I have absolutely no idea what authentic African cuisine tastes like, but I have a pretty good idea what skillfully prepared fresh flavorful food tastes like, and Buraka definitely is that.  Their menu has a wide selection of stews and other items. There is lots of vegetarian options but they also serve beef, lamb, and chicken. One can choose to have your dish with either rice or injera. Go for the injera it's a soft bubbly tortilla-like bread that you can wrap your food in or eat on the side. (The taste and texture is so good.) They have items with a variety of spiciness. In general, Buraka is amazing.  Buraka also has a cart on Library Mall, it is a fantastic deal.
This is by far my long-standing favorite for food at the Memorial Library carts.
I love his chicken alicha! I tried some alicha in Rosalind's, one of the restaurants in LA's Little Ethiopia row, but they're so different than Buraka's. I remember Buraka's alicha is red in color and has tomato taste. The one I ate in Rosalind's actually has more spices (and less red in color) than Buraka's. I don't know which version is more authentic, but I don't care. I still love Buraka's chicken alicha + green (spicy) chilli sauce + yogurt + rice! Yum!
Wow. This food is simply great. I've usually eaten at their lunchtime food cart, and sometimes at the restaurant on State Street as well. The menu items they have taste consistently great; I like some of the items more than others, but I've never had a bad meal. Some of the dishes are a bit spicy (which I like), so you may want to ask in advance if you prefer something less spicy. This is one of the places I really miss.
Yummy food and a nice dining area make this place a winner.  There were four vegetarian main courses to choose from.  One thing that was curious was that they had no appetizers on the menu.
How in the hell did I never eat at this place until just a couple weeks ago? Great East African food and the lunches are cheap! Definitely only for those who love spice and adventure (but if you aren't one of those people then you should probably just stay home every night and cook something flavorless and be miserable away from the rest of us).  I had enjoyed similar styled food before, but had never had it with the injera, which is really the star here.  Imagine spicy stews wrapped in a sourdough crepe and you'll get the idea of what this place offers.  This is my comfort food no matter what the weather. Oh, and the service is pretty good too. They explain everything very well so novices need not be intimidated in trying something a little out of the ordinary.
This has been my favorite Madison restaurant ever since I walked in 7 years ago.  Their menu hasn't changed in all that time, and I don't mind at all.  Their salad dressing is magical in its deliciousness.  All of their entrees are simple, hearty comfort food--serious meat and potatoes kind of fare!  I took one of the pickiest eaters I've ever met there (she was scared of the place), and she walked away proclaiming it to be "delicious."  Try the Coconut Curry Chicken or the Lamb Tibs--they're the shit.  I would also recommend a refreshing "Gin & Ting."  

I love the fact that it's a teeny hole in the wall (or hole in the basement, rather).  It makes me feel happy and smooshy inside just to be there, but it's particularly nice in the fierce cold of a Wisconsin winter.  :)
I trusted the madison yelpers to help me find good restaurants and madison and buraka was among the very top there. Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything special. It wasn't bad in any way, just a little bland and not inspiring. I've had better east african food in most african restaurants in chicago.
I would give this one a 3.5 or a 3.75....It's a neat little setting in the basement, below Husnu's, I think....nice art on the walls. Their house salad, I have to say, was the most boring thing ever....lettuce leaves drizzled in some olive oil. period. 

Some of their entrees are good. I like the peanut chicken stew....i think few of their entrees can be repetitive....different meats but similar sauce/preparation....I would have liked to see some creativity in there!....

The injera (bread) is a bit too sour for my taste and it overpowers the flavor of your stew...go with the rice.

The 2 hot sauces are really good, though....ask for them.

All in all, good comfort food on a cold winter evening.....but didn't bow me away...

Btw, they have a cart in Henry mall during lunchtime and have several of the same entrees that they have for dinner....so I'd just try those out to see you're into their food.
I went here after a recommendation from a friend and I was not let down. I have never eaten any Ethiopian food before, but it was pretty good. 

The atmosphere was very nice. It was quiet, not too busy (but also not dead), a little dim and we got a somewhat secluded table. It was very nice for a date. 

The food was pretty good. I wasn't too impressed, it seemed a little bland, but then again, I did pick the most basic "meat and potatoes" dish. My girlfriend had some sort of yellow curry. She liked it. I think I tried it and it was pretty good, but I am not a huge fan of curry. 

The drink selection looked pretty large. They had a full bar. Looks like a fun place to share some meals with some people and have a couple of drinks.

The decor was pretty nice, bathrooms clean. Overall it was a good place and I will probably check it out again sometime. Maybe I will be a little more bold with my food choice this time.
Every single thing to eat at Buraka is delicious - with the exception of the little salad that they give before every meal.  Tibs, Baris, any of the spicy bits . . . so good.  And the lentil salad at lunch time is divine!  I don't live in Madison anymore, but if I did, I would still be eating at Buraka weekly - and hitting up the lunch cart!
This is a great place to dine for East African food. The service was very attentive and the food was great (we tried various items on the menu). I almost missed the entrance and went to the Middle Eastern restaurant next door. You have to go down some stairs to get to the restaurant (so don't think you are in the wrong place). 

I will definitely come back to Buraka whenever I'm in the area. It's worth the trip if you are visiting Madison.
This restaurant has a few dishes which are vegan or can be made vegan. It has an emphasis on comfort-food type dishes, such as lentil stews with injera (a fluffy type of bread, similar to a soft South Indian dosa). I would go here if you're looking for something totally different from the usual South and East Asian vegan options in Madison.
As you descend the steps to Buraka's underground location, be prepared for a truly other-worldy experience. This is a small, dimly-lit restaurant serves up some serious Ethiopian cuisine. You have to be adventurous to enjoy dining here, some of the dishes and flavors are very different than what you would find in most other Madison establishments. All of it is quality, no doubt, and very intriguing. There was one server on staff the night I went, but she did a great job of keeping up, and was very informed about the menu. You could hear her chatting to the Hispanic kitchen staff in Spanish whenever she walked by the kitchen window. Definitely an interesting combination of cultures. It took me a few minutes to realize I was in Madison after I left Buraka's dark, pungent semblance.
I don't know if it's real Ethiopian or not, but I find it pleasant enough to go back on occasion. It's an interesting little restaurant down in a dark basement and they make a good chai (very balanced spicy flavor, not too sweet). Their menu options are few, but the food is alright -- The injera bread is probably one of the most unique options there, though some of the stews feel like a repeat of Husnu's and Kabul on State St. and their chicken can be a bit on the dry side. Prices are reasonable during lunchtime as they have half-portion menu options then, but dinner can be quite pricey.
Tasty food, decent price, outside seating like many other restaurants on state street. I enjoyed my meal here and my girlfriend absolutely adored hers, service was alright too.
If people didn't rave about Buraka so much (I was taken here immediately when I first moved to Madison - like twice), I think I would have liked it better.  You basically have a choice of a number of stews - vegetarian or meat - served on an african bread, which is really like a sour pancake.  It's good, it's just didn't live up to the hype for me.  It also seemed a bit pricey, but I guess they've cornered the market on african food in Madison, so they can get away with it.  

Bland-ish, and it makes me feel left out to be around a bunch of people obviously enjoying what is an especially good meal.  Sort of a bummer.
I had fond memories of this place from when I visited it 5 years ago, so I was really excited to go back recently. I've had a lot more experience with ethiopian food since then, and I found this place to be perplexingly untraditional this time. It's hard to pinpoint what bothered me, I think maybe they are just trying to accommodate the midwestern palate, but I couldn't help but be a bit disappointed. The food is certainly good, but I would say that if you are trying ethiopian for the first time, reserve judgement until you've had it at a really authentic place.
I'll be honest, I have never been blown away by ethiopian food; it's usually messy and difficult and not amazingly super tasty; except at Buraka, where it is amazingly super tasty, and neither messy nor difficult.
Great place.  I second the earlier recommendation about asking for the hot sauce.  Friendly service and great food - what more can you ask for?
Not quite what I expected, but  not bad either. My experience of Ethiopian cuisine has been more communal, ordering a sampling of different stews and sharing with others. I actually prefer it that way because you get to try more. At Buraka, you order your own plate like you do at most establishments, and I guess this is my one complaint. I have had better (in Chicago - check out Ethiopian Diamond on N. Broadway if you get the chance), but this certainly was not bad at all. I enjoyed my dish... it had a nice heat to it, and most everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals as well. I would definitely go back. The service here was adequate. On one hand, everyone got everything they needed and we felt comfortable, not rushed whatsoever. If you are expecting a bubbly server who kisses your ass and charms you, this is not the place. If you are not high-maintenance, you will do fine with the service here.
I'd never envisioned Ethiopian as a fast food, but the food cart on Library Mall proves it can be done, and done well.  I like the dorowat, and usually get it with rice.  Actually I don't think I've had their injera yet, but will make an effort to do so soon as everything I've eaten so far has been superb.
I ate there this past summer and it was alright.  We were looking for a new place to try and decided on this because they had outdoor seating.  We went inside to let them know we were outside and it appeared that only one woman was bartending and waitressing.  She said she'd be right out and it took 10 minutes before we saw her.  We ordered drinks and it took another 15 minutes before we saw those.  Granted a big party was in the midst of leaving while we were waiting, but they probably should have had one more waitress.  We had heard great things about the food and while my boyfriend liked it, I found it sort of bland.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.  Not sure I'd go back right away.
Well, really 2-1/2 stars.  I'm an adventurer and I'll try any ethnic dish at least once.  But this place just doesn't move me at all.

It feels like a diner in a basement - which it is.  But an East African diner with very intriguing artwork on the walls which helped pass the time in those uncomfortable chairs.  Mine wobbled a bit too.

If these stews are Ethiopian, so be it.  Not at all like the 
Ethiopian food I've had in D.C.  I was sold on the "newness" of East African food!  Of course Ethiopia is in east Africa too.....

So we had a small variety of stews that I assume came out of big pots.  Some were tasty, others not.  My friend enjoyed his, but he recommended this place.  When I finished, the hot one had me burping for some time after....as did the relatively high price- to- value relationship I'd just experienced.
No menu is posted outside (wish there was), but we took the plunge and headed downstairs to check it out.  The menu was fun to peruse, and I was pleased because there were several vegetarian options to choose from.  Entrees were served on either rice or ethiopian bread and were moderately sized and served with a side salad.  Several African beers were offered, which were fun to try.  Our waitress was not overly friendly, but attentive enough to be fine with me.  The main room seems to offer a bit more ambiance than the back room, which felt a little lacking in that department.  I'm not sure if it was the overhead lighting or the chairs, which felt a little rec room-like.  

BOTTOM LINE:  Fair prices and several veg-friendly options.  I was glad we tried it and it was enjoyable enough for me to recommend.
I've never been wowed by any dish I've ever had at Buraka.  Sure, they sound exciting.  Why wouldn't Ethiopian food sound exciting?  I've walked away feeling pretty meh everytime I've been there though.  Their food is just okay.  Most of it seems to kind of just taste like spiced red beans and rice to me, and none of the spices particularly exciting.  I don't like their Injera bread either.  The sourness doesn't appeal to me.  

It might be that I just don't particularly like Ethiopian food, but I've definitely had better in Berkeley, Ca.  Better injera too.
Tis good.  Very unique food.  I love the bread, it's unique.  You definitely will be full when you leave.  They also have ginger soda which is amazing.
I used to work here while a student in Madison, and I can tell you the food is phenomenal!
Buraka is decent, but I think I would leave it at just that. They're good at what they do, without ever trying to go above and beyond any expectations. After all, when you're basically the only restaurant within 50 miles that's selling any form of African food, the bar isn't set very high. If you come here because you're craving Ethiopian food, you'll be satisfied. If you come here expecting something new and different, you'll leave wishing you tried something else. There's so many other places in Madison that do ethnic food so much better than this.

Basically every entree here consists of meat and/or vegetables cooked in a simple sauce, served over injera bread. It doesn't matter much which one you pick. The spices they put in lack any boldness, leaving you with simple, uninspired sauces that do the job but don't wow you in any way. The same can be said of the rest of the ingredients in the dish. Without any variation by way of spices and flavors, most of the dishes end up tasting pretty much the same.

You'll receive several helpings of injera bread, which you won't find anywhere else. It tastes pretty unique - slightly bitter, and very soft and fluffy. You can roll it up like a tortilla or use it for dipping in your food. Problem is, without anything to combine it with, this bread is rather helpless on its own. The sauces you'll receive to dip it in serve as a crutch to compensate for how bland it is.

The service and the atmosphere were average, much like everything else in the restaurant. The waiter was tough to find at times but he was friendly and the wait wasn't too long. All in all, Buraka did not disappoint, but it did not impress me either. Something about it felt very inauthentic. You'd be much better off skipping this very average dining experience and trying something else.
Probably more like 3 1/2 stars. The decor was best described as eclectic mediocrity. The food was good. Especially the coconut curry. Also, try the tostones but go easy on the sauce. Its a little hot for my wimpy self. Good selection of both domestic microbrews and some African imports. Oddly enough, I thought the mint chocolate cheesecake  stole the show. I would definitely go again.
Sorry I thought it was "ok" I have had authentic Ethiopian food ..  you don't get the full experience  .. Although the food was ok, I felt it seasoned well enough, the injera was ok, I wish they brought out the big dishes like authentic restaurants ... Also the entrance is kinda funny, its right next to Kabul's make sure you don't walk into the wrong restaurant. The restaurant was nice and clean, and well decorated, and it had a bar ... thats always a plus
Headline: uninviting, great Dorowat, first-Ethiopian-success

My colleague and I were just in Madison for the day so we decided to stop into Buraka for a late lunch. It's a little uninviting at first since it's located in the basement of the building, but once you get downstairs it's fairly open and friendly. 

This was my first time having Ethiopian food so I went for the house special, the Dorowat, which my colleague described as the "Pad Thai of Ethiopian food." I really enjoyed the dish; the flavors weren't as unfamiliar as I expected they might be. Also, the waitress made me think that it was going to be spicy, but it was rather mild, still to my liking--the spicy sauce that comes out on the side is really hot though! The Injera bread was pretty good too, but next time I'll try the rice. 

All-in-all, I enjoyed my experience and I'll give Ethiopian food another go soon!
Okay, so here's the disclaimer: I'm not super familiar with Ethiopian food.

That said, is Ethiopian food supposed to be this bland? And what is the deal with the spongey bread thing that I'm supposed to use to make a semi-spicy soupy burrito? Kinda gross, if you ask me.

I gave up on the bread quickly and the rest of the meal wasn't much better, as it just sort of tasted like old Indian food with fewer spices and more carrots.

The restaurant is surprisingly comfortable, though, and a lot roomier than expected. So there, you earned yourself a second star.

And if you like Gluten-free beer, they have it. My buddy ordered one by accident (which, unless you have Celiac disease, is the only reason I assume someone would order it)
I'm a fan of this restaurant. It's a cute place with good food. It's down some stairs and has very nice ambiance for a semi-nice/semi-casual dinner or lunch. They have rice or injara curry dishes and lentil stuff. All very good.  I like the peanut stew.
The food was good and I would go back.
Order the Dorowot. Ask for it with ingera.  Your tastebuds will be happy!
Went here for a quick business lunch.
I had Ethiopian years ago.  Lived in DC for a few years but unfortunately never got to try the wonderful Ethiopian there, given a lot of Ethiopians in the area... when I go back I"m definitely going to try to hit it up, if its anything like Buraka.

Had the coconut chicken curry and dorowat.  Pretty cheap, like $9 for a combo.  Decent food.  Not too hot or spicy.  Service was passable though if you're in a hurry I wouldn't eat outside for lunch (since they have to come up from the basement).  Wasn't as spicy or as flavorful as I had hoped, but it was a solid lunch, and I'll be back.  

The bread isn't as bad as I had read here on yelp.  A little tangy.  Fluffy.  Nice to use with the meat/stews.  My friend I was with recommended getting the dishes with the rice and getting a side of the bread, that way you have both worlds.
Great college restaurant.  Sat outside on State St for a great atmosphere and good, tasty food.  Never had African food before but will certainly try again when I come across another place serving it.  Definitely give this place a try!
Delicious vegan meals with an incredible variety. very reasonably priced
So Buraka. Meh.

First of all, this is definitely not a vegan restaurant. They have three vegan items; one is a soup, which is a comparable spread to many establishments. They are notably missing some of the standard dishes vegans will crave, and their alecha, mysteriously, is vegetarian but not vegan. 

I ordered the misirwat, forgoing the soup and the third thing I can't remember. The injera is standard, passable, but the misirwat was not at all what I expect when ordering that dish. It was not spicy, it was not dense, it was not pureed, it had potatoes in it (wth?) and it was *very* tomatoey and salty--- sort of like it was bathed in tomato soup. Also, despite having specified vegan, I was given a dish with a big scoop of (sour cream? soft cheese? I'm not sure, but it definitely was some dairy thing). 

I appreciate that they kind of tried, but I won't be doing this again.
I really love that they have multiple vegan options.  Relatively reasonably priced for lunch or at their food cart (For a veggie dish, about $4-5 for a half portion or $6-7 for a full portion).  Most of the time I make myself very standard salads for lunch, but sometimes I just CRAVE ethnic food that I can't replicate.  This is where the Buraka food cart comes in.  Hearty, quick, and pretty tasty.  I will be honest, though: I can't particularly attest to the authenticity.
We decided on this place because we wanted to sit outside and wanted to try something new.  A+ on the sweet potato fries.  AMAZING, in fact.  We ordered a platter with two entrees on it, and we thought it was pretty tasty.  We would definitely go back for the location, outdoor seating and for the fries.  Good service also.
So I went back and I don't like it quite as much. It's still good, but not as good. I think they might have stopped serving their lentil side dish with every meal, which makes me sad, cause that was yummy. It's a little bland-er than I remember, but still a cute place with good food.
I love ethnic food, and Buraka fits well onto the State Street scene. Their dorowat dish is amazing and I recommend trying their injera. It is some sort of Ethiopian flatbread, and absolutely delicious

Be adventurous and try a family style platter served all over injera! Its great if you and your friends are trying a few dishes. We got 4 different dishes and all were good! My favorite was the Dorowat and Chicken Peanut Stew which had an awesome peanut butter taste.
I want to love it. Really, I want to love it sooo badly. But the truth is: go to San Francisco or Washington D.C. and get it there. As my (very white) Grandma would say: "this is interesting." By which I mean, there are some ...flavors....and ...spices... but nothing quite pulls together.

At least the African Nut Stew and Injera are good.
Search for Ethiopian Restaurants on Madison Yelp and you get 1. Count them 1,..1,..1...

This place will work. Duck downstairs away from the h/bustle of State Street and find yourself in a lovely cool and calm space with a bar and two big dining rooms. It's not the biggest menu I've ever seen but it has the basics. We had  a Lamb tibs and a Chicken with peanut sauce and the lentil/potato as a combination plate. Both served with injeera. The tef-based flat bread was excellent. The other dishes were missing something. We looked at each other with a "what's wrong here" look. Aha!!!   S.U. called the waitress over and asked if they had Berbere sauce (the Ethiopean hot sauce). That's what was missing. A few drops of that and it was all good. The mouth burned, the sweat flowed, the flavors came alive!!!!

So, I am a fan. I understand that the typical Wisconsinite may not immediately love the spiciness that Ethiopian cuisine can bring to the game (or eating with the hands, forks are provided). So I say this. Ask for The Sauce or say, up-front that you like The Spice. They'll bring it! Game on!
Hidden jewel since it's underground, it has somewhat of a romantic feel (all exclusive and what not). But what I will tell you is that their food is pretty good. I ordered some samosas as an appetizer. Normally I am picky with Samosas since I feel like they are under stuffed . BUT NOT HERE ! 

The waitress recommended me Dorowot. Nice and spicy :) Just how I like my food ! 

Amazing service ! -- The waitress I had is such a cutie !

Ps. Madison's food options are scarce . Eat here . It's actually good ! Don't do decent .
I've eaten at the cart several times and at the actual restaurant a couple of times now. I like getting Ethiopian food in the "traditional" serving with a huge plate and you pick things up with the injera. Here they call it "family style" and they've made some strange twist to it where the plate is not that big and they LAYER the food with the injera o.O (injera, food, injera, food). Really strange...

I get the impression that the injera here is a bit more sour than others I've tried. The food overall ranges between good and okay.

Also, it's quite a lot more expensive for dinner and I asked if the portions were significantly bigger. They said the portions were a third bigger. Yeah. That didn't happen.
So delicious! Lunch has better portions and menu. Definitely try the "Mango Drink," it's thick and very sweet. Great vegetarian options, too!
Great service and real, slow cooked food for a very low price. It's the kind of meal that while you are driving or walking home, you feel good about yourself and what you ate and you don't have icky food hangover.  Extremely simple stews served with perfect injera. The plantains were also amazing and I have no idea what was in the sauce with the plantains, but we could have eating it with a spoon...actually I think we did. The place is not pretty, but my family of four hungry people ate heartily for under $60, so I'm happy to forfeit ambiance.
I have never had East African or Ethiopian cuisine before. I was hesitant to try Buraka at first, but I was pleasantly surprised. 

The Samoosas and the fried plantain appetizers were delicious. Most of the main entrees at Buraka are curry dishes. I tried the Dorowot and the Siga Alicha and both were pretty tasty. The good thing is that for adventurous patrons, there's an option to try a combination of two dishes and do a half-and-half. I highly recommend that.

The service at Buraka is great, so ask for recommendations. You won't be disappointed in their food.
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.

We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.

Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. 

I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. 

Avoid unless you are desperate.
This is the second time I've ever had Ethiopian food, and like my first time, I left feeling full and satisfied.

People really should try Ethiopian food more, because in my very humble but awesome opinion, Ethiopian food is da bomb. 

They always have deliciously seasoned meats, with lamb at the head of the pack.

Then on top of that, the meats are accompanied by all kinds of savory sauces that will make your taste buds happy. 

Finally, you wrap everything up with the injera, which is like a burito wrap, but much thinner. This gives it a great carb to meat/vegetable ratio, and the injera does a great job of soaking up the different sauces and juices. Also, the injera has a slightly sour taste, which, while off-putting at first, adds a great balance with its acidity into the meal. 

And all of this can be had for around $15-18 for dinner, with enough leftovers for another meal, to the tune of some relaxing background African music.
Valentine's Night dinner--WIN! 

Started off with the veggie samoosa and a mango drink. The samoosa was warm, crispy, and the filling was spicy and delicious. The accompanying dip had the perfect sweet-spice pairing. I love mangos and the sweet drink was a nice contrast to all the spicy food.

I ordered a combo veggie dinner--the veggie peanut stew and the tomato-based rich stew. I got them both on rice with a side of injera. Both excellent--spicy and delicious and very good on the rice. I think I'm too white for the spongey injera although I enjoyed trying a bit of it. The side salad was nice--nothing too impressive but not a gross iceberg no-flavor mess either.

Note that the food isn't served authentic Ethiopian style (on big platters on the injera with everyone sharing and eating with their hands), although as I mention again, I'm pretty white and it was really good.

At first, I was worried we might have slow service as there was one guy who was running the whole show and the bar, but he did a great job.
stopped in on a whim, when looking for a new restaurant to try.  the place was clean and nicely decorated.  the service was speedy.  and the food - amazing.  the samoosa appetizer was quite delicious (had one each of beef and lentil) and the dorowot entree left me wanting more.  the drink selection is nice, though i confess i didn't indulge this time... guess it's just one more reason to go back!
Restaurant is in basement of building, but it was quiet, clean, and brightly colored.  Loved their Chicken Curry and Lamb dish (can't remember name).  Enjoyed the tasty side of lentil salad.  Very small plates for lunch, but delicious, filling food.  Nice level of spice.  Had bottled non-alcoholic ginger beer which was very good.   Lunch partner had the unleavened bread with her entree and this bread looked like a thin, wet pancake (which I would skip.)   Pleasant young waiter.  I'll go back.
Really good ethiopian food, and the server was great at explaining different menu items. Food is decently priced, and comes out quickly.

Don't be worried about going down the stairs, it doesn't feel dungeon like at all :) The decor is pretty light and homey; it felt like I stepped into someone's home and they cooked us dinner.
My guess is that not many Wisconsinites have had Ethiopian food very often or ever- and therefore, are not that picky. But sometimes, if you have lived in other states, you just want something that is NOT Midwestern tavern food!
The food here is OK to good. The injera is very good - a classic, buckwheat sourdough pancake bread. The main dishes- mostly stews, both meat and vege., are fine, but not very spicy. Real Ethiopian food is SPICY.
Ask for the red sauce, it helps.
Real Ethiopian food is served on a huge platter on top of the injera bread, with each choice placed around in a circle on the bread. Then everyone eats with their hands, you tear a piece of bread/pancake and scoop up some lamb, or beef or vege stew and pop it in your mouth. You can use a fork here in Madison- or get the food served on rice.

They have a drinks happy hour until 6 pm (maybe only M-F?) - well drinks for $2.
 "but sorry! we are out of tonic."  Really? a bar--- out of tonic? Pints were also $2. til 6 pm.
The space is in a nice high-ceiling basement room, with warm lighting, well-spaced tables and a quiet vibe -- you feel like you have stepped away from State ST madness.
Friendly service.
(Please servers, wipe the sauce bottles clean when you get a moment.)
One of my favorite restaurants in the city.

I love their vegan/vegetarian dishes, especially the misirwot. The servings are plenty to share, I can rarely finish it on my own. 

4 stars because sometimes the service can be spotty. Food is ALWAYS amazing, though.
Nice Ethiopian spot, good native dishes at a decent price. Has a nice outside seating option or a downstairs one, both work well. Food usually comes out pretty fast, this type of cuisine is great to share, get a family platter so you can try a some of the different dishes. Good place for a change of pace from the everyday typcial American food.
It's alright, for Ethiopian. I grew up outside of NYC and have spent extensive time in DC, which has an enormous Ethiopian population, so I like to pretend I know what Ethiopian food is.

People who've experienced legit Ethiopian before will most likely be wondering why rice is offered on the menu. Come on...it's all about injera.

Dishes were good, but not solid. I thought the doro wat was a bit dry (the chicken, that is), but the mesir wat was quite good. Injera was decent, but I've had better.

So...yeah. Three stars for decent Ethiopian in Madison! The food cart, though, is where I'll be getting my stuff from. It's a bit $$$ for my tastes, as far as restaurant costs go.
I want to like it. I really do. I've been twice, but each time I found the dishes bland ... or with a spiciness that was just spice, not flavor.
Food is great try the simosas. The lentil salad is to die for. The service that the owners daughter provides is atrocious. If she is serving I take it to go
I've had a lot better Ethiopian than I was served at Buraka. There is a decent percentage of veg options, which I appreciate, but the menu overall isn't very broad. They also don't have sampler platters for individuals, except for a two-entree combination option which costs more than one entree for approximately the same amount of food. 

 I ordered a combination of the misir wot and the black beans, both described as spicy. Wary due to other Yelp reviews, I emphasized to the server that I like my food spicy, and she assured me that the two dishes are indeed quite spicy. They were not. More significantly, they simply weren't very flavorful. Nor was the injera, usually a highlight of my Ethiopian restaurant experiences.  Halfway through the meal the server offered hot sauce, which helped,but I ultimately expect more flavor in the food itself. 

The ambiance is nice, and they have patio dining, but I'd give this restaurant a definite pass in the future.
This is the first place I go to whenever I'm in the area. It has a very unique style of food that you won't find too many places. The Ethiopian sour dough bread is a great canvas for the various saucy dishes. You can also ask for a hot pepper sauce on the side, since the dishes are not too spicy. The Jamaican ginger beer (soda) is an interesting drink and very powerful, although it is not for everyone. There is basement (downstairs) indoor seating and outdoor seating along the street. This place also has a food truck nearby in case you do not want to dine at the restaurant.
Meh...This is the second time I've had ethiopian food, so I'm no expert, but I can tell when food is flavorful or not. Severely lacking in depth of flavor. It was cooked potatoes/lentils/etc on injera. A little bit of curry flavoring? Service wasn't great as we waited for 1 person to run the restaurant....Wouldn't return.
I really love Buraka.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  I am vegan, so I have not tried many of the options on the menu, but I have not found their food bland at all.  My favorites are the misirwot and the lentil samoosas.  The service has always been great when I have eaten here (at least 30 times).

A couple reviewers have commented that an Ethiopian restaurant should not have rice, but as a vegan, I appreciate that they do so I can actually eat here.  Who cares if they offer something that is not traditionally Ethiopian?  Just don't order it if you don't want it.
Food is bland and a bit dry. Sauces could be heavier and better flavored. Notably, tibs were very mild and other dishes were barely warm. Plate came with salad (?!) and Italian dressing. Random sour cream. Good Ethiopian food should be hot and seep into the injera to make a delicious bite... not the case here.
Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...

I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.

I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.

Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! 

Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
Service and location were very good. Food - that was another matter.  I don't want to sound unkind: if this food was made in my kitchen,  I'd be intensely proud. But, I would know it's Ethiopean-LIKE, and NOT traditional/authentic. I am spoiled with having so many Ethiopean restaurants in Minneapolis,  so expected similar taste.  Chicken Dorowat must be served on a bone with a hard boiled egg. It is served this way in every such restaurant I've ever been too, including those in Washington DC. Sauces were ok, but not authentic or flavorful enough. Injera was very good. Overall it was delicious, but nothing like I expected.
This review is for the food cart on Library Mall, which I hope is still operating despite the fact that their storefront location has been forced to close its doors thanks to the development plans on State Street. 

If not, at least I can say I tried it! 

So I went with the chicken peanut stew with red potatoes and lentil salad wrapped in injera, and while it wasn't something I'd come running back for, it was slightly satisfying on the cold day that I was able to enjoy it.

This selection was unique, but all of the components did work well together to formulate a cohesive, hearty dish. I would have perhaps appreciated more chicken, but maybe that's just me and my protein-obsessed-self. I just felt that the dish was a tad heavy on the carbs, what with the red potatoes and the lentils and the injera (Ethiopian sourdough flatbread). 

I must say that the injera took me by surprise. I was expecting the typical flatbread dough, yet the injera was unexpectedly thin (almost crepe-like, yet still dense) and had a rather sour taste to it, resemblant of the taste you get from your average sourdough loaf, though much more pronounced. 

I also appreciated the peanut stew/sauce component. The flavors were great and welcomingly savory. 

While the chicken peanut stew wouldn't be my first choice in a return visit, it did make for a decent meal.
I have never had a bad meal here.  The place is small and unassuming but it can get pretty busy during lunchtime.  I usually get one of their combination platters where you basicaly pick any three dishes on the menu and they bring it to you with a pile of fresh warm injera bread which I honestly think is my favorite part of Ethiopian food.

I usually opt for one meat and two vegetable dishes because it's a lot of food either way and I feel like I have a better chance of finishing if I go with two vegetables.  I've had the beef, the lamb, the chicken, the cabbage, the red lentils and the green beans and they are all good but my favorite is probably the lamb with cabbage and green beans.

Five stars for being the only Ethiopian food around and mighty tasty.
I must admit, I don't think Ethiopian food is my end all, be all. I've had it twice since moving to Phoenix. It's not that I shy away from eating with my hands. It's not that I don't appreciate the culture, or how unique of a dining experience this is... authentic as you're going to get in the Valley, I can imagine. 

It's not any of those things... I think it's the food. Now, c'mon, I'm not going to lie. The food is tasty. It's just not what gets me going. I went to Lalibela with a couple co-workers. I was looking to get out of the office and enjoy some chit chat. Mission accomplished. Yet, can 3 people seriously get full from sharing a plate of Lalibela's finest? I think not. Besides, I get kinda skeeved out when dirt or food gets caught under my nails. Yikes. (Watching my co-workers pick at their fingers after the meal was not the most pleasing way to polish off my lunch.)

Sounds like I'm complaining, right? Well, I'm not trying to. I mean, this place is good. Don't get me wrong! I s'pose if you enjoy Ethiopian food and eating with your hands (and strange textures and really thin bread), then this is the place for you. 

I give it 4 stars for what it is: a really good Ethiopian restaurant... With, if you didn't know, really good chai tea. Oh, and the food... Well, I'll let you decide for yourself. Maybe it's your end all, be all.
Great Ethiopian restaurant in Tempe.  Compares very favorably with Ethiopian restaurants in Washington, DC, Dallas, and New York City...

We ended up at an Ethiopian restaurant (Cafe Lalibela). We ordered lamb, chicken (doro wat), beef along with potato, green beans, and turnip greens for veggies. Very tasty. Silky bread here compared favorably to Addysbia in Dallas. Prices were incredibly low. If I hadn't completely destroyed the USB Card Reader, I would have pictures of the great food. Also didn't get to take a picture of the girl in the corner that got Viper dubbed the name "Mr. Obvious". Her boyfriend looked annoyed.  :)
This place is amazing. I have yet to have something there that I did not love and I have been there plenty of times.
The food and experience is wonderful, there are plenty of meat and vegetarian options on the menu and the way it is served will make everyone happy. 
The food is brought to you on a plate on top of injera, a flat, spongy, moist bread with a taste similar to sourdough. Pieces of injera are torn off and used to scoop/grab bites of the portions, no silverware. They have traditional Ethiopian drinks and liquor, too.
They have lunch specials where the portions are served wrapped burrito style, which was my first experience and absolutely amazing.
Cafe Lalibela is a must, something wonderful to experience, a delightful culinary peek into another country and culture. You won't be disappointed.
My husband and I came to Lalibela's for Valentine' Day and it was the perfect dinner. Every time we eat at Lalibela, we keep wondering why we don't make the short drive there more often.

Tonight, we tried one of the Ethiopian wines, a sweet red called Axumit. It was nice -- I think they might even sell bottles of it to take home,although I'm not positive.
I love all the vegetarian dishes here, especially the Shiro Wat, which is ground peas with berbere and onion. Also, I always try to order their home-made crumbly white cheese to add to the dishes -- they're often out of it, because it takes a long time to make, but it's delicious if you can get some.
The tiramisu and the coffee is also very good, as well as the Koranti, which is hot tea with some ouzo in it.

Overall, this place is just fabulous. I've had Ethiopian food in places like San Francisco and D.C., and Lalibela's has come out on top every time. The crowd is pretty nice, too. Lots of people from varied backgrounds frequent the restaurant, as well as what I think of as the NPR crowd -- you know, the ones with glasses and funky jewelry who have loud, obscure conversations about astrophysics or medieval Bosnian literature or the deplorable state of the world's organic strawberry farms... that could be because Cafe Lalibela is a sponsor on KJZZ, though, which actually was the reason I sought it out when I first moved to Phoenix. Just another reason to support this place!
Hmm. I've been to Lalibela twice, both times for lunch, and had wildly different experiences. Now, I lived in Washington DC for a couple of years and developed a great love for Ethiopian food. DC has the world's second largest Ethiopian population (second only to Ethiopia) and the Ethiopian food there is divine. 

So I was hesitant about Arizona Ethiopian food, and my first trip was not encouraging. I went for lunch with a friend and ordered the three-item lunch sampler. The food arrived right on the plate - no injera to soak up the saucy goodness! A little disconcerting. There was also rice, which I've never seen in an Ethiopian place. And then, the real crime: a FORK. I was given a FORK. Heresy! But while the presentation didn't seem all that authentic, the food was delicious.

The second time, though, also for lunch, was an entirely different experience. The food came atop injera on a big, round platter, the way I've always seen it done, and there were no forks! The food is amazing and I'll definitely be back, but man, I have to ding them a star for giving me a fork. Come on!
No complaints about Cafe Lalibela.  I now know where to get my Ethiopian fix in the Valley.  We ordered some kind of large platter, with vegetarian and meat selections.  It was DELICIOUS.  We also had some Ethiopian red wine that paired perfectly.  

Mmmm.  Injera.
I have been going to Cafe Lalibela since it opened, which was a few years before I even moved to the valley.  I have never had a bad experience or anything less than excellent food.

They have an enormous menu, but I usually tell the waitress to bring me whatever is good - and vegetarian.  The waitstaff is prompt, attentive and very helpful.

The food is the star, from the injera to the teas, you simply can not go wrong at Lalibela.  Ethiopian food is unlike anything else, and it is SO tasty.

My only problem is convincing my friends to go with me!
It would be difficult for any of us who haven't been to Ethiopia or have experience with a variety of Ethiopian cafes (maybe if you're from DC you could qualify) to be a stringent critic on the quality of Lalibela, but what I DO know is what tastes stunning regardless of a specific palate for niche-ethnic-food.

Based on the savory deliciousness of the Lalibela Exclusive -- a party platter consisting of [doro wat, kye sega wat, alicha sega wat, misir wat, gomen, yebere sega tibs, fosolia, yebeg alicha sega wat, tikil gomen and yekik alicha served with ayeb and selata] uhm, food n stuff that you use to envelope with a sourdough-like flatbread made of teff flour, I will gladly hand over the coveted five-star rating.

The platter had various meats -- beef, chicken, and lamb -- as well as lentils, beans, greens and herbs.  The vegans (level 4 - heh.) were able to share the meal along with the carnis without a complaint.  Between 6 of us we took down 1.5 platters.  The daunting task of finishing it all off was too much for us to handle, but i had no problem downing my Ethiopian light beer "Harar", which was honey-sweet and tasty and made for a perfect punch to wash all that culture down.
Great food. As someone who's traveled to Ethiopia, I can tell you that they do a fantastic job at cooking traditionally. However, D.C. and NYC Ethiopian restaurants kick ass in the states! 

Enjoy!
Lalibela, you are my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley. I travel to you from Sunnyslope as often as I can. Everything you serve (vegetarian) is delicious, and I often think of your food. Consistently delicious and satisfying you are. You have never disappointed me; this is why you are one of my favorite places that I will never turn down if offered.
Lalibela is the best Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley.  It's a thousand times better than Tina's in Chandler (don't waste your time).

I was turned onto Lalibela by my friend, Filmon, who's Eritrean.  He agrees that Lalibela is the best Ethiopian restaurant in Phoenix!  In fact, it was Fil who turned me on to Ethiopian food as well!  His mother sent some doro wat and sega tibs to him and he shared it with me.  I'm originally from Kansas and had never tasted anything like it.  I loved it.  And thus began my love affair with Lalibela and Ethiopian food.

I've eaten lunch at Lalibela three times and each time has been delightful and satisfying.  There wasn't a wait at any point during my three visits.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  The menu is easy to decipher - the dishes are explained in English.  The prices are good.

I've sampled pretty much everything on the menu.  We always get a large platter with injera.  Doro wat, sega wat, gomen, sega tibs, kitfo (my favorite), and selata, to name a few.  They also serve drinks and have desserts (mostly Italian or American).  The food is a little greasy (mostly cooked in butter or animal fats), so it's best to have a hot cup of tea after the meal to break up the fat.  

The restaurant itself is unassuming.  There are some nice touches.  They give you little wet naps to clean your hands before and after the meal, which is nice.  There's also a few interesting pieces of art on the wall - one of the most intriguing is the one that displays the Ethiopian alphabet, which is very large when compared to the English alphabet.

My only disappointment: they're closed on Mondays!
I've been to Cafe Lalibela a number of times, and every time I leave stuffed and satisfied. The menu is a typical Ethiopian menu, with entrees, meat or vegetarian, served with "injera" (flat bread) but all the dishes I have tried have been as good or better than any other Ethiopian restaurants I have been to. My favorite is the fosolia (green beens + carrots), but really all the dishes are great. I went with some friends for the Ethiopian Millennium celebration Fall 2007, and was treated to a fully delicious buffet. Would definitely recommend if you like Ethiopian or are looking for a different experience.
I visited here with another couple friend of ours this past Friday, and was I pleasantly surprised. The four of us split there "combo" type dinner and it came out on this massive round tray/bowl with Ethiopian style bread. There were a variety of meats, including beef three ways, lamb, and chicken. There were lentils, peas, green salad, and a few other types of vegetable sides. The food was fantastic to say the least, and the dinning experience is so unique, you eat with your hands and use the bread to prevent you from getting it all over yourself. I truly enjoyed all of the new flavors and the social aspect of Ethiopian dinning.  The prices were also very reasonable, that monster dish was about $40.00. There are native Ethiopian wines and beers available (but I chose to take a night off from the sauce) so I can't tell you if they were good. 

If you are interested in broadening your food horizons I would most certainly suggest trying this place. Staff was also friendly and attentive (important to mention). This place is no frills though, and attire is definitely whatever goes. I think this is good for large groups as well as first dates and small parties!
As a former vegetarian/vegan, I've recently been discovering the (full, not substitutions or single-option style) menus of my favorite places. The vegetarian platter at this place is so good, though, that I really don't even have that desire. Okay, maybe I'm game for the chicken stew with a hard-boiled egg as an option, but come on. It's a stewed hard-boiled egg.  How could I not? 

Misir wat, the red lentil stew, is by far the tastiest thing on the vegetarian menu, but the gomen and fosolia (greens and green beans, respectively), are also good, and completely different. Each dish is seasoned differently, so the platters offer flavors that really compliment each other (rather than blending). No garlic overload or trite use of the same spices over and over. The greens are definitely sporting some garlic, but the green beans are sweet and light. Everything is stewed here, but the variety of meats and vegetables allows that. Plus, I think I read somewhere it's traditional? : )

Salads are unimaginative, the vinaigrette is just that (but goes well with the bread, as vinaigrette tends to do), one tomato wedge per person rule seems to apply. I wish someone would ban iceberg from restaurants. Bread is amazing, spongy and sour. Soup is good, a bit salty, very thick and noodly. When low on cash, that plus one stew will do you ok. Beers are Ethiopian, as is the wine. I've tried both beers and the white wine they had, I favored the Harar beer with my meal.
wanta try something a little different and good?! hit this place!! ideal to go with a few friends and split the big combo... gives you a little bit of everything and oh so good!!
Lalibela was lovely. The staff was superb and friendly and the food, particularly the fosolia, was delicious. I tried the number 17 on the menu, which was a sampler of three dishes. One lamb, one beef and one vegetarian. The flavors on the lamb and beef dish were pretty similar, but it might have just been the combination I ordered. 

The injera was very spongy and sour, like sourdough bread. We all commented on the fact that it was very filling, so I recommend you use sparingly to start. Even though they recommend trying three entrees, I would probably have been happy and filled to capacity with two. I also enjoyed a tasty Ethiopian beer called Bedele. It was really hoppy, but good. Overall, a great experience. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more vegetarian dishes.
Love this place!

After having a few other Ethiopian feasts at other restaurants, Lalibela is the best.  The food is fresh & perfectly seasoned.  TONS of vegetarian options.

Can not complain about anything.
OMG, oh so good. Gives me gas and makes me tired after lunch, but it's well worth it.
I have been waiting to try Lalibela for a few weeks and was extremely excited to hit the cafe up last night. I must say, I was a tad disappointed.

We had GREAT service. My drink was never dry and we got our food really quickly, but this could be because we got there at about 530PM and there was only one couple eating. 

The food was good, but not overly flavorful. We got great portions, but I think they were a little overpriced.

The cafe itself is relatively cool. They have some interesting painting and artifacts on the wall and are in an easy to find location.

I will go back again. It was good, but it wasn't great.
This place is very good.  I hit it up at least bi-monthly.  If you're vegetarian, this place is a must.
So good.  I have only ever had lunch here, and I usually just order the luncheon special of picking several dishes and enjoying them with the spongey bread (injera) and rice.  

Doro wat which is spicy chicken, is amazing, the lentil and cabbage dishes are awesome, and....  drum-roll, the gomen is frickin fabulous.  Seriously, if you've ever doubted collard greens before (and I know they can be mischievous tricksters, hard to rely on) give them a second try.  And stir that second try with garlic and onions on a plate at Lalibela.  I think Gomen may possibly be my deserted island only food.  And maybe raspberries.  But not together.  

The service is good, quick, friendly, and it's kind of an interesting place to people watch.  

Now, that said, it could be a bit more like the Ethiopian restaurant I went to in Minnesota that turned into a no-cameras, funk club after 7, serving copious amounts of Tusker beer, named so after it's creator who was gored to death by elephants.  

But it's not.  It's just Lalibela in Tempe, AZ.  And it's good, nay, great.  Because I go there to eat.  Not to dance to crazy live funk music and get inebriated off of elephant-death beer.
Been there many times and loved it every time. I tried many things from the menu and they are amazing especially for the spicy food lovers.
Prices are reasonable but the lunch porsions can be a little bigger.
soooo delicious! I really miss this place. The veggie dishes are flavored to perfection. The lunch specials are an amazing deal and the owners/servers are friendly and attentive.  I only wish they served organic produce and meats!
Something amazing happens at Cafe Lalibela. The bread (whatever it's called, screw you elitists) expands in your stomach and continues to do so for hours after the meal. Shortly thereafter, you will fall asleep for twelve hours. It isn't really that unpleasant - you just won't be hungry again for another two days.

The food is so great! And filling and hearty, and just GOOD! Nomnomnom. I've never eaten Ethiopian food before this, but somehow, it tastes like what Mom used to made. Warm, fuzzy feelings. If you can make it to dessert, have the Raspberry Mont Cake. It's a treat with several delicious raspberries at the base, surrounded by white chocolate mousse and a hard pyramid-shaped pink shell.

I am so happy to live down the street from this fine establishment.

NOM!
I honestly prefer the food served at the Blue Nile.  Too bad that Tina's Ethiopian Cafe in Chandler closed- her food was the tastiest I tried here in the valley.

While I do like the environment here, I really dislike the slow service.  My first visit was for lunch with a coworker, and we both enjoyed the lunch fare.  My friend's beef tasted almost like Filipino adobo.  I had a veggie plate that, while flavorful, did not make me want to recommend it to others.  I've since tried it two more times with group members of the Phoenix Vegetarian Society.  Still do not like the service here.  I've always noticed that tthe servers do not smile, and it's like squeezing blood from a stone to start a conversation with the staff.  Tina and the servers at Blue Nile ALWAYS smiled and conversed with me.

Lalibela's injera leaves me wanting for Blue Nile's better-tasting spongy bread. My aunt agrees with me, as well.  Also, the portions here are less than the portions I get elsewhere.
Lalibela is significantly better than Blue Nile, which is the other Ethiopian place in town.  Portions at Lalibela are larger and the food is also much better.  I've tried all kinds of different dishes, from the various meat dishes to some of the veggie dishes and even some of the interesting beverages they have, and it has all been good.  If you're looking for a unique but good dining experience, this is definitely a good place to go to.
I enjoyed this restaurant very much.  The food was good and tasted very "homemade".  I had the chicken, beef, and cabbage.  You can mix and match entrees or try one of their combinations.  There is a lot of flexibility and a lot of choices.  Of course, the main part of the meal is the bread, which is spongy and delicious.  The atmosphere is casual and service is friendly.  I will go back again.  It is good to eat something different once in a while.
This was real dissapointment because I really trusted the reviews but I realize there are couple of important factors. 1. this is college town 2. Az  (no offense) isn't the capital of great food. 3. a 20 yr palate is different from a 40+ yr old palate.
Sorry to be such a snob but truly this food was just okay. If you're a foodie and really know great Ethiopian I would suggest you don't eat here. while the wait staff are really wonderful the food was just okay, presentation is nothing like usual Ethiopian fare (family style). The Dobo Wat was ordinary and my favorite (Gomen) was tasteless. they didn't include that grumbly cheese and my Doro didn't have the typical egg. The sauce lacked flavor.
This is one excellent Ethiopian restaurant, rivals anything I've sampled in Washington DC or Seattle.  If I lived in Phoenix, this would be a Top-5 restaurant for me (along with Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles - yum!).

Lalibela takes a slightly different approach to their menu.  Many of the entrees are offered as small portions ($4.50-$6.00 each).  They suggest each diner order 2-3 of these to make a meal. Kitfo and Lamb Tibs dishes are offered as full entrees and like many Ethiopian restaurants, you can order combo plates (meat combo, veggie combo, house combo plate etc.).  This made deciding on our meal a little more complicated, but also offered more flexibility for sampling different dishes.

Our favorite dish ordered was the Lamb Tibs (the spicy version with Awaze spice paste).  Lamb was soooo tender, and the spices were a delight - rich in flavor but not too hot for those with tame palettes.  Good thing it comes as a full order - four of us were competing for bites!!  We ordered a half portion of Keye Wott (beef in a spicy brown sauce) that was some of the best I've ever had.  Again, rich in flavor but not too spicy.  My favorite Ethiopian meat dish is Kitfo - choice beef sort of like steak tartar (servered raw or lightly cooked) but with Ethiopian spices.  Lalibela's was pretty good, just not transcendent like the Lamb Tibs or Beef Keye Wott.  The vegetable dishes were on a whole excellent - especially the yellow lentils, gomen (collard greens) and spicy (Wott) lentils.

Staff was great - attentive, helpful service.  Unlike some Ethiopian restaurants, this one is very user-friendly.  Although in some cases  the menu accommodates American tastes it doesn't compromise on quality or authenticity.  One note on the injera (sponge-like bread used to scoop up the entrees) - it's a mix of wheat flour and teff (a grain indigenous to Ethiopia) and I don't think it's fermented like injera that is made with 100% teff.  I'm used to the latter, but you can argue Lalibela's injera doesn't compete with the flavor of the entrees as much.

All in all, one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, and I have been to many in the States.  Only problem now is whether my favorite Ethiopian restaurants in Seattle will still taste as good!  Highly, highly recommended.
I only have 1 wishes.....that I lived closer to Lalibela or that the'd open one closer to me.  I really enjoy their food.  It is flavorful and the price is great.  I always get the spicy combo, mild combo, collard greens and string beans and carrots.  Its plenty of food for 3 and super cheap, especially at lunch.  The injara (spongy sourdough pancake like bread you eat the food with) is delicious and high in protein.  They have really great desserts too.  Most definitely worth a trek if you don't live near by.  And if you do live close, I'm jealous.
Lalibela has the best Ethopian food around. The flavors are all amazing and everything --veggies and meat alike-- is stewed to perfection. I would recommend the "Lalibela Exclusive" or one of the other samplers. If you don't eat red meat, just ask them to substitute those portions with their favorite alternative. Try on the Ethopian teas or the delicious stout with your meal. The staff is also incredibly friendly and of course, everyone loves to eat with their hands, right?
This is very delicious, but the blue nile up the street is my favorite ethiopian.  I recommend everything but the lamb. I really like their doro wat, too. the shuro wat and collard greens. its very good.
Whenever I travel, I like to find an Ethiopian restaurant. It's usually in a part of town one wouldn't experience whilst staying in the business district. And it's usually an eatery, run by a husband and wife team, that's friendly to solo eaters, as I sometimes am.
On top of all that, Ethiopian food is HONEST--it's meat and veggies in straight-up yummy sauces, good for your body and mind!

Here in Tempe, Lalibela is a good example of that down-home mom-and-pop cooking, Eth-style.

It's also a great spot to bring your friends and family. When you do, try the sampler platters; they're the best way to eat Ethiopian, emphasizing the communal nature of the feast (eaten with hands, not flatware).

The teas are delicious too.
To consume what Lalibela's has to offer is essential to a proper functioning system. 

It's good for you. 

It's also great not to fret over utensils, and rather... use those fingers. 

GREAT!
I'm salivating thinking about the Lalibela Exclusive - the sampler plate for three. My friends and I ordered it and our pants were bursting at the seams when we were done! And we still hadn't cleaned house! I definitely recommend.
Granted, this restaurant has been my sole exposure to Ethiopian food, but it is _so_ good. For around $15-19 you can get an _enormous_ tray full of 10 or so different veggie and lamb/beef dishes,  all on a bed of sour injeera bread. Great for sharing between 4-5 people, with extra bread on the side. As long as your dining company doesn't mind eating "with their hands," you'll have a delicious, fun meal. Good thirst-quenching drinks too. Last time I was there, I wanted to try their "voted best in the valley" tiramisu for dessert, but they were out. :( Attentive service, still.
Don't be intimidated by this cuisine, it's excellent. Word of advice: go when you feel you're on the verge of dying from starvation. It's extremely filling and the portions are rather large. It's a great vegetarian option, as the veggie side of the menu eclipses the meat section. Some foods are mildly spiced, though the dishes are largely savory. Unfortunately, I can't remember the names of any of the dishes, minus the bread, injera, and the generic name for the dishes, wat. Injera is spongy in texture and the taste is reminiscent of sourdough, the wat dishes are essentially really thick stews that don't require a bowl. My personal favorite dish is the cabbage/carrot mixture. Don't worry that you don't see dinnerware, the server didn't forget. Instead, you tear off pieces of injera and pinch pieces of wat. On top of the basket of injera you'll get on the side, your food will be served on a large piece of it. This place is definitely a destination restaurant on Tempe's "restaurant row" between Priest and McClintock on University.
Cafe Lalibela is the best (of a total of two) Ethiopian restuarants here in the Valley. Tina's closed before I could get there, but Lalibela's food is on target.

As a vegetarian, I can only review those foods, but the veggie wats are flavorful, spiced right and completely filling. The lentil wats are delicious, and the lunch sampler earns you three different wats (servings of various dishes). The injera is really good here, and you must ask for more if you eat forkless, as Ethiopians do. 

The waitstaff is very friendly, and attentive. They're always smiling and patient, and I got to know them a bit when I worked in Tempe.

For lunch, get the (I'm giving my favorite secret away) spiced iced tea. They'll brew it for you cold, and it's a refreshing, herbal way to complete your lunch at Lalibela. For dinner, I prefer their Ethopian beer, which is one of the better Middle East/African beers I have had (blanking on the name).

Take friends or family here, and share a giant platter together. Get your hands dirty, sop up some wat with your injera, and have an experience here.
FIVE MEATS!  That beats our family staple of three per meal.  Oh, I guess you could get that by ordering a meat lovers pizza which would be served similarly on a round piece of dough, but you wouldn't be living on the edge - come on, real Ethiopian food served by Iman look-alikes!   Okay, it was only four different meats, chicken, fish, lamb, and two beef stews, but each was uniquely flavored - could have used some indicators about which was which - didn't really matter, we made it, the chick peas, lentils, and collard greens disappear so fast that names are meaningless.  Maybe the image of lean people ekeing out any type of sustenance from the land made our hands move from the communal platter to our mouths in a continuous rhythm while the food was plentiful.  That was my first experience with African food and the spongy sour crepe-like injera bread, and I can't wait to introduce the kids to finger eating!
This was my first foray into Ethiopian food and I was impressed.  It's a cross between Indian and Morroccan, with the wonderful addition of injera.  I loved the family style, non-utensil, get your fingers dirty style.  I had some definite favorites, but without labels on the 15 items I tried, I have no idea what my favorites were).  Looking forward to going back for more.
Yum! This place hit the spot last night. I had dinner plans with a friend and we were both craving something flavorful as usual, and also wanted to go somewhere we haven't been. Scared of encountering yet another lackluster Thai restaurant we decided to try Cafe Lalibela and convinced two other friends to go with us. I haven't had Ethiopian in awhile and it was like experiencing it all over again. 

The inside was small and quaint... and packed! However, after being told we'd have a 20 minute wait, we only had about 7, which was great because the smell in the place was exquisite and was starting to make my stomach sing. 

The four of us ordered the Lalibela Exclusive with the addition of an order of the Asa Wat, which was fish. I had a glass of Ethiopian honey wine to go with it. It was incredible. I was so glad we added the fish because that was by far my favorite, followed by the spicy beef. The cabbage and potatoes was pretty delicious too, though I didn't really find one thing I didn't care for. It was very flavorful and the injera was the perfect addition. The wine was great also. 

The service was pretty slow, which became an issue with us wanting to hit up sweet republic after and we had to hunt down our check ourselves. It wasn't enough that I wouldn't go back again though. And again. And again.
Cafe Lalibela is fantastic.  I love eating there because the food comes super quick and it tastes delicious.  It's healthy, tasty and fills you up for a long, long time.

I am, in no way, an authority on what makes for good Ethiopian food but I know what I likes, and this place I definitely likes.  I dig the atmosphere and the music that's always playing that totally makes me think of a smooth jazz station in Africa or something.  

Yesterday I went and got some grub here.  The food came quick as usual and it tasted extraordinary, as usual.  But, man, there were these damn kids running around.  These people sitting across from us must've brought like 8 goddamn kids with them.  Somewhere between 8 and 10 totally bad kids that ran around and were loud and singlehandedly gave me an aching headache.  If I wasn't a pussy, I would have told them that they're selfish, yuppie fuckheads.  What are you thinking bringing that many kids to a place without a ball-pit?  Kids don't wanna eat at a quiet restaurant, they want to jump around and swing around and shit before totally passing out somewhere.  That's what kids do.  I don't blame the kids for being bored... I'd do the same shit.  I blame the parents for being such retarded, wanna-be cultured fucks.  "We'll bring our sophisticated children to get African cuisine.  Mmmmyeessss.... that's what I plan to do with my afternoon."

There's not much the dude who works there could have done, unfortunately.  I mean, people who let their kids act like assholes would freak out if he told them that the kids were maddeningly loud.  They'd be like, "We're not paying the bill, shall never come back and will tell people there are rats in the food.  Whole rats.  No, it doesn't make sense but it's gross."

Aside from that one incident, the place is great.  I love it.  I don't eat here as often as I'd like.  Something tells me that with the monster gas this place gives me, I'd be super healthy and would benefit from hitting 'em up on the montly.

Fantastic-O.  Five stars.
Lalibela is my favorite lunch stop in Tempe. It is a great place to go to grab a quick $10 lunch with a friend. The service isn't the greatest, but because of the nature of Ethiopian food (everything is a stew) the dishes are delivered promptly. The only word of warning I have is to not get stuck in the back corner, as the server tends to forget the people back there. 

I always get the 4-6-8 for lunch, which consists of:

Misir wat (Red lentils with a little bit of heat, although the level of "hot" can tend to vary from day to day)
Tikil gomen (A delicious potato, carrot, and cabbage combo)
Azifah (Cold lentils, with a bit of jalapeno for flavor)

The Injera (bread, which doubles as your eating utensil) is perfect and spongy. Note: Don't order the "half and half" with rice and a half injera, instead get the full injera so you don't need to use a fork.

 If you want a fun, quick business lunch in Tempe, go to Lalibela
Lalibela is definitely an establishment for food connoisseurs; so if you unfortunately happen to be a good ol' fashioned American (gosh darn it!), requiring your plate of food super-saturated with salt, submerged in boiling lard, priorly frozen, served in a bag, or lacking any sort of flavor other than greasy; then this is not the place for you: for all others, a must. 

WE recommend getting one of the three-combination plates (the vegetarian or the MEAT are both excellent) during lunch hours, only $7.99; and it comes with a free fountain drink. Plus, you must try Injera (Ethiopian flat bread). Also as a side note, their Ethiopian beer is surprisingly quite tasty; and it pairs well with the food. 

What will it taste like may you ask? Think of this, imagine for a second that if it was at all possible for a plate of delicious Indian cuisine to somehow mange reproduction with a full-of-flavor-and-spice plate of Persian cuisine with the ending result a sexy Ethiopian platter of food baby. And there it is--in your mouth.
Went for the first time today with my sister for lunch. Small and quaint restaurant. Service was fast and efficient. 

I had never had Ethiopian food before, and had been putting it off because honestly, it just didn't *sound* like something I would eat. boy I was wrong- it was very good! Flavorful, and just filling enough without making you feel stuffed. I wasn't sure how spicy it would be, so I ordered the mild beef. It wasn't spicy at all, so I know that next time (and yes, there will be a next time) I will be braver in my ordering. :-)
Wow, I do not get why so many people like this place unless they like it because it is ethnic and different.
I went with a group of friends, some of whom are vegetarian. We had 3 children with us. It is in a strip mall on University. It has very basic decorating. The owner was our waiter, his wife was in the restaurant and so was his child who ran around the whole time.
We ordered 2 of the large assortment platters where you get a scoop of everything. We ordered injera bread and various drinks. I frankly felt overcharged for scoops of food that were CLEARLY not freshly prepared but froma steam table. Who knows when it was prepared! Sorry if you do not agree but food from a steam table is not worhty of the price they charge. I will not go back again. This is not the first Ethiopian restaurant we have been to and not the best.
Dinner for two on a Friday night at 6:45 with no wait!  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  I had the hot coffee leaf tea (or something like that) which was good, much like a traditional black tea, not too strong.  My friend tried the honey wine, which she liked.  It tasted much like mead I've had in the past, sweet with a good kick of alcohol.  We got the chef's favorite and vegetable sample plates, everything on it was good.  I'm not sure what the cheese like stuff is, it was a bit bland, but I guess it was probably meant to be sprinkled over the salad.  Lalibela's will be thrown into my rotation when I'm feeling like something a little different.
Took some friends here the other night, following the Tempe Oktoberfest, and had the big platter (plenty for four of us).  It was tasty, as always, and I think the newbies enjoyed it as well.  For those concerned about trying this cuisine for the first time, just imagine that it's like Italian meets Indian food.  At least that worked for us.  Definitely check this out.
We went with other CS in our culinary tour. They were kind to sit all of us (more than 20 persons). Good service, and the ladies were patient to take our order. We had the party trays, which says it is for 3, but it was good for 5 average persons. You get to try more than 4 different things and be satisfied. 

It is all about trying...and this is a good place to start!
Definitely worth a visit. A lot like Efes in food style. I wish the bread was more pita-esque. Personal preference of mine. A little disconcerting at the bottom of the plate when everyone's bare-knuckling it into the grub.
I love it. I mean, I LOVE doro wat. Always have. I have been looking for good Ethiopian food ever since I left Los Angeles and I almost feel like a jerk for saying Lalibela is not the best I've ever had, but it is a close second. Besides, Ethiopian food happens to be my favorite so you really can't give me anything in any Ethiopian restaurant that I'm not going to inhale. 
The best part about this place is that you can order a single-serve plate. Meaning, if you are a party of two (which we were), you are not forced to order one huge plate meant for three or four and share it by reaching across the table at each other. My date, Uncle S.P., ordered the same dish as I (chicken, beef, lentils, salad) and I added a glass of what I think is a pretty good Pinot Noir for $5! The two of us left there stuffed to the gills for around $40. I could have used more spice (as in heat); maybe I'll ask for that next time. The injera is really good, too - good, fluffy texture that just melts in your mouth.
Best vegetarian resteraunt in the valley. You will not find anything better. A++
Dont let the name ethiopian get in the way. Try it for yourself.
This place used to be a favorite lunch spot of mine when I was living nearby! It was always so tasty, colorful and fun! The service was always pretty good! My only complaint is that my belly was always quick fill to up with injera... that stuff is intense and soaks up everything. I think there's still some down in my stomach lingering from last year.
I was encouraged to join my Aunt and Mother at this restaurant for some traditional Ethiopian food.  My Aunt is from Dallas, and works with some Ethiopians and said that the food was great.  Had a ton of flavor and was something different.  I was completely out of my comfort zone, but I said "what the hell?" and went along for the ride.

I certainly am glad that I did. I have been back several times.  We had one of the traditional combination meals to be shared by the three of us.  It was great.  

For those like myself who have never eaten Ethiopian food before, here is a little run down of what goes on.  First, you order as a group and their serve your platter family style.  They give you some injera, which is like a pita or tortilla that you use to then pinch your food as you eat bite by bite.  The injera is somewhat gummy, and has an unusual texture which definitely takes getting used to.  If you visualize grabbing some hummus with a piece of pita bread, that is what you are doing when eating your food.  It's more of a pinch than a scoop, but I think you catch my drift.  The different food that they place on the platter is called Wat.  My favorite was the doro wat.  The coffee was excellent as well at Lalibela.

The restaurant itself is nothing too spectacular, but it didn't bother me.  It was extremely clean, and you could tell that care was put into everything about the restaurant.  The staff was very helpful, and showed pride for their product and their country.  I look forward to coming back again.
I was lucky enough to get to dine at two Ethiopian places during my last week in Phoenix.  After Blue Nile, I was dying to experience Lalibela and get another taste of Ethiopian food.

I came here during lunch, and I have to say their specials were awesome.  $7.99 for your choice of 3 options of meat or vegetarian, injera or rice, and a drink.  Pretty good deal if I do say so myself.

I settled on the veggie options of the two lentil dishes and the green beans and carrots with injera.  My guy got the three meat dishes and injera.

The food came quickly, and I have to say these portions are much bigger than Blue Nile.  And I think these might be a bit tastier.  I loved the spicy lentils and the beans and carrots.  And the sauces in my guy's meat dishes were equally amazing.

Now that I've popped my Ethiopian cherry, I'm determined to learn how to cook some damn good Ethiopian food.  I doubt it can match this place, but I'm not going to be finding Ethiopian in Salem and I need my fix!
Right across the street from two Tempe favorites, Cornish Pasty Co., and Cheba Hut, Lalibela completes a triangle of great Tempe spots.

This restuarant is better than Blue Nile in every way. It's nicer, the food is better, the portions are larger, and the service is nicer.

The prices are very reasonable too, and their sourdough like bread is tremendous.
Finally got to go here again for my 2nd time after a long wait from the 1st time.  I enjoy this place, it is very different that almost anywhere else we go both in food and atmosphere.  The lunch special is very affordable and gives you a chance to try 3 different foods.
I had Ethiopian food for the first time in Solvang, CA and fell in love. I tend to like tangy food and boy did this cuisine deliver. Rich, savory, tangy flavors.. *Drools*

This place has delicious, authentic, affordable food and good service. The only thing lacking is the environment. The setting is a bit boring and dated.
I took my girlfriend to Cafe Lalibela for Valentine's Day, because no Hallmark holiday would be complete without injera and spicy lentils. She was an Ethiopian neophyte and also has a spice disability, so she ordered the mild beef stew, collard greens and the homemade cheese, which was similar to feta, but milder and not as salty. I ordered the Vegetarian combo: collard greens, the cabbage and carrots, green salad and lentils. The novelty of using an neatly rolled spongy napkin as a utensil makes me blissfully content and causes a childlike glee at subverting the norm. The did not have honey wine, which was a disappointment, but we did order the hot tea with cardamon, cinnamon and other treats. The portions were more than filling, although the garlic in the collard greens would cause the entire cast of Twilight to run for the hills. Overall, it was a lovely meal and I would give it two food stained thumbs up.
I had been waiting for my extra weekly cheat meal to try this place. I finally got sick of waiting and went for my Sat night feast. I have regrets.. regrets that I didn't go sooner!

This was absolutely delicious. I went with two other people and we ordered the "Lalibela Exclusive." This is primarily a combination of their meat dishes with a few of the vegetable options. Sadly I wont be able to review in detail as I usually do because there was so much on the plate I could not remember what exactly was what. There was nothing on that combination that I didn't like. There were a few things I liked more then others but everything was tasty.

I don't think I would recommend this place for a "first date" but would be a fun night out for an established relationship. The whole messy, eating with your hands, making a big mess, just doesn't seem like the best first impression material ;)

What I have found sucks the most about trying all of these new places is that I want to go back right away and cant :( I felt this way about both Lalibela and Los Compadres.. But the list of places to try is big and I'm having a GREAT time doing it.

injera:
This is your fork for dinner. Its a light airy tortilla/pancake like bread made of teff flour. Pretty sure this stuff expands in the stomach because we were all surprised how full we got and how quickly.

Pros:
Great combination pricing. Three of us walked away stuffed, having tried nearly 3/4 of their menu for about $15 including tip.

Plenty of seating even for a busy Saturday night.

Very sweet wait staff.

Cons:
Kitchen/Service is a little slow

Communal eating is fun but easy to spread germs. Make sure everyone is healthy and with freshly washed hands :)

Pretty sure my hands will smell delicious for a few days.
I've lived in this part of Tempe for years and years and have driven/biked/walked past Cafe Lalibela at least a million times. I knew nothing about Ethiopia or Ethiopian cuisine and even though I love trying new places, this was never on my list. 
What a fool I was. 
I loved the smell in the restaurant. I'm not sure if it was curry, but that's what it reminded me of. 
The menu taught me new words like Wat and Injera. So not only did I leave feeling satisfied with a delicious meal, but I'm smarter now too! Hooray!
You eat with your hands, which kinda weirded me out, but then I got into it. I split the meat platter and a bowl of the lentil/tomato soup with another person and it was more than enough for both of us. The meats were spicy and flavorful and the thin, spongy sourdough bread was divine. 
They have been in business for about 15 years, so go them!! They are not just doing something right, they are doing everything right. Cafe Lalibela is a triumph and Tempe is a better city because of this restaurant.
My first Ethiopian experience in AZ.  Jared's first Ethiopian experience ever!  

Friday night - no food in the house - I throw around ideas of places to go, Jared nixes them... this is how the evening started.  But somehow I convinced him to get in the car and head towards Tempe.  I knew there were some Ethiopian joints, and I somehow convinced him to try Lalibela!  We both really enjoyed it!

Mona was our waitress... and she suggested we share the #16 (Meat Combination) and #17 (Vegetable Combination) to give us a variety of dishes.  That would've been plenty, but I also wanted to try the #10 (Shiro Wat / Ground Peas), so we had that too... oh and since Jared was starving, he ordered a Shorba (Lentil Soup) to start.  

The soup was just ok, but the food was delicious!  We loved the injera (Ethiopian Bread).  and used it to eat the variety of dishes served on a big platter.  Our favorites were the Gomen (collard greens), Fosolia (string beans and carrots), and Key Sega Wat (spicy beef stew), but literally everything was good... we were stuffed after almost cleaning the platter!

I have some friends that have more adventurous palates (ahem, Colleen C), so I look forward to sharing more Ethiopian meals with them at Lalibela in the future!

And one last thing:  for anyone questioning Ethiopian eating etiquette, it says on the front of the menu that "traditional Ethiopian etiquette disapproves of licking fingers while eating (even though it may be tempting to do so).  I hope that anyone that shares future meals with me at Cafe Lalibela will adhere to this too.
The food was flavorful and plenty of it. Eating with only your fingers is quite fun - make your momma proud. My girlfriend won the best dish of the night - lentils and chicken and cabage/carrots. It all had kind of sweetish/bitterish/spicy flavor. I had the lamb and jalapeo dish, which was kind of greasy. You eat with your fingers and can scoop up the food with the bread they give you - a tartish type crepe, which goes well with the food. I'd be happy to go back and try something different.  If you are used to frozen pizzas and Burger King, you might want to stick with that as this experience might bit be as enjoyable as those who are more open to what they consume.
This is not the most authentic Ethiopian food, but it is one of the better ones in AZ. The food was full of flavor and spice. The sour injera (spongy bread) with alicha sega wat (beef stew) is delicius. I also enjoy getting the combos which includes three different stews. It's a great way to find out what you like.
I've heard all the jokes..."Ethiopian food? I thought they didn't have food in Ethiopia?" Hilarious. Now go and try this place!

It's basically piles of meats (Wat) or veggies cooked slowly with lots of flavors and served on Injera, a sourdough-tasting spongy bread that resembles a large crepe. You tear off pieces and scoop up the forms of Wat or veggies. I cannot pick a favorite of the meats, although the Alicha Sega Wat is very good. I love the Misir Wat (lentils) and Gomen (collard greens - very garlic-y).

Save room for dessert. A little known fact, but they have some of the Valley's best Tiramisu. I happen to love their Tres Leches cake also. A smooth sweet finish to an otherwise spice-filled meal.
I reeeeaaalllyyyyy wish that I could give this a 4, but I can't do that in good conscience.  The food was great, but the service was downright abysmal.

In a fit of random adventurousness, I thought it would be fun to try a new kind of food for me.  I'm typically a weenie and afraid of anything "weird" so this is a big deal for me.  We drove out here on Friday night and at around 6 or so the restaurant was about half full.  We stood at the door for entirely too long while we waited to be seated.  When we were at our table, we waited entirely too long to get menus.  When we knew what we wanted, we waited entirely too long to place our order.  You get the idea.  Thankfully the food came out fairly quickly.  

I ordered the vegetarian plate that had collard greens, some kind of cabbage/carrot/potato thing, red lentils, and some bean/carrot/onion thing.  As with all dishes, it was served with the injera, a weird sourdough crepe thing.  I was a little weirded out that the bread thing was served cold, but I got used to it quickly enough.  Everything on my plate was yummy, but if I were to rank it, my favorite would be the lentils, followed by the collard greens, then the potato, then the carrot/bean thing.  

Eating here was a fun experience for sure, and not having any silverware definitely made for some creative feeding procedures.  I would probably come back here if the mood for Ethiopian food struck me again, but I would really hope that the service would be better.  Since everyone else mentions great service, I am going to assume we came at an "off" time.
I'm going to be more forgiving of the service than my wife was.  This place has some awesome food and it comes out pretty quick too.  Yes, it took forever to get the waitress to come over but once she did, we had our food in about 5 minutes.

I really wish I knew what I was eating.  It was the "Chef's Favorite Combination" which was chicken, collard greens, and something called ayeb which was cheese of some sort.  The whole thing comes on some weird flat bread.  It was really good.  I would go back, without a doubt.
The food is consistently phenomenal here.  There are plenty of vegetarian options (meat as well) and all the vegetarian food is also vegan. 

It is a family-owned place I think, and cozy. At least one of the servers seems totally depressed to be there. I think she resents it when you need something -- my main reason for only 4 stars. 

We just love eating here! I definitely recommend it if you're not afraid to stray from American meat + potatoes.
Ethiopian is so tasty, especially at Lalibela. Blue Nile is good but Lalibela is better taste-wise. Great prices too.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
A slight bit short on atmosphere, but who cares when the food is that good? I could eat here every day.
Sooooo, there's a lot on my mind.  The economy is in terrible condition.  We're being labeled as racists, we're still mired in multiple wars, I really want the Heat to suck this year but am afraid they won't, I think I'm gaining weight, losing my hair, and I am certain that my right foot is bigger than my left.

But you know the worst thing about my life right now?

No meat.  If only I was talking about the musical group, but alas.  My father passed away last week so to respect Buddhist beliefs, no meat for 49 days.  So what is a bacon guzzling, sausage stuffing ( shame on you for having a dirty mind!), carnivorous soul going to do?

Eat at Lalibela Cafe of course!  

Walking in, I was a little wary of the $50 authentic Ethiopian attire in a basket as you walk in.  Better not be a tourist trap, I am thinking.  Continuing to look around, it felt a little cluttered but not too much so, with some interesting art and more clothing on the walls to peruse.  I was running a little behind on time as I had originally intended to go to Byblos which was closed for renovations until August 20th, so I cut short my examination of the decor to order.  

I ordered the Vegetarian Sampler (7.99), which is your choice of 3 out of 5 dishes to go along with the injera or rice.  I also had the Yekemem Shai (2.50) black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves cold, which was a refreshing drink. 

The Masir Wat, red split lentils simmered in hot sauce and herbs, was delicious and made me not miss meat so much, with a texture reminiscent of ground beef and a spicy flavor that was subtle but satisfying.  Tikil gomen, lightly spiced cabbage, carrots and potatoes was also a winner, with an almost buttery finish.  Gomen, chopped collard greens cooked with garlic and onions was the only component that was merely okay, with the flavors being a little too mild for my taste, but by no means bad.  The injera itself was a quiet partner in the backdrop of all these flavors, slightly sour and spongy.

While no one checked in on my meal, no one had to, as I was quite pleased and didn't need a refill.  The initial service was fast and efficient as well, even with only 2 on the waitstaff and about 15 people coming in right around when I did.

So you know what?  Our economy is going to recover.  I might be a little racist but who isn't?   Wars are just disagreements taken too far, Lebron will remain crownless, I'm just big-boned, there's always Rogaine or a toupee, and I can always get custom shoes where the right is bigger than the left, and I have Lalibela Cafe to thank for putting me in this frame of mind.

Thanks for a great lunch, and I'll be back often, meat or no meat!
Ethiopian cuisine at it's best; Cafe Lalibela is the alpha while that other Ethiopian restaurant in Tempe, which shall remain nameless, is the obvious beta. 
Every experience i have had here has been first rate. Not once have i been let down or treated poorly; whether i was on my best behaviour mimicking an upright citizen square or fried out of my mind on mushrooms draped in paisley- the lovely ladies at Lalibela serve me luscious mouth-watering ethnic delicacies regardless of my pupil's dilations or contractions.
Your first encounter with Ethiopian cuisine could be intimidating for the casual newb, but your curiosity will serve you well! I had no clue what to order when i first came here, so i asked my server and she steered me in the right direction.
If i remember correctly, my first time consisted of Doro Wat, collared greens and a heavily spiced wat mixture of cabbage, carrots and onion. 
Since, i have tried nearly everything on the menu save the fish wat, whose name escapes me, and every item has been so delictable! You really can't go wrong when you can order a meal for two for under $15 and still have left overs for the both of you. 
Cafe Lalibela is a students dream! Cheap prices, exotic flavours, quiet unrushed atmosphere, perfect for a long study/homework session and a grande meal to take the edge off.
I love you Lalibela and I only hope we have many more happy years together!
My first experience with Ethiopian food! I was hesitant, as it is a cuisine I knew little-to-nothing about, but holy moly - I was so surprised. Four girlfriends and I ordered the vegetarian exclusive (I believe it's called) which is meant for three people, so we also ordered the vegetarian platter meant for one. We hardly finished the exclusive, there was so much food! Everything is SO tasty. I was worried about the injera, as I have friends who don't like the consistency of it. I really loved the fresh sourdough taste of it, though, especially mixed with the flavors of the different wats. 

After my first visit, I was so excited to take my boyfriend there - we made dinner plans with friends of ours within two weeks of my first trip! I absolutely LOVE Lalibela and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite stops for delicious vegetarian food!
This was my second try at Ethiopian food in a week.  Wasn't quite as impressed with the dining experience as many though still a great place if you are ever wanting to at least try Ethiopian for your first time.

I ordered the ethnic stout and my partner in crime had the tea.  The stout was a few hops away from being an IPA, a little too much for me but the tea was very delicious after it cooled down from its molten plasma form to a more drinkable liquid.  We ordered the spicy combination along with the goat selection and brown lentils.  I'm a spicaholic and the berbere definitely gave each of the dishes a nice kick.  The beef dish was cubed just right for picking up in bite sized morsels but the chicken needed to get handled with with hands to tear pieces away.  The injera was really sticky and not quite dried out yet which is where the problems were later in the meal.  

After you get about halfway through your meal by scooping it up with the injera provided in the basket the rest is usually able to be eaten with the layer of injera below your food selections.  Because it was already so moist the moisture from the food completely disintegrated the injera as I tried to pick it up.  I had to order another basket of fresh injera in order to clean up the plate.  

In conclusion, great food but I definitely recommend ordering a second helping of injera right off the bat if you are ordering a platter for two or more people.
Lalibela was my first real foray into Ethiopian food. I hadn't ever had a full meal of Ethiopian food but I had tried it off of friend's plates when they had picked some up. I had really liked it and always wanted to order it but I just never got around to it. Recently, I noticed Lalibela while getting food from another restaurant nearby and decided to try it. I ordered the Spicy Combination, which comes with doro wat, kye sega wat, and misir wat. I love spicy food and this was perfect. It was not so spicy that you couldn't taste the food but exactly spicy enough to satisfy my constant spicy craving. The chicken and beef in the doro wat and kye sega wat, respectively, were super tender and delicious. The misir wat was great as well, and had a perfect blend of herbs and spices in the sauce. The injera was plentiful, they really give you a large portion. It was very soft and tasty. Food came out really fast too which was nice. All in all I had a really great experience with Ethiopian food from Lalibela and will be going back there for more!
When it comes to traditional Ethiopian fare, this joint can't be beat in the valley.  My favs?  The Shorba Soup (a vegetarian take on the traditional Shorba) and the Misir Wat (a spiced red lentil dish).  And while it's not Ethiopian, the Tiramasu is a must-have!
I love this place!!!
We had previously been fans of a place in Tucson, and were a bit weary of trying a new place, having heard negative feedback from friends who ate at a Phoenix location.Hopeing this was not that location, we decided to try it!
It is a small diner like location tucked into a corner shopping plaza. It was not fancy, but had great authentic decor. 
It was clear immediately that this was a family owned place, which to me, typically means better, more authentic eating. I was right!
We were quickly seated and the waitress was very friendly and attentive. We ordered the meat combo, some mild lamb,  and a spicy split pea dish.
When the waitress delivered our meal ( about 2 minutes after ordering) it was in fact the veggie combo, not so good for my husband, Captain Carnivore. 
She noticed this immediately, and not only brought us what we originally ordered, but let us keep the veggie platter free of charge! This made for a lot of food, but gave us the chance to try a bit of everything.
The food was awesome! 
My favorite part of Ethiopian food has always been the aspect of dining as a community of friends, as opposed to selfishly hoarding your individual plate, bragging to others of your current experience, maybe allowing a taste to your friends. These dishes are brought out combined on a platter on a spread of special bread, which you use instead of utensils to eat your food, free for all in your party to experience!

Our favorites were the spicy beef, spicy chicken, mild lamb, and spicy split pea lentil concoction.

We left full, and happy, with a box full of leftovers to enjoy tomorrow!!
No more having to wait for those long trips to Tucson!
Eat Here!!!
love it, go whenever I'm in the tempe area and get a chance.
IT'S VERY NON THREATENING, even a fussy eater will love it.   I have been eating here since 1997. It was half the size back then.  They did very well and needed more space and took over Rasta-Tangs spot next door and expanded the restaurant to double it's capacity.  Since then waiting for a table is rare. 

The food is amazing. The Ethiopian HONEY wine is available to buy by the bottle.  I buy it and guests at my home are always impressed. After running 10 miles in the morning I like to go here to get my Injeera (pancake bread) carbo stores back up. The meats you can pick from are all great.  I always ask for extra Injeera, can't get enough of it :) 

I have been to the other similar restaurant in Tempe.  No comparison.  I tried it twice to make sure.. it wasn't even close. Lunch specials come with a drink and are served very quickly for those on  a lunch break.
Went last night as a group of four adults and one picky toddler.  I had tried Ethiopian (only as takeout) a few months ago and due to being preggers could only enjoy it briefly before the smell overwhelmed me. My friend had tried it years ago and did not like it and both our husbands had never tried Ethiopian cuisine.  I'll cut to the chase...we all really enjoyed our meals! Even my toddler mastered the art of using the injera bread to scoop up yummy food.

Unsure of whether we would like the food or not hubby and I opted to share an individal platter, figuring our kid would only pick at the food at best.  We went with the Meat Combo, #16 I think, and it had doro wat, and two other wats (spicy and mild beef stews).  I added gomen, which are the greens, because I do remember those being very tasty from my previous try.  I LOVED the Doro Wat and Gomen! 

It was a lot of food for us--even with my daugter eating a good amount of it--and we ended up taking home leftovers. Our friends both ordered separate individual platters and had waaaaay too much food left over. We finished off our meal with the chocolate mousse cake which was delicious.  Our meal (platter and dessert) was just under $30.  

The place is nothing to look at--no frills at all, but that was not what we expected anyway.  The only thing I would have enjoyed more was if our injera bread had been served warm.  Otherwise, we all had a really good time and enjoyed our meals. Definitely will return.
I had the mild platter, with the mild beef, lamb and some sort of veggie dish. The flavors were excellent, and all melded well together. It went very well with the light Ethiopian beer. I was interested in trying an Ethiopian dessert, but they didn't have any that night. Very fast service without being pushy.
I had a really good experience here with the vegetarian dishes. Ethiopian Cuisine is by far my favorite and I try to eat it wherever I travel. This restaurant did not let me down. Don't be afraid, if it's your first time just dive right in. Injeera bread can seem foreign to those not familiar with the food, but it's incredibly good and good for you! Most dishes are stewed, some are spicy. Lentils, chick peas, greens and other vegetables are common and vegetarians should not have any trouble eating here.
I visited Lalibela for lunch and ordered the 3 item special with chicken, beef and red lentils.  The chicken and red lentils were great - moist and flavorful, and some of the best Ethiopian I've ever had.  The beef was good, but not as good as the chicken or lentils.

I'm a little bit conflicted on how to rate the experience, because although the food was delicious during consumption, the aftereffect was a feeling similar to being repeatedly punched in the stomach.  As good as the food was, due to the heaviness, I probably won't be back.
Ok I'm somehow still surprised to find good food in the area but I think that's because I'm only ever a visitor.  I stumbled across this gem while looking for coffee.  There's a walkup or drive through (no inside seating) starbucks in the same strip mall.  The place looked nice enough inside I had work to do so I got some take out.

Doro Wat is quite good though could always be spicier (I know that's a personal preference though).  Also I would have liked some hard boiled egg in the container.  It normally comes on the platter.  Lastly the Doro wat was a little oilier than I would have expected.

The gomen (collard greens) is delicious- a little salty and buttery tasting with big pieces of garlic. The misir wat (red lentils) is also delicious.

The injera is thin and delicate but doesn't have any of the hint of sour I remember from other places.  This is neither bad nor good - just an observation.

in all I'd happily go back.  If on my next visit to the area I find they have honey wine I'll be upgrading the rating if only because it seems hard to find.

One last negative: I found a long hair in the bottom which definitely does not belong to me and since my wife is in Chicago I have to think it belongs to someone I don't know.
For a taste of the exotic, the allure of eating without utensils, and a journey to Ethiopia...Lalibela is your dining destination.  

Although this cozy restaurant is located in a strip mall in Tempe, the African art, woven baskets, and boxes of Harar in the hall (Ehtiopian Lager, which is delicious!) give you a small sense that you have stepped into another world.

This illusion stays well preserved as you peruse the menu and realize you have never seen anything like it, starting with your inability to pronounce "Yekik Alicha" (split peas).

But do not be daunted by this new territory.  Start your adventure to Ethiopia with the "Yekemem Shai," a black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves.  If you are new to Ethiopian, and not sure what to get, the Lalibela Exclusive is the most fantastic combination of dishes you can sample.  Here, you will have a smattering of meat and vegetarian dishes ranging from "Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat" (lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs) to my personal fave, the "Yekik Alicha" (split peas cooked with onion, turmeric and herbs).

Once the food arrives, the basket of "injera" (bread closely resembling a crepe) will become your eating utensils.  Don't be shy, tear off a piece, and use it to scoop the delicious morsels off the plate and into your expectant mouth.  You will not be disappointed.  In fact, you may feel as though you have just stepped off University and into a traveling caravan in the Ethiopian desert.

Whether you are a carniverous adventurer, or a vegetarian swashbuckler - you will enjoy the richness and flavors of this unique cuisine. Bring a large appetite, as the food is quite filling.  Dominant meats are beef, chicken and lamb.  Savory veggies to be enjoyed are lentils, peas, cabbages, and collard greens.

For a lovely gustative to finish your meal, order a glass of the traditional Ethiopian sweet wine made from honey.

Overall, from the service to the food, to the ambiance, an excellent place to bring friends, or a date ;)
We ended up here sort of by accident. We had a $25 gift certificate to use so we went on a double date with another couple. We got the biggest platter they had, that pretty much had a little bit of everything. Right this second, I couldn't even tell you what everything was, but I do know it was all amazing. the flavours were impeccable, and bold. Even the vegetarian dishes were flavourful and different. They don't give you silverware, instead you get a basket of the Ethiopian sourdough flatbread to pick the food up with. It's a very communal way to eat, and we loved it! Go with a group, it's a fun way to spend an evening. Go as a couple, it's an intimate way to eat, and using your fingers to eat has always been considered sexy. ;-) The staff is friendly, and the place filled up quick after we got there. If you want to try something new, try this place! We were VERY pleasantly surprised!
I have been eating Ethiopian food since my first experience in Washington DC in 1988 and it was a revelation. It's just so tasty and familiar ( the vegetarian dishes remind me of homemade cuban dishes- no surprise since one of the influences of Cuban cuisine is african spices ). 

We are lucky to have Cafe Lalibela in the valley as it's one of the best of it's kind. I have eaten Ethiopian in New York City, Detroit, Chicago, Paris, Toronto , LA and of course, Washington DC. The food is  totally delicious, and many of the vegetarian entrees are low calorie. I have tried some Ethiopian recipes at home but they just can't compare to their food. 

The service is ok, I wish the waitress that always serves us would smile more and make us feel more at home, but after a while you get used to it. We always have to ask for more injera because she never asks. I have tried The Blue Nile, which is good, but the food here is tastier. It can be a little pricey considering the amounts you get, but well worth it cause it's delicious. One on my favorite restaurants in the valley.
I found this little gem thanks to a friend's recommendation.  The Spicy Meat Combo plate wasn't terribly hot (medium heat at best), but savory and delicious.  While good, the injera was fairly mild and didn't have as strong of a yeasty tang that I typically expect.

The iced black tea with chai spices ("Yekemem Shai") is a perfect accompaniment to the meal: the bright flavors provided a refreshing, palate-cleansing break between bites.
So I'm in the middle of a fast. It's vegan with even more restrictions. 
Needless to say my dining options are very limited. 
Lalibela seemed to be the perfect choice. The staff was so friendly and we were seated immediately. 
We ordered the Vegetarian Exclusive even though there was only two of us. 
The water tastes good here which is becoming harder to find. 
The food arrived quickly and tasted fabulous. The different lentil dishes were my favorite along with the yellow peas. 
The injera was very good. 

The restaurant was almost full but remained extremely quite. It is a very relaxing place to dine.
My boyfriend and I came here for an early dinner. Neither of us know much about Ethiopian food so we opted for the Lalibela Exclusive to share. It was a little more pricey but came with tons of food and choices. We dominated the entire meal and then shared a slice of tiramisu made homemade by our waiter. The service was great and the atmosphere authentic. We'll be coming back!
So good. Just, really very good.

I should be clear, though: I love Ethiopian food. The injera, the spicy lentils and meats, the coffee and the tea--really, the only thing stopping me from eating here all the time is the blandness of my friends' food tastes, because I suck at eating alone and they are too boring to venture out of their usual habits more than once every month or two.

But back to the point of things: Cafe Lalibela is excellent. It's vegan friendly, it's well made, the service is great, the atmosphere is light, the prices are reasonable, and the whole experience will likely leave you with good memories, especially the first time you try it. 

I can't speak highly enough of the service, either--they are always ready to help without being intrusive or cloying, a balance which can be so hard to find.  This is one of my favorite date restaurants, and I recommend it to you as such, with of course the usual caveats that you should make sure she is okay with eating Ethiopian food.

If you're a fan of the cuisine already, I doubt you'll be disappointed, and if you're looking to try it for the first time, this is your best bet.
I had sworn off Ethiopian food after not liking the bread at my first Ethiopian restaurant. This place has reversed my view. I just ate here for a second time in a week. I have had the beef and chicken stew. I love how tender the meat is and the spices they use. I also like how they prepare their collard greens. Their homemade cheese was a pleasant surprise--not as salty as I expected. I was happily surprised by the bread. I was expecting something with the texture of a sponge or carpet--not that I know what either tastes like. Their bread is slightly sponge-y but closer to crepe wraps. The ladies that work the front are perfectly nice. It's funny to see a mom and pop place like this next to a Papa John's Pizza. I am now a fan of Ethiopian food.
This place was wonderful. $7.99 for lunch. Quick service. Friendly staff. Great food.
A few weekends ago my sister and I decided to try Ethiopian cuisine.  Wanted to try something different so we went to Lalibela on a Sunday night.  The restaurant isn't fancy by any means.  I had no idea what the food was going to be like but we were pleasantly surprised.  The staff was very helpful especially in the menu choices.  We chose the veggie and meat combos respectively.  The only thing we weren't too fond of on the place was the collared greens.  Everything else was delicous.

If you've never eaten Ethiopian before its a trip.  Instead of regular utensils there is a bread called injera which is kind a spongey flatbread.  Basically you scoop up what you want to eat with said bread.  They do serve beer did not try any, the chai tea was very tasty. Subdued and not too spicy.  The meals seem to be served family style for sharing which is perfect for small groups.  If you are willing to step outside the bounds of conventional dining you will definitely enjoy the experience.
i haven't been to many ethiopian restaurants, perhaps only two or three aside from lalibella....and maybe i'm just impartial to ethiopian food in general, because there's never been an ethiopian meal that i haven't enjoyed. 

the only reason i don't give it five stars, is that i've eaten at another ethiopian place that had a bit more flavor and variety on their menu, and was for those reasons unforgettable (it also had a buffet!). unfortunately, the name escapes me and unfortunately it's also almost a thousand miles away from where i now abide...

i have never eaten (at any ethiopian place) anything other than vegetarian food. the red lentils at lalibela are particuarly good. even alone, they taste as satisfying as meat..the injera is very good too. 

anyone else i've ever taken here eats meat, and has ordered accordingly to their carnivorous tastes, and enjoyed what they ordered. (two people raved about the lamb).

the only drawback, though it is no fault of lalibela, is that i can't understand how someone could eat this type of food often because it is so filling, but that might just be me.
Based on Yelp reviews, my husband and I have been enjoying Lalibela's delicious food for several years.  We calendar in a visit every time we travel to Phoenix.

Haven't had a disappointing meal. The first time we ordered the sampler platter.  It was huge and provided a terrific array of their tasty vegetable and meat dishes.  My current favorite is the spicy beef and chicken with a side of green beans and carrots.  My husband loves the meat combination.  My descriptions don't do the dishes justice.  The spice and flavor combinations are so deliciously wonderful.

Wish Lalibela's was closer to home.  We would eat there all the time.
I tried Cafe Lalibela (and Ethiopian food) for the first time recently with a friend. 

I got the Mild Combination: yebeg alicha sega wat (cubed lamb), alicha sega wat (cubed beef), and fosolia (string bean concoction). The lamb and beef were fairly interchangable as far as taste, but both were excellent cuts of meat and the sauce they were in was very tasty. The fosolia (string bean) was not to my liking, but I think this is a personal preference as my friend tried it and liked it. Something about the seasoning just wasn't my cup of tea.

Speaking of tea, I also got a cup of Yekemem Shai (black tea with cinnamon, cardamom, and cloves). This not only smelled delicious, but it tasted fantastic. I normally sugar my tea, but I drank this one without sugar and it was all the better for it. I highly recommend this tea if you visit Cafe Lalibela!!

Also, the waitress was friendly and helpful when choosing off the menu. 

I will be going back to this restaurant again! Good stuff.
I don't know why it took me so long to try Lalibela. Tucked away in a typical tempe strip mall, Lalibela had a decent crowd for 8:00 on a weeknight. And we found out why - the food here is superb. 

I ordered the vegetable combination and my parner-in-crime ordered the meat combination. His prefered the two beef dishes to the chicken. They are very generous with the inerja here.

I LOVED the Tikil Gomen (cabbage) and the Gomen (collard greens), but all four of the dishes were wonderful. I also enjoyed the Misir Wat (lentils); my boyfriend said that the lentils were his favorite vegetarian item when he sampled all of my items. The Fosolia (string beans) was good, but I prefered the other items.

Order their iced teas! We had the Tossign which was very refreshing and the Yekemem Shai - which is very similar to a Chai.
The food was excellent.  Everyone in our group raved about the flavor and quality.  However the service was simply awful.  The waitress clearly didn't care to be there, and we didn't get a single drink refill the entire time.  Not one.  Not even water.
I walked here for dinner, in order to enjoy the warm Phoenix air and the late sunset.  Having never tried Ethiopian food and having seen the ratings, I thought I'd give this a shot.

Fortunately, I was preceded by an apparent regular who was introducing the restaurant to his out-of-town friends; I got some food recommendations and a peek at how to eat without utensils. 

I chose the meat combination; a combination of doro wat, kye sega wat and alicha sega wat, served with selata.  All of it was excellent.

Service was fine, although not overly attentive.  I would have enjoyed more water, but there aren't many waiters or waitresses that keep up with my water needs.

Food: 5
Service: 4
Setting: 3+ (not bad, but not particularly exciting, either).
My very first try of Ethiopian.

Went at lunch hour.

Selected menu items 3, 4, 5.  1 Meat and 2 Vegetarian.

The food came out within a minute or 2 - so they must have some buffet line inside.

The food kind of tastes like a underspiced indian food.  I almost wish the sauce was with GOAT or LAMB.

The service was non-existant after the food trough drop off, so we just walked up and paid.

I guess I didn't find Ethiopian food that remarkable - sorry . . .
Pretty good.  I've only had Ethiopian once before, but the food was delicious and delivered quickly (we ordered the staples, meat stews on spongy bread).  Reasonable prices also.  They had a log of vegetarian dishes I'd like to try in the future.
Not my kind of food but the vegetarian options are available.
Have gone to Lalibela a few times

1) 1st time with my mother and wife.  The food was good.  We are all familiar with Ethiopian food.  Maybe the food was a bit Americanized, as we have eaten Ethiopian food elsewhere in the USA.  We got a standard vegetarian combo meal.

2) I have taken a few of my work colleagues to this place, as I work nearby.  They were from Toronto, and others were from Italy.  For having never eaten Ethiopian food before, all were impressed.  They found the food good quality.  One of my colleagues called the food "yummy".
Mmmm I love this place. I've had Lalibela in my regular lunch rotation for years. The servers are great and they are quick to suggest dishes for new people. The atmosphere is nice and cozy and the food is divine. 

Some of my favorites: 
Kye sega wat  - Beef cubes simmered in spicy sauce
Misir wat  - Red lentils simmered in hot sauce and herbs.
Fosolia  - Lightly spiced string beans cooked with carrots and onion.
Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat - Lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs.
All this is servced with injera which is a spongy sour crepe, you use it to scoop the food off of the plate. 

The spices for each dish are powerful and unique, I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. 

After writing this review I know what I am having for lunch today!
Mmmmmm I love this place. I've been coming here on a regular basis since 2007. Found this place because I was mad at my boss and was driving around and pulled in to try Essence Bakery and was distracted by the fact there was an Ethiopian restaurant in the same plaza. So I decided to try this place instead. So, so, so glad I did.

(Regarding my first time) I walked in and immediately fell in love with aroma of the place. It was definitely tickling my senses. I ordered the doro wat (chicken) w/the traditional egg, misr wat (red lentils) and the fosolia (green beans and carrots in a tomato sauce). This was served with injera (looks like a crepe and tastes like a heavenly sourdough bread). To drink, I ordered the Yekmen tea, cold. Wow, talk about a drink to complement your food. This tea is fantastic.

The food is very flavorful. The spices are well balanced. Their version of spicy/heat is pretty mild for my taste, but everyone has their opinions of this. I highly recommend getting the Yekemen/Yekmen chai, hot or cold, with your order. The spices in the tea complement the spices used in the food very well. This is coming from someone who always order water with her meals. This is probably the only place I order tea instead of water.

I've heard some people complain about the service. Well, guess what, in Ethiopian culture, they usually don't check on you. This place does, sometimes slowly. I'm grateful for that. Understanding the culture, I don't complain about the service. I do recommend that if you are in a hurry, place your order to-go.

Here's the one downfall. Their food is a little on the oily side. Wat is a type of thick stew and most of the wat recipes call for kibae, a type of butter. I thought at first that the oily part was going to be a problem for me, but after dining at Blue Nile, I discarded the notion. Blue Nile had almost none of this oil, but then again, they lack the flavor too. That's another review for later though. I'll take the flavor any day!

I've since brought my mother, son, sister, friends, co-workers, clients and anyone I can think of. Their reactions are always: surprise that they like Ethiopian food and that they want to come back for more.
I absolutely adore this place...I am obsessed with Ethiopian cuisine and this place stole my heart!  I tried several dishes the: Doro Wat (chicken) and the Alicha Sega Wat (beef) with the misir wat (red lentils)...OMG I think I went to heaven for the few minutes that I was eating!  Of course I had to eat it with injera the spongy bread!  I love their injera more so then Blue Nile...I also tried their black tea...I do not recall the name but it was delicious!  I have since returned about 5 or 6 times and everytime it is more delicious!  I wish that this place was down the street from my house but it seems like there are not many ethnic restaurants outside of Tempe.  I am okay with it...its not too far...I am trying to get my boyfriend and son into this type of cuisine but they are apprehensive!  Anyways...everyone should try this place...another great thing about this place is that its great for those that are vegetarian too!  In fact, as I am writing this review it is making me want Ethiopian food!  TRY IT!!!!!
The food is good and they give generous portions.  The interior is nicely furnished and has several pictures and items from Ethiopia.  Their wine selecton looks good but I have only been here for lunch.  You can't go wrong with any of their combo dishes.  One warning though, this place might make you a bit gassy...
I love this place. I just tried the other Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley, and was disappointed, and my gratitude for Cafe Lalibela multiplied. The food here is fresh and authentic, and the staff are really nice. I'm so lucky to live down the street! Tons of vegan options, too.
I love Ethiopian food, and I love Cafe Lalibela. Their vegetarian combo plate is always reliably filling and flavorful, and the spiced iced tea hits the spot in the summer weather. My meat-eating friends tell me the meat dishes are great as well, but they recommend doing a combo rather than the big plates of just one type. Apparently too much of one gets overwhelming. I alternate between here and Blue Nile because I love them both!
When a friend says, "Let's go get African food" when I suggest frozen yogurt, I have to say yes.

We chose Lalibela. She had been here before, and I had it bookmarked for months. It was only a matter of time before I'd walk my adventurous palate into the door, sit down and nosh on some wicked awesome Ethiopian grub.

The menu has something for everyone. The meat lover, the vegetarian, the pescatarian. 

I ordered, the #16 (check out the picture), which features a nice plate of injera (the spongy bread that is so much fun to play with), and on top, had three different kinds of meat. All were flavorful. The beef was spicy, and oh so aromatic. My nose had a party that would've made Amy Winehouse proud (too soon?)

My friend ordered the Vegetable Combination with two servings of red lentils (one serving in lieu of another vegetable dish), and the gomeh (collard greens). I got to sample, and it was delicious.

Each of our plates came with extra injera. Just enough to eat, and when you are done, you have a little to play with. :) It has a sourdoughish flavor to it, and it complements the flavors of each dish in ways that most breads don't. 

This was a pretty busy restaurant for a Monday night. It's small, very down to earth. 

Bring people whose company you enjoy. You are going to eat with your hands. There are NO utensils. 

You will spill. It's not going to be very pretty or neat, but it will be a blast. 

This place reminds me of Nyala, a restaurant in the Little Ethiopia district of Los Angeles. It brought back a lot of fond memories. I'll definitely come back to Lalibela.
Eating with a fork is OPTIONAL - how great is that?  (not a first date recommendation my friends!!)

Good service always.  Interesting Menu options always.  Wishing I brought more friends so we could order more variety - ALWAYS!

Personal favs - the collard greens and the spicy beef, skip the rice and eat more magic sponge stuff (I think in the Bible they called it 'manna from heaven").  

All round neat place to eat especially if you get bored with mainstream corporate chains like Moi!
Really good, really unique.  I had never had Ethiopian food, but we went out with (vegetarian) friends who recommended it, and we're always game for something new.

Super-friendly owner and waitstaff.  The food was super tasty and lots of fun.  I decided to pass on the meat dishes and go veggie like our friends did, and we had a wonderful array of stews.  I ordered the vegetarian  was terrific.  A couple of lentil dishes, chickpeas, split yellow peas, string beans w/carrots & onions, and a potato/cabbage mix.  Really tasty, and fun to pick up the stews with the injera (kind of like a firmer crepe/pancake.  Reminded me of eating a mix of Moroccan, Lebanese and Indian foods.  So good.

The iced black tea (with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves) is a great accompaniment. 

We'll be back.
The Yelp Supper Club had decided on Ethiopian cuisine, having chosen a restaurant with the same type of cuisine up the street only to find them closed, Dave N. and I found ourselves here.  

This was my first time in here and I am a relative Newbie to Ethiopian cuisine, but Dave N. was nice enough to clue me in on a few things.  I ended up creating my own 3 item plate with greens, lamb stew and fish stew.  I also chose some of their cheese to accompany the combo.  The injera was lovely and the food was flavorful and the service was stellar.  I can't wait to go back.
This is a carnivore, herbivore and omnivore's mutual heaven. As long as you enjoy flavor, you'll enjoy Lalibela's. We ordered the vegetarian platter, which comfortably fed four of us (and allowed for some mindless stew-stained injera noshing afterward). Favorites included the Misir Wat (spicy red lentil stew), Shiro Wat (a garlic-y, onion-y pea mash stew), and Yekik Alicha (yellow split peas with onions and tumeric). 

Of course, scooting injera from stew to stew, scooping up everything at once also seemed to be a pretty successful maneuver, even though it mixed the individual stew flavors. Everyone else really liked when I did that (not really). Do I regret it? No.

I do have one regret though, which I shall reconcile upon my next visit, and that is that I did not leave Lalibela wearing a cloak made entirely from injera. But hey, that's why there's next time.
My very first time having Ethiopian food and I wanted to make sure the place I chose was good.  This place was excellent!  Highly recommended!
This is one of my favorite lunch locations, unfortunately I don't go often enough because it's not quite within walking distance of my office and requires getting in the car and driving.  I was lucky to get to go today for a friend's birthday, what an ethnic treat!   The food is always delicious, the hard part is deciding what 3 selections to pick, they're all so good.  It's located in a little strip mall, but they've made it nice and cozy inside, with ethnic colors, decorations, and music.  I always enjoy bringing along someone who's never been before, they're always pleasantly surprised.

This is a definite must do, you won't regret it.
Nice people.  I'm not crazy about being served pre-prepared food that's not "slamming".  It was just ok for me.  I would go back for a group lunch or something, but the suggestion would not come from me.
This is a great place to go no matter what type of food you like as there's something for everyone! There's meat, spicy, vegetarian, vegan and it's all delicious! While sometimes the service is slow the food more than makes up for it!
This place is pretty fantastic.  Mindfully I have not had much (Read: Any) other Ethiopian food, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but everything I got was very good.  I wasn't in the mood for anything to spicy, so I got the "Mild Combination", which I was very happy with.

Most vegetarian dishes I have had in the past usually have either lacks in texture, or lacks in flavor, but the fosolia I had lacks in neither. It was spiced perfectly, and although it was soft enough to eat similarly to a sauce with Injera, it still had quite a pleasantly solid texture to it.

The Alicha Sega Wat was nice tender meat in a well seasoned sauce.  The only problem one could fault it with was that it was kind of monochromatic if flavor, but that one flavor was delicious, and when eaten with the Injera takes on a layered flavor that made it quite fantastic.

I also got some Kootee (Tea made with leaves from a coffee plant) which was another great new experience for me.  The only thing that wasn't good was the salad, which was made with not the freshest lettuce, but there was so much delicious food, that I was not hungry for it anyway.
A must when you are visiting Austin and craving Ethiopian. My husband loved the meat dishes and I loved the vegetarian offerings. They had a different type of injira. It was still quite good. 
Parking might get tight. Plan on coming early.
This cafe provided me with my first Ethiopian cuisine experience. It was delicious and I am eager to go back. The most impressive thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes. They had as many options as those with meat which I really appreciate (doesn't happen very often.) The service was great. You can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons. The food is very reasonably priced which make it easy to try a variety of dishes. 

We started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup. This was probably my favorite part of the meal, it was absolutely delicious---satisfying and hearty. We also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera, a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with.

This is a fun way to eat (with your hands) and opened up a new world of foods for us! Can't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba.
Ethiopian food obviously isn't a very popular cuisine in America but this place is definitely worth the try. If you are on a budget I would suggest getting the lunch time sampler for a little less than $8 and you can choose from three popular dishes plus your choice of rice or Injera (always get the Injera for the full Ethiopian experience). The best way to describe Injera is as a spongy crepe that has a mild sourdough taste. This place is very vegetarian friendly. For my carnivores don't worry there's lots of beef and chicken dishes too. However, I wouldn't recommend mixing chicken and beef dishes unless your stomach is used to that type of mayhem. All of the food is very well seasoned and tender. My favorites are the Duro Wat, Collard greens and Potatoes and Cabbage. The service isn't spectacular nor is the atmosphere, but the ladies get the job done and refill your cups on a regular. Broaden your palate and give this place a try!
I can't say whether or not Blue Nile is better than Lalibela.  They both seem to have their pros and cons, which don't necessarily have to do with the food's flavor, but more so personal preferences on texture, price (Blue Nile is a bit pricier than Lalibela), and types of offerings (Blue Nile seems to have a more extensive menu than Lalibela).  Personally, I prefer to flavor and textures of Blue Nile but not so much to pay the difference in price.  So, I would choose Lalibela over Blue Nile.
I have now been to Lalibela twice.  My first experience was tastier, but the food here is solid.  I took a 1st timer to ethiopian food (also gluten-free) and she really enjoyed her meal.  The lunch special sampler is a great deal and of course I love all the vegetarian options.  My favorite is the Tikil Gomen which I double up on!
This place is a local treasure. The food is up to the standards of the great Ethiopian restaurants of Washington, DC. Get the Doro Wat and ask for an egg. The dark Ethiopian beer is an excellent accompaniment. The people who run this place are always very welcoming and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
Wow...where to start...right when you enter the eatery, the environment is very friendly as well as the staff! The food was great! And being half Ethiopian, I know quality Ethiopian food. Their injera had a doughy texture and was amazing and I really recommend the Lalibela Exclusive if you're coming with a group or with the family. You can even also add other entrees with it and I really recommend their shiro wat too. Price was also reasonable and you will leave stuffed and satisfied!! Lalibela won't disappoint you! Great Ethiopian restaurant overall!!
I took my mom here when she was in town for Christmas.  We stopped in for lunch and neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before.  I had read about them on their website and in many of the reviews here on yelp, so I kind of knew what to expect.  We were seated immediately, but it took about 10 minutes for our server to greet us.  We immediately ordered two of the lunch specials which we had brought out on one big plate, and it came out super fast!

Everything was wonderful!  We had a lot of fun eating with the Injera and trying to decide which dish was our favorite.  We tried all six of the vegetarian items listed on the lunch menu.  My favorite was probably the Azifah (the cold lentil dish).  The Misir Wat (red split lentils) was really good too, and my mom's favorite was the Fosolia (lightly spiced green beans).  When the big dish was set in front of us, we looked at it and thought, this isn't very much food....but boy were we wrong.  We couldn't even finish it.  The Injera really fills you up I think!

All in all...a great experience for a great price.  $20 including tip.  Can't beat that.  I will definitely be back!
The welcome we received walking in was colder than darth vader in outer space. As we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us. We did not feel welcome and left to the Blue Nile on Rural and University. Blue Nile is great.... highly recommend over this place.
This is a restaurant where you simply come for the food. It's not fancy, service isn't that great, but the food is stick-to-your-ribs good, that fills your tummy and your soul....

My favorite things on the menu (and I do think it's easier to just make your own plate combination) are the yellow split peas and the collard greens.......yummy, yummy, they make me feel so comforted! yeah, that's it, this is definitely comfort food.....I find the bean/legume dishes are so good that I don't even order the meat anymore. Oh! And the tea!! I loooooovvvveeee the yekemem shai (I hope I remembered that right..) It has the perfect amount of spices that it only needs one little packet of sugar (for my tastes) and it is the *perfect* cup of soothing tea....

Now, don't expect speedy or attentive service when you come here.....like I said, this place is purely for the food. Also, this is a fair warning: don't forget to take some enzymes before you go, or, just make sure you don't have plans with anyone with next day....... you'll see what I mean (but, it IS worth it.....)
Best Ethiopian Food in Phoenix! Went there 3 times during our 6 day stay. If you don't like crowds dine on a weekday as weekends, especially for dinner, this place get crowded with discriminating foodies. Service does suffer when super crowded but for food this yummy it is worth the wait and hassle. Don't forget to get some honey wine to complement the rich stews.
Definitely a hidden gem! I had guest in from out of town and let's just say they were the ones that showed me this place. Way to be a great host huh? Anyways this place is definitely a hole in the wall, but that just makes it that much better. I'm from L.A. so I knew that this would be quite the experience. Today it wasn't too busy but it took about 10 min to get our order placed. Not a problem because we weren't in any type of rush. We ordered, my friend got the meat combination, I got the vegetarian since I am vegan and my other friend got a small plate of lamb cubes. Everything was quite wonderful, this was my first encounter with Ethiopian food and it won't be my last. I am quite the foodie and I love trying new foods from different cultures and quite particular, so glad that there is at least one good spot in Arizona for this. Oh how can I forget! You must get the honey wine... I don't like  wine but my friends were thrilled about it. I particularly was in love with the iced tea this one has cardamon in it and can either be iced or hot. I will for sure be back and look forward to getting the lentil soup and possibly a dessert. Let me just say if you are looking for a up-scale restaurant with all those fancy things that take your money with so-so food, this isn't it! It's a family business and they are making food like they would for their family. I'm sure that's how they keep the prices so low.
Seems there are only 2 Ethiopian restaurants in Tempe and I've now officially been to both. Unfortunately, Lalibela will have to settle for being 2nd best.

I cam here with my girlfriend for Valentine's Day last week. It was our first time to Lalibela, but we're no strangers to Ethiopian food. So, we made reservations, were quickly brought to our table and everything was swell.

They offered a Valentine's day menu, so we ordered the vegetarian special. It was about $36 and was allegedly a meal for two. Odd, because on their regular menu they have a meal for 3 at $38. In retrospect, we probably should have paid the extra $2 and taken home more leftovers. More bang for your buck.

Either way, it's a pretty steep price for Ethiopian food. Most of which is very cheap to make as our meal was mostly peas, lentils, potatoes, salad and cabbage. 

We also got a bottle of Yellow Tail merlot @ ~$18. Both our food and our wine came out very quickly. And that was pretty much the last time we saw our server for the rest of the meal.

I will hand it to Lalibela, the food is good. Very good. Perhaps even better than Blue Nile. But the price is steep and the lack of service really spoiled the night for us. It's not as if the place was busy. By the time our meal was finished there was only 3 other tables with patrons at them but none of them were receiving any service. Sure, we knew there were waitresses. We could hear them talking in the kitchen so they must exist! After maybe 15-20 minutes of sitting waiting on our check, empty water and no service to speak of I actually had go up to the front desk and wave down our waitress. This is completely unacceptable for any restaurant. Short of an emergency, there is no reason why a dining room should be left unattended for 15 minutes while there are guests. My feeling was that the servers got their food out and that's all that mattered. No "How's the food?" no refills on waters. Nothing.

On top of that, Lalibela's menu lacks the diversity of Blue Nile. Not only does Blue Nile have great veg options, but they have sambusas, hummus, falafel, salads and a raw vegan menu. Lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes. Likely all that could be found at Blue Nile for a much lower price.

I can understand why people come here. The food is good (the injera is certainly better than Blue Nile's), but the lack of service and the price are enough to keep me out of Lalibela for good.
Gastronomically curious students can escape the saturation of chain restaurants by coming here.

For $5-10 bucks, you will be stuffed with a variety of slow-cooked meats and veggies.

The sampler lunch special comes with a sufficient amount of injera, slightly sour and porous to soak up the sauces. The mild curry is a bit too sweet for me, but the hot curry is just right. The collard greens and lentils are tender.

Service is lacking. There was one friendly waitress, while the other one gave weird looks. Refills were slow. The price was right and the food itself was great, but service knocks off a star. Ethiopian honey wine is available, you might want to get a bottle to distract yourself.
The food here is super delicious! I've lived close to this place for a couple of months now and one evening I was feeling like I really needed to try something new. This place was my first introduction to Ethiopian cuisine and this place definitely impressed me. 

The layout of the restaurant is pretty simple. Small one room divided by a single wall, an area to pay and a back room where I'm sure the kitchen and dish washing room are. The service was very friendly and they didn't make us feel awful when we asked for silverware! Shortly after asking for silverware we noticed everyone around us was eating with their hands. Oops, my bad on not using proper dinning etiquette. I slowly stopped using my fork through out the meal.

My boyfriend an I ordered the vegetarian combo and we were more than thrilled with it! Great flavors and the pairings are perfect. Some warm and spicy, mild and flavorful, and don't even get me started on the wheat sourdough crepe you get with the meal. ADDICTED. I want some right now.

If you need some yummy exotic eats, I highly recommend this joint.
Def had better. Seems they cater to the locals...had high hopes and totally disapointed. Went for the meat dishes, not sure how the vegetarian plates are.
Yikes. I completely forgot about the fact that my boyfriend found a big black hair in the food close to when we were almost finished eating. How could I have forgotten that?? 

As delicious as the food was, that can NEVER happen when you are running a restaurant. Super gross :(
I love this place for lunch.  They have a great lunch special, good price and delicious, and they're quick for lunch!  And very friendly!  The worst part about coming here for lunch is the parking, if you come at noon it's quite hard to find a spot because of the two other great lunch places in the plaza.  

Anyway, for the lunch special you can choose three dishes from the 4 meats and 6 vegetarian options, plus you get rice, injeera or both.  I love the spicy chicken, spicy beef, spicy lentil, collard greens, and potatoes.  (it's difficult for me to choose just 3!)

it's a lot of food at a good price.  yum.
I love Ethiopian food and although this place is ok, I have had better. I didn't care for the service we received but the food was good.  There are other Ethiopian restaurants I would pick before heading to this one but if you are in the area and want to give it a try it's a great option.
What a great place for some spicy food....I forget the names but you cannot go wrong with Ethiopian. This time around the food wasn' t that strong. I highly reccomend the lentil....wow that was good. The chicken and beef stew was good as well. The entire entre  was so good....me and the lady finished it off....nough said.

G approved!
First time we had Ethiopian, and boy was it an experience! If you've never had Ethiopian before, you should definitely try it out.

I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get here.  I think we had a beef stew and a lamb dish.  The food is all presented the same. Everything comes out on top of a plate with a giant piece of injeera, as well as a basket of extra injeera on the side. There are NO utensils, so be prepared to get messy! Still, that is part of the eating experience, and it's fun! 

The food was delicious. It had a nice spicy kick to it, and the injeera was, well, very different. My best description of it is a spongy, sourdough-flavored crepe. But really, you just have to try it.

The food portions didn't seem like a lot, but it gets filling very fast. When the food came, we thought we'd eat it all and then need to order more, but we only ate a little more than half and were full! Because of that, the pricing is excellent (just a little over $10 a plate). We felt the service was excellent as well. Our water never went below the halfway point!
I was excited to try my first taste of ethiopian food so we drove all the way to Tempe! I ordered the spicy combination with chicken, beef, and lentil stews and my boyfriend go the meat combination which also had the spicy chicken, spicy beef, and a buttery chicken stew. These meals came with something called injera which is like a tortilla like flat bread that is soft, chewy, a bit like sponge texture.

Everything was delicious! My favorite was the spicy chicken stew. The flavor was bold, the chicken was tender, and with the injera was awesome! Overall it reminded me of some of my favorite indian food at punjabi tandoor. The portions were large and the service was great. 

Next time, I want to try their tiramisu which won best in the valley!
I now know why Ethiopians are so skinny, their food is gross and a huge pain in the ass to eat.  I wouldn't eat it either if it was all I had.  The whole eating with your hands might be quaint for some folk, I just find it welfare and cheap.  Call me crazy, but I enjoy a utensil now and then.  I say to the folk of Ethiopia "treat yoself - get some forks". 

All in all I'd say that's as close to Ethiopia as I hope to ever come, and the next time someone recommends this restaurant or type of food, it will serve as grounds to immediately never speak to them again and put a horrible curse on their sad existence.
Before I came back to WA I went to Lilibela for diner with daughter and it was a good dining experience for my first time trying Ethiopian food.  I had the spicy chicken and lentils and it was delicious!  Daughter had beef, lentils and vegetables and they were also very good.
I highly recommend this restaurant for people that like trying different foods and are willing to experience what the world has to offer, if you don't like spices, curries and different vegetables, this place is not for you.

I will go back there as soon as I go back to AZ!
I am upping the rating. Best vegetarian options anyone can get. Cannot go wrong with the vegetable combo. G approved.
I've had Ethiopian food before, with lackluster results and so decided that I didn't really like it. But then my parents offered to take me here and pay for my meal (free food!) so of course I accepted. First off the place is small and may look kinda shabby on the inside, but the atmosphere is curiously intimate. I felt like we could sit here for hours savoring our meal and they would not care! All the ladies that work here are awesome and very attentive. I ordered the Vegetarian plate, which comes with three different items plus a small salad & lots of their bread. Man, the salad was so good, the dressing is to die for! I loved everything on my plate and I *thought* I didn't like Ethiopian bread, but that was before I had Lalibela! It was very good and I would SO come back here. Next time I want to try their soup!
Love the people, the food, the ambiance. We've been going there for years!!
I love this place; great food and atmosphere, I however have maybe been there thirty times and have yet had good service.
Cafe Lalibela is one of the best places I've ever found to get Ethopian food.  The food is all reasonably priced and they have a fantastic selection - lots of new things to try.  No utensils here - everything is eaten with injeera bread, which also adds to the unique experience.  They have fantastic teas here as well.
Really tasty food.  Great price.  Friendly and relaxed hospitality.  I had the "Three Meat Combination" wat platter.  It was sublime!
First time at this restaurant yesterday. My husband and I were excited about trying this restaurants after reading good reviews on Yelp. But we got mixed feelings.

I liked this cute restaurant. It's clean and cozy and the people working there were nice and friendly to us. My husband enjoyed the light Ethiopian beer. 

But the food....that's the thing.
Some were good and some were not so good. We ordered a chef's combo and vegetarian combo. Both came with the crepe like Ethiopian bread and side salad. Each combo had 3-4 different dishes which were spicy chicken, cheese, collard green for the chef's combo and lentils, green beans, cabbage(w/potato&carrot) and collard green for the vegetarian combo. 

Chicken and lentils (spicy ones) were pretty good but most of the others had more or less the same kind of taste, salty and sour....yes, "salty and sour" explains their food. The cheese and bread had almost no taste for me. 
Overall, I got a feeling they were missing "taste".

For dessert, we shared a mango mousse cake which was home made and tasty. 

So my feeling is...if we choose right dishes, we can enjoy their food better, maybe? We do not eat beef or lamb, so they might be good. 

Will I recommend this place? I don't know...you can give a try. 
Will I go back to this place again? Maybe not. I will try somewhere else.
Service was spotty (we literally had to go get someone to refill out waters).

Food was good, I've only eaten at one other Ethiopian place (Zemam's in Tucson) but the food here was on par with what I've eaten there. The Injera was wonderful and tasty. The dishes we had on our injera platter included: lentils, lamb, chicken, collard greens, cabbage and potatoes.

The decor was simple, with Ehtiopian art adorning the walls. The woman who was our waitress was nice, but not very attentive. I would probably go there again as the food was good, but considering that there weren't even that man people in the restaurant (four tables when we arrived, but two left pretty early into our meal). So considering they couldn't even take care of two tables leaves me wondering if their service is also this spotty.

On their business card it also says they have great Tiramisu. Sadly, I did not get a chance to try it.
Great Ethiopian...only reason it doesn't get five stars is that I've been to Adams Morgan in DC and had some really great Ethiopian!  For the valley, this is one of the best places to find Ethiopian and the vegetarian platter is very good.  Plus, they have sweet wine here...guaranteed to make your visit even better!!
At least a solid 4-star rating!  We went there last night as a party of 3.  My wife & I had eaten at Blue Nile a few years ago and enjoyed it, but on this occasion we took our sister-in-law to Lalibela for a new experience.

We were all pleased with the prompt greeting, seating of our choice, and efficient, friendly service.  We ordered the 3 person assorted platter with several choices each of meat and vegetarian dishes, nicely spiced, with ample injera to mop it up with.  Added a bottle of wine and a couple of Ethiopian beers and the evening was complete.  No one went home hungry, and all were plotting for our return visit!
You can't go wrong choosing Lalibela, especially if your group enjoys trying new cuisines and loves great food!
Food was tasty. I ordered the veggie combo, and was a little disappointed that it didn't come with more of a variety of things, especially for $12. BUT what it did come with was good.
I ate here last night with a friend. Finding their chef's combination options to be a little pricey, I decided to order two entrees individually, and my choices were their misir wat (spicy red lentils) and the tikil gomen (cabbage with carrot and potato). I really enjoyed the misir wat. It was nicely spiced and I wish I could have ordered more of it. The injera bread was also very good, tasty and possessing a nice texture. As for the tikil gomen, it was okay, but tasted a little flat, and I don't recall it tasting that flat at other Ethiopian restaurants. Another thing I found to be flat here was the service, which was generally inattentive and unfriendly. The waitress was having a splendid time socializing with someone at the front counter when I came in, but had the most sour expression on her face when she interacted with me. No, I was not looking for friendship and conversation, but would it have been so hard to crack a smile when I entered and requested a table? Especially since, at that time, I was the only customer in the restaurant. Also, would it be too much to ask for a refill of water when my glass is empty? I would give this place another try because of the food, but the quality of service does not make me feel inclined to return here anytime soon.
Great place for lunch, friendly service and tasty food.
The best key sega watt (spicy beef cubes) in town!  My only complaint would be the high prices and lack of service on water refills (when i'm eating something spicy, i expect LOTS of water refills).  It's definitely filling and the ingera bread is actually really healthy for you... it's made with TEFF, a type of flour.  If you like meat, don't let your tastebuds miss the key sega watt!
Great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share. Very nice server as well. Lemoncello cake was the only disappointment, just a basic lemon cake.
I love this place.  The food is always tasty (who knew that greens could taste so delicious) and the lunch special can't be beat.  Sometimes it's tough to find parking, but be persistent.  You won't be disappointed.
I have no clue as to Lalibela's level of authenticity--but whether it is authentic or not is immaterial to me.  The food is TOP NOTCH!!!!  I can't get enough.  Never had Ethiopan before I went here, but after the first try, I was hooked.  My wife is good with a 2-portion combo, I usually get 3 portions.  I walk out stuffed and good for the rest of the day!  Delicious, and kind of fun to eat with the hands once in a while.  I will warn you:  if you have a sensitive stomach like I do, you will spend the rest of your day either extremely gassy or suffering from bowel evacuation on a fairly consistent basis.  But it is well worth the trouble based on taste/eating enjoyment!

To the dope who wrote about it being "low class" and that you "would rather starve," obviously you've never been starved before (I have).  Believe me, dipstick, if you're ever in that situation, you'll eat whatever is finally put in front of you in any manner possible, even if you have to lick it up off the floor.
So delicious.  Try their tea, it tastes like Christmas.
Pretty inexpensive, and still the best Ethiopian spot in town!
My family's favorite Ethiopian restaurant.  I usually order the spicy combination. instead of the meat combination because it is really just a spicy meat combination.  The lunch specials are also a good deal with good portion sizes.  My daughter has counted Lalibela as one of her top five favorite restaurants since she could count to five.  It was nice to have a restaurant that didn't serve pizza in the top five.  She usually has the red lentils even though they are a little spicy.  My wife loves the vegetarian combination.  And a bottle of honey wine completes the meal.
Yum Yum Yummy!!!
This was my first true foray into Ethiopian food, and it was phenomenal. In fact, if I had other Ethiopian food experiences to compare it to, I'd probably go with the rarely given five stars. 

The menu has just the right amount of items and allows for a lot of customization. I went with the spicy combo. It was indeed spicy, but in a rich and complex way. I paired it with an oh-so-refreshing iced Shai tea. It tasted exactly like Oregon Chai concentrate mixed with water rather than milk. Methinks mixing it with milk would be incredible. 

I ate the combo platter the traditional way, using the spongy, crepe-like bread to pick up spicy, tender, fragrant, delicious chunks of meat and smashed split peas. My hands got quite oily, but that's what they make napkins for. A friendly tip, though: if you eat the spicy platter with your hands, scrub the stuff out of them (like more than washing your hands twice like I did) before you attempt to take contacts out. 

The meal was filling and affordable. I will definitely return.
Lalibela is a friendly, mom and pop style restaurant.  We came with a large group (and reservations) for dinner.  We shared the meat combination, family style.  Each combination platter is listed as serving 3 people - but we had 4 people per order and it was more than enough.  The food is the best Ethiopian food experience I have had.  The major flaw was very slow service.
I just read my first review of this business.... and I quote "I would go back for a group lunch or something, but the suggestion would not come from me."  Oh what a tangled web we weave....   I did go back in a group lunch (twice since) and guess what - You guessed it, the suggestion DID in fact come from me.  And boy was I ever so happy that I did.

I'm bumping Lalibela Cafe UP a notch because the food was incredibly good.  Recently, I went here with a group of folks who like to "tour the world one spoonful at a time".  I chose Lalibela because I wanted to choose a restaurant centrally located from the continent of Africa and because the Yelp reviews down lie!  You don't get 4 stars here for nothing!  Definitely worth a 3rd trip for me.

The group was seated promptly.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their food... how do I know?  Because every plate was cleaned!  I mean cleaner than clean!  When we ran out of injera to clean the plates, more was ordered!  

If you plan to go there for lunch, there are 3 different types of lunch specials.  I would recommend the #2 lunch special in which you can choose different wats (like an Indian curry or a stew) to eat with your injera (crepe like pancake) - Here's a breakdown of what I ordered in my last visit, I had the Doro Wat (Spicy Chicken) and they Key Sega Wat (spicy beef) and a lentil based wat with injera.  I would have eaten it all, but I couldn't.  I had to be rolled out of that place my tummy was so full.  

The fact of the matter is, and clearly, my last 2 experiences here have been fantastic with the latest one being even better.  Try them, you will like it.

 Parking can be very tricky at lunch time.  You may want to get in the area before noon.  I've never been for dinner.
We discovered Lalibela thanks to a friend who lives in the area, who'd seen it reviewed on "Check Please, Arizona." We're vegetarians who are always looking for great places to eat on the road, and when Ethiopian food is good, it's very good indeed, so we were very excited to give it a try.

We were not disappointed. 

The first thing you notice when you step in the door is the enticing smell of berbere, the classic spice mixture of Ethiopia. If you haven't experienced it, let's just say that it's the kind of smell that says "really, really good food here."

We ordered two individual veggie platters, each of which consisted of three wats (stews) -- misir wat (a red lentil stew seasoned with berbere and herbs), gomen (stewed collard greens with garlic and onions), and tikil gomen (lightly spiced carrots, cabbage and potatoes) -- and a salad on a bed of injera (a crepe-like, fermented, teff-based bread), with a generous basket of injera on the side. The flavors were just wonderful...as good as any Ethiopian food I've ever had.

In fact, it was so good, we went back a couple of days later. This time, being major fans of all things legume, we ordered a regular "family-style" platter with double portions of mesir wat, shiro wat (ground peas seasoned with berbere, garlic and ginger), yekik alicha (yellow split peas with turmeric and herbs) and a single portion of the tikil gomen. So, so, so good! Everything was so flavorful, we kept picking at it long after we were way too full to eat another bite.

The atmosphere in the restaurant is very casual. It's situated in a strip mall, and has kind of a "hole in the wall" feel, but it's the kind of "hole in the wall" that everyone wishes he'd discover...an unpretentious place that just happens to serve exceptionally good food.

Service was prompt and pleasant on both visits.

If we lived here, we would definitely be regulars (probably very fat, but happy, regulars!). As it is, we will definitely be repeat customers, should our travels bring us back to the area again.
Crazy good Vegi platter. Gobbled it up. Washed it down with a unique stout from Ethiopia too. Very friendly staff, highly recommend. Will be back next time I'm in Phoenix.
Having read a book about Ethiopia, I wanted to try the delicious food.  I'm so glad I did.  In fact, I brought my family, kids aged 15 and 13, they loved it as well.  The atmosphere is strip mall casual, but the food is excellent.   It was just the right amount of spicy, the flavors of the various meats and vegetables blending perfectly.  We will be back!
Service is slack but the food was GREAT!
5 stars for the food, service, and location. I love, love, love eating here. The spices are unlike anything I have ever eaten before, and it is absolutely addicting. Wonderful for children, vegetarians, families, parties, or getting together with your classier and hard to please food snobs. 

The only reason I rated a 4 instead of a 5 is the sheer upset my stomach was in for 24 hours following the food. I know that over time, it will get better, but if you have a cautious or "not-withstanding of new spices" kind of digestive system, beware!
Really loved this place. The service was slow around 1:00pm on a Saturday. We were a party of 4 adults and 2 kids and the Veggie Combo for 3 was more than enough. Did have to order more Injera bread. 

The veggies had such amazing and different flavors from each other. My favorite. Although their website advertises the gluten free injera, when we asked for it, they said they did not have any so our kid had to eat some rice instead.
Different food but not great. Service is very bad and slow. We were a group of 10 people went for lunch, the lady who served us was very rude. When we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table. And the food was served to us after 45 mins. Regarding food, I feel the food had raw curry powder flavors and pretty much all the food items had similar taste.
The food here is great!! The service was great and your definitely get your moneys worth. If you're in the mood to experiment sit in the carpet room and enjoy your dinner.
I can't believe I forgot to review this place! I went a couple months ago with a friend. We were both a little worried that we wouldn't like it, especially because I had Ethiopian food once before and didn't love it. Well, I did end up liking this alright (not my favorite, but definitely not bad). I asked the waitress for her suggestion and she seemed a little exasperated with me (but what do you expect?). At her suggestion, I got the Key Sega Wat (spicy beef stew) and the Misir Wat (spicy lentils). Both had a lot of flavor, but neither was really spicy, which disappointed me. I don't know how soon I would go back here, but if I did ever feel like Ethiopian food again, I would give this place another shot.
Pretty solid Ethiopian food. My only comparisons are Chicago-based, but this was a nice find. (This is really late...so I hope they're around and still serving the same I had - it was awesome!)
I have never had Ethiopian cuisine before so I thought I would give it a shot. So I went there at around 5pm on a Wednesday evening. The service was a little slow with only one person to run cash register and wait on tables. There were only a few people in the restaurant itself but the carry out customers were a fairly steady stream. 

We decided to order the "Vegetarian Experience" even though there were only 2 of us because we wanted to try all the vegetarian options. The ingredients themselves were fairly simple but the flavors were extremely complex and tasted amazing. Even the salad tasted amazing with the lemon dressing. The portion was very large and more than enough as we ended up taking about half of it home. 

For desert we had the mango mousse. It was a perfect dessert with it being light and fluffy and the sponge cake soaked in pineapple juice on the bottom was just the extra kick to put it over the top. 

Definitely a great value and delicious food. My only knock on the experience was the service was a little slow, but I will definitely go back!
Really like this place.  We've eaten here twice now and the food is consistently good.  I met a woman from Ethiopia who said it is very authentic food and she also recommends Lalibela.  The staff is very attentive and the price very reasonable.
What does an Indian do when they are bored of indian food but still want the flavors and the dining experience? They go to Cafe Lalibella. Absolutely delish ethiopian food with tastes so similar to home. Going to this place always makes me philosophical- we are more alike than we think. 
Try the veggie platter because then you get to try everything. In the non veg , the chicken stew is the best. The communal dining experience with one large plate and just sharing among friends makes the experience even more enjoyeable. The service coud be a tad slow but can be forgiven and forgotten.
Finally, i absolutely love the tres leches here ( who knew). Highly recommended.
Foursquare tells me I have been at this place 64 times. I must have missed a lot of check-ins because I eat Lalibela at LEAST once a week. 

I have been going for years and have taking dozens of people and never had anyone not like the food (ok maybe one). 

This place rocks, the staff are great and the Misr Watt. MMMM

For me I get the lunch special Misr Watt, Misr Watt and Misr Watt with extra Injera!
Delightful!  I went with some friends there for a birthday celebration.  We ordered one of the sampler dishes with meat.  OMG.  I could not stop eating.  It was phenomenal.  I had had Ethiopian food once before and thought the injera bread was too weird.  I now realize that other place didn't make it right.  

I highly recommend Cafe Lalibela to anyone who loves Ethiopian food or enjoys middle eastern food and wants to venture out and isn't afraid to use their hands to eat, as is the Ethiopian culture.
This might be the best food I've had in 18 years living in Arizona. Wow.
Not the nicest looking place overall, but good enough to chow down and have a good time.  The service was super friendly and attentive, and the food was totally awesome.  We had one of the huge plates to share between the four of us, which was more than enough, with lots of great variety of things to try.  Some of us got a little uncomfortably full, probably because of the bread, but probably just a learning experience for the type of food.  Very good, and I'd definitely go back.
I'm a huge fan of this place and always will be.

My boyfriend and I commonly come to eat, before seeing a show at Gammage. The food is always good, the beer is always cold, and the waitresses are always incredibly nice.

Plus, I love their birthday coupons they send out for you to use the next time your in.  I'm almost positive they never expire too. SO WORTH IT!

If you like Indian, Thai, Spices, etc, come.  You wont be disappointed.
Gluten Free- Injera bread! Score

Food is consistently good. Service is attentive, but not super smiley... but eh, I'll survive. 

It's hilarious to me, but they offer a bunch of american/italian desserts. Can't get myself to try the tres leches nor the tiramisu from an Ethiopian place. But who knows, perhaps it's delicious. 

We stick to the vegetarian platters - spiced perfectly - great in winter time.
Nice retaurant in AZ...Nice selection and very authentic. I definitely recomend this place if you are in Phoenix area.
For our first Ethiopian food experience, we opted for the Lalibela Exclusive - a HUGE sampler of most of their menu offerings. Did I mention how much food this was?! Definitely too much for 2 people (the menu does state for 3+), but we were greedy and indecisive and I thought this was a perfect choice. 

We liked everything on the 18+ inch tray, but our favorites were the doro wat (chicken), key sega wat (beef), tikel gomen (cabbage), and misir wat (red lentils). 

Their iced teas are yummy and service was informative and attentive! The sampler was pricey, but now that we know what we like we can order more cheaply. 

Definitely worth the unique experience. We'll be back!
Service is not that extraordinary but the food.... Oh boy, that's another story! Because of this restaurant I am absolutely in love with Ethiopian food, it tastes wonderful and I crave injera all the time!!
I love this place! The food is crazy delicious and the service is good. They are quick at lunch and have great lunch specials during the week.  I have never had a bad meal here.  The menu is great and everything they make is delicious.
Loved the fish and chicken dish - Assa Wat and Doro Wat! Even the collard greens were great!
And very unusual communal style eating with everything served on a single plate. Will definitely return for more!
Eat with your hands! This place is fantastic! I LOVE this restaurant. The Misr Wat (red lentils) and Tikil Gomen (cabbage and potato) are my personal favorites! I love everything about the experience. The friendly and helpful staff can guide you through the menu and ordering. Try the iced tea it is bold flavored and unique.
Very interesting and different food choice. Service was adequate - they wanted to know if we had reservations for our party of 8 which I guess seems an acceptable question. They were not quick on refills. Although we got two meat platters for 3 and one veggie platter, we were only brought two platters. We asked the server if we were getting another one of the meat platters but she said that the two meats were combined. Looking at the next table there was a couple with the same amount of food on their platter. Surely they didn't order for six people.... The bill comes and we were charges for three. 

The food was decent. A little bland compared to Indian or other ethnic foods. It is probably legitimate Ethiopian so that could explain it. 

You do get a lot of food for your money that is relatively tasty.
How ironic. It was around 26 years since we had eaten Ethiopian food. We just don't have any near home. When we were in Phoenix around the 24th of August, we celebrated our 25th Anniversary at this restaurant which was within 5 minutes of our motel. They were very busy with quite a variety of clientele and the food was delicious. We only wished we could take some with us.
Eight of us came to this Ethiopian restaurant for dinner during Restaurant Week. Among all participating restaurants, we made the decision on Lalibela based on the strength of the prix fixe menu, availability of vegetarian and gluten-free options, and price.

We were seated immediately upon arrival and the interior was well lit, spacious, and clean. The seating arrangement started with a score of smaller tables that led to ours in the back. The vibe was casual and appropriate for groups of all sizes. 

My choice of appetizer, the Beet and Potato Salad, was a wonderful starter. The mix of chunky beet and potato came with great texture underscored by a light lemon vinaigrette flavor. This is one item I haven't had at Ethiopian restaurants, but it's something I would order again.

The main entre came with two forms of beef stews; pan-fried beef, chicken stew, green beans, collard greens, lentil, salad, and cabbage with carrots and potatoes. They were served on a bed of fluffy injera with just the right amount of sourness. I was addicted to the softness of the injera, and they were generous to replenish them whenever it was needed. 

The beef items were cut too small, but the spiciness was on point with purpose. The chicken needed to come with an egg, but the vegetarian platter was truly delicious. All the flavors were discernible, unlike some of the Ethiopian restaurants where the seasoning began to taste in uniform after a while. I particularly loved the spicy beef stew, green beans, collard greens, lentil, and cabbage with carrots and potatoes. My dinner companions really enjoyed their food as well.

For dessert, my choice of Mango Mousse Cake was a hit. Plating was not particularly striking but everyone raved about it once I passed around the table. It came with an intense mango flavor, soft custard-like texture, and a smooth refined finish. 

The restaurant became extremely busy by the time we left. And, for $15, the meal was a fantastic deal. I still think the execution was not as sophisticated as Awash, Meskerem, or Abyssinia, but when price and value are considered, this place can certainly go toe to toe with some of the better places around the country. Service was slow, but knowledgeable, responsive, and friendly. Interested diners should expect a good level of authenticity when it comes to the seasoning. Those interested should also be aware of their large portions--so be ready to take some of the food home. I'd be very interested in coming back for another feast.
Went to Cafe Lalibela for the first time today for lunch.  The lunch special was very reasonably priced, and offered a taste of several Ethiopian dishes.  Very tasty food at a good price? Yes please.  I'll be coming back for more very soon!
Perfect for date night or family night.  My kids love the exotic flavors you eat with your hands.  The service is always fantastic and food is great.
This was the first time my husband and I have tried Ethiopian food. Honestly I couldn't tell you what I was expecting because I had nothing to base the expectation off of. It was better than I could have imagined! It was really just great.

I had one of the vegetable platters and it was amazing. I am a vegetarian and I have a lot of food allergies so a lot of the time we go out to eat I end up feeling uncomfortable, nauseous, or full on sick.. After eating here I felt great, the food was clean and light and delicious.
I'm sorry that I can't agree with others who have posted glowing reviews of this restaurant.  I simply wasn't that impressed.  This was my first time eating Ethopian food.  Seeing as Ethiopia is one of the poorest countries in the world where people are starving, it seemed weird that they would have a cuisine to call their own in the first place.  I had the vegetarian platter, which came with several different kinds of items, all placed on top of a tasteless, spongy bread.  None of the items were bad.  Everything was decent.  It just wasn't great.  The spices they use are very similar to what you'd find in Indian food.  Maybe if they used the spices a little more liberally, the food wouldn't have been so bland.  

The ambiance in the restaurant was also of a slightly lower standard than I would have wanted.  It's not very fancy.  I was there on a date, and this wasn't exactly the type of place where I would go again on a date.  I think this is more of a restaurant where I'd bring my family to eat.  But if you require a place that inspires romance on some level, this isn't the place for you.  

For all the unflattering things I've said about this place, one of the best things about it is that everything is very reasonably priced.  It's not like they're giving you less than what you paid for.  The prices are commensurate with the quality of food and type of restaurant this is.  I would eat here again.  I was just hoping for better on my first dining experience.
Lalibela feels like a place you'd imagine stumbling into on the streets of Addis Ababa, close to where the owners are actually from. The food is consistently fresh, delicious and reasonably priced and the selection of Ethiopian beverages is a lot of fun to explore. Improvements: The staff is extraordinarily reserved and a couple ceiling tiles need replacement.
This terrific cafe serves delicious food in large portions at reasonable prices with great service. The #17 vegetarian platter is a tasty way to taste a bunch of different options.
Four of us enjoyed dinner there this week but within hours three of us had major stomach issues which to put it mildly put a damper on our enthusiasm for this restaurant.  Be warned.  We had beef, chicken, salad and vegetarian dishes.  Caveat emptor!
I have been to Cafe Lalibela about 5 or more times now, and my boyfriend and I LOVE their food.  For those of you who are opposed to eating with your hands or are not a big fan of vegetables, Ethiopian cuisine may not be a good option for you.  We took a friend and his date with us the other day, and although the girl  stated she was cool with anything, we could all tell that she wasn't enjoying it.  If steak, grilled chicken, potatoes and salad are the main staples on your palate, and you dislike deviating away from them, choose somewhere else.   

My boyfriend and I have had just about everything on the menu, but we always come back to the vegetarian combo (number 15) as our favorite choice.  The platter is for 3 people, but we usually finish the platter between the two of us.  We always try to pick our favorite among the collard greens, lentils, green beans, cabbage, and peas, but we give up because they are all so good.  If you are a vegetable lover like us, I think you will find your favorite among their offerings.  The flavors in the dishes are all distinctively unique and delicious.  I think my opinion of Ethiopian food gets better every time I visit the restaurant.
1st time here. The food is excellent. A nice alternative to mexican, fast food, or sandwiches.
My husband and I went there on a whim and were extremely pleased. The vegetarian and gluten free options were fantastic to include GF injera. We shared the vegetarian combo and left with full bellies. The service and prices are also appetizing! We will definitely go back.
My husband & I used to go to Cafe Lalibella about 14 years ago when we lived in Tempe. We're back in Phoenix & went to get dinner & Cafe Lalibella was as awesome as ever. Their veggie entrees are exceptional. I swear their food is the best Ethiopian food that I've eaten, & I've lived in NYC, Philadelphia & Seattle. Get the veggie combo, the spiced tea & some Samosas. Enjoy.
So, to be fair, I've never had any other Ethiopian food before.  Ever.
And, this place always gives me a wicked stomach ache, so some sort of spice they use or something doesn't agree with me.

But, it's DELICIOUS!
And it's vegetarian options are so tasty too!

So, I'll continue popping a Pepcid and coming here for years to come
I wish I could agree with all the great reviews as well, but I can't.  We went right after Shabbat was over, and it was very busy (Saturday night).  There was food, paper and crumbs all over the table and under the table where we sat at.

The food taste good, but nothing in comparison to what I am used to. The injera bread was ok, but not great.  Had to keep asking the waitress for refills and napkins.  

OVERPRICED for the food...my opinion.  I have experience Ethiopian restaurants in American (Southwest region) and this just did not impress me.

Limited parking when it is crowded in that plaza.
Service a little slow at peak hour, but friendly and welcoming.  Very good food.  My family enjoyed it a lot.
I think the food is comparable to, if not slightly better, than Gojo on Thomas. But Gojo is so much cheaper. Doro wat should come with an egg.
Went here for some authentic Ethiopian Coffee. Think I got it, came out in a clay pot pored into a tiny coffee cup. Tasted like a fresh espresso, and seem to have a little more caffeine then a cup of coffee I am used to. I might venture into some food next time.
I eat here at least once a week.  I love the food, the gluten free injera and the service is pretty consistent.  Been a go to spot of mine for many years now... Will continue to be that..
Cafe Lalibela is great!  I've only had Ethiopian at one other restaurant (in DC), but as far as I can tell, this place rocks!  We order the vegetarian platter.  I'm a pretty picky eater, but have no issues and love trying EVERYTHING in the platter!  The service is great - I've been here on weeknights as well as weekends and they always seat us quickly and the service is superb.  The injera is amazing - order extra!
This restaurant is so over priced and mediocre I can't even eat here at all. The best place to get Ethiopian food is ethio-african spices in Phoenix. Don't go anywhere else. Trust me. I spend 50 dollars on just me and my boyfriend at this cafe and the food is dripping with grease leaving you with gas every time, and the injera isn't that good. If u want perfect Ethiopian cuisine for a fraction of the cost SORRY BUT YOU HAVE TO GO TO PHOENIX.
As a visitor from out of town I wanted something healthy and vegetarian. This little gem of a restaurant is amazing!  Get the "Misr" ... A delish lentil dish!!! Yum :)
Amazing flavor fusion. Wonderful staff and great food. Was pleasantly surprised definitely worth a try, ESPECIALLY for vegans and vegetarians !
My first time here and it did not disappoint!

I never had Ethiopian food before so I had no idea what to expect. First of all, the service was wonderful. Kind and warm and lots of smiles. I love all the authentic decor inside. It is not fancy but it is homey and has some great authentic crafts and pictures to really get a good feel for the Ethiopian culture.

The food was so good. My husband had the fish, lamb, and collard greens. He loved it all but especially the fish. I had the cabbage and potatoes, red lentils, and collard greens. Loved it all as well. The lentils were medium spicy, just right. A little reminiscent of Indian food. The collard greens were mouth watering. Cooked perfectly.

The flatbread thing it came with was definitely unique. Spongy and a bit sour. Takes a little getting used to but its good! 

They recommend picking 3 of their "mini" entrees. Each one is a very generous scoop. We each had 3 and we were stuffed. Next time we are just ordering 2 each... it is very filling. 

I was disappointed that they only had one Ethiopian beer in stock... the menu said there were 3. I wanted a lighter Ethiopian beer to complement my meal but they only had a dark brew. The selection of other beers they have are limited but good. I settled for an ice cold Stella.

We have to try their tiramisu next time. It is supposed to be the best in the valley.
Chester's favorite. Chester has been going here for years, and the food and service is always improving. The yellow split peas give a mellow balance to some misir wat (spicy red lentils) or Chester's new favorite, cold spicy brown lentils. The cold brown lentils are peppery, lemony, and so fibrous (be careful).

Food is served with injera, which is a spongy crepe like bread you use to eat the food with. Gluten free injera is also available. Soon they will carry their stuff at whole turds, too! Chester can't wait. 

P.S. Chester says, "don't forget the tums"
A family favorite, but we have to go when we are hungry!
I am a road  warrior and enjoy finding new places that are not main stream. The best food is always homegrown/locally owned, reasonably priced and causes u to wish they would go main stream. Cafe Lalibela is a fantastic restaurant with superb food, friendly and prompt service, and a casual atmosphere. Mona brought me the spicy combo; some chicken, beef, lentils, watt and cabbage. It was delicious; I at everything to the point of no return. (That is when u are full, know y should stop but can't). Fresh, complex, tangy, healthy and unique is how I would describe my meal. I will come back next time I'm in town.
This place might be my favorite restaurant in AZ. The food is all incredibly affordable, always served very quickly and the options are great. This place boasts an impressive vegan and vegetarian menu and literally everything on it is amazing. Service is always good as well, my drinks are always refilled, food comes fast, and the staff is very kind.

Overall, definitely recommend! Great way to experience Ethiopian food and great dinner out without spending a lot.
It's a pretty bad sign when natives don't come to this restaurant. This is not authentic ethopian food and made specifically to cater to Americans. This was the first time I was offered a fork which was bad sign #1. The injera taste like a tortilla and nothing like authentic injera, bad sign #2. Finally the awaze tibs was bland and the doro wot was extremely sweet. 

Definitely won't be coming back here since this is pretty much saying panda express is authentic Chinese food.
This was my third time here and once again it was a really good experience.  We ordered #21 and it didn't disappoint. 21 has beef, yellow peas and a potato/carrot/cabbage dish. All were well made and flavorful. I love the sourdough flavor of the 'bread' -- not too sour to be overwhelming but a kick to know it's a bit different. 
Service is always ok...not exceptional but usually given with a smile.
Seating is never a problem,  even with a larger group.
We'll be back again!
**Original review from 5/20/2011. Updating new profile.**

Mmmmmm I love this place. I've been coming here on a regular basis since 2007. Found this place because I was mad at my boss and was driving around and pulled in to try Essence Bakery and was distracted by the fact there was an Ethiopian restaurant in the same plaza. So I decided to try this place instead. So, so, so glad I did.

(Regarding my first time) I walked in and immediately fell in love with aroma of the place. It was definitely tickling my senses. I ordered the doro wat (chicken) w/the traditional egg, misr wat (red lentils) and the fosolia (green beans and carrots in a tomato sauce). This was served with injera (looks like a crepe and tastes like a heavenly sourdough bread). To drink, I ordered the Yekmen tea, cold. Wow, talk about a drink to complement your food. This tea is fantastic.

The food is very flavorful. The spices are well balanced. Their version of spicy/heat is pretty mild for my taste, but everyone has their opinions of this. I highly recommend getting the Yekemen/Yekmen chai, hot or cold, with your order. The spices in the tea complement the spices used in the food very well. This is coming from someone who always order water with her meals. This is probably the only place I order tea instead of water.

I've heard some people complain about the service. Well, guess what, in Ethiopian culture, they are very laid back. This place does check on you, sometimes slowly. I'm grateful for that. Understanding the culture, I don't complain about the service. I do recommend that if you are in a hurry, place your order to-go.

Here's the one downfall. Their food is a little on the oily side. Wat is a type of thick stew and most of the wat recipes call for kibae, a type of spiced butter. I thought at first that the oily part was going to be a problem for me, but after dining at Blue Nile, I discarded the notion. Blue Nile had almost none of this oil, but then again, they lack the flavor too. That's another review for later though. I'll take the flavor any day!

I've since brought my mother, son, sister, friends, co-workers, clients and anyone I can think of. Their reactions are always: surprise that they like Ethiopian food and that they want to come back for more.
Yum yum yum is what I have to say about this place. I live right near it. Don't go often but when I do it never disappoints
I've never tried Ethiopian food before, but now I'm a fan!

I came here on a Saturday night around 7 pm and there was no wait for my party of 6 people, which was great for us!  Around 7:30-8 the restaurant started filling up and by the time we left pretty much all the tables were occupied.

We ordered the large vegetarian platter, which is supposed to feed 3+ people. I would say it could feed 4 people comfortably.  since we had more than 4 people we also ordered the individual meat platter, and plus I wanted to try some of the meat dishes.  while the meat dishes were alright, I preferred the vegetarian dishes by far.

sadly, I don't know the names of what I was eating bc there were so many different dishes on the platter, but I really liked how they prepared the veggies.  I even liked the collard greens, which I was expecting to hate!

the bread you use to scoop up the food is really interesting, it's a thin almost crepe like bread, but quite flexible and spongy.  it pretty much has no flavor to it, it's just a means for getting the food into your mouth. I liked the texture of it though, and it enhanced the meal.
waiters were snobs.

music was horrible!--sorry am not a country music fan.

overall, a disappointment...and i was so excited, too.
Expensive drinks.  Loud.  Themed.  Kinda gross.  

My real problem with this place is that they do not let you sleep on the floor of the patio, and sometimes when you're in Vegas, that's really all you need.  Not a long nap, but just 3 minutes - power nap.  But no, not at Jimmy Buffet's.  Within seconds there is a team of security around you asking you to take it elsewhere.  

Who wants to go somewhere like that?  Not me.
This is an okay place to get a burger and a margarita.  They're strong (both the burger and the margarita) but if you've been working a tradeshow and want to quickly get inebriated - come to margaritaville, have 2 perfect 'ritas, and all will be well in the world.
If you're a big Jimmy Buffet fan or just LOVE margaritas, this place is for you and you'd probably rate it 4 stars.
Not me.
I only like fruit-frozen blended margaritas and NOT smelly restaurant/bars that try too hard to resemble tropical locales that which I have actually been to--like Jamaica. 
And by smelly, I mean, "Why the heck do I detect an aroma of stale beer water slash stale air moldy ick ick ick!?"
I've been here before and had a burger.  Blah.  Not good, maybe even kinda boring and bland for the more than $10 it cost me. 

You're better off getting one of those Margaritas-by-the-yard at the Venetian Shops or the Alladin Shops.
Meh.

Don't get me wrong... Jimmy Buffet can be my friend. But Jimmy, let me tell you I won't be wasting away... or my money... again at Margaritaville.

Service was iffy... the food was even more questionable. A worse-than-cheezy cover band tried to "entertain" from the stage.

The only good thing? I snagged a postcard out of our bill folder and sent it to my mom. She was thrilled to get a postcard from me in Vegas, so I scored some points in that area at least!
Yea this place is kinda a tourist trap. So here's this huge two/three floor restaurant/bar that people can come and hang out with parrotheads and drink cheap tequila margaritas. Yes they carry the brand of their very own Margaritaville tequila. Good marketing concept. But tequila drinkers know that tequila should not be infused with sweet artificial flavors of coconuts, lime, oranges, etc....This place invites the smell and sounds of the islands. Ok the ghetto part. Where the stale beer lingers and the smell of sweat and suntan lotion lingers. 
As far as the food is concerned ok you gotta think typical bar/restaurant tropical cliche....
Uhm who has crab cakes? Ohhhh how original. "Yea the crabcakes are soooo goooood" bleh bleh
Wings - got wings? Ohhh yea wow..wings.....
What about coconut shrimp...? 
OH YEA THE COCONUT SHRIMP! Wow Fantastic...yea......
Well I had apps and they really weren't bad....because they were like costco brand. Maybe I'm just not impressed anymore and I need something more original? Maybe it's just overpriced and I'm bitter because the tequila is not that high quality and I need something with uhmph!
Fun place to chill with a lot of friends and I really like the outdoors patio.  This is a good starting spot in Vegas.  The food wasn't great, but I guess that's not the point.  

If you go, try to sit on the patio on the 3rd floor.  It is less crowded than downstairs and has a cooler atmosphere.
I'm not a parrothead by any means, but Margaritaville wasn't all that bad.  It smelled no worse than Caesar's Palace or anywhere else on the outside of Vegas (I kept smelling raw sewage everywhere....ewwwww) and I could smell inside Margaritaville was food.  It was a great place to go with my coworkers because a) you didn't need to dress up post-tradeshow, b) we got funky balloon hats to help lighten somber moods, and c) it was quick, the food was pretty damn decent, and there was alcohol involved.  While I prefer my neighbourhood 'rita the best (Maiz, Chicago), Margaritaville does a decent job.
I came back here again for a frozen margarita (more than once) & was impressed that this time I tasted the tequila in their berry margaritas. The food usually is consistently good from burgers, we ordered just a seared tuna appetizer which I thought was a good Asian fusion with the spices & unique coleslaw to cool down the spiciness.
The times I've gone were around lunch to afternoon times.
This place cost me $35 for two small sized margarita's (came with the collectable plastic glass). The margarita's were watered down and gave me a headache from all the sugar & salt in them. Out of all the margarita's I have downed in the last few years this was the worst.
Apparently peope don't like Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville. Smelly atmosphere, long waits, tourist trap...

I actually had a decent time there, and maybe it was because I was there during lunch hour on a weekday. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which was very good...and like four Patron margaritas. 

I can see how it could get packed and ugly, but it was great when I was there...
There's nothing better than a fun group of people, warm weather and a Mai Tai in my hand.  Yes, I'm that easy to please. The Volcano Nachos and strawberry daiquiris are way good too.  

If your crew is into margaritas, there is this jumbo concoction that you can order.  It's a huge tube filled with margarita dispensed through a tap.  It sits at your table for you to use at your convenience.  They say it serves up to eight, but a group of 4 at our table made short work of the contents within an hour :)  A word to the wise, try and get them to change the tequila they use to a top shelf brand; their homemade concoction is icky (and has made some of the folks at my table sick in the past).

One other note, there is an lovely outdoor patio upstairs (on the 3rd floor?) with plenty of shade.  The line for seating up there was MUCH shorter than the line downstairs.  We were told that our party of 12 would be seated in 2 hrs. downstairs, so we left our name, but then went upstairs to try our luck.  We were seated in 35 minutes, yay!
Reason:
Wandering the strip, and my sister had heard this place was pretty good.

Bueno:
The food is really good for the price. Everything on our table was delicious!! Nachos, cheeseburger, steak and shrimp...frickin' awesome. I didn't drink, so I don't know how the alcohol was.

No Bueno:
The waitress was pretty shitty. She could've learned to smile JUST a bit and took a good long time to take care of us. That, and I really don't care much for Jimmy...and his music got old by the time we left. I can't imagine working there and hearing that music ALL the time.
Kind of like a theme restaurant/bar for 40 year olds who like to feel like they've still got it. Nothing worth going out of your way for. I stayed at the Flamingo so it was connected to my hotel, otherwise I never would have gone in. Nice view of the Strip from the rooftop deck, decent margaritas (they'd better be), mediocre cover band playin in the main room. Not bad, not good.
1st star: Nachos are huge
2nd star: Mango margaritas are really yummie
3rd star: Friendly Hostesses! 

Other than those three things, there really isn't anything super special about this spot. It was fun but only for a minute and only until these dudes walked in with their tiny lil nut cutter bootie shorts on, sportin "HOOTERS" on the back. that was a joke. i was hoping it was just a bad dream. these dudes' nuts were hangin' out of their shorts. it was embarassing. even i was ashamed for them!! 

I got into it with one of the dudes there because she had smashed my girlfriend's toes with his huge paws...but whatever! He knew better. =P
This definitely screams tourist trap, but it's a fun place too. My friends and i had drinks and nachos here and boy those nachos....it's enough to feed a family 10 i think. The margaritas are good, unless you get it on the rocks, you can't really taste the alcohol in the frozen ones, but they are still yummy. The staff and our waitress was pretty cool, they had a good energy and seemed (at least seemed) to be enjoying themselves. I'm only giving it three stars just because it's nothing really special and it wouldn' t make me have to come here the next time, you know?
I'm not a huge Jimmy Buffett fan, but I do love me some Ritas! We had a late lunch last week after we touched down and the nachos were super yummy but the Perfect Margarita was watered down and rather pettite. We split some burgers that were pretty juicy, but once I browsed the touristy gift shop, I was just about ready to write this place off, but I thought, hey I'm a little grumpy from traveling (I know, it's only 1.5 hours, but still) so I'll give it another try. We decided to stop by the bar the last day we were there (hours before we had to catch our plane) and I had 3 Perfect Margaritas. OK, I should have stopped at 2 b/c the drinks at the bar are way bigger and stronger than anything in the restaurant, plus it always helps to make friends with the bartender. So, the lesson learned, skip the restaurant but hit the bar for a killer Perfect Margarita and all you penny-pinchers, remember to tip your bartender. Good tips = good drinks!
A fun place, with okay food.  I'm not a Parrot-head or whatever, but I still had a good time.  Normally I'd say it's expensive, but considering it's Vegas I guess it was a pretty reasonable lunch (my wife and I ate lunch - hamburger and a club, had a couple of drinks) and it was about a $100.  If I had one down the street I'd probably never go, but since I was on vacation it was a pretty cool place to grab a bite.
Hands down my favorite place in Las Vegas.  Is it because...the bartenders give me free drinks?  There's no cover?  You can park at O'shea's, grab a dollar draft and then hop across the street?  The outside bar on the upstairs balcony?  The drummer is cute and one of the coolest guys you'll ever meet?  Yes to all of the above.  Plus, and maybe most importantly, excellent captain and cokes served here.  If you're not in the mood to be a poser at one of the ultra groovy night clubs, this is a very chill spot on the strip.  Also, they have a ginormous nacho plate, if you're into that.
I enjoyed myself here, but it's not a place you want to spend the entire night. It's better to stop by here as part of your Vegas crawl. Their exotic drinks were good, and the band was all right. This is a bit of a place for an older crowd. This one was a lot better than the one in Myrtle Beach for sure.
I'm a Parrothead and had never been to a Margaritaville.  We stopped there for lunch when we arrived in Vegas.   Parking at the Flamingo Hilton was easy (Valet) but the cafe is on the opposite end of the hotel - be prepared for a bit of a walk.

The decor/atmosphere was great - not as tacky or flashy as I had imagined.   Margaritaville radio was playing and it wasn't too loud.   

Food was better than I expected.  We had the Volcano nachos (HUGE!) and the "Cheeseburgers in Paradise".  The cheeseburgers were fine (nothing special) but the fries were great.   My one complaint is that the service was very slow.  (it wasn't crowded).    

Of course there is a massive gift shop.   Overall I was pleased and would go back for lunch.
Good place to go for a early dinner and get a jump on the night with some high quality drinks.  If you have been drinking Jim Beam and Jack Danials like they quit make'n the suff this would be a nice frozen break.  I about went to break the speakers cuz i love buffett but if you are their to long you will want to leave cuz of the music.  Avg food, Great drinks and nice deck area.
We went here for a sports game and sat at the bar.  We had the volcano nachos: chili and the works on them.  They were some of the best Nachos I have ever had, and absolutely huge.  They were around $10 bucks and we couldn't finish them as our meal!  Also, we had house margaritas.  They were around $7.50 and very delicious and very potent.  You are feeling pretty tipsy after 2.  I was skeptical, but our experience was a great value.
The only thing that saves this place is the location.  Right on the strip near the Flamingo, across from Bellagio.  Right on the corner.  Can't be beat.

I was feeling fruity and got a strawberry daquiri here once.  It was way too strong and really wasn't the iced adult beverage you expect.  Instead it came out of some slurpee type dispenser.  Please put a little effort in if I'm paying 10 bucks!  Is a blender too much to ask?

Margaritaville is a good rendezvous point to start the night because it's easy to find/get to.  Don't stay too long unless you like being butts to nutts with tourists.  Maybe it's slightly better during the week?
Being a fan of Jimmy Buffett, I really like this place.

I've been here several times in the past, and have always loved the party atmosphere in the place, and also love the Cheeseburger in Paradise, with lettuce and tomato, heinz 57 and french fried potato, big kosher pickle and cold draft beer.

This last time I was there was the first time there wasn't a live band performing, I was able to watch the show where the girl climbs up the volcano, falls into it, and emerges out of it in a bikini, slides down the mountain, and ends up in a huge glass of margaritta.

I guess it is a bit expensive for some people, but overall, I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the decorations, the fact that there are no slot machines or tables in the place, etc.
Jimmy Buffett would be ASHAMED with what is happening at this particular restaurant. I really don't see him kicking back with a margarita and listening to loud R&B music with flashing studio lights.  The ambiance was LOUD and frat boy-esque.  There were NO tables away from the blasting music... and it was quite dark inside.  The volcano nachos were weird... SERIOUSLY???? Cheese whiz on 15 buck nachos??? They were large in portion... but NOT worth hot dog stand quality cheese.  The soup i had was okay... nothing to write home about. We had to flag down a waitress about 4 times... but she WAS "swamped" so... who knows?! Margarita was alright... the atmosphere really ruined everything. NO GOOD.
Definitely touristy, lots of families, wait seems pretty much forever (or 45 minutes, whichever comes first). And yet the ambiance is great, the staff are friendly, the food is surprisingly good, and it isn't very expensive. Gotta get the Margies, of course - and I would recommend Jimmy's Jammin Jambalaya.

Plastic accepted, of course. Music would be better if they actually *finished* one of Buffet's songs.
Volcano Nachos. Get these and you will be happy. I finished it between me and my gf, but it could have easily been shared with 3 or 4. Ridiculous. Margaritas are ok, I got the big Rita I think, and it came with a nice cup to take home. Nice and loud.. rowdy ambiance. I liked it a lot. 

Plus they had pirates, lifeguards, and seamen (oh yeah) walking around on stilts making balloons. We got a shark and flower hat.. pretty weak.. should have gotten the animal or viking hat.

Oh and a tip... the bar is first come first serve seating.. so go and camp out some tables and don't wait in line like the other chumps.
Definitely touristy and overpriced.  But, when I was visiting in the summer and it was 110 degrees outside and I was carrying my shopping bags, I stopped in for a refreshing frozen drink and, I gotta tell ya, it sure hit the spot.  I had the banana colada drink (the pina colada with some banana flavoring dumped in) and I did like it.  It was pretty sweet but it was so cold and the sun was so hot that I didn't mind.  I sat at the bar and the extremely friendly bartender kept giving me samples of other flavors, too, so that was a bonus.  

I only sat at the sidewalk bar and had no food but I had a nice time and enjoyed my drink.  Since it was pricey, I was leaning toward a 3 star rating but the bartender was so nice that I bumped it up to 4 stars.
Every time I go to Vegas, I gotta hit up Margaritaville!!  

The decor is kinda all over the place.  Surfboards on the walls, Tiki hut bar, and waiters dressed as pirates on stilts making balloon hats?  Hahaha, wtf.  I got a heart hat and my friend got one with a turtle, kinda.  

The margaritas are good--I go for the mango margarita, simple but it was made perfectly (when I had it).  Nachos are of course the big hit with its portion.  Oh, and you know when you're in Vegas when there's a woman in a bikini who dances around the restaurant, climbs up the roof of the tiki hut bar, and slides down into a big ass margarita blender while doing a water show!  Haha, very entertaining!
One of the more reasonably priced places on the strip to have a bite to eat.  The food didn't stand out, but I remember it to be good.  The drinks were yummy and cheap.  We got our mid afternoon drink on.  Great place to step inside and cool off from the over 100 degree heat in the summer.
During my last vacation in Vegas, Margaritaville was the first stop during our first night out.  We wanted our first night to be more relaxing, so we decided to get some drinks and walk around the strip.  While we were at Margaritaville, we sat in the outdoor bar at the top.  I'm not sure if we would have had as much fun if we were in the main area of the restaurant, since it's pretty loud and full of people.  However, the outdoor bar was really chill with a full bar and bunch of tables. 

And just as Benjamin Y. mentioned, the tables are first come first serve. We finally figured that out after a waitress told us to sit anyhwere we wanted.  We were able to get a table at the edge of the bar area , with a great view of Caesar's palace and got to watch the packed outdoor patio of Pure Nightclub.

The great thing about this place is that it's on the strip, but it's not super fancy, so the prices are good. The drinks that I had while we were here were very good, and ranged around $7 for shots, and $8-$10 for cocktails... Definitely a lot better than other places on the strip or in the casinos.

If you're having a casual night out, I would suggest Margaritaville as one of your stops... Save some money and sit around and listen to r&b/hip hop, and of course the live singing... you can laugh at the people who suck at singing... (no offense to those who have sang live there.. but it's entertaining)
The food here was decent, and decent price for Vegas.  I had their mushroom burger.  

They have a waterslide inside, where a half naked chick slides down as they sing a song.  That was interesting.
We all know Jimmy Buffet, and we all are aware of his love for all things tropical. His restaurant on "the strip" in Vegas is pretty darn fun. It is very VERY large and ALWAYS booming with people. I really enjoyed the men on stilts walking around making creative things with balloons. The margaritas were great, but I only gave it 4 stars because the food was not phenomenal. It is one of the cheaper places to eat on the strip, which draws a crowd, but the food was so so. At night it turns in to a dance club, which I hear is pretty fun.

This is one to check out wile your visiting....if nothing else, get a balloon hat, cool off from the 100 degree heat or enjoy a margarita ;o)
Great place for a relatively inexpensive meal.  Considering everything on the strip costs an arm and a leg!  The beer selection was good.  The margaritas were very good (and strong!).  We tried the nachos.  OMG!  These were possibly the best nachos I have ever had!  We wound up going there twice because we were impressed the first time.  The burgers are average.  If you go, go up to the 3rd floor as there is a bar and outdoor seating overlooking the strip.  VERY awesome!  Highly recommend!
I hated this place.  So tacky.  So loud... and not club/cool loud, cheesy cover band loud.  Annoying guy walking around on stilts making balloon animals.  Super overpriced food.  PASS!
1.5 hr wait!!! no thanks. i'll just take my margarita on to go then.

i've eaten here a couple of times, typical bar food, nothing special. but their margaritas are pretty good!! i usually stop by here for a margarita, then i'm on my way to the next blackjack table, donating to the las vegas cause.
My first visit was late in the evening on my first trip to Vegas.  It was a Monday night and the place was absolutely dead.  We were so bored that we barely made it through one drink.  

My second visit was much better.  We went there for lunch and sat on the rooftop area.  The view was excellent, the Margaritas were fantastic and the atmosphere in general screamed Carribean vacation.  It was what I was looking for the first visit.  I think the key is to go when you can sit out on the rooftop and soak in the rays.  It likely helps them sell more Margaritas that way too!
Meh....as expected for a chain restaurant in Vegas.  Everything was average....food emphasized quantity over quality, cocktails were ok, and service was average.  I found the crowd annoying....it's kind of a place where people stumble in off the street so you get a lot of that vibe in the restaurant.
3rd floor patio is a great view of the Strip. Food is typically chain food, time tested to be mediocre but good enough that it's not distracting from the fun. The only time I'd come here is if I was meeting friends from out of town.

DO NOT get the margaritas frozen from the machine. They're WEAK. Get the bartender to mix one up for you on the rocks. But that generally the case in any place that has a margarita machine.
We never felt like waiting in line for dinner.. but it was convienient for a quick breakfast stop ... Mostly just omlets, and I think they were about 12-13 bucks a peice... but we sat on the 3rd floor overlooking the strip and Ceaser's... 

They were GIANT omlets though, both of us only finished half.  Maybe they should make half portions.. or next time maybe we'll share one!  I hate wasting food .. especially if i'm paying 12 bucks for a couple eggs... :)
This place was decent, although holy insane crowds, batman! It was a Saturday evening in Vegas, so I expected it to be busy, but wow. When we finally were seated an hour later, we ordered drinks, which were ok. My boyfriend got a bartender's margarita, and ironically, he said it was one of the worst ones he'd ever had. I'm partial to sweet drinks, but even mine was so sweet I had a hard time getting it down. 

Our food was pretty good, and the strange people on stilts (I didn't get it) were nice, albeit a little creepy. I think we both went here to say we'd been, but I doubt we'll go again next time we're in Vegas. If for no other reason, than I don't know if I could listen to that many Jimmy Buffet songs in a row again.
Went here the other day so I could feel like a tourist... it definitely put me in that "I'm on vacation" kind of mood. The wait sucked, but once we sat down we found the food to be decent. Nachos were pretty good, but coming from Texas I've eaten far better nachos in my day... bigger doesn't always mean better! Drinks were decent but pricey (when on the strip one can't be in denial, you have to learn to accept that all drink prices suck!). 

Atmosphere was incredibly cheesey.. but it will put you in that vacation mood!
Great way to kill some time in between losing tons of cash at the tables in Vegas. Right on the strip and plenty of room in this giant bar/restaurant. They are blasting songs from the likes of Jack Johnson, Dave Matthews and of course the man himself Jimmy Buffett. We did not eat and hung out on the front porch area while killing some time before seeing a concert. Drank many beers,pina coladas and of course margaritas. The porch is a great location to do some people watching and getting wasted as the hot Vegas sun beams down on you. I go to Vegas often and seem to always find myself here for a drink. Touristy it is...but who cares the drinks are great and honestly Vegas is pretty much an entire tourist trap.
Went on a Friday night with a group of friends.

Good points:
Location
Atmosphere is fun, people wanting to party
Our server was great, very on the ball
Plain margarita was strong, so I felt I got my $$ worth
Food prices were decent
View from 2nd floor of strip at night is great!

So/So points:
Very loud music, hard to hear conversations
Food is sorta blaw, felt like a Chilli's/TGIF menu?
May priority seating reservations or you will wait forever

Overall, a good time, but nothing to write home about.
I recently visited Margaritaville to grab a couple of drinks with a friend, and I have upgraded the place from "I don't want to go there" to "I don't mind going there."  I'll be honest, I'm not crazy about the place.  The house band is loud and pretty cheezy IMHO, but everyone else in the world seems to enjoy 'em.  The bar is always super packed, hence next to impossible to get a drink.  And the prices are pretty hefty for being just a shitty little bar.

Why the upgrade?  Well, on the Tuesday night I went, it was pretty empty.  My friend and I found seats at the bar and had a very friendly bartender who was able to assist us in charging our drinks to my friend's room at Harrah's.  Kind of a cool Harrah's perk, I guess.  Great place for people watching on the patio, too.

If it's my choice, though, I'll pick a different spot to go eat or drink at.
We visited Margaritaville a few times during our stay in Vegas last weekend.  I thought that overall--the food was a great value for the price--for Vegas anyway and the drinks were yummy!  

I would suggest that they add a Mojito to the drink menu tho....come-on now!!...get some damn mint!!

The 3rd floor is great for people watching, the guy on stilts is cool and I really liked the whole decor of the place.  

Service on the whole was very good!

Gift shop is, of course, extremely overpriced but whatcha gonna do....

There were some anirondack chairs in the hallway into the giftshop that seemed to have a mysterious effect on anyone who sat down in them--whenever we walked past the chairs there was at least one person totally zonked out sleeping with mouth open---musta had one too many perfect margaritas.....
it's MARGARITAVILLE! right there the stars are earned. our wait was so ridiculous.. over an hour. we were a group of 8 on a friday night, so i can't complain much. we had the margarita dispenser which is GENIUS!!

imagine a long cylinder filled with cuervo margaritas, with a dispenser on the bottom. it makes a great margarita-bong! we ordered appetizers of nachos (HUGE) and entrees of cheeseburgers (in paradise) and different american-type foods.

fun, entertaining, and a gift shop on the second floor with tons of cute-but-touristy merchandise.

if you're in vegas, which i know you will be!, you have to stop here. try lunch, if possible. the wait won't be so bad.
I love Jimmy Buffet, so why not eat at his restaurant.  I got a large margarita that came with a glass, I collect the cocktail glasses when ever I go somewhere.  I think it was like $13 or something around that.  My dad got the regular and it was filled with more ice than anything... so always get the large which my dad usually does.  

I ate the tortilla soup, which was great! We also got the appetiser nachos because we were not that hungry.  Man those nachos could have been dinner for 2 to 3 people and I'm sure would be fantastic if your drunk or hung over.

Recap: Get Large Margarita with take away glass and NACHOS!!!!
I was fortunate to be invited/included with a hotel group who were being treated to lunch as part of this restaurant's effort to help stimulate more business in this downturned economy. Part of lunch was the "grand tour" of the facility which is huge, seats 1200 people, employees 200-300 and hopes for business in Las Vegas to start an upward spiral.  Even with all comped, i must say the service was efficient and friendly, food items for all 7 of us were tasty, plentiful, cooked well and imaginative. Drinks were good as well. If I had a negative, it was that the noise level is very high. But, what they do is done well. It isn't a quiet sit down type of place... its' bubbly and party time atmosphere.
Went here for my birthday!!

Very Loud, awesome food and awesome drinks!

all i can say is.......wasting away again in Margaritaville
Cheesy in a good way.  I felt like I was eating dinner on spring break here.  Huge vat of margarita with pouring spout, tacky boat decor, dvd of Jimmy buffet concerts playing, and waiters wearing hawaiian shirts.  It sounds like I'm knocking this place, but I had a lot of fun with my friends here.  The atmosphere is really casual especially for vegas.  It looked like a SF fisherman's wharf crowd here if you know what I mean.
our waiter was a typical beach bum dufus in that he brought our drinks to a table nearby, then spaced out actually serving them us! however, once we got the drinks, my Top Shelf Marg was superb... one of the best ever. And our dinner, ribs and Cuban sandwich were really pretty good, exceeding our expectations to be sure. Not too expensive. 
Perfect way to feed the family well at Vegas, without stopping to crappy food court food or McDonalds, or without spending a ton of money at fancier places.
The wait for a table can be long.   If you're downstairs.   Go upstairs and jump in line.   We were seated within 5-10 minutes (downstairs where it was hot and muggy, we were told an hour).   We were seated outside on the deck overlooking the Strip.  The weather was perfect and it was SO nice!   

The food was good.   Pretty much what you'd expect from a chain type restaurant.   The servings were HUGE, so consider splitting one dish.  Hey, you can always order more if you're still hungry, right?

Great service.   We were moved to a table against the railing when I requested instead of back against the wall, which was super nice of them.  Pirates on stilts were hobbling around making balloon animals for random tables.  They skipped ours.  Boo!

Loved the classic rock they had playing over satellite radio.   Not too loud, so we could still have a conversation without being drowned out.
It does take a while to get seated. We waited for about 25 mins or so. There is a lot of people around 6pm. The interesting thing is that they have these people who walk on those wooden thingys that make them really tall and they make balloon animals and stuff. We stayed long enough to see the volcano erupt with margarita and there's this girl that slides down into a cup filled with margarita. She does a little dance. The volcano nachos were really good! we asked for more guacamole and it was free. We also had the coconut fried shrimp with mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. It was okay. The shrimp was fried too crispy and hard. The veggies were too soft. The mashed potatoes was the only good thing. I didn't get to try the drinks here though. The atmosphere here is a bit too noisy for me and my bf.
While on my own little Vegas vacation, my family and I passed this awesome little spot on the strip, and I just HAD to check it out.  Being a huge fan of the beverage perfection that is the margarita, I dragged my family in.

There was a small wait during midday Tuesday (about 15 min), but the waiting area was comfortable and air conditioned, and the staff was very friendly overall.  I started off with their "Perfect Margarita", which consisted of both gold and silver margaritaville tequila (which I guess was to be expected considering it's Jimmy Buffet's own brand), and it was one of the better restaurant made margaritas that I've had recently.

As an appetizer, the 4 of us split an order of conch fritters (6), which were very tasty.  It would have been very easy to eat the whole appetizer solo, but I'm glad I didn't, because I definitely wanted room for the main course.

My main dish was Jamaican Jerk Shrimp and pasta, which came with a creme sauce that was spicy, but not overbearingly so.  The shrimp were large, and there was a good amount of them, as well.  I couldn't help but finish the whole plate off, the entree was so good I could have licked my plate clean if I wasn't in public.  My sister got the king crab and shrimp salad, and though I only tasted a small portion of it, I was impressed, and would order it the next time.
Hit and miss..hope to god you dont get seated under an a/c vent cause you will freeze! haha. the food is ok...ive had the chicken sandwich which was one of the best i have ever had, then ordered it again on a later visit and was very disappointed. The crab dip is really good, very cheesy. The best thing about this place is that if you order a drink and you dont like it, they happily swap it out with something else for you
After a night of clubs and lines, Margaritaville was a welcome change.  Who cares that we were totally overdressed, it was just wonderful to have a place where a margarita cost $7.50 (especially after paying twice that much for a beer elsewhere).  

Going in the later hours of the night / early hours of the morning, there were no lines (in stark contrast to all clubs), there was a live band (not a DJ), and plenty of places to sit where you didn't have to pay the cost of a used car.

The margaritas were good, strong, and priced to impress.  Same goes for the frozen margarita/sangria concoction my friend got that was nothing short of wonderful.  Had a great time here.
Our group seemed to flock to this place.  One night we had the entire upper deck to ourselves for a party with a private band, which was pretty cool, the other nights we mixed in with everyone else downstairs (and danced to another band) the band was good, there were pleanty of places to sit - which was also nice, but it's just Margaritaville really.  Very touristy, and not exactly my type of place.

There was food at the private party, but I didn't try any of it - looked good tho.
I found myself walking...yes WALKING in the dead heat of summer past Margaritaville, and to tell you the truth, nothing sounded better than a big frozen margarita at that moment. In I hobbled, as I was wearing high heels ( who does this during the day besides strippers....oh wait, me..) and was greeted by the host. Friendly and efficiently, I was led directly to the bar, where the bartender was right there to fulfill my every frozen margarita need. He recommend several, and I sat there and drank three so quickly I got instant brain freeze. His suggestions were well worth it, and my craving for frozen alcohol was satisfied. Prices were decent for Vegas, not cheap by any means, but not outrageous as poolside ritas would have been.
I don't think I'd come here for food, as there are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, but when in need of a quick refreshing frozen rita, I'll be right back at Margaritaville.
Great (but not strong) margaritas. Average food and ambiance. I have tried most of the frozen margaritas here. Mango is the best. Wildberry is solid too. Pomegranite is average. Lime is average. It's a tasty margarita, though for $7 it's a bit overpriced for the lack of alchy inside. The food here is nothing to marvel at. The jerk salmon and sweet pork sandwich are solid. The broccoli and chicken pasta is unremarkable and overpriced. Their hourly margarita volcano is lackluster. A decent lunch on the strip, but I think I'd rather go elsewhere in Vegas.
located in flamingo hilton, this restaurant kinda reminds me of rainforest cafe, hard rock cafe, etc. you know, typical americanized food options, somewhat long wait, and a store in the front. well, the store does allow you to pass the time while you wait for a table. but how long can you look at merch with "margaritaville" all over it? 

i must say, though, that the food is definitely good here. i ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with mixed greens and blue cheese. it was awesome. my sis had a cheeseburger that came with jalapenos, and i stole those babies and put them in my burger. HEAVEN. came with a side of yummy fries. 

when we were there, they also had this show where pirates on stilts came out, starting blowing whistles, and i guess a "margarita girl" was dancing around and splashing around in a pool of margarita. i don't know, it was kinda weird, i couldn't really see it 'cause the sun was shining in my eye, and the whistles were kinda annoying. but the stilts were cool, i'll give them that.

this place was just way too loud though. i don't mind people talking, but when the music is blaring through the speakers and everyone's shouting to be heard, it can really mess up a meal. it makes it impossible to communicate with anyone. 

i guess this place gets really busy though, 'cause it was reeeeeally hard to flag down our waiter. well, most of the time, we couldn't even find him! 

i guess this place is just meh...good sandwich, but not something to go BANANAS over. you might want to stay away from the jambalaya though. from what i heard, it was kinda salty.
I don't care what anyone else says, there are just so many reasons to give this place 5 stars:

1) The super-friendly and attentive waiter, who always had the right drink suggestion when you just couldn't decide.

2) The Italian margarita, which tasted like mobsters and biscotti, except in yummy margarita form. One of the best (and most unique) margaritas I've ever had.

3) The cover band, playing all sorts of songs we could sing along to obnoxiously. Most notably, "Livin' on a Prayer." And, of course, Jimmy Buffett tunes.

4) The totally insane patrons dancing along to said cover band. There were these 2 girls in particular, I was so proud of them. Dancing out there on the empty dance floor all alone, waving their arms and flouncing about. Eventually they got a bunch of people out there with them. Not Jess and I though, we were content to watch and be entertained.

5) The cheeseburgers -- Jimmy Buffett would be proud.

6) The patrons passed out in deck chairs out in the hallway.

Seriously, this is my new favorite bar. Ever. And there's a gift shop where you can get all your Jimmy Buffett gear! Score!
This review is only for the margaritas. 

Wow! So good I don't care about how calorific it is or how hung over I will be after 4 or 5 of these. They are just that good!! 

I think if you are in Vegas and it's freaking hot out, you gotta have at least one. Especially the frozen ones. Not as much variety of tequila as El Jardin at Santana Row (Bay Area, CA) but still good quality margaritas.
Spent a lot of time here on the last trip to Vegas, good times!!

They have really good Pina Coladas.... however expensive but they're worth it!  Gotta love a place with more than one bar, a dance floor, restaurant, and a store... so much going on! 

The live band was good and played a wide variety of music.. there weren't too many people gettin down on the dance floor though, but once we got the drinks rolling it was a good time!  

They have this weird lil game right before you walk into the store with a metal ring on a cord... I can't get it to work to save my life... 

The store has so much cute stuff I found it necessary to blow some money in there too =)  Saw a guy passed out in one of the adirondack chairs in the hallway... take note, do NOT sit in a really low adirondack chair if you are wearing a skirt/dress... bad idea! 

Funniest thing is, I hate tequila, we are not friends but I had a great time here anyway!  Definitely check it out!
I have to say, I really had a great time at this restaurant!  We started off at the bar, and had a margarita.  Yeah, they are a bit pricey, but man, they were worth it!  Then, we were finally seated, and ordered drinks at our table (after we finished our margaritas)..  Then came the insanity.  We ordered the nachos as an appetizer, and I swear it could have been a meal for both of us.  The platter was HUGE, and the nachos were overflowing the plate!  It was amazing - and they tasted very good too!

The rest of the food was excellent too.  The burgers and the chicken were spot on!  And it was fun to watch the insanity that goes on around in this place.  I think this place is better off for the atmosphere itself, but the food does not take anything away either.  It's plenty different from all the other restaurants on the strip, but if you are looking to have some fun, and a good meal, how could you go wrong in Margaritaville??

....wasting away in margaritaville.....
One word, OVERATED!  Food was just ok, nothing special.  Atmosphere was over the top and trying too hard.
If you're into Jimmy Buffet, I can see how this place would be Mecca. But I'm not. So its not. 

I've only been here like three times and all three times were for lunch. 

When we went they did the whole thing where the hot girl jumps in the margarita tank and the volcano erupts. Its for the tourists and the kids, really. 

Anyways. The food is okay. Its just an over-priced burger joint. I've had a veggie burger. Nothing fancy to it. Same with the coconut shrimp served with orange marmalade, veggies, and mashed potatoes. Its SUPPOSED to be one of their specialties. Big fat MEH. 

The service is always friendly and the bathrooms are clean. But I still kind of feel like the place is trashy. 

The frou-frou margaritas are pretty good. But they better be for $8-10. And since "margarita" is in the name of the joint. 

Parking is kinda crappy. The closest parking is in the structure NEXT door to Flamingo's. O'Shea's is in the same building. But every time I've been, you almost have to drive to the roof to get parking. And the lot is damn confusing. Then you have to walk across the alley, passing the big dumpster behind Margaritaville which smells like dying animals. Enjoy!
Damn, check out Hiland H.'s Nachos in the pics, that's exactly what we had and we still couldn't finish the motherfucker. 

The portions are ricockulous! 

We also had some of the margaritas, and one of them was so strong and nasty, I couldn't even finish it! That's actually pretty cool, I've never NOT been able to finish a margarita. Can I have some margarita with my tequila?  ;-)

The prices are alright, and the food is very good. STRONG DRINKS! It was walking distance from the Harrah's, where we stayed.
This is pretty much my worst nightmare: a giant restaurant with multiple bars that serves huge-ass margaritas and plays Jimmy Buffet music and videos NON-STOP. 

Needless to say, this was not my choice. Mom & Aunt wanted to go here SO BADLY, and apparently everyone else in Vegas did too, as the wait time for dinner at 8:30 on a Friday was an hour and half. 

When we finally did get in (seated at a table with its own video monitor - hooray!), we ordered and got our food approx. 45 minutes after that. You'd think after waiting for so long that anything I ate would be good, but that was not the case. The nachos and chicken strips were horrific, people. NACHOS. How do you F up nachos and chicken strips?? HELLO. 

In fact I think the only person who liked what they ordered was my aunt, who had the steak - and whose love of Jimmy Buffet made the whole place seem like Paradise to her (I refuse to make the obvious cheeseburger joke here!). 

I went here in the Spring of 2008, and just recently walked by on my last Vegas trip and it was still as packed now as it was then - all day, everyday. I have no idea what the draw of this place is, but I will NEVER be going back.
I love this silly place. It's loud, it's a bit obnoxious and the booze here is actually delicious. Wait, it sounds like my house..... anyways, I always have the best time here. I'm not much a fan of Jimmy Buffets music, luckily there was a band playing stuff I actually liked (Johnny Cash, Sublime etc.) while I was there. 
I've been here twice so far, both times I ordered the ahi seared tuna appetizer, calypso coconut fried shrimp and at least a couple pink cadillac margaritas... 
I was more than pleased with my selections because when I come back for my 24th birthday that's exactly what I'm ordering again.   :)

Update: went back on my 24th bday (12/21) and did just that! Had the same waiter as last time, he was a doll. Great food, reasonable prices we had a blast!
If this place only served the Yard-a-rita (a gi-normous yard tall test tube of Margarita with a spout at the bottom), then I'd give it 4 stars.  If they only served food, I'd give them 2 stars.  So I averaged it out.

If  you are going to call one of your dishes "Cheeseburger in Paradise," then it better be the best damn cheeseburger on the planet, and frankly, it is just ok.  

My sister ordered a pasta with chicken in alfredo sauce.  I'm sure they took 5 frozen dinners out of the freezer, zapped them, and put them in a dish.

If a drunk guy doesn't think the food is fantastic then there's a problem.

This is a tourist trap, plain and simple.  It's only saving grace is the monster margarita that could serve a small country, or Maryland.  We didn't even finish it (we were already quite saucy).  I had to hand the drink off to the table next to us as I stumbled out the door.
I had a great experience here. My friends and I sat on an outside patio overlooking the strip and Caesar's. 

We ordered margaritas OF COURSE which were f*cking amazing. And Nachos. Holy hell those things were HUGE. Check out my picture. We canceled our entrees after the nachos.

We sat and chilled, the waitress was awesome and fast, and its a nice experience. Definitely a great start to my Vegas vacation :)
So, after you've partied your ass off Vegas style and you crash in bed around 6 am you're going to wake up eventually and you're going to feel like crap.  Don't waste the day.  Wake up around 1:00pm or so, walk your sorry self down to Margaritaville and plop yourself at the bar.  The best cure is "a hair from the dog that bit you" or whatever that weird saying is...but it's true.  Order up their biggest "on the rocks" top-shelf margarita and suck it down.  Ahhhh, who needs advil!   

The food is mediocre at best, it's a chain so don't expect anything better.  It's a tourist trap.  Stick with the chips and salsa or something not so drenched in cheese and you'll do okay.  

Now that Jimmy's music is bringing your headache back full circle, flag down your waitress and ask for another margarita.  This time order it in the LARGE souvenir cup that you can take with you and drink as you walk the strip.  

Booze to go.... what could be better!
So i love Jimmy B, in fact I just got back from Vegas seeing him on his Year of Still Here Tour. We of course had to go to Margaritaville which we do every time we are in Vegas. As much as I want to LOVE this place, I just don't. The drinks are great and so is the atmosphere. The food though is so horribly unspectacular. If you have to eat, stick with the Volcano nachos. Their salads especially are a waste of space, unless you like lots of purple cabbage and minuscule pieces of mango! Even their quesadillas aren't too yummy and how much easier can a meal be to make...tortilla, cheese chicken? The service is excellent and friendly tho. Just drink when you are here, the margaritas are delish! You can get a 100oz Margarita in a tube... but be prepared to shell out $60!
on the strip=packed w/45 min wait. awesome decor-feels like you are @ beach resort. lots of jimmy buffett music, 3 stories-2 outside decks. lots of bars conveniently located & entertainment
so very cool. everyone was in costume and playing their roles. service was great-they did apologize for having to re-do our wings because of an accident in the kitchen. the put on a show to remember. a pretty long wait for everything though
awesome!! best steak!! cheeseburger was great down to the last bite. wings were great-spicy & meaty. soups were great-lots of flavor & meat(crab & chicken). veggies were crisp & fresh, everything was perfect. very limited menu though-no 1000 island dressing
terrific atmosphere-a partying good time-great eats-everyone in the place looked happy leaving. need some more on the menu though
It's a cheap place (compared to other establishments in Vegas) to take a time out from whatever it is that we do in Vegas.  Head upstairs, there is a first come first serve dinning deck upstairs and even the occasional live music.  It's touristy, chessy, but what isn't chessy and touristy on the strip in Vegas??

After food and drinks for the 6 of us, it came out to around $150 per with tip.  We took a shot or two... or three.

But hey, that is like a round of blackjack at the tables.
I like to come here during the day to relax. These margaritas and any other kinds of drinks you might fancy are available. I haven't had food here, but I'm sure it's up to par with these nice margaritas. It's a tourist trap, but I am one of the tourists when I come to Vegas. Margaritaville is one of gems in alcohol heaven aka Las Vegas.
I've tried to eat here twice.  The first time, at 9:30 PM, there was a huge line and a long, long wait to get in.   Went to the Victorian Room at Bill's instead.

The second time, I arrived at the entrance only to be told by the manager on duty that the restaurant was closing early because "it was so slow", and they wouldn't let me in.  What a crock of BS!  Closing early in Vegas????

That was the last chance I am going to give the place, so I'll just have to be satisfied with reading everyone else's reviews.
I'm going to keep this short.  

It was just like what you would expect - overpriced, too many tourists and average food and service.  

If you choose to eat here, it's b/c you probably just arrived and need to eat NOW...and it's across the street from all the major hotels and in a good location.

It's just OK.  Nothing special, unique or all that fun about it.  It's a chain and unless I'm in Ocho Rios, Jamaica, I just cannot get behind this restaurant.  But, it suffices for everything it is meant to do.  Feed you and draw you in b/c it's Jimmy Buffet's restaurant and force you to spend $12 on a burger - done and done.  This is what I have to say to that - blah blah blah - find a buffet. :)
Decent food and a fun time.  Better than what you would expect from your typical cheesy themed vegas bar/restaurant tied to a celebrity name.  Good place to grab a drink and a bite to eat with your friends before a late night.  Try to go when the waterslide performer is there.
Never in a million year would I have imagined I'd ever dine here!  Every time I passed by, there were tons of drunk and loud people standing around with big huge tall glasses of alcoholic drinks.  (Sorry, I don't drink so I have no idea what they are, most likely Margaritas'.)  On top of that, I HATE places with loud music!  They do a little show where a girl slides into a BIG margarita glass pool.  They also have several guys on stilts walking around and making balloon 'art'.  (Quite entertaining for kids actually.)  Seriously, this is not my kind of restaurant!  

When I got the $25 coupon in the mailer, I was going to just throw it away.  But then I thought, well, maybe, why not?  At worst, I just don't eat the food, right?  I am such a sucker for free food!   

We ordered the Coconut Shrimps and BBQ Babyback Ribs.  Wow, to my surprise, they were EXCELLENT!  Big plump crunchy shrimps with sweet/spicy sauce.  The mash potatoe was really really good and the  vegetables were not bad, either.  I can't stand soggy vegetables and these were fine.  

The Babyback Ribs were sooo tender they fell off the bones as you bite into them!.  You can choose one of the three BBQ sauce (South Pacific, Cilantro Pesto, or Guava BBQ).  I can't remember which one I had.  I just remember it was good!!!  

The price may seem a little high, but portion is BIG!  With the $25 coupon and the rest on the Players card points, free food never tasted so good!  

We had been back again since our first time and it was still good (and still free).
I was just sort of cruising the strip trying to figure out where to eat dinner.  It was in the 30s so most of my wanderings were inside the casinos as I made my way North.  This is where I was when I decided I was hungry.  Even though it was only around 6 most of the tables were being used.  I was seated right away and the service was generally good the whole meal.  I got a Filet ($24.95).  There was nothing great or bad about the food, the meat was medium, the vegetables were fully cooked without being mushy, I don't care for skins in my mashed potatoes but I lived through it.  The basic margarita ($8) was ok, certainly not great nor very large.

This is the only one I have been in even though there is one near where I live.  I would describe the atmosphere as organized chaos.  At ground level there were 2 stages and 2 bars and I got the impression some of the seating areas did double duty as food tables or bar tables depending on the day or time.  It was sort of confusing where the host station was unless you caught a glimpse of the sign on the front wall.  You could get into the dining area through one of the bars and there were several people who wandered in and had to get ushered over to the hostess station after they tried just taking a table or trying to share a table with another party.  The music videos were fairly loud and while it made for hard conversation it fit the place.
If you want a place where there's always a party going on, where they serve good food and great drinks, this is the spot! Every time we go to Vegas Margaritaville makes the cut as a "go to" place for at least one meal, without exception.  Yes, the wait can be lengthy but it never feels like it is as long as they say it is going to be, as there's plenty to do while waiting for the table to be ready. Shopping in the Margaritaville store, or even going those few extra steps into the casino at the Flamingo passes the time quite nicely. We have never had bad service at Margaritaville Cafe, quite the opposite in fact. If you're in a hurry they'll get you in and out, if you want to take a little more time they don't rush you through your meal.

About the music: If you are not a Parrothead you're not likely to get a whole lot out of the music. Most people who are unfamiliar with Jimmy's style don't get it, therefore they automatically say they don't like the music in the cafe. It is NOT country. Let me repeat that, Jimmy Buffett's music is NOT country. He has a style all his own, largely influenced by his love of all things Caribbean. His music has a rock/reggae/popish vibe Yes, he has collaborated on some songs with some of Nashville's biggest stars, but that is not his niche.

Lots of folks have indicated that this is not a good place for kids, I agree from the standpoint of why take a kid to Vegas (as a rule, I don't usually take my kids when I go). If I found myself down there with kids, however, I really think they would dig the Margaritaville Cafe. With everything going on in there as far as the volcano, the guys on stilts, the balloon animals, what kid wouldn't like that?

Heading down to Vegas in a few weeks, I'm thinking that the Margaritaville Cafe may end up being the first stop.
So we were in Vegas last week and stayed at the Flamingo.  One night we decided to check this place out.  It was odd that it was advertised by the Flamingo as one of their restaurants, but you have to walk outside the hotel to get inside this place.  

Inside there is a nice bar area with a list of many different margaritas, hence... never mind you should already know.  Anyway... the inside decor is unique; with fishing boats that you can eat in, fishing poles, big plastic fish and what not.  There was also a stage, but there wasn't anything going on that night.  

Atmosphere: 4
Service: 4
Food: 3.8 (Jerk Chicken=Spicy. but good see pic)
I had a group of 19 people go to Vegas to celebrate my birthday. I can not believe how well they accommodated our group. We called on Wednesday for reservations on Saturday. Originally they said nothing open but called us back in a couple hours saying "Something had opened up".
We arrived early for our reservation but hung out in the bar until our table was ready. It was the perfect fun environment to have fun and celebrate something. Like everyone else says the nachos are AMAZING! I had the chicken and broccoli pasta. It was nothing special but good. I loved my balloon hat with my age and proudly wore it gambling the rest of the night. It probably helped that as the birthday girl I demanded everyone else wear theirs too! haha! Overall I had a great time and out of 19 people no one had a single problem with food or service!
I came here for one of my birthday fiascos and it was so much fun. I honestly don't remember much about the food ... but one thing that I love here are the Margaritas??? NO....actually the MANGO DAQUIRI, so delish. I  would drink hose all day all the time if I could. 

It's a fun little restaurant. There is live entertainment in the form of a small production where a girl jumps into a small glass pool. It does get crowded and the lines are long, but you can always drink while you wait...and trust me you'll want a drink. 

Plus Jimmy Buffet music in the background....perfect. "I got two pina coladas....one for each hand..."
I love sitting on the Patio, Sipping a Margarita, eating one of the best cheesebugers ever, listening to Jimmy and watching the masses of people on The Strip!  This is not a place to go if you are in a hurry or on a schedule.  This is a place to go to enjoy your time, have a few(or more) drinks and remember: "It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere!"
I've been to a few different Margaritavilles around the country and this one is by far my favorite (some of the others are actually rather mediocre). It's always busy (AKA festive) and a great time. My favorite place to sit is up on the 3rd floor balcony overlooking the strip. As far as the food goes,  I'd recommend the nachos and the "cheeseburger in paradise." Food that I wouldn't quite recommend: Ahi tuna, crab/lobster dip (it was mostly cheese). 

As expected, the margaritas are fantastic- just take a peak at the first page inside the menu and you can see all their signature creations. Mmmmm.
A definite MUST stop at while in Vegas.  It's Jimmy Buffett's place, I mean who wouldn't love it?

Very chill and laid back place, LOTS of room.  Third floor bar(s) are cool because you get to look over the strip and watch all the stuff going on and stuff driving by.

Drinks are a plenty, order whatever you can think of, they'll make it.  Food is awesome.  I've heard the Ahi was dry but order a friggin Cheeseburger in Paradise because there's a song made after that - so you kind of have to :)

It's always a little busy but just get in there and have fun.  The staff is always nice and fun too.
Waiter, um, there is an exotic dancer in my margarita.
Oh, excuse me? That giant 10 foot tall swirling margarita directly behind me isn't for consumption? Damn. 
I feel as if Vegas brings nothing but mental and physical exhaustion for me. I was so tired on the day of our arrival, i didn't even put the whole Jimmy Buffet theme together until a pirate on stilts walked by me. 
Decent 'ritas ( I liked the top shelf margarita myself) and the food was plentiful and comforting. 
I was a little disoriented by the large Mr. Buffet or occasional Jack Johnson towering above me on television screens, but it was the "chick on a hook" that dropped down into the Megarita behind me that really caught me by surprise. 
The men were happy with the location choice, but I could see other females around me not so impressed with the "bleach blond in a bikini on a fish hook" almost twirling her way into my burger buns.
I'd probably come here to get drunk fast, but it's really not my kind of joint unless surrounded by an equally drunk and silly group of people. It's definitely Vegas, very chill and encourages one to keep on drinking.
Cheesefest, USA. 
Food was okay, but definitely nothin to write home about. Kitchy, touristy, cross between joe's crab shack and freecreditreport.com commercial. The namesake "show" was lame, complete with stilt walkers and bikini clad chick, but if you're wasted, it might be funny. Long waits also dampen the fun. Mango margs are tops, bahama mama is yum and the nachos were tasty, everything else is typical overpriced fare.
I first have to point out that it was not my idea to go to dinner at a Jimmy-Buffet-themed place, but seeing as we were meeting up with my sister and her boyfriend, we humored them and went along with it.  They really spare no expense in supporting hte theme - sailors and pirates on stitls, a volcano, and a gigantic margarita that we managed to end up seated right next to.  I should have been a little wary of that . . . 

The portobello-mushroom-burger-in-paradise (if you're a vegetarian Jimmy Buffet fan, of which I am only the former) was passable, the red bull margarita kept me going that night, but what really made it worth my while was the show and the spinning, scantily clad blonde on a fish hook.  She had some acrobatic moves, and how she spun around sitting on a slippery metal fish hook I'll never know, but she pulled it off.  Be careful of sitting next to the huge margarita, though, as you'll get a bit of a soaking when she slides down and gets dunked into the (reassuringly fake) giant margarita.
I came here for the margaritas.

it was overpriced with tourists but those margaritas were so good. i dont know how the food tastes. but everyone was too drunk to get food. or even notice there WAS food.

my vegas experience was walking past this and noticing people being hauled off by the ambulance. i doubt it was food poisoning. i think they were just partying too hard.
So it was my mother-in-law's idea to go here.  I didn't realize this place served breakfast or was open during the day to serve other stuff besides margaritas and cheeseburgers.  That Jimmy Buffet, he's so sly.  I thought to myself as we were walking here, "Dang, I know we're in Vegas, but do we have to start drinking before 9A?"  

So we got breakfast, thank god, and was pleasantly surprised.  My wife had the corn beef hash and I had some crazy omelet.  The price wasn't bad for Vegas but still pretty expensive.  At least here the food was decent.
What a fun place! Came here on a Friday night with some friends, and I had no idea what to expect from a place called Margaritaville. But the live music was great, the crowd was energized, and I never thought I'd be dancing on a floor to Journey and AC/DC, but I was that night. 

Not sure what eating here's like...but if you've already got a nice buzz going on your weekend night, just roll on in to sing and dance your heart out. No harm can come of it, I promise!
If you are looking for something besides an overpriced tourist-trap, don't go here.  That said, if you embrace the concept, you will not be disappointed.  Food was fine, service good and atmosphere excellent.  It is what it is and it does it well.

We visited on a rainy late Saturday morning and the place was empty.  Having walked past the Strip-facing balconies on many a hot Vegas afternoon, I have no doubt that the place goes off under the right conditions.  

And by "goes off," I mean fills with midwestern 30 and 40 somethings livin' on sponge cake and watchin' the sun bake (see, . . . cuz. . .) while hopped up on sugary-likkery-goodness.  And that's ok.
this place was a disappointment...

i mean u always pass this place while drivin down the strip and u see the gang of people hangin out on the balcony and they seem like they are having a blast.
so as one of our main stops on our bar run this place was MEhhhh....
we had to toss our drinks before headin in...so our boys downed their beers. we show ID.. get in and the place is biiiiig, they had live music but it wasnt that great that nite, they have ONE type of margarita for all i could tell and no hugeeeee long cups...hello i thot they would have it? and shutup up i AM a tourist...psh

so after a few tiny cups of beers we left and continued our journey because it wasnt worth staying...
This place always looks crowded from the outside. Hmmm if its this crowded all the time, this place must be a great place to check out! Or maybe not. 

Did I just get a kids cup of beer for $6?  

Why is it crowded outside but not inside? Maybe everyone is trying to leave the place but no one is moving out the way! 

I wonder if the food is good here though, because the wings and nachos looked good. 

Time to move on. I was out of there as soon as I got my drink.
Fun place for what it is.  I'm not a Jimmy Buffet fan, but I don't hate him.  Had to try a margarita though, and it was good.  My friend who was in from Georgia really wanted to go and we were hungry with no clue what to eat (didn't want buffet) so we tried it.  Food was ok, my soup was lukewarm.
pretty much what everyody else has said

atmosphere

- Smoking is as advertised.  Non smoking except for patio.  You will smell some smoke from the patio.  At least that's as advertised (unlike those fancy $$$ restaurants right next to the casinos that are supposedly non smoking but smell like ash trays). 

- pirates on stilts making balloon animals

- Jimmy Buffet videos playing nonstop

- cheezy props everywhere

- live bands sometimes


Service

- Our waiter, Tracy, was great.  Can't talk about other staff

Food

- Mediocre.  Nachos were huge.  


Overall

- Obviously it's a tourist trap.  Duh.  Doesn't mean you won't
have fun there.  It is what it is and doesn't pretend to
be anything else.  I can respect that about this place.
Make sure if you order the volcano nachos that there are more than 2 of you!! humongous portion!! Along with a couple of margaritas, it's a meal in itself. Went on a Wed. night..this place was rockin'!! A fun place to go with friends!!
It's alright.

We each ordered Cheeseburgers in Paradise...with bacon. They were cooked to order and tasted fine.

My onion rings (+$1) were delicious, but they were just as oily as any other place's rings would be having been yanked out of the fryer. Tried my friend's fries, and they were good too.

We split an order of coconut shrimp with the marmalade sauce - DELICIOUS!

We each had the add-a-salad too. It was a fresh, very simple salad, with seedy little cut-in-half teardrop tomatoes. I had mine with mango ranch (for authenticity's sake) and I enjoyed it.

We ordered tea to drink. They're generous with the lemon wedge, and they kept up with the refills for us just fine!

Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville is a very thematic place, as is everything in Las Vegas. It is enjoyable. It's a pleasant, fun and exciting atmosphere offering up "just average" to "really good" food.
This place is always crowded! It is worth the wait! The wait is long though I won't lie. It took about 30 minutes at least. So we decided to go gamble a bit. I won money! :D

They have seating downstairs, upstairs, or outside. They have videos everywhere for you to watch. They get very busy.

They have this guy on stilts walking around, saying hi etc. Kinda scary.

Nevertheless, the nachos are bomb! I love them! The margaritas are really good. You can't really go wrong. I mean it is margaritaville after all. 

Come one come all. Have a good drink, great nachos, ppl watch and just chill.
It was alright I guess. We started one of our evenings here before heading out to more exciting places. It took FOREVER to get a drink at the bar. Although there really wasn't any line, the 4 bartenders were more interested in talking to each other and restocking the bar then taking drink orders. The drinks were reasonably priced and tasted good. We didn't have to wait to get a table thankfully but we did get the very last one. The dance floor had a decent amount of people out on it. I think tacky is too strong a word to describe them but let's just say they were very casually dressed and touristy. It's also the only club I saw in vegas the whole time I was down there where most of the men were sagging their pants and showing off their drawers. We left after the first drink and shot to find something better.
Didn't expect too much, didn't get anything spectacular.  The margaritas were good.  Expected them to be overpriced, but they were average priced.  Don't even remember what I ordered, but it was fine.  Again, nothing special.

It was an hour wait, but it was also Saturday night.  Our waiter was a nice guy, he kept the drinks coming.  He also drew a really neat cartoon of himself on a postcard he drew us.  The Jimmy Buffet music started getting to me, but obviously thats what they are going to play.
I really only came here when it was time for music and dancing. So I don't have an opinion on the food or dining service. I liked it better on Tuesday than Friday. Friday night it looked like a cheap club and it was disappointing. But on Tuesday, it still had the music, the dancing, and the drinking without the cheap feeling. I had a platinum margarita, which I expected to be white and it was green. It was delicious. I had several other drinks I can't recall anymore... :). If I ever come back to Vegas I know I will come here again.
The entertainment is awesome, You have people walking and dancing  on stilts, and making balloon hats for you. Went bar hoping here last year for me and my boyfriends birthday. One of the ladies on stilts made me a dog and she made a palm tree for my boyfriend, pretty cool souvenirs, and for Free. Didn't try the food, just got our drinks on. If you catch her, there is a girl in a bikini who dances in a tank of water made out of a blender. Watch out you might get wet.
Holy Middle America, Batman!  A Jimmy Buffett theme restaurant in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip?  I set my expectations as low as I possibly could, people, I really did, but I'm still left with nightmares of a culinary hell where the only dining choices are this place or Sammy Hagar's Cabo Wabo Cantina.  I doubt Jimmy B's involvement in this travesty goes much beyond lending his name and cashing a few checks, but that's not gonna stop me from flipping that parrothead the bird next time I see him.
Just OK - bar/restaurant with a dance floor. We were there for dinner around mid night. There was a live band playing pop music. Food is not typical but not bad. The fried shrimp was good.
If you don't want to wait in long line for a fancy clubbing but have a craving for pop music and dancing, this might be your choice.
I might go back for the food.
I always have a good time when I come here. Kala and Jimmy are awesome bartenders. They remember us even if we haven't been there for 6 months, and are always concocting experimental drinks for us to taste! (Experimental=lots of alcohol) If you're not chilling at the bar, stand by the rail that overlooks the Strip and watch the freak show roll by. I've never really eaten here, so I can only comment on the drinks. Havanas & Bananas is probably my fave off the menu. I always leave this place wastin' away again in Margaritaville!!
This is the 2nd time we've been here, went for dinner the 1st time, did lunch the 2nd time. The clipper wings are really good. My wife and I both had cheeseburgers that are among the best I've ever had. The atmopshere is great, any Buffett fan would love this place. Our bill was decent, $50 for drinks, appetizers and entrees. The nachos are awesome too.
Usually everytime I got to Vegas this spot will be the first night chill spot to get settled ...the drinks are good & the music is good too they have a live band at first you think theyre a bunch of old men this is a place my parents would party @ but then they start bustting out jams from today's hits ..hip hop r&b pop...whhaaattt!?! Everytime I go here sometime good happens last time I went I won a dance contest & got free drinks all night & their margaritas are pretty bomb!! I suggest this place if youre wanting to settle the first night & have a good time to start things off ......
I'm going to give this place 5 stars only because I feel bad I kinda threw up on their floor... 

I'm really sorry, Jimmy. I was really trashed!!
I was raised a Parrot Head. It would be morally wrong for me to give anything associated with Jimmy Buffet less than 5 stars. My dad would disown me. 

Having said that, this place was sooooo fun! It was super super busy on Friday night and there was a bachelor pre-party in full swing. I also think that every frat boy with-in a 300 mile radius was present. 

My friend and I paid for our first two drinks......then the festivities began!
My poor boyfriend was still hungover and spending time with our hotel toilet, so he was not there to protect me. Whats a girl to do? 

Drink. and drink. and drink some more. and pimp out her single friend.

i have never had so many frozen drinks in my life.

Off To See The Lizard is a midori margarita that made me loud. (the second and third made me popular)

Last Mango in Paris is a mango marg. that seriously does not taste like alcohol at all....i think.....it was my fourth that night...soo....don't trust me.

then i found guava margaritas....I LOVE THEM. by far, the best margarita of my life. I had 3.

keep in mind we were here for hours and we were grazing on Ahi tuna and coconut shrimp. I can't really review them though because I don't remember them. I just saw them on my bill. I didn't even know I ate Ahi tuna.

OH GOD. I had 7 margaritas? guess how I spent my Saturday?
Place was a great little place for drinks and a decent lunch. I had the Cheeseburger In Paradise. Served exactly as Jimmy Buffett's lyrics describe. Excellent! I could have been more pleased. We ate off the bow of a boat. Our server was friendly, kept the beverages topped off, and was always right there ready to get anything we needed. 

The drinks were obviously the most popular thing to order. However, it was fairly early in the morning so my husband and I passed on the booze, but really enjoyed the food. Overall I would recommend this place to any one. The cafe also hosted a live band every other evening while we were in town. The place was rockin! 

Cannot wait to go back. I am still bragging up that cheeseburger!
Always a great experience.  This trip we just had drinks, but everytime I have been here previously I have enjoyed the food and service.  Prices are a lil steep, but not unrealistic.  

The margaritas here live up to the name though.  They are delicious!!!!!
Nothing like a humongous margarita to add to the heartburn that has already been raging off mass amounts of pizza, booze and sleep deprivation.  SO WORTH IT.

Margaritaville is the shizniz.  The only lame part is having to down your drink before entering (and with 32oz American beer just bought on the street 10 min beforehand, this is no easy feat).  But alas, a few gulps later, we walked into a lively atmosphere with sticky floors and fantastic music.  Almost like a nightclub, but free and with much less douchebaggery, Margaritaville is a fantastic place to spend an hour or so, before hitting up the next spot on the strip.  The margaritas are super tasty, and expensive to boot.  But it's Vegas, so if you don't expect it it's your own damn fault.

Go for the margaritas.  Go for the music.  Go for JIMMY.
GO FOR THE DRINKS, NOT THE FOOD!!!

My two girlfriends and I went in for a quick bite to re-energize for the long night of partying that was ahead of us, but we all felt so sick to our stomachs after eating our meals that we barely made it out that night. NOT my idea of a good time. It was awful, and I called to let the manager know that we were very unsatisfied with our meals (it was expensive!) but the manager never returned my call. I think that upset me the most.  

Now, we're college girls. We are NOT picky about food. My Cheeseburger In Paradise looked like a Quarter Pounder from McDonalds, which would have been fine if it had tasted as good as a Quarter Pounder.  It was gross. I ate less than half of it and had to stop because I was already feeling sick.  Very disappointing. And my friend couldn't swallow more than four bites of her taco salad.  At least the drinks were good. 

Margaritas = good. Everything else = rip off.
Go hungry and get the volcano nachos.  That should be enough to fill you up, as well as a few of your friends.  Wait to order entrees because I find myself full before they arrive everytime.

Watch the show because it is really entertaining.  I don't know that I really understand the guys on stilts coming out, but I liked seeing them nonetheless.  The woman who slides down the volcano and lands in the margarita glass is classic.  Drink heavily for an especially good time.  This place has a ton of stuff going on.

There is a gift shop with all kinds of Jimmy Buffett items for sale.  This is a fun place to poke around while you are waiting for your table.  The location of this restaurant is across the street from Caesar's Palace in the Flamingo Hotel.
Super hungry.. the three of  us shared VOLCANO NACHOS and wings and omg.. I was ready for bed...

So good!
This place gets high-marks from me for its atmosphere rather than its food. It's a great place to take kids with it's live entertainment and sensory-overload interior (bright lights, loud music, boat and airplane props). The margaritas are good and some of the appetizers and sandwiches are tasty, but nothing too special. Most of the menu items are typical bar food. I tried the mahi-mahi. I should have known better. It was a little on the dry side. You would probably be better off sticking to one of the sandwiches. My kid loved the kids menu which also doubles as a mask and the chicken tenders and fries he got were better than expected. Overall, it's a good place to eat for the price you pay.
My husband has been wanting to come to this place because the last time he was here, all he could talk about was the blackened Mahi Mahi and how good it is.  So we finally came here last month for my birthday and he was a little disappointed.  It surely did not taste the same as the last time.  I had the full rack of ribs and that was not so bad.  They have great entertainment and people walking in stilts singing.  They also have this lady that slides down into a huge margarita/wine glass.  Overall, this restaurant is fun but I'll probably end up going somewhere that is not along the strip.  It's definitely crowded so expect to wait for a table.
This is a busy place, plan for a long wait, if you dont have kids you can do this in the festive bar.
If you go for dinner-time, you will be quite entertained once an hour with two Buffet classics, 'Volcano' and Margaritaville (with a bikini-clad girl sliding down the faux-volcano into a giant blue margarita where she gyrates and swims, and then dances with the rest of the characters in the place (two on stilts).  You cant help but sing along and smile.  
My wife and her friend shared the volcano nachos and that was too much for them - although my wife complained about the use of Velveeta (in the middle, real cheese had been sprinkled on top) and the fact that even if you order it 'chicken' it still is loaded with beef (because of the chili, the waiter claimed).
I had the Jambalaya, mildly spicy, tons of rice and not much of the andouille (spelling?) sausage and a few shrimp, very filling and tasted good.  Son had the Cheeseburger (in Paradise) and wolfed that down.  Other son had fajitas which smelled fantastic and he said he liked.
The characters on stilts were doing balloon art/sculptures, and they came by, and made flower hats for the ladies, I tipped her $5 (my wife FREAKED out, I thought that was about right, she thought I was overboard)
Weird thing, some gal comes round, with beads and trinkets and leis, spouting something about  "Save the TaTas", I could barely hear over the din, wanting me to donate and I would receive some trinket in exchange, I said no....later my wife explained it was for breast cancer, duh, BUT, on reflecting I dont think I'd believe any donated cash I gave in a casino-related facility in Las Vegas would EVER reach its final destination.
So, prices were pretty high, and the 1hr wait, and the ok food gets this joint 3 stars.  The entertainment and lively ambience made it fun to go to.
The drinks were Amazing.  The food was so-so.  It wasn't anything special and was like any other typical chain restaurant (i.e. Chilis, Applebees, etc).  The service was actually really friendly and the food arrived faster than I anticipated.  

HOWEVER, the entertainment was a HOT MESS.  The people walking around with stilts were scary, awkward, out of place, and I felt was irrelevant to the theme...unless the theme was "tacky".   And then there was this hot mess of a "waiter" dancing around to the music and doing some flashdance ridiculous dance routine while trying to "pump up" the customers.  I was not impressed.  After 10 minutes of painfully sitting through the awkward dancing, the lady climbs the roof of the bar and then slides into a green margarita tank that supposedly resembled a blender.  WTF?  Bad choreography, bad music, and seriously...I lost my appetite watching some hot mess of a girl swimming half naked in a green blender right near my food.  I clapped when the "performance" was over, only because I was thankful that she left the floor and I don't need her dripping around my food.
Went to the bar here....the bartender carded my bf and I both, twice...wasn't too fond of that...drinks were expensive, not that strong, decent.
Food was decent, staff was very attentive but its your typical chain resturant.
Yummy nachos!!!!! i ordered the volcano nachos and when it came out all i could say was wow they were huge. My boyfriend and i couldn't even eat half of it, and we love to eat. We ended up taking the rest home and i couldn't even close the box it was so full. My boyfriend ordered the mushroom burger (we didn't know the nachos would be so big) it was pretty average burger. 
The service was great. If you don't like to be bother while you eat i don't recommend this place. There's loud music, guys and girls on stilts walking around making balloon animals, women in bikinis walking around trying to get you to donate to Save The Tatas, and a girl sliding down into a big margarita. Overall i had fun food was alright at best but the nachos are amazing. Of course they had really good margaritas...
I was introduced to the whole Jimmy Buffet / Margaritaville thing about 5 years back and I have to say I'm really glad I got to feel what it's like to listen to the music, drink boat drinks and eat good food.  It is an experience you can create at home and definitely here at Margaritaville.

The food is fantastic, I love their crab salad.  Margaritas are the best I have ever had when it comes to flavor and consistency (there is one Mexican restaurant I love  that is the best when it comes to size and alcohol content!).  The Raspberry margarita is superb and even if you're just walking by you can get the premade stuff and it doesn't taste like it's made with a mix.  

The food is inexpensive and you get to look at awesome scenery.

This is a really great lunch spot in Vegas.
I absolutely loved the atmosphere at Margaritaville! The giant margarita blender was amazing, and the night I went with a few friends they had a really good live band playing awesome dance music. There was a shortage of tables and seats, but it didn't stop the fun!

Honestly I didn't have any food or drinks there. It was more of just a walk through and hang out for a little bit, although I really wanted a drink. Walking by the tables the food looked and smelled delicious though! And the little ring game looked like a lot of fun too!
After eating @ the Margaritaville in New Orleans, this one is OK. Interesting decor sitting in the fishing boats unless you have to sit up front instead of on the back. Good photo ops and Cheeseburger in Paradise is good but Fat Burger is better in my humble opinion. 

Tourists love it, locals meh, I've had better.
I've spent a lot of time talking smack about this place, making fun of the people who hang over the railing calling out to the girls walking past, my ex bf who raves about this place and makes it a point to go here on every Vegas trip and making fun of Jimmy Buffett in general. That's right folks, no parrot head here! 

Well I eat my words. What started off as just grabbing a drink here as a joke and to tell my ex that I finally went to Margaritaville turned into a couple hours of good times. My friend and I were lucky enough to get seats at the bar near the open patio and service was superb. The bartender we had was so attentive and when he was busy the other bartenders would check on us. I forget what I had to drink there but I do know it was decent. Decent meaning that I could taste alcohol but not too much alochol and not a ton of mixer or juice. We only ordered an appetizer and I believe it was a crab or lobster dip. Um, can you say awesome?!? A woman next to us ordered the nachos and I was drooling just watching her eat them. Although I dont know how she ate them herself because those nachos are enough to feed 4 people. 

I can't wait to visit Margaritaville again and spend some more time there!
Great place to have a casual meal on the strip - -two outside levels that overlook the strip plus the indoor eating area also-- your choice! 
Good show inside at dinnertime also.  Dancer who goes down the volcano and into a blender!  I have eaten off the menu and all  is good!  Get the conch fritter appitizer !
If you go to Vegas a lot then this place is worth stopping in once and a while. The food is ok. They have lots of cocktails to choose from. Other than that its nothing special.
Soooo maaachhh fun.

Margaritaville has a plethora of crazy drinks, and friendly bartenders.

Word of caution: appetizer portions are enough for 3-4 grown people to be full! At least that's how it was when we ordered the nacho appetizer.
Goodness gracious - it must have been a foot tall.

There was a volcano eruption, some beezy sliding her bikini-laced body into a huge vile of margarita, and people on stilts. While buzzed, this show is very entertaining!

Definitely not a fan of Jimmy Buffet... but Margaritaville gave me a new found respect for that man.
First of all let me say I am not a "parrot head" and mildly like Jimmy Buffet's music. The one star is for the Ahi & the nice attentive server. Food was mediocore at best. The music was too loud for any interaction with everyone at the table. I really don't like screaming my order at the top of my lungs to the server.
I went here to meet up with my friends who just arrived in Vegas who decided to eat here since they were in the mood to have some serious margaritas.  It was really unfortunate that I had to come here on a full stomach from enjoying the Buffet at The Wynn.  Worked out for me though since that gave me a chance to soak up some of their crazy drinks.  I had their Bahama Mama, which was rum filled concoction, and it was really good.  We all shared the Volcano Nachos with grilled chicken which if you've seen the pics (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rTS8LsUmNIiXsXydE49tPA?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw), is a monster!  It's really too bad that I didn't get to try their food here as it looks like they give massive portions based on everyone pics.  So why 4 stars if I haven't had their food?  The overall atmosphere of the place worked for me.  It was very relaxed and chill and the entertainment inside was fun and not too over the top.  Great place to eat or hang out with friends.
A nice stop on the Las Vegas strip. Nice decor, awesome margaritas! All of them were good, especially the Last Mango in Paris and Pomegranate Margarita. Got to sample a few of the dishes, not too shabby. The pulled pork was tender, had a sweeter taste to it though. The chicken and broccoli pasta was a bit bland, not too creamy either. Burgers were good. I give it 3.5 stars just because it's Vegas.
We came here after a wedding to have a few drinks, unwind and listen to the live band.  It was pretty awesome that there was live music and no cover charge on a Saturday night.  I really hate paying cover so this immediately made me happy.  We were a rather large group and they were very accommodating in moving tables and chairs together so we could all sit as a group.  It was cool that they had a large dance floor and the live band would alternate playing with the DJ.  The band was pretty talented because at one point or another, everyone had a chance to be the lead singer.  They played a good mix of country, rock, rap, & pop.  They basically catered to a variety of musical tastes so you were bound to hear something that you would like.  

The drinks were kind of expensive.  It was $4.50 for a small plastic cup of Bud light, but I didn't mind since there was no cover to get in.  The service was slightly less than adequate since the waitress had already guaranteed her gratuity since we were a large party, she kind of just hid in the corner and ate her food.  I don't see why we would have to shell out nearly $40 for her, when she was in the corner talking to her friend and eating most of the night.  I had to get up and tap her on the shoulder to order more drinks.  Overall, the service could have been a little bit better, but I had fun and have no real complaints.
The drinks are priced a tad high ($11 for a margarita that comes in a cheap clear plastic cup).  The food is not spectacular nor does it suck.  

BUT the patio is awesome for drunk people watching or challenging your friends to "who can get more people to ______."  This past weekend was the battle of the sexes on high fiving.  Oddly some of the older gals were more riled up than the younger ones but it probably has to do with the footwear.  Isotoners apparently kick ass more than 4" stillettos.  Drinking is a marathon, not a sprint...c'mon ladies!
Margaritaville!

This place was pretty interesting. You really feel like your on vacation when you visit Margaritaville, hehe. 

Well well, anything else that i like about this place? Not really. I mean the service was nice. Our waitress was pretty friendly. She even offered to take a picture of me and my girlfriend using my camera. Ummm, the food could have been better. I ordered steak and chicken fajitas. The meat was a little dry and the side of rice tasted a bit funky. We ordered chips & salsa as an appetizer. I'll be honest, that was the best thing I had over there. OK my drink was delicious, but it was too expensive!

Alright honestly, I don't know if I want to come back here. It was fun and all. I guess, only come to this place if you just want to have a good time drinking and money isn't a factor.
Very laid back (drunk) vibe...but hey, this is vegas after all.  Seems like it's always busy, with people hanging out all over the place.  They have a little patio that overlooks the strip...I'd recommend it for some great people watching. 
The downside:  we were seated at a boat.  Yes.  A. Boat.  But this boat did NOT have a good view of the ocean, and it was so dark, I could barely see my menu.  Try and sit at a non-boat if you can :)  You'll be closer to the stage and more "in the action"
The upside:  I had a great bowl of blue crab & corn chowder.  Seriously, this was one of the best soups I've ever had.  Rest of the food was just ok.  I was disappointed with my margarita.   You'd think ordering one here would be a no brainer, but it was small and tasted mass produced.  
Overall: Fun, loud place that you can come to with a group of your rowdy friends and not spend too much $.  Great location on the strip, you don't have to walk through a giant hotel.
It's a pretty straightforward rendition of the Margaritaville chain formula found at touristy spots around the world.  Nothing too fancy, but nice enough for the tourists venturing through the strip.  I ate here with a group that wasn't too adventurous (but wanted something non-buffet); the menu is pretty straightforward so I opted for the beef and mushroom fajita.  It was ginormous and very very filling.  Although it wasn't anything super sophisticated, it was very satisfying and tasty... much like Vegas in general lol.
Suitable for a meal only if you are: 1) Under 25 years old, and 2) already drunk. 

I wasn't expecting a wine list, but I thought I could at least get a glass of white wine, that's what I was in the mood for. I didn't care if it was bad wine.. They had two whites listed on the drink menu, but were "out of" both of them. (When I saw a woman at the next table drinking a red wine out of a plastic cup I thought, thank god they are out of the white! They can't even trust the clientele with glassware!) So I asked for a Red Stripe, also on the menu. Nope, none of that, either. I was finally able to get an Amstel Light.

I had nachos. Chips heading toward stale and cold. Plastic cheese sauce, grisly beef, flavorless guacamole. We shared fajitas at the the table. The meat was cold, the beef was barely cooked, the rice had no seasoning. I couldn't wait to leave.

I'm not a chain snob, I'll eat at Chilis and Cheesecake Factory, occasionally Macaroni Grill. But this place? Seriously, just no.
They gave us the darkest table in the place. But the rita's were flowing and I forgot about it. I had the cuban sandwich. It was great, but I think he lost half of it on the way to the table. It was cut in half. O.K. Who has the rest of my sandwich? Then we went and got a picture taken with the parrots. Woo hoo!
A great place to party & have fun but not a place to get a great meal. Better off to stick to the Boat Drinks & the appetizers, at least that way you won't be disappointed. I suggest the Nachos & the Jamaican Wings. Have a couple of Margaritas and enjoy the music, the laughter and the show. Not my first trip here... nor my last. Expensive considering the quantity & the quality of the food. Recommend you pass on the Broccoli & Chicken. I've seen more meat on road kill.
This was my sister and I's last stop on our b-day bar crawl. We got two beers and the buffalo wings. The wings were tasty, the music was loud and rockin' and our server was a hoot, very outgoing and friendly. Perfect place to party and drink, not such a good place if you just want to relax.
My fried and I stopped in one night for dinner last week and it was packed. We had tried to eat there the night before but didn't want to wait an hour to be served. So they told us 20 minutes and so we headed to the bar to wait with our vibrator thingy. Once at the bar a couple were just leaving to get their table and so we sat down at the bar and decided to eat at the bar. The bartender-Patty- was very nice and made sure our drinks were filled. I had the jerk chicken and it was tasty but cooked too long and was a bit dry. The veggies were also cooked too long and were limp and tasteless. I am giving this place 3 stars because of the decor, people and bartender.
Ok.. the margharita's were petty decent and a good price..about $9 per but pretty stong. The food was mediocre at best. It appeared to be the usual corporate disconnect between their product and the customer. I had the fajitas.. they were kind of tough and sides were nothing to brag about. My wife had the fish tacos. They were OK at best. It is a place that is popular based on a song and the location is great as it is right across the street from the Ceasars Palace on the strip. I would say the if you are in Vegas there are much better places to eat;. Maybe a good stop for a drink but that is it..  Move on to better pastures.
Nachos bleh...  They call them Valcano Nacho's 

the top of the Nacho's are topped with steak, sour c and quac.  As you get lower you find, burnt chips, 7/11 nacho cheese and 7/11 nacho beef BLAH!!!!  

I will never spend 14$ on nacho's again EVER~!! 

In our Nacho's we also found a tomato slice with the label still on it, now I asked the server if the veggies are cleaned before put into my food then why is this thing all cut up and still on each side of the tomato??  She added we are just too busy to peal them off.  

The Manager came out and I guess she had told him what she told us, he wasn't happy and took it off the bill, said we could keep the nachos but I asked him to remove it. 

Drinks were over priced and not strong at all....  Good thing I really didn't want a buzz anyways. 

Won't go to again. 

D
You know, I kind of like this place.

Put your name on the waiting list and head to the bar.  Get one of their margaritas and stand out on the small balcony where you've walked past a thousand times and rolled your eyes at the drunken idiots yelling down from it.  Congratulations, now you're one of them.  Play "guess where that tourist is from" (Florida obviously!  Totally mid-west!  Japanese tour bus, say cheese!) while you sip your drink and notice these margaritas are different from most.  They taste light, even watered down, so they go down very easily and you think they're strange and weak.  Then POW.  It gets to your head.  So this is why the bartender told my husband to give me this one wink wink.  

We were seated at a strange bench near a staircase, I'm not entirely convinced it was an actual table but it's all good.  More margaritas and what the hell is that weird music?  This place is bigger than it looks from outside and makes you feel like an extra on a Survivor set.  You can't help but feel slightly lame.  TV screens play tropical Hawaiian music and who is this Jimmy Buffet person anyway?  I have no idea.  I don't think he made it big down under...or maybe he was before my time?  I confused him with that Tommy Bahama guy at first.  I also have no idea who that is either except I think he has a restaurant in Newport Beach and he sells those overpriced Hawaaiin shirts at Macys.  

Anyway...

We ordered Nachos as an appetizer and pulled pork sandwiches for our mains.  The nachos arrived when we were almost done with our sandwiches.  We didn't care...margarita #3 by this point...but the manager cared.  He took it off our bill.  Next time, if there is a next time, we'll split a sandwich and share the nachos because the portion is huge.  It was like a party platter of nachos.  The pulled pork was pretty good, surprisingly.  

When I went to the bathroom I noticed every female in there aged early twenties to late fourties was staggering somewhere between tipsy and sloshed.  They make these drinks strong!  No wonder the men are bringing their wives here.  And it was only mid afternoon.
Did we really come here? Twice? Yikes.

 It's kind of a kitschy place. We just wanted margaritas! The wild berry colada was really good (I got pretty lucky with my drinks of choice on this Vegas trip). Someone else got "the perfect margarita", which was literally all hard liquor. Oops. Good thing he ate a whole carb-heavy pizza by himself for lunch.

The 2nd time we came here, we ordered 2 Volcano Nachos - it was way too much even as entrees. It wasn't as appetizing towards the end, or even the middle. Fajitas were meh. I didn't expect much in terms of food. 

They loop clips on a projected screen of people getting sloshed somewhere on vacation. Who actually wears hawaiian shirts and leis at Margaritaville?
This place is ahhright, in my opinion. It's koo if you are with a group of friends who enjoy downing margaritas, than the margarita boat is the way to go. My girls and I headed here at the start of our night, mind you we showed up tipsy (it's vegas, I refuse to act my age! =) ) anywho, we got a margarita boat, downed it, ended up becoming part of the drunken idiots on the balcony for a quick second and then rolled out......individual drinks aren't worth it, you are better off sitting at a penny machine and getting the free cocktails lol. But most def koo on the boat.
My boyfriend nearly lost it when one of their gogo-dancers slid down the side of the volcano, landed in a giant margarita blender, and was then raised up by a giant fish-hook where she spun around for 20 minutes.  Then again, I nearly lost it too.

This place is AWESOME- and the price is definitely right, especially for Vegas.  From the pirates, fishermen, and sailors walking around on stilts, making balloon hats for the diners, to the decor (ships and nets everywhere, signs telling you the distance to every tropical land in the world)- it's impossible not to have fun!  The drinks are strong, the company is good, and the wait is never impossibly long.  Give it a shot- you won't be disappointed!
It's the day after the marathon and we're walking up the strip looking for a place to grab lunch and we suddenly spot parrots and from somewhere in the vicinity "Margaritaville" starts playing, we look up and we're at Margaritaville.  I guess it's a sign.

A photo with the parrot costs $20.  Forget that.  How much are those Hawaiian shirts in the retail store?  $50?!  Ok, let's just get lunch.  How much will that cost us?  

This is a pretty groovy and laid back place.  It's tropical island decor and there's a plane hanging from the ceiling.  We sat on a high table and checked out the map for Florida and watched the local crowd.  It was pretty packed for lunch.  We eyeballed the nachos as they passed us by but they were a bit too much for us so we got the fish burger and fish tacos.  I'm telling you; this fish thing is going strong.  All the way to Vegas.

I started off with their tortilla soup.  It was heavily spiced and there was a strong onion flavor that didn't agree with me.  I took a few bits and basically just couldn't stomach anymore.  The fish tacos were ok.  I didn't really care for the cilantro sour cream sauce and it was generous doused with it throughout my tacos.  Service was fast and friendly and we enjoyed the ambiance.
We didn't actually eat here, but we stopped by for a few drinks while walking along the strip. It was fun. Especially if you're a jimmy fan or a fan of island themes. Decorations are nice and drinks are priced well for Vegas. Good atmosphere and a lot of fun.
My first time in this place, and I loved it! The bar up top on the third floor is great! 

Overlooking part of the strip with reasonably priced food and drinks??? Really, we are in Vegas? I tend to forget that there is more to Vegas that gigantic nightclubs and casino's. Yes, it's inside the Flamingo, but doesn't feel like it.

I highly recommend.
Not bad at all. Wasn't expecting much but the mango margaritas were delicious, nachos were HUGE (one order is prob enough for 6-8 to share for an appetizer), cheeseburger was juicy/cheesy/toasty, and jambalaya was yum (not spicy but still good). 

Kudos for seating our party of 14 in around 25 minutes and not kicking us out when we got rowdy and one of us decided to moon half the restaurant :X.
Margaritaville has become our go-to place for breakfast every time we are in Las Vegas. Third floor view of the strip and the French Quarter omelette is superb. Get some coffee and a Bloody Mary and you have the perfect start to another day in Sin City. The rest of the place is fine, of course, but we prefer the slightly quieter surroundings breakfast gives.
A group of us were planning to meet up at Margaritaville to drink Margarita's and eat dinner. By the time my group got there the others had gone bar hoping.
After being tired from walking the convention center and not eating this was to be the meal of the day. The waiter was very attentive and nice and was from Stockton if memory serves. He told me that the ribs could be dry and not all the people like them but I was hungy so I ordered them. 
The problem I thought was the ribs were not dry but they were salty like the french frys which must of been to make people drink more.  The sauce was interesting but I have had better.Overall the food was so-so but the prices were a little pricy. I spend about 22.00 for the ribs.
The only thing that was cool was that on the hour a woman jumps into a large margarita glass and the song of Margaritaville Plays it could be cool if your drunk.
When I left I did order a margarita to go and thought it was just as good as the one I get from Paris Hotel  in the Effiel Tower glass and for the same amount.
Still convenient. still good. and still crackin. margaritaville for the win.
Dined and drank at Margaritaville in Vegas last night.  The blackened fish sandwich was excellent and the hot crab dip is tasty as well.  I know its a kitchy, commercial, chain restaurant, but the experience is always enjoyable for me.
Pro: Great atmosphere, great location on the strip, out of the world nachos, fast service. 

Con: Some so-so dishes, weird hours during the day, "I want to sit up there!", slight pricy due to location.

Came here during CES since someone in our group kept mentioning about the legendary nachos and fried calamari. I have to say the nachos lived up the story, but unfortunately the calamari was no longer available. 

Our party ordered burgers, pastas, and salads, but it was the volcano size nachos that really did the trick. 

Would highly recommend this place.
Had dinner and margarita's here while in Vegas for business. The atmosphere on a Tuesday night was fun - I saw 4 different people dressed in pirate or sailor attire and wearing stilts hanging out in the restaurant. Not sure if that is normal for this place but it was fun to see! 

We started off dinner sharing nacho's and a crab cheese dip appetizer. Both were good, albeit greasy. I knew going into it I wasn't going to be eating healthy so I wasn't surprised. I had the perfect margarita to go along with the appetizers and it was okay. A little sweet for my tastes but drinkable. Then a coworker ordered the 100oz margarita that comes in what looks like a bong. It made us laugh and I thought the margarita out of that was decent - less sweet but  watered down! 

All and all I had fun at this place but it wasn't my kind of place.
Been here numerous times. The drinks are strong and the food is good. The annoying balloon makers on stilts could leave you alone but other then that its a very fun atmosphere. It gets REALLY busy on the weekend and especially in the summer but worth the wait. Price is also very reasonable so don't worry and drink up!
So my girlfriend has been wanting to go here since our last trip to Vegas. She saw someone order the nachos and has been craving them since!

We got here around 630pm, and already there was a wait, but not in the bar area, so we immediately found a table, YES! The place looks cool, decorated in an island theme, with videos playing all over, and a giant airplane in the middle of the dining area. We sat next to this huge shot glass filled with green liquid. We thought nothing of it till later.

Ok so we ordered the nachos, and my gf was right, they looked amazing...just looked unfortunately. They tasted very bland, bottom line I'd never come back here for the food. If I was rating this place on food alone it would be a two star. I did however take into consideration the entertainment! Ok, so remember that large shot glass we were sitting next to? Turns out this girl dives into it and then there are these guys walking around on stilts, and singing, etc. 

It was fun, our waitress was very nice, the place would be great to just come, hang out and get drinks, but not for the food.
So I came here on New Year's Day and it was packed!!!! But I kept hearing about this place so I wanted to try it. So we put our name on the list and it took 30min to an hour for them to seat our party of 7. We were seated near the stage.  I ordered the jumbalaya which was not that great and I wished I would have save my money. My friend also got the jumbalaya and she didnt like it either. 1 of my friends ordered the nachos and it was huge! I think everyone else ordered the quesdillas, which looked good, but I think I tasted it and it was just ok. Some came and brought flowers for the girls to put in our ear and they also tried to sell os these wooden bead necklaces wwhich the proceeds went to Save the Ta-Tas (a breast cancer foundation). While we were eating some hula dancers performed. Also since it was my friends birthday they sang and brought her ice crwam or something. The drinks were expensive there, so we just waited and went across the street to Ceaser's Palace for Fat Tuesday. Also the theme there was quite confusing, b/c since its called Margaritaville you would think Mexican food, but they had all types of food, but then they had polynesian dancers, that place was just confused. I doubt I will go back.
I can only give this place 1 star... For an OK pulled pork sandwich.... The conch fritters made both me and my girlfriend sick for days... The final straw was the fact that the flamingo has advertising the 20% discount on b-fast for rewards members and that they serve b-fast till 11 am... We get there at 10:35 and are told that they are in transition and can't serve us breakfast...   I thanked the young lady for saving me another potential food borne illness.... And went next door to imperial palace.... Hash house.... Most excellent.... Margaritaville??? Drink beer... Avoid the food.
Great for breakfast on the Strip!  Not impressed with dinner though.  

So to be positive, let me tell you about breakfast.  I LOVE to go to any Margarittaville I come across on my travels, if for nothing else but to have a drink and collect a glass.  If the particular menu looks good, we will eat as well.  I was surprised to find out that the Vegas location is open for breakfast - AWESOME!  We started the day, Vegas-Style with orange juice, sugar free red bull and vodka in a souvenir glass - yeah baby.  If that's isn't the way to start your day then what is? LOL  The food that followed was very good for breakfast food at a chain...I had steel cut oatmeal with fresh veggies.  Hubby had an omelet of some type with wheat toast.  We were pleased and will go back for breakfast  again next time in Vegas.

However, dinner was below average in taste and pricey for "bar food".  Too crowded and service was below par.
Margueritaville has such a great, fun atmosphere.  (It's unfortunate the Margueritaville in Key West doesn't have anywhere near the same spirit.)  And each time I visit I'm surprised by how large a place this is.  Downstairs is a Keys beachfront bar; upstairs is a Keys house, with even kind of a treehouse vibe.  (Although maybe that's generally the margueritas speaking?  Speaking of which...)  The margueritas are expensive but excellent, and there're a wide variety of them.  The staff is very welcoming and will keep you entertained or leave you alone as much as you'd like.  The food is good, but the attraction here is definitely the atmosphere and the margueritas.  Oh, and of course the music -- live or otherwise, it just feeds the joy around the place.
I love Jimmy Buffett but cant say I love the Margaritaville Cafe.  The food is ok but honestly not worth the price or the stupid long wait.   

Positives:
It serves food.
Fun decorations downstairs and upstairs.
Connects to the store that sells all sorts of Margaritaville stuff.

Negatives:
Stupid crazy lines.
Food is freakin expensive and isnt that good - very dumbed down for the masses.
The margaritas kinda suck - just seem really processed.

Honestly I wouldn't go again but friends always want to give it a try.
the wait for a table on a friday night was about 1.5 hours. we had a large group, but we split up to two table of 6-7 (or else we would be waiting for 4 hours!). the wait didn't seem that long since we were entertained by each other. anyways, food and drinks are mediocre. it's equivalent to a chevy's. there's sort of entertainment provided: girls sliding down a waterslide once every so often. 

well it was my first time here, and it wasn't a bad experience, just nothing to rave about.
Fun. Friendly. Loose. Sure, Jimmy's Margaritaville is a chain, but that doesn't mean it can't be fun! Bonnie and I went up to the deck up stairs and enjoyed the USA-Canada gold medal game with some drinks at the bar! Multiple TVs made it so no matter where you were on the cramped deck, you had a decent view of the action. Our bartender was very friendly (most chains I've been to have not-so-happy people working there) and our time was super enjoyable! Nothing too fancy - just a flat out good time.
Now THIS is my kinda place!!!  We loved it so much we were back twice within the 3 days we spent in Vegas.  The food is delicious and the entertainment at night is awesome as well.  I had the wings the first night we were there and my boyfriend had a cheeseburger, two foods that sounds extremely ordinary but were so much more than that!  We had a great time there and I just know we'll be going back every time we visit!
I am a huge fan of this place but it is for the drinks and atmosphere. My husband and I always start out our first day in Vegas here with margaritas! They are overpriced and served majority in a plastic cup. However this means if you want to grab and go you can. As for food, I have only split the volcano nachos with my husband here before and it is huge!!!! However if you order the extra chicken for a few bucks you will be lucky to get maybe 1/4-1/2 oz of chicken. This place is always crowded and now serves breakfast.
First of all, very awesome atmosphere. Neato touristy crap that will surely excite you while sipping a large margarita out of a $16 dollar margarita, you get to keep the glass. 

The nacho appetizer CANNOT be tackled by one person as a meal, probably could make a meal for two people and they would both be full and need no other entrees and could easily be shared by 4-6 people and have there be plenty. 

Bonus points for our waiter that had handlebar moustache. 

Food was a teeny bit slow, but it was lunch and they were very busy. 

We asked for our margarita on the rocks, not frozen and received it frozen, but we drank it anyway... 

Tourists should and will do this, because its what tourists do... lol
I was drug to the strip to go out for a dinner with some out of towners.. They insisted we go to Margaritaville because of Mr. Buffett himself.. I tried my hardest to convince them that he will not be sitting on the back of one of the boats with Allan Jackson belting out a tune. Apparently they did not think my opinion was right..haha. 

Needless to say we ended up standing out front with our little buzzer waiting for about 40 minutes, I expected the wait so that was no big deal, also for some reason it had to be one of the best days for people watching on the strip. The grown man wearing a tube top and a pirate patch was one of the most amusing things I saw out there. 

Anyways, I know I know, get on with it Raymond... I ordered the California Chicken Sandwich which was pretty good for being served at one of the strips many themed restaurants.. The other items brought to our table: Volcano nachos, and a fajita concoction, everything looked great and smelled great and the atmosphere was okay.  It was a little odd when the attractive young lady on stilts walked over to our table and bent down in my face to ask if i wanted an awesome Balloon hat made by the best looking girl on stilts in town.... Uhhhhhh, 
"AWKWARD".   They try really hard to make the atmosphere 
party-esque which they do a pretty good job of. My only complaint is that in the hour and a half that we spent there I think I heard the same songs over and over and over again.

I guess I can say that this is cool to check out once... The food was decent, not the best I've had and the drinks only had a splash of alcohol and were over priced.    I don't see myself going back but feel free to sail away in the back of a fishing boat mounted to a wall while the Benjamins fly out of you wallet..
The waitress was friendly, the decor was FUN and the margaritas were delish.  I got the portabella mushroom sandwich...I think it was 12 dollars or so...I'd definitely go back.
2.5 stars.

Plastered from imbibing numerous Skyy dirty martinis, I allowed my companions to guide me into this raucous joint for some live music and volcano nachos. Immediately, the talentless drummer began grating on my nerves, and I reluctantly took a chair, feeling a touch claustrophobic due to the slung ceilings and thinking that there is nothing sadder than a group of desperate people trying really hard to party to the sounds of an atrocious band. As a piercing buzzer triggered a series of flashing lights, a lithe dancer suddenly shot from the volcano in the middle of the tacky restaurant and flowed like lava down the structure, finally splashing into a large margarita blender filled with neon liquid. As the band then broke out into a Journey medley, I gnashed my teeth, shoved several nacho chips in my mouth (which were nicely coated with beans and cheese), and ordered a couple of tequila shots from our willing server. Mollified by the seductive heat of the liquor, I finally roused my companions from their seats and headed back to the Strip. Never again, Margaritaville.
I am quite disappointed by this place.  My friend had recommended it to me, and everytime I pass by this restaurant, I've always wanted to try it, although never had the chance.  So finally come april, when I was in Vegas, I decided this would be a perfect place to stop by for some lunch.  I ordered the blended guava margarita, which was so strong, I had to trade drinks with my boyfriend.  He ordered a coco cabana, which was made to perfection.  I loved it, and decided to order a second one for myself while he ordered a blended drink next.  This time my coco cabana turned out very strong like my first drink had been, so I again decided to switch with my boyfriend.  His drink was pretty darn good!  But why the inconsistency???  Next for my entree I ordered the sea bass which was $25 market price...Let me tell you, holy moly, my rice on the side was DRENCHED in oil and grease that I could barely eat anything off my plate.  Same with the entree my significant other had ordered.  He had a jambalaya, and again his plate was filled with grease.  I'm sorry, but that's disgusting!  Totally not worth the price they are charging.  Will not go back again, and the two stars are just for the two drinks my boyfriend ordered.
I absolutely love Margaritaville. I've been to Vegas many times and ALWAYS make it a point to grab some grub and margarita's while on vacation. 

The Nachos are scrumptious and I love love love their bacon bbq burger. 

The bar area is fun and entertaining as people are always passing though to get a drink - last time I was there we stayed for a good 5 hours drinking and eating and met a bunch of fun people and are planning a reunion soon. 

I recommend the Perfect Margarita - but only if you have a love for tequila. It's got a kick to it - but definitely does the job!
Bar was fun but the food sucked!
Ugh. I went here with a group of 8 people after a day full of traveling on planes. We arrived shortly after 10:30pm and the live band was just starting up. It was smoky and loud and I'm pretty sure our waiter could barely hear us, so I'll forgive the orders that he messed up (including forgetting to bring drinks out to the table). However, that does not excuse the very slow service and the fact that when our food finally did arrive, it looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes or so. My burger was so soggy I had to eat it with a fork.
Went here twice in September '09.  Loved the place.  Live music, great margaritas, awesome atmosphere.  We danced, drank, and had an awesome time.

We didn't eat, so I'm not giving five stars, but I think the 4 stars are well deserved.
The service was HORRIBLE! The waitress didn't even talk to us or even give us a menu until we had been sitting there for 20 min!
What do you expect from a chain named after a song? mediocre food, weak margaritas and way too loud to have conversation. volcano Nachos - they should be ashamed of themselves - bigger is rarely better and Velveeta never is.  Caesar salad - flavorless. Jerk Salmon was DROWNED in BBQ sauce - hello?
And not just because I'm a Parrothead...

The last time I was in Vegas, I was out with a group.  Some had never been to Vegas before and they were losing their minds!  (For example, one guy from Nebraska...  They've got slot machines right in the damn airport!)  This is Vegas.  Come on...  Most of the group was not ready for the price shock, so the first night in town we spent over two hours trying to find the steak and lobster special.  Then after the meal all I heard was "that wasn't very good at all, and look how much they charged us for the alcohol!!"

I wanted to get away from all that (it was almost every night).  Don't they learn from the first time?  Apparently not.

Having been to the Margaritaville in Orlando, I knew I would get great food here.  I didn't have to think about it, I just knew it would be.  It was.   I took The Deuce (greatest form of transportation in Vegas ever!) from my hotel to Margaritaville.  I knew there would be a wait, I expected to wait, and I figured I'd look around the shop or musclle up to the bar.  No biggie.

I was pleasantly surprised when the gal taking the stand-by reservation told me that there was a seat available up on the patio on the third floor.  Only a few people were up there because it felt like we were sitting at a bar on Mercury (until the sun went down behind Ceasar's...).  Best decision I ever made!

It wasn't long before the sun dropped below Ceasar's, and the bartender was friendly without trying to push me into anything other than conversation. 

I ordered the jambalaya and it was awesome.  I washed it down with a Landshark on tap, and then the bartender had me try the Lone Palm Ale...  Wow!  And only available at Margaritaville, whereas Landshark is available down the street (still a good beer though).  

After the sun went down, the patio turned lively and everyone up there just hung out.  It was one of those random moments that live in a memory.  Good times.
While not the best meal we had while in Vegas (see review for Strip House steakhouse at Planet Hollywood), this was a fine place to take kids and the food was good.  Not memorable, really, but no complaints.  A little bit loud if you're trying to get away from the crowds, casinos, and noise for awhile, but then, with a name like Margaritaville, that's what you'd expect.  The volcano was kind of fun, and the music was what you'd expect as well.  The food was a little greasy for my taste, but the rest of the family thought it was good.  Probably wouldn't go back, but only because it's not really my type of place, but the staff, food and atmosphere was A-OK!
The best time we had in all of Vegas. I personally, don't care much about Jimmy Buffet....but this place was the best time we had all week in Vegas. Went on a Friday night (6/11/10) and had so much fun. Lots and lots of locals (which means something, right?). Met some older guys who we danced with for a while and some funny British guys. It was comfortable in my jeans and flip flops and the drinks weren't terribly expensive either. What an eclectic group of people having so much fun together! LOVED IT!
Also, the cover band (synergy?????) was soooo awesome and made our final night of vacation so splendid!
Their buffalo wings are finger licking good!! This in itself was why I think this place is so great haha (of all reasons)!  This place can get pretty crowded but we actually sat at the bar to have a few margaritas and try their wings.  It was so good that we ordered another plate of it, yummmm!! The sauce was just right: spicy enough and the right amount of sourness (if you get what I mean).  Of course the margaritas weren't bad either.  Pretty tasty in fact.  We had a few that definitely gave us a good buzz!  Sitting at the bar you've got front row seats for their little show of a girl sliding down their indoor volcano (on a water slide)--or something like, that.  I can't really remember.  Haha, maybe the margaritas were better than I thought!
Go here for the strong margarita's to escape the heat of the strip. .

The margaritas we had were great.  Try them on the rocks or frozen--doesn't really matter.  I was pretty surprised to be honest, as they just make huge batches of the stuff and pump it out en masse. 

The food wasn't anything spectacular, but you most certainly could do worse on the strip for your money.  You are really paying for the atmosphere here.  Everything is tacky and very Vegas, but that's why you are there in the first place.

Definitely would go again, just nothing incredible or mind-blowing in my book.
Like others have mentioned, the service at Margaritaville leaves much to be desired. It took about 20 minutes to get menus, about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, another 10 minutes waiting for someone to bring us utensils. We went for breakfast and my omelette (something with crab and shrimp) was very good. Another person got the 'boatmeal' that came with a generous serving of fresh fruit on the side. The margaritas, however, not so good. Such a shame.

Our waiter looked like Seth Rogen, though. That's always nice.
This place is just fun.  The decor is great, and they have entertaining staff working there.  Just get ready for a long long wait.  But I did appreciate that they told us to go walk around for half an hour and then come back for the buzzer.  They way we weren't confined to the restaurant for over an hour.

Once we did get the buzzer, we went to one of the many bars they had and got what else, but a margarita! I had the "Havanas and Bananas" and it was SO GOOD.  (Banana and coconut... delicious!)  It made the rest of the wait for the table bearable.  For food, I had the turkey burger that had the pineapple on top, which I also strongly recommend.  Also very delicious.  And the fries here rock too.

Really a great experience, and I would be more inclined to return to another one of these over another tourist chain like PH or Hard Rock.  The gift shop has a lot of cute things as well
So this place is ok for food. Service is a bit crap to be honest. As a 25 yr old asking for a beer I was told by the server at our table that I needed my passport as ID an that I wouldn't be served again without it. This came just 10 mins after being served at the bar by a bar member.

Firstly I wouldn't be so foolish as to risk taking my passport out of the hotel, but this guy was the only person our whole trip who said anything about the ID I had produced. 

No need for his attitude either when I mentioned I had just been served.
Take me away again to margaritaville...just know I won't be leaving the bar! I had the perfect margarita on the rocks with salt and ummm-err-ahhh it was perfect. I found the bartenders to be personable, friendly and willing to make suggestions. 
The hostess staff however, has some control issues. They take their job and power very serious. The server I had, while a seasoned server - was surprisingly inept with a large group. No refills, VERY VERY slow food service and she must have put the order in wrong as the food runners started delivering to the wrong people and then just started calling out meals. There were fajitas, burgers, wings, etc on the table and she didn't bring any extra napkins or make a trip over to see how we were doing. So the service was eh, so I got my own napkins and refilled my own iced tea - was the food good? Yeah the food was good, I had the turkey burger and it was full of flavor and goodness.  Would suggest you come here for the bar and atmosphere, and eat at the bar too.
The nachos at margaritaville are one of the most enjoyable things about vegas.  As a late night snack they are one of the best things you can get.  And the margarita choices and other drink concoctions are outstanding.  Always love coming here, and the live rock music is a nice touch.  Overall reasonably priced food and drinks, and real chill setting to just have a good laid back time.
Loved their papaya & guava margaritas (with salt on the rim of course). For a taste of something more...virgin, the guava juice delivered. Loved their decor - think summery beach vibe, sail boats and decks. Their nacho platter was good, but more like a meal than an appetizer. The waiters & waitresses seem to be on crack but others might call it good customer service. In the scorching hot oven known as VEGAS this is a smart pit stop for sure. 

OH PS. you can also take the alcohol to go... I did not do so, but can LA restaurants & bars please take note and do likewise? pls & thank you.
What can I say.  I needed to kill a couple hours before flying out of this crazy city. The result...I am buzzed and had an awesome burger. Sit at the bar meet people from around the world, and drink..,works for me. Drink here, eat here, meet and greet here...sad to leave but I have a plane to catch...to reality.
Great service! Great price! Great atmosphere! Bar tender was very friendly and drinks were delicious!
Their margaritas are good and just really good. I dot remember what margarita I had but boy was it strong. I also shared the nachos with the girlfriend and we both agreed that they were pretty good. I'll have to come here next time I'm in town.
Over priced! Over rated!
The only reason I wanted to come by - the volcano nachos.  I liked them a lot.  Shredded cheddar and jack on top of a mild chili mix of ground beef and stewed tomatoes, sour cream, guac, tomatoes, and jalapenos.  Only thing I DIDN'T like was the fact that there weren't enough toppings to go around.  By the time you get to the middle of your "volcano" there are only nacho chips left with nothing to scoop.  We sat in the bar area because table seating was a 15 minute wait.  Pretty good bloody marys.
I came not because I'm a Jimmy Buffett fan but because I was looking for some adult beverages on the Strip and the menu looked good too. My mother and I arrived on a Saturday night around 8 and waited somewhere between 30 and 45 minutes for a table, which is really not bad considering it was Saturday. I did not know this place was so huge, there are 3 floors! There is also a gift shop that we strolled through while waiting for our table, as well as talked to an employee there; they have men walking around on stilts, dressed in sailor costumes (think Popeye). That was entertaining enough. The huge margarita tubs behind the bar are cool to look at.

Anyway there is not too much to say. Our waiter was prompt despite a packed house, our food and drinks were good, the atmosphere is casual and I enjoyed the tv's everywhere playing the music video for whatever song happened to be playing on their playlist. It may be outdated but I still like watching music videos. I feel for the prices we should have gotten more food though; everything was good but the quantity did not match the prices. For the record we had a shrimp cocktail (Peel N Eat Shrimp), Coconut Shrimp, and the BBQ Pork Sandwich. No complaints about our food otherwise. I had a margarita which was good and I think my mom had a beer. It IS the Strip and we had fun so it's a give and take. Next time I will probably sit at the bar exclusively for drinks and maybe some appetizers. I'm not running back to Margaritaville but will be there again sometime.

I was really between 2 and 3 stars, and although the food was good it really can be found elsewhere, so that bumped it down to a 2 for me.
Yummy margaritas and a bbq pork sandwich was the kick of this place.  I'm not a big Jimmy Buffett fan, but it's a hip place to check out.  We ate on the 2nd floor away from the crowd and our waitress was nice.  She gave us a souvenir glass for free.  There are a lot of people that get a second round of drinks to go to drink on the strip.  How often does that happen when you are on not on vacation?  ;)
I stopped by JB's after a night of parties/gambling and just needed some food.  JB's was open and available so we stopped in.  The restaurant seemed to follow a ship's decor, with mock ships and galleys for seating.  We sat down and took a look at the menu.  It seemed like a glorified TGI Friday's.  We ordered simple things, like lava shrimp and burgers, as well as margaritas, which they were supposed to be famous for.  The margaritas were so-so and the food nothing special.  Like I said, a glorified TGI Friday's.

On the plus side, they did have a band on stage with nice live music so it wasn't a total loss.  I mean, we were stuffed by the end of the meal, but for some odd reason expected more for the price.  Oh well, afterall, it's Vegas.
Had the jerk chicken for $16.99. What a pitiful yardbird that was, extremely dry and then the green beans that went with it were not even cooked!! Margaritas defiantly helped me choke down my dinner and sleep a little better too :)
Ate lunch here last Thursday.  Place is alright.  Had a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a dill pickle with some beer which was pretty bomb aside from the fact that I was really hungry.  They also serve buckets of beer over here.  Chill spot for a change in scenery from stuffing your face at those overpriced buffets.  Expect to drop around $20-$25 each here with a meal and a couple drinks.
We came here for a drink and snack. It was pricey for small drinks and the nachos we ordered were huge but not very good. Atmosphere was kind of cool., they have a volcano that erupts inside the restaurant.
For people who hate chains -- you'll hate this place.  Sorry about that.

However, this place is one that I continue to come back to every time I'm in Vegas.  I love the fun atmosphere and the good music they play.  I like that it makes me feel like I am really on vacation.  

The food is decent and is not insanely overpriced like some places in Vegas.  The food is also consistent.  I've never had anything bad here, but my favorite is the chicken fajitas.  

In the time between my trips to Vegas, I discovered they have added a "show" at this location.  Every half hour (I think) a girl comes out and dances around and does a little shimmy shake.  She even climbs into the volcano and then slip and slides down it into the blender.  It's ridiculous and hilarious, but totally awesome because it is in Vegas.
Quite poor, actually.  I ordered the $20 mahi mahi and it was junk.  It was way too salty, and the vegetables that came on the side were barely cooked.  The only thing good about the meal was the glass of white zinfandel I had.  Others at my table were only mildly impressed with their dishes too.  With so many amazing dining choices in Vegas, go elsewhere.
A good place to go if you aren't really into clubs/don't want to wait in a line/don't want to pay admission. They have a live band playing there that plays a good variety of music that appeals to everyone.

Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste. After two I felt disgusting. Their volcano nachos are ridiculously huge but good to share with a huge group. 

I considered this place my "back up plan" I wouldn't plan to go here first but if all my other plans fell awry I would be happy here.
Loved it! We went here after Yelping it and I was going to try the chicken fajitas that were so highly recommended. But they had portobello fajitas! I was in heaven! The best fajitas I have ever had in my life, I kid you not! If you are in Vegas, you gotta try this place. It was hopping! And the entertainment was pretty cool too!
In our 2 visits to Margaritaville I will have to say I have not been disappointed. Now I will be the first one to admit that we usually get sucked into the chain restaurants and the majority of the time it is just bad. But maybe it was the tequila in my drinks but the food each time was great. Each time we have started off with the Nachos. Seriously after eating them I should not have ordered an entree but I did anyway and remember leaving there stuffed. On Friday and Saturday nights it is for sure a party atmosphere in there.
This place sucks hard. Jimmy buffet would never eat here I'm sure of it, and neither will I again. 

First off is the beer scam they run here where the draft price listed on the menu as five bucks. Except that's for the twelve ounce beer, also not a listed fact. Then when you order the waiter says "would you like the twelve or the twenty-two ounce souvenir size?" I was shrewd enough to pick up on this but they caught my friends by suprise. Anyway when you say yes to this they throw in the take home glass at which point you have to pay for the glass for ten bucks and then carry around this monument to your stupidity the rest of the night. 

Food is average atmosphere is ok service sucked but was quick. I was smart I got a shot of tequila but the rest of my friends got caught in the beer scam. 

So one star for blatant dishonesty and the beer bait and switch and general crappiness. One good thing we ate here the first thing we did on the first night of our trip and things went waay up from here. Vegas baby!
Coming to Margaritaville, at least for me, has been similar to doing heroin.  

I came here for the first time years ago and thought it was the best thing ever. Yummy sour apple margaritas in a yard-long cup that had a neck strap.  I think it's worth noting that I was pretty WASTED on my first trip.

Every subsequent trip has been spent "Chasing the Dragon."  I just can't get that same feeling anymore.

Super loud and crowded to the point that I can't have a conversation with my own table. Lame music & "entertainment"

Service leaves much to be desired...I think everyone appears to be drinking on the job.

Won't be back if I can help it.
This place was everything I expected it to be!  The food was as bland, boring and as uninspiring as a Jimmy Buffett song.  It was amazing how they were able to make everything on the menu like a yacht rock song.  Everything was of the island theme and of course they had the Cheese Burger in Paradise!  So when in Rome I had to have it to complete my experience by having one.  

The real reason we came here?  It was pretty dead for lunch, and easy to get a table.  We need a place to kill some time before heading back to Cleveland.  The ambiance?  It's a standard chain with wild and wacky Buffett memorabilia, a giant margarita glass full of the god awful is there actually booze in here mix, and your general Key West decor.  The TV's tortured you with not just live Buffett but Dave Matthews and other sound alike no talent soulless drivel as well.  If it sucked it was on that TV right above our heads blasting.  You couldn't pay me to go back here quite honestly.  

For the Buffett lover or parrot heads this place is Mecca but for a cynical non-fan skip it.  Everything about this place is as predicable as a Jimmy Buffett chorus.
we go here everytime we're in vegas... Hubby and I are not the club going type but we enjoy a good meal.. I'm not a Jimmy Buffet fan but the place is chill. This time around had quesadillas for appetizer (delish) and tilapia burger... very good.. My fave: pomegranate margarita... yummy.. dislike: overpriced for ok food.
This was the first place open serving food that was close by our hotel once we got settled in. We split an order of nachos, which were HUGE! The late night crowd was there, and they had the lights turned down and the music blaring. Not the atmosphere I expected.
Bring Margaritaville to LA!!! 
When I go into Vegas I enjoy drinking!!!! 
I am a fan of margaritas. I prefer just the house margaritas on the rocks with salt. The blended ones give me a brain freeze. I will admit that last time I came here I was a little buzzed and everything tasted good. But overall the margaritas are good. 
When it comes to the food I remember sharing a chicken sandwich with my friend. It was enough to be shared. Again, tasted great when you've had hours and hours of drinking. One of the first times I went there I got the nachos and they were HUGE! I'm not kidding -- you can feed a family of 4 easily. They are just to big and lack flavor. 
Service was fast and friendly. It does get packed but a little short wait is not all that bad. Music is pretty cool and just a great atmosphere overall. Great place to start the night!!!
Good food, good margaritas, descent prices, what else is there to say?? Very fun!!!  Will for sure be back!
Hostess gave our table away -- the buzzer beeped we cashed out and went to get our table and she said sorry I gave your table away...this time we sat in the lobby.  Server was very friendly, food was good, but the short stocky Security Guard takes his job way too seriously to the point he is a buzzkill when nothing is happening...We had a bird's eye view as our tables were in the front facing the stage,  and watched as he was just gunning for someone to do something that would require his expertise.  Way too much, and the people sitting next to us felt the same way!!  I wanted to suggest that he take it down a few notches, but opted to just let it go.  He certainly is not a company asset.  We were there to chill, relax, listen  to music and have a great time but it was hard when Rambo walks by every moment like a stalker just waiting for prey.  Went to Hard Rock, had a great time!
I'm not a Jimmy Buffett fan but the food here is good. I've been to this one 2x, and the other one in Orlando. The gift shop is annoying as you'll only find Jimmy Buffett stuff, don't understand why people like him, he had one good song and can't sing worth a hoot. Would rather listen to the Marcarena all day long. So just be prepared to tune the music out and the big screen promo of him that plays non stop while you are there. 
Have tried the cheeseburger and the blackened fish at this location in particular. Both very very good. But for an appetizer you need to get the nachos! Awesome! Very fattening and bad for you, so make sure it's a cheat meal for you :)
Service is awesome, both times we had Chris. Ask for him and you won't be disappointed. He even gave us a tour of the place. There's 3 levels. And this one location is according to him the busiest restaurant in the U.S, maybe the world I can't remember. 
Food is well priced. Give it a try
Fish tacos rock!  Sit on the third floor outside great view of caesars and the strip a lot of fun!
In a city where everything is over the top and fake.  This place is just enjoyable.  Food is decent and the service is good.



Thanks jimmy!
This is a stop we make during every Vegas trip. Being a Parrothead, we have to. 

Margaritas are excellent, the food is mostly good (Crab Dip - Very good; Jerk Chicken - good; Taco Salad - not). Service is good and the atmosphere is fun.
We were staying at Flamingo and didn't want to go to the hotel buffet or coffee shop for breakfast, so decided to try something different and come here.

This restaurant has 3 levels and breakfast was only served on the 3rd level.  The great thing about that is it is outdoors and you have a great view of the Strip.

I had eggs benedict and it was ok.  Wasn't the worst I've had, but it wasn't the best either.  It was busy, the atmosphere was nice, the service was ok and the food was ok for the price.  

The great thing is that if you are a Total Rewards Member (Players card for the Harrah's family which included Flamingo), you get 20% off breakfast at Jimmy B's and 10% off anything in the retail store.

Not sure if I'd come back for breakfast, but one day I do want to go back for some Margaritas and good music.
We came here one night after dinner for the sole reason of getting more buzzed/drunk. It was a pretty chill atmosphere: dark, with music, and some space for dancing.

They have a huge variety of drinks (with a full bar), mostly centered around margaritas; it is, afterall, in their name. If you want their strongest drink, get the Perfect Margarita (gold tequila, silver tequila, triple sec, orange curacao and lime juice on the rocks. I can't say it tasted very good because, well, it didn't; but it did its job.

I may have been drunk after an additional shot of grey goose, but I'm calling BS on this extra tax they charged us. The sales tax in Vegas is 8.1%, but they charged us 18.1%. I knew something wasn't right when the tax they charged was higher than the amount listed next to the suggested 15% tip amount. When I asked our server about it, he said all places in Vegas charge an extra 10% tax at places where they have entertainment. That's the first time I've ever heard about something like that. What BS! I won't be coming back.
This place is always packed. I've never eaten here but I didn't see anything special in their margaritas. It's Vegas so everything is supposed to be ridiculous but paying $18 for a margarita was not cool. I got the souvenir glass but broke it once my friends and I entered clubs. I think it'd be more enjoyable to have dinner here rather than just come for a drink.
Much better quality food than I expected for the prices.  This place is a great value compared with most of the options on the strip.  The service was also pretty good considering how busy it was.  I will likely stop in again next time I am in Vegas.  Good selection of beers too, it's the only place in Vegas I saw PBR on tap!
Food is mediocre - but I mean do you really come here for the food? You come here for the atmosphere and  the freezing margaritas. That being said the food was decent, our service was good. and it was my birthday and I got an amazing balloon hat. Love Vegas.
An admitted Parrot Head, I couldn't not go to Margaritaville. The drinks are great, and servings of food and alcohol are large. Three of us couldn't finish the nachos, which were delish. We all had a different margarita and they were all good. This place just has a fun vibe to it.

The gift shop has some hysterical shirts...I got one that said "we are the people our parents warned us about." So true.
it's a party on the inside, very cool decor and volcano show

better burgers than "The Burger Joint" in the same location

average food but worth the price
Quick & Dirty:  Jimmy would be very disappointed.  Just bad, all around.

Long & Wasted Away:  

In a past life I worked at a Hard Rock Cafe for a year, so I know about places like this.  They try to capitalize on tourists and nostalgia.  HRC has this down to a science, Margaritaville on the other hand is a disgrace.  

Food:  It's okay.  Burgers, chicken, salads, etc.  Basically nothing memorable.  

Drinks:  Overpriced, watered down, lame.

Atmosphere:  Would've been cool if they had been playing Jimmy Buffet!  We got to hear Nirvana, The Squeeze, Madonna, etc.  I mean, what the hell is that crap?  

Service:   AWFUL!  We were there for my Brother-in-law's 40th and were rushed along like it was lunch.  Server was terrible.  

This was my first time here but my family had been here before and kept saying "It used to be so cool." or "What happened to this place?" or "Why does this place suck such huge elephant balls?"  

I don't know the answer to any of those questions.  So, I have to ask Jimmy.  

Jimmy, if you are reading this by chance, what happened?  Your name is sprayed all over the bosom of this five dollar Mexican hooker of a restaurant.  It's disgusting!  

Should you go here?  Go to Hard Rock, Planet Hollywood, or anyplace else if you need to go to a place like this at all.

Would I go here again?  Even if they had my lost salt shaker, I'd just buy a new one elsewhere that wasn't $10!

What a pisser,
Sam
This is a "must do" if you're on the strip. 
The margaritas are pretty darn good. I guess that's what most people come for because the food is not the greatest I've ever had. 
I tried the Cuban sandwich which was "fair". 
The other two people with me tried the nachos and the quesadilla which they said was "OK". 
I think the food is just a way to keep people in after they've filled up on margaritas. I also think the food is a little overpriced.
Teriyaki steak was great!  Lots of Margaritas to choose from.  Our meal took a long time so our waiter bought us a coupla extra margaritas.  

People on stilts walk around and will blow up balloons and place them on your head.  Fun time.
We went to Margaritaville Cafe on the Monday, right before we left for the airport.

It was really fun inside, but the food wasnt anything spectacular and it smelled funny-like a bar in Mexico. I wish we would have gone there when we were in the mood to drink because their margarita menu was insane!Never seen so many options in my life. I got the California Chicken Sandwich which was alright, but their fries were the best part-vvveeryyy yummy.

Good place for kids/big parties. Honestly the best part about it was the video playing on the overhead projector of drunk people making fools out of themselves on tape....very entertaining;)
Margaritaville was actually pretty good. We got a lot of appetizers - the wings are insanely tasty. We also bought the 100 Oz. margarita mix for $50. *TIP* If you get it, tell them to put LESS ice. They put so much that it dilutes your drink quickly.

The shrimp/steak was very dry. I highly recommend that you don't order it and stick to nachos + burgers. 

One thing that's great about Margaritaville are the balloon makers. They make awesome balloon designs for your party/kids - an awesome experience. They have a show where a girl slides down the volcano - it's rather dumb, but better than nothing I guess.
If you walk down the strip, you will for sure see Margaritaville.

I have passed by this place many many times, but last week was the first time I actually went in to sit down and eat.

If you do come here, the one thing you SHOULD order is the nachos.  This will feed a family!  It comes out in a huge tower and it really is hard to miss when the waiters bring out the platter of nachos.  They are generous with the jalapenos, guacamole, sour cream and cheese; which is why it is so worth getting!

Andrew D. and I both ordered burgers, but sadly they were not as good.  I ordered the portobello mushroom cheeseburger and he ordered the bbq bacon cheeseburger.  His burger actually tasted better than mine.  Bacon always makes things better, doesn't it?  My portobello cheeseburger was kind of lacking taste. 

Already filled from alcohol from the night before, we also didn't get a chance to order a margarita.  However, their margarita menu is extensive and it looks like there are a lot of crazy drinks you can order.

Service was a little too slow for me, but the waitress was really nice.  For 2 people, it will cost you around $50.  A little on the pricey side for just nachos and burgers.  However, I may come back again for just the nachos.
Cheeseburger in Paradise sums it up!  The burgers here are a force to be reckoned with, the servers are cool, and a it is a great value overall.

When Ryan M. and I do LV, we always hit Margaritaville for some tasty eats and drinks.  Aside from the great burgers, the tacos and nachos are also very good.

Thank you, Jimmy Buffet - every time I hear your plug for Margaritaville at the end of "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere", my mouth starts watering for your tasty burgers.
I always try to make sure I head to this place everytime I go to Vegas because I always have the best time.  The drinks are good...the food is good...always a bunch of cute and friendly guys...the mermaid show is entertaining.  It's just a really fun, laidback atmosphere.  Love it.
what an awesomely tacky and fun place.

the theme here is Some Sort of Tropical. there's a show at some point, involving pirates on stilts, a volcano, balloon hats, everyone clapping in unison, and a girl in a bikini in a dunk tank, none of which seem to make sense, but who cares? 

I had the pulled pork sandwich on garlic toasted bread, which was actually pretty good, though the fries were standard.

the nachos: they are piled high and stacked with beans, cheese, meats, sour cream, and guac, and most definitely NOT microwaved. incredible stuff - and the 7 of us at the table were just able to finish them!

the drinks: our waiter actually advised against getting the giant ones because he said the ice melts too fast and dilutes it. myself and a few other people in our party had "The Perfect Margarita" which was described to us as "pretty much just alcohol and lime juice" and definitely did the trick. a little too much salt for my taste, but the alcohol helped block that out.

major props to our waiter (I think his name was John) - he was from Hoboken! - he actually was helpful with recommendations.

the price is not that bad actually. I think we each chipped in about $25-30.

thanks to this place "Wasting Away in Margaritaville" is stuck in my head. curse you, Jimmy.
There are two reasons why I love margaritaville and two only. 

The first reason: Redbull margaritas. This is like the ultimate cure for a hangover AND you get to maintain drunkness. Fuck yes. If you sit there long enough and drink enough of them, suddenly you'll find yourself running down Las Vegas Boulevard at full speed against traffic with your shirt off and not remember a damn thing. Good times.

Second reason: rare burgers. You know, I get fucking completely tired of places cooking their burgers all the way through if I specifically ask for rare. I assume the risk that I might get ecoli or mad cow when I eat rare meat. Needless to say I'm stoked that margaritaville will oblige me and give me my fucking rare burger. 

That's it. Just follow my lead and do it.
The jerk chicken is really good, and you'll get a decent-sized portion of food if you order it! 

Drinks are really good! The atmosphere is pretty wild - I saw a few dudes walking around on stilts, some girl go down a waterslide, and a very loud Jimmy Buffet concert on a giant TV. 

Prices are a little expensive, but this place is definitely worth stopping in if you're looking for a nice change of pace from the Strip!
Best nachos in town and I eat nachos everywhere.  My family and I go to this inconvenient and pricey place just for the nachos.  Locals this is a must try but don't venture out for any other food just stick with nachos they are amazing.
The jerk chicken wings are pretty great. The buffalo wings I could pass on.

I got the French Onion burger, which was good but a bit too salty and onion-y... surprise surprise. It tasted like it was seasoned with a pack of onion soup mix.

Boyfriend got the Hawaiian burger which he really enjoyed. I liked picking the little bits of mango off his plate.

Fries were good enough and the margaritas were a bit weak but tasted good.

Staff was all super nice including our waitress who was happy to recommend all kind of things for us and the girls by the door who offered to take a picture of us with the token big breasted mermaid.
Came here just for the margaritas since we were staying across the street at Caesar's Palace. The drinks were delicious and the service was awesome! As expensive as Vegas is, the margaritas here were fairly priced:)
This place is just cheesy enough!!!  

We typically just eat and drink at the bar because that is where all of the fun is!!!  The bartenders during the day are funny and nice.  The patrons are all just out to have fun and you meet the nicest and oddest people here!!!  The food is not amazing here, but I don't think most people are coming to Vegas for the food!!!  The drinks, however, are delicious!!!

We did eat at the restaurant part this past weekend for a family dinner and it just was not the same.  The service was slow and not as peppy.  We will definitely return to Margaritaville, but will definitely opt for the bar to enjoy our drinks and food!!!
Yep it is typical Vegas ie a bit touristy and a bit sleazy, however it is a great place to catch your breath and enjoy a cool drink. I haven't eaten here but the margarita's are quite good!
This is definitely a place of novelty.

My friend and I shared a plate of the Chicken Pasta. The portions are big enough to share. You won't feel super stuffed when you try to squeeze into your dresses for the evening! Hehe. :) The pasta was pretty good, you can also substitute the chicken for shrimp too.

Of course, you can't go to Margaritaville without trying out their margaritas! A few of my friends ordered the Tropical Fruit Margaritas (Mango and Guava). They're on the sweeter side, but pretty yummy! Although you'd probably have to drink a couple more to get a decent buzz, haha.

This restaurant has a sort of tiki/Hawaiian sort of atmosphere. In between our meal, the staff put on a little musical number... complete with a dancer sliding into a pool (or giant cup) of water! Even though it is a little cheesy, eating here was entertaining!
We grabbed our first meal here out of conveniance when we checked into the Flamingo.  Check with your server for drink specials. We ended up with $5 24oz beers that were from a  party that they were trying to use up.  Nachos were huge and a great snack before we wandered out on the strip fo a walk. Wife had the tortilla soup which she liked.
* Good for kids or ten years old adults.

* Giant size NACHOS. I'm not kidding, the nachos is the size of my head combined with another person's head.

* I had the Hawaiian type burger and it was just ok. The meat was good, but the buns got soggy really quick and they put waaaaaayyyy too much lettuce on it. The last time I check, I'm not quite a herbivore yet....

* There are better restaurants in Vegas...I think...
Jimmy Buffett's Margartiaville is always on my to do list when I'm in Vegas and my most recent trip was no different.  My friend and I were partially hungover and I thought the Volcano Nachos would be a good way to start the day.  

On this given Saturday, we didn't have to wait for room at the bar and we immediately sat ourselves at the bar.  The cafe was steadily busy, but not overflowing with customers as you might expect during the late-night hour.  We went ahead and placed our order for the Volcano Nacho and I decided to try a frozen concoction by the name of Havanas and Bananas.  The frozen drink is made with Cruzan Dark Rum, Baileys, and Bols Crema de Banana and Island Oasis coconut mix.

The frozen drink was delicious and tasted like something off the Starbucks Frappachino menu rather than an alcoholic beverage.  The drink was flavorful, yet had a kick of rum that wasn't overpowering in anyway.  The volcano nachos arrived and were just as big as I remembered.  The appetizer can serve as a main entree or can be shared with two or three adults and still have leftovers.  

The volcano nachos are topped with chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapeos, tomato and scallions.  Additionally, you can add grilled chicken or beef for an additional charge.  I tend to always go with grilled chicken and yet to try the beef topping.  The nacho plate represents everything Vegas food is about.  The nachos are overwhelming with flavor, spiciness, and size.  The nachos are simply delicious and leave you stuffed.  I can't recommend the nachos enough, especially if you're with a group of friends, as you can all share and dig in.

I would give Margaritaville a full five stars, but I had a horrible experience a few summers ago.  The cafe was busy and I was forced to wait about 25-30 minutes for a spot to open at the bar.  Once I sat myself , I was carded and the girl behind the counter refused to serve me because she said the ID wasn't mine.  Granted, the picture was old and I had gained 100+ lbs, but there was still enough resemblance for me to be served everywhere else in Las Vegas.  Furthermore, she was rude about the whole ordeal and refused to call over a manager.  I was upset and called her a cunt and walked away.  The situation could of been handled better by both parties, but I consider it an isolated incident and sweep it under the rug.
Eh I wasn't impressed. I enjoy the atmosphere in Orlando better. We sat in the bar and the server seemed disinterested in serving us. We arrived an hour before they closed which was really early for Vegas and he told us three times within the hour that they closed soon. It was like Dude we get the message we will leave your table in time for you to go home. The drinks we got were great but not proportioned to the price.
Seriously ..... What is better than drinking a margarita, eating a juicy burger, listening to Jimmy Buffett's great repertoire (/rep(r)twr/), and watching a scantily clad mermaid slide seductively (...... and very awkwardly) down a volcano into a GIANT margarita glass!!!! I ask you..... what??! Nothing. The Drinks are strong .... the music is great .... you will leave relaxed, full and drunk. 

Watch out for Pop Tops!!
The service was fantastic! It was our birthday so he hooked us up with free ice cream sundaes and was very friendly. We had the chicken wings which were pretty good size and I'm still craving them. We also split a cheeseburger in paradise. This is suppose to be their signature burger but I didn't really care for it.too messy, flavor was boring and it was just a regular burger.nothing special about it.all in all, it was a good experience...primarily because of the service.
Margaritaville is the Jimmy Buffet entry for Vegas.  Seems like a nice enough party joint, but get ready for a bunch of fried foods and some just "OK" margaritas. 

I was recently stationed there for a private party, which had it's own place on the very cold deck and a private bartender.  So bad and good things going for it.  

I would say the food is ok and the drinks are ok, but you can find much better throughout Vegas.
This is not going to be a fair review. Upfront.

I visited the Margaritaville Cafe on 2/14/11. Apparently someone had "bought-out" the first two floors leaving only the roof-top bar available.

The line for the roof-top bar started at the top of the stairs and proceed down a hall toward what appeared to be a bus area/kitchen. The stench of stewing garbage in the hallway was over powering. About 20-30 people waited in this line. After 15 minutes, the line didn't move and the same two guys at the front were still there.

We left. Probably never coming back. Management needed to be doing some damage control and wasn't. It probably would have been tolerable if someone tried to get a couple of drink orders for the line.
We ordered the nachos, tortilla soup and a California chicken sandwich. We also ordered a Bahama Mama drink.

Nachos = Good - It was  huge and very messy, very good, but nothing out of the ordinary (except for size)

Tortilla soup = good, but it was more like a chili, it actually went well with the nachos.

Chicken sandwich = very good, came with fries. My son really enjoyed it.

Bahama Mama: poor, the drink was small and not very tasty. I told my wife if Margarita is in the restaurant's name, then maybe she should have ordered that.

The food was good, the service was fine. We probably wouldn't return without a groupon or other discount as the food was a little overpriced and nothing special.
Why do I like this place? Because it just doesn't feel like Las Vegas! 
This place has an amazing vibe to it and the bartenders are really good. There are no slot machines here...just some great food and drink...it allows me to escape from Vegas and it takes me to a tropical place in my mind. 

Dinner is great here...do not pass up the Cheese Burger in Paradise...it is one of the best burgers you will find...plus I highly recommend the Ultimate Margarita. We also sit at the bar and enjoy talking to the bartenders. They are fun bunch up there and make the night enjoyable. 

Recently they added breakfast here and I was able to swing buy and grab a bite before work. I sat at the bar on the second floor and the bartenders that worked up there were fantastic. I had an amazing 3 egg white omelet is so nice not to eat at an all you can eat buffet in Vegas. The cooked to order breakfast was really good. I was amazed to see other people at the bar drinking Margarita's at 9am...I guess that is how you start your day in the desert of sin city...my liver was hurting for them.
Yumm.. What's better then getting a yummy margarita on a Sunday morning. I tell you, it's the breakfast of champions! 

After a adventurous night from before, my girls and I decided to take a stroll down the strip and grab a hearty breakfast to soak up all the alcohol consumed. We decided to stop by Margaritaville since I've always wanted to try this place out.  Although it was an hour wait, we didn't mind since our poor feet needed a rest from the high heels we wore the other night. 

We ordered the huge nachos, buffalo wings and to be healthy, the Asian salad and of course, a side of strawberry margarita. 
All this, was able to feed 3 starving girls. We even had left overs to take back. The strawberry margarita and nachos totally hit the spot! I was in complete heaven! The salad helped wash down all the greasy fried goodness.  

I can't wait to go back and try all the other items on the menu. I haven't found a margarita as good as this place yet!
Drinks are much too expensive, paid $6 for a Heineken when I paid $1 for a Michelob 10 minutes before. Or waiter gave us great service he was very attentive and checked on our table often. Nachos , which could feed 4 normal people for about $16 were a good deal, because of the huge portion. We got steak and chicken nachos and 3 of us could not finish them, and they were good. The nachos had chunks of chicken, steak, ground beef, nacho cheese, shredded cheese, guacamole, and sour cream. Get the nachos and order nothing else, save your money on drinks and buy them some where else or flask it.
Y'know, I'd probably hate this place if it weren't in Las Vegas, but Jimmy's is actually kind of a nice momentary escape from the drone of clanging slot machines and flashing lights of the casinos.

I like sitting upstairs on the outdoor deck where there's a great view of Bellagio and Caesar's. Perched at the far end of the bar under one of the "misters" with a big rum drink in hand is a small slice of Vegas heaven.

I ordered the loaded nachos "appetizer" with a friend on a recent visit and that ended up being our appetizer, dinner and dessert as the serving was easily larger than my head! Probably the best bargain on the menu in that it can easily feed 2-3 grown men.
I've been to the location in Florida multiple times and loved their food. I was however a little disappointed by this location. The food was good but the service sucked. My bf and I waited for a good 10-15 min. before a waiter came by to take our drink orders after we were seated. Our drinks remained empty for a while before they were refilled too. When we were done eating it took a long time for the waiter to walk by to see that we were done. The music was good but really loud, we had to almost yell to hear each other. 

If you're looking for decent food but willing to hang out for a while this place would be ok but if you're looking to go in, eat, and go on with exploring Vegas I would recommend somewhere else.
We had lunch here and had a good time. We had the loaded nachos which is a ridiculous amount of food, and then just shared a burger. The food wasn't the best I've ever had but was good. 

We waited about 20 minutes for a table for two around 1pm which wasn't too bad. The service was okay and the prices were decent as well. We sent about $40 on the nachos, cheeseburger and two soft drinks with tip.
ONLY went here since we were crunched for time and had to find something close and quick. NEVER again. LOUD, too much hustle and bustle walking around. Not bad food, just your typical chain style fare.

Again, as I said,,,,never again.
After walking up and down the strip for hours, a friend and I decided to stop in and have lunch.  The service was pretty lousy for a Thursday afternoon, and the food was worse.  I ordered a simple cheeseburger and by the time I finally got it, my friend has finished his entire meal.  The burger was extremely bland as were the fries, and pretty costly considering there are a million other restaurants just seconds away.

The only thing I enjoyed there was a frozen drink or two, but those were so overpriced that it killed the enjoyment.  If you're in Vegas, there are several places that are better and worthier of your money.
Ive been here a few times since its attached to the casino @ flamingo (where I sometimes stay) sometimes i get a margarita  to-go, and other times I've chilled at the bar, i usually go for the "Perfect margarita" over ice along with some chips and salsa. i haven't tried any of the food yet. but the HUGE volcano nachos and the burgers seem to be heavily filling the tables when Ive come.  

The restaurant has two bars the 1st ones in the front of the restaurant and there's a (standing only) little patio which is facing out to the strip. good for people watching and catching a breeze where the weathers nice.
the 2nd bar is in the back of the restaurant by the stage/projection setup  

 For those who want a souvenir there's a gift shop @ the entry of the restaurant which sells glassware, margarita mixes, shirts,flip/flops, hats etc..

**tip #1 ** there's a 2-4-1 coupon for their  "whose to blame" margarita in the fun book they give you when you stay @ the flamingo. (avg out $4 ea margarita!!) which u can drink there or get it to go!   boo-ya!

**tip #2** you get more margarita when u get it a to-go cupppp :)
BEST NACHOS EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
other foood options i have no idea.
We went to Margaritaville last night with some friends who had come to town and wanted to try it.  The overpriced food was mediocre. We started with the tortilla soup, which was pretty much chicken chili. More like a thick sauce and not very soupy. Again, mediocre.  I had the Caribbean chicken salad. The cucumbers were cut into tiny pieces with the skin left on which was bitter and tough to chew. The chicken seemed to have been defrosted, which gave it a very weird texture.  My fiance had the chicken pasta, which was the highlight of our meal, but definitely not enough food for my hungry boy. We spent about $75 included a martini and a beer, but I can definitely find better food elsewhere for a much better price.

The worst part was the round of waters brought with the meal that no one ordered, which explained why we were never brought soda or beer refills after that, since we didn't see the waiter again until he started to usher us out with our check.  Our table of 7 was right in the middle of where the dance floor usually is. And the management stood near the bus station staring us down and tapping their toes till we vacated the table. Once one of us stood up, the bus boys were there clearing the table before we could even breathe.

We felt very unwelcome and will never go back.
I must admit i had high exspectations for this place when i went. Unfortunetly i left this place hungry and dissapointed. I ordered there Fajitas w/ beef, not a wise choice. After waiting a good while i was starving! when the food came the meat was real fatty and chewy and not alot of flavor. I never send food back but in this case i had to and not to mention it wasn't very hot. By the time my waitress figured everything out w/ her manager my best friend was all ready done w/ her plate of food (coconut prawns that were delicious to be fair). I will eat here again i do believe i just had a miss instead of a hit.
Bartenders here know how to pour!  Order the "Perfect Margarita", volcano nachos, and get a seat at the top patio! :)
Go for the drinks, go for the atmosphere, maybe even for the music, but skip the food.  The food I ordered smelled like dirty dishes, and the waiter took so long to come back to check on me that it wasn't even worth asking him to bring me something better/that didn't smell like dirty dishes.  THe margaritas were awesome though.
This place was okay.. 

we came with a party of 8.. had to wait over an hour to be seated. Def not worth the wait because its just a burger place. I received the same service and quality food as an Islands. The only outstanding thing is the choices of drinks and cool decor. Such as the huge margarita (where theres a girl inside dancing) and the volcano (another girl dancing)
I go to Vegas all the time, and this place never lets me down!! Great burgers and other dishes, perfect margaritas and other frozen concoctions! I crave this place and seriously wish I could eat here everyday. The atmosphere is awesome too complete with live music and 2 floors of island greatness! wasted away again...
A standard Margaritaville. Pretty clean, huge and drinking friendly. I especially loved the drinking deck, a patio esque area where smokers ad drunkards can watch the foot traffic just below on the strip sidewalk.
Shout out to Mississippi Marci!  Best service we had in Vegas.
I've been to this Margaritaville several times and generally have a good experience. There is usually a wait to get in, and parking can be a pain. The food and drinks can be a bit expensive. 

The marquee item on the menu is the Volcano Nachos. It satisfied our table of six adults. The burgers are a pretty safe bet here. Drinks are pretty good here, but be careful how much you drink, because they add up. 

I really like the atmosphere here. I'm no die hard Parrot Head, but I appreciate Jimmy Buffett and it is neat seeing how this guy lives and the happiness he brings people. They seem to play more of his stuff for dinner than lunch.
I haven't been here in a while, but this is the spot that my friends and I usually come when we don't want to deal with clubs/lines/guestlists/crap. I've never eaten the food here, but we come here when we want to make SURE everyone has a great time.

Great frozen drinks and great dance music, surprisingly enough! It's a fun atmosphere, there is never a wait to get in and we can always find a table. Most of the time I'm there, they have live bands..... I've seen people of all ages having a great time here so whether you're a college kid, way beyond a college kid, or just like to cougar hunt, you'll fit in here. It's never disappointed me!
You have to get the seafood dip! That will definitely bring me back. My boyfriend got the pull pork sandwich which he said was one of his favorite meals when we were out in Vegas. I got the turkey burger, one of the best turkey burgers I've had. It had a lot of flavor and it was huge. The manager came out and chatted with us for a little bit which I thought was nice :)
We were there the previous weekend for a 21st Birthday party, drinks & burgers were good. Not a place to celebrate birthdays, Waitress didn't  acknowledge the birthday girl..hum!
 
This time, we thought we would try their  overpriced Fish Tacos, "big disappointment " thick tortillas, tasteless fish. I should have returned the 2 fish dinners we ordered but didn't want to ruin the atmosphere.
Love this place, great service and atmosphere! Nachos feed about 4 people and make a great appetizer. Music is always good and the night life even better. That is if you are looking for a place with a very relaxed dress code.  Great place to just relax, have a drink and enjoy the music.
My husband and I ate here yesterday and we were pleased. We weren't really that hungry, but we felt like eating something small. I ordered the lava shrimp, it was spicy, but really tasty. My husband is a quesadilla lover, so of course, he ordered the quesadilla. He liked his food as well. I ordered a strawberry ice cream to go for while we were walking back to our car, and I think I just found my new favorite ice cream place. it was so good, real strawberries in it made it even better :) 

I was really considering getting one of their frozen drinks, but it was way too hot yesterday to drink, but next time I'm around there, I'll be sure to get a girly drink :) Hopefully it wont be so hot out so I don't get dehydrated quickly ;)
The food was better than I thought it would be.  Our server Vanessa was great.  You have to try the Cheeseburger in Paradise.  Cooked to perfection.  We didn't order the nachos but we saw them coming out of the kitchen.  If you are hungry then order this item.
What a place!  Try the margaritas which are marked only for serious fans.  BOOZY.  Took me two hours to finish in which time my date finished four pints haha!  I went onto the frozen premixed ones after that.  Danielle our server was really cool.  We had a great time!  Not too impressed with the Asian salad we had, but hey you don't come here for the food.
When you need a break from Vegas, try here.

It still has Vegas prices, but you can order intelligently and save a few bucks.  The atmosphere is consistent and well-done, the beer is cold, and the food is okay.  It's not an elite restaurant, but that's kind of the point.
Loud and obnoxious, just like you'd expect it to be.  The girl sliding down the volcano is unnecessary.  

However, the food is surprisingly delicious.  I expected gimmicky garbage food but was pleasantly surprised by the Ahi Tuna Tostada.  It was excellent.  The Cuban sandwich was good.  The Fish Sandwich is good.

In summary, food good atmosphere bad.
The food is below average for the strip. The only reason to goto this place is to drink a cold one and watch all the hot chicks parade up and down the strip. Having said that, I love this place.
Best best coladas
Fantastic margaritas and awesome atmosphere!!

We came here at about noon on a Sunday.  We got seated in about 15 minutes indoors (it was gorgeous outside, so there was a really long wait for a table out there) and we spent the time shopping in the store.

The service was a bit spotty.  It took about 10 minutes for our waiter to notice we were even there, and then another 20 minutes for our drinks to come out.  I had also ordered a salad with my meal, and I had to flag him down about 30 minutes after I ordered it to ask where it was.  I mean, it was lettuce and tomatoes--not that serious.

But all in all, the food was good (super delicious nachos!!) the landshark and my margaritas were amazing, and the atmosphere made you almost not care that it took 30 minutes to throw lettuce on a plate.  Almost...
No need to search for your long lost shaker of salt here...it's right on the table! Well the service here was so-so, but the food was pretty good. I had a blackened tilapia sandwich and it was mmm good! The mashed potatoes were tasty as well. We also had a nice view on the 2nd floor patio. Now, I know it's 5 o'clock somewhere...but if only our waitress didn't take that to heart and take most of the night off, this place would get a higher rating from me. Till the next time I'm wasting away again in margaritaville, take care of yourselves...and each other.
Ok, so I feel I am being a tad bit generous with the 2 stars...anyways here goes...

I feel my review is pretty valuable as I have dined at this restaurant once last year and once this year. 

Was not impressed the first visit in 2010 as I had high hopes. Was really hoping the whole "Cheeseburger in paradise" thing would be something real and not just a mirage. 

The location is great, business is always booming which they owe to the Tourist big time, and Flamingo hotel and casino as well since they have a direct corridor to access the restaurant. I thank you myself Flamingo for parking :)

Heads up...this place is ALWAYS busy from opening til closing so if you are looking for a peaceful sanctuary for a first date or some under the table romance, uh uh ain't happening, simply not an option here!

First visit-
Busy, service was very bad this particular day, the waitress as I call these "types" was a threesome, and not the good kind either. Meaning 3 visits to our table, 1. take order, 2 drop food, 3 drop check. Not the service you expect and deserve when dining out. When you are forced to flag down other waiters and bussers to get a refill, it's just bad.
Food was overpriced and mediocre at best! Burger, dry, flavorless, bun was hard as if had been sitting in the sun for a bit. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich which was dry, overcooked, another bad hard crusty bun. The fries, not impressive, won't even say what they tasted like or had the consistency of. Bad fries, come on, no excuse. 

Second visit-
Margaritas good yes considering that is the name of this establishment. Food again, bad, this time my meal was cold and I am not talking about my tossed salad either. I decided to order the salmon this time, ok did not have a good experience with the burger last time let's try seafood... I left just as hungry as when I had walked in the door also. Ugh, bland food and again bad service another threesome waitress, wtf? Is this policy? I give up, another large bill paid after being bent over and stuffed with a whole giant frozen pickle. 

Never again...I am beyond dissapointed...the feeling of leaving unsatisfied is simply cruel.

The atmosphere and drinks are cool...the food and service...not so much!
Good place but really loud. The food and drinks are good with large portions. If you want it more quiet go to the roof. Its much more quiet with a good view
The sun is hot
And that old clock is moving slow
And so am I
The work day passes like molasses in winter time,
But it's almost July
I'm gettin' paid by the hour, and older by the minute
My boss just pushed me over the limit
I'd like to call her something
I think I'll just call it a day

Pour me something tall and strong
Make it a hurricane
Before I go insane
It's only half past 12
But, I don't care
It's 5 o'clock somewhere!!!


I just wish this was right up the street from where I live!!  This is definitely a favorite spot of mine when I head to Vegas!  The drinks are great--no doubt!!  But, they also have a great selection food as well!!  The Nachos will feed an army of people!!!  So, don't even attempt to eat those things by yourself or you will be lethargic for days!!   We had some peel shrimp that was pretty awesome with some delicious Old Bay Seasoning.  Another one of our favorites is the chicken quesadilla with extra guacamole.  Yum!!  

Of course, the atmosphere is perfect for what it is!!!  There's a vibe of excitement and something different.  The decor is perfect for the setting.  Overall, it's a pretty fun place that offers a unique experience!  I'll definitely back--again and again.  ;0)

It's five o'clock somewhere....  ;0)


Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
Volcano Nachos!!!! The best nachos anywhere hands down. They are HUGE! the chicken tortilla soup is really good as well. Great selection of alcoholic drinks, fun atmosphere, always a good time.
Great place with great food and ultra strong drinks IF you know what to order(perfect margarita).

The food is always excellent and plentiful, the margaritas are strong yet decently priced for the strip, and the entertainment is top notch now that they finally started to change the TVs to the patrons request! 5 stars, no doubt!

Highly recommended:

Appetizers-
Coconut Shrimp APP
Blue crab & Cheese APP(I like to substitute chips)
Volcano Nachos(if you're dining with a crowd)
Entrees-
Mahi Mahi
Jerk Salmon
Burgers
Cuban Sandwich
Jambalaya is pretty good as well
Our last several hours spent in Vegas were dedicated to visiting Margaritaville for both a good meal and drinks. We were also expecting to be able to get our hands on the tall, long margarita cups that we assumed were sold here, but we were disappointed to find out that we were at the wrong place for this. Nonetheless, it did not prevent us from having our final meal in Vegas.

Upon arrival, we noticed a handful of people waiting to be seated and hoped that it wouldn't be a long wait as our flight departed in a couple hours. Luckily, from the time we requested a table to actually being seated, it was no more than 15 minutes. Our server assisted us within 5 minutes of being seated and took our drink orders. There were a variety of drinks to choose from; I ordered the Big Rita on the rocks and also was interested in the Mango Frozen margarita. Both were excellent and brought to us 5 minutes after ordering them. We didn't order appetizers but it was really amazing seeing what the Volcano nachos looked like at the table next to ours. One word describes them: humongous! As for our food, we ordered burgers, quesadillas, and a chicken burger, all of which came with fries. The food was much better than expected and delicious. The burger was full of flavor and went perfectly with my drink. 

The staff was friendly, the portions were generous and the overall quality excellent.  The prices are reasonable with the drinks always being expensive as with the rest of Vegas.
1. nachos were AMAZING!!! and you definitely can share them
2. margaritas were AMAZING!!!! they had my god mama and my mama feeling gooooood
3. they have MIST which definitely helps in 100 degree weather
4. waitress was AMAZING....and cute lol

We go every year EVEN if its not a happy hour or whatever bc the prices arent bad but I DO RECOMMEND RESERVATIONS if possible bc that place is always packed
So my parents were in town last week. When I told them I was going to write these reviews, they asked to not use their names. Guess they've read some of my other writing.

So when I found out The Griswalds (as I lovingly refer to my parents... gold star if you know what series of movies this is from) were coming, I got all these options and places lined up, and when I asked what they were in the mood for, I got... Margaritaville.

"Your dad likes Jimmy Buffet." -- Mrs. Griswald.
"Your mom likes margaritas." -- Mr. Griswald.

Margaritaville is about as touristy as touristy gets. I should know, it's somewhere I went very soon after moving here. It's smack in the middle of the Strip, attached to Flamingo Hotel & Casino, so it's never not busy. It has about three different bars, and a retail store. How much Jimmy Buffet can one person handle? If I believed everything inside Margaritaville, it's five o'clock EVERYWHERE. At all times. Whether you like it or not.

It would all be worth it if the food was amazeballs. But really it was just good. Not wow, not great, not OMG. Just good. I had a BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich and it was okay. I would have expected more barbecue sauce on a "BBQ" sandwich. My folks split a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and they were satisfied with it.

But how were the margaritas? I mean it's called "Margaritaville," they must have bomb diggity fresh margaritas, right? 

They're okay. I've had better. Ricardo's has great margaritas. Hell, even TGI Friday's could compare to Margaritaville.

I can't say it was godawful. It wasn't. But it was nothing special, aside from the facts that the Griswalds like it, and that's a-okay with me. I'm a local, so I probably won't be going back soon. But if you have tourists in town who insist on staying on the Strip, it's not a death sentence.
So disappointing. I love the other Margaritaville I've visited and always had a blast there. 

Maybe, it's Vegas that ruined the Margaritaville experience for me! The wait is bs! We stopped by on Thursday around 2pm and there were open tables but there was an hour wait. Huh? I could clearly see that there were open tables....HMMMM....Maybe this location is trying to hype itself up by making their guests wait and make it appear that they have a wait list. 

We definitely passed and won't ever come back to this location.
The Mr's Uncle comes to town 3-4 times a year and stays next door, every time he comes to town we meet here for dinner to catch up on what's going on.  Mrs gets the cobb salad or the pulled pork sandwich every time, nether will disappoint but the salad always sends us home with left overs.  The Mr enjoys their fish entrees and on occasion the nachos.  HOLY COW the Nacho's are ridiculously massive, there is no way any one person probably not two full grown starving men can finish these in one sitting!
Fun place to eat when your here on vacation or are in tourist mode.
As basic burgers go, this place is the best. I ordered nothing but a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger, and it was the BEST BURGER I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE. The burger is cooked to order and extra juicy. The fries are grilled perfectly, and for a place as poppin' as Margaritaville, service was fast. 

Great location if you started your night out early and need a place to grub and hydrate before taking on the rest of your evening. Don't even get me started on the live band playing classic rock and Jimmy Buffet covers for most of the night. They were a great addition to the island feel.
place is always happening and the food is great.  it can get real crowded and the wait can be long to get a seat. so i f there is room in the bar then go ahead if not. wait. its worth it
This place is A-OK, I sat outside and there is a good view of the strip.  The drinks were strong and staff was friendly.  It was OK
This is a nice place to get away from the typical clubs on the strip. I can only take so much of the club scene before I want to go to a regular bar. I went over the 4th of July weekend and there was no line or cover charge to get in. The house band was playing, mostly hits from the '80s, but it was good.
A great spot for brunch with a hangover. Really dark, soothing music, and decent grub. I tried the "Cheeseburger in Paradise" (not quite paradise, but decent). Amy wen't for the Chicken California sandwich and did much better. I enjoyed a bowl of Corn & Crab Chowder but not the $50 lunch tab. When we were waiting for our food to come out I noticed everyone was ordering massive plates of Nachos, I will do the same if I eat here again.
Loved it! Ordered my virgin daiquiri in a mini-blender (I'm pregnant) and was a happy girl! Bartender was very friendly and made sure that no one took my seat since I was pregnant and couldn't stand long. Will definitley go back!
I hit this restaurant up for lunch one afternoon before heading down to the Flamingo pool.  

They have a series of amazing decks that overlook the Strip.  I thought it would be a great idea to sit out on one of those decks forgetting that Vegas is hot in June.  Don't be tempted by the bright lights of Vegas if you are eating here for lunch.  You might suffer third degree burns.  

On the more positive side, the food was great.  My wife and I were looking for slightly more healthy options after having enjoyed a buffet the night before.  We ordered a chicken sandwich and grilled chicken salad.  Both were great, especially the salad.  We even dipped our sandwich in the salad dressing.  Food prices are average for Vegas (which means higher than the rest of the world).

Our server was fantastic.  Just a genuinely nice guy who spent time chatting with us about our trip.  

I might just become a Parrot Head yet...
A great dining experience all the way around.  Now I did go for lunch on a Saturday vs. try to brave a late-night crowd when there was a performance; all the previous reviews that expressed concerns about food and service were sooo unfounded.  I love the hull-like table I was seated at in the true beach theme...really neat.

Had the beer-steamed shrimp, caesars salad, and cheeseburger in paradise.  All just totally hit the spot (the shrimp because it was unique for Vegas, i.e. not on buffet and steamed with beer and old bay spice...the salad because it was gigantic for a small salad and you tend to forgot the "good" food when in Vegas...and the burger, because well, that "is" Buffett's and it was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time).

Beyond that the vibe was very upbeat, Buffett-like for sure.  My server was repeatedly refilling my soft drink and water, was very cordial (I was dining alone and using a Groupon), and the food came out quite prompt.  In general, the vibe of the other employees was great -- ie when folks are smiling, their non-verbal body language reflects that they're having fun...well that means a very positive dining experience for us customers.
This is a must eat place for us everytime we visit LV just cuz of the drinks.. And it close to our hotel... Get the jambalaya!!!
Pretty expensive for mediocre food and mediocre service.

The decor is amazing though. And a lot of the other customers made our experience fun. (People watching)

We split a burger and a pasta dish. Both were good, but not amazing.

And our margaritas? Not at all what you'd expect from a place whose name suggests they specialize in them. 
They were majorly weak. Not cool.

I don't think I will be coming back.
The service here was the worst I have ever experienced...There were 5 of us and we all had a tremendously poor experience.  One group member needed to refill their drink on their own at the bar (after waiting for the waitress for 10 minutes), when we asked, the waitress wouldn't allow us to order food after an initial 14 minute wait (and then after coming back at a 25 minute wait asked us if we had enough time to choose).  When one member of our group told her that we were on a tight schedule, she instructed us to not order anything complicated or well-done.  We will not be back.

Oh yeah, and the restaurant was 1/2 empty.
(Disclaimer: I was dragged here by a friend and I think Jimmy Buffet SUCKS.)

The atmosphere was decent. The server was a pretty cool guy -- talkative and fun. The food was a bit mediocre -- the volcano nachos really hit the spot with that huge margarita tower thing they got, but afterward I felt pretty bad, like I was gonna hurl, though I managed to recover. Unfortunately one of my friends had to go back to her hotel right afterward and go on a date with bathroom =\

We had a booth with some lame TV playing some sort of lame stuff. I would've liked it better without the TV.

For what we got (nachos and a tower of margarita), it was kind of expensive.
After getting married at The Flamingo my wife and I had our reception dinner here and that is what this review is going to focus on. Our experience here was great and we couldn't have been happier. I thought it might be difficult setting up a dinner party from across the country but it was simple.

We had set up our reception months in advance and had about two dozen guests. We were given a special menu with 5 choices including cheeseburgers, chicken, and shrimp. A small professional wedding cake for dessert was also provided. We also were given one type of appetizers for everyone and two hours of Margaritas and Beer. So that was our menu. On to the review.

When we first arrived we were taken to our tables that were reading and waiting for us. They had made up some personalized menus and set them at each place setting which was a cool little touch. Within seconds a tray of Margaritas and a bucket of Landshark beer arrived at each table. I wasn't sure what to expect when it came to the margaritas before hand. I kinda thought they would be small and weak since we were on a drink plan but they were neither of those things. In fact they were pretty awesome. I don't usually drink margaritas but I drank plenty of those and I have photographic evidence that they were quite strong!

The appetizers we had was Lava Lava Shrimp and oh man were they good. Everyone, even a couple people who usually don't eat shrimp, loved them. I still bring them up to my wife as a reason to go back to Vegas!

The entrees were very good too and we were given enough options that everyone found something they wanted. I heard no complaints from anyone and It was definitely better than an average buffet wedding or the simple choice of chicken or fish.

They provide a simple cake with the package but also offer several options as upgrades that you can choose get. Not really caring about fancy looking cakes we went with the basic option and it was quite good and looked very nice as well. I know some people are really into wedding cakes so it was nice to have options in that regard.

The service was better than good. Nobody ever was without a drink. In fact they brought them too fast if that's even possible! My next drink was always in front of me before being finished with my current one.  At the end they were still bring them out as fast as ever and since of course its Vegas, people were taking bottles of Landshark out to the street when they were leaving.

The price was less than several other options we had looked at in Vegas and the setting was very fun and party-like which was why we chose it. Everyone had a great time. If you are looking for a place to hold a reception or some kind of group party I would recommend this place to anyone. Its such a fun place.
It pains me to write this review as I really wanted to like this place. I'm a Jimmy Buffett fan from when I was in college. I had to stop in here to check it out. So when we were hungry one night, we went in here. I now wish we hadn't. 

We were seated at a table, it was kind of dark, but that's okay. There was a band playing... loudly and it wasn't the type of music I figured would be in Margaritaville. I came here hoping for something Jimmy. I understand that they can't play all Jimmy all the time, but I was hoping as it was a weeknight to hear some, even if it was a cover band. 

Of course being the fan boy that I am, I had to get the Cheeseburger in Paradise. My wife got the filet. (I love a woman that eats steak!). Neither one of us was impressed with our meal. I thought the burger was kind of plain, even with the Heinz 57 on it (I admitted I was a fan boy!).  The burger was kind of dry and not very appetizing. It could have used... something.  My wife said her filet was the same, just kind of eh, okay. Definitely not worth the price we paid for it. 

The part that really killed this place for me was the service. We had the worst server of our vacation here. He was slow, didn't check up on us. Our drinks would go empty and we couldn't get refills. Even when we were finished we had to flag him down to come over to get a check, and then we had to wait to get that even longer. 

Jimmy, I'm still a fan... but I'm not going back to this Margaritaville again.
great nachos!  went well with our pitcher of margarita.  loved the 80s cover band performance.  we were entertained =)
Ohhhh Margaritaville, how I adore your carefree camaraderie. If only life were as simple as it is on one of your barstools! This has always been one of my favorite places to wile away an afternoon in Vegas, sipping on Bama Breezes and chatting with fellow imbibers.

Given my lifelong obsession with Jimmy Buffet, Margaritaville is my home away from home. The drinks are DELICIOUS (although I wish they had larger sizes for some of the yummy specialty frozen drinks -- and a little more liquor in them), and the food is good (not fabulous, but good).
 
I made several stops here on this particular trip - for drinkies and food, and it didn't disappointed. You also get little shows here, so there's a lot of entertainment value.

I love you Margaritaville - lord knows I'm helping to line Mr. Buffett's pockets with my frequent patronage. :)
Had this review saved up for awhile...lol

The first restaurant I ate at for my first time at Vegas (woo EDC! EDC!)

It was SUPER busy, but no one wanted to sit outside because it was hella hot and we said we didn't mind so we got sat right away. The food was pretty decent and for as busy as it was, it came out in a decent amount of time. I forgot I we drank but it was frozen. And on a hot day, nothing beats frozen drinks and booze.
I think this is one of those tourist places to see while in Vegas center-strip.  Live music in the back, a small patio out front where people stand and watch the crowds go-by.  This place is probably enjoyed better in groups (at least I had a better time because there were 4 of us).  If you have a group of at least 4 (or 2 and you want to get buzzed quickly) then you can opt for the famous giant yard glass bong-style Margarita to be shared.  It is $50 and serves ~8 glasses of margaritas.  The margarita was good - not bad not great.  We also ordered the nachos with half chicken/half beef.  I think it was ~$16.  It is huge.  If I had to do it over again I would not order them again.  I just wasn't wowed by them.
My friends and I stopped in here at about 11 pm/12 am after our drive in from so cal. We wanted some drinks, but we were too tried to go dancing. We were staying at the Flamingo, so Margaritaville sounded like the best plan. Turns out we picked right! Well, minus the loud and not very good cover band - equipped with people dancing awkwardly. Because we came in so late, we didn't have the experience of the long lines and just sat ourselves down immediately. 

Our server ran over and explained the kitchen was closing soon and let us throw in an order of volcano nachos quickly. The two lightweights of the group opted for frozen margaritas, the other two of us who can handle our liquor went for margaritas on the rocks. They were a little pricey at $8, but nothing outrageous (especially for a big-time tourist spot like this place). The volcano nachos are enormous and delicious. Good place to knock back a drink and eating some seriously huge and greasy bar food. I like this place and would go back next time I'm in Sin City.
Margarita was not weak!  Hey you are at Margaritaville!!!  Yay me!

My husband & I started by sharing the crab & mushroom dip with bread.  It was cheesy & good on the bread!  Yum!

Then we decided to share the Volcano nachos!  We are both eaters but could not finish it!  Glad we shared!

Is it 5 star food?  No but it was enjoyable, filling and in a lively environment!  We were on vacation!!!

Entertainment was guys (ship captain, pirate) on stilts and a girl in the lime green tank.
If you are looking to get really drunk then this is a good place. Their drinks are so strong they can hit you like a ton of bricks if you are not careful.

They can make you a margarita however you like, but if you want the good stuff i would recommend the Perfect Margarita. It is as strong as strong can be! Want kick it down a notch? Try the Pink Cadillac. That is a little tastier. If you are not a margarita person they got a good Bahama Mama and Tropical Hurricane. Those are my personal favorites everywhere I go. Prices here are a little high but alcohol content makes up for it.

Food here isn't all that great. I would only suggest getting the nachos. You get a mountain of food that can feed up to 4 people. Add that with your drinks and you are done for the day stomach wise and wallet wise.
Come for the drinks but don't stay for the food. Overpriced and just okay. But the drinks are delicious and makes this place my first stop in Vegas every time.
We always stop here when in Vegas and this time we just grabbed some seats at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  Our bartender was super friendly and basically made me double rum drinks when I asked him to for the regular price.  Always fun to hang with other Parrotheads at Margaritaville!
The nachos were delish!  The prices were CRAZY!  A couple of appetizers and an entre plus three drinks split between 4 people = over $100.  I just can't used to Vegas prices.  :( Loud party atmosphere though.
best fish tacos ever
First time ever going to Vegas, my friends decided to drag me around on the first night where we to places where we could get into easily as it was already 1am. One of guys suggested margaritaville. I mean part of the reason why we went was because one of the guys in our group loves to dance with cougars to make them feel better about themselves. Personally i didn't think that there were that many there, but the margaritas were both good and strong. Not only that i got a guy to buy me a drink.  Go me!

Then again if the place is called Margaritaville, i do expect good margaritas. 

Weird music, not really danceable but we had a good time regardless.
If your looking for a cool ambiance, a break from the tables/machines, don't have much patience for long lines at clubs/bars, just want to grab a bite and a drink, listen to live music or maybe even bust some moves on the dance floor.. then you may want to keep this place in mind. This place lies in the middle of the mega hotel/casinos on Las Vegas Blvd, its multi-leveled, upper floor open dining area (great view of the casinos, people and action along the strip), features live bands, alcohol and decent food! 

Volcano Nachos: includes chili cheese, guac, sour cream, ooey gooey cheeses, jalapenos, tomatoes and scallions.. Optional grilled chicken and fajita steak. opt for the griled chicken and fajita steak (we half chicken and steak). Its a massive amount of one of the ultimate starter nachos I've had! Great to munch on while sippin' on a drink and it should satisfy at least 4 people!

Jimmy's Jammin' Jamabalaya: Cajun rice, shrimp, chicken, and andouille sausage "simmered in a spicy broth".. Does that sound good or what! I've only had a few versions of Jambalaya and never been disappointed. Their version more than satisfied! The rice absorbed the broth and married its flavors into all the meats making every bite, flavored packed! Not only super tasty, portion could be split with another person. 

Servers/Bartenders were always giddy and helpful. Value of dining was good and most of all the location is hard to top!
Being a local, We do not venture to the strip much.  Yesterday We were in the area and stopped by Margaritaville.  I am very happy I did.  First off it is a cool place that is dressed up like a beachy ocean dock area, with Jimmy Buttett music playing. Better than the atmosphere was our waitress, Randie, I have not had service this good in quite a while.  Since this was my first visit I asked for a few hints on what was good.  She started us with nachos, really good nachos, I mean really good. After this I was pretty much full.  However, she said I needed the Hamburger in paradies.  She was right.  My friend got wings and we spilt.  Wings were cooked perfect nice and crispy. And by the way my iced tea never was empty, that means a lot.  So in the end Margaritaville was really good and service was awsome. Thanks Randie and Margaritaville for a good lunch. 4 stars for food 5 stars for service.
So I've been living in Vegas for 8 months now and hadn't checked this place out so I figured it was a must. I dropped in on a Wednesday night.. Margaritas were good.. not too crazy expensive.. I was expecting more. We got the volcano nachos.. they were def good buuut way too much for two people. There wasn't really much going on inside. We had to wait like 20 minutes. There was a band that looked like they were getting ready but we left before they started. Overall, ok experience but won't be going again.
Food was good and the service was friendly. I would visit again!
Favorite place to eat on the strip. Its exiting and fun with free entertainment. There are videos on a huge screen of Jimmy Buffet concerts , balloon animal makers on stilts, the margarittaville girl sliding down and dancing around when they play Volcano, and the crowd getting into the act when they play Margaritaville. Despite this place being at the Flamingo - I give it 5 stars. I can't understand people giving this place a poor rating because of the food. If you want fancy grub, fine go somewhere else. Hello, its called Margarittaville, what did you think? Vegas has a ton of places for you to be bored at, so go pretend you're on a food show somewhere else. With that said, I think the food here is  good & def good enuf for me and have always had good to great service  Of course ill be back, in fact im probably at the table next to you with a giant balloon contraption on my head.
Average food, BUT enormous, seemingly unending margarita towers and the prices are low. Come drunk, leave drunker, stuff your face, and party.
A very interesting place on the strip, located next to Flamingo and right across the street from O'sheas. You can either go to the bar, which overlooks Caesar's Palace or the restaurants which is uniquely decorated. Very colorful and scenic surrounding. Kind of a tight squeeze to get around, but its manageable. 

The wife and I came here for dinner, after watching a show at O'sheas. Of course the usual wait for dinner, since it was a bit crowded at the time. But it seems to be reasonable time to wait. It is on the crowded part of the strip, so you got people coming and going. But impressed on how things are handled. 

The wife and I, mainly had one thing in mind. Is to attempt the Volcano Nachos that was a well known dish for Margaritaville. We wanted to see for ourselves on how massive these nachos are. From the looks of it, we should of invited 3-4 more people to help us finish the nachos. In my opinion, it was really good. Wish I could of finished it, I hate wasting food. The nachos over exceeded our expectations, so I have to give credit where credit is due. Even though the Volcano Nachos was a lot of food, we needed more flavor and we just ordered more. I ordered the shrimp, which was good and had that coconut twist, which made it delicious. I was able to eat all of it, and was able to swipe at the nachos still. But there comes a time where I had to throw in the towel and admit I was full. 

Overall, I like the place cause it was fulfilling. I did enjoy the kindness of the staff. Depend on when you go, depends on the wait. Since we did go during dinner time, I usually give the waiters 10 minutes to come around and it seems like they been on top of things that night. The Nachos were good, but I would suggest to order it, if you have a group of people, other than you and one other person.
I'm a big Jimmy Buffett fan so I was so excited to go to Margaritaville none where I live....It was awesome omg had such a great time loved the decor of course the Jimmy Buffett music..my food was soooo good got the coconut shrimp and mashed potatoes the had bacon i them soooo good and Margaritas were very good. Hubby also enjoyed the decor and music and the little show they put on good service but disliked his food he ordered jerk chicken and the string beans were cold. 

Had a coupon to get to the front of the line so not wait :: and a coupon for a free souvenir in gift shop. Bought lots of stuff in store :0
Best steak, shrimp, and mash
Potatoes. They also have a little performance.
If you are looking to pay no cover, dress casual, and get really drunk on The Strip, then this is the place for you.

On our first night in Vegas we didn't have big plans, especially since some of our group was coming from work, so we decided to have a chill, yet drunken, night out. Margaritaville was the perfect spot for this and catered to everyone in our group. 

Margaritaville is a huge, spacious, restaurant and bar. There is a huge dance floor and a stage for the band - who were playing some typical bar music - lots of Journey and 80's music. We found a table and ordered a round of kamikazi's and a couple daquiris, which altogether cost about $80 - still pretty expensive even though it's a casual bar, but hey it's Vegas. 

This is a fun place to start the night out but by no means is it the destination. I love bars just as much as the next person, but there wasn't anything about this place that wow'd me enough to come back. Did the job, though!
Good Jamaican Jerk wings, big onion rings, and Cuban Sandwich was pretty good. Price wasn't too bad, our server Stacy was nice. Went on a Saturday afternoon so it was busy, waited 30 mins for a table, but we sat upstairs facing the strip view so that was cool.
We had lunch here one day and drinks here two nights (because we stayed at the Flamingo and wanted someplace easy to stumble home from).

The frozen drinks are out of this world. I venture to guess I gained about 5 pounds alone just drinking the Wildberry Coladas. They were perfect. Decent selection of beer and they also serve 48oz Margaritas in a cup that looks like a blender. I hear they're $40, so I passed. 

They have a nice little area to stand just outside of the bar and watch people pass by on the Strip below. I enjoyed doing that with a Wildberry Colada or two. Or three. I can't remember.

The food is good bar food. It didn't knock my socks off, but it was good. I had the fish tacos which come served with rice pilaf, cheese, guacamole, salsa and shredded lettuce. I think they fit well with the theme of the place. My husband had a chicken sandwich which he had with onion rings which were the size of frisbees. Almost. 

We'll definitely go back for the drinks. With so many amazing choices of food on the Strip, we may not go back for a meal, but we'll definitely go back for some booze in the blender.
Have eaten there twice now. Lunch took over an hour to be served food. Breakfast this weekend was fast, but the omelets were dry, as if they were precooked, microwaved or reheated. Clean patio upstairs, just poor food.
When I turned 21, my friends sadly left LA very late and didn't make it out to vgeas by midnight. Fortunately (or not, depends how you look at it) I had been in town for a few days prior with my family. They thought it would be a good idea to take me here at midnight to check it out. An hour later, both my parents had passed out and my brother and I were chatting over a bucket of beers. Older crowd, but decent drinks
Good Food. Ok service.  First let me say we sat in the bar, because of my sister.  Not what I would have done.  Since i don't drink.  So since its a bar its very loud...  full of people drinking and running around..  Ok I know it supposed to be that way.  Las Vegas is for party people and drunks so if your in that group go now...  Otherwise go some where in Boulder City or not Vegas.
OK so it has been a while since I have been in a bar but the two I visited on my trip were terrible.  This was bad service coupled with astronomically high prices.  I waited forever for service and ordered a margarita. Its an ICEE with booze in it and for that I was charged $35.  Oh sure I got to keep the plastic blender like keepsake but really $35.00!

I was here a couple years ago and remember a whole different experience with the food beverage and service.  This was extremely disappointing and way over priced even for a parrot head.
Love this place! I used to go so many times! The food and service here is very good! Their drinks are good too, obviously. When I went there, I had a very tasty salad. The dressing was made by the head chef. Some oil from the salad stained my blouse, but I didn't care. The nachos were piled high and couldn't taste any better. I love picking from the middle where the chis a re somewhat soggy from the cheese. There were many people in my group, and we didn't finish the nachos! I've also had the tortilla soup which tasted good too.

After some good eats, my friends and I hit the dance floor. There is a live band that plays, then after a certain time they play music ranging from oldies to whatever is current. Our waitress had everything in order and we were seated and served very fast. If you're visiting Las Vegas, this is a nice place to visit. It's in a nice location on the strip, so there is no traveling out of the way.
Loud, fun place.  The food is good, especially the catch of the day fish sandwich. Speciality drinks are expensive, but good and cold.  Fun to sit at the bar and listen to the music.  if you are lucky to be seated upstairs, you will have great views of the strip.  Recommend for a quick drink and lunch.
The food is bad!!!! Drinks were good, so was the service, but I have never had a worse mushroom cheeseburger in my life. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwhich and couldn't finish it. How do u mess up basics like that?? Gross :(
Margaritas, music, average food, fun times, the Flamingo Hotel, I must be on vacation. This is my favorite tourist trap to eat at when we are in Vegas. I love to have Margaritas before noon, truly the breakfast of champions. 

I have to start with staff and the great service they provide, keep up the great job crew. They seem to be happy working here and it shows. My kids love the people on stilts making balloons for everyone young and old. Funny hats, animals, swords, and "special" balloons for bachelorette parties. Cover the kids eyes.

My wife and I think the food is okay. We usually order some cheese burgers or chicken fingers for the kids, my wife likes the coconut shrimp, and I will try some fish tacos. What we really enjoy are the nachos, they are the bomb!  Be warned, the nachos are a meal of their own. 

What gives this joint the 4 stars is the vacation atmosphere and the Margaritas. Must tries are the Perfect Margarita, the Pink Cadillac, the Pomegranate, and the Who's to Blame Margarita. I guarantee, after you try all of them you will be in paradise.
No conch fritters - no crab sandwich (they took them off the menu) and no Buffet music - Jimmy what the hell? Extremely disappointed on this trip, sure we'll be back, but come on Jimmy!
I had dinner here when I was staying at the Flamingo... they're conveniently attached to each other. 

It's a chain, in Vegas, attached to a hotel/casino so you can expect the prices to be slightly higher.  But it wasn't too too bad.

The nacho grande platter was great! We got 2 for the table and they were definitely the highlight of the food for us.  I got a burger that was good, not thrilling, but good.  The fries had nice seasoning.  And the bartender definitely knew how to pour a good, strong drink.  

The atmosphere is very cool.  They had a few big screens playing random Buffett concerts and one of them was over a stage, so I assume on some nights they do some sort of live show.

Overall I had a very decent experience.  Nothing spectacular, but there were no glaring negatives either.
There are some restaurants in Vegas that flash tourist trap, tourist trap, and yes we fell into this one.  WIth a coupon for $5 off from our hotel, we had our first meal in Vegas at the famous Margarittaville.  It's not the same as going to the one in Jamaica where you are in a hot locale and it seems like the right place to hear Margarittaville but the menu seemed the same. You walk in and you are likely to see large screens with either music videos, or recordings of Jimmy singing in different venues.  It's a bit loud but that is to be expected.  You'll probably see one of 3 people on stilts walking around.  I'm not really sure their purpose besides being available for picture taking and the occasional dance to a song.

I decided on the fish tacos; two tacos with lettuce, grilled fish, and sour cream, served with chips and salsa for $15.99.  The fish could have used a little more flavour but overall they were pretty tasty.  My husband ordered steak and I asked him to add the coconut shrimp for an extra $6 so I can try it.  Three shrimp with a tangy sauce accompanied his meal and they were good but I was glad it wasn't my meal as it would have been too much shrimp and sauce.

I don't think this place needs to be visited more than once during a stay in Vegas and once every few years is probably enough considering all the great places to eat.  But this time, I wasn't disappointed and our server was friendly and provided great service.
stopped in here late night to get a drink with a friend while our friends were gambling in the flamingo.  the bartender was really nice and answered our questions about their drinks really well.  I would say stay away from their 60 ounce margarita as it is like $60 or something crazy like that.  we just got regular size ones, but the bartender made like 2/3 of the cup tequila which was awesome, and that drink did the job for getting us really hammered ontop of everything else we had to drink before that
This place is a bit of freak show. Picture your neighbours down the street - the ones who park their car on their lawn next to the old bathtub and parade around in black socks and sandals with Hawaiian shirts open to the bellybutton. Now imagine what kind of restaurant they would probably own... whatever you imagined is probably something like Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville Caf.

The place is loud, music videos always playing on the big screen, most of which are live performances by Jimmy Buffett in his Bermuda shorts and flip-flops, and it can be difficult to have a conversation. We had to holler our order at the server. At one point in the evening, we were all interrupted to watch a blonde chick in a pink bikini ride down a water slide into a giant cocktail glass which was followed by a short dance routine by people in costumes on stilts telling us to put our hands in the air. Seriously. When I'm at a restaurant, I don't want to put my hands in the air, I want to eat and be left alone.

Which reminds me, they serve food too. I had the sirloin steak which was disappointing. It was really thin and kind of tasteless. It was about as thick as a slice of toast. Not worth the $22. It was like something that would come in a TV dinner. I'm probably spoiled living in western Canada with all of our great Alberta beef. Yum. Shortly after the meal, my stomach felt upset. Could be a coincidence.

We just wanted to get out of there after our meal. I felt like we were intruding on some secret society or cult and I just wanted to give them back their privacy. I'm giving Margaritaville two stars for the food and four stars for the decor. They really are unique, I'll give them that. Not my kind of place.
Some friends invited me and the hubs to Margaritaville on our first night on his most recent trip to Vegas. I'd never been, so I thought we would check it out since it is a Vegas institution.

What a rip off! We ordered one of those really huge margarita pitchers for everyone in our group to drink. I had about 4 or 5 glasses from it and instead of being drunk or even just BUZZED, all I had was a sore throat from the sweet and sour mix. 

I will say the volcano nachos were good, I shared with a friend of mine. My husband ordered the Buffalo wings but wasn't impressed. I was pretty disappointed that a place known for their margaritas served such bad ones, however. My husband and I  headed straight to Fat Tuesday to rectify the drink situation and were pretty happy after that.

Probably won't be back if I can help it!
Let's just get this out of the way right now, the nachos rock & that's pretty much the main reason I continue to go back. I like to get an order of them once per Vegas trip.

I came here with a group of almost 15 people. I CALLED the day before to see if I could make some kind of reservation & was told that I needed to talk to group sales, but they weren't going to be back until the next day, so I could leave a message. I left my message basically just saying we were expecting a group of 15-25 people at 6pm the next night, could we reserve a table, or if there wasn't  a table large enough, at least a section of tables near eachother? I got a call back the next day (day that we were planning on GOING) at about 10AM saying, "No, you can reserve anything, just walk in whenever you get here" Okay, but I can't even hold a section of tables for such a large group? Apparently not.

We get there before 6 and explain the situation. They tell me the best they can do is a table for 10 in 30 mins, or some tables of 5 that aren't near each other. Neither worked. We decided to try the back bar which was totally EMPTY and had about 20 stools, so we took it over. 

We started ordering the giant margaritas with the spouts, volcano nachos, etc. People started showing up late and ordering various other things. A couple hours later the main guy that had been supplying us told me that he was getting off, so could we cash out now...even though we weren't done. I told him I guessed we could, but was rather irritated at this. They also added on gratutity, which was weird since he wa just a bartender, but whatever, it's fine. He didn't bother to ever ask or bring up the bill situation. It was clear there were a ton of people, but he just kept adding things onto MY bill, so at the end I had a $400 bill to try and break up between 20 different people. Great. I guess we must have eventually figured it out because they didn't chase us down the strip screaming STEALERS!!

End points: not great customer service for large groups, the huge margaritas were really bad this time....not enough tequila and the mix was SO strong it burned my throat, nachos are delicious (and always will be), I still will always go here b/c it's such a fun/cool place and the nachos are amazing, but would not attempt to gather a large group here again.
The end.
Ok, this place totally hit the spot. My friend had seen someone carrying around one of their blender cups and decided that she would just die if she did not leave Vegas with one of her own. So we stopped in around 1:30-2ish for lunch and drinks. We sat at the bar, waited slightly longer than desired for food, but it wasn't too bad. When it came out, it was everything we could have asked for and more. Maybe too much more? My friend soon realized the issues that may come with dragging around a drink. Oh well, it was fun and yummy just the same.
I have been here a couple of times. I will say off the bat. The margaritas are really Good. Lots of different flavors to choose from. And all at a decent price. Food is pretty good. And the location can't be missed. Right on the strip.

Their nachos are super huge. And can probably feed a group of three or four. On weekends they usually have live bands playing. Which is cool if your into the type of music their playing. It's best to go early. The wait for a table can be pretty long. All in all not bad. And worth a visit. It can get expensive so pay attention to what you order.
Seating at late evening was poorly done as no hastiest was there to seat you.  We were told sit where you want;  after 10 min, the waiter for that area said he was getting off and we needed to move.  Pricy for what you get, will look elsewhere next time I'm in town.
Very fun when there is a live band and dancing. Must try the cheeseburger in paradise!
So first off I was the only person under 30 that wasn't there with my parents. It's an older crowd. I had a bacon cheese burger fries and a big ass margarita. Saw that you can get them in a blender cup amd asked since it's not on the regular menu. The waitress was super nice and brought me the blender cup menu. She even suggested I get it on the rocks b/c it would be stronger. The frozen drinks come pre-made. She was rt, I got fucked up! I suggest the big chill which is blue. Everything was awesome and I highly suggest this place.
We came here as my birthday lunch while we were in Vegas celebrating my birthday, our drink was pretty watered down but that may have been because we let it sit. The food seemed to take a long while to get to us, but it was delicious. Our server was friendly, but again our service was very slow.

I'd eat here again though, maybe it was just a busy busy time. Plus its a pretty popular location in Vegas. Maybe service is always slow. Who know, but the food was good.
This place rocks. It's a tons better than the Margaritavilles in Chicago and Nashville, It is comparable to the one I've been to at Niagara Falls in Canada though. 

This place is huge, it has a Casino [of course] and a cute little bar off to the side on the sidewalks side for the passerby's on the strip to stop in and have a drink. They offer these amazing blends called "Booze in a Blender" all of them are sooooo good AND they get the job done without you even knowing! :] 

The food is the same as all the others so I deducted a star for the lack of  a "WoW" moment but otherwise the staff is really friendly and courteous. The atmosphere is great as well, and although Vegas is surrounded by a dessert the shipwrecked theme somehow fits a lot better in here. 

What you should definitely try to do though is go upstairs! You see a big chunk of the strip as you sip on your beverage of choice, so beautiful!!
I stayed at the Flamingo, and figured that coming here would be a awesome place to get some grub. It may be a little touristy, but who cares.. you aren't from there! I got to Tropical Margarita GUAVA flavor and it was really good. Just a good balance of alcohol, tequila, and guava ! Blended of course! I was feeling a little ill so I ordered the tortilla soup which was pretty okay. My friends ordered the seafood mac and cheese and it had "perfectly melted cheese both white and yellow cheese with the crisp" It was so good they talked about it all weekend. 
It was also fun to see someone come out of a volcano and slide into a giant pitcher! 
Since it was touristy, prices were not cheap. $10 margaritas, and 20+ for mac and cheese! go figure :)
THE BEST PINA COLADA I'VE EVER HAD.


I had two. Oh man. And they were doubles. So friggin tastey!!! 

The entertainment is really odd here (balloon animals and stilt walkers and random girls sliding down a volcano into water? ) but none of that matters because they mastered the pina colada.

The texture was so perfect... almost tasted grainy as if it was made with that naked protein mango juice! Loved it!!
Our waiter was great giving us suggestions on the best things to order- which were the burgers and the house margarita.  My husband tried the burger and it was very good.  The Margaritas were also very good.  I ordered the taco salad and it was OK but nothing special. Next time I will have a burger.
.
Everyone knows the name and this place is kind of cool with an hourly slide down the mountain into a margarita pitcher. The food comes in huge portions so don;t order too much or you will be taking some home. The drinks are very good but a little overpriced. The strip now has all kinds of places offering yards of mixed drinks at a good price, why pay the same price for only a cup here. It is worth the novelty once but I would look elsewhere.
If you are age 35+ and older, enjoy rock music, or enjoy mediocre margaritas, this place is for you! 

The blended frozen Pina Colada Margarita that comes in a collectible blender was really good. The food was boring. I prefer Fat Tuesday's for dranks!
Great place to grab a drink on the strip.  We went there on Friday night and it was Packed.  The crowd is 30+ and older.  The bartender was very friendly and the drinks are great.
Yeah, I'm a Buffett fan. Of course I had the cheeseburger in paradise. "I like mine with lettuce and tomato, Heinz 57 and french fried potatoes, big kosher pickle and a cold draft beer!!!".  
Yeah it's generally an over 30 crowd, but that didn't stop the 20 something's from bellowing out Changes in Latitudes through the restaurant, bar and on into the Flamingo. 
The service was good, she got a little annoyed with my wife because she was having trouble deciding what to get. 
The place was clean, dining area and bathroom. 
The atmosphere was awesome. I was ready to quit my job and move to a tropical island as any Jimmy experience should make you feel. 
Live life like a song!!!
I cannot give it any better.  This place is not worth your time.  Food is nothing special, I can make a better Italian dish.  The server screwed up on my order.  No really great beers either.
They had entertainment there, with dudes walking around on stilts and a damsel in distress that does gymnastics on this scenic volcano.  It was entertaining, but this is Vegas.  
I order one Pomegranate margarita and it was terrible.  Way too sweet, I could taste the syrup and not the alcohol.  It wasn't strong at all.  Trust me, I would know.
The pasta dish I order with chicken and they brought it out with shrimp.  I like shrimp too, so I just decided to eat it anyway, since the server was lame and non-attentive.  I can make a better pasta dish myself, so Margaritaville YOU FAIL.
This is always a fun place to come when your in Vegas.   We enjoyed the service, the show,   the music, the margaritas.   Some of the performance staff stopped by and talked with us and our server was a lot of fun.   Food is not bad.
Great view of the strip from the rooftop bar and dining.  MUST GET the nachos!!!
Great atmosphere and service, however, the food left a ton to be desired. Please do not serve fish tacos with previously frozen tilapia...you may claim it is fresh, but farm raised fish seldom comes fresh and the texture showed it! Most people in Vegas are typically from somewhere in California and know what a true fish taco should be. For $16, you really ought to to put something better on the menu. If I need a spot to get a drink, this is it. If I need a spot for dinner, I am definitely going somewhere else...UPDATE - I am actually going to amend my review to a higher star due to the fact that the owner reached out to me as a result of my review and displayed a true concern over the experience. I will definitely try them again. The biggest reason? They clearly care about the level of their food and quality of the experience.
Enjoyed some massive $55 margaritas with a tap on the bottom.  It took 6 of us about 30 minutes to drink the damn thing!  I guess we were at the restaurant bar, not to be confused with the 5O'clock Somewhere Bar about 25 yards south on the strip and closer to the actual casino.  Nice balcony overlooking the strip.  Try the Bahama Mama and you'll find yourself wondering why you can't see straight after about two.
Had the fish tacos. They were good but you only get two and a plate full of chips.
I came here twice while I was in Vegas for an event.  Since it was right across the street from the hotel I was staying at, it was convenient.  Drinks were good, but could have been stronger.  I love fruity drinks but I didn't even leave with a buzz and usually I do after one drink.  The food took forever.  I mean like 40 minutes.  Some people from our table went to another bar to drink and when they came back, our food was still not there yet.  Our waiter never came back to check on us after he took our order.  We couldn't even get his attention.  He forgot a couple drink orders completely and messed up on one of our food orders.  It took an additional 10 more minutes to get that fixed.  

After our meal we had to wait awhile to find our waiter so we could pay.  When we finally did, he never came back to get the money.  Another 10 minutes go by and we had to stop him to come to our table.  Just glad gratuity wasn't already added since we had a group of 6.  

Horrible service and watered down drinks.
Since we stayed at the Flamingo, this was an easy choice to dine at. If you love Jimmy Buffet (which we do not), this place is definitely for you. Otherwise, it is just okay. Their drinks were nice and stiff. The bartenders were especially cool and a lot of fun. They did not offer many things in the gluten free area, so this limited my dining options. I did eat breakfast there several times. The corned beef hash and bacon were good. The boatmeal was good and came with a huge bowl of berries. My favorite was the nachos. The nacos were overloaded and would easily serve four people. I highly recommend stopping in just to check it out. Their casino was fun. They steer you through their retial shop and casino to exit. Also, be sure to get a seat on their massive patio. Awesome weather and people watching!
LOVE Margaritaville.  Yes, I go to Jimmy Buffet's Concert every year but I alos love the food here and atmosphere. The tropical drinks went a little down hill since the last time but the food got better. 
We ordered the 100 ounce margarita and it was sooo yummy! For 12 of us we each had about 2 glasses and it costs $65 which is cheaper than ordering individual margaritas. 
Definitely get the NACHOS, those are to die for and are huge so if you're in a large group then order them. 
I ordered the jerk chicken with veggies and wild rice, I finished my entire plate and I never do! 
We were so full the rest of the day and everyone loved their food and the waiters are always awesome. We also didn't have to wait that long on a Saturday.
Whyyy don't we get drunk and screwwww
great margaritas.
Nachos meet hangover. Hangover meet  nachos. The nachos were good and a massive portion as advertised. Served four of us and bom diggity were they! It's pretty busy in here, but so is the whole strip. I've had a couple of the drinks and they were all tasty. 

I picked one of the drinks and the waiter advised I get anything else haha. Good lookin bro, I guess? Anyways all in all a good experience.
Blurg. 

First of all, after a hard afternoon of walking up and down the strip, we decide we want a snack and a margarita. It's Vegas, so who can blame us? 

But oh no. You want an appetizer and drinks only? You have to argue to get a seat. 

This, of course, annoyed the waiter in whose section we were seated. Question: "Can we get the guacamole without cilantro (I hate cilantro!)?" He stares at us for a couple of seconds for effect, and says, flatly, "no." No "oh, sorry, no," or "no, it's made in big batches," but "no (subscript: why the hell are you asking?)" Regardless, the waiter made it really clear that an estimated $33 tab wasn't worth his trouble. 

Anyway, we got the queso and two margaritas. The margaritas were honestly pretty good. But we ate a cup of queso and a basket of tortilla chips, and both the BF and I felt pretty darned sick for awhile after. I'm not sure why. Maybe it was the flight to Vegas? But doubtful. Neither of us are strangers to the occasional (OK, more than occasional) indulgence in fried food. 

The bad service continued, with the waiter alternating between inattention and b*tchiness. But the margaritas were good, so I'll give it two stars. Just come, order your margaritas to go, and save yourself the hassle.
This is ALWAYS on our list of Must Dos in Vegas, unfortunately we didn't go this past weekend :(  The friends we were traveling with had heard the majority of the restaurant had been turned into a casino and they wouldn't go with us so we could see for ourselves.  No dancing girl coming out of a volcano, swinging from an anchor and spinning in a margarita glass?  Please tell me this isn't so Courtney G.

I was so sad we missed Margaritaville this trip :(  We normally have the Jamaican me crazy wings, and or nachos, any one of their Cheeseburgers, they ALL make me feel like I'm in paradise and one of those super fun tall Margarita dispensers.  I love it when we go and there aren't any out yet, and then after we order ours they start popping up all over the place.  It's like a cocktail that YOU can make go viral!  

Some more fun things that I love about Margaritavile besides the above mentioned is the ever fun "get the ring on the hook" game.  We really enjoying sitting in the awesome big chairs to finish up what ever boat drinks didn't go down with our meal and people watching.  I must like making people want what I have, because if we are lucky enough to get in a said chair, we get lots of jealous looks, and they are always occupied immediately after our departure.  I never leave with out getting some new Parrot Head swagger from the super fun store.  Margaritaville isn't just a meal for us, it's an event we look forward to, and Vegas just isn't the same to me with out it.  I wish there was one in Torrance!    

Anyway, I'm super impressed that I feel like you are going to take the time to read and respond to my review Courtney G.  That makes me feel just a special as I do when we get to go and have such an awesome time, food, and service at your restaurant.  If the craps tables weren't so mean to me last weekend, I would almost want to go back just so I could get my fix.  Alas...........there is always next time.
You lookin' for patio seating, unpretentious folks and a serving of nachos the size of a shrub? Margaritaville.
We waited about 15 minutes for a seat on their third-story patio on a warm sunny day. As we had just visited Fat Tuesday in the Forum Shoppes, that 15 minutes went by nice and quickly. Once we were seated, I decided that double-fisting wasn't a bad idea and ordered the Woman On Top (their version of a skinny margarita). But wait! The server came back and said they were out of the low-cal ingredients for the drink, so I sadly ordered a normal margarita. Maybe it's standard policy, maybe it was a mistake, or maybe it was the pathetic look on face... not sure what caused my good fortune, but when the bill came... no margarita to be found! Thanks, unknown server!A party of four of us couldn't even finish the nachos that came about 15 minutes after ordering. Had we all been a bit more tipsy, I'm sure we might have finished... but even that's debatable. Trust me, four large hungry guys would be perfectly satisfied with these.
It's not the fancy-uppity-atmospheric Vegas that most people flock to the Strip for... but for a midday stop for your aching feet, a snack in your belly and a drink in your tank, I would definitely consider Margaritaville.
Stopped in for a quick bite, great atmosphere and even better food. Hubby got the chicken wings and I got the burger.. one of the best burgers ever! I got one of their mixed drinks and it was so tasty! They had popular music on during dinner and then a live band. Band was good but played older music like BRICK HOUSE. I will definitely be back!
Always busy, we hit this place to start our Vegas vacation. We have to go thru the gift shop to see the latest in Parrothead couture!

Oh, yeah, the food. It's okay.
I am the ultimate margarita fan so margaritaville has my heart by default! Atmosphere is very playful. The staff is fun and friendly. During dinner, they put on a show in the main area where essentially this scantily clad woman sgoes down a giant slide into a giant margarita glass. After your second margarita, its more fun than it sounds. 

My favorite dish is the Volcano Nachos. It's the most massive plate of nachos you would ever see. Perfect for sharing with quite a few friends, but beware, it's sooo much food you probably wont want a main entree after.
Went there for a early dinner with the family before our flight. I cant tell you how close in seconds I was to paying for the ice tea my husband ordered and just leaving. Yikes! the prices were out of this world! $14 for a burger and fries, seriously?! I decided to give the benefit of the doubt and order anyways, dumb choice. The food is just mediocre and the prices on the high side for sure. 
I ordered a chicken burger with onion rings. You get 4 onion rings exactly because they are large ones. And my chicken tasted like it had been taken out of the freezer, boiled and slapped on a bun. So not impressed, and not enough food on the plate for the price. 
My husband had a mushroom burger ($14) with fries. Cold fries and a very slim portion, come on people thats the cheapest part of the meal! Burger was very average. 
Decor is kind of intersting and was seated quickly. Also the drinks are just as over priced as the food. You are clearly paying for the brand name of this establishment when you pay your check. There are other and better values in Vegas. I will not be eating there again next time Im in town.
This is always our first stop in Vegas. Great drinks, the upstairs bar is perfect no matter the time of day.  I suggest the nachos.
My aunt is a Parrothead so we went here for her birthday.  My sister and I weren't feeling that great after some bad food at Buca di Beppo earlier in the day so we just ordered soup and salad.  The tortilla soup tasted like those Taco Bell seasoning packets, but it helped settle my stomach a little.  The salad was worse, the lettuce was dry and stale so neither of us ate it.  Also, we had a reservation for "VIP seating" but we still had to wait 20 minutes and the table was just like any other table in the middle of the place.  However - my aunt had a blast enjoying the Jimmy Buffett music videos and her birthday balloon hat, so that's why I give it 3 stars.
The food here is your standard mediocre bar food so if your looking to dine here...skip it.  As the name implies, the show-stopper here are the Margaritas.  My gf will not leave Vegas without stopping in for one and even I approve of this one, even though I've been traumatized by past college tequila events (Go die Jose Cuervo).   Come here, order their Margaritas (I prefer blended), and have a good time.
Half way decent food for an alright price considering it has ourdoor dining mid-strip. Their nachos could feed a small army.
Service was half ass and took a while to receive our food. It was like they were short a couple servers. The margaritas looked like they were served in dixie cups.
I didn't like that I was charged for their crappy souvenir glass ($8) when I ordered my draft beer. The server didn't take it off the bill when I mentioned it to him I didn't want it and there for he ended up paying for it out of his tip.
I'll probably never come back, but I doubt it will still be around by the time I'm back in Las Vegas.
Been here a handful of times since it opened. It has always been good, but the new has definitely worn off. At first, it was fun checking out all the decorations, the boat booths, the volcano, etc. While I still think the food is good, I'd like to see them change up the menu or add to it. I'm sure they've made some changes, but it's hardly noticeable. I had a pulled pork sandwich this time which I've had before. They now serve it open faced and put two onion rings on it. The onion rings were great, but it's still the same sandwich. This seems to be the way they've changed things up. I'm not positive, but I think I remember the drinks coming in actual glasses instead of the plastic cups they were served in on this visit. I can understand that sometimes drunks shouldn't be given glass, but at this particular time, I didn't see any reason to think that the crowd would get out of hand, and I hate drinking out of plastic cups. It's not a keg party. I'm sure they can do plenty of business with only first time customers, but I'm running out of reasons to come back when there are new restaurants opening in Vegas every week. The food doesn't stand out enough to keep people returning, it's the theme. I guess it's still better than many of the other casual dining tourist traps on the strip. I AM a Jimmy Buffett fan, and Margaritaville is a great brand. I have been to and enjoyed their restaurants in many cities. I just hope it doesn't get too stale like a Hard Rock Cafe or Planet Hollywood restaurant. Obviously in Vegas, it's much more difficult to keep up with all the competition.
Awesome staff. Our server, Nicole, was such a dear. Despite her being so busy, she would always drop by our table every now and then to ask us how we were, occasionally staying to chit-chat for a bit. 

My family was seated at a comfy booth overlooking the stage. This was at about 9:30pm. The lights were dimmed and when we noticed that the spotlight was aimed at the stage, we knew there was going to be a live band and couldn't contain ourselves. Before delving into the restaurant's ambiance, I'm pretty sure my parents would agree with me that the food was pretty savory - although nothing out of the ordinary to be honest. We had a triple decker sandwich that came with fries, crab and corn chowder as well as buffalo wings. Except for the soup, definitely try out the other 2 orders. 

Music started at 10pm sharp and went on for an hour. I was very impressed with the band's line-up and still couldn't quite get over the fact that they sang one of the hardest and my most favourite songs - More than a feeling by Boston. Sure, it was pretty loud but what would you expect at a Vegas restaurant? We didn't really get a chance to talk while the band played which helped us channel our focus solely on the food. I guess that's a good thing. Overall, I would recommend people to try out the place. Just take note of this; if you like a more mellow ambiance, try getting to the restaurant earlier in the day.
People great. Turkey burger lousy. Taco salad very good. Nachos huge. Top shelf margarita awesome. Great place for a casual lunch at a reasonable price (for Vegas).
So we're chillin in the Bellagio lookin for food.  My drunk ass friends want wings.  Yeah try to find food at the Bellagio for less than 100 bucks lmao!!  I had avoided margaritaville in the past cuz of the association to country music... my mistake

This trip I went three times.  

The people who work there are sooooooooo nice!!!!!

Food is good!  Wings, nachos!!!

Prices are good!

Margaritas are amazing!!!
I wasnt as impressed as I'd hoped to be when going to this place. First off, the quality of food is not worth the price that it's set at. We ordered nachos, shrimp, a cocktail and a beer and my bill was over $60.00.. but that's what you have to expect while eating on the strip. The service was good, but it was too loud to hold a conversation and the waitress literally sits down and hunches toward you in order to hear what you'd like to order. The coconut shrimp dish was not to my liking, but if you come here you should order the nachos, they are super tasty. If youre gonna spend the cash and wait to be seated might as well go somewhere else with a larger variety menu. Had an okay time but I dont think I will revisit the resturaunt.
So awesome! And Jennifer is a super cool waitress. She is so funny.
This is a lot of food!  My friends were raving about this place and how much they liked it and how affordable it was last time they were here and it really was pretty good.  I had the fish tacos and one of my friends had the seafood mac and cheese and she was CRAZY about it!  It was a little bit pricier than I would have liked but it's Vegas, I didn't expect cheap.  I mean, honestly, for how much I paid, I expected something a little bit more tasty but it wasn't bad.  Just a little bland but maybe I should just stay away from the fish tacos next time.
Stopped by the outdoor bar so the wife could get a foo-foo drink while we were walking down the street. While I don't necessarily mind paying $10 for a drink in a small plastic cup, it better have some booze in it at that price; this one, according to my wife, did not pass mustard in that department.
Definitely a great surprise, good food, good service and atmosphere.Although other reviewers have said it was not recommended for children, we had a 1 year old with us for lunch and were seated in a quieter corner and no problems.Fish tacos, Seafood Mac and margraitas all tasty.Very friendly!
this place is tons of fun, good food, & good prices! they have music playing and a quick little skit every hour or so. after the skit, they offer $5 specialty shots for the following 15 minutes! our server was fun and made our night! i would definitely come back next time im in vegas!
This is a review for the retail store.  The bar/restaurant is your typical touristy, themed restaurant.  
I came in to get a few things for some very picky family members.  One of the managers there, Glenn saw me wondering around and offered to assist me.  I must say, he certainly knows how to provide great service.  He asked me a few questions and before I knew it he had picked out the perfect gifts for me.  I certainly wasn't expecting such great service at such a touristy place, but Glenn proved me wrong.  I wish I was treated this way everywhere I shopped.  Kudos for Margeritaville for hiring such great staff.
Overpriced and nothing special. 
My $15 margarita came in a small cafeteria-style glass with barely any liquor, definitely not enough to get me lit. The $10 beer helped a little. One bite of my $20 burger made me regret even getting food. 
Next time I get the option to go to Margaritaville, I'm choosing AA instead.
My husband & I went there for lunch on Monday, & what a delicious lunch we had!  I had a Turkey Burger which was DELICIOUS!!!  Great service as well!  Next time we are in Las Vegas, we will definitely go back there!  Also, the decor in there was awesome!
I heard that the Huevos Rancheros here were really good and I was not disappointed.  The service was great as well.  My only complaint was the weak drinks.  I ordered an 8 dollar bloody mary and it did not seem to have any alcohol.   My wife's Margarita was the same way.   I went to the bar just to watch the Saturday morning bartender pour drinks.  He would only put in half a shot in each drink he made to, I guess, save money.   I heard two other patrons complaining about weak drinks as well.  My experience was otherwise great here, good food.
This is a good place for a meal and entertainment for adults. We went with a large group and they took good care of us. It was fairly loud,but that's part of the environment. Its right on the strip and they have a large selection of food. I would like to think of this place as a rainforest cafe for adults, in a way because there were people sliding down slides and yelling and singing every so often as animals do at rainforest cafe. That being said, its not a kid friendly place(That is why I only gave it 3 stars)., but it is Las vegas. Its good for adults,but I did see several kids while there. I had fun while there, but I would probably not choose to go to it again until I am over the age of 21.
it was okkay nothing spectacular.  I had the shrimp fajitas they were not that good.  Honestly if you have ever eaten at Chevy's and had their fajitas you know that they are just okkay, nothing special and even this place was worse then that!  But its a convenient location and its kind of a fun atmosphere. I did however try the Mac N Cheese and it was pretty decent so maybe i just picked the wrong plate. Don't know if I'd come back and try this place again.
Not only is the staff in this place completely disorganized, and unprofessional but the food is mediocre at best and overpriced. 

I asked for water 3 times, and didn't receive it until I was almost done eating. People around us who sat down way after we did received their food first, and it seemed our waitress was more concerned with talking and chatting up other tables than getting us our food while it was hot, or actually serving us. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich, and not only did the pickle look wilted from sitting out too long, the chicken inside the sandwich looked like a piece of driftwood that had been picked through by termites, and the fries were hard, chalky on the inside and cold. We ordered the taco salad, the salad itself was also wilted and soggy, and the presentation was horrendous. The meat piled on top of the salad looked like something my dog leaves in the backyard. Our other friends ordered the nachos, and found the nachos were stale. I don't think a single person at our table was satisfied with their food. When it came time to separate the checks, the waitress handed us a single bill and told us to write our names next to what we ordered. Can you say lazy? Once we did that, I handed her our cards and cash and she disappeared for half an hour. 

I wouldn't recommend this place for food or drinks. There are plenty of other places on the strip with amazing food. This place isn't worth the hype or the money.

**The manager of the store has reached out to me since posting this review and assured me this was an isolated incident, and is very embarrassed by our experience and service. The apology and concern felt very genuine, and I look forward to trying this place again with a better result.
I went here for the first time in May, 2012.  I had the fish tacos and a perfect margarita, which was one of the best I've had.  The prices were decent for Vegas.  I would def go back!
My fianc and I came here for the nachos!! Read so much about them on here and they were good. Had real nacho cheese on them. I also ordered the taco salad which I loved the actual shell. It was delicious. Nice and soft flour tortilla. Our waitress was nice. My only complaint was my fianc was setting next to me and we could barely hear each other over the loud music. Other then that if we ever come back to Vegas again we will deff stop by for the nachos!!
The staff is nice, the food isn't. I made the mistake of going to Vegas with people who think Cabo Wabo and Margaritaville serve excellent food. 

This place doesn't even make a good margarita!! For a real margarita, you need to go to Mesa Grill at Caesars! I love Bobby Flay!!

I had a taco salad or something like that and it was underwhelming with the center lettuce being quite soggy and cold.... not in a cold crisp way, but in a not tasty way.
We brought a group of about 25 for drinks and food and they pretty much hooked us up with our own area on the 3rd floor deck.  Drinks were good and if you want pub food like nachos, burgers and fish tacos for a good price then there's really no better place to go.  With all the inflated prices on the heart of the strip, Margaritville still gives you a pretty good bang for your buck.

You waitress Shaavon was phenomenal....she kept all the bills separate for those who needed to leave early and continued to bring everyone their food and drinks over the span of three hours without missing a beat.  It sent a private party but it mine as well have been...thanks Shaavon and MargRitaville for giving us e VIP treatment while we were there.  See you during our next visit!
Considering the crappy service we received elsewhere, we ended up eating at Margaritaville twice during our trip. We had great service both times and I was pleased with the food! 

The first time I had a bbq turkey burger which was really good. Normally turkey burgers can be on the dry side but it was really moist and tasteful! The second time I got the Mahi-Mahi and it was AMAZING! I really enjoyed the meals there and the drinks were great!
this review is only there breakfast menu! it was great i enjoyed it but im not a huge breakfast person. Waiter was awesome and food came out fast. nothing great about this place. the only reason they dont give 5 stars is because they want 35 buck for a margarita. come on i know its vegas and everything is marked up. but jesus that is way toooo much.
My boyfriend and I wandered into Margaritaville after checking out from the Flamingo.  We had time to kill before our flight and I'd read good things about their nachos.  We were seated right away, and our server was cool about us changing tables to be closer to the soccer match on one of the TVs.  We ordered the nachos and fajitas.  Our server warned us about how big their nachos are, and steered us away from ordering anything else.  We're very grateful that he did, because there is no way we could have eaten any more than the massive pile nachos we recieved!  We gave them an honest try and even though we were pretty hungry, we only got through about half of the plate.  They weren't the best nachos I'd ever had, but they were tasty, covered in jalapeos, and a reasonable priced (around $15, which isn't bad for Vegas).  If you order them, plan to split them with 2-4 people and order a side of salsa  to go with it.

Also, the margaritas were tasty, as they should be.
Best place for Nachos, burgers, beer and MARGARITAS of course.  We always take our friends and family who are visiting for a great dinner. Never disappoints!!
French fries, good. Veggie burger, horrible. I live in L.A. do we just know how to make a veggie burger and the rest of the country doesn't? Take it off the menu then! 

It's a decent looking place, apparently the highest grossing restaurant in the country from what I hear. Very loud, so if you want to come here to eat and then dance it's a decent spot. Just not to talk.
We were super excited to find out that our hotel had Margaritaville in it.  For a group of nine we figured it would be a good go-to spot for food and drinks.  Boy were we disappointed.  The drinks are crazy overpriced for the 1. Size and 2. Alcohol content and the food left A LOT to be desired.  The food was cheep and everyone left with stomach aches.  The place is super loud as others have said and their entertainment consists of people on stilts and a girl who dives into a blender...I guess I should use the word "entertainment" loosely.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I would though recommend the bar inside the Margaritaville casino - the It's 5 o'clock somewhere bar.  The bartenders have mad drink skills from the varieties of drinks they offer to the cocktails like show they put on while making your drink.  Just made me feel a little better paying $10 for a house margarita and $7 for a Corona.  If you are on the strip looking for a good, diner style place to eat go to the Peppermill down by Circus, Circus.  It'll save not only your digestive tract but also keep some of those dollars in your wallet!
We went here for breakfast Friday morning at like 8-9am when we first got into town. It was my husband, our friend and myself. We all ordered a Redbull infused mimosa. Tasted weird at first, didn't know a redbull oj mimosa was vodka?(guess I should read the description before I choose drinks) Anyways, it was good but way overpriced. Ordered the Key West omelet. It was delicious. $14.99 crab, shrimp, hollandaise sauce. NOM. Husband ordered the eggs benedict. He always loves it, as long as the hollandaise sauce is right and the eggs aren't overcooked you can't go wrong. Would eat here again :) Forgot that they gave us a 20% off our next visit coupon. Darn.
My girlfriends and I decided to get some lunch here. It was my first time coming here and love how they decorated the restaurant. It kind of reminded me of rainforest cafe. My friend and I decided to split the nachos and we ate maybe a quarter of it. It was ginormous and delish!! Their drinks were fruity and pretty tasty.
Margaritaville is great for what it is:  the physical manifestation of Jimmy Buffett's songs and life.  I sort of have a special place in my heart for a few of those songs, my dad listened to Jimmy Buffett all the time during my formative years.   However, after watching Buffett videos for 45 minutes during lunch, I have come to the realization that I am slightly creeped out by Jimmy Buffett.  Not sure exactly why, but I am.  

Anyway, the food was good enough, exactly what you would expect from a big box, semi corporate kinda place.  I got the perfect margarita and it was great.  Super strong, not sweet at all.  Dont get it if you want a traditional margarita, my friend got one and tearing up as he choked it down.  I like the taste of tequila, so I loved it.
Margaritaville is definitely a tourist spot, you can get a free entree if you use one of the coupons from the Vegas booklet. 

The restaurant is located inside the Flamingo Hotel and is about 3 floors high with 4 bar areas. There are performers in stilts that go around from tale to table making balloon animals and other fun things for kids and patrons. I thought they would pass our table by but I was glad when they stopped by. 

For dinner I had the ribs and french fries, a common thing that I order a touristy spots, and it was a good choice. We both ordered their margaritas and that's when I realized you can walk around with an open container so we took the unfinished drinks to go.
Stopped here for a late lunch and some refreshing beverages and had the best nachos and mojitos ever! Will def be back next time we're in town :)
Great place to relax. Good bar food, folks having a good time. Laid back atmosphere.
We had the second floor as part of a dinner a client was throwing. They were generous with the liquor and considering this client I was grateful for that.

The appetizers were good and the pulled pork was delicious but it was CRAZY LOUD.

It was scream across the table and barely be understood kind of loud.

It was "I wish they'd turn it from from building shaking to just ear splitting" kind of loud.

It was just give up and write notes on a napkin kind of loud.

If you're deaf and have been looking for a place where everyone else is just like you....You just found it.
We were in Vegas for a wedding and we made a reservation for 40 people at 6:30 on a Saturday night.  Now, if that was hard for the restaurant to accommodate, they should have said so.  But instead, they took our reservation and we showed up on time.  Unfortunately, they told us they only had room for half of us upstairs and half downstairs.  Not because there was not enough room for 40 but because they hadn't set aside enough tables in one location for 40.  We seated as many people as we could together and as tables near us opened up we kept adding them to our group, one by one.  Very disappointing.  

I ordered the steak & shrimp fajitas and received steak & chicken.  They told me to keep the chicken and brought me out the shrimp, which was supposed to be "grilled" (according to their menu) but looked as if it had merely been heated up, not grilled.  These are probably the worst fajitas I've ever had.

But I will give it to them - they make great margaritas.
Wife and I had a great evening at Margaritaville. Lots of ice cold Land Shark and excellent strong drinks. Seafood Mac & Cheese was a real hit. Loud music, cool videos and great service and free entertainment.
good food, great prices, perfect casual spot along the strip!
A+++++++++++

Hostess said 10 min wait... We were sitting at our table within 3. 

Our server, PRISCILLA, was AMAZING!! My fianc and I are both in the restaurant industry, and she checked every box on what a great server should be- friendly, attentive, fast, etc etc. She suggested a great margarita for me, and checked on us frequently throughout our meal. My favorite thing about her was that she was personal and not the general "is everything ok here" she knew exactly our situation and where we should be in our meal

Food was also fantastic! Everything came out fast and hot. Drinks also came out fast and were much stronger than normal casual restaurant drinks!

What a great experience at Margaritaville because of Priscilla!!!!!!
I've always liked Margaritaville as a port in a touristy storm.  I know I can come in and get a good drink and listen to some really good music.  The food is so-so.  My husband and I stopped in on 9/1 and shared the combo fajitas.  They weren't sizzling when they came to the table, but the flavor was alright.  They seemed to me like they had been sitting in a warmer tray or something, but what do you expect when the place is packed?  They can't cook each one to order or it would take forever.  We also had a side of 3 coconut shrimp which were a greasy little treat.  I don't eat much fried food, but I did enjoy my 1 1/2 shrimp.  

The drinks were great as always and Jimmy on the big screen was great escapism from the crowded chaos of The Strip.  I was impressed with the hostesses up front who have to manage the flow of traffic coming in that joint.  People don't pay any attention and just walk on up to the dining room when they need to check in with the hostess first, and there was always someone there to guide them in the right direction whether it was back to the hostess or on to one of the 4 bars.  Our server was very friendly and on time with refills & the check.  I'd definitely go back.
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this place.  I would have not minded just hanging out here every night during our 3 night stay.  I had a banana margarita and it was wonderful.  Hubby and I shared the yummy volcano nachos and didnt even put a dent in them.  The atmoshpere is so fun.  You cant help but to have a good time here!  GO!!!
I have been dying to visit this place for awhile. Like since I turned 21, but the whole avoiding the strip thing kinda got in the way.

Anywho -  I went on Saturday around lunch time and we had about a 15 minute wait. Not bad for the strip. We waited a good 10 minutes after we were seated for our server to come by. She recommended the Bahama Mama, which was awesome! It almost tasted like a 50/50 bar, but it had an interesting kick to it. We settled on the nachos for our entree. It looks huge, but I will say that 70% of the nachos is chips. They were still really tasty, and we had leftovers. We indulged and ordered dessert - the brownie. It's chocolate and ice cream - no point in reviewing that. Of course it was delicious!

Overall, I really liked this place. I hope that I can convince one of my buds to join me soon.
Friend of min es wanted to eat and drink somewhere on The Strip.
She had mentioned this place and since I hadn't even been, I was kinda excited to try it.

First off, parking at Flamingo sucks. Call me spoiled but, I guess, I'm used to bigger lots and stalls. It was kind of scary looking for parking in such a compacted space.

Second, it was a pain to walk to the restaurant because it's so far from the parking lot. We had to walk through the whole casino and then, through Margaritaville Casino....yes, they have their own casino!

As soon as we walked in, I was surprised at how big this place was. Friends that we were meeting said that it's THREE stories tall. WOW, doesn't seem that big from the street.

It was very busy as it was Saturday night but, we found a seat by the bar area. The waiter was friendly and recommended some drinks for us to start with. I ended up getting the License to Chill...it was such a pretty blue when I got it. Very refreshing AND strong so, that was a bonus!

The taco salad my friend got was huge and, shockingly, didn't seem that fattening. More refreshing than anything.
My crab, shrimp, and mushroom dip was good. Came with garlic bread but, I liked it better with chips. Btw, the garliv bread was more like garlic Texas toast =)
I had a nice time here but wont be back too often unless we have someone visiting from out of town who wants to go.. The drink prices are too high for what you get. I paid $10 for a tiny cup of margarita. My friend paid $18 for a bigger one but you still didn't get enough for the price compared to a lot of other places around here. 2 of our friends decided to wait outside and not purchase anything after seeing the prices and size of drinks. I wanted to order at least 1 to try it.  I did think it tasted good just not good enough for the price. It was kind of dead in there too but maybe it was the hour we were there. We sat at the bar and just got a drink menu so I don't know about the food and might have to try that out someday. The staff was friendly and the place was clean inside. After 1 drink we decided to head to another place where we could get more drink for our buck.  I really had high hopes for this place and wish I could write a  better review but I have to be honest based on my experience.
Yes it's gimmicky - but isn't that why you go? This place always has a fun atmosphere whether it be for a quick drink (The Pink Cadillac is delicious) at the wrap around bar or grabbing a table late night by the stage where there is a live band, either one is a good time! Of course if you're a huge Jimmy Buffet fan there are plenty of souvenirs in the gift shop that you have to walk through to get to the bar. I almost got suckered into something because it's all such fun stuff. The food menu was quite large and the pulled pork burger was amazing!!! The bun was loaded with so much pork you would barley see it. We sat at the bar so the service was great, friendly and fast bar tenders. Oh, and try to count how many times they play "it's 5 o'clock somewhere"  haha those poor bar tenders!
My brother in law is a huge Jimmy Buffet fan so we had to go, we had the nachos for a starter which were huge and the fish tacos as our main, very tasty, the drinks were strong and really hit the spot and the service was excellent, my sister got a monkey balloon hat which she was very pleased about, be prepared for a wait no matter what time you go, it gets really packed.
we had a private party on the 2nd floor & the staff was great!! 3.5 stars

----FROZEN MARGARITAS! of course.. its MARGARITAVILLE!! you can get them w/ flavors & even mix flavors! (guava's not bad but a bit sweet) ORIGINAL is the way to go!
---Fried chicken wings w/ honey mustard sauce were nice & crispy!
---spring rolls: not bad for a "mexican" joint
---mini cheeseburgers: the buns weren't the best, but the patties were cooked well

had a blast!! wouldn't mind coming back for some finger foods & margaritas
Great atmosphere! Wish the Outside Upper Deck were open on a more consistent basis.
Service was great.  Food on the other hand sucked really bad.  The only good thing was the shrimp appetizer.  I ordered a steak and my wife got a margarita and the nachos.  Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.  No flavor and if you like shoe leather I would recommend it but if you are like me pass on the steak.  Nachos were cold and the margarita was bland.  She had one in Nashville's margaritaville and loved it but the Vegas one was horrible.  We even said maybe it was a bad batch and went back to give it a second chance.  Same result.  There are much better places to go in Vegas to  eat.
I had some of the absolute worst food of my entire life here.  I like Jimmy Buffet and I live in New Orleans where we also have a Margaritaville but the food at the New Orleans location is exponentially better than this place even though it still isn't that great.  The shrimp here were horrible with the texture of gummy bears and I've never experienced such atrocious seafood.  The food was all bland and even "spicy" dishes had no flavor!  I'm really confused why they can't seem to do drinks and food at least on par with the similarly themed but far better executed Bahama Breeze chain that isn't that far a ride from here (tip: go there if you're in the mood for a tropical themed restaurant and you will be FAR happier). The big bonus is you can get wasted away again in Margaritaville on margaritas here but the bad news is they aren't that great here and I wish they had prickly pear flavored ones like the Z'Tejas chain does. I know this is the most profitable restaurant in America so please Jimmy get some quality control on the food going through here!  A good Gulf Coast boy like Mr. Buffet needs to be embarrassed to have served food like this even if he is laughing all the way to the bank.
Some call it a tourist trap..  Maybe they're right.  Been here about 5 times when I didn't live out here.  Since I moved here, been here only once.  Yep, I was trapped. 

Food is okay, nothing to brag about.  However, their Volcano Nachos is probably the best nachos on the strip.  Only came our here for the nachos and drinks.  

You get some entertainment while you're here.  Once the song "Cheeseburger in Paradise" comes on the party starts.  All the excitement last about 15 minutes.  Not bad and it really can be entertaining.  However, after about an hour and seeing the same routine 3 times, it get's a bit old.  

Not a bad place to have a few drinks.  But for food, not my first pick in the area.
This place was exactly what I expected it to be. 

Palm trees, nautical nicknacks, colorful margaritas in oversize glasses. There were even an airplane and water-slide, though it's not open to patrons, which is just a tease. There is a show that they put on where a girl dressed as a mermaid dances around and slides down the water-slide and into a vat of "margarita," which I'm sure is just water. FYI ... the tub of water that she slides into isn't very flattering for the girl. The distortion that the water created made me feel better about my own body lol.

The margaritas are good, as is to be expected. I had a regular margarita with a premium tequila since it was on special that night (it was a Wednesday). Very tasty. We didn't order entrees, but we did get a gigantic plate of nachos. And when I say gigantic, I mean GIGANTIC. One order of nachos could feed a small army, so keep that in mind. The nachos had chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, tomatoes, and green onions. Very tasty! 

Margaritaville is a fun place to stop in for a bite to eat and a margarita!
As soon as we checked in to our hotel, we dropped off our stuff and headed straight to Margaritaville. We sat down at the bar, ordered a bucket of beer and a couple of margaritas. The nachos are huge and are really delicious. We really started off our Vegas trip great by coming here. I had been here once previously and had the same experience, just a great time.
Awesome time with the family. I mean the tequilla didn't hurt, but it was good food, good music and live entertainment.  Mt three boys loved the dancing betty in a swimsuit.  Kinda pricey though.
Definitely very entertaining! I had the best original margarita! Service was awesome! Shannen was the best server we had for the week that we stayed in Vegas, and we ate out Everyday!!! Thanks again to the staff and a great show!!! I will definitely be back
Ah Jimmy Buffett---sort of your parents' Sammy Hagar.
This place runs expensive, and it took a long time to get served due to seemingly failing to have a host on staff from the direction we came in (later on, after they held my left-behind credit card kindly for me and when I returned for it, I realized the host dwells in a different location to enter in). Looking for a really cheap meal, we had the volcano nachos which was just such an excessive amount of food, probably fit for 5 people, so make sure you bring at least 3 people or the prices won't make sense. You're supposed to get drinks here, but their items seemed pricey so we skipped the drinks. Am I missing something about the Jimmy Buffett dynasty that makes the menu so expensive? I guess you're supposed to buy the drinks so that you can eat that quantity of food huh? 
Inside there is non-stop video footage of the fun-times man himself on his namesake island in Florida...all around a good place to hang if this kind of thing makes you nostalgic, not really my kind of thing, but I won't knock it for that. I guess, if anything, Jimmy Buffett reminds me of sing-alongs in grade school and the way your parents envisioned the "good life". At any rate, the nachos were filling, so mission accomplished.
Terrible! The food is terrible. Like really terrible. Everything tastes like fish.  How do you manage to make a chicken quesadilla taste like fish?  That shouldn't even be possible.
Service was so slow.  Took forever to get a menu, order, and get food.
And it's fucking cold in there. I didn't come to the desert to have rock hard nipples from how cold I am.
Always a good time!  Since I was last here in April, it seems like maybe the menu has changed because I didn't previously notice that they had many vegetarian options.  This time around, they had several veg-friendly options and even had marked on the menu which items could be made vegetarian.  Kudos on that.  However, I had a chicken salad minus the chicken and was charged the same price... not a huge issue but surely the chicken would have been more costly than the lettuce, sugared pecans, and mango?  In any case, the food here is always good and I love the nautical ambiance.  Service was on par the Monday evening I visited and there was no wait for a table.  The outdoor dining space is excellent as well with a fun view of the strip.  My only issue with Margaritaville is that it is always freezing cold!  I almost always prefer to eat outside when possible since I won't be shivering throughout my meal!
I wish I could write a more detailed review for Margaritaville but because of two reasons, I cannot; 1. I visited more than three months ago and the details have begun to escape me and 2. I can't say I was completely sober at the time... it's Vegas! But I can confirm it was a great time!

The interior is awesome, I loved walking through the rocky structure to get to our table. It's a whirlwind of color and sound once you're seated, there's so much going on around you. I couldn't hear a damn thing my friends at the table were saying but whatever. I remember enjoying my drinks and food (what did I order?! darn inebriated memory) and especially the pirate/mermaid act where the mermaid shimmys and slides into the margarita glass.. so fun!

Despite it being crazy busy, our waitress was awesome, too. We'll be back next time we're on the Strip.
I've been to several locations and this one was by far te best. The bartenders were friendly who made really strong margaritas. My favorite part is the cat walk that you can drink your drinks on and yell at people on the street walking by. Always a good time.
been here a twice on 2 separate trips. Food is good. Service was average. Noise so loud that i couldn't take to the person sitting 2ft from me.
Not bad, but not great. 

They have a small little area for you to order your margarita (for on the go), and the general bar area. 

Good amount of options. I've tried the strawberry one before..it's..strawberry. Yesterday I tried the raspberry..bleck. It was like, a strange sour taste. 

Bf got the cadillac, and said it was kind of narsty. 

All in all, it's a cool place to hang and chill (though that's what we didn't do.)

When I went last year, there were tons of olllldd men tryna holler at young girls from the balcony thang that they have..uhm, no.
Very touristy. 8ft guys handing out balloon animals-a little creepy to me, but hey what happens in Vegas right?  Every time the 10ft screen starts showing Jimmy Buffet start to play a bleach blond comes out in a beachy getup and starts to...hula/margaritaville polka dance. Work with me here I'm trying my best to give you the full ambiance of what you get for your $ here. Did NOT care for the premixed margaritas but their bartenders do know their way around a bar if you ask them to make one of your favorites.
This was my first time here and to be honest i was not impressed. The prices were so so, on the food and drinks. but there was a 20 minute wait to get inside and once inside so many things were going on it was hard to have one point to have during your meal. servers were nice and i cant say the food was bad, but my drink was a little weak on the liquor and for 11.00 it should be pretty stiff. There is a small show that's nice to watch that happens like every 30 minutes. Don't think i would come back but its a good experience at least once.
Really awesome atmosphere.  I had a burger, and I wasnt expecting much, but it had great taste and was cooked perfectly.  My fiance had the grilled chicken and she enjoyed it very much.  She also had a Volcaneo margarita which was smoking, so that was pretty cool too.
Our server Alisha was amazing! Super fun, nice, and made great recommendations!! Will definitely go back! Just don't mistake her for Ashley:) lol
Second time here, and this one was for breakfast. Everything seems to be about alcohol, so we tried a mango margarita, and it was great. Can't say that about the breakfast selection. I wasn't impressed, but of course, will be back. The atmosphere
is great and so is the gift shop.
Great drinks and atmosphere.  But the management needs to get some better employees or monitor the service.   That aspect is soso.  Management fails
My boyfriend and I had the shrimp, crab, mushroom dip as an appetizer- AMAZING! Our waiter, Gio was great. I had two drinks, "The Perfect Margarita" was amazingly good and I cannot remember the name of the other one, it was delicious though.
I've always wanted to eat here just for the ambiance and the drinks, and walking by this weekend while in Vegas we decided to check it out. There wasn't a wait which was perfect and we were seated right away. The service was awesome. Drinks were STRONGGGG....holy crap were they strong. So many combinations it was hard to choose! I ended up ordering the Buffalo Chicken Bites to eat and they honestly weren't great. However, my other girlfriends ordered the Seafood Mac & Cheese and it was TO DIE for. I think I ate like, half of theirs. The portions are HUGE too, we saw someone order the nachos and I couldn't believe my eyes haha. It was a good time! I'll be back for sure, maybe at night next time.
My fiance and I had an amazing breakfast meal and service on Thanksgiving Day, working with Heather G, at the LV strip location. The food was outstanding, the bloody mary's yummy and potent, and the service was THE BEST. I've had evening drinks and appetizers at this location in the past and service and food/drink quality was fine then, too. But our Thanksgiving morning breakfast was TO DIE FOR.
XO
Traci 'n Lauren
Came here several times.  Once at breakfast (steak and eggs), and came back in the afternoon for more drinks.  It was a fun atmosphere and girls go swimming in huge blenders...Sweet...Anyways good place to hang out and have some drinks.  See you next time Margaritaville.
"No Shoes ? No Shirt ? No Problem !" Telle est la devise  Margaritaville !

La ville de la margarita ? Quasiment et si c'tait vraiment une ville, on serait prt  y habiter pour boire tous les soirs une bonne margarita et se goinfrer d'un volcan de nachos !!!
Oui se goinfrer, vraiment il n'y a pas d'autre mot, car voir arriver cette montagne de nachos fait presque peur, mais en se mettant  trois dessus et en ne mangeant que a, on a finalement russi  en venir  bout ! 
(bon j'tait un peu tout seul dessus  la fin mais je partage la victoire !)

En moyenne les cocktails sont dans les 10$ et les margaritas les valent largement, elles sont bien doses et il y a des propositions assez intressantes !
Le nachos volcano quand  lui est  15$, donc pour 3 personnes c'est tout  fait acceptable, vous repartez repus et fiers d'avoir termin ce plat que certains mangent seul(e)s... question entrainement peut tre...

Seul petit bmol : c'est trs bruyant et assez sombre dans la partie bar, on est bien mieux dans la partie restaurant sur la terrasse avec vue sur le Strip, mais l par contre, allez savoir pourquoi... les verres sont en plastique !

Attendez vous  attendre un peu selon l'heure pour avoir une table, mais a vaut le coup de tenter l'exprience !
Very casual.  Sit anywhere, the menus are on the table and eventually the server will show up.  She was friendly as all the staff was.

Good selection of foods, on the high side of prices for a casual restaurant.

I ordered the chili with a side salad.

The chili came out warm. I had to send it back but when it did come back it was very hot, good and a big bowl.
My salad never came, but that was good since the chili was enough. I was expecting a small bowl of chili for the price but it was bigger than I thought. Yes, I did mention  it was pricy but not the chili everyone else's food.

My wife ordered the fish tacos. She said they were good and they came with a side of chili too. 

Drinks were good. The atmosphere is party and fun.

Overall a casual sit down place to hang and have a light lunch or snacks.
I think this would have been a five star if we'd have had the nachos and a cheeseburger. As it was, we shared a club and the teriyaki chicken. It was decent.

But let's face it-we came for the ambiance, the music and the BOOZE-and margaritaville did not disappoint! I say drink first - eat after.
I wish I could give a place ZERO.
You know, I probably deserved to pay the ridiculous price of 36 dollars per huge margarita for not being so patient while walking down the strip.
I did not have food here, just a drink. 
I ordered the blender-sized 35 oz margarita which was then filled with a few of the slurpee-like liquids of peach, mango, and lime. 

The drink was SO sweet, I could barely drink the thing.
I could not taste any alcohol, just sugar.
I started actually getting heart burn about half way through.

As my fiance put it: "I was hung over, before I was even buzzed".

72 dollars later for 2 drinks that were painful to drink, I realize the 13 dollar bong-looking beverages that you can get refilled nearly anywhere on the strip are much better and generally have more liquor and taste nicer on the tongue too.

Less financial heartburn, I might add.
Stay away from this bar/walk in place unless you're looking to carry a giant mug that says "Schmuck".
I used to come here regularly. And from my rating, you can see that that has changed. The last two times I came were complete disasters. One time isn't really their fault but it tells you the type of people you may encounter (though you would probably encounter them anywhere). Anyhow, let me get back to the story. It's a laid-back place with a live band you can dance to. So I put my sweater on the speaker (which I've done many times before) so that I could dance without the extra bulk. To make the long story short, my sweater was stolen. I actually approached the girl who argued with me and ran off with it. And I'm not kidding about that. I admit I wasn't quick enough to go after her because I was in shock, I definitely did not expect that at all. The workers of course could not help. Anyhow, it sounds petty but I like that sweater and it's ridiculous that that even happened. I actually didn't come for a couple of months because I was still annoyed by that.

Anyhow, I finally did decide to make another visit... Ok, so onto the actual place- food, drinks, and music. All were terrible the last time I was here. In fact, I brought some family and friends and was completely embarrassed by how bad it was. They had a new band and they were terrible. (The old band used to play the same songs but at least they did a good job). It took me a while to figure out what this new band was playing, which ended up being "Yeah" by Ludacris. That's a pretty distinct song and it's bad that I couldn't even tell what they were playing! Well, since we finally found a table, we figured we'd hang out even with the terrible music. So everyone ordered their drinks. I ordered my usual margarita on the rocks. Wow, that was also terrible. Seriously, is it possible for everything to change that much in a couple of months? In fact, it became somewhat of a game as everyone tried everyone else' drink to see whose was the worst. I think mine won. Actually, I can't even comment on the food because I think we gave up after the drinks. (I used to always want the nachos but I was afraid to try that this time).

So I definitely do not recommend this place and will not come back (and haven't since these last experiences).
We went to Margaritaville and it was great. We had a great cocktail waitress named Claire. She made sure we had what we wanted and was attentive to our drink and food needs. Claire was fun and engaging. She also gave us drink suggestions and they were really good. I'm going back for the World of Concrete and hope that Claire is working then. My friends and colleagues and I appreciate the quality service that Margaritaville and Claire provides.
Look, this place isn't a 5 star restaurant, but I'm giving it 5 anyway because I friggin' love it.  I've gone here dozens of times with my wife, friends, and/or family, and I can't get enough of it.  The atmosphere is usually very fun, everyone is having a good time, and things are just....laid back.  I get the Volcano Nachos each and every time, so I can't speak much on the other menu items.  For $15.99 you get a plate of nachos that 2 people can very rarely finish, so it's basically a nacho buffet for under $10/person.  Can't beat that.  And they're really GOOD nachos, not your generic nachos.  

Drinks can be a little pricey, but it's on the Las Vegas Strip, so that's to be expected.  You can plan on paying around $10 for any of their mixed drinks, and I think their beers will run you anywhere from $5-$8 (I don't drink beer, but that's just been what I can remember from people with us ordering them).  The main level can get a little noisy at times, but they have a 2nd and 3rd level where things are a lot quieter if you want to be able to carry on a casual conversation.  But if you're going there for a good time and you're not going to be there many times, I'd definitely recommend the ground level so you can get the full experience.

Waiters and waitresses are generally on the ball and keep your glasses full and address any needs, although there has been a time or 2 where that wasn't the case.  That's to be expected after literally probably 50 visits, though.  

Highly, highly recommend.
This place sucks! Went on a Tuesday night and waited over 10 min to get a waitress at our table. Just got up and left! Place looked like a ghost town!
Really great margaritas, especially the "Perfect Margarita" my waiter tried to talk me out of getting it because it was too "strong". Well, it's not and in fact it will give you the best buzz ever.
I love the volcano nachos, super awesome and big. It's basically like a meal, and the burger was pretty good too.
Service was slow, and our waiter was a doushe, but I really liked it.
Keep an eye out for the volcano blowing! (apparently a mermaid is supposed to come out of the volcano, but that didn't happen during my visit there)
Well, last week my Vegas bucket list contained the simple (yet somehow elusive, for me) task of going to JB's Margaritaville and having a margarita (I love margaritas and have had my share). I can half-way cross this off, but not really. 

After a long night, I was dying. Ya know, that "Vegas-did-you-well" kind of dying. But whatever, we had to power through. Our party of 6 was determined to go to M-ville, and that we did. On a Wednesday afternoon, we walked over from Cosmo and strolled into here from the sewer-smelling hell known as the Flamingo casino. We were seated right away, and seen right away. 

TIPPITY-TIP-TIP: Request Ryan L. as your waiter! Seriously, this guy is the only reason that I am giving ANY stars (the food was HORRIBLE, as I will get into a little later). Management, if you read this, please recognize Ryan. He was nothing short of fantastic! He would probably remember our table, we were probably his only entertainment for the day. 
Everyone at the table was going to get a margarita (except me, I cringed at the thought), and he recommended that by the time they all got the specialty margaritas, it would be about the same price as their "Tower of Margaritas:" a tap-operated, 5-foot tall tube loaded with ice and their traditional margarita that would serve everyone 2 margaritas...of course my friends opted for that. Not only this, but he brought out a few flavors when two of my friends didn't like the taste of the regular margarita. 

For food, we all know I needed food. Something. The only redemption was the fact that the corn soup I ordered was brought out right away. This dish just didn't taste that great, but I still knew I needed to eat it. So I did. 

However, when all the main dishes came out, I had just ordered the boneless buffalo wings. How hard is this? Really? These came out and it was like they had them frozen, but then the kitchen had them being cooked in the microwave for the entire duration since when Jimmy Buffet was born. I have never had more dry, tasteless, disgusting chicken in my entire life. I could barely chew it-- not to mention that they were room temperature. I ate about maybe 2-3 out of 12 and let the rest sit there. Absolutely pathetic. The rest of our party ended up with nachos-- a massive heap of tortilla chips with room temperature toppings that tasted old. Shame on you, Margaritaville. 

And, enter Ryan to the rescue (kind of). We didn't want to complain-- we had places to go-- but he craftily split everything at the table on the checks before we even asked; he split the massive margarita into 6, the nachos into 3, a last-minute pitcher of margz into 2, and another entree into 2 or 3. So easy. 

As miserable as I felt, I felt somewhat better towards the end (thank you, soup and water). So, I forced myself to have at least two drinks of the margarita. Unfortunately, I was once again not impressed. Sigh. 

Bottom Line: Three stars for service. Negative 1 for food. Gross.
I'm going to start off by saying that I F'ing LOVE Margaritas. So naturally I love coming here every time I'm in Vegas. The Margaritas were delicious and the selection is pretty darn massive. I like to come here and chill out to get away for the shoulder to shoulder crowds and throw down some delicious Tequila. Side Note: While ordering my margarita at the bar some older man pulled out an 8 Ball of Cocaine and proceeded to cut it up on the bar WAHAHAHAHAH F'ing Vegas.
This place is alright. Friend had the el diablo burger which was pretty good. Everything else was very average-tasting Mexican/American food, though the portions were sufficiently large and filling. Do NOT get the fish and chips, might be the worst fish and chips I've ever had. It looks and tastes more like a giant chicken nugget.

On the plus side, there are people walking around with stilts which are very entertaining. Also, once in a while this girl dressed up as a mermaid dances in a volcano and does a sort of pole dance in a giant blender. So +.5 stars for entertainment, though I would still round down to 2.
Service staff is on island time, good luck finding them.

The fermenting stench from a  garbage can dominated the air above our table. 

The only seating for breakfast was in the open air deck with no cooling apparatuses. Nothing like greeting the Las Vegas morning desert sun with a cup of hot coffee at your table.
So kwame (spelling?) is the best bartender known to Vegas. He exceeded all expectations. He was friendly, had a great pour, and took the time to give our party of 8 helpful tips about Vegas nightlife. 

Beyond Kwame the food was ok. A few people ordered the buffalo chicken tenders. Nothing too special. I mean you can't come to this place expecting gourmet. 

We came her twice in our four day trip. We probably would've came more, but we found out Kwame would not be there for the remainder of the weekend.
This place is ok. Live music but no very many people and strawberry margarita was ok..
Jimmy! Jimmy Jimmy! The service here was horrible. And we never made it to a table. They asked us to wait for a table. Well. OK.  10 minutes not so bad, even though there was 30 empty tables.  Not enough wait staff. Okay. But after waiting 10 minutes, they seated us at a bar in the dining room. Really? We could have sat at the empty bar in the lounge at any time.  I was really ready to share my smile, but, after that we hit the sidewalk for the PBR Rock Grill
My friend and I came here for dinner, we got buffalo chicken wings and the nachos. As for drinks. I got the strawberry daiquiri and my friend got fins to the left, which is a margarita which has blue curacao. She said it was tasty and the strawberry daiquiri was tasty as well. The nachos were huge! perfect for hangovers. Great Service and Great food.
I came here on a work trip to Vegas with a couple co-workers and had their version of a Cadillac (blended) margarita. It was AMAZING and  I will definitely be back!! Definitely pricey though at $12 but that's to be expected...
The food and margaritas are both a huge disappointment for me here... I went to different Margaritavilles in different states and this location is by far the worst. My friends and I ordered uptown margarita, last mango in paris margarita, tropical fruit margarita and perfect margarita. We all agreed that drinks weren't good, they contained very small amount of alcohol and come in regular drinking cups; not the margarita glasses.

 For appetizers, we ordered spinach artichoke dip and for my entree, I had the Jimmy's Jammin Jambalaya. The food is not great at all, BUT service makes up for everything. We had a fantastic waiter and interesting live entertainment. There's a mini show happening every 30 min-1 hour. There's two guys and one lady on walking stilts singing and a blondie dancing around. The finale is when she slides down a volcano into a huge cup of margarita at the bar section. I bet she changes into 15-20 bikinis a day!!!! Poor thing.. When they're not performing, they're crafting balloons for everyone. They made a bow and arrow for me. It was my friend's birthday so they made her a crown  with two hearts and the sign 21 on it. They're super funny and entertaining! Love it!
Friendly staff...good service...alcohol is a little low budget...just doesn't appeal to me for some reason....except the walk up bar...guess I have to give it 4 stars because they are so good though...
This place is a tourist trap. High priced food I can deal with when it is good. I ordered the fajitas steak and chicken combo and no flavor. The onions and peppers were not even cooked just a little burnt from sticking to the skillet. The homemade guacamole was good but the tortillas tasted like plastic. My friend was visiting from out of town and I am a local but I don't mind going to places on the strip if it is worth it. This place is not. The music was loud and the show of dancing guys on stilts making animal balloons did not impress me. My friend got the island pork wrap and said it was ok but not worth coming back for. This service was ok but not great.
Had a really good lunch here. Food was tasty, as were the margaritas! Very nice waiter, and when he went on break, he came to tell us who would be keeping an eye on us. A little while later that guy came over to check on us and chatted for awhile. Felt very well cared for and appreciated it.
Margaritaville was exactly as expected. There are kitchy acts going on that keep the energy up and there is always something to look at while you are eating. The food was good - not great - but solid. It was especially good after a long night of drinking. I didn't order any drinks but I did get an appetizer and a burger. Both were very tasty. But even now that I am thinking back on the meal I can't remember exactly what I ate. Not a good sign! But I do remember being full and happy when I left. The only downside is that our final bill came to over $50 and for two burgers, an app and no drinks, that was pretty crazy. I get that it's Las Vegas, but still, I was surprised! I would like to go back and try the drinks and see if they live up to the hype!
I loved it. Especially since I am a Jimmy Buffet fan.  Great food, I got a salad.  Great atmosphere, errupting volcano, stilt dancers. Good margaritas cant wait to go back.
this place is awesome! I ordered the fajita combo with mushroom - steak and chicken

it was outstanding! the service is great and the atmosphere is SO FUN

they have a show every hour - like a pirates show w a show girl etc

they also have the really tall guys making balloons for kids ( even tho I did not see a single child )

the prices are not bad for Vegas but def worth it since it is Yummy

facility is all lit up and tropical w 2 big screen projectors

def a fun crowd 
they have live music on the weekends!
Had to worst mixed drink here ever....perhaps it has to do with one of their drinks including 151!  Not the best choice.  Large joint with tacky decor, but hey, this IS Vegas.
I went here last Monday at 11:30am and had one of the best Bloody Mary's ever!  The bartender made it exactly as I wished-nice and spicy and because of that I got two!  He was really nice and friendly, my bf and I enjoyed his company as well.   

The decor of the place is fun and typical Jimmy Buffet, just what a tourist wants on vacation!  I didn't see any shows or anything because it was early but still had a nice lunch.  There are also some seats outside in the front for you to catch some rays as well as heat lamps for when it is chilly out in LV.  

I ordered a chicken jerk sandwich which was good with fries!  I also appreciated the large thick paper branded napkins they had.  

There are also lots of photo opportunities inside.  I took a picture with the large green-boozinator?  

Def worth checking out!
My girlfriend and I went into Margaritaville in Las Vegas because we love all the other locations!  Vegas did not disappoint either.  I had the cheese burger in paradise (is there any other?) and my girlfriend had a taco salad.  Both were very tasty as were the perfect margaritas!  We also split the conch fritters to get a taste of key west.  We hung out and watched the band for a little bit and the people dancing.  Great times!

After dinner and a few more drinks, we went into the gift shop.  I was looking for a shirt I had seen in Key West a couple weeks before, but was disappointed when I found out they didn't have it.  A male employee approached and asked if I was finding everything ok, when I told him my story he said I could order it online.  We asked me to hold on and went off somewhere.  A few minutes later he returned with a printed out page of the shirt I wanted as well as the phone number for Key West.  I didn't get his name but I did ask if he was the manager, and he said he was the supervisor.  What great service!

After the gift shop we hit the casino and the bar.  I like when bartenders do tricks while serving the drinks!  What a great time I highly recommend Margaritaville!
Cocktails and margaritas were great, the basic cheeseburger was tasty and the fries were surprisingly good.  Was there on a Friday night and the live band was great with all types of covers from Journey to Beatles to Florence and the Machine.  I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't all Jimmy Buffet music and old people in Hawaiian shirts :)  Will go next time I'm in Vegas!
Margaritaville was exactly what I expected- a chain restaurant on the strip that serves applebees style food for a slightly higher price. Atmosphere here and layout of the restaurant is interesting in a good way. Visited with 3 friends and sat out on the patio for lunch on a weekday. It was a chilly day, so the heaters on the patio would have come in handy, but the one near us did not appear to be working. On to the menu...

After looking at the menu, I had some questions for the server. They were honest about the food, which I always really appreciate. The honesty included this- don't get the fish tacos, they are bad. I don't remember if that's an exact quote, but close enough. I ended up ordering the Caribbean chicken salad, which was fresh and exactly what I was looking for. Definitely a meal sized salad, so if you don't like left overs you may want to ask for a half-portion. I believe my friends ordered burgers and were happy with their choices overall. 

This place is the definition of A-OK. Standard food, fast service, and a convenient location.
Margaritaville has always been one of my go-to breakfast spots in Vegas. On my last trip, however, I was with a (too large) group of girls and we didn't make it in time for breakfast. I was disappointed but decided that lunch was worth a try. Glad we stayed and dined. I ordered the seafood bisque and caesar salad along with a bahama mama. Both food and drink were delicious and fairly reasonable (price-wise) by Vegas standards. The review would have been a 4 but the service was off-it was very friendly, but we spent a lot of time waiting and it wasn't really busy. 

I will certainly be back on future trips.
Came here just for drinks and I wasn't let down. Started off with the margarita with the beer in it and it was GOOD! I don't like beer and I thoroughly enjoyed it. We then moved on to some concoction that had about 3 or 4 liquors in it (one was the "5 o clock somewhere"). I wish we were hungry because the food looked damn good...especially the nachos. I have to go back again.
We stopped here while walking the strip for an early lunch (11:30amish) as family on trip had been before and wanted to try again. This place probably was in its heyday back in the 80's, but it could use about 50 gallons of botox treatment if you catch my drift. 

The service was slow and far from friendly. I would guestimate that 50% of the food served wasn't eaten by the 8 people at the table - you be the judge.and let it be known that you were forewarned!
Wasted away...in Margaritaville.  Was searchin' for a good time and all I found was drunk folk!  Some people claim there is Sin City to blame, but I know...it was all Jimmy Buffett's fault!

TOURIST.  TRAP.  In the middle of the desert.  Mr. Buffett, you have no shame!  But this lack of shame (and the act of being high & lazy most of the time) has made you a very rich man.  You're rich, B!+ch!  Your tropical concoction of a so-called restaurant called Margaritaville is definitely to blame.  You and Kenny Chesney doing a duet anytime soon?  I will be sure to rock my big-rimmed cowboy hat, a tight tank-top, Bermuda shorts, some sandals, and my ukulele.  I want in on some of that moolah you make by pandering to your beloved 'Parrot Heads'.

Seriously, Margaritaville is like the tropics gone loco!  It's like Nathan Drake of Uncharted fame crash landed on a deserted island run by...um...Jimmy Buffett.  Damn, couldn't find a better metaphor!  This place is like a mish-mash of tropical and kitsch all rolled into one!  It's akin to being in on one of Jimmy's LSD induced hallucinations.  Although thinking about it, that might have been the goal.  Margaritaville is probably the place you want to be if you love island living (I'm from Maui but geez this is stretching it), think that all island-dwellers wear brightly colored Aloha shirts all times of the day (most of us actually run around shirtless with spears and use ti leaves as cloth diapers), and have no sense of time (actually, most of us Filipinos don't have a sense of time).  Also, if you love the song 'Margaritaville' you will probably love hanging out at Margaritaville.  I swear, for the hour we were there eating dinner, we heard the song play at LEAST 5 times!  Insane!  And yes, each time there was a bikini-clad woman sliding down a gigantic margarita glass-shaped slide into a pool below.  Drunk, frisky men were in awe (I might have been a little bit in awe as well but that was out of respect for the bikini-clad woman...a real gentleman gives credit where credit is due).

Margaritaville was quite the experience.  Upon being greeted at the host stand, we were showed to another host stand downstairs.  Now for me, this is where the night started.  It is normal to be greeted by an African-American teen, sure.  But being greeted by an African-American teen with, "Yo dawg, how you doin'?  Four?  Right this way." while dressed in khaki shorts, a bright turquoise Aloha shirt with parrots on it, and sporting a bit of a gangsta lean?  Kinda hilarious.  It was a bit like being shown to your table by one of the members of the Wu Tang Clan.  In the middle of the tropics.  But hey, who am I to judge?  A kid's gotta eat.

However, we literally were sat right in the middle of the entire restaurant!  It felt like each table around us was like 10 feet away.  Luckily our server was nice, but a tad on the unattentive side mainly because...we were seated 10 feet away from everyone else.  It's like she had to make a mini trek to get to our table.  

The kids were amused with Margaritaville for all of 10 minutes.  Ooh, an airplane!  Ahh, a slide!  Ooo, palm trees!  After that, eh.  Then all the questions.  "Why is it so noisy in here?"  "How come those people are laughing so loud?"  "Why are they playing this song AGAIN?"  "There are lots of salt shakers here.  How did they lose it?"  I don't know kids, I don't know.  Go back to drinking your margaritas.  

The food at Margaritaville is interesting in concept, but I think the execution comes out as MEH.  Really on the average side.  We came here mainly because the kids wanted to share a round of Margaritaville's famous Volcano Nachos.  This $16 behemoth really did resemble a small volcano!  Ginormous!  Easily could feed 5 people with a mound of tortilla chips topped with chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, tomatoes, and green onions.  But honestly, anyone can make nachos.  They tasted okay, but not the best nachos I've ever had.  Chili kinda tasted store bought.  Biggest peeve?  I hate when I have too many nacho chips but not enough cheese!  This volcano of a nacho pile had hardly any cheese when you hit the middle!  If I wanted plain chips I would have asked for plain chips.  It's like that one guy at McDonald's who makes your soft serve cone in a swirl with a big pocket of air in the middle.  Bastard!  

Rest of the food there?  Overpriced!  Come on, $13 for a cheeseburger?  $20 for coconut shrimp?  It's expensive to live in paradise!  Not much different fare than your local chain restaurant.  But the drinks do look tasty.  Besides Volcano Nachos we ended up just ordering two cheeseburgers off the kids menu.  Nothing special.

Margaritaville is open daily, 365 days a year for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Just the way you would figure a crazy island in the tropics.  You can have your island fever fix just about any time of the day.  Just don't forget your sunglasses and your SPF 5000.  It's still Vegas after all!
Another hangout for me love this place
Las Vegas isn't really the idea place to come to Margaritaville. This place lacks the awesome ambiance that you can find in the Caribbean spots. Drinks are small and expensive, and the food is so-so.

 Would have all been better if they hadn't thrown in a 10% extra tax for the band playing. Listen to a mediocre band, and $9 beers became $10 beers, magically. They expect that you are quite aware of this quirk before you sit down, or else it's a nice little surprise when the receipt comes.
I've been to Margaritaville in Key West. I've been to Margaritaville in Jamaica. 

Hell, I had the distinct honor to do a shot with Jimmy Buffett once. Damn right I'm going to hit this Margaritaville while in Vegas.

I ordered a burger, it was alright. I had two island lagers, they were fine. The bill was a little stupid. There was a cover band playing for about 5 minutes when we sat down for dinner. Because of that, it added another 10% "entertainment" tax to my bill, on top of the regular sales tax. I asked my server that if we had waited 5 minutes, would we still have been charged. She laughed, and shook her head.

Right on. Would have been nice to know that before we sat down. To add insult to injury, they didn't even play any Buffett while we were there. 

If your coming to Margaritaville to break your Buffett cherry for the first time, skip the Las Vegas destination.
The server was super friendly and timely. I got the chicken quesadillas while one friend got the coconut shrimp and another the loaded nachos. The food wasn't that good, it was okay, but the portions are HUGE! So if you've got a good appetite this may be the place for you. 

I also liked the vibe of the place. It was nicely decorated with a beach bum theme. The hosts though, weren't paying any attention and you could easily seat yourself.
Went here April 13, 2013 during the day....It was so much fun! Our server did a great job. We asked him what was the best drink to get and he said the "Perfect Margarita"....and it was perfect....all alcohol and some lime juice. WOW. Loved the music, the atmosphere, and the nachos.

 One of the best parts ( and after drinking 2 Perfect margaritas) was going outside on the balcony and high-fiving people walking by. hahah....
Just went this weekend, always a great time and great food! Our waiter Sean made it even better! Such great service & very nice :-)
I always have a lot of fun at this place. I have been to a lot of the Margaritaville's and this is one of my Fav. I love the Nacho and the drinks. This is a must if you come to vegas.
The nachos were HUGE they were pretty good. The margaritas are really good and have a nice kick.
The price is right. Bring your appetite.

I was on a semi-diet while on spring break in Vegas, so I had the grilled chicken ceasar salad. It was good and filling. One of my friends had the avocado turkey burger, which she said was pretty good. My other friend had the chicken quesadilla. They gave her so much that she gave one slice to me, because my salad didn't fill me up. That's what I get for trying to be on a diet in Vegas.

We tried to order margaritas with the bottle of Corona beer in it, but they said they couldn't serve that much alcohol to one person. Something about a law... We could order the drinks separately, but where's the fun in that? I ended up having ginger ale. They had Coronas. 

Go hungry. Leave happy. The price is right.
The Nachos is really good!!! And it is so so Big good for 2 people try it out. I go back all the time to get the Nachos it is  the best
I'm really glad we decided to dine here. There was a bit of a wait at 6:00 on a Tuesday, but we expected it. After we were seated, our server came over and asked if we wanted to hear the drink specials. After he described the sangria (we are not wine drinkers, so we don't usually order sangria) we ordered a pitcher of it, and it was awesome. Our server was great, and very personable. They have people walking around on stilts making conversation and entertaining people. I thought that was a little odd, but they seemed nice. There was a little show during the dinner where they make the volcano "erupt", and the girl slides into the giant blender. It was fun and cute. 

I ordered the jerk chicken sandwich, and it was great. Great flavor, but a little on the messy side. My partner in crime ordered the diablo burger. To both of us, it seemed a little bland and definitely not spicy. 

Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience.
I am a Vegas local and I had some girlfriends in town for a Bachelorette Party. We waited 40 minutes for our table and once we sat down we were shoved in the back corner where we were unable to enjoy the live band and environment. As people walked through the aisle of our table area, I was repeatedly "bumped" which was very annoying throughout the dinner. We ordered a tower of margarita which tasted like sweet and sour infused with salt. They provided us one shot of extra tequila to share and add to our individual margaritas but the drink was still horrible!!!! Out of 9 women, no one drank more than a few sips of their drink which was a complete waste of $65! We waited a little over an hour for our meals and service was slow! Dinners were mediocre as the burgers had a half a head of iceberg lettuce on top which made it difficult to eat. The turkey club was soggy, drenched in mayonnaise & fries were warm and wilted!

At the end of the meal, my friend argued with the manager for 20 mins and they finally discounted the bill by a small margin! None of us cared for the rude remarks! We all work in professional careers where customer service is number one and that was not the case here! 

We will not be returning to this place!
Fun place, especially for happy hours.  They do make a good margaritta, the servings are very big, especially the nachos.  Hamburgers are good.  
--RibChamp
The very best !!
margarita...WHAT??  give me some!!!
Great food and drinks but we didn't like the staff very much. The waitress, Jeana, was rude and when we set up the reservation for the group the neglected to tell us they could only split it four ways. We needed about eight separate checks so it was a bit of a pain for everyone to figure out who to give money to and share a check with.
Lee is the best!!! Great service even when the place is packed!!! We were a party of 10 at the bar, and never had to ask twice!!!
Great steak fajitas!!! I was super hungry after a night of cocktails & craps..I like the liveband and the decor, we'll def be back next time.
Steak fajitas and margaritas were solid. Next time we are getting one of those monster orders of nachos!
My husband and I got married in May, 2013 at the Garden Gazebo at the Flamingo Hotel, immediately followed by a three hour wedding reception at Margaritaville. We reserved the Clipper Room, which is an enclosed space with it's own bar, restrooms and a balcony, and has a $6000 minimum, which we easily surpassed with our 75 guests. Margaritaville offered many different dinner options, included both plated and buffet, but we chose to go with the buffet. Our original coordinator, Sara Ure, met with us a few months before, but was unavailable the week of the wedding, so Beth Wamsley had to pick up the whole thing, and she did an awesome job! Our manager on duty the night of the reception was Bryan, and he was fabulous! We had multiple guests take a moment to tell us how amazing the service was during our reception. Overall, wonderful. 

For those brides to be looking for details: We got the a la carte buffet (pay per person, per dish, for example the mashed potatoes were $3/person), everything we choose was so delicious - apps were the baked apricot brie (so many compliments), and bacon wrapped shrimp. Dinner was tri tip (perfect, delicious), Caesar salad, chicken and artichoke pasta, mashed potatoes, steamed veggies. For dessert we chose a selection from the a la carte desserts - brownies, fruit tarts, chocolate mousse. It was all awesome. Overall I believe with food, tax, service charge for 75  guests we paid about $8,000. 

They can do different table arrangements in the Clipper Room, and they will put table numbers on the tables for you. You can bring in your seating chart or  board the day before the wedding, and they will put it up for you on a table or easel - so, so helpful, thanks again to Beth for doing that! They will also set up a speaker and microphone for people to give speeches, if you want. We had the system ready to go, but since the music was playing and we don't like speeches much, anyway, we skipped it.
This place was amazing, it had great margaritas and live music bands. This is a great spot on the strip to stop and relax eat some good food with of course great company. I recommend the lava lava shrimp!
Bartenders were awesome, had a great time here. Stood outside watching people walk up and down the main strip. Never had trouble getting a drink, good music and comfortable atmosphere.
Avoid! Avoid! Avoid! Unless you like overpriced bland breakfast for $18 stay away and go somewhere nice! Check yelp before eating anywhere in Nevada! Coffee is shit and the rancheros is fucking slop! AVOID!
Ate lunch here with low expectations since a lot of these celebrity/hollywood themed places turn out sucky.
It actually was pretty good.  I had a shrimp salad and my wife had burger and they both were pretty good.  The margaritas (as you would hope) were very good.
While I wouldn't go out of my way to eat/drink here, its definitely a good place to stop in for a bite while walking the strip.
I hate this place. I hate it because I could be checking out a different restaurant but there I am, always coming back for those freaking nachos! Ok, next time i will try and skip Margaritaville but I won't make any promises!
If I could give this no stars I would but it isn't an option.  Food was mediocre and the prices ridiculous for what you got.  Service was worse.  The menu said it had vegetarian options but all that meant was you pay for the same item minus the meat and you don't get any money taken off for removing the meat.  I ordered the vegetarian taco salad and it was atrocious.  It was a taco bowl that was over cooked and shredded ice berg lettuce, a few shreds of cheese (not even an ounce) and 2 red peppers that were the size of my pinky fingernail.  It was a joke. The service was sub-par at best.  The music is so loud you can't talk to someone sitting next to you and trying to order was challenging at best.  The server can't hear your order and you have to shout at them.  I guess that's why the server never came back to check on us or ask us if we needed anything.  We had to keep flagging down other servers or bus boys to get water refills.  There are better restaurants on the strip that will at least give you better food and service for the same high prices.
PERFECT margaritas!!! Absolutely recommend sitting at the top and people watch the strip. Didn't get a chance to eat from the menu, but will next time! Hip hoppin cool place!
Here's my FAST review:
Food:  Good for the price
Ambiance:  Nice boat theme
Service:  Average, not bad, but not outstanding either
Thought:  (Spoiler Alert) I hope you enjoy music by James Buffett, b/c you will get lots of it! lol
I really enjoyed this restaurant and have been there several times.   This time service was slow slow slow in the bar.  Could have been that we were seated next to a giant party.   Other wise ambiance is fantastic, love the music....the decor.  Service is friendly.   Make a reservation if you can as this place fills up fast!!!!!
I really, really wanted to love it here. It was only okay. We went in on a Friday night at about 10 with a group of 8. The server took forever to take our orders, bring our food, refills, etc. The food was only okay, just warm not hot, when it came to the table. The music was great and it had a terrific vibe. Maybe it was just not our night there.
I love margaritaville! Everytime I come to Vegas I always need to make a stop here. I have never actually sat down and had a meal here, but the bar at the entrance is amazing! Today our experience was more exceptional than usual. We had a bartender named Jon, if you ever come, find him at the bar, he's super friendly, knows all the Vegas hot spots and makes for a super fun experience! I highly recommend this place to anyone. They have great skinny margaritas and an awesome drink called the habana banana (I think thats what it was called!)
This was my first time at Margaritaville. They had cool decor. I thought the boat tables and volcano were cool. We shared the Jamaica Mistaica chicken wings as an appetizer. They were really good! The sauce was tasty, just a little kick - not really spicy at all. I got the fish sandwich - blackened. I wasn't expecting anything great, but there were two big pieces of fish on my sandwich. It was really good, and the seasoning was delicious. My friend ordered the taco salad, and it looked delicious. She said it was. We were both surprised that we were happy and stuffed before even finishing our meals. I would definitely come here again.
This place wasn't bad for a chain restaurant, never been to one of these, wouldn't go back, but it served its purpose in Vegas.  One of those places you go when you fly in and don't get into your hotel until after midnight and don't know your way around the Strip.  We stayed on the strip at Bally's and this place was in the Flamingo.  I'm not a Buffet fan,m so it didn't have my appeal but my lady said they had good margaritas and they did.  WE both had burgers and gotta say, pretty good.  This place was pretty loud and raucous, felt kinda like being at a frat party down south in Tennessee with a cover band cranking out today's biggest hits.  Our tab came to about 52 bucks for two burgers and two drinks total.  The service was surprisingly good for being as loud and crowed and crazy as it was.
My boyfriend and I stopped in to use a $25 dining voucher I got from our hotel--one staff member highly recommended Margaritaville's Seafood Mac & Cheese, so we definitely had to go check it out. 

We ended up splitting the bowl of Mac since neither of us were too hungry...it didn't look like much, but the sauce was super rich (very tasty) and made the dish very filling. This was probably one of the best bowls of mac & cheese I've ever had, and I was sad I couldn't stuff the whole thing in my face. 

I gotta say, I loved the decor...kinda cheesy, but really fun. As a closet country fan, I loved the crap out of the music videos they projected on the wall. 

AND: the best part of our experience...our server Beth B. kicked ass. She was really attentive, very patient in answering all our questions and making sure we had everything we needed, and made us feel really welcome even though I felt like a total cheapskate for paying with a voucher. But we'll definitely be back next time to spend some real money :D
After having spent a couple of months this year in Key West, and having several meals at the original Margaritaville, we had to check out Margaritaville in Vegas. The restaurant is very nice with a fun environment, and great service (thanks Dave T!). We were surprised to find the conch fritters in Vegas much better than in Key West. We will definitely be back.
This is a fun restaurant to visit when in Vegas!    The beach/Caribbean theme is over the top!   The waitstaff is funny.  They had a woman on stilts walking around making great balloon animals.  We ate dinner on the roof top bar.  This section has great views of the strip (Ceasers, part of Ballagio)  We had appetizers and drinks.  They were all good!
It was super hot so my friends & I wanted something cold to cool us down. Decided on the Euphoria Daiquiri. Tried the Mango and the Wild Berry. Mango is sweeter and Wild Berry is more tart for those who like it sour. 

I am a lightweight when it comes to alcohol but I didn't feel much after drinking it so it's safe for you one shot wonders out there :)
We always have to make this one of our stops in Vegas!
This is our favorite spot for drinks on the Strip! The Perfect Margarita is truly perfect (and this is coming from a Texan).  The house margarita is a little sweet and weak, so pay the extra couple bucks and get the Perfect.  The Loaded Landshark is good too.  

 The food is nothing remarkable, and actually my veggie burger was just plain gross.  But the nachos were tasty, and everyone else's salads and sandwiches were fine.  We only had one meal here but came back almost every day for a drink.  Service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere is fun.  Definitely worth stopping in while you're in town!
I have been here a few times, but this review is for my most recent visit. Let me say that I like coming here because of the relaxed and fun atmosphere. I have sat in both the bar area and the restaurant area. Last time I came here, I ordered a burger which was great, and a side Caesar salad which I had to ask the person who brought our food to our table for since it seems like the waitress didn't put it in my order. I was really disappointed with my salad and didn't even really eat it because the lettuce was soggy :-( . I don't know why my salad was like this because I've ordered one every other time I have come here and it has never been gross. Whoever made my salad should have paid better attention to it. Also, our waitress only came to our table twice: once to take our order, and then again to drop off the check. I was disappointed that I never got any refill on my water considering it was over 100 degrees outside that day. I felt like the tables around us were getting such better service. Being a local, it might be weird that I have been here so often, but I'm not sure when I will be back since I really don't like bad service and wilted , soggy lettuce in my salad, yuck!
This review is for the restaurant only. We came here a couple of days ago and were very disappointed, especially for the price. Half the place is under construction so you can't eat and watch people walking on the strip. Everything was way overpriced. For the same prices you could eat at a much nicer place on the strip. I food was unimpressive. The nachos were really big but nothing to write home about taste-wise. Burgers and soup were just ok and again, overpriced. We will not be coming back to this place. Save your money and go somewhere that is worth the cost.
After 20-something trips to Vegas and not visiting this super convenient popular strip
Institution, I finally visited margaritaville in my last stay at Caesars...twice!  Once for breakfast and once for dinner.

For breakfast: I decided to go for the 'griddle combo', which was basically every breakfast food you can imagine on your plate, for $15...French toast and regular toast...in the same meal!...anyways it was a ton of carbs, my over medium eggs came out over (very) hard.  I don't think I would come back here for breakfast, but it did hit the spot after a few too many drinks the night before.

For dinner: I ended up getting a burger for dinner and a margarita on the rocks.  This was a much better meal than the breakfast one and considering we were sitting on a patio overlooking the heart of main part of the strip very reasonably priced.  The margarita was definitely the highlight.  Looking back I probably should've tried something a little more adventurous than a burger (jerk chicken? Seafood Mac & cheese?).
i had so much fun here!!!!! i love the margaritaville slot and casino theme. the dealers were so nice and fun, and it's really a party atmosphere and not like a serious gambling spot. 

i didnt eat here but they DO have a veggie burger (not sure if it's vegan!) but i have to say the drinks are great and it's a fun place to hang out
Great blackened fish sandwich.
You can't go wrong with good tequila and great bartenders!
Loaded Landshark!! great service. Good food. It's a bit pricey but it's Vegas. $19.99 for Tilapia?!?! Thats a bit high.
A great spot for drunk touristas and gullible locals. I have a hard and fast rule; I don't eat at places that allow, much less encourage the patrons to wear balloon hats. They have staff on stilts and the music is obnoxious. That being said, the food isn't bad. Seafood mac and cheese is killer, and who ,does not like a shot of tequila or five? If you don't mi d a circus like atmosphere, drunk touristas, and aren't scared of balloons give it a try. Tell em Jimmy sent you!
This is a nice place inside the Flamingo Hotel on the strip
This place was great. We brought our family here and the food was great. I had the corn and clam chowder soup and it was delicious.  This would be a great place for families visiting Vegas. My kids liked all the cool stuff to look at and the people on stilts walking around who were making balloon hats and figures for them.  One of the best places we went to eat during our visit to Vegas with our family.
Margaritas- uptown top shelf frozen was great! Heard on the rocks is even better. The perfect margarita was fantastic, small but great.

Food appetizers were all good and served a lot of. They don't short change on the portions. Wife ate the coconut shrimp and I had the Monterey chicken sandwich also very good. Service is great as well as cleanliness. If you love Buffet, good food and drinks this is a must do when in Vegas. 

Fins Up!!
We walked the strip for what seemed like hours (only about 10 minutes) and needed something refreshing. He happened upon Margaritaville when a girl handed us and card with drink specials outside so we thought, why not?
We sat in the back and ordered up a few margaritas and pina coladas. Everything was definitely tasty and if I was ever to set foot in here again, I'd want to be sitting in one of those cute little boat tables. 

We came back the next night night to have a few more tasty bevies and my only complaint is, my boyfriend had left his phone on the bar (there was nobody else sitting at or around the bar but us and a bartender behind the bar) we were in deep conversation so he didn't notice till we were about to leave, that his phone was gone. He spoke to the bartender who refused to be any help whatsoever. He wouldn't check the cameras or do anything to help the situation. We were not impressed with this at all and the're only a few directions to point at since the only people in close vicinity was us and the bartender. 

This incident kinda soured me toward these kinds of Vegas establishments.
I HAD to go here for breakfast because it's Margaritaville and where else can you get breakfast at Margaritaville than Vegas?  I had the French Quarter omelet and a margarita.  Toward the end of breakfast service, they restrict seating to the bar and a small dining area.  I sat at the bar and got my drink well before my meal.  There's nothing like getting buzzed before breakfast.  Seriously, the staff was friendly and the food was great.  A must do in Vegas.
Chain in Vegas. Food was OK, service was quick at the bar.
Disappointing. Service not too bad but the "signature" cheeseburger was the disappointment. It wasn't bad, just wasn't good. No taste to it. The waitress wasn't overly concerned, just the usual "Sorry". Not a terrible experience but not a place worth returning to.
If you don't know where to begin to start your "Fun in the Sun" I always recommend my clients and owners Margaritaville. The name itself is Epic!
Every time I go to Las Vegas, I make sure I hit this Margaritaville. This last trip was amazing. We were in a hurry to make a show and our waiter, Danny was top notch. He got our food out to us quickly and accurately and he was warm and friendly. Spectacular!
Received a reply to my first review so, we went back to give Margaritaville another try.  To my surprise they've changed the menu.  So I tried the fried chicken.  My wife got it in Memphis and said it was great.  Still skeptical of my last experience I tried it.  The chicken wasn't dried out and the mashed potatoes were good.  Wouldn't say it was the best chicken i've had but a major step in the right direction.  Still love the lava lava shrimp.
Jimmy Buffett creates an empire on a one hit wonder-Genius!  Parrot Head Heaven.
Went to Margaritaville with some friends on Friday night 8/30.   Food is mediocre.  Atmosphere is expected for this type of establishment.  We had the basic Margaritas on the rocks-a little pricey for mostly margarita mix.  
Had the combo fajitas-so, so.
Shared Volcano Nachos-nothing special.
If you want a party atmosphere with average food at high prices, this is the place.  For serious mexican food and margaritas, there are plenty of other places in Vegas.
Great for kids!

We're on a family trip to Las Vegas with 3 kids (1, 3, & 5) and are always on the lookout for places we can go with them.  We stopped in at 5:30 on a Sunday and it was busy but not packed.  I'd highly recommend the 3rd floor (rooftop) level, they were very accommodating and the kids loved the view.  As it got dark, we could see lots of lights and the Bellagio fountains during some parts of that show.  

WARNING:  The kids meals are enormous.  We easily could've fed all 3 kids with one meal.  

We paid just under $100 for the whole family (that included a margarita for both adults).
On our 1st anniversary trip to Vegas, we checked out Margaritaville located in Flamingo. We had the tacos and flavored margaritas which were nice. It was very festive inside with live music. Had fun. This place is recommended for families with kids
Really not that good. Strong doesn't equal Perfect (Margarita).  Jambalaya okay, not great.  Wait staff going through motions.  Spend your Vegas dollars elsewhere .
My Aunt and Uncle were visiting from out of town and we were thinking of a fun place to take them to. I have been to Margaritaville a few times but it has been about 3 years ago. I thought they would enjoy the atmosphere and the floor show they have with the volcano and the girl sliding down into the big margarita pitcher. Here is a list of my total experience there:
1. Called ahead and got priority seating which worked out good- highly recommend I did ask about the balcony outside but it was closed that night. No problem I thought they will enjoy the floor show

2. Ordered Chicken Caesar Salad- Not very big- soggy crouton and some soggy lettuce chicken was good but not very much.

3. Waited all through dinner to see the floor show(see above).after dinner the lights dimmed the margarita pitcher started to change color and bubble. The volcano started to steam- oh the anticipation!!! Then it stopped- that was it!!!! Asked our waiter who said that the water was bad! What? Very disappointing after talking it up to the relatives!!! 

I don't know when we will be back but I won't order that salad and I will call and ask about the show!
horrible!  $8 drafts!!  ridiculous!
Surprisingly the food was excellent Long with the perfect margarita. Strong and the sandwiches were so big and filling we had a late dinner. Would recommend.
This place is great ! Good food and service. 5 stars and I am under 50 years old!
We are locals and this used to be our favorite restaurant. We had the locals card and would get a discount when we ate at the restaurant. The last time we dined there, I gave my locals card to the waiter when we ordered. At the end of the meal when we got our check I asked for my locals card back. I also noticed we did not receive a discount on the check. The waiter brought the card back CUT UP and told me they no longer accepted it, and that I needed to join the fins up club for special offers through email.  I didn't appreciate that he cut up my card -I would have liked to saved it as a souvenir. I thought that was pretty rude. We haven't gone back And don't plan to.
Great place to come for a gluten free meal on the strip. Full gluten free menu with really good choices. Doesn't feel like you're missing out on a thing! Not to mention the frozen lime margaritas are awesome. Our server was cheerful, attentive and very aware of gluten allergies. She even gave me tips on other gluten free locations in the area. And the manager stopped by to check in with me since I had an allergy. Very good experience.
Eh... Its really cool looking, food is good, a little over priced.. Crappy happy hour.. Its an okay experience.. Waitress was a little overwhelmed and not so happy.. I probably wouldn't go back for there $10 little margaritas.. They weren't bad but I wasn't impressed..
We got to vegas early so we hit up this spot for breakfast. Their crispy French toast is so yummy. It's covered in corn flakes and tastes like a churro. Heavenly! 

Unfortunately, they don't serve nachos until 11am and that was the main reason we went there to eat....so we came back later that afternoon and ordered the nachos that we were told were so amazing. 

3 plates of nachos and two plates of chili cheese fries. In all honesty, I enjoyed the chili cheese fries more than I did the nachos. I found that the tortilla chips were too salty. 

And a word of advice, come hungry or plan to share those plates with friends because they're HUGE!!

Good service, fun atmosphere, food that's pretty good. 4 stars.
Went to Margaritaville again, and this time had the experience that I expect. I had a Caesar salad again and thankfully the lettuce was not bad this time. As always, loved their margaritas.
The food was ok.  It's like your typical beach restaurant.  The one dish that I really liked was their coconut shrimp.  I could gobble up a plate full of that stuff like there's no tomorrow!
Awesome food, atmosphere, and service!  Get there early so you don't have to wait for a table.  So good!
First actual place on our drinking tour (post bachelorette party) of the Boulevard was Margaritaville.

We had originally wanted to sit at one of the bars, but apparently Sunday afternoons while football is on and it's beautiful outside makes for a hard time to get two spots. 

So we got classic margaritas from the small to-go bar, and wandered on our way. It was easy, fresh, quick, and the bartenders were super nice and non-Las Vegasy. 

We chatted in line with a big dude who was talking football and making our drinks extra special. Why hate on the tourist trap (because that's what the restaurant really is), when the tender pours an extra shot in each drink. Sign me up.
We went to Margaritaville for a BIG 50 person get together. We were the second couple to show up when the waitress (Cindy) came up to us and said she would "not serve me" at this table. Since it was already occupied by our friends. She said they already ordered and it was their table. I said thats fine and she left. A few minutes later "Cindy" the waitress came back and again told me I would not be served even after she was told to put everything on friends tab. This time i was not so nice and told her to get a Manager and she left. Well thats when she found out there was a party of 50 coming so she came back Kissing my butt . By this time I had enough and asked for a Manager again. I told her that this was unacceptable and NO ONE should have been refused service like she did to me. I would not take the free beer and for her to get a Manager and to Go Away! Well (Tom, not a Manager) took over the Table and Oh BOY did we get good serves after with (TOM) . He was willing to serve anyone with separate checks. He did it all. Tom saved my night , attitude and really Cindy.

I will tell you one thing. I have NEVER been treated as POORLY as the Waitress (Cindy) treated us. I have also called Margaritaville to report (Cindy) as well.
Margaritaville is a perfect fit for Las Vegas: a loud, tacky, Caribbean-themed bar and restaurant.  Considering what it is and where it is, however, the food, drinks, and prices here aren't too bad-- and the place is actually kinda fun (if you can stomach Jimmy Buffet).

I ordered a Cuban sandwich (roasted pulled pork, ham, mustard, Swiss cheese, and pickles, served with fries: $12.99) and a "Fins to the Left" cocktail (margarita with some blue shit in it, on the rocks: $9.50).  The service was on the slow side, not unexpected considering how busy the place was.  

At one point, the house lights dimmed and thunder, lightning, and other theatrical elements throughout the restaurant announced the beginning of several "live" singing and dancing performances of classic Buffet tunes.  Oh, boy.
To update my issue
I did call Tuesday and was told all Managers were in a Meeting. She took my name and number and promised a call back. Guess what 2 days later and NO CALL Back. There are way to many places in Vegas better then this place. This is the first time I have ever gone out of my way to complain, now I see, why bother. They dont care!
I  was in town for a meeting and group of us was looking for a place we could all have dinner together. The servers at Margaritaville made it happen. They were super friendly and accommodating, especially considering they were dealing with a group of 15 people. The orders were taken and delivered  prompt and efficient manner without sacrificing friendliness or personality. The food was similar to other margaritaville restaurants I've been too. It was consistently ok. Not amazing, not terrible. Just ok. The drinks however, were wonderful.
So with all the places to eat in Vegas, how did this Yelper end up at a chain? Well, let's just say it wasn't my choice :)  We also had some timing issues, as we were about to go to a show.  

    Busy Tuesday night, but we got right in, probably because we didn't care where we sat, which was a good thing, because we were given a table with little to no view of the "show".  But that's what legs are for...standing up and moving to where you CAN see the show.  (something I did, but Husband didn't, which was his loss as it was cute entertainment that involved a gal in a bikini, water, splashing and guys on stilts)

    We were definitely away from the balloon hat guy also.  And away from quick service and drink refills, but not too bad.

    Not starving, we decided to share a Caesar Salad and the Triple Decker Club.  (Husband was in need of something pretty plain).   And that's what we got.  Plain.  The salad tasted like one of those plastic bag "kits" you can buy at the grocery store.  
The sandwich was decent.
A must stop for us every time we're in Vegas.  I always get the Island Lime Cooler and the Stranded on a Sandbar (both are no longer on the drink menu but the bartenders can still make them).  My fiance sticks with his perfect margarita - it's basically a tequilla martini. lol  

Beware the nachos (in a good way)!  They can feed an entire army.  And if that wasn't enough, you can add chicken/steak to them too.  

IMO, the menu lacks some quality and variety, but I mostly come here for the drinks.  

Very disappointed that they no longer do the shows or play videos of Jimmy Buffet concerts.  Boooo.. dropped my rating to a 3 because of this.
Never been to this place, never heard of it. Head of Margaritaville thanks to Jimmy Buffet but I never knew there was a restaurant until I came to Las Vegas. We started off with drinks; I got my wife a "Perfect Margarita" which was very strong on the liquor and the price. Yet, if you can get buzzed off of just one drink than you paid mostly for liquor so I would call it an even trade. I had a Bahama Mama that was fair to midland, I could have done without the drink. I didn't have a lot of hope for the food just by looking at the menu. I ended up ordering the Jambalaya which did not look like Jambalaya that I have seen in photos but it did taste good and I ended up taking the other half home with me to eat later. Since we had a group of 6 we decided to have some chips and salsa (which in my experience you don't get charged for) and they ended up charging it for us so me and my wife along with our drinks spent about $70 together for lunch. I ate for much cheaper in Vegas at other locations. I would not say this place was bad, it is what it is but if I want to get a better deal I will look around if I can.
Huge disappointment.  I've been going to Margaritaville since it opened, taking friends out for the amazing mountain of nachos. Parrot Heads Beware, at 9 PM the extremely loud obnoxious bam bam bam dance music starts, and there is no more conversation. Taking some lawyer friends out for drinks and conversation, it was over when the music started.  You couldn't hear the server, and were yelling across the table to communicate.  Nothing like the terrific bands they had in the past. If the management thinks putting in this obnoxious music will increase business, they need to go out a look at their client demographic.  I will not go back as long as they continue to ruin the Jimmy Buffett atmosphere.  In my view, a horrible business decision.  Dozens of guest around us were all upset at the volume and music choice in this once clearly themed venue.
Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere...

Crazy right? A chain like Margaritaville has great food, great service and a great atmosphere? NO really - if you visit this chain restaurant the hospitality won't disappoint.  

It was our first night in Las Vegas, as were walking around and looking for something to eat we came across Margaritaville.. I wanted to try this when we were in Key West but my hubby wouldn't let us... So I won this argument.. 

We came inside, which had a different seating process. (You visit the hostess, who prints out a name and table, take this to the dinning room, where one of the staff members will seat you) Upon being seated we were greeted warmly by our waiter who took our drink orders and appetizer. Shortly after he arrived with our drink orders and promptly took our dinner order. 

Appetizer: Hot Spinach and Artichoke Dip - this was brought out in a piping-hot plate with warm tortilla chips, and topped with some grated Romano and Parmesan cheese. It was quite good, I couldn't complain because we've had some really crappy spinach and artichoke dips. It was quite flavorful and hot. (they got the basics)

Dinner: We had the Mixed Fajitas (Chicken and Steak) - which came out on a sizzling platter topped with vegetables (onions, carrot, etc), a plate of warm tortillas, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and salsa on the side. THIS MEAL IS BIG ENOUGH FOR TWO - trust me on that ( we didn't even finish it) The great thing about these Fajitas was that the meat and veggies weren't just thrown on the grill and cooked... They were actually seasoned - not overly seasoned but just right.

The waiter was great - I asked him if he knew any hookah bars in the area and he even went and asked other servers and staff (wrote it down on paper and gave it to us) 

Atmosphere: The the atmosphere was great, its a great fun place to visit - they even had a DJ on the stage playing some great songs (mix of both country, hip-hop, and even pop).
A lot going on in this place, if you like action this place is for you. It's like a circus performance in there, literally. Good bar and seating throughout. Don't order the volcano nachos, well below average. The plate lacks substance as I found myself eating mostly chips and cheese. Not worth it.
Always great,

Luv this place!!!
We ate here on 12/10/13. Food was good deal. Huge plate of nachos for 15.99$ pleanty to feed 4 people. Atmosphere was good. Had a live band.

Reason for 3 star is.... 
  #1. Service was decently slow
  #2. My wife is pregnant and she ordered a VIRGIN drink. We both had a drink of hers. It was good but at the end of the meal we got our bill and noticed they charged us for a NON-VIRGIN DRINK.... we were both in a bit of a panic. We asked the server if it was just a mistake on the check. But it was not!!! The server stood there in shock and said " I don't even know what to do" . My wife amongst crying told the server to take it off. Which they did. The server told us that she was sorry and that she couldn't even tell she was pregnant.... It doesn't matter! If someone asks for a VIRGIN drink you better make sure it is!
As a young 20 year old, I love coming here. I've spent several fuzzy nights here eating and drinking. The food I did not enjoy that much, not a big fan of a sesame bun I guess... 

ONE of the reasons I love the place is obviously their relentlessness commitment to Jimmy freakin' Buffet. Everything screams Jimmy Buffet. But that is all obvious, the MAIN reason I come back to this restaurant is because they have one of my favorite places in Vegas.... In the main bar up front there is a fairly small balcony/outdoor area. Its about 3-4 feet above the strip's sidewalk, with a railing to lean on. In my opinion, the best place in Vegas to people watch. Just low enough to see the faces, just high enough so that people wont hit their heads on your beers.


 Some of the best times of my Vegas life have been talking with my friends on that balcony and yelling at pretty girls as they walk by. 

**small tip. Get a Loaded Corona not a Loaded Landshark. Corona bottles have longer necks, fits more tequila.
Fried squeaky cheese. 

It's a saving grace.  I was fairly resistant to coming here, I've seen too much of this kind of thing on Spring Break in the awful parts of Florida and was pretty damn sure the middle aged version would be far worse. But the group prevailed.

Hey.... it's not so bad in here. We found a table where the music wasn't audible, the drinks weren't priced any worse than any other bar and at least here they pour strong, the a/c worked but not too cold, and then the fried cheese curds arrived. Little salty fatty cheesy blobs of Heaven. 

I won't be wasting away here, but I would come back.
A shout out to our awesome waitress, Jennifer Hales, who provided incredible service!  Good food, great ambience, fabulous margaritas!  Highly recommend the margarita flight!  Your fans, the Birthday celebrants from the bay area.  Jennifer, stay away from the whiskey...  :-)
It's Jimmy Buffet all over the place. It's a little much but it's not unusual since it's Las Vegas and it's a very tacky white people type of place. The server was awesome I forgot her name but she was great. We ordered the blender with the Bahama Mama. It's an alternative if you aren't a fan of Margaritas. It's fruity, gives you that island feel and it tastes amazeballs. We split it with a group of friends and it's about 4.5 drinks, give or take. Pretty tasty stuff and I would come back just for that. Can't say anything about food since we just got that drink.
Being a country music fan, this is a place I felt like I needed to visit at one point in my life. I was a little underwhemled with the "crowd" [it was pretty dead] but it was a cold week night so I'll cut them a break. The band was pretty good, but didn't pull any people out onto the dance floor. My friend and I ordered some nachos...pretty freaking good. and huge! Enough to feed like 4 people! She had a drink but wasn't too fond of it. Bar tenders were nice. Hopefully next time I visit, it's much more exciting.
We stopped in here for a meal while in Vegas. The theme and decor are fun. A must visit for any Jimmy Buffett fan! My mom and I split the fish and chips meal. Very tasty! It was a good portion and filled us up. The service was just ok.
Great customer service! After I comment about a bad experience I had with my pregnant wife getting a alcoholic drink instead of virgin like we ordered. The next day I got emails from corporate apologizing for what happen. I was really impressed with our fast and understanding they were.

share the nachos!!!
This is always on my list of places to eat at when in Vegas. Love their Coconut Shrimp! Nachos are great too! Margaritas are delicious! Can't go wrong with eating here! Music can be a tad too loud & it makes it hard to hear the waiter or the people you are dining with but its a fun place to eat at!
Margaritaville is a great place to stop by and drink on the strip. It's actually become our favorite place to pregame.. Basically due to our favorite Bar-tender, Tom. The guy makes a perfect 'Perfect Margarita' and makes me and my sibs feel so welcomed. 
Thanks Tom! Heading to the strip now, see you in a few!
Fine dining? No. Good service and decent food? Absolutely. 

As a Buffet fan, I like the theme and ambiance at Margaritaville. It's just a fun place to have some drinks, listen to some tunes and grab some food if you're so inclined.

Stopped by with some co-workers for a no-fuss, easy dinner at CES this week and Margaritaville hit the right marks.

Our server was really friendly and fast, also quick to fix a miscommunication regarding a side Caesar side salad.

Drinks were cold and plentiful and my Cheeseburger in Paradise hit the spot.
This review is based off only one visit which was for a company holiday party in which we had an entire section to ourselves.  The catering for the event was pretty good, and the employees were constantly coming around with trays of food and serving drinks.  The atmosphere I thoguht was perfect for a party.  We were up on the 2nd level, with seating on the balcony overlooking the strip.  They have several heat lamps to keep people warm during the colder winter hours.  I am not a drinker, but from what everyone else was saying, the drinks were good too.  I feel like this was the best company party location we have had in the 6 years I have been with my current employer, so hopefully we come back again.
Gotta love some Jimmy Buffet and I do, but there is a limit to everything.!  But when on a girls-weekend..its perfect. The nachos are good..believe what you hear. They can feed 4 easy, so order accordingly. I had a ham panini - it was actually one of the best meals I had all week. Kinda of a Cuban panini... tasty. One chick had the Wedge Louie Salad.. she wasnt that impressed. The iceberg didn't look that great. Another had chicken wings, they were a hit. Service was friendly and considering the crowd, speedy enough. The deco is fun and makes you want to go to Florida. The Margaritaville casino is 'cute' but wasn't very busy. The food is solid, well priced for the portions. A good deal on the strip.
I never would have opted to dine at Margaritaville (despite being a Buffet fan), but went with a group and didn't really have a choice in the matter. 

1. The food I ordered was good. I had a fish sandwich and fries and coleslaw. I enjoyed it. 

2. The show that they put on is SO damn hokey that I stared in open-mouthed horror/amazement. It's a good place to take kids; however, it's not my cup of tea. Mostly I felt terrible for the performers who had to put on the show every hour.  The show involves performers on stilts, costumes, singing along, clapping, and a water slide.  And topped off with balloon sculpting (if that's what it's called) hats for select patrons. 

3. We had a friendly server who was patient with dealing with a large group (9 people) for dinner. She did well except for some issues splitting up the bill. 

4. The food and drink prices are pretty high and I'll assume part of that is due to the fact that it's Vegas and most of the food/drink there is costly (in my humble opinion). I thought it was overpriced, but it's Vegas so I'm not surprised or complaining. 

5.  One member of our party had a rare (medium rare, maybe?) cheeseburger and was the unlucky recipient of food poisoning a few hours after we left. There was no doubt that was what it was from. It was not from another restaurant, nor was it the flu. Based on that alone, I have to go with one star.
After ordering a drink that tasted a little funny I returned to the bar and noticed a foul odor and several fruit flies. I looked around and noticed a health code violation.  Drinks were stacked on top of each other and gathering condensation. Trying to be discreet, I told the bartender. He looked at me like I was stupid. I then requested to speak to the manager- this is the kind of thing that will shut a place down! I explained the concern to the manager and he immediately began removing the stacks and agreed with the observation. He then proceeded to wash the glasses over again and place then properly without stacking. Glad they took note of an observation but why do the bar staff not know proper procedure? Yuck! Sorry I had a drink here!
I was not impressed with the menu. been to a few others around the country, but this one seemed to have a lesser menu. Staff is nice, clean place. nice atmosphere. Way too loud. They play music at "club" levels & you can't hear anyone speaking around you.
Every time I am in vegas I stop off to get dinner here at least once. My wife and I went on 1/21/14 and we were not impressed. For the first time ever we left thinking we would have been better off eating somewhere else. We got two orders of wings, one was waaaayyyyy to spicy and the other waaaayyy to sweet. Ive ordered them at least a dozen times but that night neither flavor was very good. The band playing was so-so and we have for sure seen much better there. We found ourselves praying for the music to stop so we could have a conversation. This was the only time we didn't enjoy our time there and Im sure the food was the main issue. I mean heck the better the food the more fun you have and the more you get into the band that's playing. But not that night.
This is the third Margaritaville we have been to...Key west was def. the best (food-wise), but this location had the best entertainment. The nachos are a must at any location! Pretty cool to grab a bite to eat, enjoy the show, then play a hand or two of Blackjack next door.
Awesome place! Kevin is an awesome bartender too, he gave out a few free rounds and he's got some impressive skills.
This is more like 3.5 stars. I love the fun atmosphere at Margaritaville restaurants. This is one of my favorites, and we have been to almost all of them. Great drinks!! Get the Perfect Margarita, but, be careful, you will feel it in the morning. Try Volcano nachos and wings, cannot go wrong. Wasting away indeed in Margaritaville...
I will always make it a point to stop at margaritaville when the opportunity arises! It's a fun place to listen to some jimmy and have a nice frozen drink. 
I had the Havana banana frozen drink and I was in love. It was very filling but so good I couldn't stop sipping!!! Also, they have a dedicated gluten free menu and gluten free buns!! I was excited about that! The service seemed slow and the servers were a bit careless just meandering around but at least we had some island tunes to distract us.
New menu as of December. Big mistakes. Weird combos of sweet and salty on the burgers. Dangerous crack on the wooden plate the quesadilla came on, no idea how they think this is considered safe. It's uncleanable. Can't be washed. Service took forever too. Go elsewhere, or if you must come, go with the $5 tacos. They were good.
I've always been a fan of Jimmy Buffett, so when a few friends suggested we grab some food at Margaritaville, my mouth started to water for a salty rim, full of tequila. However, I was disappointed with this location [I've been to the one in Orlando], for the following reasons.

1. It was packed. Being in the serve industry, I know things get busy and I tend to get annoyed with patrons that bitch and moan about a wait. I wasn't one of those people, but some in my party were. I explained to them the sitch, so they calmed down. After all, we did have a 12 pack to drink, while we waited. 
2. We were seated shorter than our wait time, and brought back towards the bar. It took our server a good 12 minutes to greet us, and by that time we had figured out our orders, as we were just going to split a handful of apps to save a few bucks.
3. The food was meh. I wasn't impressed with the nachos, but did find the wings to be pretty good.
4. Prices were much higher than i've ever seen them...this is vegas of course.

Overall, it wasn't anything special and didn't ooze the typical JB charm. Oh well, we can't win them all.
Play the amazing drinking game we invented. Hang out on the balcony outside the lower bar and take a shot anytime someone runs into the fire hydrant on the sidewalk! And the crab shrimp dip is great!
Very good food and drinks! Went here for lunch and I would recommend trying it. I had the fish tacos with rice and black beans. My table also ordered sweet potato fries as an appetizer. Overall I would come back again for sure.
I am local, and this is one of my most favorite places to bring my out-of-towners. It's in a central location, it's super fun, and the food is great. 

It is usually pretty busy, but with three floors of seating, you'll usually get yourself seated in under 20 minutes. There's plenty to do while you wait: gamble in the Margaritaville casino, check out the gift shop, catch a drink at one of the many bars (try the Landshark "loaded," you won't regret it), play the Ringmaster game, watch the Volcano show (on the hour every hour), or people watch on the balcony outside. For a fantastic view, go upstairs to the 3rd floor. It's not always open, so just ask the staff first. 

They recently revamped their menu with some fantastic offerings. I've tried most everything on the menu, and it's all fantastic. Their burgers are to die for. 100% beef and worth the try! New crab cake sliders are a great snack if you aren't too hungry. Their blended adult drinks...you gotta get one. It's a must, but be warned: as good as they taste, they WILL sneak up on you. My personal favorite is the Havanas and Bananas. 

The show is a little hokey, as one reviewer pointed, out...but that's the entire point! And you don't have to pay for it! At night they have a on-stage DJ that spins appropriate tunes.

The staff really gets into the spirit of the tropics here. They are all very friendly and attentive.
Food was reasonably priced for Strip food. The gimmick is OK. Server was good but seemed like the kitchen was on break. Waited 40mins for 2 entrees. Otherwise, not bad.
Great margaritas, even better nacho platter! 

I'm a local who visits regularly. I love bringing out of towners here. I recommended stopping by and grabbing the nacho platter (it serves like 4-5), and (sometimes) great drink deals.
The nachos are the best, burgers are tasty and the drinks are cold.  It was a blistering hot day so all 6 of us in our party ordered waters to go along with the adult beverages.  The water was awful, tasted like they got it from the pool.  I know this is not the place to go for water but it would've been nice to get a little hydration in before venturing out into 115 degrees.  The waitress couldn't get my order straight for the life of her.  I was the first to order; a draft bud light, a glass of water and a black and bleu burger.  She brought everyone their water, except me. Brought me bottled beer after I asked for draft. The food was served, I didn't get anything.  The food runner had to take my order prior to leaving the table.  No apologies from the waitress for anything just that it would be a few more minutes. I'd come back for the food but not the service.
Margaritaville seemed like the perfect choice after listening to country music for 3 hours while beginning Vegas with your partner in crime from Tennessee. I love my country music, but Margaritaville is a bit outdated. Decor didn't seem all that realistic, and the Volcano wasn't very impressive. 

Food-wise, nothing stood out. Burgers, quesadillas, and the famous mountainous nachos. The nachos are definitely hefty, I'll give you that, but then again you might not want to remember after downing pepto bismol. They have a wide range of margarita flavors, and you can even get the huge souvenir glass, which will only gather dust sitting on that already cluttered shelf at home, for around $35! Yes, it comes with the alcohol, but that just sounds insane to me. Maybe I was still warming up to Vegas prices, but I prefer getting my margaritas from Fat Tuesday, where you can get 48oz of an Everlear concoction for a fraction of that price. More bang for your buck for sure. 

I can only stand so much of watching Jimmy Buffet in concert at the beach, so unfortunately this was a no-go for me. In their defense, I hear it's a lot more lively at night, and there are performers at the restaurant. Otherwise, please skip! There are way too many better restaurants at Vegas! Unless of course you are one of those half naked people at the Jimmy Buffet concert and want to relive those days.
Great atmosphere and even better nachos! Probably the best nachos in Vegas! There is a mountain of chips covered in cheese, nacho cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapeo's and more cheese! Definitely can share between 2-4 people. The service was great and it'll be a staple place for me every time I visit Las Vegas.
The nachos do look amazing but their burgers suck.  Not $15 worth.  You can get a better burger at Dennys.  The atmosphere is fun especially if drinking.  Would come back to try the nachos but not anything else.
Props to our waitress, Marcie, from this past week's visit. She is on point with her drink recommendations. She's spunky, attentive, quick, and funny. Should've stuck with her drink reco's on the second round. Sorry, Marcie!
Had a great dinner here on our first night in Vegas (03/14/14). There was a wait but only because the top, outside area was reserved for a private party, if not I'm sure we would of been seated right away. Place was packed but we waited longer to be seated than to get our food. Fast and good service. Drinks and burgers were delicious!! Ate here again right before kitchen closing time the next day (closes at 1 a.m.) and menu options are limited at that time but still great food. They had an awesome band playing, people dancing and just a great atmosphere.
Great Bar with your usual upgraded bar food.  The food is not 5 star cuisine expertly prepared by a chef that has a manicure and a show on Food Network, but it is actually not that bad.  Margaritaville has amazing drinks, great service, and great atmosphere.  That is why you go here.  You do not really go for the food.  

That would be like visiting Hooters for the wings.
That would be like going to church to pick up chicks.
That would be like going to a funeral to pick up chicks.
That would be like admitting yourself in the hospital for the free tongue depressers.
That would be like drinking whiskey out of a wine glass (you just look stupid).
That would be like going early to a Stones concert and Michael Bolton is the opening act.
That would be like going to a library to practice drums.
That would be like going to a petting zoo on the first date.
That would be like bringing your laptop on a 3 hour cruise.
That would be like shaving your body in the winter.
That would be like getting married when she isn't even mad at you.
That would be like curtain shopping at Bed Bath and Beyond and expecting it not to suck.
That would be like going to Amsterdam and having a job interview with drug test the day after you come home.

....don't expect the food to be mind-blowing, just enjoy the bar atmosphere for what it is.
Gets three stars for the theme and the fact that the volcano show here in Vegas is well over the top of what I have seen in other locations. The food is pretty consistent from location to location -- the nachos are a huge starter and the fish tacos were good enough to make me happy. I really enjoyed the Blueberry Pomegranate Margarita!

On the down side it was the twilight zone at the check in desk. Not friendly at all. Also, the Flamingo itself (where the Margaritaville Casino and Restaurant are housed) needs a good implosion remodel when you compare it to nearly everything else in the immediate area.
Nachos was big and good... good for sharing.. me and my boyfriend shared one but just ate half of it even.. it's like $16
We met my uncle for a late unch at Margaritaville.  It was cute and touristy!  We had the pomegranate margaritas on the rocks. They tasted pretty good, but the glasses they were served in were just plain drinking glasses.  Not impressive for the price.

We had the land shark battered cod, fries and coleslaw.  The cod was AMAZING!!!!!!  Although a bit pricey, it was a huge helping of fish. So good!!!!!  The fries were not very good and the coleslaw had cilantro and lime in it, which sounded interesting, but just tasted weird,   All in all, it is worth an occasional visit.
i love this place, great drinks and food... awesome entreatment
Started off good. Nachos were good. Drinks were good. The food poisoning my mom and I now have from eating there? Not so good. Will not be coming back.
I guess I don't get the Jimmy Buffet lovers.  But, this review is about the food and not him.  Menu selections were good.  Service was friendly but slow. And the grouper sandwich I had was pretty good.  Problem was that I had to listen to Jimmy Buffet music for the entire meal.  I guess I don't get it.
Loved the nachos and chicken Cobb salad.  5 o'clock somewhere was also sting and yummy
Great atmosphere - you will have fun here. There are all sorts of decorations/props from Jimmy's songs that make a true fan really appreciate the experience. The staff is friendly and fun, and just wants you have a good time.

There are a ton of drink options to fit anyone's desires. The food is just okay but most people would probably expect that. If you're a Parrothead, you gotta go.
The nachos are the absolute best. HUGE. As big as they are, the staff does a decent job of making sure that there's enough of the "good stuff" so that you aren't left with just a ton of empty sad chips. Make sure to get an extra side of salsa, there's never enough salsa! Everything else that I have ever gotten here is alright, but the nachos are just wonderful. 

The drinks are strong and delicious. Definitely worth the price. 

The atmosphere is great. So much fun to be had. Unless you really really don't like Jimmy Buffett music.

The wait can be incredibly long for a table though. If you are just looking to grab a drink, they have a counter by the front door.
This place was a reasonable walk from Bally's (so centrally located on the strip). Friendly and fun staff. Cocktails a bit on the pricey side but the food was pretty good and delivered fast for how busy it was. Good place if you're out for a walk and need a good snack.
Live entertainment as we were served beverages it was so much fun one if the best memories we had in Vegas! Jaw dropping!
Margaritas were awesome, but food wasn't very good. I'd give 5 stars for drinks if possible and 2 stars for food. Atmosphere is fun. There was a live band playing when I went. You can't go wrong with a margarita here! As for the food: I ordered the shrimp appetizer which was very buttery and not that great. I also ordered a side salad that only came with lettuce, a few cucumbers, and a couple of tomatoes. My husband got the grilled chicken sandwich with fries. He said he wouldn't order it again.
Well the service started out great. Went to the bar inside the casino. Drinks were great, bartenders lively.... doing little tricks and blowing their whistles. When their star rating dramatically dipped was when we went to the real "bar" where we could order food. Again, service started out great and we ordered some food. 45 minutes passes and our bartender says "let me check on your food" with a wtf where is your food look on his face. He comes back out and says it will be a little bit. In the meantime, people that just sat next to us in both directions got their food within 15 minutes. Needless to say, it took 1.5 hrs to get a burger. Crazy
Ehh....   it's not all that to be honest.

The food is okay, and the atmosphere is so-so compared to other places you could be on the Strip.   The service is great, but on the Strip, you really shouldn't lack in service at all considering the whole place is a hospitality joint.

Typical Margaritaville.  Basically you've been to one, you've been to them all and they're not all that.   If you're a fan of Buffett, and have a desire to visit every one of his restaurants, then I would venture in, but otherwise, it's ehh.

meh.

yup.
Volcano nachos- amazing
Cheeseburger in paradise- amazing
Fish and chips- amazing
Land shark- amazing
Service- amazing
Staff and entertainment- amazing
Atmosphere- amazing


This place was a home run! What an awesome place to eat on the strip, even for locals.
Boy if the walls could talk about my last encounter here.  What happens in Vegas,  stays in Vegas.  Lol. Some friends and I were club hopping all night and finally ended here.  Long story short. 100 yard margaritas,  patron shots, and Heineken chasers. The place is huge. It's very loud. The best time to by o is after 11pm.  You can park at Ballys Hotel or accross the street at Monte Carlo. Whew I had fun for sure. Talk about Hangover 4.
I get it. Judge away. Yes, I was in Vegas and ate at Margaritaville - out of all the thousands of other restos. But the bride-to-be was in charge and wanted 'ritas and queso. 

I'd actually never been to Margaritaville. I will say that the "Perfect Margarita" was good - strong, pure lime juice, agave and semi-guilt free. The queso had nothing on real Texas queso, but the salsa was good. Other menu items weren't too intriguing - they have fish tacos but your only option is beer-battered. I settled on the grilled chicken which was pretty plain Jane. 

I will say the best part of the experience - other than the 'ritas and odd people-watching - was our service from Ryan L. He brought out the drinks fast - even one on the house as he noticed our bride was crying tears of joy - and even split our checks without our party even requesting that. (And that's the only restaurant in Vegas that did it. Not even the top-dollar restos would accommodate.)
Margaritaville is pricey but what do you expect for Vegas? The good thing about it, however, is that the portions are HUGE. Split your meals when you come here and it will make up for the prices. Our server was excellent. He switched out a margarita I ordered for a different drink for free just because I thought it was too sweet and searched endlessly through the TV channels to find exactly what we wanted to watch. I highly recommend this place. Great tasting food, huge portions, and amazing service. Not to mention a nice tropical atmosphere with misters and Palm trees.
The place was hopping on a Sat evening in Las Vegas, but we managed to get a table within 20 minutes. Everyone at the table got hamburgers and we all enjoyed our meals. I also got the key lime pie for dessert, which was delicious. There is a lot of noise in this restaurant making it difficult at times to have a conversation. Every so often, they also put on a fun show with dancing and a young lady dressed in a bikini popping out of a volcano and then sliding down a water slide into a big margarita glass filled with water! Maybe not the best place for younger kids but we all had a good time.
Mmm, you can almost taste the mediocrity!

Went here on Cinco de Mayo because we had to have margaritas and we were able to score a seat on the upper deck, which I thought was nice until they told us they couldn't put up the umbrellas due to wind so that we baked in the unrelenting Vegas sun.

Ordered overpriced margaritas in tiny plastic cups filled with ice as well as a shrimp appetizer that came with exactly 5 1/2 shrimp.

For my entre, I ordered the shrimp trio which was about Red Lobster quality at twice the price ($25).  I did like the spicy sauce with the coconut shrimp, though.  

Service from the waitress was nice but they have a line to stand in if you want a table upstairs, only it's not marked and the lady who was seating people wouldn't tell people where to go, so people would come upstairs and then stand at the front of the line in front of people who had been waiting 20 minutes.  It was comical to watch.

I'm not the target demographic for this joint so take my review with a shaker of salt.  I equate Jimmy Buffet to the Ethan Hawke character in the film "Reality Bites" and regard each with disdain, so that may color my opinion.
Funny reading the below review from the same day that I went (Cinco De Mayo) because my experience was the complete opposite! LOL! MAN! Did we have a blast visiting Margaritaville! I'd say if that Bill T. guy was partying at the 5 O'clock Somewhere Bar with us than he would of for sure had fun too! This location is HUGE so I can see how you would get different service depending on where you sit. Also Billy the Bartender made the experience much more enjoyable.

We pretty much walked into the first Mexican themed place that we saw which just so happen to be Margaritaville. Sat down at the bar and were immediately greeted by the bartender Billy. His energy is off the wall! Brought out the energy in us! LOL! Of course we ended up partying with the people we were sitting next to which became 1 big party. Awesome atmosphere. Almost every person that I saw hanging out in there had a huge smile!

Billy the Bartender suggested we try the FRYCHOS basically nachos but with Fries, which weren't anywhere on the menu but I was able to request for it from the kitchen for the same price! They were the BOMB! Def hit the spot for my hang over! We also ordered shrimp skewers that weren't the best & very overpriced. 

The drinks were tasty buuuut more so STRONG!

All the staff I came across was outstanding!

Thank you Margaritaville & Billy for showing us an awesome Cinco De Mayo! We definitely will be back to party again!! :)
Not a place for large groups.  Took a group here (75 plus people) and service was unprepared and seemingly inexperienced with serving large groups.  Also no good place to pull a bus up to for group dropoff and pickup.  Rough and awkward experience...won't be coming back.
I love the deck upstairs for lunch but this time in Vegas we came here late evening on Cinqo de Mayo and sat at the bar. The volcano nachos and a Landshark were calling my name. We were hungry as we only had apps at Ra Sushi and skipped dinner. It was the perfect late night snack and we devoured the huge nacho tower. Please don't share the calorie count with me- as what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas and those nachos helped absorb the alcohol so I would feel like new in the morning.
This was my fourth time swinging by Margaritaville and I'm sad to say I think this place is heading downhill.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and remembered our orders but the food was horrible.  Absolutely horrible. Please bear in mind that I was with a party of six and everything, even the salad wasn't up to par, especially considering the fact that they've raised all their prices.  I believe I had ordered a Bahama Momma drink which I thought was pretty good but all the other drinks that were ordered lacked alcohol and tasted too much like sugar.  Anyways its right on the strip so I don't believe they'll go out of business but it's just a little sad to report this because I used to truly enjoying coming to Margaritaville while visiting Vegas.
Been coming here since the place opened.  Ok, only two or three times a year on my visits to make deposits to the casino banks.  The Cheeseburger in Paradise is my favorite, but the steak salad is close.  For those who love onion rings - look no further -theirs are the best.  Since my drinking days are over, can't comment on that, but the food and the service, and the FUN! are exception.  Great videos, great volcano show, not to mention the dcor (some may not like it), but I really enjoy the sportfishing 'boat' as well as Jimmy's giant amphib flying over the restaurant.  First saw JB in concert in 1976, so I might be a little biased, lol!
I love this place it's a staple of Las Vegas to me. They have strong margaritas and a very fun atmosphere in addition to casino. The food is decent however a bit pricey for what it is. Overall a very good experience!
Definitely a great place to hang out and grab a bite to eat with some friends. I had the jambalaya, it was very good. Also the volcano nachos were great. Just watch out, the portions are large.
Drinks were really good. The food not worth the trip...(Crab & Corn Chowder, Seafood Mac & Cheese - Bad; Fish Taco's very average).  Atmosphere fun.  And, service was average.
Slower service, but the food and atmosphere provide a fun experience.
Needed a relaxing dinner so we went to margerittavillle. It was REALLLY good food. Good sandwiches! Sat in bar, not very fast service . The nachos are huge! We also had taco salad which I suggest for smaller group of people who may want nachos.
Ultimate Margaritas is necessary. Ultimate Nachos is necessary. That's all you need here.
Wow!
If you are a Parrothead such as myself, you will love the way they have the place decorated. And you will understand what some of the dongs and other artifacts stand for. It was like going home...to Margaritville. The food isn't give-star cuisine. Just good decent selection of a Parrotheads favorites.
Stop by and enjoy the adventure.
Great atmosphere,  reasonably priced drinks, bartender hooked it up in the tequila & sprite drink
We had a group reservation but when we got there it took about 10-15 minutes before we got in. I think they were unsure whether we would show up. I guess in Vegas that might be fair. This was the only downside to the meal.

The food and drinks were brought out very quickly. We had a show to get to and we had drinks and dinner for 12 people in less than an hour. They didn't rush on that account though. We never brought that to the waiter's attention.

The food portions were large and very tasty. I was very impressed with the quality of food. This will definitely be on my radar for future trips.
Margaritaville is connected to the Flamingo Hilton and opens up right out onto the Strip. Obviously their theme is anything beach and Jimmy Buffet related. It's actually pretty neat on the inside. There's a section of booths that looks like the back of fishing boats. Their music is pumping for the party that's usually going on on their balcony most nights. Not terrible but it's a little distracting. Their margarita menu is large and the two we tried were well mixed. There was a lot of tequila but it didn't detract from the taste. That being said, the alcohol content did sneak up on us and we felt a little tipsy after one drink. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Next we had their chicken volcano nachos. This thing was huge and was clearly meant to serve more than two people. We picked at the plate for almost an hour and still had to take some of it back to our room. Admittedly after the drinks and appetizer we were done so we didn't have any dinner items. If you've never been I'd say give it a try. It's an expierience. However I don't think anyone would be clamoring to get back for another visit.
TERRIBLE eating experience, I couldn't even hear myself think let alone my waiter talking to me (which he barely did) because the music is SO loud in there! Not even a fun loud! Took an hour to get our food, and my steak was completely raw when it got to me. I would not recommend this to anyone. The decorations are the only interesting thing about this place.
good food, good drinks, good location, good view. good music! Convenient location in the middle of the Strip. Wait for a table on the 3rd floor deck - the view of the Strip is worth it.
Was just in Vegas again last month & I figured I'd write a review since they changed the menu recently. New menu is a little smaller, and isn't exactly as pescatarian/ vegetarian friendly as it used to be. They took off some of the pasta dishes and mushroom burger. I mostly come here for the drink and atmosphere so I made do. I ordered the caesar salad with no chicken, which was pretty good! Good dressing and the top it with fried onions - yum! It adds a nice texture to an otherwise boring dish. I do eat fish, so I also ordered a crab cake and the fish tacos at a different meal. The crab cakes were alright, but being from New England, they just don't compare. But, I would order them again if I were in the mood for one. The fish tacos were great, although I wish they offered the option of grilled fish instead of deep fried as I'm not a big fan of fried food, but they were still really good and I'd definitely order them on our next trip! 

They have expanded the seating and now have open air seating overlooking the Quad. I prefer to sit upstairs, but it's a nice alternative when the upstairs desk is closed. 

I highly recommend the 5 O'Clock Somewhere and the Perfect Margarita (the perfect margarita is loaded with alcohol though...in the desert heat I became dehydrated and lightheaded very quickly after drinking a couple of these in the span of a few hours.....be sure to ask for a water with it!)

They used to do a pretty good breakfast, but it looks like they aren't doing it anymore (?) Too bad - we definitely would have gone! 

Definitely a place to stop at least once on your Vegas trip, even if just for a drink and the atmosphere. If you go at night, they have live music. It's really loud, so don't plan on having a conversation with your group, but it's great if you want to go dance without going to a club.
Pros: Fun atmosphere and decor, Jeff D was a fantastic server.

Cons/Average: Food. We had chips & salsa, veggie burger with sweet potato fries, and tacos. They weren't terrible, but they weren't spectacular either.

If you're going out to eat for good quality food rather than a fun experience, probably best to skip this place.
so because Danielle did such a great job last time with the frozen margaritas that i had to go again on this trip. she was still there & provided excellent service & drinks again.
Never have I been to a Margaritaville before. I wasn't sure what to expect. 

Cons first: 
Packed, but is that really a con?  It's Vegas on the strip, what isn't packed. We sat at one of the many bars so we didn't have to wait. 

Pros:
Delicious!!  We didn't get anything I would categorize as special, just some club sandwiches and fries. Oh my goodness!!  They were amazing!  
Our server was attentive and friendly. 
It was entertaining with the skits they put on every hour or so I guess.  
Clean and appropriate decor. 

Overall I'd list it as a win in vegas.
Finally getting around to writing the review, ate here awhile ago.  Experience was great.  Ahh, that smell inside, reminds you of a beach.  Hostess was great, asked if we could sit on rooftop for a great view of the strip -no issues.  They have water misting outside leaving you cool during the summer evening.  

We ate on a Sunday, so no wait to eat, also, we may have gone before peak hours.  I ordered landshark (jimmy Buff beer) and my lady ordered the blender margarita, was expensive, but worth it (according to her).  Both of us got the signature burgers, plenty of food to go around.

Would definitely eat here again, would recommend the outdoor section that overlooks the strip.  I cannot speak for what experience you may have eating inside, but outside was extremely nice.  Waitress was great
Only good was the entertainment...ordered beach favorites which was 2 tacos,  so I got carne asada...TOO SALTY!! And it's cold!! I love tacos and this is very commercialized kind of tacos...if ur looking for authentic tacos avoid this place. Also ordered corn and crab chowder, they must have tons of salt in the back coz it was freaking salty too!! Had to order chips and salsa coz I didn't want to eat salt for dinner.
Food was delicious, a little pricey but to be fair most restaurants in Vegas are overpriced and the portions are more than fair. We look forward to going there again.
I got the volcano nachos and those were great, shared with 4 other people and we got full. They had a special for tequila shots so we all had a mango tequila shot which went down smooth and was actually good. The food is pricey so if you want to spend at least like $15 on food then go for it. You can share if you would like. We parked at the linq parking lot.
Came here one night with my hubby. We drank margaritas. The night started out with people singing karaoke, but once people stopped going up the karaoke host rocked it. It was a lot of fun!
Margaritaville las vegas...what can I say. Their menu is creative and fun. The dishes are served hot and fresh and while some may not expect great food I feel most would be pleased. The real treat here is the atmosphere.  Just an all around fun place to be with lots of entertainment: whether the on site entertainers, the wait staff or your fellow diners. The key word is fun. In a city where most are working in hospitality to make a buck the staff here seem to enjoy their jobs but honestly you will find that all over vegas. Margaritaville serves a good time with great tasting food and an experience you are unlikely to forget. The best experience is to go with friends but my wife and a I went last night and had a blast. We may just pop in for the volcano nachos!....probably mentioned in other reviews so I won't be Labour the point...but I will let you know if we managed to finish them!
Good service. Had the Lava Nachos with the wife. The plate is huge and could possibly feed a small family of 4. We couldn't finish it. Service was good. Pretty loud with live music. We also got a margarita and we were expecting more than the Solo cup-sized drink we got - disappointed considering the massive margaritas available everywhere else.
Disappointed!
Its the 4th of July and we had repurchased 8 seats together at a table on the balcony to watch the fireworks. We were sent wristbands and a confirmation. We arrived before dark and... Our table was given away! Did I mention my son and now daughter in-law  had there wedding this morning. 
Such a hassle, they made accommodations by settings up a table in a weird place and smiling a lot but really the mood was off. 
Memories last a lifetime and I was hoping this would of been a good one.
I just have one word to say... "Expensive!" Food isn't that great, service is good and their Saturday night band is pretty good also.
Still awesome! The daytime band was amazing and we had a great time! The nachos again were too much food and so so good! I can't wait to try and get back here every weekend! We love the food, beer, and atmosphere!
Atmosphere is great.  Margaritas are strong - especially Patron.  Recommend sharing the Volcano Nachos - they are HUGE.  4 people and there were more left.  Packed with jalapeos, guacamole, and cheese.  A meal in itself and it looked like an actual volcano.  Awesome+++++
I can't knock it for anything.  My fish tacos where awesome and the dcor is cool and nautical.  Our waitress Tabitha was attentive, on point, and friendly.  The music was great and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  I highly recommend eating here or just having a drink to soak in the atmosphere.  Soooo COOL!
Horrible experience!!! We went in around 11pm, when they were only serving their late night menu. We were told to seat ourselves, so we headed to a table right in the middle of the restaurant, next to, two other full tables.

We waited 15 minutes, no one came to our table, we watched 3 other servers walk by. After having to go ask someone up front to get our server, finally our server came by and got our order.. with no apology for the wait.

We ordered a burger and wings. Our burger came out wrong. Our server never came back to check on us.. so we pushed the burger to the edge of the table. Finally another 20 minutes later, he came by and asked how things were..

After we told him everything that we were mad about, he never apologized or asked if he could do anything to fix it. Just said he would comp our bill, and walked away!!!
It isn't horrible, and the open air is nice.  The food is standard.  We came here for Caribbean music and conch fritters and they had neither.  They had old guy rock and lots of carby foods that just aren't my taste.  

The unionized waiters wearing their commie looking union pins were distraction from the laid back, beach feel I had hoped for.  

Won't be back.  But it wasn't tragic.  Just a general waste of a night in Vegas.
The margaritas were awful!! Tasted like all sugar and no alcohol. They charged $11 for essentially a non alcoholic margarita. They had like 4 dinner items on their menu so don't come here trying to eat dinner. Server was rude when we asked if they could add more alcohol since it was to sugary to even drink. They get 1 star because there was live music.
I have dined at Margaritaville twice now since I have gone to Vegas, and each time gets better. My only complain is that on Thursday night when my husband and I went all they were serving was burgers, being Vegan this was just not going to work. I can work with Vegetarian options but in this case I had no choice. Boo, that sucked. But we did return and I am glad we did! On Sunday afternoon, my husband and I head to eat around 3pm we were seated right away and within the minute the server came to get our drinks. She recommend a Peach & Raspberry Margarita in the Souvenir Blender which we went ahead and got. It was SO good! Highly highly recommend, it is not on the Menu but it should be! I got the Veggie Burger with Fries and my husband got a steak with shrimp. The food was super super good! It was totally worth going back, after my minor upset days before. Another plus was they had a live band! The music was nice, and my son started dancing in his high chair. The manager came over and asked if she could take him on stage! We agreed, and she walked him up the stage and he had his dance with the singer/guitarist. It was really nice. As always I love Margaritaville it is a must go when you go to Vegas the customer service is great the whole staff was friendly and made the experience great. The food is super good, and the drinks are amazing. Having live music is such a plus, it is nice they play music any way but live music makes it better. I also love the decor very very under the sea type of atmosphere. A must go! Highly recommend :D
Atmosphere is fun and inviting. Was very busy when I went and was seated in 20 min. Great service, great energy. This place does NOT skimp on the drinks. Had one drink an was feelin it. Service was good but could be faster. That's why it gets 4 stars. But entertainment was fun and music keeps the restaurant together it feels like.good playlist. Will be back here!
Short version: long wait, mediocre food, good service, overly sweet margaritas, and a band that were so loud conversation was impossible.  If you're here for a bachelor party where you're happy to get drunk and scream yourself hoarse, then it's probably fine... but not my idea of a good dining experience.
Boy, I REALLY wanted to like this place... But what a shitty experience! 

We were seated quickly, which was expected because it was a late Sunday night and there was only 3 of us. I know it's Vegas, but it wasn't poppin' or anything. We were seated by the window, which normally would be fine, but the AC was on full blast directly at us. It was nice for about 2 minutes, then we were all freezing.

We waited 10 minutes before seeing our waiter, which shouldn't have happened seeing as they were slow (and not understaffed). We ordered waters and said we'd need just another minute with the menus. About 5 minutes later, our waiter brought the waters. At this time, we asked to move to a table not under the AC. He pointed to a table and said once it was clean, we could move over there, and he walked away. A few minutes later, we moved ourselves over. 

It took 15 minutes before our new waiter stopped by. Again, not okay. We ordered dinner and an appetizer. The appetizer came promptly, and we were told the food would take about 30 minutes because I had ordered a steak (cooked well), which is understandable.

Finally we got our food, over 45 MINUTES later. I went to take my first bite of mashed potatoes and just about lost my appetite.... I FOUND A HAIR. Gross. 

At this point, my mom was pissed. She asked to see the manager. He came over and was very kind (wish I would have gotten his name). He apologized multiple times and said he'd have the kitchen rush me a new one (after making sure that's what I'd like to happen). 20 minutes later, I got a new steak and sides. (Funny how it came twice as fast that time....) 

I was super disappointed, though. The steak was not good. I know Margaritaville isn't a steakhouse, but for $26.99 you'd think they could cook a decent New York Strip. 

The ONLY redeeming factor at this place was the manager. He even took my dish off of the bill. 

Definitely don't recommend going and won't be back! Bummer!
Meh. Nachos and wings were okay. Had a virgin margarita which was good. Quesadillas were average. The atmosphere is fun though!
We had a lot of fun at this restaurant. The food was great, our waiter was very nice and the restaurant had a lot of theme going on to make it stand out. I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.
As a major Parrothead I love coming to Vegas as it's usually for a concert.  A large venue that's well done, even better with the new stret bar allowing breeze and more views.  Staff are friendly and provide a good time with the same menu standard across the chain.

You can never go wrong with the Cheeseburger, of course, but there are a lot of great other options.  Shrimp, ahi, nachos, are all quite nice.  The fajitas are not that great, but that's okay.  It's really the experience you are there for in the first place.

I always recommend the "Perfect Margarita", why waste time, it's Perfect!
So we went here twice on our recent visit.  First time was for lunch.  The waiter was super knowledgeable about gluten free offerings.  He even knew which flavor margarita's were gluten free!   This was a fantastic experience.  It was also mid day on a weekday.  Our second trip was for dinner on a Thursday.  This was a completely different experience all together.  We sat at the bar to avoid a long wait for a table.  Our server took our order and brought us drinks and then vanished on his break.  We saw runners bring food out and not able to figure out who's it was.  They then asked the bartender and he put the food on his back shelf and there it sat...I don't know how long b/c it was still there when we left.  Our food took FOREVER to come out.   When it did, it was a cold mushy mess.   SO my advice is skip it for dinner, but definitely do lunch here.
I have never met anyone more friendly than Tina.  She would not accept a tip, and another woman (who was watching American Idol there... and who is a regular) said that trying to sneak her a tip is pointless- she tried it once and Tina accidentally threw the money out.  There is also a 2-for-1 coupon in the PHX entertainment book... so take it, see if you can hang with the sheet covered couches, and give this place a shot.  Also ask Tina if she is planning any more special events -- for Valentine's Day 2007 she had dancers and a buffet for $30 a couple.
Tina makes you feel like a member of her family the first time you go there.  I regret I didn't go there sooner but didn't know anyone in the area to go with and was inhibited to go by myself--boy was I wrong!  She made me feel right at home, came over to talk with me every chance she got, and mother-henned me till I left even though I'm older than her!  She was supposed to close about 10 but we hung out talking and watching TV till about 11:30pm!  Such a delightful person--a real asset to Chandler.  

The food is delicious--very flavorful without being too spicy for the average person.  If you're vegetarian there are plenty of veggie dishes to fill you up. I loved that I had leftovers to take home and enjoy the next day.  

I forgot to mention this is often a one-woman show. Tina is the hostess who welcomes you, the waitress who takes your order, the cook and busboy.  I don't know how she does it all but she does!  

The injera bread and Ethiopian tea are both delicious, by the way.  I'm back in San Diego now but hope to see her on my next trip to Chandler.
Tina's is a unique experience ... I have been telling all my friends about it!  

The cafe is set up with cozy conversation nooks ... which are usually scooped up by the "regulars".  There are some picnic style tables where you might invite others to join you ... making for some very interesting conversation and meeting new folks. :-) 

The first time we went we met someone who happened to be a piano student of a friend of mine!!  How strange is that? We also visited with Tina's husband who is as cordial as TIna.  Visiting Tina's Ethiopian is like visiting a friend's home.  The food is great and the atmosphere is very cordial.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!
So, i was really looking forward going there and was all excited and all. We drive up there, and find this little place squeezed between like auto repair and welding shop. No big deal, best gems are hidden right?

We go inside to find this dude just sitting on the middle of one of two rooms reading newspaper. For a second i was dazed and thought we accidentally walked into someones house. But no this was right place, it just seems/feels like someone else's house. 

So, dude told us to grab some dinky table and wait, and got back to his undoubtfully exciting newspaper. Humm, ok, wait we shall, gives us a minute to look around. Hey, what do you know! It totally is like someone home -A little dirty, a little old, mismatched furniture around, pizza boxes on the counter, shaky table, some people you not sure weather they there to fix stuff or they belong. Alright, whatever.

Finally this lady shows up and hands us some menus. We pick a few thing and off she goes. About 20 min later something shows up. Did we order two of same? No, we surely did not. Hummm starnge.

Anyhow, it was bland and uninteresting. Nothing special about it. Place was kinda dirty, as i said. Service .... well there was really no service to speak of.

I suppose if you like this kind of establishments, it might be for you. But if i wanna sit in the dinky kitchen and eat boring food i can just head out to my Mother-in-Law. We surely aint coming back there.

"Its great! NOT!"

Eugene

PS: Whomever it was had absolutely no reservations taking my tip. Just FYI.
I'll give 5 stars for the overall experience.
Walking into Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is like walking into someones living room. And you might actually be. The setting is conducive to conversation- within your own group or with everyone else in the restaurant. We prefer to sit in the mismatched lazyboys.
My first time at Tina's, the hubski and I crashed with four other friends. Tina bought out a sampler of almost everything she offers. There really is no need for a menu in her living room. We all enjoyed spiced hot black tea and ate until we were all stuffed. She came out and scolded us for not finishing our food, "Do you know how hard it is to cook this?"
While my buddy Kevin tried to explain to her that we were not insulting her food, and that we were actually full, I stuffed my mouth with everything left on the plate in a very unlady-like fashion. Hey- I come from a Russian Jewish family and I have learned that food tastes better than guilt.
After dinner, Tina offered us slices of "real NY cheesecake", which I don't think she usually has there. When we got the bill, it was $35 each. For 6 of us. Total.
Since I read a review stating that Tina does not accept tips, we dropped $30 per couple...

AND RAN to our cars before she could stop us.

We've been back many times since. I think she has learned to accept tips. Sometimes the food is a 5, sometimes its a 4, but it always satisfies. And the price? Well, Tina's cooking is cheaper than mine at home. Nice.
I tried three different times to go to Tina's--something I had really looked forward to when I returned to Chandler--but found the place closed all three times.  This was a new location across the street from the original one and looked totally different inside when I looked thru the window.  Finally, on the third try on my last day in  town, I went into the bar next door to ask the lady bartender if she had any info.  To my great disappointment she said it was closed for good.  What a shame!  Tina--If you're out there and read this get in touch with me and let me know if you ever re-open!
*********Original location closed. The new one has the window's papered and a sign that reads Chili Billy's coming soon.*********
We went for the grand-opening at her new Gilbert location. This is the essence of casual dining- you walk in and you feel like you've entered someone's home. It's a sit wherever attitude, with a "hey how are you doing!" like you've known Tina and her staff for years. 

The menu isn't huge so it's easy to decide what to have- and if you can't decide, get the combo platter so you can have a little of many things. Everything is also fresh. Tina came out and talked to everyone, and told us that she doesn't like to freeze her food, so you will have fresh ingredients each time you visit. It's also made to order, so don't be in a rush. It's completely worth the wait. Our drinks stayed full and the decor contains many conversation pieces. 

The flavors in the beef and chicken were amazing, and the bread had an extra-sour taste to it which was an excellent compliment to the meal. 

I will go visit Tina again very soon!

PS- They don't have a sign up yet, so for now if you look for the China Bistro sign that's where Tina's is. Go. Eat!
http://www.groupon.com/deals/tinas-ethiopian-cafe?fb_ref=anonymous&fb_source=profile_multiline

omg, tina's is open again... new location:
Cooper Marketplace
785 W Warner Rd., Suite 103 
Gilbert, Arizona 85233 

get your groupons now!

i used to be a regular here, best food and company in town!
Had my first visit to Tina's today after picking up a "dinner for two" groupon deal that offered a $26 meal for $13. It was a mixed, but good overall experience.

For those who don't know, Tina's just reopened in a new location. It's on the SE corner of Warner and Cooper. The restaurant doesn't even have signage yet - it says "Chinese Cuisine" above the entrance. 

When we arrived, there was only one other couple in the restaurant. We were greeted casually by Tina, who told us to sit anywhere. Seating and decor were sparse; traditional music was playing in the background. We took a seat in one of the booths along the wall. The restaurant smelled a bit like the Cigar shop next door.

After a few minutes, Tina came over to introduce herself and take our order. We were offered menus, but since we were there on the groupon deal, we knew we were getting the House Watt Combo - a combo platter of meat and vegetarian dishes served over a thin, spongy, sour bread.

After a short wait, our meal arrived. It looked fantastic - a beautiful mix of color and texture. Tina explained every dish and gave us a quick lesson on how to eat it. (Pick up the food with the bread and enjoy). There were slow-cooked meat/sauce dishes, chickpeas prepared a couple of different ways, collard greens, a chicken wing, and a mixed green salad.

It seemed like each dish was better than the last, making it very hard to pick a favorite. Some were spicy, others smokey. In the middle of the platter was a tart, spicy salad that was amazing. The slow-cooked chicken wing in sauce fell off the bone and was super tender and flavorful. As an Ethiopian food noob, all the flavors were completely new to me and I enjoyed them all.

So, why was the experience "mixed"? Actually, it wasn't really for me - I appreciate informal, no-frills places. But in the end, the service was very hit or miss... Tina either hovered and chatted for a several minutes or was non-existent. There was no in between. Also, since Ethiopian food is traditionally eaten with your hands, there were no utensils - which was fine - but there were no napkins available or offered. That was a bit of an inconvenience. 

My recommendation: Go to Tina's strictly for the food. It's a very casual, non-traditional dining experience, so check your service expectations at the door and you're sure to be pleased. The food is worth any shortcomings in the service. 

You're not likely to leave Tina's feeling pampered, but you will be full and happy.
We were a fan of Tina's when it was on AZ Avenue so were very happy to see her reopen at the SE Corner of Warner and Cooper.  We were there on one of the first weekends she was open, so they are still working through the glitches.  The location is quite a bit smaller than the old location, and the ambiance is that of a Subway restaurant, but the food was as good as I remember it.  We took our 8 year old there and she also enjoyed the food.  We will definitely go back.  At present they do not serve alcohol (don't know if that is in the plans), but I did see a couple folks bring in bottles of wine.   Highly recommended for the food!
Do you enjoy eating food from different cultures? The owner of this place is Ethiopian, and you will get to know her if you eat there..... she is wonderful. She is very sweet and you will begin to understand Ethiopian culture simply by chatting with her. She cooks all of this food herself and she told us the bread takes a few days to make. She does hang around and talk quite a bit to custormers, which is part of the charm of the place. The restaurant itself  is small, but nicely decorated in a fun way. Brightly painted walls adorned with African artwork makes you feel as though you are in someone's home. 

We got a vegan platter for two and it was wonderful. There were a few different lentil dishes and a salad served with Ethiopian bread that you use almost like a tortilla to pick up bites of your food. You don't use silverware, which is difficult when you are used to using a fork to eat. It was messy. You can bring your own wine to this place if you would like to. 

My only suggestion would be for this restaurant to offer silverware to guests. It was a little tough eating the food without it. 

Will I go back?  YES
I am trying to like Tina's Ethiopian. Love the concept; small business, great food..... I will give it one more try at least. Tina seems like a character! 

First impression: Walk in the door and get greeted with "Do you have a Groupon"? Well, no, I don't, but now I  feel badly about it. We had a delicious lunch for cheap and were delighted. Met Tina, who told me next time, to bang on the back door if it looks like she is closed, she will feed me". 

Time two, had a meal that was half the food for a third more the price. Lots of bread. The sign on the door says closed at 1:30. But we walked in anyway (rather than bang on the back door) The website says open until 3pm for lunch. This is quintessential Tina. I'm trying.......

This restaurant is closed. The location is now a Thai place....
This was my first time trying Ethiopian food.  We let the owner customize a plate for us.  Very flavorful!  The owner was extremely personable and nice.  If I'm in the area I wouldn't mind stopping by again.
Really good Ethiopian food. Atmosphere lacks but don't come here for atmosphere!!

This review is for their new location.
Tina's is now in Gilbert on the southeast corner of Cooper and Warner. Tina informed us that she's still working on the sign, so don't expect to spot it from the road (it's next to Blew Smoke Cigars if you need a hint). We loved Tina's. We set out to order the combo plate for two and Tina told us, no one order would be fine for lunch :) She was correct it was a lot of food.  It was delicious and well prepared. Tina chatted with us for a while and that was fun. We'll return.
What a delightful experience! Tina prepared our food, served us, and even brought extras of my favorite dish free of charge. We had a  Groupon which she happily accepted, and asked us to tell her if we thought the service was too slow (she must read the reviews). Service was actually prompt.  Will most definitely return.
I didn't even get to try the food, which sounds delicious, because I was left literally standing in the rain. I bought the Groupon and was super excited to go. First, my friends and I could not find it because their sign says Chinese Bistro, so we drove by it several times (it was also pouring rain making it even more difficult to see). By the time we found it, it was 8:05. Tina's closes at 8 (on a Saturday night?). We got out in the rain and stood at the window looking in. There were people eating and the staff saw us, but they just ignored us as we stood outside in the rain because it was 5 minutes after 8. This really makes me not want to go back. I wanted to love this place as I love small local restaurants, but I felt so unwelcome, I'm not sure I'll go back, even with my Groupon.
Very homey and you definitely get authentic Ethiopian food here.  

Ethiopian music videos play in the background and books on Ethiopian culture are at each table.

Honestly, I've had better Ethiopian food in Chicago, IL and in Berkeley, CA...but this is the best Ethiopian I've had in the Mesa/Chandler area of Arizona.
This is one of my very favorite restaurants in the whole world!!!! Tina is the sweetest proprietor and friendliest chef you'll ever meet- so friendly that like many others have said here, it doesn't feel like going to a restaurant- more like going to a friend's house. Except that this friend happens to always be down to cook you amazing slammin' Ethiopian food for super-cheap. Who wouldn't want to visit that friend all the time?

If you want to impress your date by spending a lot of money in a dark intimate setting, this is not the place. But I'd rather have amazing food, reasonable prices and a casual family atmosphere in a small business that remembers me, any day. Tina sits down and chats with me when it's slow, or introduces me to other regulars. What other restaurant does that? Tina is awesome, and we isolated Americans have a lot to learn from her.
good and plentiful portions in  comfortable setting.  Lalibellas in Tempe is just a little better.  However, when in Gilbert, this is the only option for good ethoipian.
Would love to try this place but since they close so early (8pm) I need to do take-out as to not keep the place open later.  Unfortunately, I've called them on 4 separate occasions and have yet to have someone actually answer the phone.  I only get the recording.  This is beyond frustrating as I'd love to try it, as I'm a huge fan of Ethiopian food and am very excited about it's addition to Gilbert.  It appears they don't really need, nor want the business though.  So until they learn how to operate a business with customers in mind... 1 star.  I understand they may be busy, but then offer online ordering on the website, put a message on the voicemail, hire a helper during busy hours... or don't, and continue to lose customers.  It's not unreasonable to call a business during it's business hours, and expect an answer, at least by the second try.
I would like to try this place, but they are unresponsive to customers.  It seems that they tried to advertise with Groupon, and then didn't actually like it when customers tried to redeem their Groupons.

--Did not answer the phone repeatedly
--Actually spoke to her once, and she told me to text her.  I texted, got no reply.
--Showed up at the restaurant at 4:30PM on a Saturday, and the doors were locked.  No answer to knocking or calling the phone.  
--Other customers were outside, waiting.  One couple actually had a 4PM reservation, and was still waiting outside nearly an hour later.

Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is not treating their customers with respect, and this is unacceptable.
Had to update my review. Second trip here was awful. Tina did not even ask us what we wanted. We did the combo plate that is normally $20 and it was cold and bad.

Service girl was very weird and made us uncomfortable by standing over us watching us eat.
I have honestly never, EVER been treated so poorly at a restaurant before. It must be nice to be Benjie M., who gave the place 5 stars and said Tina was sweet and friendly, because to me, Tina was one of the rudest people I've ever met. I had a Groupon, and so my boyfriend and I went in February on a Saturday night. We got there about 7:30. When we walked in the door, Tina was socializing with friends. When she saw us, she rolled her eyes and said, "ARE YOU SERIOUS?! We closed like an HOUR AGO." Confused, I pointed out that their sign says that the last seating is at 8, and it was only 7:30. She told me that she didn't care and she'd decided to close early. We complained that the Groupon we had expired soon, and we wouldn't be able to come back before the expiration date. Tina sneeringly said, "Well didn't you see the SIGN?" as she pointed out a small, hand written sign that all Groupons would be extended until March 28th. Disappointed, hungry, and a bit shaken by being spoken to so rudely, we left.

Last night, we decided to come back and use that Groupon. We even made sure to get there nice and early, at 6. They were open, and we were seated. However, when we mentioned the Groupon this time, Tina said, "Oh that expired a long time ago." I reminded her of the sign she had had up saying that the Groupons would be extended until March 28th. She proceeded to give us a rambling, condescending lecture, basically amounting to the fact that she changed her mind, and refused to honor it.

Needless to say, I really don't appreciate being treated like trash, and will never be coming back here again. If you want Ethiopian food, I'd recommend the Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. Better menu selection, delicious food, pleasant staff, and comparable prices.
I always told myself that I would go to a local restaurant at least a couple times before giving a bad review, and I tried to go to this place 2 times so here you go. 

After working with a few Ethiopian restaurants in Atlanta on their marketing, I thought it was high time I try out an Ethiopian restaurant myself since I've never been, so when this Groupon popped up I thought perfect! 

As things with expiration dates go, I ended up trying to use this on the day it expired, a Monday, presidents day. Since the time I bought it I've moved away from Gilbert so we made a special trip out here to eat here, and invited my cousin and her husband to join us (even more potential customers, with 2 full paying customers!). 

I tried calling several times since the Groupon mentioned to call ahead, and I wanted to verify the times they were open but nobody ever answered. The recording did say their place was not open on holiday's, but since this is a restaurant and not a bank, I figure a restaurant would be open on presidents day. Apparently Ethiopia celebrates the American presidents now because when the 4 of us pulled up the place was closed. 

To double up on what Marissa said in her review, they did have a sign on the door saying they will accept Groupons until a date in March, I can't remember the exact date but I figure we would just come back and ended up going to San Tan Brewery (read my review for a great dining experience). 

Here is where things go even more south, I called to see how long again they will take that Groupon, Tina answers and starts complaining to me about Groupon, how I had all this time to use it and how she is not taking them anymore. I told her she had a sign on the door and I just wanted to know the date she will take them to. I JUST WANTED TO TRY SOME ETHIOPIAN FOOD!! I said I'd be happy to use just the value I purchased ($13) not the full amount it was good for (a full dinner for 2). She actually has no choice, businesses in Arizona are required to accept the purchase price since it's considered a gift certificate, but not the "groupon" deal. Either way she seemed to lighten up and said just come on in and she'll accept it. 

So that brings me to my 2nd attempt to eat here last Friday, March 23rd. We arrived shortly after 7:00 pm and were relived to see it was open. After walking in, we stood around for a few minutes until this little girl (as in 5 year old) walked into the back (presumably to tell whoever was working back there that people are here), out came someone (not Tina) who proceeded to tell us they were closed. I said I don't understand, there are people eating, the front door was open, it's 7pm on a Friday, but he said they were out of some ingredient and are closed now. 

So that was the last straw. After my 3 experiences with this place, how I was treated over the phone, how they seem to open whenever they want and not accommodate any bit of consideration to their customers, here is my first 1 star review for a restaurant.
I stopped in here today and sampled the food and atmosphere. The owner (Tina, obviously) is one of the sweetest people I've ever met. The restaurant is small and cozy and eclectically decorated. 

The food - now, I've never really eaten Ethiopian food. Tina had to kind of give me a quick instruction on it. She put the plate down and my first instinct was to take a photo (and now I wish I had) - it was beautiful. She explained that she makes her own bread - it's a special sort of bread that's almost like a cross between pancake and a European fluffy/spongy crumpet. Next to it is a smaller plate filled with sauce and meat and vegetables. 

It looked a little messy, so I looked around for silverware. Silver-where? What? No silverware? I'm sure she had some, but she said I should eat with my fingers and told me how it works - using the bread to scoop up the meat and sauce. I had a bite of spicy chicken - OMG so good! Then I tried the ground beef - also OMG amazing!

I took some home for my girlfriend who didn't even wait until I got inside the house - she met me in the garage and scarfed down a bunch of it. She also thought it was delicious. We're definitely going to have dinner here soon. 

I noticed a bunch of low reviews here and for the most part they are from people who didn't actually eat there or that bought an online coupon deal. I'm not going to bad mouth any daily deal site (sometimes they can help put a business on the map), but I can tell you that for a small business like this, it can be financially devastating doing a coupon or daily deal like this. 

Restaurant owners are asked to sell something for half price and then only get to keep half of that. It's safe to assume they lose money every time they do one. Also, they don't see any money from it for months. Also, the coupon customers often only show up someplace when there's a coupon involved. Restaurant owners aren't coached on how to get these customers to come back in to pay full price. 

And then to try to use an expired coupon and trash a tiny independent restaurant online when they won't accept it anymore - that's even more bad news for the restaurant owner. It just doesn't seem fair. I don't know. It seems like the opposite of supporting local to me. 

This restaurant is cute and charming and the owner is awesome. The food is incredible, and I'm a super picky eater who won't eat anything. I'm a fan of Ethiopian now. Can't wait to go back.
I never thought I would say that Ethiopian food is my favorite food but a few years ago I met a woman from Ethiopia who introduced me to the cuisine.  Over the years we parted ways but my love for the food was still there! Now anytime I am craving the earthy hearty vegetarian wat and injera I just head over to Tina's. Not only is the food great Tina herself is lovely and always willing to answer any questions I have. Sometimes the wait is a little long but it is totally worth it!
I am ecstatic that this place re-opened! Tina's feels like going to eat at your mom's house. The food is great, the atmosphere is friendly and it might as well be free considering what you get for your money. I took a first timer to Ethiopian food and he said he's going to be a regular there from now on. I can't wait to go back myself.

I guess one could complain that things are not the most organized, but that makes it almost more endearing to me. To those negative reviewers who say they appreciate small businesses I suggest you give it another chance with an open mind.
UPDATE: Someone (who just joined Yelp btw) sent me an extremely abusive email via Yelp re: my negative review. Whoever this person is, firstly, doesnt speak/write english properly, and secondly, makes threats that are ridiculous (I.e Tina will kick my ass if I ever went back to her cafe?!) Are you kidding me?! First of all, i will never ever go back there, unless I'm needed by the Health Dept. to testify against this establishment, and second, don't ever threaten me, especially when I'm giving my honest opinion. Have you heard of freedom of speech? Sounds like Tina has a posse, but that is all she'll ever have when she loses her business due to dubious business practices! 

Hands down, absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had. We only stayed because we were already there, and I had purchased a Groupon, wow what a waste. We sat down, and weren't even acknowledged for at least 10min. Then, the menus came about 20min later. So, about 30min of total wasted time. Maybe they were hoping we would read the disgustingly dirty book that was on the table on Ethiopia? It's a great idea, until you realize it's not practical at all for a restaurant. Forget that our copy was from 1964. I'm sure even Ethiopia has changed since then. 

Moving on to the ambiance/decor. Absolutely, disgusting and dirty. It's old, owner's kids were playing in and out of the kitchen (hello??), the kids' high chair (which was a regular high chair, not a restaurant style) was so disgusting, I had no idea what to do with my baby. 

Food. OMG. The amount of food you get is meager. I'm not kidding. It's a tiny little portion, probably about 3 tablespoons? It came out cold and it looked like someone had thrown it up. I had ordered the biggest plate that combined most of the foods (which by the way, there are only 15 on the menu, and they were out of 4 of them), and my husband had ordered his own plate. After we patiently waited for the food, the server (who had no idea what was going on) came out and asked us if it's ok for them to put my husband's order on my plate. What? Why? But we said "fine" b/c frankly, we wanted to just leave! In any case, the amount of my food was reduced by what my husband's food took up as space, which is not much, believe me. The quality of the food was just subpar. Cold, not tasty and lacking in meat.The "bread" was wet and sour, and I don't believe that's how ethiopian bread is. Some entries were beef and chicken, but you wouldn't have known it if it wasn't indicated on the menu. There were probably 2-3 TINY pieces of chicken/beef over all, I'm not kidding. (I wonder if it's b/c I told them we had a Groupon in advance, and they just gave us a tiny amount of cold food with no apparent presence of meat.) 

Service was just horrible, and the girl (was she the owner, or maybe the owner's daughter?) who waited on us at first, had no people or service skills. The boy who came in late apparently, was out second server, and he mentioned it was his second day, so he had absolutely no idea what to do. It was so sad to watch, really. The woman was just awkward. I wondered if there was something behind the scenes (in the kitchen) we weren't aware of, that was making the people working there completely incapacited. I also thought that if this restaurant can survive, anyone can be in the restaurant business apparently. 

I have traveled a lot, and am open to and love other cultures (I, myself, am not American), but this was by far not a tolerable or pleasant experience in any way. Looking at their website, you would think they are a well-established and clean business  but make no mistake, they are absolutely not. I am actually surprised they are still operating, and have a license. My husband and I wondered how long they will stay open, he gave them a month (but I have no idea how long they've been open for already.) Either way, we will NEVER ever go back there and waste another dollar. Please don't waste your money.
the first time I had Ethiopian food was at Tina's ehiopian cafe in 2000. It was just delicious. When I moved to Tucson i missed her food. No other restaurant comes close to her food. I try to visit whenever I go to Chandler. The quality of her food is excellent.
If you think the service and food is bad, just wait until you write a bad review for this disgusting, dirty poor excuse of a restaurant. My boyfriend and I gave it try because of a groupon he had purchased, and like many others that attempted to redeem it...they treated us like we were trash. I don't think they understand the concept of coupons, otherwise they would have tried to make more of an effort. The fact of the matter is, businesses use coupons and promotions to gain a regular population of customers and bring in revenue...but here at Tina's, they use it as a scam. Well it worked, my boyfriend bought the groupon and Tina's found a reason why we couldn't use it EVERY time we tried to use it. They also have little children working there so maybe they should be checked out concerning child labor laws. My boyfriend has been getting harassed non-stop for giving his honest experience with this business on yelp, not only over yelp messaging but by text message also (apparently their business phone is a cell phone and when he called to make sure the messages were from an employee they saved his number after cussing him out). They continue to be unprofessionally vulgar with the language, threatening and were very racist in their messages (calling him a dirty mexican--when he's not even hispanic) which is UNACCEPTABLE. I am ready to hear the racist and demeaning words they have for me, but I think the world should know how disgusting this place is. DO NOT SUPPORT BUSINESSES LIKE THIS, THEY SHOULD NOT GET AWAY WITH TREATING PEOPLE WITH SUCH A LACK OF RESPECT. There are so many other well-deserving, hard working, personable businesses/restaurants that deserve your time and money. And please believe me, when I get the treats and disrespectful messages because of this review it is going straight to the yelp offices and all over the internet.

Oh and btw, the person harassing us is an employee there and has written a five star review, so I wouldn't trust any of the good reviews on here. This place needs to get shut down.
Just got this message from one of the owners (their review is under Jestin M.) 

this is me one of the owner of Tina's cafe.  you are obviously a poor idiot who is miserable in life.  If you have a nerve, you should've tell your complaint to us instead of crying out on yelp.  We have so many flowers and will continue doing great. Tina will bit the fack out of you if you come and let her know who you are.  ASS HOLE. Go back to your Mexico and eat corn with your whore mother.  by the way, your picture looks like a a guy who is infected with some kinds of disease.   Your women is ugly as you btw (lol)

So after this I personally called and spoke with a manager, they confirmed Jestin works there. Even though I was being cordial with my tone and trying to be helpful in saying that this was my experience, maybe others are experiencing the same thing and that can help fix the problem, they proceeded to say a few things I wont retype here and hung up. 

I responded back and so did they. If you want to read that here is a screen shot of that: 
http://i.imgur.com/PvcBz.jpg

So it was not enough for them to say that message. They just texted me this right now (since I called with my cell). 

"You keep mentioning 5yrs old about your stupid compain, we will report your info to be investigated if you are a child melester. Tina has a right not serve you for the safty of our customer. Take your little 10 dollar to mcdonald's. Lol"

Here is a screen shot of the text I just got from the business phone number:
http://i.imgur.com/6j55D.png

So if you feel like this is a place you would like to try out after reading this, by all means take your chances.
Apparently, the staff here is even worse than I thought. I, like several others, have now received extremely abusive and lewd messages from someone who is confirmed to work at Tina's, and by their own account, is part of the management. Unless you care to be treated like trash, called awful names, harassed, and threatened, I suggest you find someplace else to eat.
Very yummy food. I loved the chickpea dish, as well as the cabbage with potatoes, carrots and other veggies. A mistake in the order was taken care of no questions asked, and we even got extra veggie dishes to take home with the extra injera bread, as well as Ethiopian iced tea on the house. We used a Groupon with no problem. The service was friendly and welcoming. We will be back.
Tina needs to get a dose of reality. After I was harassed and verbally abused for leaving a negative review, Tina responded to it as well (my original review). Note to to you, Tina: our Groupon was NOT expired! So I'm not sure what your rant was about. In any case, I was really hoping this awful experience will be just left alone, but it seems like Tina and her workers can't get pass the reality of the situation, and the fact that there may be some customers who enjoy the disgusting atmosphere and undercooked and cold food, but there are also many, like me, who didn't enjoy anything about this (so called) restaurant, and will never go back! Newsflash to you, Tina&Co...This is no way to conduct business and it never be acceptable, here in the U.S. If these abusive tactics work in Ethiopia, they certainly do not here and will get you business shut down sooner than you can send another nasty email. I actually feel sorry for you b/c you seem to have fooled a lot of people with your what it seems to be a very bi-polar attitude. If you ever contact me again, whether is by sending me another unacceptable and harassing email, or by responding in an abusive way, I will contact a few of the authorities that might want to look into your business (health Dept, the police), in addition to contacting some TV stations..believe me, this will be a good story for them! You are lucky I haven't done this yet b/c make no mistake, I am relentless if I want to get something done.
Tina, instead of harassing people, try spending your time on improving and building your business (if that's even possible.) You are the most unprofessional business owner I have ever encountered. You accuse people who give your cafe negative reviews of things that are not only true, but preposterous (yes, look it up.) You claim to have all these supporters (true or not) but by judging how you abuse people, you may not have many to speak of soon..especially when they realize that you have kids working at your low-rate establishment. I can only feel sorry for you and your business. 

To all the people who are thinking about going to this place: spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere. There are so many small businesses who will treat you right and make your money spent well worth it. This "cafe" is not one of them. If you do end up going there, and happen to write a negative review, brace yourselves for a string of abusive and harassing replies to your review. 

To Tina: spend your time on your business, not on harassing people. Maybe you can even see a therapist, you seem to have a lot of issues (disconnect from reality, lying, anger, inability to take criticism and improve, consistent defamation of other honest people..should I go on?!) You are a sad excuse for a small business owner, and it's people like you who give a bad rep to your country.
Highly recomend Tina's. Great food and more great food! Service is the best and Tina always makes me us feel as if we are part of her family. I've been coming to Tina's for about a year now (3 or 4 times a month) lunch or dinner.
I highly recomend.
Once more, thank you Tina, btw my girls wanted to come see you tonight, I'll bring them next week.
Thx: GABE

Ps. I can't wait to try your coffee.
I first must start by giving kudos to the service at Tina's. 
It is a very good cultural experience where you don't have to travel far and feel as if you are in another country, the bread "teff" is amazing, and all those awesome flavors make this experience amazing.
I highly recomend their food and their service "you will feel like a family member".
Thank you.
Food = mehh, service = subpar, what else is there to say? 
Save your money. You'll be happy you did.

I know i'm asking for Tina to stalk and insult me on Yelp by posting this bad review, but Tina, the truth shall set you free. You can choose to accept it and change your restaurant's operating policies, or you can ignore everyone and struggle to make things work.
We had a delightful early dinner on Saturday at Tina's!  The food was fantastic and we loved the laid back family atmostphere.  My daughter was with a friend and I and even she loved the food.  We spent quite a while having the unique experience of conversation and learning of this culture!  We all three cant wait to go back for yumminess and a warm atmosphere!  thanks Tina!
I posted this on Google, but I had such a bad experience I felt people on Yelp needed to know as well. The comments I saw about other people being stalked by Tina after posting negative reviews do not improve my impression of this restaurant, but thankfully that has not happened to me, yet.

We had a groupon to come here, but will not be going back.

As we walked in the door at 6 p.m., the store was empty, the staff was sitting around, and they rudely told us we needed to make a reservation to eat here. A stupid policy for an empty restaurant, I think, and if all else had been good I might have excused this annoying oddity. At least they didn't require us to go outside and call in a reservation on our cell phone. They gradually got off their butts and went to the kitchen, while leaving pizza boxes from their meal strewn about the restaurant. Finally, a server, a girl who looked to be about 13 came over to us and asked us, "So.... what do you guys... like... want, I guess?" We ordered, I asked for a coke, but when she came back with a tiny bottle that would be way too expensive, I sent it back. 

After about 45 minutes, our food finally came. It was ok, decent for Ethiopian standards, but one dish was too dry. One of the dishes we ordered never came, so we asked for them to send it out to us to take home, which took another great while. When the bill came, we were charged for the coke as well as one of the dishes twice, so we needed to sort that out, which took another chunk of time. 

The service by the staff the whole time was carried out with great annoyance, as if we should be grateful to them that they deigned to serve us at all. The service we received is frankly inexcusable. Others that have gone there told us that this must have been an exceptionally bad night, but admitted the service wasn't exactly fantastic most of the time either.

If you really want to eat some good Ethiopian food with decent service, take the drive to tempe.
This is not Cafe Lalibela or even close. I was so excited to have Ethiopian food so close. I Grabbed a take out sampler to go. No one was in there and when I got home I threw away most of it because of a bad smell. I am no stranger to Ethiopian food and this was really not good.
So Tina moved locations and I've tried twice to get in.
I'd love to eat here, but 2 Friday nights in a row no one answers the phone there and both Fridays they've had a private party. So I'm not too sure that I'll waste another drive over there.
Our norm is Cafe Lalibela, but it's a drive, so this was nice and close. oh well
WOW! The food was great! the only problem with this place is that it is dirty!!! so if you do not mind that and love food... then this is the place to be.. The chicken Shawarma(not the sandwich) was delicious... and there lamb is exceptional!!!!! The place is always full of hungry Somalians and Ethiopians... and that my friends is a sign that should tell you that this place has yummy food!!!!
Juba Red Sea & Mediterranean Cuisine is a truly amazing place. 

You just have to get past the location which is a bit daunting located in a very crowded strip center with many African and Somali shops. Plus more than half the cars parked in the lot were taxicabs. I went after work to meet some friends as we had heard a lot about this place as it serves goat! 

We enjoyed some good hummus and pitas as we waited to order. We were disappointed to discover that they only serve goat at lunch time and usually run out by 2-3pm so you have to reserve it for dinner. Oh, well another time. They were also out of the Somali iced tea which I had wanted to try. So water was fine. We ordered an order a couple orders of Sanbusas, which are a deep fried pastries filled with ground beef and Somali spices, kind of like an Indian samosas. Comes with two but are large to share and more than enough for 3-4 people. 

We ordered Chicken Sukhaar which is served with basmati rice that has been flavored with cardamom and cinnamon, and other spices I can't name. Mixed Kabob plate which of the three the chicken kabob was the best. We also ordered the loin of lamb which was excellent, fish which was OK and the best dish was the meat and naan dish which I'm not even sure of it's name. But it was this wonderful marinated beef (maybe called Beef Sukhaar) which was chopped up with onions, tomatoes and spices with strips of naan that I thought were noodles topped up with this wonderful sour cream sauce. It was amazing. We also got the naan sandwich which had the same meeting fillings wrapped in naan like a wrap. Delish! 

Best of all they had this spicy green sauce sitting on the table that we put on everything. We ordered way too much food - each dish would feed 2-3 people and we ordered 8 dishes for 8 people! So we all took take home boxes to eat the next day. Plus with tip and tax it was $13 per person! A truly amazing deal. 

So give this place a try as it's worth the time it takes to find a parking spot.
The only reason we ended up here was because Sonic wasn't open on Christmas Day.  We spotted a bunch of African cabbies in a parking lot so we parked and explored our options.  Most went into Juba so we did too.

The place was a big dingy so we opted for takeout.  Greek salad, falafels, king fish, Lamb shank, Mediterranean appetizers. But the owner came to the market to find us and tell us they didn't have any more falafels. We changed to Lamb kabob and chicken kabobs.

Everything came with fresh lettuce and tomatoes. The best was the rice which was seasoned with cardamom and raisins and other spices.  The worst was the hummus and falafel in the appetizer plate.  I ate a chicken kabob in pita which was quite good.  The meat was still juicy and the dressing was just right.

I would order everything except the appetizer plate.
We had plans to check out Juba after a baseball game, had purchased a restaurant.com certificate. On the certificate the street address was listed incorrectly so I had called in to double check. I could not really understand what the man on the line was saying and he did not come off very friendly but my boyfriend insisted we try it out.
We finally found the restaurant tucked in a strip mall of various other Somalia stores and Subway.

This place is a total hole in the wall and if you can get past the weird odor - the food isn't half bad. As others have mentioned, it is also dirty - and it is...

We did not try anything too crazy off the menu (such as goat) but we ordered their sanbusa, gyro sandwich and gyro salad. They used plenty of greens and veggies in the salad and the sanbusa's were delicious. 
Service was SLOW and at times other patrons would come in and they would all speak so loudly it was easy to be distracted or have your attention drawn to them.

It is something I could say I tried, not sure I would go back but definitely worth checking out once. Plus their prices are so cheap, we couldn't/didn't even use the restaurant.com certificate.
The iced tea is the best I've ever had. It has little clove flowers floating in it. I had the lamb shank on my first visit. It was very tender (but it was too fatty for me), the rice was "eh".

I came back a second time for the iced tea, of course. The service was exceptionally slow. We waited about 40 minutes for the waitress to come back for refills, even though it wasn't busy in the slightest. However, she was  very sweet.

Round two I had the #13, the Ethiopian something (see attached photo). It had eggs, and beef, and spinach and red sauce all on a spongy bread. It covered the entire plate and the leftovers will feed me for another two days.

As people mentioned before the place was kind of dirty and there were lots of loud cab drivers, but neither one of those things seemed to particularly bother me.
If it weren't for the tea this place would probaby have gotten 2 stars.  Kinda dirty, just ok food...  Although maybe something not as safe as the chicken and my experience may have been totally different.  We will probably never know though.
When we pulled into the parking lot, I got really excited.  The menu got me even more excited.  Eating here took me back to my time in Kenya and Tanzania, goat meat, ugali, chipatis, heavenly!  The food was really good, although be ready to share, the portions are huge.  We had the hummus platter, goat meat, Ugali, Samosas and other items that I'm forgetting at the moment.  The service was great, people were friendly and we had a great time.  Looking forward to going back.
I was looking for Tariq's and found Juba's (with recommendation of Somali taxi driver in parking lot).  I did not find it to be dirty, but it was a bit basic in decor.  However, the food is that north African stuff that I love, and the people were very friendly.  And yes, for dinner, they were out of goat meat.  I'll go back for lunch, and get it next time.
It's a strip mall hole in the wall and the place was pretty run down, but the food was tasty.  Haven't had too much African food (just Ethiopian) before, so this was a fun new experience. Had the lamb shank with chipati flat bread. Very tender. There's this spicy sauce they keep on the tables in yellow mustard squirt bottles. Don't know what was in it, but it was really good on my lamb. Also, had samosas and tried my boyfriend's chicken dish mixed with flat bread strips. Forgot the name. Those were both really good. The samosas weren't like Indian samosas. Reminded me of Filipino beef empanadas with a flakier crust. The ice tea was really good. It was like a mix of chai and hibiscus tea. Maybe a bit to sweet, but I wish I took it to go because it was almost addicting. Yum.
Juba is a great restaurant! This is the kind of place where if the food is good (which it is) you look past the decor and the dirt - I've eaten here at least 5 times and never gotten sick. There are other restaurants likes this - Da Vang, other ethnic places. Just don't use the bathroom.

We (husband & I) first went here on a restaurant.com coupon. We ordered a few different things and tried to get up to the coupon price, but couldn't because they are so cheap. Their iced tea is amazing - anise stars in the iced tea - I never would have thought that would be good. We loved the Sukhaar - the taste being kind of southwestern (to give you an idea). We ordered chapati with the meal instead of rice (love chapati!) and they took $2 off the bill for each order! On another visit, we had the rice and it was really good. When we go now, one orders chapati and the other rice, and we share - or we get an extra order of chapati, because we love it! 

The staff is friendly, helpful when you ask questions. Being open minded helps.  Paying at the counter will save you lots of time.
Strip mall, taxi cab armada parked out front, not knowing exactly what your getting into. That is fine dining hole in the wall style. 

Basically that sums up of the reviews of Juba on Yelp. But I wanted to throw in my two cents because I now have a new favorite place to eat near my new apartment. While I never tried to ice tea, I was glad that I read up on this place on Yelp before going just so that I dont come off as a Sudanese restaurant noob. Since I knew not to ask for lamb at dinner (since they run out around 3) and that they will be out of your first pick so have a second one lined up when your order. All of which happened when I went to Juba. 

I went with the exotic sounding "Number 10" which turned out to look like Sudanese hamburger helper but tasted nothing like that crap in the box with the talking oven mitt. Huge portion of "rice pasta" (still not sure if misprint or what) covered in a delicious red sauce with chicken and vegetables. Oh and it was served in a Texas sized portion so I had plenty for leftovers. My dad had the lamb shank. Which was tasty but a little too fatty for this fat kid. But the rice and the bread were amazing and the owner who was hilarious. When asked if he took credit cards he said (and I quote) "Of course I do, this is America!!!" (image a small Sudanese man channeling his inner Broadway diva with a smile to boot). And it was cheap like wicked cheap. Plus when we went there was a soccer game (I mean, football match). And the place was filled with Newcastle fans from Sudan. Which was just great hearing trash talk in a language you don't hear often. I am guessing they were Newcastle fans since that is the only word I understood. Though since I don't know Arabic, Newcastle could mean something incredibly dirty that one should not say to a loved one. So take your pick. 

Anyway, go to Juba. Try the food and enjoy because not many places in America have a local "Sudanese place". So you better feel lucky that you do, Phoenix.
I  worked with Africans in KC and ate a lot of their great food.  This is the best.  I LOVED it.  Tastey and worth the trip from Ahwatukee.  Seriously, if you want great taste go for it.  It doesn't get any better from Africa.
There are some restaurants that are almost a substitute for traveling to another country, and Juba is definitely one of those.  It's located in a rather shady looking strip mall (it's next door to Friction Massage, for example) in what is apparently the Somali neighborhood of Phoenix. We spent a bit over an hour eating lunch and we were the only people eating in the restaurant who weren't cab drivers (at least 10 ate while we were there).  Also, as my wife pointed out, she was the only women we saw in the area not wearing a burka or headscarf. 

There's no atmosphere to speak of, and a TV played Somali news the whole time (the cab drivers were all glued to it).  Service was good and our waitress was friendly and helpful, even bringing us a sample of one of the dishes when we asked her what it was. 

The menu is a mix of Somali, Ethiopian, and typical Mediterranean food.  We got both Somali and Mediterranean dishes and everything tasted good. I got the goat in the spirit of experimentation.  It's definitely not my favorite but that's saying more about the nature of goat than it is about the food here. The sample our waitress brought was of some sort of polenta-like dish that was really tasty and interesting.  I honestly can't remember what our other dishes were called but everything was solid. 

One stand out was the spiced iced tea, which everyone should get. It's one of the most unusually, intensely flavored and delicious drinks I've ever tried. 

Overall, I would say 3-4 stars for the food (5 for the tea), 2 for atmosphere, 5 for service, and 5 for the cultural experience.
Gotta try the goat!! This place is as authentic as it gets! If you like Legit cultural foods this place is for you!! I literally felt like I was in a different country inside...I would recommend take out seeing as it's not nicely decorated or anything but the goat is amazing!!! And I love places where they tell you "what they have available today" super cool and a great overall experience!!
It wasn't for me. I generally like middle eastern food.  I got the sampler to go ; babaganesh, falafel, taheni, humus with pita. Everything was very bland. The pita and falafel were chewy. I ended up throwing most of it out.
This is a dive located in a strip mall. 

There were two of us, so we decided to split the "Healthy Eater" (two chicken dishes with two vegetable dishes). It came with injera. We ordered cabbage and mushrooms as our veggie dishes. 

Injera was good, nothing special. The chicken was very dry. The waiter said they were out of three popular items (lamb shank, a chicken dish and a beef dish). 

We received the cabbage, but our mushrooms did not arrive. Instead, we were given a different veggie dish which was so-so. I asked if he could bring us the mushrooms. Instead, he brought the check which was discounted. I think there was a language miscommunication. Oh well. Food was ok. I probably won't eat here again, unfortunately.
How this place gets any more than one star is beyond me. 

The first concern is the appetizers (falafel, hummus, baba ghanousj) are the furthest thing from Ethiopian.  If I wanted Middle Eastern food I would go to Pita Jungle. 

The main courses are like "pseudo-Ethiopian".  The meal descriptions are like written in a way you'd trick a child into eating something a little weird.  And no "doro wat" on the menu !  That's like a Thai restaurant not having "Pad Thai". The main dish Americans eat. 

The food. Bland and boring. 

Don't bother going.
Dont let the location fool you about the food, located in a small shopping area. The customer service was great, the guy who took my order was patient with me since I had questions about the different food. He gave me some some small samples without me asking for some. The best part was I got a banana with my meal. I wanted goat meat but since they were out I had lamb, rice, salad, samosa, and a banana. I gave it 4 stars because of the location.
Awesome food.  The building is dated and so is much of the atmospher, but it is all made up with great service and incredible food.
Ate at Africana tonight, thought it was a interesting experience. I have never eaten West African food and was excited to try it. The food was definitely worth trying, I would recommend the Yassa, the Maffe is also recommended but I wasn't too crazy about it when I tried it. The venue is not too nice but that stuff doesn't bother too much. The biggest turn off for me was the price. I paid $40 dollars for two people with no drinks (2 entrees and an appetizer). As far as eating international cuisine its expensive (13.99 per entree). I think that the lunch is a much more economical time to eat there because the prices are a lot lower. Overall, I am very glad I tried Africana because of the unique food but was a little turned off by the price.
We recently tried Africana on a Tuesday night.  The restaurant was packed with only two servers hustling about.  Our food was interesting which is why we chose to check it out.  However it wasn't memorable and my dish had way too much oil.  The owner/chef came out and personally asked us how our meal was -- which is always a nice touch.  It's definitely a break from the norm and the plantains were sooooo tasty.
We ate there for the first time this weekend- service was good, if a little slower- OK, they don't have a lot of staff.  Now you know.  Our server , though, was very good, and offered some recommendations to us first-timers.  Our drinks were good, reasonably priced at about $4.25 for call mixers.  I can live with that...

I had the Maffe with chicken, and while there was quite a bit of sauce, I thought it was a plus, since the rice soaked up the leftovers overnight and it was sooo yummy this morning!  The owner did make the rounds of the tables and seemed to really care what people thought of the food and the restaurant overall.
I went here on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar.  The bartender seemed a little overwhelmed and it took me a little while to get his attention.

The decor is a little weird.  Mirrors on all the walls which I hate when I am eating, but other than that it was very nice.  Big TVs tuned to soccer so it would be a good place for that if you are a fan.

The jollof rice with chicken was very good.  The sauce had just a hint of spice and was very savory.
My biggest complain was the service: slow with lots of mistakes. It took over an hr for our appetizer to arrive, while one party of 3 who came later of us already finished and left (and another party of 6 had their order 20min earlier).  We were too hungry, and we asked for bread. Took them in total 40min to get us the bread.

Water was never filled until we asked and it came 10min later.

There were about 5 tables at the peak time that night with 2 servers. Then there were the owner and his family. The owner came to apologize after us waiting for almost an hr, saying he'd check on the meals, but he never came back with a follow-up. At the end, he offered dessert on the house, but they were out of the one we wanted. He didn't offer to not charge our appetizer. Not sure how sincere he was about his apology.

Food was ok. Decor was ok. Due to bad service, I would not go back.

Mistakes they made:
(1) 1hr wait entree
(2) 40min wait for bread and appetizer
(3) water was never refilled
(4) entree were wrong
The food is delicious. I like the variety in flavors. The service is a slower than I am accustomed to but that may simply part of the African culture (benefit of the doubt).
We went not long after they opened, so I could almost forgive the extremely slow service and our server's lack of food-related English vocabulary.  It takes awhile to learn.  But the food we (finally) got was inexcusable.

My dinner seemed to be chunks of vegetables stuck under a broiler until burned on the outside, nearly raw on the inside.  I thought African food would be spicy, but nope, just veggies.  My husband got fish that was so full of bones it was inedible.  Maybe there were other things on the menu we would have liked better, but we couldn't communicate with the server well enough to find out.

The glass of wine was so stingy, a modest-sized glass only maybe a third of the way full, that I sent it back and got a bottled beer instead.
I would never ever in my life eat here. I would give it -100 stars if I could. Last time I was there for dancing there was broken glass all over which the staff refused to clean up. You think that's bad? There was also puke all over for the whole entire night that the staff said they weren't going to waste their time cleaning up until bartime. DISGUSTING. The bathrooms stank of piss (I believe it was all over the floors), the sink lever was busted, the towel dispenser was on the ground under the sink.... There was even a bloody tampon sitting on the sink!!!!!!!!! I am going to report this place to the Health Department as soon as I get a chance. How can you even operate a business like this and then refuse to take care of the mess after being asked numerous times? How can you just stand around when there are biohazards all over your damn restaurant? I think I've said enough...
The chicken wraps here are immensely tasty (3).  Lightly toasted and packed full of mouth watering spicy sauces you'll be coming back for more messy finger food time and time again.  Jugs of tap water are conveniently offered too and the staff seem friendly enough.  As with many of the eateries in close proximity to the university campus it's generally rammed at lunch times. This is all expected with such a tasty lunch break on offer.
I had never tried Hoummas and falafel until that fateful day I wandered into Nile Valley. The layout is small and not very appealing, but when you get downstairs it's a whole new vibe. The African theme runs throughout the decor and the people, everyone is so welcoming and happy. They have a great selection of wraps that they make right infront of you and they are YUMMY!! Hoummas and Falafel especially is my favourite, and I've worked my way through a few different flavours. Each wrap is around 3 and there's a great student discount.
Nile Valley, I salute you
Like Coffee Etc, only  better. That's pretty much all you need to know about this place. 

They offer the same wraps as next door, with all the same yummy fillings like baba ghanoush, avocado, humus, chicken (which, by the way, makes a surprisingly good combination!) but the prices in here are more reasonable. Not that Coffee Etc is anywhere near expensive, but every little helps when you're a student!

The other big plus point about this place is that it has a downstairs seating area as well as the 3 or 4 tiny little tables upstairs. Which means that, unlike Coffee Etc between 12-3pm, you might stand a chance of getting somewhere to sit.

The baklava here's amazing too, and if you get one of the gorgous cartons of Rubicon Mango juice you ca kid yourself that it counts as one of your 5-a-day and so off-sets the sticky flaky baklava goodness.  Or at least that's what I convince myself every time I go.
During one of my many free lunch hours at the University of Edinburgh, a friend and I decided to try this East African cafe by day/restaurant by night! Hailing from West Africa myself, I've hardly had the chance to try authentic cuisine from East Africa and I'm sad to say I'm still waiting; reason being that the Nile Valley offers a great lunch time menu, craftily mixing the standard student lunch (salads, wraps, sandwiches) with some Middle Eastern elements. For all other falafel enthusiasts out there, their wrap is phenomenal and definitely rivals Palmyra's. The other wraps I've tried, such as the chicken and avocado, do not disappoint, and the interior definitely complements the theme of the restaurant; African maps, art and pictures for the wandering eye! Leaving ground level for the basement is quite exciting, but the theme is pretty much the same, save for the added darkness which makes it even cosier. Students, businessmen etc frequent this place at lunch time, but I'm still very curious to try their dinner menu!
I've been to Nile Valley quite a few times for lunch as it's cheap and tasty with a great range of food and nice service.  Apparantly they've been around for fifteen years which is impressive and you only have to venture in once to understand why.  
I usually have a flatbread jam packed with chicken and ganoush which costs around 3.50 and more than satisfies any lunchtime cravings.  Their ingredients are always fresh and they have a great range of authentic African as well as local produce.  For example, on their dinner menu they offer Scottish lamb which is slow cooked with herbs for tenderness.
It's a great place to come for cheap, tasty and different food at reasonable prices.
The Nile Valley Cafe is a fantastic place to go for lunch and one of my favourite hang outs. It is just a stones throw away from the main University campus, George Square, so it is a very convenient place for students to go for their lunch. There is always a queue at lunch time coming out of this small cafe of students wanting to buy their lunch - always a good sign. 

The Nile Valley Cafe offers a huge range of authentic African and ethnic dishes, and there is such a wide variety available that there will be something on their menu to suit everyone. They serve really delicious wraps for lunch with a whole range of fillings such as hummus, falafel, babaganoush and mezze, as well as the more traditional fillings such as cheese, salad and a selection of meats. They offer a range of pate's, and the chicken liver pate is particularly delicious. 

I love their falafel and salad wrap, which is really reasonable at about 3. The servings in here are incredibly generous and I find that if I have a wrap from here for lunch, I am not hungry the rest of the day. There is a lovely seating area downstairs which is a good size where you can listen to African style music. 

The Nile Valley Cafe offers a huge selection of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarian's as there is bound to be something on their menu to suit everyone. 

As well as wraps, the Nile Valley Cafe offer a selection of soups, their roasted red pepper soups is truly delicious, as well as a selection of main meals such as fish and meats cooked in a mouth watering marinade.
One of the tastiest places for lunch in Edinburgh - I go for a spicy chicken wrap with falafel and aubergine... (although the wraps have shrunk significantly over the last two years...!) 

Dinner - no no. Been there several times and although its byob and therefore frequented by intrepid students, the food is poor and overpriced

Basically, 5 stars for lunch, 3 stars for dinner!
One of the many things I miss about Edinburgh. Great food. Friendly staff.

Their wraps are especially delicious. I can't speak for dinner entrees because I'd mostly go there for lunch, but those wraps were just YUM! Terrific place, and right across the street from the George Square buildings.
Reading the lunchtime reviews of Nile Valley are making my mouth water. I've only been in for dinner, and I found it to be a very pleasurable experience. I'm a big fan of this type of cuisine: if there's hummus, aubergines, and lamb then count me in. And if it's BYOB even better. Nile Valley ticks all of these boxes, and is therefore firmly on my roster of places to get a good dinner with friendly service in Edinburgh. 

The staff are very accommodating and will even find you a table during the festival. The last time I visited there was a minor issue with our starter not arriving on time; the manager personally came out to apologise to us, and we were given it for free. Very different treatment to certain fine dining institutions.
Lunchtime wraps are so cheap and delicious. Love their toasted Khobz bread and if you're a veg/vegan they have a huge selection of everything scrummy. Great service and a fun place to eat!
This is one of my friend's favourite eateries, and I've been here with him twice, both times for lunch. Both times I had an Africa Wrap - a speciality of the house - I liked it so much the first time I had a second one!

Because the wraps here are made from garam flour, they are gluten free! The Africa Wrap had beans, feta, falafel and salad, and it was toasted. It was also the biggest wrap I've ever seen in my life. spicy sauce was optional (I had it the first time but not the second since it was a bit hot for me - recommended for people who like their food to have a kick tho!)

The falafel on offer here is the best falafel I've had. This is high-fibre, high-taste food, it's filling, it's healthy, and it's delicious. Such a rare combination! It's also great for vegetarians. 

They also have lovely tea. It's unlike any I've had elsewhere (I think it's Sudanese tea but I'm unsure) and I drink it in massive quantities when I go here. 

The price is cheap, extremely cheap for edinburgh and for the amount of food you get for your buck. It's properly authentic food, and it's one of the few times a mad carnivore like me has really, really enjoyed vegetarian fayre. Recommended.
This is a great little place for when you want a tasty lunch that won't take long.

It's right next to the uni, so if you try and go at 1-1:15pm you will find yourself at the back of a queue, but you'll understand why once you get your wrap. Wraps are pretty much the only thing they serve, and they are soooooo good; they're the thicker, almost flatbread style wraps and they're always really fresh.

You pick your fillings from the huge selection of things in the chill counter, or if you're not feeling creative you can choose one of their suggestions on the menu. I love my food gooey and saucy, so I usually go for chicken, avocado and either hummus or baba ghanoush. When it comes off the grill I'm always too impatient to get stuck in, and so invariably end up burning my mouth, but once you try one you'll understand why.

That will set you back 3.50, and they don't charge you anything extra to sit in. That said, there isn't a huge amount of tables in here, and it's definitely not the place to go if you're trying to have a private conversation - this place is tiny and so all the tables are fairly close together.

If you need to grab lunch on the go, you should definitely go here.
This seemingly small cafe has a great selection for wraps and has a cute room in the back to chill out in and forget the possibly greyness of the city.
The people who run it are always super friendly to me as well and I love their choices of food for a quick lunch.

 There is usually new art decorating the brightly painted walls as well. Space is very limited, and you will be lucky to get an armchair at lunch times, but take away is still a great option with the Meadows being close. Sadly they aren't open on Sundays.
Coffee Etc is one of those places that whenever I walk past it it is always full, with a queue that is almost out of the door. While I have always taken this to be a good sign, up unti now I have never been in as I am pretty impatient and can never be bothered to wait. I did however, wait recently and to be honest, I'm really glad I did. The food was excellent - its mainly wraps, but they have some amazing fillings on offer - so that wait in the queue isnt wasted, in fact it might even be a good thing while you choose from the huge selection of fillings. Once you have gotten your wrap, there are a few little chairs and tables to eat at, but being so busy all the time its unlikely you will get one.
Coffee Etc. is a great little cafe and although I haven't tried the fabulous sounding wraps that the other reviewers have mentioned I have popped in for a cup of tea and a wee sit down although after reading the other reviews the first thing on my list next time is to get one of those wraps.

I guess I must come at the right times as whenever I've been I haven't had to wait in a queue and have always managed to get a seat too. The staff are always really friendly too and who can complain when you're receiving service with a smile?
Always packed and bustling with activity, Coffee etc has all the typical characteristics of a near university campus cafe. Wraps are cheap and moreish (3), and the coffee is top notch too. Something I didn't expect was the refreshing spiced Somali tea.

The environment is a little bohemian and offers plenty of cosy places to read for a rainy afternoon.
Coffee Etc is possibly the most popular cafe for students before and after classes in George Square.  This is because it serves delicious, filling food at more than reasonable prices.  The decor inside feels stylish and contemporary with a decent sized area for seating.  The staff are always efficient and friendly in spite of the huge queues of  hungry customers.
They do a great selection of wraps, paninis, sandwiches and soup for lunch.  My personal favourite is their turkey, salad and hummus wrap which costs about 3 and is perfect for lunch.  This, along with a big cup of coffee makes for a great value and tasty meal, and this is the key to the cafe's success.
Coffee Etc is one of the best places for students to go to for their lunch. It is literally just a stones throw away from the students playground, George Square, so you could not get a closer place to go to for your lunch. 

I am a huge fan or this place, and they serve so much more than coffee, in fact, I have never ordered a coffee from Coffee Etc. They serve really delicious wraps, filled with almost anything you want. They offer a huge range of authentic ethnic cuisine such as falafel, hummus, babaganous and kidney beans, as well as the more traditional fillings such as mozzarella cheese, salad, kidney beans, and a selection of meats. I love their hummus and falafel wrap served with a spicy sauce and I find that when I eat one of their wraps for lunch, I am not feeling hungry for the rest of the day.

Coffee Etc offer a huge range of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarian's as they will definitely find something on the menu which they fancy. 

The prices are incredibly reasonable here to, with a wrap costing about 3.50. Coffee Etc toast their wraps and is lovely to eat a wrap wrap on a cold day. There is a small seating area inside Coffee Etc which is cosy with comfy chairs, but can get quite cramped during the lunch time rush so I tend to take my food as a take away. 

The staff are also very friendly and will to explain all the exotic dishes on the menu which they offer. Coffee Etc also sell a range of ethnic teas. It is definitely worth a visit.
Coffee etc is always heaving come lunchtime, full of students taking advantage of the vast amounts of food you get for a minimal amount of money. 

For around 3 you can get a wrap filled with as many different ingredients as you like. Meat, salad, cheese, vegetables, sauces, pickles, they have everything here and you can have everything here if that is what you want. 

I'd go for the takeaway option as it is unlikely you'll find a seat (well...I never do!)
Want to visit Africa in Phoenix? Head to 7th Ave. and Campbell for authentic West African food in a small and warm setting.

Located in what could have been any one of countless styles of restaurant before becoming Bantu Bistro, this intimate eatery offers African fare that is accessible to even the most timid eaters.

For starters, Bantu offers hot wings, tomato fried chicken and one other chicken dish that I cannot recall. The remainder of the menu is comprised of a variety of African stews and meat dishes that can be made with goat, chicken or beef. I had the groundnut stew (basically spicy peanut soup) with goat (per our lovely waitress's recommendation) and was not disappointed. With my stew, I chose a side of fufu (basically a mix of potatoes and cornmeal that tasted something like instant mashed potatoes without enough milk). When i put some of the soup on top of the fufu for flavoring, it became more enticing (nevertheless I might order the potatoes, rice or plantains for a side if I were to return). The goat, if you have never enjoyed this meat, was something like a tougher version of lamb. The Bistro does not list any desserts on its menu, but I did not inquire about it either. I have difficulty remembering anything on the menu that was more than $9. My friend and I had two stews with goat, a starter of tomato fried chicken and two imported beers. Our total, with tax, came to $33.

Service was attentive and friendly. Upon leaving, the chef/owner (who has lived in the Valley for a number of years after moving from Africa) greeted my entire party, shook our hands and promised to provide us with a special treat (some sort of beans, he said) upon return. I'll be looking forward to it!
I was quite excited at the prospect of going to Bantu. I've recently been learning about African culture and cuisine and was looking forward to tasting it.

I can't say I'm happy with the results.

The location is decent; close enough to downtown to be convenient. Parking is plentiful.

The decor is not what I would call African. More an amalgam of all previous incarnations of restaurants at this location; Mediterranean, Italian, French.

The dining room is quite small. There are a few tables for four and one large raised table that seats approx. 10. The patio is quite spacious, but there is a considerable amount of traffic noise from 7th Avenue.

The waitress started me off with fried plantains and a spicy sauce for dipping.

The plantains tasted and felt like what I'd imagine a banana flavored potato chip would taste and feel like. Not at all unpleasant, and I ate several.

The sauce, while spicy, was more reminiscent of Latin America than Africa.

Still, it was a nice complement to the plantains.

I ordered coconut stew with chicken, and rice. It was quite tasty, but mildly unpleasant in that the chicken was almost as much bone as meat. Other diners I was with shared that complaint.

The rice was good; fluffy, properly cooked.

I was quite disappointed when I ordered what the waitress said was an African beer only to learn that it was in fact a Vietnamese beer.

All in all the experience was enjoyable, but the food was hardly enough to draw me back.
I was really excited to try Bantu Cafe's West African food in the location of the former Melrose Cafe. It is a charming little place, outdoor seating, brightly decorated with traditional African art and sculptures decorating the walls and shelves. A stereo places African pop and Reggae. 

The menu consists of meats, chicken, goat, lamb, oxtail, available in curry or a tomato like sauce with mixed vegetables. You get your choice of sides like garlic potatoes, fufu, plantains or rice. The meat in the dishes can be substituted if one is so inclined. There are vegetarian options as well, being a traditional African cuisine, since meat is not always available and something we Westerners take for granted.
They serve traditional soups, appetizers and sides as well as the entrees.

The staff (one waitress) and owner were both warm and friendly.

All in all, it was a good experience and good food. I wouldn't say great, but good. It is definitely worth trying and experiencing. I will be back again.
Stale chicken! I lived in West Africa for a period and enjoyed the local "tantie's" peanut sauce and foufou, but this place was a far stretch from good home cookin'.  It gives a bad impression of West African food, so don't pretend you like it just to be courteous and worldly-old chicken is old chicken.  The only redeeming part of the meal was the free appetizer of plantains.  Maybe... one day, Phoenix will have a good West African chop shop that doesn't use a can of veg-all in their sauce.
I'm almost always game for an adventure in my mouth, so it was with much anticipation that I attended a UYE at Bantu Bistro. Fifteen of us ended up showing, which is a) a great turn-out and b) potentially disastrous, both for those of us eating and those preparing/serving the food. BB is my Little Engine That Could, because faced with that challenge our servers remained calm and courteous. 

Upon reading the menu, I immediately knew I was going to get the goat because I've not had goat before. And since I've also never eaten West African food I threw caution into the wind. While waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, the first wave of us ordered drinks, as we are prone to do. We ended up finishing off some of the choices (beers, mostly, that weren't stocked to accommodate a large drinking crowd*) . By the time our full crew had arrived, I think that 2 or 3 beer choices were off the list. So, on the the eats. Now, keep in mind there were 15 people there, and we pretty much ordered something different off the menu, all of which include the "African spices." Each entree comes with one meat (chicken, goat, ox tail, shrimp...) and two sides (fufu, rice, potatoes and plantains). We were served complementary fried plantains with a lovely dipping sauce. Our entrees came fairly close to one another, however my goat was prepared as curried instead of plain. But that's okay, because it was good. While nothing in the flavor jumped out and smacked me in the throat, I have to admit that I over season and heavily salt everything and a lifetime of this has desensitized my taste buds. Authentic ethnic foods don't always have an explosion of flavors but rather rely on letting more subtle flavors mingle in the palatte. 

Sounds like a lot of moaning for achieving four stars, one might say. To which I would call as my justification: 

== I was rather full by the time I was half through my entree 
== free hot beans were brought to use during our meal. While I cannot recall the name of these, they had a peculiar and interesting flavor. I wanted more salt on them but I want more salt on everything--I have to trim that back in my diet 
== Graciousness is never overrated. The staff and the owner all were appreciative of our business and thanked us several times throughout the evening. 
== We pretty much took over the dining area and I didn't feel like the staff were concerned about that. 
== They broke down our bill without adding a gratuity fee, as is customary at most places for large parties. 

I'm looking forward to returning in a while and hopefully the stocking issue will be resolved and I will have educated myself more on the intricacies of truly authentic African food and flavors. Until then, I wish BB the best of luck and keep up the good work. 

____________________________________________ 
* I personally feel that while the libations of an eating establishment are important--sometimes equally to that of the food--it's also understandable that a newer establishment would chose to emphasise its entree delivery. For this, I can look past the alcohol stocking issue.
i will not even pretend to know what west african food tastes like. i read a blurb about what countries west africa encompasses and how southern cooking has heritage from west african cooking.  next i'm not from the south so i will not pretend to know what good southern food is either. lastly from looking at what countries west africa is i can say on a positive note the chef/owner still has all his limbs and was more then likely NOT from Sierra Leon. that's only my speculation really..he might have been a lucky guy.

so again not knowing what good west african Cuisine i will not go into some sort of diatribe about how authentic it was or how it was shit because "i lived in west africa for a period". what i had i felt was a good meal. i left full and happy. 

i was part of a large party of yelpers who in a way sprung ourselves upon the helpless gazelle that is Bantu Bistro like that hungry Lion which is Yelp. the party was about 15 people give or take a few and people started showing up around the designated 6:30 agreed upon meeting time. drinks orders were taken..albeit a bit shaky to start with, the gentlemen who served us seem way out of his comfort zone and was not aware of what beer or wine was available..and since there was no drink menu we all felt that we kinda just had to wing it on beverage requests.

after a while of getting all the drinks requested and everyone finally showing up. we all browsed the menu, asked whatever questions we could come up with and settled on our meals. the server took our orders and again..made the best of the situation.

about 30 minutes later everyone was chatting each other up and food started to come out. here and there of "who ordered the (insert dinner)" or "which meal did you have" "who had (insert side dish)" finally it seamed as everyone had food in front of them and people started to eat. 

i ordered the curried Goat with a side of FuFu and Plantains..
now i'm not really sure what the hell FuFu is, but all i could think of was Cream of Wheat from a box i had as a child. it was good with my meal, but absolutely tasteless on its own. which i'm not sure how your supposed to eat it anyways. i liked the curried goat. it was basically a stew of goat meat and some vegetables in a curry sauce. not exactly a pantheon of flavors and it certainly was not spicy. but i found it to be comforting and made me feel good inside. plus it's not often i get to eat goat. so the new experience put a smile on my face.

i cannot in fairness rate my experience on the service. they were clearly overwhelmed with the size of our group and the business seems like they are still on training wheels. as the only people in the restaurant for the majority of our stay we did have full attention of the staff which was attentive. thank you. 

thank you Dottsy for the UYE

it was nice to meet
Bacon
Robert M
Heather C
Terry T
Maggie (husband Eric)
Scott W
Jason W
David SB

it was nice to see again
Julie P
Matthew
Ayesha
Kevin (after dinner)
and of course Dottsy


i honestly hope this place does well. this building has seen way too many tenants fail. i would like to see one success.  good luck Bantu. 

Sincearly, Arik.

PS. the average meal price was $11. so really not that unreasonable. thumbs up.
To say our group from Yelp overpowered this small place would be an understatement.  It is not designed for large groups and I think we would have better served ourselves to have ordered in small groups as we arrived and had the food come out in that fashion than try and get all the orders on the table at once.  Part of a UYE is the camaraderie so I am pretty sure staggered serving would not have been a big deal and the food would have been hotter when it arrived.  As it was none of us had a clue what it was supposed to taste like so judgmental we were not.  I had curry goat stew, fufu and rice.  I got the impression this was common folk food, you make a base and toss in what vegetables and meat you have that week.  Sort of like the West African version of comfort food.

Our experience from the owner and staff was very positive in my opinion.  Dottsy had made reservations and they had apparently brought in an extra server for the evening.  At one point early it appeared somebody had ordered a drink they were short on ingredients for or maybe the kitchen ran out of something and one of the servers dashed off to the store.  The owner/cook and his staff were bending over backwards to fill every reasonable request.  When the owner was out on the floor you could just feel his enthusiasm for what he was doing.

I got out of there feeling full and well taken care of and with a beer, tax and tip I only spent $20.  While I do not think this will be a food often eaten by anybody I know, it and the service should bring enough people in to keep the place open.  One word of caution; if you drive a full sized pick up you can get boxed in if you don't pay attention in advance as to how you are going to get out.
You've got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk? 

Here's the deal, it would be very easy to come to a place like this and be totally underwhelmed. The flavors and cooking style of West Africa are not very well known to 99.9% of us. The little things like an unhelpful menu and a mediocre wait staff could guarantee a 1 star review for most reviewers. 

On the other hand they get points for being unique, owner operated, and it was pretty fun to try some food completely different. I mean goat and ox tail, now really, how often do you see that on a menu? 

The plantain starters were pretty basic, but a nice start. I had the ndole, which I guess was something like an odd version of creamed spinach with chunks of goat in it. ---It tasted better than I described, trust me. The fufu was a let down, that was a close to eating just flower and water. I mean zero flavor. 

So if you let your guard down, chill out, and want to try some wild and crazy food then I say do it. Other wise stay home and save your scathing one star reviews for Olive Garden.
I was a little nervous about what to expect.   I couldn't tell you where west Africa is on a map unless you pointed out east Africa first, much less hazard a guess about the cuisine.  But I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised.

I was with the large group of Yelpers last night.  And let's face it, we can be a difficult bunch to please sometimes.  We can also be a difficult bunch to serve, especially in a small shop such as Bantu that is probably not used to  a crowd such as ours.  Drink orders were a little tricky.  They ran out of several of the beer options.  I believe they only had once choice for red wine.  I had that, and I was disappointed that it had been refrigerated.     However, it was clear that their focus is on the food, not on the libations, and I appreciated that they were able to offer alcoholic beverages.

Although one of the servers was unfamiliar with the menu, I was impressed that Bantu actually brought in an additional server to accommodate us.  The staff was so welcoming, and the owner not only cooked his heart out for us, he paid us a visit as well.  I never once felt we were an inconvenience as I have at other events.  

The complimentary fried plantains were served with a spicy chili sauce that nicely balanced the sweet, tender plantain.  I opted for the traditional groundnut stew with chicken.  It was a tomato-based stew with mixed vegetables in a rich and nutty sauce, very satisfying.  I was not a fan of the  fufu which I believe was mashed yams and corn.  It reminded me of grits.  I did try a few other bites of my neighbors' dishes and enjoyed them as well.

Upon leaving, we were able to just tell the server what we ordered and pay separately.  I thanked her for taking the time to allow us to do this and for coping with the crowd.  She remarked "we love this, it's like a big family."  That is reason enough for me to say, "yay, I'm a fan."
So in the course of my various wheelings and dealings in Phoenix, I have driven past this empty building several times. I finally saw it lit up and renamed "Bantu Bistro- West African Cuisine" Wow! I finally got a group together to try this new little place. When I arrived, I saw that my group was situated in the middle of the restaurant. I had made a reservation and the staff was kind enough to make a long row of tables for us to sit at. 

I was greeted by a friendly service staff. We had two servers for our large group. I asked for a menu of beers and the staff seemed a little shaky on what was and was not available. It seems that they had various bottles of different beers. They also had "white" and "red" wine...both were refrigerated. I went with a beer...any beer. 

For my meal I went with a coconut stew with chicken in it. I chose fufu (think grits) and potatoes for my two sides. While waiting for our meal we were brought out plantains with a chili dipping sauce. They were well cooked and the sweetness complimented the semi-spicy sauce well. After a bit of a wait, our meals were served. It was a bit chaotic trying to figure out who ordered what, but everything got worked out. My stew was not so much a stew as it was a light, thin soup. The flavors were not robust and hearty, but were light and refreshing. Not quite what I wanted that night, but it wasn't poorly made. The fufu and the potatoes had no seasoning on it. The purpose of the sides are to add to your stew and let the main dish flavor your sides. 

During the meal, the owner/chef made several visits to our table. He even brought us some beans to compliment our meal. He seemed very open to suggestions and comments made by our group. The only things I would change about Bantu are: have a good beer selection, have a couple wines by the glass available and do not refrigerate your red wine, have a staff that is knowledgeable about the dishes and can make good suggestions, offer a weekly special that is not on the menu. 

I look forward to seeing Bantu flourish. It would be nice to have a West African restaurant become a well established place in the old, empty building I used to drive by.
I must say, I was so pumped to try this place out so I decided to drop in last night. As far as expectations go, it definitely lived up to some and was certainly a let down on others.

First and foremost, the food was great and the staff was friendly. I ordered the Chicken curry with plantains and it was one of the best tasting meals I've had in a long while. The thing that kinda tainted my whole experience there was the service. It took probably half an hour for me to get my food and the place wasn't that packed either. No one came up to ask how things were or if I needed anything so I ended up feeling like they forgot my order. Like I said, the food alone would've easily merited Bantu Bistro four stars or possibly a five, but the fact that it felt like I could have flown to West Africa and back to get what I ordered kinda soured the dining experience.
I was excited to try this place because my husband's ex-step father is from Nigeria and I loved the African food he would make. He lives back in Houston so I haven't had any good African food in awhile so I was having a good itching for some. I didn't have any trouble finding the place, although the old melrose cafe or whatever it said sign kind of threw me off for a second. I went to order some food to go since I went by myself. The girl at the counter was very nice and asked if I had any questions. I ended up ordering the goat meat entree that was cooked in the tomato sauce with mixed vegetables, plantains, and fufu. While the goat meat was cooked very well, the sauce was very thin and the mixed vegetables were just that-mixed vegetables from a can! I couldn't believe that! When it said mixed vegetables I was thinking some fresh, chopped or diced vegetables, not vegetables from the 50 cent cans at the grocery store! The plantains were good. All in all, the food was just okay for me since I have had African food many times before. The employees were very nice though!!!
Ladies and Gentleman, the current location for Bantu Bistro is dead.  The chef and visionary behind bringing West African cuisine and culture to the Valley, Emmy  Ayafor, was forced out of Bantu Bistro.  I heard there are a bunch of Americans cooking there now and the food has gone down hill.  However, I went to the Bantu Bistro website (still maintained by Emmy) and emailed him.  My friends and I had Emmy cook for us at my house.  It was very affordable, and the food was FANTASTIC!  I'd give Emmy's cooking 5 Stars!  We had goat, chicken curry, fried rice, corn fufu, and fried plantains.  There was so much food, I'm still eating it!  Good luck opening your new restaurant Emmy.  Those of us that demand authenticity will be waiting, impatiently!  

Jeff
Drove by today.  CLOSED
Bulsho Restaurant is a great East African/Somali restaurant. It's located in a dingy little strip mall and the parking lot is full of cabs and seems to be where a lot of the Somalians hang out, which speaks to it's authenticity. The decorations and decor is meager, but the food and hospitality are top notch. And, after all, the food is what it's all about.
We had the special, the chicken Biryani and the chicken leg and rice. The portions were huge, platter size, and food was amazing. The meals are large enough for two people to share and guaranteed leftovers. I ordered mango juice to drink and they brought us an entire pitcher.
They have sandwiches, soups, currys and most entrees are served with basmati rice. You have your choice of beef, chicken, goat, but no pork, most Somalis are Muslims. For the less adventurous, they even have pasta on the menu, including a homemade version of Fettuccine Alfredo. 
This is one of those places that makes Yelp great. Who knew we had an East African restaurant?
So when you finally get the nerve to experience some real culture and some great food, go check out Bulsho. The staff makes you feel welcome and the food is wonderful. 
Be adventurous. Explore. Eat. Experience.
Had to make a u-turn since I missed the unassuming Bulsho. Despite that we arrived quite near the closing hour, the guys here were very accommodating.

The menu includes all your protein needs...though unfortunately due to the late arrival, goat and lamb were out of stock. Instead, our guy suggested that he would whip something up for us- if we liked it, good, if we didn't, he'd bring us something else. 

We liked it... and so we were presented with more plates of these grilled meats, pita, and chappati to consume, accompanied the perfect blend of spicy, acidic, and sweet sauces. There was a point where we are all so consumed by consumption that there was this silence- we each were all concentrated in our own little feasting worlds. 

For a party of three, the grand total was a mere $18. Will return, perhaps for an all day affair of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
The Phoenix East African Community Center.

October 17, 2009

I forgot my camera.

Food 1.5 of 2
Service 1 of 1
Cleanliness .7 of 1
Ambiance .3 of 1

This is the place in Phoenix for watermelon and mango juice, goat curry, faba beans, biryani, and some of the finest flat bread I've ever tasted. Not to mention soccer and football on a large-screen TV. 

Good food, Cost for 2 lunches including tax , $18.00
It is now called Tariq they just changed the name.  I went for a late lunch early dinner and had the Chicken Baryanni.  It was really good and the portion size was huge.  I took home a good amount and left stuffed.  My total meal was $8 and for the portion size it was well worth it.  The only reason it didn't get a better rating is the inside isn't too nice and the wait was a few minutes before I even got a menu.  I will order out from now on.  I also didn't get to try the goat that I went there for as they only do that at night during dinner time.  I will be back for that as the food I had was great.  The waiter said they are going to change the inside and even add a late night window.
It's like going to East Africa without getting on a plane.

I just went there for lunch today, and let me say that for 1/2 an hour I sure wasn't in America any more - it was an immersive and tasty experience that I'm sure to do again, soon. 

For a start, they didn't have a menu, so I asked what the lunch special was and he started saying a few things in a strong (Somali/Ethiopian) Arabic accent that included goat, so I said - "Sure I'll try it" without really knowing what was going to happen.  

And now to the experience. He brought me a can of Pepsi (no diet drinks here and I didn't wan't to risk the ice cubes in the water) and gives me a fork, a spoon and a banana. Whatever, I think "well this is different" as I wonder when to eat my banana. As I'm drinking my Pepsi I started looking around and realize that the only other people are male east african taxi drivers eating injera and curry with just their RIGHT hand.  Well it's a good thing I know how to do that too! (because I didn't want to stand out even more than is possible as the lone white guy speaking english in a restaurant full of genuine Africans speaking Arabic).

Then the food arrives - a huge plate of buttered rice seasoned with green herby flecks of stuff and smelling delightful. And the guy says - "you wanted goat - yes? Because it's grilling and will be out soon" So I said yes and started on the rice. A minute later a huge plate of cubed goat and a side salad with Italian dressing comes out and lands in front of me.  I say cubed goat because that's was happened to this poor beastie.  The meat consisted of apparently random 2-3 inch cubed chunks of goat ribs and legs complete with attached tendons, a couple of arteries, some fat, muscle meat (steak) and so on. It tasted GREAT! Seasoned well, and grilled with seasoned onions too.

The other customers - As I was eating my rice, salad and goat with just my right hand, more of the regular clientele came in and looked universally stunned to see me there. When they looked down, saw that I was eating with just my right hand in the same Arab manner as them, in mere seconds they accepted me as just another diner at lunchtime. It was actually really cool to see the waryness and prejudice on their faces evaporate in seconds to be replaced by acceptance.

Would I go there again - heck yeah! But, and here's a BIG but. I wouldn't ever go with that person at the office that we all know, you know - the one who makes loud and snarky (sometimes racist) comments when they feel uncomfortable in a new situation.  At lunchtime the Tariq Restaurant is a working (East African Arab) man's lunch place.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a women-only group to go for lunch and feel comfortable.  If you're a woman and want great East African food, then this is the place, but from the vibe in there I reckon you'll enjoy it more if you go in with a man, or in a mixed group.
Understated, huge portions, and delicious!  Love Gavin F's first comment - it's so true!  The whole East African Center around the restuarant only adds to the authentic feel.  

I headed there on a lazy Saturday to check out this place I've driven by 248 times and my expectations were definitely exceeded.  First glance over the menu shows literally everything listed at $9.  There's a kicker to that which I'll touch on in a moment.  The atmosphere was definitely strange, but didn't detract from the experience.  It was a little weird watching Gladiator on TNT and dining on Northeast themed table coverings (lobster and lighthouses? What the heck??).  

I grabbed the curry chicken, which was listed at $9, and did not expect the sheer size of the plate that was to come out.  It was about the size of a Domino's medium pizza and was packed with really good chicken, a small salad, and plenty of rice.  It was so good I couldn't stop eating it, and ended up leaving the place with that classic American, uncomfortably-full feeling.  

The icing on the cake was when I went to ring up my chicken and a bottled water - the total was $7!  I must've hit a lunch special on the weekends or something but needless to say I left happy.  Definitely worth a try even if you've never had African food before.
This restaurant is closed.  In the same shopping mall is Juba's Mediteranean, which I went to instead.  The food was very good, portions generous, and price modest, so they have basically replaced Tariq.  The Somali taxi guys still are hanging out in the parking lot.
Five stars for overall value, taste, portion size, and friendly service. 

Only a one star deduction for atmosphere (decor and somewhat bare bones feel). 

I love this place though and will always be a repeat customer, it's close to me and its easy on my wallet, as a somewhat starving student, they really help you stretch a dollar. Their portion sizes alone would be reason enough to return, but the food is also very flavorful, char-grilled spiced chicken with saffron rice. The pasta is great and you can't stop eating it.

I'm also addicted to their house sauce kept readily available in great pour bottles, I think it's Bisbec. Since I grew up in a Spanish home, it reminds me very much of salsa de tomatillo, it's amazing and spicy, it really compliments all their wonderful selections.

Get over the surroundings, everyone is very friendly and kind.

I'm starting to crave them as I right this review, and am starting to salivate over hear... They're a great neighborhood place, and I'll continue to visit whenever I crave wonderful and authentic Ethiopian/Somalian/Mediterranean food....
There are any number of places in Edinburgh that serve wrapped flat breads with various fillings, in fact I'd never really considered them as a meal option before I moved to Edinburgh.

Khartoum Cafe certainly stands out, this is partly due to its bright yellow decor and partly due to the vast amounts of filling choices there are. According to another review there are 21, I'll be honest and confess I've never counted!

The yellow walls and cheery staff make this a really nice place to get away from the greyness of Edinburgh and the food is great too!

As well as wraps you can get soup which is hot, fresh and a perfect winter warmer.

There are some seats inside but lunchtimes can be busy so either get there early or get food to go.... and enjoy!
It's like the Nile Valley but on the other end of town. A brilliant little North African lunch time wrap treat. To be honest, every time I go I always get the spicy chicken, which is invariably delicious (that's why I always get it). Home-made spicy sauce, fresh salad, grilled chicken, in a khubz bread (try making khubz bread, it's really easy and a much tastier alternative to Hovis). 

They have a great selection here too, not just spicy chicken. The falafel is tasty (I tried my mate's) and the baba ghanoush is especially great. Not expensive either. Well worth a look if you fancy something a bit different for lunch and you're on the other side of town.
Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

These wraps are giagantic and full of tasty tasty goodness.  
When I'm feeling extra energetic I make the trek down to Khartoum Cafe and everyone in my office puts in an order.

As I said, yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
OK I'm a massive Nile Valley fan (for lunch) and love their wraps, so this is the basis on which I write my review - as a comparison...

So I've just nipped out starving thinking I'm gonna give this place a go, ordered a spicy chicken and aubergine wrap (as is customary) and then power walked home for the tasting... Chicken overcooked, lettuce limp, tomatoes just mush and something, though I'm not sure what, was off... Gross. A result of not enough customers so food just sits there but this is not a good way to get more through the doors. Sorry Khartoum, but that was baaaaaaaaaad. Can someone else go and check this out please?! Could just be a bad day but I'm not risking a second trip...
After devouring a delicious wrap from this place. They had no spicy chicken left so I just asked the guy to make any delicious wrap. All the ingredients are so fresh and the base sauce is lovely in tangy. If your looking for some lunch this place is a perfect place for a great wrap
I live in Glasgow and I keep on asking the owner to move West but he would not.
That is a shame for me because they have the BEST FALAFELS IN UK. They are freshly made in the back of the shops as well as the wraps. Everything tastes amazing.
Also have you tried the juices? Fresh lime, Mint and cardamom seeds? UNBELIEVABLY TASTY!!!!
The term 'hidden gem' is so terribly overused and so often misused, but in this case it is actually completely true! Around the corner from The Cameo, in what used to be Coconut Grove (how sadly missed), this new restaurant is a totally fantastic find. 

A Spanish, South African and Venezuelan mix of tradition, character and really fine food. I don't believe there is anywhere else in Edinburgh, perhaps the UK with this kind of combination. We tried a whole host of items from the tapas menu, including fresh grilled 'sardinas' (tasted just like they did on the beach in Spain), Manchego cheese, Spanish omelette, a pork stew dish, and the most gorgeous molten-centered-chocolate-heaven-on-a-plate that I've ever had!

I called quite late on a Friday afternoon but got a table for later that evening, I believe the last one. Service is friendly, fun and welcoming, we were served by the South African man of the trio. 

The dishes are really very reasonably priced and beautifully presented and it's casual, relaxed and authentic. 

The best new restaurant in Edinburgh and currently sailing up the Tripadvisor charts too. Go try it!
Dear Indaba, 

You are awesome! Having gone round that various tapas offerings in Edinburgh and found them to be an array of mediocrity you were a pleasant and very welcomed surprise. 

There on a Monday night with a large group i had rather anticipated being the only people in the place but in actual fact this little gem was a hive of activity. 

Looking through the menu there was a bit of everything really, all of your Spanish classics with some less familiar dishes from South America and South Africa. 

Upon ordering was my only disappointment of the evening, seared tuna fillet with soy dip had taken the eye of a few of us but was sadly not available. A quick glance back to the menu and sea bass was now on order. with the other diners we covered a good chunk of the menu, you have to love the social aspect of tapas dining 

To the food: 
Chicken strips with mango and black eyed beans - beautiful little dish, the beans have unbelievable flavour, with soft chicken it was delicious. The mango is cooked down with the beans a leaves a subtle sweetness. 

Sea bass: cooked to perfection and really fresh - would have liked the lime/giners dressing to be a little stronger 

Haggis Murciana - stunning! Try it! That is all! 

South African Sausage & Brits - either alone is ok - together it works beautifully - typically strong flavours. 

Patatas Bravas - lovely soft new potato with a tomato chili sauce has lovely flavour - would have liked the potato to be a bit crispier. 

Courgette & feta - simple and tasty!! 

Pork Ribs - great flavour - tasty marinade winner!! 

I think I must have tried 2/3 other dish from wound the table but these are the ones that I can 12 hours later remember. One of the great things about this place is the fact fact the food comes out as its ready. Not 25 dishes at once but staggered over 20/30 minutes. This tells me that the food is made to order from scratch which makes me happy.

Onto desert, this is the point were small places like this often fall down. they often tend to offer up a poor range of bought in cakes which aren't up to much. NOT HERE. 

I shared with another diner a trio - great thing here is you chose your trio from the menu. We went with Crying Cake, Almond Cake and Cappuccino cake. 

Cappuccino cake was soft tasty and the icing was ace, really good taste. The almond cake was soft sweet and as Aidan said a must for a marzipan fan. 

Crying cake.........WINNER. Basically a small small chocolate fondant - the outer cake was just a little crispy then soft inside and full of molten chocolate. It was perfect!! I have had smiller dishes in other restaurant and this knocks them all for 6. i was also lucky enough to try a little of the rhubarb and ginger sorbet from across the table - again it was incredible. 

This enterprise created by a Spaniard, a South African and a South American is fantastic, they have gone to the heart of what tapas should be, simple dishes done with great ingredients, cooked to perfection! 

My hat goes off to them and I will be back very soon!! 

Jd = ooooober Happy Man!!
Little plates, they're only little plates which surely means I can only eat a little amount. Right? Right?! So Katya assured me after my fifth helping from one of the many little plates on our large table of 11.

But really, I didn't care how much I'd eaten or how bad (read: gooooood) that might be. I was already in my little state of 'food ecstacy' as Kerrin R described it. Why? Let me enlighten. 

Tapas are, delightfully, little plates of food. This means you can order 2 - 3 plates per person, which means more variety. When you go along with 10 other yelpers this means that at least 25 little plates are ordered, all of which are passed around, which results in a LOT more variety.

Jurgen D and I did some tactical ordering and went for the:
- lamb with apricot (daily special)
- sea bass with lime and ginger (daily special)
- chicken with black beans and mango (daily special)
- haggis with spinach and pine nuts
- mixed grilled vegetables

I also happened to sample many other things passed around, up and down the table including:
- garlic and chilli prawns
- courgette wrapped feta (daily special)
- pork ribs in chilli and honey
- the goats cheese with onion marmalade
- another type of pork, this time fried
- the beef sausage 
- grilled haloumi

Oh my, I think I'm forgetting some too. As Jurgen and Aidan have said below me, the restauarant is whilst mainly Spanish in its style, a mix of Venezulaen and South African too. The only thing that would have helped was outlining what on the menu heralded from which cusine, but in the end it didn't matter as it was all superb.

My favourites were definitely the haggis and lamb, oh and the pork. The haggis was the best I've had in Edinburgh so far - in a Spanish restaurant. It was so moist, not dried out and crusty as it often can be. And mixed up with the spinach and pine nuts - wow, flavours I've never experienced before. The lamb was a really generous serving for a small tapas plate - two large skewers. Cooked so it was still pink in the middle and the apricots were lovely. The goats cheese was epic, a whole block of goats cheese which we all sampled and agreed was creamy goodness.

Oh but yes, there were also desserts. With such offerings as 'crying chocolate pudding', 'almond cake' and 'cappucino cake' it was to our delight they had the 'trio of desserts' option. For only 6.95 you got a slightly smaller version of three of the desserts - fantastic value. The almond cake was so moist, although for me a little bland but then I'm not the biggest almond person. The crying chocolate cake was the opposite - rich and dark and brooding. I think it's called crying cake as it almost made me cry tears of joy. And the capuccino cake was lovely and tart and not overly sweet.

But the winner hands down was the rhubarb and ginger sorbet. It was just...so...rhubarby!! Seriously. The most rhubarby flavoured rhubarb thing (apart from actual rhubarb) that I've tasted. So refreshing and brilliant to cleanse the palate.

This place is an absolutely fantastic find. It has that real neighbourhood hidden gem vibe to it, one that you'd be delighted to stumble up on by accident. As Jurgen said, despite being a Monday night it was almost full by people in the know. 

Huge props to the staff as well. I booked the table for 11 at 5pm that night, and despite being full they accomodated us without any fuss. The staff also all tried really hard, and the front of house / owner was really helpful and genuinely nice.

Oh and another favourite - the coneryor belt effect of food. Just when you'd finished one, another came, and so on and so forth. As Aidan has said, this was great as it meant it didn't all come at once and go cold. I could get used to all these many, many, many small plates of food...!
Indaba is a nice alternative to meal offerings in Edinburgh, in my limited knowledge, I don't know any other establishment offering South African, Venezuelan and tapas! I'll definitely return, to try more of their offerings, although I wasn't super wowed the first time. 

Large groups worked in this case - loads of plates were ordered but being the only veggie, I did manage to scoff two on my own. Sorry peeps - but there was plenty of meat being shared around! I tried out an arepa with aubergine, feta and caramelised olives. The corn patty arepa was much thicker and glutinous than I expected, and the flavours of the filling didn't really stand up in competition, so overall, it felt a little bland. It's an odd dish, and due to the heaviness, size definitely didn't matter, and filled me up amazingly quickly. Patatas bravas - potatoes were not fried, which I didn't expect but the sauce was delicious. Patatas con aioli were my favourite - I think it is the crispiness of the potato matched with thick garlicky mayonnaise just works for me. The fallen tower of aubergine, mozzarella and tomato just really didn't carry much flavour - it looked fantastic though. 

I should give special mention to the bread given to us at the beginning - rosemary home made bread - oh, so very delicious. 

So, what I have concluded is that I just need to eat more of the dishes on offer here - especially the fish, and explore other options on the vegetarian menu to see what else Indaba offers before I fully make my mind up. You still bring a smile to my heart!
Om. Nom nom. Om nom nom nom.

This was basically the sound 'round the table of a dozen Yelpers one Monday evening, chowing down gleefully on a vast assortment of small plates. Lest the concept of 'small plates' puts in your mind a vision of a miniscule apertif consisting mostly of two bites, fear not - Indaba's tapas (say that ten times fast) are large enough that you can pass your plate around the table and still have enough mouthfuls to fully appreciate the beauty of the food. 

I ordered the gambas mixtas (garlic and chili prawns, enormous, juicy and butterflied beautifully) and courgette-wrapped feta, delicately flavored. I also snuck bites of the haggis (truly incredible, and in a Spanish restaurant of all places), the steak, pork ribs and baked goats cheese. They were all spot-on. Wonderfully enough, the food didn't come out all at once, but in well-paced succession so that you never had to fear - the next tasty bite was just around the corner and nothing had time to get cold. The service was friendly and perfectly accommodating to a large party. All that, and reasonably priced (and good) house wine makes Indaba a favorite.
I would love to be able to give this place a positive review for its food, but unfortunately since I never got to try it, I won't be able to. 

Indaba really let me down in the simplest of ways. I called on a Wednesday evening to make a reservation for the upcoming Saturday. I made sure to repeat my request for a table for 8 people, at 8pm on Saturday evening several times to ensure that the lady I was speaking to got it right. 

Imagine my surprise when I turned up at 8pm with 8 people on Saturday night and there was no table for us! The host and hostess initially felt quite strongly that we were responsible for the miscommunication over the table booking, despite the fact that in the booking book, the lady had got not only the date for the reservation wrong, but my name, my phone number, and the amount of people my table was for! I was really disappointed as I think it's pretty fundamental that a restaurant should be able to take a booking over the telephone correctly - but they hadn't got one single part of it right!

Customer service is such an important way of building up and maintaining a loyal customer base, and had the owners of this restaurant managed to overcome their error in a suitable way, they may still have salvaged their reputation with myself and my group of friends, however, everything about this experience was quite unpleasant and it really makes me reluctant to give this place a second chance, which is shame as I was really looking forward to trying it. 

Not only did Indaba lose out on a big booking on Saturday night, but they also have lost out on our future custom, and the future custom of family and friends, who are keen to take all recommendations I can give them for good places to eat in Edinburgh. Shame.
Best Tortilla I've had outside of spain, hands down. Definitely the most authentico spanish meal I've had since 2008 (when I was IN Spain!) and you all really have no idea how much this pleases me. 
My parents are in town visiting, so this is where I decided to take them for their first scottish meal. Not very scottish, I know... But it was definitely a very good first impression of the Edinburgh food scene for them! We ordered a full spread of chorizo, tortilla, patatas bravas, the works! Everything was great, and the owner is a really lovely guy. 
Because they are little plates, it's very easy to run your bill up quite a bit, so bear that in mind before you order the whole menu, like we did! 
I'll definitely be back again!
While in Edinburgh for business, two of my compatriots dined at Indaba based on a tour guide's suggestion for something off the beaten path near our hotel.  Indaba did not disappoint!  From the excellent pairing of wines with our tapas, we got 6 tapas for 3 people and then had room for dessert.  While all the tapas were excellent, the one we cannot stop talking about is the goat cheese, with caramelized onions and drizzled with balsamic vinegar.  Amazing.  Seriously.  We ate it with a spoon, scraping the plate when we were finished.  Ridiculously delicious!  And the trio of desserts--that crying cake was incredible.  It was so good, it is nearly worth another jump across the pond just for dinner.  Definitely make reservations--we walked in for a _very_ early dinner on our last night without them, and almost didn't get to enjoy Indaba--all tables were reserved!  Luckily, they squeezed us into a table and we could not have been more grateful.  If you are a local, or in to Edinburgh for business or pleasure, go here!
Stopped off for a bite before going to the Cameo for a show.  Excellent food and fantastic service!
Friendly staff and a nice refreshing spin on Tapas. I had mixed meat balls and a Haggis, pine nuts and spinach creation served with bread and olive oil & balsamic.
The meat balls were a little under seasoned to my taste, but easily fixed, the Haggis was very nice.
Recommended, I'd come again but consider booking because I was quite early and there were a lot of apparently reserved tables.
Talk about hiding your light under a bushel! 

This little cafe-style restaurant is tucked away in a little side-street in shabby Tollcross. Have faith, though, because this place is stellar. Indaba is very casual cafe-style inside with loads to look at - from the light fittings to the iguanas on the wall. 

The food is seriously good. The three owners are influenced by their countries of origin - South African, Spanish, Venezuelean - and have adapted their dishes by incorporating Scottish ingredients. I have never had haggis with spinach and pine nuts before, but I'll happily re-visit Indaba to have it again. The ribs are just divine. 

These are generous tapas portions, so that if you order 2 or 3 each, you'll end up - as we did - with a fabulously varied feast on the table before you. Each dish different, expertly cooked, and with the flavours perfectly balanced. 

It's not often I find myself quitely obsessing about a restaurant, but I certainly do with Indaba, and can't wait for another visit.
Now, we're talking.  This place is a real hidden gem.  Doesn't look like much from the outside and I certainly have passed it many times without even noticing it was there.
Anyway I'd been reading about it and I'd also been told about the place by the local wine merchant, so hey ho, here we are, booking a table.
Warm welcome, wide selection of tapas on the menu and quite a few specials too.  Good selection of drinks.  
We ordered olives for aperitif, with a half of Estralla.  They were delicious.  I am an olive addict and there were the best olives I've had in quite a while.   
For the three of us, we were advised to order 7 tapas.  So we got a mix of meat, fish and veggie tapas.  
The service was quick and excellent, the food delicious. We also opted for the trio of desserts to share, which was completely unnecessary as we were stuffed, but soooo good.  I am a huge fan of sorbet and I cannot recommend the sorbet enough.
The food is a selection of Spanish, South American and South African tapas, so you can really do a round-the-world tasting.
Last but not least, not only it was a great experience, but it also didn't break the bank.
Keep the good work Indaba, we will visit again.  Soon.
I really liked this quirky little restaurant. I will make it known right now that I'm not a fan of tapas (what's with all these tiny little dishes and I have to eat wee scoops of six vastly different foods that don't really work with each other and argh, someone's eating most of the one I like the best and now I'm too polite to grab the rest and I've been left with the duff dish and THIS ISN'T WORKING). 

The bloke isn't a fan of tapas either, for similar reasons to me. But we both toddled along to Indaba due to all the good reviews on Yelp. It's a fusion of Spanish and South African food, so already a bit quirky and odd, and there's this guy who I think is the owner and he's quirky and odd too. So it's all quite unusual in its presentation. 

The restaurant is always packed. You need to book in advance for this place. The windows are sweaty and there are strange paintings and ornaments throughout. But my, the food is gooooooood. 

Even with the tapas theme, my other half and I chowed down to a range of dishes and each and every one was delicious. I will definitely be back here. It's odd, unusual, a strange fusion of foods coupled with the fact that it's one of those little hideaway places means it deserves its reputation.
I have been to Indaba on three occasions and been overwhelmed each time. The fusion of South African and South American served tapas style is fantastic. Great sharing if there are a few of you, I have tried most of the menu and love it. You have to get the plantain sandwich
I am officially obsessed with this place! It's small, so booking in advance on a weekend is probably a good idea. 

We shared an array of tapas. Some were tapas del dia (of the day) like the sea bass and the cazuela de chorizo which was chorizo cooked in a red wine reduction. The croquetas de zetas were also special for that day. These aren't your regular croquettes by any means, they are much bigger than typical Spanish croquetas, but they are just as delicious! Very nice crunchy exterior with a creamy savoury light bechamel with minced mushrooms. Officially in love. We also loved the torre de queso, the caramelised onion sauce was a perfect match for the mildly tangy goats cheese, absolute heaven. Also loved the South American inspired arepa! The only tapa that was a let down in my opinion were the patatas bravas. I love patata bravas and always give them a go when they are on the menu. These papas tasted oddly baked/flame grilled, not the typical crispy exterior you usually expect from papas bravas. These potatoes seemed to be better called papas arrugadas, which is a very tasty dish from the Canary Islands with a spicy sauce too, slightly different but just a tasty. 

I wouldn't order the papas bravas again but would happily order all the other dishes I've already mentioned as well as any other tasty ones from the menu. Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying some new delicious tapas.
This is a small restaurant around the corner from the King's Theatre and is well worth finding if you're in the area.  I've been twice now and haven't found a single thing on the menu that didn't taste great.  It's tapas but with a South African influence.  

The staff are really great - they will explain stuff off the menu in as much detail as you need and they're really chatty and friendly and they'll keep your glass of water topped up all evening - something I really like.  The whole place has a lovely relaxed vibe.  The prices are pretty reasonable - for three of us sharing 8 dishes (3 of them off the specials menu which can be a bit more expensive) and a bottle of wine, it came to under 60.  

The menu is a great variety of veggie, meaty and fishy options and there is plenty for every palate.  The haggis with spinach and pine nuts was lovely - I like haggis but would never have thought of serving it like that.  And the nicest chorizo, done in cider and onions.  You'll have no problem finding a few things you like on this menu.

They even took the time to come over and explain that they had run out of home-made banoffee pie because they had catered a large function the night before, so they'd bought one in from a supplier instead, but assured us it was still really good.  The desserts looked good, especially the range of ice creams and sorbets, but we had absolutely no room left.  

If you're in this part of Edinburgh, definitely search out this place and give it a go.
Indaba is a nice little tapas place in Tollcross, almost hidden away on a side street.

Me and Tanja R. had 5 different tapas, as that is how many they recommend for 2 people. Ok, we could have had only 4 but generally 4-5 feeds two people just fine, depending on your appetite.

We had cured meats, cheese, olives and almonds. The almonds I enjoyed a lot - toasted and a nice nibble with a glass of wine. 
Also ordered croquetas, chorizo, grilled halloumi salad and goat cheese with caramelised onion. Really enjoyed the halloumi salad - the cheese was perfectly pan fried and very soft.

The service was friendly as well and they will show you a board of daily specials. 

Our bill for 2 people with 5 tapas and a glass of wine was about 35.
I had an absolutely lovely dining experience at Indaba and really felt that the service was really top notch - the staff totally made the night for me.

First of all I'm probably a bit biased when it comes to anything tapas related. I love tapas. If I could go into any restaurant and order things tapas style, I would. A small plate of food to share is my idea of perfection, so I was so delighted to read good reviews about the tapas place a five minute walk from my office.

We ordered four tapas and one dessert for two people, plus a couple of extra servings of bread to mop up the delicious sauces, which with a healthy glass of wine and bottle of beer came to about 40. This was more than enough food for us, we left feeling totally satisfied. We ordered one of the daily specials and the garlic prawns, but the two winners were the fallen tower of aubergine, beef tomato and mozzarella, and the pork ribs baked in chilli, tomato and honey. I totally recommend trying these two dishes, they were sublime. Upon reading so many reviews online, we finished off the course with the 'crying cake' which was so delicious. A warm chocolate pudding that when prodded, 'cries' rich chocolate sauce. Despite not being much of a dessert person, this totally blew my mind.

As I mentioned earlier though, it really was the staff that did it for me. They brought the daily specials board over to us which was actually a really nice touch, it wasn't hard to catch their attention if we needed extra bread or drinks despite being quite busy, they brought the dishes out one at a time in perfect succession so nothing went cold and they even gave us a complimentary shot of lychee and vodka at the end of our meal with the bill. Winner! I can definitely see myself becoming a regular here.
Multi-continental tapas with modest friendly service? Sure!
"Peanut-butter jelly time"!  The perfect brunch natured meal for us kids at heart.  The peanut-butter jelly French-toast is unique, delicious and comes with excellent service.
Tried Wine 5 for the first time today very friendly staff and the food was great will be back to try more!!!
Haven't tried the wine here, so can't comment on that yet.  But....it's the perfect little breakfast place with a unique menu.  My husband ordered the peanut-butter & jelly pancakes, and loved them.  I went with the healthy breakfast (oatmeal, egg whites, etc) and it was fantastic!  The other two in our party enjoyed their meals too!  The customer service is just right....helpful, but not stalker-ish.
I actually really liked this place, service was excellent and feel and decor is inviting and relaxed. 

The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because there are no Vegetarian items. A basic salad is not enough for most vegetarians, and I can make that at home. I hope they add a few Veggie friendly items soon and continue the great quality of food they turn out.  

 Luckily we eat seafood and got to try the Salmon and Ahi tacos. The tacos come out disassembled and you build your own taco, which I really like. The Tacos come with a Avocado puree, cabbage and a tomato salsa, which when all put together is a explosion of flavor. The shells are fried and remind me of my moms which is a good thing.
4 stars for my breakfast review!  Great atmosphere, a good breakfast at a reasonable price.  The PJ French toast was very good.  I look forward to going back for lunch or dinner!
Never have I gotten more out of such an unassuming restaurant. I was looking on Yelp for a new spot to check out and randomly picked Wine 5 Cafe mostly due to its close proximity to our house.

Pulling into the parking lot, I didn't expect much. Nothing too spectacular visually from outside.

I ordered the salmon upon the suggestion of our server and my wife had the blackened chicken breast. As our dishes first became visible in the window yo be delivered to our table, we knew we were in for a pleasant surprise.

Every aspect of the food was incredible. Presentation? Amazing. Freshness? Amazing. Preparation? Amazing. Flavors? Amazing. Price? Incredible. 

I can't say enough about how great this place is. Highly, highly, highly recommended - and I don't impress easily.
The other afternoon I turned the wrong direction onto Cheyenne and caught a glimpse of a new restaurant in the space that used to be Gallo's.  I went inside and saw a lot of the familiar decor, but with a fresh new look.  White tablecloths, though plastic, were the fancy kind, and flowers on the table created a whole new atmosphere.  I looked at the menu, liked what I saw, and returned for dinner tonight.  We were a group of eight.

I didn't look at bottle prices for the wine, but some of the per-glass prices were a bit steep.  My husband and I ordered Riesling, which was the least expensive, but that's not why we ordered it.  We just prefer it.  But the brand listed was Chateau Ste. Michelle, which is our least favorite.  When it was served, we were astounded that they would substitute a different brand and not tell us - this wine was delicious!  We soon learned from the owner, who brought over the bottle, that THIS Ste. Michelle was a completely different vintage from the cheaper stuff every other bar and restaurant serves!  

Half the couples ordered beef tacos as an appetizer.  The beef is served in a small crispy tortilla bowl, and the fixings, including guacamole, surround it.  I had a taste and it was delicious.  For me, it would have been a meal.  But they're bigger eaters.

Three people ordered the rib steak and pronounced it terrific.  It was served with brown rice and a mixture of fresh asparagus, green beans, and julienned carrots, as were all the other entrees.  I'm not a fan of brown rice, but there was nothing to substitute for it, so I got it anyway.  It was more like a risotto, which I'm usually not crazy about, but in this case it was a definite improvement over the usually bland brown rice.

My husband ordered blackened tuna, and another friend had blackened salmon.  Both were perfectly prepared, though she complained about the salt, which is why I never order blackened anything - virtually all brands of that seasoning have salt as their first ingredient.  I tasted both, and the fish was astoundingly good (if you discount the seasoning).  Another friend had one of the specialty salads as her main, and she raved about it.

My own entree was the only one that was disappointing.  I ordered the Spicy Shrimp in Lime Garlic Sauce.  The shrimp were on the small side, though overall there were enough of them.  I'd rather have fewer, larger shrimp.  But I tasted no lime and no garlic, and it seemed to be in a thin tomato-y sauce that was nothing like what I was expecting.  When I asked the waitress to bring me some lime, she returned with lemon quarters.  Not the same!!!  She checked in the kitchen and returned to tell me that they have no fresh limes - the dish is made with processed lime juice.  The vegetables were excellent, but my brown rice was good halfway through.  Then I got to a hard lump that obviously had sat in the pot too long and was scraped from the side.  It wasn't burned, just hard and dried out.  

Had I not been so disappointed in my own dish (which wasn't terrible, just blah), I would have given this place five stars.  After all, seven out of eight of us loved our entrees.  But we all loved the ambience, the comfort, and an owner who was present throughout.  We will definitely return soon.
Well, it looks like a nice place. We live on the Eastside, but were running some errands in the northwest. We really wanted to try Wine 5. We got there at 9:25 for some breakfast. It said on Yelp that they are open at 9am and also said 9am on their "closed" sign... But they were closed. Sucks because it looked like my kind of place.
Driving through Vegas on a 1,400 mile road-trip I stopped to see a friend in Vegas. She was also from out of town but since her mom lived there I thought she would know where to go. Wrong. No problem, Yelp iPhone app to the rescue, yet again!

I wanted some place where I could get a sandwich or salad. And this place looked like it had some positive reviews and was new. We drove the couple miles to get there and it was totally worth it.

The place had a great charm to it and a very friendly staff. Our waitress was kind and helpful.  She's very enthusiastic about the restaurant and the menu and it shows. The food was great, as was the Malbec she recommended. The ahi tuna tacos my friends had were tasty and perfectly seared- not overdone. The turkey-bacon-avocado-with cranberry aioli that I ordered was not only really tasty and on a delicious bun, but was also a large portion. It was perfect fuel for my last few hundred miles of the drive back to San Diego.

Las Vegas is definitely lucky to have this new cafe with a lot of soul and a talented staff. Try this place out and support a great new business. I hope you have as nice a meal as we did. :-D
I'm looking at all the previoius four and five star reviews and wondering if we went to the same place...

Having read their website's bio of the chef and their commitment to fresh ingredients, I thought it was well worth a try as my wife and I like to try to support new, worthwhile eateries in our part of town.  

there was a sax player playing over some canned background music or a synthesizer or something...it was just o.k. musically, but waaay too loud.

I was interested to try the "fried vegetable logs".  The waitress brought a pile of fried mixed vegetables...swimming in a pool of greenish liquid, and topped with melted cheese.  I asked about the liqud and she told me it was from the green chili sauce (which I was never able to detect except for the runny pool of liquid at the bottom of the plate.  consequently, the fried vegetables were a soggy mess.

After that came the salad...well, not exactly.  Just a few minutes after getting our soggy appetizer the waitress kind of aplogized and told us our main courses were on the way out, and that if we wanted, she could put the fried vegetables on the table behind us, since our two top was too small to hold the tree oversized plates.  As far as I was concerned she could take it anywhere...just take it.  Sure enough, out came the main courses, but no salad.  That came about five minutes later, and again due to a lack of room the waitress offered to put it on the table behind us.  I was starting to get frustrated so I told her that I'd just pass on the salad.  As she was taking it back to the kitchen, the manager saw her return it, but didn't say a word to us about it.

The entrees themselves were underwhelming at best.  My pork chops were dry adn swimming in a brown sauce that had too much salt (and too much demi glace).  And there were enough chunks of bland potatoes for three servings...this from a guy who loves potatoes.  My wife's club sandwich was unremarkable at best.

As we were finishing the manager/maitre d' came over to ask how our dinner had been.  Too little too late.  I toldhim it was fine, just because I wanted to be done with the whole experience.  And now I am.
I think Wine 5 Cafe is a good addition to the restaurant scene in "Old Summerlin", as the area has come to be called.

Four of us went together around 2pm and two of our group were able to still order breakfast, despite the menu saying we couldn't - always a plus.  On the Breakfast side, two omelettes were order and enjoyed - the Very Cheesy and Fluffy was exactly what it said and the other omelette, ordered scrambled, was full of good stuff.  What I noticed about each was that the chef really knew his business about eggs.  Neither dish was over- nor under-cooked, neither was dry and neither had a plate of egg water under it.  This is surprisingly uncommon and implies both dishes were cooked in a pan, not a griddle - increasingly uncommon.  Each was also served with a healthy portion of hash browns, which were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside - salt was needed, however.

On the lunch side, my brother and I each ordered a burger, he, the "Hickory Smoked", and I, "The Exception".  I found the Exception to be basically well-formed with a great bun and their signature red onion marmalade, however the meat was a bit over-cooked and not flavorful despite being cooked in "spices and red wine braised".  Also, the shredded iceberg doesn't work for me.  I wouldn't necessarily describe this burger as exceptional.  My brother's Hickory smoked was perfectly-cooked and very flavorful with bacon and pepper jack cheese.  If I ordered his burger, I would be inclined to give this place its fourth star.

On the appetizer side, we tried the "Nairobi City Park Ahi Tuna Tacos".  We'd never heard of African tacos before and given the great variety of things that can be found in the Street Taco concept, we were game.  After questioning the name, the waitress informed us that both the cooks are Kenyan and most of their food has elements of African seasoning.  Let me say, I wish this came through more in my burger because these were some of the best fish tacos I've ever eaten.  The chucks of Ahi were well-seasoned and mixed with great in-season tomatoes that were perfection!  We were supplied with extra tortillas free of charge - another plus.

I found our waitress to be pleasant and helpful and concerned with actually connecting with each guest and her recommendations were for the most part right-on.  

A few other notes - the wine list was quite good.  Though I didn't have wine, I knew about 3/4 of the list. And, of those that I didn't know, they seemed like good selections.

What would make this place 4 star?
The burger.  Although my brother's was good, I have to give my rating based on my food mainly, and the burger needed help.  I think this is probably a consistency thing however, not a major problem.  Once in a while food is not perfect.

What would make this place 5 stare?

I'd have a hard time making this a 5 star joint, which has nothing to do with its food, but its marketing.  I think a 5 star joint has to be at the top of its particular field.  Wine 5 actually sits between two types, upscale and diner/breakfast place.  Since it is not at the top of former, I can't give it the full 5.  But that's just how I play the ratings game...

Bottom line:  Great menu with fresh variety and something for everyone.  I'll definitely go back to see if I can give it that fourth star...
This place is great for going out to dinner with friends! The decor is inviting and super quint. The wait staff is very friendly and never neglected our table. We ordered the appetizer sampler platter, the chicken tacos and the spicy chicken wings were so good. I have no idea what spices they used but it was delicious. The platter also came with the southwest egg rolls which I would order as a meal in itself. 
 I had the cojita salad which was a huge portion but had a little but to much dressing on it for me. My boyfriend had the Salmon Ruben which was piled with perfectly cooked Salmon fillet (I don't even like fish but I like this Salmon!) We we're way to full to order dessert but the choices were very tempting. 
 I will definitely be returning to try out other things on the menu and I really want to try their breakfast menu as well.
I dont usually give 5 stars on anything but this place deserves it. The drunken frito misto (hope I spelled it right) platter was an amazing appetizer. its says it serves 2 but could easily serve 3. but just like everything else here the portions are HUGE.  I got the salmon ruben for my entree and it was great. I thought that salmon on a rueben would have been odd but it wasnt at all. the sandwich had a tasty remoulade with cooked cabbage and wasn't that usual sour kraut from a can that alot of restaurants put on there ruebens. The salmon was cooked perfect and juicy, the rye bread was buttery and crispy delicious. Overall decore was cute and thoughtful ( even the place is relatively small the place feels big and open with giant glass windows to see right into the kitchen), service was professional ( all servers wear ties and white dress shirts italian bistro style) and friendly and I never felt abandoned,  food portions are gigantic and everything seems to be made from scratch very fresh tasting. I guess the bottom line is you wont leave disappointed or hungry thats for sure.
A nice place to eat.  Great food and service.  The menu is unique creative. The owner really cares about his family owned business and it shows.  I'm so glad places like this still exist amidst the glut of food chains.
The place is cute and service was friendly, but very, very slow.  We went on a Wednesday at 7pm, not expecting the place to be busy.  I wonder if they have a senior early bird special I don't know about.  The restaurant was quite full with an older crowd and the live entertainment consisted of a guy singing and one on keyboard - both of retirement age- playing songs from the 50s.  The crowd seemed to be enjoying themselves.
I was disappointed in the menu.  The most intriguing thing I saw were the Nairobi City tacos.  I ordered Ahi Tuna and the portions were huge.  But the tuna was overcooked and chewy.  It was served with "pice de gallo" which tasted more like unseasoned canned tomatoes to me.  There wasn't much flavor to the entire dish and the guacamole sauce was very pale green and tasted like the avocado had been stretched a bit too far.
I would not recommend unless you enjoy bland food.
Disclaimer: though my husband worked with the owner a few years back, at a casino, we were not given a freebie in any way/shape/form for our meal here. So this review is the real deal (then again, all of mine are). I just wanted to make this clear.

How did we find out about this place? My husband ran into the owner while on a shopping trip- they worked together so they did some catching up. My husband asked me to look it up, the menu sounded really good (and was reasonable), plus, a couple of the reviewers here (only 15) mentioned the Salmon Reuben, which I was eager to try. So, a couple weeks later, we came for lunch; this was yesterday. This used to be Gallo's (pizza & pasta)- I never actually went here, but the former company I worked for (which was around the corner), ordered food from this place on a regular basis.

We don't live in the area, so this a bit of a drive (located in the Target shopping center, on the corner of Cheyenne & Tenaya), but the 95 makes it a bit easier. But the trip was well worth it. The ambiance is very nice (this is what remains of Gallo's), kinda reminds me of Mimi's Cafe but not as kitschy, more on the elegant and tasteful side. It almost feels like a bistro (minus the snooty wait service and the high prices). The servers are dressed in white shirts and black pants. 

Tino (the owner) sat with us for a bit, for a quick chat/visit. I already knew what I was going to order. The official name is Mr. & Mrs. Reuben- your choice of beef, chicken, or salmon. My husband ordered the Cheyenne Pork Sandwich. We also got a side of fries. The water is filtered BTW (my husband tasted the difference). The sandwiches came with a side salad with a vinaigrette dressing (wasn't listed in the menu). My sandwich was so yummy. Normally, when the sandwich falls apart, I get frustrated, but this was a different experience. The salmon was a generous size, and it was flavorful and juicy (not dry at all, or overdone- hate when fish is overdone). The marble rye was very good, and the sauerkraut was a decent amount as well. This instantly became my favorite! I am a huge reuben fan (but I don't get it as often as I would like) and this was the first of its kind, for me. I didn't finish the bread part though, because it was a big sandwich- I finished the rest of the salmon (heck ya!). Plus, I had the side salad (pretty good, actually, except the occasional bitter leaf) and the fries (served in a parchment-lined bowl, standing, and perfectly seasoned. My husband let me have a bit of his sandwich and the pork was really full of flavor (I don't eat pork much). The bill was around $23.00 for the both of us. It seemed slow for a sunday afternoon, but they told us that typically July & August are the slowest  months. There was another party besides us.

This is a Las Vegas gem- so I am calling on all my yelp'er friends out there to come to this restaurant and show your support (and write those reviews too). There are appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, and entrees, as well as sides, and breakfast, too- it is described as a restaurant with fusion food featuring a Kenyan twist (the head chef- my compliments BTW). Some of the names of the dishes feature streets in town like, Cheyenne, Tenaya, and Warm Springs. Many of the items are under $10.00, maybe six items on the menu are over $10, but  under $20.00. There are so many things on the menu that seem really delicious. We're eager to try other things on our next visit. My husband really wants to try the PB & J French Toast!!!  

The website probably needs some updating. The hours are listed as 9-9 daily, but it's really 11-9 mon-fri, listed on the takeout menu (order for pickup) and the front door. 

Oh, I almost forgot- this restaurant was mentioned in the Las Vegas Review Journal and Seven magazine (the best of Las Vegas issue)- not bad for being open for 5 months. Check out the link for the LVRJ:

http://www.lvrj.com/view/five-is-the-magic-number-for-new-summerlin-area-eatery-122489479.html

Long live Wine 5 Cafe! I'm hoping to spread the word about this place.
I made 3 trips here. The first having tried the Veggie Logs and Caesar salad. The veggies was a new experience for me. That's why I keep coming back. The salad came in a nice presentation. On my second trip I came for lunch. Again I wanted to try something new so I opt for the Salmon Reuben. The portion was huge. I didn't expect to be full just from lunch. So then on my third visit I just ordered the cheese omelet. But of course I had to have the ahi tune taco to start with :). Big mistake. For an appetizer there was more tuna than tortilla. 
IMO the the place has both quantity as well as quality. I will always be coming back. 
But the reason why 4 star is that for a place to carry 'wine' in its name I would have expected to hold a large selection of the drink.
My friends and I ate at this restaurant last night! Wow, I cannot possibly describe how amazing this food was. I had the most incredible chicken, so tender, so full of spices I have not had in any other food. The wait staff was super upbeat and kept the food coming. We met the chef, and owners, and fell in love with them too. Their charm was so wonderful. Try the salmon, and the ribeye. Cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.
Fantastic food and friendly service! I would recomend this as a must try location! American delight with a twist!
Don't be afraid of Kenyan fussion like I was at first!! This location is a wonderful find. We were greeted pleasantly as soon as we walked in. Our waitress, Jasmine, had a very good feel for describing their menu. All American classics with a Kenyan twist. I had the pork sandwich, and I thought it was one of the best I've ever eaten. MY friend had a wedge salad, which was primarily fresh fruit (honeydew, cantelope, and watermelon) with a wedge of lettuce, and a yogurt cranberry dressing. He said it was great-his daughters getting married next month and he needs to fit into the tux!!!! I only wish the wine list had a more upscale offering. Not more expensive, but perhaps a Stags Leap 2008 Merlot ($23.99 retail). I must admit that I didn't have wine for lunch, so I'll be back to assess the situation more extensively. Perhaps on a Friday and really examine!! Lol
A great little, quaint spot in a strip mall that offers different fare, for a decent price. Bravo Tino, well done!!!
I had the "Amped up!" burger with a side of fries and it was soooo delicious! My waitress was very nice and the atmosphere was very welcoming. Loved it! Went back the next night and had another wonderful me! Im hooked! Great price too.
This establishment replaced the sadly closed Gallo's Pizza, located near the Target at Tenaya and Cheyenne.  

When the new owners took over the space of the former restaurant, they completely refitted the look from a pizza joint to an upscale, charming sidewalk-esque cafe with Americano food done pretty well.  The menu offers some really original and well put together dishes as well as boasting a breakfast original that won an award for "Best Breakfast Dish in Vegas" i.e. the amazing Nick's French Toast special from Seven Magazine.  

As far as the service goes, I went on a Tuesday early evening and was sadly the only one in the restaurant.  This wouldn't have bothered me so much if it wasn't plainly evident to the waiter that he was not making any money that day and he was kind of put out that all I ordered was a sandwich.  Oh, well.  His undetectable personality didn't ruin my meal.

That sandwich?  Best Club Sandwich I've ever had.  Cranberry chipotle mayo with Avocado?  Just great!  

Said sandwich came with some tossed greens in a light dressing.  Unfortunately, there was a little too much dressing that soaked into my bread on my sandwich so that wasn't great.

Aside from that, the prices are good, the chefs in the back were taking a break as I walked by to wash my hands and were very friendly and chatty, and the decour is cute.  They have live jazz/performances now and then and I think it's a great local place to check out.
If you want to learn about someone observe what they bring to the table. The food served will speak volumes about who they are, their family, their heritage, and their culture. The owner, Grace, is the epitome of this experience. Serving what she refers to as a fusion of American and Kenyan cuisine, the dining experience is a culinary eden. It is a small, comfortable restaurant. In particular, the "Kenyan Feast" (which must be reserved in advance) is something you must experience. It is unfortunate, there is only a 5-Star rating  as I would give them 10-Stars..
You know, it makes me really sad when I wish and want a business to succeed and attempt to frequent it and just get... shot down.

Upon my third visit to Wine 5 Cafe, while sitting, waiting for the Tenaya Club sandwich, (which is just DELICIOUS), I realized that this venue isn't a place that made me feel welcome.  

When I entered, two of the cooks were sitting at a table, eating dinner.  They flat out stared at me.  No smiles, no hello, no "Oh, would you like a table?"  They stared at the guy in the T-shirt and jeans who wanted to stop in for a sandwich.  My unsmiling waitress offered me a booth, stated she was going to get me a glass of water and, upon me requesting iced tea, completely forgot about the water and just brought me the iced tea.  I requested a water as well sometime later.  

I gave her my order for the sandwich, (Her reply: "Just the sandwich?") and it was quiet for a bit.  They turned the lights on, started up the music, and I relaxed while my sandwich was prepared.    

What made me happy was that obviously someone is reading reviews, because my salad that had the dressing run into my bread is now contained in a bowl.  Nice.  

Waitress didn't check up on me until I was done.  When I said I was done, she took my dishes AND my drinks away!  No refills or anything?  Well.

I signed off my receipt and left.  

Being that I was the only one in the entire restaurant, I would think that everyone - the cooks, the waitress - SOMEONE would try a little harder to be friendly, make me feel welcome.  But I felt like this was a place that was catering to a different clientele, let it be couples or families or seniors or whatever - something that I wasn't welcome to.  And I'm okay with that.   Because there are plenty of other places that will greet me with a smile who serve delicious sandwiches as well.
My husband & I eat here atleast 2 to 3 weekends a month. We usally eat breakfast. I have tried most breakfast dishes off the menu & my fav's are the Southwest Happy Huevos & the PJ French Toast - yummy!  All the wait staff that we have encountered has always been friendly & accomendating. We have eaten dinner a few times. We enjoy the Fried Southwest Eggroll appetizers & I love their Seared Salmon & the prices are very reasonable.
Last night I decided to go to Wine 5 Cafe for dinner and brought 3 other with me. Having a gluten allergy makes it very hard to find places I can eat but this wasn't a problem there. I ordered the Tuna medium rare which came out perfect. Also it was huge! Normally you get a tiny piece of tuna at most places, but this thing was big. It also came with veggies which were to die for. For a gluten free meal it was delicious and filled me up. My fianc ordered Tilapia, which again was no small meal. He ate the whole thing, which says a lot for him because he is a picky eater. I don't remember what my cousin ordered but I know she was very happy with her meal as well. But the biggest person to please was my father, I don't know what the exact name of it was but it was a spicy seafood dish. When it comes to food he can be a tough one to please. All I know is he ate it all and loved it!! He even wants to come back and try their breakfast. We absolutely loved Wine 5 Cafe. The food was phenomenal, affordable, flavorful, and filling. Needless to say I will be a repeat customer.
I was very impressed with the menu pricing, atmosphere and overall the attentiveness we received during our visit. This was my first time here and I decided to try the traditional Nyama and Ugali dish. I must admit, I was a bit skeptical of it but was pleasantly surprised by the taste. The Palenta has a similar taste to grits (bland) with cheese; make sure to mix the spinach saute. I can't wait to come back again. I recommend this place. Thank you to the owner/chef for coming to our table and asking about our order and how we enjoyed everything.
Great little place to eat with great food and kind service. Treat yourself to a night out dinning here.
Yay! I'm a fan! 4 1/2 stars.  I am so darn excited to share the joys of this tiny hidden treasure...,my fingertips are tingling!

We sought out a lunch venue in the NW area from a trusty source (yelp) and once again, we were not disappointed.  

Apparently, the Wine 5 Cafe has been around for about 1 year.  It is painfully obvious that this location used to be a little Italian place.  It is very very cute and inviting but does nothing to support the Kenyan infused menu boasted by the Wine 5 Cafe.

That said, the food, service, and value are impeccable.  4 ladies tried 4 different items: The Salad, Chicken Salad, Ahi Tuna Tacos, and The House Special: Nairobi Fish Sandwich.  Everything was large, fresh, flavorful, and tasty.  Not one complaint.  We also saw a burger pass by our table...it looked excellent.  My fish sandwich had a chipotle mayo, lettuce, avocado and flaky, white, lightly battered fish.  It was served with a small mixed green salad.  It was delicious.  The ahi tuna tacos were roll em yourself street style tortillas with big chunks of medium ahi and a creamy avocado sauce.  The Salad had loads of chicken, shrimp, beets, corn, and loads of other stuff.   It was very impressive.  

I'll go back and I'd recommend it to all.
Okay, this was miles better than any of my experiences I've had here.

To give a little background of "Jez, why did you go back to a place you don't care for?"

One of the staff contacted me, apologizing profusely, and asked if I would re-evaluate the restaurant on a different day.  Due to the fact that I received a lengthy E-mail that was professional, polite, and written from the heart, I really couldn't say no.  So I dropped in one evening and informed them that I would be joining them for breakfast the next day.  

Breakfast was a pleasure.  I had the award winning French Toast, a decadent meal of french toast stuffed with sliced bananas, nutella, covered with ice cream, strawberries, powdered sugar, and chocolate sauce.  Totally bomb.  Never having for breakfast again, as would have made a much better dessert, but wow, just delicious.  I ordered the Chai which was different from the traditional chai that I enjoy at Indian Restaurants - it's smoother and less spiced, which offset the sweetness of the entree.

My lovely partner had an omelet with perfectly seasoned potatoes and caramelized onions that were plentiful and well prepared.  

As far as I'm concerned - this restaurant, as far as breakfast goes, should be a regular staple in the breakfast wars scene of Cracked Egg and Babystacks and all of those because they offer a mean breakfast at a great price and- out of all the servers I had, the girls who I met the previous night and the one who served me breakfast were sweet, smiling, and on the ball.  

It was a pleasure to meet the owners - they stressed their attention to detail in that they read reviews and take them to heart - pointing out changes they've made based on the opinions here and how they broke apart from the casinos to strike out on their dream.  Good job, Wine 5 Cafe, I'm a fan again, and I'll be back again soon!
Great place to eat. Excellent service and food.
No wonder this restaurant has wonderful reviews, the food was amazing ,kudos to the chef ,cheap ,good portion so tasty !!! Worth the drive
A huge amount of food, well prepared. I ate more polenta than I thought possible. Worth coming back to try more.
Excellent food, and excellent service. I have eaten here twice, and highly recommend this place.
This place will get 3 stars for now, based off of the food. I will go back and try it again, and maybe I will revise this.

We went here for Sunday brunch. They don't have too much of a selection for brunch and they stopped serving breakfast at 12. We like to sleep in late on the weekends, but I like places that serve breakfast until later on the weekends. So it was a bad choice for us. We both love eggs benedict, so that's what we both ordered. They only had one kind available, and it was sliced pork. It was a little odd to me, and it was good, but different. I'm usually very open minded when it comes to a lot of things. My mother is Filipino, and they eat some really odd things. So I've tried everything more than once before I usually make up my mind. The sauce wasn't hollandaise sauce either. I couldn't figure it out for the life of me what it was. The other odd thing is they served carmalized onions ontop of some of the fruit which made it warm. That was not very appealing to me.

I would like to try a couple of other breakfast dishes here again. The place has a pretty good selection on the menu and it's a quiant little place. The serve was good, but the waiter was a little too attentive. Such as making a little too many odd remarks and checking up a little too often. It was a little slow in there, but you shouldn't bother your customers too much when they don't seem needy.
After a year of seeing this business up and running near my home, my roommate and I decided to finally come here.  This is about 4.5 stars for now.

We went here late afternoon and it wasn't busy at all so we were seated right away and I ordered the curry and some fries. They had a varied selection of sandwiches, burgers and whatnot so there was plenty to choose from

Don't let the prices fool you, they make sure you leave stuffed. The curry I ordered was pretty good and the fries were spectacular.  I can't really describe the taste since I haven't been watching Food Network in over a year so I'll stick with "pretty good".

The atmosphere was pretty relaxed and calm, I quite enjoyed that.

I will be back here in the future to try more items.
Food, service, and price satisfactory.
Accomodated our 16 person party with ease.
I was truly impressed with the quality and portion size. A real value for money.

I also think the waitstaff is spot on-- wasn't hovering like a comic book villain, but didn't ignore me either...not easy to do in a huge party. 

Will be back the next time in the North Las V area. WOOT
Great desrrts..  Good service.  Food is good. Very nice decor.  The staff is very friendly.  Will go back next trip out.
Excellent food!  Chicken taco's were good.  The hickory loaded burger was good, the southwest chicken ciabatta sandwich was also good, but the best thing by far was the club sandwich with the red sauce - OMG!  Epic!
We have been to this place twice.  The first time was just shortly after they opened and they had a very limited and casual menu.  This Kenyan fusion thing was very strange.  We ordered a combination plate that had several different items on it, because we thought it would be fun to try things we hadn't eaten before.  After sampling each one, we decided we wouldn't be trying those things again, and probably wouldn't be coming back to this restaurant again.  We were there for dinner during the week and were the only ones in the place, which is scary to begin with.  

I went again tonite with friends who had been there before, and said they enjoyed it.  So, I'm game, I'll try any place twice.  But after this experience, I will never go back again.

I know some people will gag when I say this, but I love liver and onions, and when I see it on the menu, I will order it.  The menu had quite expanded, and was much more upscale than the first time we visited, as were the prices.  Liver and onions was $19.95.  My friends had the pork chop the last time they were in, and they ordered it again.  Our waitress, who was the only waitsperson in the place while we were there, was incredibly incompetent.  I won't go into our complaints with her.  She was bad enough, tho, that I left no tip.  I have never done that in my life.  But I digress.

The plates of food were huge.  My friends said their pork chops were good, but neither ate the veggies (carrots, asparagus, green beans) because they said they were too raw (I wished I could have eaten them off their plates!)  When I ordered the liver, I told the waitress that I wanted it medium, to tell the cook to please not overcook it.  When it arrived, it was buried in a huge pile of deep fried onion pieces, with a few pieces of asparagus on the side, and plain mashed potatoes.  A small dish of what appeared to be gravy with chopped carrots in it was on the plate.  I tasted the gravy and it was overwhelmed with vinegar.  When I finally got the waitress's attention, I asked for some other kind of gravy that wasn't so sour.  She brought out a bowl of what looked exactly like what I had, sans carrots, and in tasting it, it was exactly the same.  I pushed it out of the way, and someone from the kitchen came out and after talking to him, he brought out another bowl of "gravy" which was better, but still vinegary. 

After digging through the deep fried onions, I got down to a thick piece of liver, cooked to death and all but inedible.  I ate the asparagus which was perfect, and a couple of bites of plain potato, and left the rest.  When the waitress finally came back to our table, she asked if I was still working on it, and I said I couldn't eat any of it, because it was awful.  She took it away.  My friends finished their dinners, and we waited at least 15-20mins for our check, finally calling out to the waitress and asking her for the bill.  She brought me my bill for $28+ ( I had a beer), and when she came to collect, I said she should be ashamed for charging me for that meal, especially since it was obvious nothing had been eaten.  She said "Why should I be ashamed", and took my credit card and rang it up.   My friends asked for coffee after our meal, and the waitress said she would have to make a new pot and it would take about 4-5 mins.  After waiting almost 15 mins, we left .   I should have called the manager or owner and complained to him, but I didn't.  I just decided it was lesson learned, and I would never go back.
For a place with wine in the name, their selection is woefully small.

The food isn't bad, but I'm not sure it's worth the price.

Service was alright but I did NOT appreciate them giving themselves an additional $5 tip on top of what I specified on the receipt.  Suffice it to say, a call to my credit card company was made.
Our first taste of Kenya and it was great! We'll be back for more. The sweet bread is amazing.
It's a charming little place w/ Kenyan chefs and polite & helpful waiters. We were surprised there wasn't more people enjoying the restaurant and the only thing we could think was the name. It doesn't advertise its ethnisity and I would guess a more fitting name would bring more folks in especially those like us who enjoy trying new cuisine.
Wine 5 cafe is by far the most interesting place to eat. No matter what meal.  Breakfast is fantastic,lunch salads, sandwiches, dinner, the spicy shrimp is excellent.  Can be a formal affair or very casual.. Cooks come to your table to see if you are satisfied.  Prices are affordable, service is great and food is mouth watering good.  Can't say enough.  Have taken out of town guests here and everyone loved it.  Will keep going here.  It's a place for more.. Dan
Okay, I noticed them a loooong time ago, but thought "I don't really drink wine"... so I never went in or even looked at the menu on their window.  Today, I went for lunch to give it a try.  What was I thinking?  I should have gone in there a loooooong time ago!  Great, delicious food!  As a 'thermometer on the quality of food, we tried the "Chili Log Fries", aka Chili Fries.  I'm not even a chili lover... but I loved these!  Way better than a comparable establishment's 'Oxtail Chili Fries' (which were featured on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives).  I would HIGHLY recommend this cafe.  Very cute interior design... nice atmosphere... excellent food.  I'm going back to try breakfast!
In my quest for obscure, off-the-strip locations, along comes a recommendation from a former colleague to try out a no-name place by the name of Wine 5 Caf. He described it as a Kenyan/American fusion restaurant, and claimed an amazing burger and 'transcendent' chili fries. It's a bit far from where I make my rounds these days, but a recent commitment brought me towards the north-west part of town and I finally made my visit. Was it as good as he claimed?

Wine 5 is located in a crummy strip mall in not the best looking parking lot, but don't let the exterior fool you as it almost did us: the restaurant is clean and quaintly decorated. There are a number of 4 top tables in the middle, and a few booths to the side that are decorated like they're on someone's front porch. The rest of the walls around the restaurant look like the front facades of small houses as well, almost like a mini version of some themed casino you'd find on the strip, but more tolerable. The menu has some great sounding items, it looks a bit heavy on the breakfast items but there seems to be lots of good choices. I'll have to come back to try some of the Kenyan-influenced dishes, as I was there on this day to try one of their 'flat burgers'.

And flat this wasn't; my Jetpack burger came out and this thing was absolutely huge. Topped with avocado, grilled sweet onions, spicy butter pickles, lettuce and tomato, this thing was stacked to the top of my knife it was presented with. The bun was crispy and flakey on the outside, yet soft and gooey on the inside. The meat had good flavor, although maybe not the best quality ever; it wasn't the best beef flavor, but more like your standard pre-made patty. The onions had amazing sweet flavor and were the star of the burger. The pickles were more like flavored cucumbers but totally delicious and something I need to emulate at home. The avocado disappeared in the burger but was a good touch when I came across it in a few bites. The tomato was slightly grilled but still hard and fresh; it seemed almost uncooked despite the grill marks, but was quite good. This burger was not at all what I had been anticipating based on the location or menu description, but ended up being a fantastic surprise.

The fries came out very late as I believe they were forgotten at first, but were extremely good as well. They were thicker like steak fries, coated with a combo of celery salt and other seasonings. Like most steak fries a majority were crunchy and cooked well as I like, with a few soggy ones mixed in. A side of fries is definitely enough for two, as they are served in a very large bowl.

My girlfriend had the Exception, which is a red wine and spiced braised burger, with cheddar cheese, grilled tomato slices, onions and lettuce. It had very similar flavoring to mine; the additional treatment to the patty made for some nice complexity to the flavor, but I felt it was missing my excellent pickles. Even though it is a bit out of the way from us, I can't wait to go back and try a few more of their selections, and I'm very curious to see what they do with their smoked bacon. Their burgers range from $7.95-8.95, with the fries at $2.95 for a heaping serving, all very worth it. We didn't get to try the chili fries during this visit either, but you can be I'll be back soon to try those as well.
wow!  this place is a real surprise. I ordered a great salad that came with a tortilla with cheese  the waitress asked if I wanted chicken on the side I said sure.  I expected the usual grilled dry chicken breast, what came was a great tasting warm chicken dish with tomatoes and great african spices.
this place is in a margimal location and needs to work on marketing their menu better but what a find, definitely worth the trip .
I was really excited to try this restaurant because it is really close to my house. I wanted it to be good, but...

I walked in the door at 630pm, and was not handed a menu for about 20 minutes. At the time I was handed my menu, I ordered a glass of wine...AT A WINE BAR...and that took about 30 minutes.

I dine in large groups often. And, it is not unusual for the service to be slower than usual. However, this experience took slow to a new level!! And, it is the reason I gave this review 2 stars instead of 4.

I ordered the ribeye which came with veggies, mashed potatoes, a unique sort of fried bread, and a cabernet sauce. It was all delicious, but not hot.

I, also, ordered the Churro split. It is basically a banana split creation with grilled pineapples, bananas, churros, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. It was beautiful, but everything was out of a can...the fruit, the whipped cream...nothing was made in house, and you could tell.

Overall, the food was good, not great.

I feel like the bulk of my issues were because I was in a group, and this restaurant was NOT prepared for it at all. I might give this place another shot with just my husband and I to try to get a better feel for the place. If I do, I will update this review.
Came early on a weeknight and immediately dug the intimate, friendly vibe of this place. We were the only 2 people in the joint when we walked in, which was nearly full when we left.

The "Taste of Nairobi" chicken curry was like a soup - in a great way - with whole chicken pieces (2 drumsticks and a thigh) and fresh fall veggies (carrots, squash, green beans), and beautiful on the plate. The huge bowl of curry was accompanied by a raft of chapati (African flat bread) and a side of deliciously-spiced greens. The chef knows how to use spices here! Each dish on our table was a unique, African flavor experience.

Decent little wine list, with many South African choices, and the waiter was generous with his pours (single glass for $8 was actually a carafe). Very reasonable prices for food and wine of this quality - I'll be back!
The last thing I expected to be doing this morning was writing a yelp review....but....I was so moved by my dining experience last night that...here I am.  I actually do  consider myself a middle-aged foodie because I love to eat and since I've been doing it for so long I am very qualified in this area.  I've traveled the world and have eaten in some of the finest restaurants in Italy, Greece, Spain, Las Vegas and California's wine country.  Ok, enough about me.  My husband had heard a commercial on the radio for Wine 5 Cafe and came home, brought up the menu online and looked at me and said "it's not far from here, let's try it".   So, on an ordinary Tuesday evening we set out from our Northwest Vegas home and drove about 10 minutes to this quaint and friendly store-front.  I knew the strip mall and personally wasn't expecting much.  But "date-night" on a Tuesday sounded spontaneous. The restaurant looked empty from outside and, again, I immediately thought this isn't good.  As we walked in we saw only one occupied table with about 7 other guests.  We were immediately greeted by our hostess/waitress who proceeded to ask us where we'd like to sit (table or booth) and she brought us to our booth.  The menu starts at breakfast continues through lunch and then dinner.  I immediately took in our surroundings which were quite quaint, simple and clean.  I took in the wait staff (our waitress) and I could also see into the kitchen.  From my point-of-view it seems like this is a mom n pop set up but I'm not sure.  I always like to try to support locally small businesses.  The menu explained that they are an American Kenyan infused restaurant and I was immediately intrigued.  I'll be honest, I only looked at the dinner entrees and when I saw catfish I knew that's what I wanted.  My husband ordered the rib-eye with mashed potatoes and veggies (asparagus, carrots and green beans).  My fried catfish fillets came with a choice of mashed potatoes or rice and a suprisingly terrific side of sauteed spinach that was absolutely delicious.  The portions were more then generous and my husbands med-rare steak was actually med-rare! We love wine but as our son tells us....we're wine snobs.  I don't think so and can usually always find a wine to order.  I had a glass of a red blend of Bogle, again surprisingly good.  My husband had a cab but wasn't so thrilled.  I saw our waitress opening fresh bottles, also a good sign. My husband devoured his steak and I delved into my plate of two catfish fillets, mashed potatoes, fried sweet-potatoe fries and a large serving of steamed spinach, along with a serving of tartar sauce.  I was in heaven, I loved the spinach and had a hard time moving on from that.  The waitress came by and asked if I'd like some home-made hot sauce and I said most definitely.  This is what I used gingerly with the fish and not the tartar sauce. Don't get me wrong everything was seasoned perfectly but I never pass on hot sauce. It was hot and a nice compliment to my fish.  I was only able to eat half of my plate but I insisted on taking every last bit home for my lunch today - can't wait! Our waitress, who, by the way, was very friendly and extremely attentive.  She checked on us many times wanting to know what we thought of everything but wasn't at all annoying.  She asked if we were interested in seeing the dessert  menu and, after reading a review of the restaurant that happened to be right about our booth, we said sure, bring it on.  I eat almost anything and everything so I deferred to my husband to decide on a shareable dessert.  I had already seen what I wanted, a nutella dessert which luckily the waitress recommended and we decided to splurg on.  WOW, so delicious, so perfectly sweet and yet not too sweet. It was a sugared french toast with nutella and sliced bananas in-between, 4 small dollops of vanilla ice cream on top with a few slices of fresh strawberry.  This was the perfect end to a near-perfect dinner.  I'm hoping that this small establishment, that's been there for about a year and a half, is busier on the weekends then our quiet Tuesday evening.  They are a small gem in an area of Las Vegas (northwest) that truly needs one!  My husband and I joke all the time that since we've moved here from CA about 3 years ago that we don't have "go-to" restaurant, you know a place that no matter what your mood or what time of day you know you can go there and get a good meal at a reasonable price (an they are priced reasonably!).  Well, we both said to each other as we were leaving....maybe this is the go-to restaurant that we've been searching for.  We will be back and we will bring friends and family Please give them a try too, you'll be pleasantly satisfied! P.S. the whole menu is extremely reasonably priced, another great surprise!
I was there for a Xmas party and I thought the food was very interesting. The wait staff is amazing. Very knowledgable and attention.  The Fusion works. The band?! If I had told somebody I would be rocking to Frank Sanatra and eating Kenyan/American food I would've laughed at it, but it works.  Somehow.  Lots of classy people there. Singing eating and great atmosphere.  I will try to russle up a date and go back.
I'm so full! And yes, it's the following day.

Coming in to last night's dinner, I was looking forward to trying their curry. I pretty much love curry of all kinds and with a name like "The Taste of Nairobi," how could you not be intrigued? But Jieun wanted to try the curry, so I let her order that and I looked for something else that sounded interesting. I had settled on the "Traditional Nayama and Ugali" since it was something I had never even heard of before. But then Sun ended up ordering that. Long story short, the waiter recommended the "Nairobi Pork Chops" and that's what I went with.

Holy crap did we end up with a ton of food on the table. Absolutely everything was delicious. The curry was curry--nothing too amazing--but it was delicious all the same. Being a complete fatty, I love how it comes with bone-in dark chicken meat. Sun's Nayama and Ugali had an interesting flavor and I would have been very satisfied if that was the dish in front of me. But I think I might have to go with the pork chops as being my favorite of the three. The pork was tender and juicy and everything that surrounded it (veggies, mashed potatoes, gravy, greens, and garlic mini bread thingy) just combined to deliver an extremely satisfying and comforting experience. Best of all, my dish was the cheapest of the trio.

Next time, in the interest of preventing me from getting even fatter, I think we will split an entre and perhaps try an appetizer. Seriously, the portions are humongous. I suppose the entres at Wine 5 are perfect for taking home leftovers. The thing is, I'm never good at portion control when the food is this outstanding.

p.s. Check in on Yelp and get a complimentary glass of house wine (or a fountain beverage).
Huge portions for a great price.  Two people can probably share a meal and be satisfied.  The Taste of Nairobi was delicious as well as their Nairobi tacos.  Now, this was my first exposure to this type of food, so I can I speak to its authenticity.  However, the flavor and value was certainly there.
It's a small restaurant, but it makes you feel adventurous and at home simultaneously. I loved the Sweet Goblet and the nayama and ugali entree. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to try something new! I'm going back soon to try their breakfast menu :)
Large portions so bring an appetite.  Grt South African wines. Window in to the kitchen to watch the chefs work. Very friendly wait staff.  Everything about this place was done well and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of the food.
First time there. Our waitress Vinci was knowledgeable & fun. The food was amazing but huge portions, suggest sharing. Definitely get the samosas. Nice organic wine selection.
This is a hidden gem! It is in a strip center, but once you are inside, you forget that. It is quaint, cozy and clean!  The food is fresh, fresh, fresh! The portions are so generous and the flavors are like nothing you have ever tried.  The mixed grill has full portions of four different meats, the burgers are masterpieces and the appetizers...amazing....even the coffee is excellent! They have had entertainment every time I have been there.  You will not be disappointed in this superb restaurant!
I saw this cute little spot tucked in the target parking lot one day and I knew I had to try it. My sister and I gave it a try today and LOVED it!  The staff was amazing and the food was wonderful!  I would Definitely go back.
OH WINE 5 how  i love thee?! aw man this place is incredible!! seriously, one of my favorite new places in las vegas, I mean listen to the waitress she knows what she is talking about. I will leave with one simple word SAMOSAS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really was looking forward to something different and wonderful based on all the reviews.... I was incredibly disappointed!
The service was horrible.  Understaffed, no knowledge of the menu, didn't check back with us, etc...
The food - was mediocre at best.  Everything tasted the same.  My steak was almost mooing when I ordered it medium, but since the server never came back to check on me, I couldn't tell her...  
Definitely disappointed to say the least!!!
Interesting breakfast with a flair from Kenya.  The great burrito is my daughter's favorite.  The smell of the waffles is wonderful but its arrival prove otherwise.  Try the Kenyan ginger tea!  Slow service with each meal prepared fresh for the customer.
This little gem has tasty food and a great wine list.  The inside looks like a little town or something, it is very unique. 

Kids are okay to bring...a great place to take them to get a good meal.

I had the pork in brown gravy, my wife had the steak platter.  The portions are generous and the taste is memorable.  

So, the churro sundae for desert gave me sweet memories.  I would go back just to have that.
this place is a true gem 
kenyan fusion soul food
the breakfasts are so affordable and amazingly delicious
Excellent food. My aunt and I had breakfast. The Eggs were custardy soft and flavorful. My mother had the lamb chops and ate every last bite. We plan on returning with more family and friends.  I still haven't found a favorite dish here, but my Aunt insists on giving the restaurant 5 stars.
Went here based on yelp reviews. I had the liver (okay not most people's favorite, I like it). It was marvelous! The seasoning and vegetables were the best I've ever had.  My wife had the soup, salad, sandwich and said it was wonderful.  The desert was also great.  We had wonderful live entertainment as well.  The service was great - just right.  We'll be back.
Amazing food, you must try this place. We had a plate with all types of meats, seems to be the type of place that anything they make you will be happy with. Greatly recommended.
Absolutely our favorite breakfast place! Farmers Splendid special is the best. Everything we have had has been excellent..
We just finished breakfast and WOW! I highly encourage everyone to get out of their "breakfast rut" of bacon and eggs everyday (I know I was in one) and try some of their specialty breakfasts such as the farmers splendid and the southwest mayai!! Both were breakfast dishes with an ethnic twist. Breakfast here has motivated me to come back for lunch and dinner!!!
This little, unassuming hole-in-the-wall joint is delicious, comfy, and affordable. The menu offers mostly American food, with some Kenyan inspiration. I was hoping for straight up Kenyan fare when I came. And while there are only a few Kenyan dishes, none of the food letdown. The club sandwich (as much of a "club sandwich" as this place is a "wine cafe") has been ordered by someone in our group on both of my visits and has been the standout each time. Usually, a club sandwich being the choice order in a restaurant would be a signal of a lesser restaurant, but this is not the case here. The club is a phenom - the Yasiel Puig of sandwiches. The Kenyan dishes are tasty as well, as well as an interesting change of pace.

Now back to that name. Sure Wine 5 Cafe has wine, but it is a little misleading. It would be like calling McDonalds: Soda Pop 11 Eatery. This is a laid-back, no-frills restaurant. The decor looks handmade, and that is part of its charm. Wine 5 feels like a family-owned restaurant opened by people (or person?) who really want you to enjoy some great food, while maybe sitting back and consuming a glass of their eponymous juice.
Thought Kenyan food would be very different. Came by for a late lunch on a random day after consulting Yelp for a place to go. I would really say 3.5 stars but the server was very nice so it will be bumped to 4 stars. A quiet afternoon.

Started with the log fries. Wow! The portion was huge! And the potatoes were crispy and loaded. Delicious. And for my main dish, I got a sandwich, which was also a very large portion but nothing outstanding about it. And the bf got a burger. Good food, but seemed pretty American style, didn't see the Kenyan influence to it. Didn't enjoy any wine though, and I guess that is why I don't see the rave about this place.

Got the Churro thingy for dessert. Yum. Love churro and the mix of the fruits and ice cream with it was a good finish to the meal. Great little place with good service.
We ordered chili cheese fries, chicken tacos (loved), and chicken salad po boy sandwich. All of it was fabulous!!! Gave them 4 stars not 5 only because the wine wasn't fresh, definitely a day or two old, and the name of the place is Wine 5 Cafe. Wine should be on the top of their priority. 
Food was excellent. Fresh, good quality and flavor. Worth checking out!
Don't let the location (inside a strip mall) or the name fool you, this place was perfection.  Granted, the name does not inspire thoughts of yummy food made from scratch & honestly, the name of this place isn't doing it any favors.

I made a reservation for 6 for dinner last night.  I started with the Iceberg Array salad ( large enough for lunch alone).  It was a yummy salad with sweet potatoes, grilled shrimp, corn, black beans, peanut chicken, tossed in a light creamy dressing, with shredded beets on top.  So good and refreshing.  For dinner, I kept it simple with the pork sandwich, stuffed with bits of roasted pork, bacon, caramelized onions, and sweet pickles.  Again, really good.  Everyone in my party loved what they had.  Not a complaint to be found here.  Very reasonable prices, lovely decor, friendly and prompt wait staff.  

The portions are very generous and full of flavor.  I wish I lived in Vegas, just to come back here again!  

Dessert was amazing as well, I highly recommend the Chruuo Split, with churros, grilled pineapple, banana, strawberries, vanilla ice cream and pecans, maybe one of the best desserts I've had the pleasure to enjoy.  We also ordered the Strawberry Shortcake for four (picture posted), which was heavenly.

Please go here and give these lovely people your business, it is unique, yummy and blew me away.
What a wonderful  hidden gem. The food is amazing here, so fresh and expertly prepared and beautifully presented. The Kenyans bring pita bread to a whole new level. We had the Iceberg Array Salad and the Mixed Grill..delicious. Someone had the Pork sandwich with bacon,caramelized onions and bread and butter pickles...so good. You have to get the Churro Split.. One of the best desserts I have ever eaten. Our server was so lovely and knowledgeable. A very special dining experience. I highly recommend.
Oh. My. 

I've been wanting to try this place for a while, but couldn't sell the spousal unit on African fusion food.  Finally I sold it as a new sandwich place (I felt bad at first) and we were both glad we came here! 

We called ahead and reserved a booth (easier to corral the wee one than at a table) and it was waiting for us when we got there.  It is nicely decorated and cozy; you can almost forget it's in a strip mall.

We had the samosa appetizer (the hubs was skeptical, but it was delicious!), W5C Mixed Grill (which was a sampler of pork, beef, salmon, and shrimp with some awesome veggies and rice), and the Taste of Nairobi (like a whole chicken... maybe half in super yummy curry and chapati--a tortilla-like bread).  You can pick how intense you want the spice level (we opted for medium, which was yummy  but we might go for a little spicier next time).  The portions are large, we ended up taking a lot of food home.

Also, the menu accomodates picky eaters with more traditional American dishes and there is a kid's menu.  There is something for everyone here!

Our waitress was so friendly and made some really great recommendations.  

And don't forget, they offer a free glass of wine with a Yelp check-in!
Very glad we found this place! 
Nice range of meals in our group we had: your std eggs and bacon, heart healthy option with oatmeal and egg whites, the waffle with eggs and bacon and the Nairobi farmers special. All were delicious and good sized portions. Friendly service.
Very, very good breakfast! I had the Chef's omelet and it was awesome! It was so much food I had to take some home. Friendly staff and efficient service.
What a fantastic start of an evening for my wife's birthday! This place is located at a shopping center with huge parking.

As soon as you step inside, you would think you are in a restaurant somewhere in a city of Europe. The interior decor is absolutely stunning. The tables are close to each other ( I mean this in a good way.), there is a brick wall with window near the kitchen, booth seats are private and comfy, and the walls are decorated with such a detail that you would think you are in Italy or something. 

The food took about 45 minutes to come out,   we ordered seafood pasta and seared salmon. The presentation is gorgeous with perfect portions. Our seafood pasta seemed like it had more seafood than the pasta, and the best tasting salmon I ever had. Basically this place is 5 star restaurant quality and service for $$ price. 

Complimentary strawberry shortcake for my wife's birthday was very well appreciated and along with the birthday song. The smile on my wife's face was priceless and that makes me a happy man.
Can't say enough good things about this place. Mellow atmosphere, interesting and exciting choices, knowledgeable waitstaff, and fabulously executed food. I left the table feeling satisfied, cared for, and respected as a diner. It's shocking how many restaurants in this town manage to miss the mark. Not this one! The care and thought that went into the dishes was quite obvious. We'll be back!
The food is good, but the times we've been here and had questions, the servers have never known how to explain items on the menu or even what's in it. When we ask, 'How would you explain Kenyan food?' Our waiter responded, 'Uhhh...it's similar to American food.' When we asked, 'What is Menudo,' he just froze up like a deer in headlights until one of us looked it up and said, 'I think that's stomach.'

The servers are nice and the atmosphere is quiet and intimate.  Unfortunately, they just don't train their staff well enought to know their product.
Don't judge a book by its cover! 
My husband and I dined at Wine 5 Cafe after finding it using a Yelp search. I have to admit that  I was dubious as we pulled up, given that the restaurant is located in a strip mall and the restaurant was quite empty. But I'm glad we stayed as this place is a true treasure (and one that we will visit again --very soon).  The inside decor is quite cute and has the feel of a French bistro. The waiter was very attentive but not intrusive.  
I had the curry (Taste of Nairobi), which came with a very generous portion of chapati bread and a side of  spinach stew (sauteed spinach with onions).  The curry was light (very little coconut milk, if any) and contained three huge pieces of chicken, potatoes, fresh green beans, carrots, and squash.  The portion size was generous and I took more than half of the curry home.  
My husband had the Traditional Nayama and Ugali (Tender Braised Beef, White Polenta, Spinach Stew, Onion Jam, and Sweet Potato Logs).  The beef was tender and well seasoned, cooked to perfection.  The spinach stew was great, seasoned with big chunks of onion).  The sweet potato logs were fresh, well seasoned, and crisp, without being greasy or heavy.  The onion jam (which I had never before tasted) was amazing.  The polenta was bland.  But the waiter quickly informed us that you're supposed to mix everything together.  Again, I was dubious, but it worked and the end result was amazing.  
Also, my husband likes a lot of spice.  While the restaurant does not have hot sauce, the chef prepared homemade hot sauce for my husband, which he added to his food. 
The only recommendation I have is that if you want some of the traditional Kenya dishes, such as goat or oxtail, you should dine early.  My husband initially asked for goat, but he was told they were out.  
Again, a wonderful place- amazing food, generous portions, great ambiance, good service.
I went to dinner last night for my birthday with my husband, son and granddaughter. I wanted to try something different so we went to Wine 5 Cafe on Tenaya & Cheyenne. I had the Nairobi Pork Chops with Red Onion and Royco Gravy. DELICIOUS!! I even ate the cooked spinach. I have never liked cooked spinach!! The portions are good size. For my birthday, they served a complimentary strawberry shortcake dessert and sang Happy Birthday in Swahili! It was beautiful. I will be eating there again. Next time, I hope my mom and brothers will be able to join us!
My last review of Wine 5 Cafe was for a restaurant that had the same name, but a different menu and vibe of today's.  Gone is the Italian guy and the continental menu, and in is the African touch.  Though we liked it then, we hadn't been back; we returned this time after reading a glowing review of the place in our Zip Code magazine and checking the latest Yelp star rating.  And it didn't disappoint!

We were dismayed to walk in at about 7:30 pm on a Tuesday and find that we were the only ones there.  I felt bad using our Yelp check-in offers of a glass of wine.  Well, apparently not bad enough :).

Service by our waiter, Robert, was excellent and efficient.  We shared the samosa appetizer - two giant samosas with cups of red hot sauce for spicing it up.  Delicious, though not the absolutely best I've ever had.  We also shared the Nayama and Ugali main course and loved it, though I'm still incredulous that the sweet potato logs were really sweet potatoes and not yucca.  I like yucca more than sweet potatoes, so they were great.  Lots of polenta, slightly chewy but flavorful beef, and a wonderful spinach stew that could have used a lighter hand with the salt rounded out this balanced and colorful dish. 

With its pretty and eclectic decor, this is a lovely, refined space that's not usually found in strip malls in the nabes, and the prices are more in keeping with what locals expect away from the Strip, i.e., reasonable!  I sure hope our dining  deux experience was an aberration, because Wine5 Cafe deserves to be full every night, even on Tuesdays.
I was excited to try this cute little place. The entrees took so long to arrive, and when they did it was a bit sad. My meat was so dry and the pasta my better half ordered was just hard to describe. There weren't many there when we were there, so I'm not quite sure what took so long. It just wasn't very appetizing. Bummed.
Came in for a birthday dinner on a Sunday evening. We had wonderful food and the service was great. 
Would highly recommend and will be returning sometime soon.
Our order was taken 16 min after being seated. Our food arrived 26 min after ordering. The eggs look like they were cooked on a dirty grill. Our server had no idea which orders went to which table. There was one other employee ordering the one server around and not really helping so we couldn't blame our server. My medium well steak was medium rare. Pretty much everything that can go wrong with the restaurant went wrong.
The Samosas were excellent!  Great food, big portions you won't go hungry!  Inexpensive prices.
Everyone must try this place at least once.  It was one of the most unique, tasty, and interesting dinners we have had. 
Believe the other reviewers; the samosa appetizer is PHENOMENAL! I could have made a meal of them.  We were a party of 4, so asked to dine family style-waiter agreed that was a good idea. Our 4 entrees could have fed 8! Best was the Traditional Nayama and Ugali. A wonderfully seasoned 'chicken stew' traditional in Kenya. Excellent balance of spice and sweet with a wonderful mix of flavors. Two dishes came with spinach - one of our group called the spinach 'green crack.' I found it too salty however, and I love spinach. Taste of Nairobi is also a must order; no leftovers for that dish. Other 2 dishes were surprisingly unique in flavor - pork chop and (spicy) grilled shrimp. Everything had an excellent and unique sweet/spicy flavor a la Kenyan spices. Available wines paired well with the dishes. 
Nothing seemed overpriced. The owner/chef even visited our table, perhaps because we were there until 10:30 (they closed at 9). We will be going back to this hidden gem! We were there on a Thursday and the place was empty, what is wrong with you people!
My review is based on an experience with what has to be the worst service I have ever received. I am honestly not sure if the server was on medication or not, because her attitude and overall demeanor could not have been natural. 

The menu is not particularly descriptive, so I asked our server if an omelet meal had any meat in it. She wandered over to the host stand to procure her own menu, read the item, and said "it doesn't say." I asked if she could confirm with the chef when placing the order - if it did, I would pick something else off the menu. She goes back and we don't see her for another 30 minutes, so I figure the meal was meat free. 

Our food shows up, and 3 of the 4 things on my plate have meat in them, which I discovered upon taking my first bite. I call her over and ask what happened, as we had talked about this very issue, and her response was "oh, I didn't realize you didn't want meat."

Normally, I am not super aggressive and I generally let things slide, but this was such a complete lie that I pressed on. I asked if she really didn't remember me asking if there was meat, her walking over to read a menu, having a discussion, and actual next steps with regards to kitchen communication. She just stood there and shrugged. 

I try not to be an annoying diner, and I'm not exceptionally picky. I just don't eat meat - I was clear about that, I think we had communicated that, and somehow, she just didn't give an eff about providing good service. I don't like to speculate, but I honestly think she might have been high, for all the awareness she had.

She grabbed my plate and wandered back off to the kitchen without really saying anything, while my dining companion was left watching his breakfast get cold. At this point, we had been sitting there for over 40 minutes. A little while later, she brings out the same meal - omelet now sans bacon, but two of the three additional components removed, as apparently those had meat in them as well. But still charged full price for the entire meal, despite not receiving most of it. 

Honestly, at that point I just didn't care. We had noticed the manager of the place asked if she should come talk to us - apparently we didn't rank, as no one else ever did. Since we knew we'd never be back, it didn't seem worth escalating the piss poor service, especially if it was clear people were aware of it and took no action. We scarfed down what we could and left. All in all the food wasn't bad, but the lack of service and communication just made the entire experience miserable. 

This happened in mid-summer 2013, and I'm still annoyed enough about it to post a review now. What would have been a fantastic go-to place around the corner from home became an annoyance every time we drove past. Zero stars if I could, and I hope that lady doesn't work there anymore.
So it was ethnic cleansing day at work, a day where we can venture off and try something novel and diverse.  First on the list was proposed by the resident foodie queen at HQ, and I must say, she knows her spots.

It is abnormally windy and gloomy in LV today, so what better way to brighten things up than some Kenyan grinds?!?  Upon entry, the waitress explained to is that it would be an abnormally long wait, which was concerning considering I had prior engagements.  We were later told that much of the staff called in sick and the long wait was primarily due to the party of 20+ heads that got there right before us.  not a good sign since I was sort of in a rush.

The ambiance was kinda bizarre.  I wasn't quite sure what to make of it.  The only thing that I could attribute to the African culture was the quirky little aardvark utensil holders, otherwise, it was a word mixture of accents that reminded me more of an small town style American restaurant.  There were even encased decisions resembling a window where those inside appeared to be looking in a saloon of some sort, idk, like I said it was weird.  Not too mention all the art was of white people...no offense, but white peeps from 1920 Europe or something.  Things that make you go hmmm.

On another note, the kitchen on the other hand was open and put the meal preparations on full display.  You could see how each meal was whipped up right before your eyes.  The wait was not nearly as long as the waitress initially stated.  I got the Samosa that tasted kinda line Filipino relleno in an empanada, not bad, especially for an appetizer.  My buddy got the amped burger, another got the the omelet sandwich and another with the ginormous chili cheese fries.  Everything was amazing, but far from Kenyan...unless you count my thoughts of running a cross country marathon after having consumed all the rich foods here.  Still worth a try, you won't be disappointed.
Really quite special.  A great neighborhood restaurant with a unique twist of the culinary delights of Africa.  Something different, great quality, reasonably priced, nice staff.  We will be back.
Just love this restaurant. The caf, staff and food are all outstanding. This is the place for breakfast in the North. They do it right here. I can't wait to try lunch and dinner. Keep up the great work.
I love this place so much! Definitely a hidden gem. Had never tried Kenyan food before and was feeling adventurous so I gave it a shot and I loved it. I ended up bringing my sister for her birthday and she loved it just as much. Great service and very reasonably priced considering the portions are rather large. Can't wait to come back.
Awesome service. Taste of Nairobi is one of the best meals I've ever had. It's a must-have! I am confused though that a place called Wine 5 Cafe serves African food... who would ever know that upon first impression?
Slightly above average. Not as many authentic menu items as I thought there would be. The menu description would be better classified as American or American southern. 

The decor was very nice and staff was super courteous. 

The food was good but nothing super exceptional, however, the strawberry shortcake is the only thing to bump this from 3 stars to 4.
The food here is AMAZING!!! The portions are huge, the service is great and everything is carefully prepared, not thrown together like some other places. 

I've been here quite a few times in the past year and even had my birthday brunch here a couple months ago. It's a small quaint restaurant tucked into the Target plaza. They have great customer service and a large variety of American and Kenyan infused dishes. I'm a huge fan and I'm always bringing my friends and family here and they never disappoint. 

I highly recommend it to everyone! Great food, great prices and nice people! What more do you need !! :)
Came here based on Yelp, and we were the only ones there on a friday night. The food was delicious, and the service was on point. I had a glass of Moscato, and the Amped Burger, amazing. My wife had the alfredo and she loved it. The veggies that came with my burger were truly fantastic. We had a great time.
Please don't let the location turn you away. Wine 5 is one of the finer restaurants in Las Vegas. The food is amazing And the portions are generous. We have only been there for dinner, but can highly recommend the Taste of Nairobi, the pork chops, and the Kenyan meat extravaganza (sorry - forgot the name of it.) Such a great variety and the food is gourmet with a beautiful presentation and a fair price. 

The decor is very cute and the service is excellent and leisurely. I cannot say enough good things about Wine 5. They aren't usually busy, which is too bad. It certainly isn't a reflection on the restaurant or the food or service. I think the name is confusing because it doesn't mention Kenyan food or fine dining. Try it and you'll keep coming back.
We looked for a nice (new) restaurant for dinner. there are a lot of hits and misses when trying to find a new place. So I fund this one on yelp and it is definitely a hit.
The atmosphere was nice inside and the service was very good. We came for dinner and the place was almost empty.Their menu is a little hard to understand but the waiter offered to explain it to us. I had the Nairobi pork chops and my wife had the Philly cheese stake sandwich. Both dishes were delicious and big portions. The pork chops prepared with authentic flavors. We definitely will go back there and may bring company with us.
Rich, our server was very friendly and inviting. The food has a wonderful exotic taste and I can't wait to try their breakfast!
FYI, the prices listed on the menu linked to this profile are lower than what is on the menu at the restaurant. The burgers average about .50 and higher. The hickory loaded for example is really 9.79. Otherwise great food.
Normally our family is extremely mainstream when it comes to eating, so when they suggested we try their new favorite local restaurant serving Kenyan food, i was shocked! Went here on Saturday night about 8:30, there was no one else there, so no waiting! Party of 5, two had burgers, one steak sandwich, one Cojita salad, and one appetizer that was 2 triangles filled with beef and vegetables, fried.  I have to say each of our dishes were excellent! I can't remember all the names because of the Kenyan titles, but nobody was disappointed whatsoever. The menu choices are a blend of Kenyan dishes, but also includes their twist on Traditional American faire like burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. there are a couple vegetarian choices.

The waiter was super attentive and very friendly. The ambience was very cute, and traditionally decorated with Kenyan/African style knick knacks. The only criticism I might add was that it was quite dark, but it sure felt cozy. 

I strongly recommend this small, local restaurant. The food we tried competes with any of the chic places downtown or on the strip, is a great price, and a true hidden gem!
Just from walking into this place, you can already tell you're gonna be fat and happy at the end of this fiesta. 
We got lucky and found this place as we were driving through Las Vegas. Wish I lived here now. Never had such gourmet food for this kind of pricing. It's all incredible. The food has an average wait time, and the place is pretty cozy. Don't worry about what to order, it all comes from incredible chefs that know how to cook food.
Passing thru Las Vegas and spending the nite, we tried the Wine 5 Cafe for dinner and it was so good on all counts we came back for lunch before leaving the next day. Everything is done and serves beautifully, from the Kenyan chicken curry with chapati to the smoked turkey sandwich with cranberry mayo. Wines are also decent. Service good. You can't go wrong with this wonderful fusion food!
Visiting from out of town and went to this place.  Menu is crazy diverse.  We are vegetarian and although the menu doesn't look vegetarian friendly, they adapted meals for us. We got the chicken Alfredo without meat. It has a tomato cream sauce that was very filling. Excellent service. The house wine was amazing.
We came with 6 people and the food and service was outstanding! We started with pepper soup and meat pies; both were delicious! The pepper soup comes with a habanero and you can choose to make the soup as spicy as you like. The goat and tripe in the soup were both perfectly cooked and the broth was divine. The meat pie dough was light and the filling was well seasoned. I had the cassava leaves for dinner and the dish was outstanding. I had it with the pounded yam which was light and rather fun to eat :) We also enjoyed the eugusi, jerk chicken, barbecue shrimp, and tomato stew; all were very well seasoned and delicious. We finished with the pof-pof for dessert and one order was more than enough for the 6 of us! They were balls of fried dough that was nicely spiced with a hint of nutmeg. 
We had a fantastic meal and the total bill was around $63 for 6 entrees, appetizers, and dessert. The owners were so kind and welcoming. You can tell that they love what they do and that love definitely comes across in the food. 
If you are in the Phoenix area, check out Fu-Fu; it's awesome!
After a long day of driving around Tonto National Forest, my fiance and I decided we wanted dinner...and wanted something different.  We were throwing ideas around, and he suggested African.  That was the beginning of a wonderful experience at Fu Fu Cuisine!  

We walked into the restaurant wanting some takeout.  It was early in the evening, and we were the only customers.  The interior of the restaurant was simple, straightforward, with some African art on the walls and some Nigerian pop music playing the background.  It felt comfortable and welcoming.  An African woman came out of the kitchen and greeted us warmly, introducing us to her menu and sticking around to explain dishes and to suggest good options.  

I went with the special for the day:  tomato stew with rice, and my fiance chose something that surprised the woman:  egusi.  She responded with a pleasantly surprised look and said, "You guys must have lived in Africa!"  Neither one of us had, but enjoyed trying different things, and the menu's description of the dish didn't turn us off.  Because we seemed like such adventurous eaters and since the restaurant wasn't busy, the woman was kind enough to give us a sample of the pepper soup, which she described as similar to menudo.  It was a very peppery soup, probably contained both black and white pepper, but it was also bursting with flavor from the spices.  She gave us some fresh made habanero pulp she probably made that day.  The soup had pieces of tender goat meat and delicious tripe.  I'll more than likely order this soup next time I go in.  

After about 15 minutes, she came out with our food, opening each container to identify the dishes we had ordered.  She was extremely grateful for our business.  She then introduced herself as the Esther whose name is all over the menu, chef and owner.  She had just opened the restaurant about 6 weeks ago, and we were happy to have tried this new little hidden gem.  

When we got home, we dove right into eating.  My tomato stew that contained chunks of goat meat was exactly what I wanted.  Tomato-y stew mixed with very fragrant spices and chunks of goat meat with white rice.  It was like soul food.  It reminded me of certain Indian dishes I had eaten.  As for the egusi, it was not as familiar.  It was on a very different flavor spectrum than my tomato stew.  The flavor is actually very difficult to describe; it's something you'll just have to try.  I stuck to my tomato stew, whereas my fiance ate his egusi contently, especially with the pounded yam, which tasted very similar to a very thick, well formed mashed potato.  It worked well with the egusi.  I would suggest that if you ever go in with a few friends, order the egusi to try as a group, so each person gets a taste.  I would have to say that the egusi is not for everyone, and if you are not an adventurous foodie, order something else.  

All in all, we were extremely satisfied with our meals and the experience.  Esther was a lovely woman, and we look forward to trying the other dishes on her menu!  I hope she continues to do well!
We really enjoyed it! Nice friendly service and great authentic cuisine. Hope to come again for the $9.99 Sunday buffet. No where else like it in Phoenix.
Went there last night for dinner (my wife and I).  Both of us a bit adventurous, and I have eaten West African food before in Chicago.  

I ordered Egusi Stew with Goat Meat, served with pounded yam.  My wife ordered chicken curry with jollof rice.  

The food was fresh and good.  My wife called Egusi interesting, as she had not tasted something like this before.  It was unique.  It was a very nice experience overall.
I read a good review of this restaurant in the New Times and as I love to try something interesting, I had to try it. To my surprise I knew the owner, Esther, from when I worked at Phoenix College and she was a student there. She's always been a hard worker and I can see how much effort she has put into her restaurant venture. The restaurant was very clean and neat, and Esther was a very gracious hostess to all the customers. I had the pepper soup, which comes with a little dish of habanero pepper puree if you want to make it spicy. Watch out! Only use a tiny bit because it's really hot. Then I had a Caribbean meat pie. It was really good--spicy and savory. Then the yassa chicken. The chicken itself was deliciously flavored, and then topped with with olives, onions, and bell pepper sauteed in a mustard sauce, then served with rice. It was very good! I want to come again and try some of the other dishes. I highly recommend this place! Esther is a sweet lady and she takes good care of her customers. I wish her the best of luck with her new restaurant.
My husband and I have decided to eat somewhere new once a week. One week I pick, the next him. This week was his turn and I guess he was feeling adventurous. He did good. 

The decour is simple but inviting with African artwork on the walls. I ordered the Cassava leaves, which had goat and beef served with rice and plantains. My husband had the Egusi  with goat meat and pounded yam. Both were delicious! 

The service made the experience even more delightful. My husbands dish is traditionally eaten by taking the yam (it reminded me of uncooked dough, not in taste just looks) and using it to scoop the meat and sauce out of the bowl. The server brought out a large metal bowl for him to wash his hands and obviously found it humorous when he asked if he was doing it right. I just laughed along. She then explained to him how traditionally it was eaten. I appreciated her taking the time and making us feel welcome. 

 I do have to say, if you are a picky eater this may not be a good fit...Luckily we love trying new things and will at least try anything once. We will definately be back!
I am always looking for interesting restaurants on my frequent trips to Phoenix, and sometimes I  find a real winner. Fu Fu Cuisine! As soon as I walked in I was excited to see what was on the menu. There was grooving African music to keep us company while we waited for our food, sipping on a slightly spicy and refreshing ginger mint smoothie. The dumpling soup was so yummy!!! Next time I'll ask for the house hot sauce to kick up the Tilapia Yassa a bit, which I thought could have been a little more tasty, but I still enjoyed it. Pofs Pofs were delightful and satisfying little fried bites. Lots of fun drinks on the menu too. This is a good place to bring a few friends to order lots of different plates family style. With gracious and friendly service, they frequently checked to make sure we were happy with everything. Very reasonably priced too. I can't wait to go back to try more things on the intriguing menu!
I met the Chef and owner Esther and she is such a delight and her food is simply scrumptious. I started with a Ginger Mint Juice this was worth every penny it was fresh and had a nice spicy bite from the Ginger (the orange and pineapple juice mellowed it out). For my app I had the pepper soup yum is all I can say next I had the Whole Yassa Tilapia (they also serve it as two fillets) it was everything I had hoped it would be. I have been missing this dish in the Valley since I relocated from Chicago. I left here full and happy and I cannot wait to return. Thank you Esther for opening up Fu Fu Cuisine the Valley needed your delicious African/Caribbean  food.
The food at Fu Fu Cuisine was wonderful! I went there on a Sunday and they have an "all you can eat" option of certain foods. From those foods you can pick 3 dishes to sample. I got the Yassa Chicken, Pof Pof, Jolof Rice and an additional side order of fried plantains. All of that (minus the fried plantains) for $9.99- AMAZING! I couldn't even get seconds because I was so full. My boyfriend ordered the Fried Tilapia and cous-cous which was finger lickin good! I got the brownie cheesecake for dessert which was phenominal. It came with a scoop of ice cream and whipped cream- delicious.

I believe a good rule of thumb for any ethnic restaurant is if the diners are from the same country or surrounding vicinity. Most of her customers were also from West Africa which was a GREAT sign because they would only dine at a fantastic and authentic restaurant. 

In short, the food at Fu Fu was AMAZING. I loved everything and the service was great! If I lived in Phoenix, I would be here every Sunday!!
AMAZING food and service.  We searched out places on Yelp and were very happy to find this one.
Yay, FINALLY!!! I can eat Fu Fu again. I had an awesome meal today. Started of with the pom pom, yummy, nice starchy, sweet balls. Those were quickly gone. My hubs and I both ordered the Eugusi. I love goat and it was flavored awesome. Very unique African flavor. The Fu Fu had great consistency and our son loved it too. I love eating my African food with my hands, the African way and here it was not looked upon, but made you feel included in the African family. After the meal, the owne brought a jug with water and some soap and a Bowl to rinse our hands. I would eat here every day (if I could afford it). As desert we had fried plantain, more for my son, who loved it and we snacked along. We were stuffed, but I have found a place to get my Fu Fu fix again. 

The place is nice, clean and super friendly. A big recommendation for those who prefer something different, but delicious food.
This. Is. Great. Food.  Also a clean, pleasant place with helpful staff.  But oh, that food.  Soups, stews, sides--I love them all.  Some items sound exotic, but the flavors are all solid and likely to seduce even the least adventurous eater.  Just wish I lived closer, I'd be a frequent flyer at Fu-Fu.  As it is, I'm already plotting my next excuse to drive over there again.
Excellent Food!  I followed Yelp reviews here and I was not disappointed.

I just discovered Fu Fu this week and I've been there twice already.  The first time I came for lunch on a break from school I had the Yassa Chicken - chicken cooked in a mustard and peanut butter sauce with onions, peppers and green olives. When the plate arrives the color of the sauce looks questionable but the first bite puts me totally at ease.   The chicken was tender and delicious but the sauce was like nothing I ever had, so unique.  The service was great, a beautiful African women and she was such a sweetheart.  

I came back a second time and brought my cousin with me, I could tell she wasn't stoked about trying African food.  I desperately wanted to try some of the items on the drink menu, I got a island fruity and my cuz got a mudslide.  My drink came out first in a huge fish bowl glass, it was just as good as I hoped it would be, full of liquor and fruitiness.  The server explained that the mudslide would take a while because the ice cream was rock hard - it did take a while, maybe 15 minutes?  My cousin started getting antsy and I felt bad because she was my guest.  Soon enough the drink comes out and it's a hit, she loves it and all is good.  The food also takes a while to come out both times I've eaten there but it's okay because I can tell that it's been cooked just for me.  Even though I wanted to try everything on the menu, I went back for the Yassa chicken and it may have been better the second time around, I can't tell.  My cousin got the jerk steak and couldn't stop saying how good it was the entire time she was eating. 

When the meal was over, I asked her what she would rate her experience and she said 5 stars.  I reminded her that she had to wait so long for her drink and she thought about it and said it was worth the wait.  So five stars from both of us.
Last night the wife and I went to Fu Fu Cuisine for dinner.  We had a Groupon and we realize that sometimes the places we have Groupons for are mediocre at best.  That was not the case last night.   This was our first experience in an African restaurant, though we have eaten at a variety of Caribbean restaurants and tons of Southern restaurants.  Turns out we had a great experience from the moment we walked in the door.  

Walking into the door we could see how clean and well kept the restaurant is.  It's nothing fancy but clean goes a long ways with me.  The decor is pleasant and the background music was nice as well.  We were greeted by Ester who also happens to be the owner and the persons name seen all over the menu.   She took our drink orders and pateintly waited for us to order what we wanted.  The menus were great since they had pictures to go with the listed items(yes, some of us need visuals) .  

We ended up starting with Beef Patties which were yummy.  The dough was flaky and delicious and the filling was spiced just right.  We then had the Yassa Tilapia and the Yassa Chicken.  When we dine out we usually try to order very different dishes so we can taste a variety of things.  The Yassa dishes just sounded so good we couldn't venture to anything else.  There are several more dishes we want to try.  Back to the Yassa dishes.  Both were yummy with the chicken cooked so fork tenderness.  The sauce was not spicy but it was tasty.  The olives were present but not overpowering.  We ended up ordering extra Beef Patties so we could have them for lunch the next day.  

All in all the service was great, the atmosphere was good and the food was good.
{Actual Date of Visit: 3/10/2012}

Oh! I took WAY too long to write a review for FuFu.  My experience here was probably the best sit down restaurant experience I've had in Phoenix!  My friend decided to get a Groupon to FuFu after I saw the good reviews on Yelp.  Caribbean AND African Cuisine?? SOLD!  I'm a Caribbean girl so I'm harder on Caribbean restaurants than any other type cuisine (You betta come correct!) and my experience in Phoenix with Caribbean restaurants has been sub-par!  My best friend is Nigerian,  so she checked out the place online and gave me the ok based on the pics, lol.  I loved learning about the owner's history: combining her African heritage with her experiences in Jamaica.

We arrived on a quiet Friday night.  I was worried about getting there so close to closing, but Esther (the owner) assured us it was ok to come.  Since I'm a vegetarian, I was concerned about what I would order when I arrived, but I decided to just go with it!  Esther suggested I get the Yassa with white rice and black eyed peas.  My friend got the Curry Chicken.  I was shocked at how good the Yassa was!  No tofu, nothing, just the Yassa sauce with the onions and peppers.  It was SO good.  I also ordered the Ginger Mint to drink and lots of plantains.  The plantains were so cheap- yay!  We ended the meal with the Brownie Cake & Ice Cream.  It was oh so good!

The African music videos they were playing were hot; we were dancing in our seats!  It was so cute how her hubby kept changing the videos once he saw how much we liked the music.  Esther explained that she was going to be having more social events to bring some "flava" to Phoenix (please do!) and invited us to an upcoming party.  Unfortunately it was around finals so we couldn't go.  

I wish FuFu werent so far, but it really is worth the trip.  Great food, ambiance & service!  We plan on going back soon!!! :)
We actually dined on April 9th. I am a bit late with my reply. My boyfriend and I had purchased a groupon for Fu Fu and decided to check it out. Ester the owner, chef  waited on us. She was super sweet and helpful explaining some of the items on the menu. I ordered the Island Fruity drink - made with combination of Bacardi rum, Caribbean coconut rum, and banana liquor and a hint of orange juice, pineapple juice and cranberry juice. Ryan had a Red Stripe. The restaurant made you feel like you were eating at your family's house. They had basketball on 2 of the TVs and then Caribbean dance videos on the other TV. We started with the all mighty Pof Pof's - Fried sweet dumpling made with flour, sugar and butter and deep fried. They were the size of tennis balls and were even good cold. I took one home. I am craving these now.  We then had the Dumpling soup - Fresh chicken or beef dice and seasoned. Mixed with varieties of vegetables, carrots, dumpling, onions, tomatoes and corn. We had the soup and the beef was so tender that it almost melted in your mouth. The broth was so flavorful that we drank it from the bowl after eating most of it. Main Course - I had the Yassa Chicken - Marinated chicken, sauteed onions and bell peppers with rice. It looked like a curry type sauce but was a mustard sauce with olives. It was so creamy and melted in your mouth as well. I also requested the special hot sauce that they make, mixed it with my chicken and rice. Gave it a nice hot kick! Ryan had the Curried Goat - Cube sliced meat marinated and cooked in curry, green beans and carrots. Served over white steamed rice. - I had a bite of the goat. It was tender and had great flavor. Needless to say we were quite stuffed by the time we were finished. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Shes been open almost 5 months. Don't let this place get away. Support Ester and Fu Fu! I love it!
(Note  - I did use part of the detailed descriptions of the food from the menu that is posted on their website.)
We got the Puf Pufs, ginger mint drink, Tilapia Yassa, and BBQ Jerk Steak.  All were very good, and, what's better, DIFFERENT tasting than what's available elsewhere.  The Puf Pufs were super tasty, but know that 6 (an order) is a lot for 2 people.  The ginger mint drink was super spicy at first but got mellower and sweeter by the end of the glass. The tilapia was good, solid, and, again, just a different kind of taste than we've had before.  The steak was not NYC strip or anything but was a good cut of meat, tender, well seasoned, without gristle ,and not fatty. The fried rice and plantains that came with it went very well.

Prices are $10 an entree, which I think is cheap especially for the steak. Portion sizes are generous. Alcoholic drinks prices are very cheap, if you've got a driver. The people are nice and the atmosphere is sparse but clean. They've got African pop TV playing, which was awesome.

This is a 4 star restaurant (meaning that it delivers all it promises but has room to improve, e.g., atmosphere, extras) but I'm giving it 5 because it offers unique tastes.
Wow! My taste buds haven't been THIS excited in a long time! The food was truly amazing, the service so friendly, and the ambiance very casual and relaxed. Even as I type this, the flavors of the yassa chiken and the goat curry still linger strongly in my gustatory memory. My friend and fellow yelper John M. and I also had the pleasure of having the lovely Chef Esther Mbaikambey come over to chat with us. I know I will be coming back here very often, and I look forward to their all-you-can-eat Sunday (noon to 4 pm) where you can choose as many as you want (3 to start, order more if you've finished the 3) from pepper soup, eguisi soup, pof-pof, fish and couscous, yassa chicken, curry chicken, and jolof rice - all for $9.99 - soda included.
The flavors were diverse and satisfying, the quantity generous, the service friendly and personable from our server to owner-chef Esther who came out to greet us, and the price before drinks a very reasonable approximate $10 for a very satisfying meal.  

  I had the goat curry and it was very good - meat & vegetables alike. There was a  - the word diversity keeps coming back to me here - diverse set of distinct flavors in the dish that remained distinct and yet made for a very pleasing combination.  I asked for "mild" and they obligingly put the habanero based liquid fire on the side, for which I was most grateful:  too hot for me, thought I think Norm could have sipped it with a straw!

  The dining room is simple and clean with a few African art objects for good measure that don't overwhelm a pleasantly simple uncrowded cafe setting.  The men's room was clean, if just a tad less than pristine at the very end of the evening.
 
Additional compliments for the cordial welcome despite our straggling in but minutes before the  scheduled closing time of 9PM (Sat. night), and for a really good  and LARGE lime daiquiri. Thank you Groupon (and I think a good NT review too) for leading me & Yelp eliterati Norm to a very pleasing dining experience which we both look forward to repeating at Fu Fu Cuisine.
We went to celebrate Amy's birthday,  My Co-worker who is visiting for one year from Taiwan for a birthday/Late Lunch .   The Pof-Pofs were great.  Ping Pong ball sized.    Fried sweet dumpling: made with flour, sugar and butter and deep fried.   Nice, crispy and lightly sweet.  Not a bit oily.   Definately get 6 for $4.00.   We both took 2 Home and they microwaved perfect, 15 seconds, for a reminder of a great meal.
My Entree - Curried  Goat  Cubes of Goat meat marinated and cooked in curry, green beans and carrots. Served over white steamed rice and fried plaintains for $8.99
Amy's - Fried Tilapia - Fresh marinated tilapia deep fried. It was served with jolof rice for $10.99 the whole fish.  Amy said that it reminded her of the Fish from Taiwan.  She took her time and savoured every morsel.  As mentioned in other Yelps, Esther, The Beautiful Owner/Chef came and introduced herself to us a few minutes after we ordered.  She revisited a second time just to see if we liked our selections and commented on Amy's fine job of Fish eating.    I would really recommend this restaurant.  The prices are reasonable and you will leave full.  As a matter of fact, I took 1/2 of my Entree Home and enjoyed it the next day.    On Sunday's 12- 4 pm,  they have a $9.99 Buffet which may be a good introduction to a wider selection of choices to her cuisine.
I probably never would have tried Fu Fu Cuisine without the groupon ($15 for $30), but now that I've tried it I will go back (groupon or not).

We got the Yassa Tilapia and the Jerk Chicken.  Both were very good.  Other reviews have said it, and it's true.  Each dish tastes distinctly different and each has a combination of flavors that really make the dishes "pop".  Even the rice with the Jerk chicken was unique and complex.

We started with a meat pie, which tasted like a hanheld pot pie.  The meat stuffing has a little spice to it.  The Pof-pofs are good, one per person makes for a good additional starter.

Their all-bottle beer selection isn't bad (includes Corona, Guinness, and Heineken, including other american and caribbean favorites), which are all $3.50.  Very reasonable.
Those familiar with the workings of the typical family run eateries of the Carib will find this place totally enjoyable.  The food is worth 4 stars anywhere but here in the States their service level comes in at a solid 2 which brings their average to a 3.  
There's nothing that's going to torpedo the ship, but a little tweaking here and there would make a major difference.  First off, figure out where the best tables are and fill those places first.  Then start jamming people into corners.  Although it makes it easier for the server, from the customer's perspective when the place is empty there's no reason to fill tables right next to each other.
Offer to take a drink order when you seat your guests and then get it to them within 5 minutes max.  Not with the entree'!
On multiple visits I've had the tomato stew, jerk chicken, curried goat, chicken celery salad and a few other dishes all of which were reminiscent of the typical open-aire roadside barbecue you'd expect to find if you were touring the islands or west Africa.  Good, wholesome, hearty food made with a loving touch.  But if you're sitting under a palm, listening to the sound of the surf provide a back drop to the local music playing on a boom box, you're probably going to be more tolerant than if you're sitting in a strip mall in Phx.
After reading all the 5 Star raves for this place it was something of a disappointment for me.  Arlin B., Mike C., & I dropped in for lunch today after coming last Thursday when they were supposed to be open at 11 AM but never opened as we waited a while.

This time we waited until 12 to arrive, & they were open.  Our server said yes, they should have  opened last time at 11!

I ordered the Jerk Chicken plate, which the menu says comes with mashed potatoes & broccoli, but mine came with a bed of flavored rice under the chicken. For sides, I had the Beef Dumpling Soup, & shared small orders of Pof Pof & Jamaican Patties with the others.

I thought all the food was ok, but loud music played during most of our visit, & this lunch was EXPENSIVE...  over $50 for the three of us, with just water to drink!

I think Ocean Blue in Chandler is a better choice for this kind of food, & I'm pretty sure this was a one visit restaurant for me.     :-|
Had lunch here today with Arlin B. and Rand H. and I was fired up over this place because it averaged 5 stars. Well I ordered the jerk chicken with mashed potatoes and broccoli garnish. What I got was jerk chicken with fried rice. The jerk chicken was the worst jerk chicken I have had ,it was white meat chicken done on the grill with a little jerk seasoning on it.It should have been legs and thighs cooked over an open flame.The rice I had (and I am no fan of rice) was dry and not very taste. A lot of people rave the pof pof balls and I found them to be ok but nothing spectacular. The only thing that saved them from one star was the Jamaican patties were real good ,but I think they are bought and just heated up. So I give this place two stars because I will not return and I could have had the 5 star buffet at casino Arizona for less money.
My hubby has been trying to bring me here for months.  I would find an excuse every time; too far, I'm too dressed up, it's too late, like any of those had stopped me before.  Well, I guess the stars lined up for him yesterday.  My afternoon schedule was not crammed as usual and we had a sitter an a loaner car.  What more can you ask when you have to drive over 30 miles for a meal.   The place is in a little strip mall, on the Avenues side of Camelback.  I don't think I have ever been this far west on Camelback.  We got in and the owner, Esther, showed us to our table.  The music was a little loud, however within minutes it was lowered, so I guess someone else requested it before I did.  I started with a drink, the "Island Fruity" and shared a hand pie with my hubby.  The drink was deliciously sweet and the pie was spicy.  Great combination.  For my entree, I had the Yassa chicken and I had to order a side of the plantains.  My chicken was very good, I liked the sauce that topped it, it had papers, onions and olives in a creamy dijon, peanut sauce.  Too bad this place is so far away.  I would love to come back to try other dishes.  Maybe the stars will line up again another time.
While the server was nice, I ordered their goat dish. I tried to eat it, but it smelled horrible and tasted even worse. It was on par with the smell at the zoo - While I am always up for trying new food and new places, I couldn't even take morethan one bite. If it wasn't for the plantains, I would have starved. Also, the food took forever to come out. It was like our table, which was one of three occupied tables, was being ignored. It was a good 20 minutes between ordering lunch and the food being given to us. Also, it doesn't help that the resturant is in a shady shopping center. I will not be going back to this place.
I went here on Wednesday night because I had a Groupon that was expiring that day (Oh no!!). I was excited to try this place, but hadn't come sooner because it is soooo far from Mesa.  We had: Island fruity drink, meat pie, pof pofs, curry chicken, and tomato and rice stew. 

The good:
The drink was very sweet and delicious
The pof pofs tasted like salty donuts....pretty good, very dense. They kind of filled me up before I even got my entree. 
The spicy sauce (I asked for it and the waiter warned me several times that it was VERY spicy...I thought it added a lot of flavor and was tasty)

The medioce:
The density of the pof pofs
The curry chicken (I had asked our waiter what his favorite thing on the menu was and he said it was this curry chicken, but I found it somewhat lacking in flavor without the spicy sauce... made me wonder if I was being 'protected' from some of their other dishes...)
The meat pie- I thought the filling had a strange flavor, the BF really liked it though. I liked the crust. 
The stew...it was good, but not wonderful and the beef in it was somewhat fatty. 


The bad:
Service...sorry guys. We waited for our check for a looooong time. Also, we were seated in a dark corner, which was ok...but the restaurant was empty so I don't know why we were seated there. Kind of weird....
The loud music- the music was fine, just really loud. 

Overall, the place was alright, I would like to come back and try other things, but I wouldn't drive way out of my way again to do so (moving closer soon, so maybe I'll try again then).
Unfortunately Fu Fu Cuisine was more So So Cusinse for me...

I so wanted to give this small business owner a higher rating especially after reading several friends reviews.  Well, my experience was somewhat disappointing when I fellow Yelpers Rand H. and Mike C. this week for lunch.  

Restaurant ~ very clean and inviting.  Nothing fancy, very basic dinner type of feel.  They had the music way too loud for me while trying to enjoy lunch with some friends.  

Service ~ very nice and friendly however they were not very attentive to our drinks.  I also had an issue where they over charged me for an added soup.  One person's soup was $2.99 and my soup was $4.99?  I would have been OK with this if my portion was larger than the other but they were the same size.  After pointing it out the server lowered the price.  

Food ~ everything was just so so.  The dumpling soup was more broth than anything else.  Two small dumplings and three small pieces of cubed goat meat and a 1/4 ear of corn...  I do not recommend this soup.  The jerk chicken and rice was very dry and lacked the grilled flavor that usually comes with Caribbean jerk chicken.  The Pof Pof balls were too big and doughy and were more like really big flour hush puppies.  The meat pie was the star of my dinning experience here!

I don't my experience is a "one off" because the Yelpers that joined me experienced the same so so cuisine I had.
I heard about this little gem earlier in the week, and after looking at the menu online and reading some reviews from fellow yelpers, I decided I would try it out. The restaurant was very clean and I enjoyed the music playing, but I think it could use a little more color in the dining room. I was greeted upon entering and was asked if I had been here before. The waiter was very friendly and took the time to explain some of the dishes to me. I asked about the pof pof and he explained that they are like donuts, but better. I passed on them. I ordered the jerk steak over jolof rice, a meat patty, and plantains. First came out the meat patty. The pastry tasted like cornmeal to me, and not flakey like I had hoped. The filling was quite good and just enough spice without going overboard. The steak was very tender and flavorful, with a little bit of heat. For the price, you get your money's worth and I'll have enough left-overs for tomorrow's lunch. Before leaving, the waiter gave me a complimentary pof pof, and in my opinion, it was better than a donut.

I'll definitely be going there again.

John H
This place deserves all the 5 star reviews is it has.

Esther, the server, was excellent. Timely, friendly, she knows the food, and made great suggestions. We tired the pofpofs, meat pies, yassa, curried chicken, and fufu. Everything was very, very delicious. The meat pies, and yassa where my favorite. Very good quality food, especially for the price.  

If you are not scared to try new things, put a leg out there, this place is for you. But even if you are a more conservative person, try it, the best things in life are always unexpected.
I tried this restaurant out yesterday with a few friends, since it was recommended on a list of international restaurants in Phoenix published by the Arizona Republic. It was great! We tried the Yassa Chicken, the Jerk Chicken with Jolof Rice, the Curried Chicken, and the Curried Goat (the last was my personal favorite) and they were all delicious! For dessert, we had the Pof Pofs (sweet dumplings), and they were equally delicious. This place is great for eating family-style  and trying out new things, and the owner/chef, Esther, was incredibly gracious and welcoming. She even served us the dessert for free! 

If you're looking for something new, try this place out!
We read about this place in The Arizona Republic's 37 international cuisines special and decided we wanted to try it out. We drove an hour to eat at Fu Fu and it was definitely worth the trip. Even though we arrived at around 3 p.m. on a Tuesday in the middle of summer, Esther was extremely warm and welcoming. I came with three other people and we decided to try a variety of dishes. We started out with the pof-pofs, and then ordered the Curried Chicken, the Curried Goat, the Yassa Chicken, and the Jolof Rice with Steak. Everything was delicious. All the meat was very tender and tasted delicious. We all agreed that our favorite dishes were the curry ones, but we really like curry so we might be a bit biased. Esther helped us order our dishes and was attentive, but not overly so, throughout our meal. At the end of the meal we had all eaten way too much because everything tasted too good to stop eating. We split the check four ways and Esther gave us the pof-pofs for free. I wish I was closer to Fu Fu because I definitely want to come back again.
I contemplated this review the entire drive home... as I stuffed my face with the GREAT puf pufs that I got to go.  This restaurant has a LOT of 5-star ratings.  I've only given out three 5-star ratings, and I would not give this place a 5, but I was seriously contemplating the 3 or the 4.  I decided to go with 4 becasue I can't fault the sweet lady who owns this place for the lack of GOOD service from the servers.  So, I will give Fu Fu a 4 star.  Here's how my experience went.

I arrived and I was not greeted as warmly as I would have expected.  I will not dwell on how poor/untrained the service was.  I think the girls waiting on the tables need some training and the experience will be better for people.  And I should never see a place with that many people in it and one of the servers is just sitting down.  WOW, I hope Ester reads this and really works on those servers.

On to the good part!  I arrived with my mind made up about what I wanted to eat.  I had the GingerMango drink.  A little pricey, but very very tasty.  Spicy due to the ginger.  The texture was just right.  NOt too thin and not too thick.  Too much ice!
 ;-)  I wanted more, basically, for $5.  

I ordered the pepper soup.  It arrived with a LOT of meat in it.  I had no idea what kind of meat would be in the soup.  I just wanted to try something different and tasty.  Did not let me down!  From the taste, I knew it was an animal's stomach.  I wasn't sure what kind.  I didn't ask until I finished it.  I didn't want to hear it was pig belly until it was over!  So I ate the broth and tasted the meat.  Turns out that was Goat belly in there.  LOL, I loved it.  I really did.  If you like menudo, you'd enjoy it.  I definitely did.

For my lunch/dinner, I had the fried Tilapia and Jallof rice.  Both were bursting with wonderful flavors.  I was very happy with the fish.  The Jallof rice was also tasty and delicious.  The food was just as appealing visually.  

There was a large meetup group seated in the dining room and I saw the owner come out and speak to them.  I can appreciate this lady and her business and I do love it.

As far as the music, I'm not sure if they have adjusted the volume of the music, or if some people have spidey ears.  I did not have an issue with the volume of the music.  I personally enjoyed it.  I'm tickled how much the Nigerian music sounds like western/caribbean pop/hip-hop music.  Funny how all things come full circle because African music orginally influenced some western/caribbean music and now it has gone full circle!
Based upon Chef Esther's recommendation, I ordered the Yassa Chicken. The combination of rich flavors and spices was amazing, and the chicken was so tender it almost melted upon each bite. The portion size was enough to share with a friend, and you truly get your money's worth for just $10.

For dessert, I ordered the Pof Pofs. If you have any kind of sweet tooth and love donut-like desserts, you will want to try these.

I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu items!
Their drinks are huge, tropical, delicious, and cheap. I thoroughly enjoyed the meat pies, chicken curry, and puff-puffs. My husband wasn't a fan of his dish: goat, okra, and pounded yam, so he was a bit jealous of my good entree selection. The service was fantastic. Very attentive.

We had a Groupon, which made the trek to the west valley worth it. While we wouldn't drive out there again just to go to Fu Fu's, if we happened to be in the area, we'd certainly stop, especially for the cocktails. Made me feel like I was in the Caribbean again.
DEFINITELY GO HERE! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This place is fantastic. If you are a cuisine adventure seeker or just want some yummy food give this place a try. The food is original and tasty. Don't miss out on the "puf puf"'s or they may be called "poof poofs". Just like a homemade donut with a crispy outside. My husband and I intend to go back every week until we try everything on the menu.
I wanted to like this place. Let me repeat, I really really wanted to like this place. This is the first African restaurant I've heard of in the Phoenix valley area and AS SOON as I heard about it I made immediate plans to visit with my friends. I always try to support local Arizona businesses and with this being an African restaurant, I wanted to support especially because there are so few (if any others) here in the valley. 

My mother is from Sierra Leone, I've spent a lot of time traveling throughout West Africa and spent my entire life eating the cuisines from countries like Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Liberia, Ghana, Togo, Senegal etc. I've sat in many of my "aunties" (and my mother) kitchens and watched them prepare chicken yassa, egusi soup, jollof rice, moi moi, sawa sawa, krin-krin etc. 

Therefore, unlike many (not all) of the reviewers...I know what to expect and I know what to look for in preparation. It's important to also note that each country has their own unique dishes, flavors, cooking styles, but we also share some common dishes like jollof rice, pepper soup, casava leaf, fufu etc. With having common dishes there are always "debates" about who makes the best jollof rice, pepper soup or cassava leafs. People from Sierra Leone, Ghana, Liberia or Nigeria? Much like how people in the United States debate which state makes the best BBQ? Texas? Or Tennessee?

When I saw they had fish yassa on the menu I was extremely excited. 
I've typically had this dish at my favorite Senegalese restaurants or prepared by family friends and I was expecting a flavorful delight. When my food arrived I took a bite of my fish, jollof rice and the onion medley. I stopped, I asked the waitress where the cook was from and she said Nigeria. Sighed because it wasn't like my beloved Senegalese version and continued to eat (I hate wasting food). 

My fish was fried until it was practically dried out. While I love crispy tilapia, I don't like it when it's practically burned dry. The jollof rice reminded me how much I disliked Nigerian jollof rice. I was disappointed with my food as were my African & Caribbean friends, but our African-American friends enjoyed their meals. 

I will say that the owner came over to our table to check in with us and was extremely friendly. She was so nice that I wished I genuinely enjoyed the food.  

I brought the leftovers home to my mother as she wanted to know about my experience. My mother took a bite of the jollof rice, screwed her face and asked where the cook was from...I said Nigeria to which she replied, "I thought so...". 

So would I return? Maybe,  the owner was wonderful, it's an African business, and I think maybe I should give it one.last.chance. However, I would definitely try something else.
This restaurant was a pleasant surprise, I ordered the cassava with rice and a side of fufu and plantains.  Everything was excellent!!  My only hope for this restaurant is that their service improves.  We didn't have anyone greet us upon entering for atleast a few minutes and even then it took too long for them to take our order..but I really wanted to try their food and these are not quick fast food dishes so you can appreciate the hand that makes the food.  This place is a must try for everyone!
I went with some of my classmates. They were pretty nervous about nigerian food, but the great reviews sold them. So we headed over there on our lunch break. We were pleasantly surprised. It was pretty awesome.

The owner was so friendly and nice. She really took care of us and seemed genuine. 

I checked in and got a drink for 3 dollars. Let me tell you, this drink was amazing. It was fruity and full of alcohol, but you didnt realize how much alcohol (thats the best kind!) I loved it. I wish I could have had more, but I would have to be carried out.

The food was so good. My friends ordered dishes like the yassa chicken and jerk chicken. One friend ordered pepper soup and did not know tripe was in it. She tried to eat it, but could not get past it, so be warned! We also had the Puff Puff. Order those. They are amazing. Oh soo yummy.

I didn't rate 5 stars because of the lack of vegetarian options. She had to mix something up for me. I wish there was a vegetarian soup or entree on the menu. It would have made the experience great for me.
I love this restaurant and hope it will stay open. Why? We went on a Friday at lunch time (11a.m.) and it was empty. No one came in during the course our meal.

Anyway the food is amazing. We tried the plaintine, pof-pof, meat pie for appetizer.
They were all really good. 

For the entree, i had the goat curry. Man so good. I want some more now... Anyway i went to see a movie afterward. It sucked. 2/5
I bought the Yelp deal for this awesome little gem of a restaurant. It was a great deal! 
The food was delicious. I was a bit adventurous and ordered the goat curry. I'm glad I did! I was so fragrant and tasty. I had to be careful that I didn't just inhale the whole dish. 
I also had a pof pof, which was fun too. It's like a super-size cake donut hole that tastes vaguely banana-like. Not too sweet, but really great.
Esther was single-handedly running the show, bussing tables and cooking. She was very attentive, though. Hopefully her business can grow. It's a great place!
Puff Puff's were the reason we stopped by, said they were the best! had to say they were pretty good, especially with a cup of coffee :-) lady and her husband were very friendly, need to try the food next time.....
We had the steak shish kabob and jofi rice. They dishes were really good and full a flavor! I was a little worried at first as we were the only people in the restaurant for a while. But it tries our to be a nice experience. The waitress was nice, and attentive. Not very talkative which is good and bad. If come back with another groupon.
I used the Yelp deal for this. I ordered Cassava Leaves w/FuFu & a couple of Pof Pofs. The food was good and tasty.
When it comes to little restaurants owned by hard working people trying to make it in this economy, Esther and Martial seems to understand just what it takes to be successful. They've got it all: good food, good service, clean environment and good dessert. (Dessert is a whole separate food group in my opinion!)

Let's talk about the place and people first. It's what I'd call a hole in the wall. It occupies a space at the end of a small strip mall. It has a little designated outside area with few tables and inside isn't too terribly big either. But it's nicely decorated without going crazy and makes you feel cozy. It's clean and they keep it up. When I went, it was only the owners there, Esther and Martial, tending to their customers. They have a good rhythm together and they're both very sweet and friendly. They make you feel very welcome. They patiently teach you how to eat something I've never even heard of and explained the menu items and some options. They even taught me different styles of African cuisine. I could tell they were happy to do what they did and glad to share part of their world with a newbie. 

And the star of the show: the food. Oh my gosh. Delicious. I tried 3 dishes. The egusi, fried tilapia and yassa. All three were delicious. Egusi, also known as fu fu, is made with goat meat and served with pounded yam. They help you wash your hands and you take the dough (yam), shape it, dip it in egusi and eat it. Very different. Egusi had a great, strong flavor and wasn't overpowering. I couldn't get used to the texture of the pounded yam but it did have a good flavor. It melts in your mouth. Fried tilapia is a whole tilapia! It's served with the entire fish, head and tail included. You'll see its eyes and little teeth. It's served with jolof rice and some sort of cucumber relish side that complimented the fish very well. Yassa is served on a bed of rice and red beans. It reminded me of curry quite a bit. Even the beans had a lot of flavor on their own, which is hard to accomplish. Everything was delicious and smelled as good as it tasted.

There's a reason they were named the best donut of 2012 by New Times. I don't care how full you are. You must order their pof pof and try it while it's still warm. Oh my delicious. They were soft, doughy, sweet but not overly so. It looks like plain cake donut but much, much yummier. I got 2 orders of it to go to share with people so I can convince them to try this place.

Oh and Martial was my bartender. I had their fela fruity and ginger mint. He definitely does not skimp on the booze and they're tasty. The fela fruity is a mix of fruity alcohol and mixers. Very tropical. Ginger mint. Oh boy. Martial asked what kind of alcohol I wanted and I knew spiced rum would go perfectly and boy, was I right. The spiced rum was the perfect compliment to ginger mint. They make their ginger mint juice from scratch with fresh ingredients. The rum helped with the ginger kick and it was absolutely delicious. They offer their mixed drinks in virgin form so you don't have to worry about getting drunk. I would suggest watering down the ginger mint a little bit. It's a strong drink.

Is it obvious I loved this place? It should be. If not, go up and read my review again. No wait, better idea. Put some clothes on, grab some friends and just go to Fu Fu. You won't regret it. Can't wait to go back!
The owner is also the hostess, waitress, cook & bartender!!!  Now that is pretty amazing by itself.  I tried the craziest thing on the menu that I could find, stewed goat with smashed yam and casava leaves.  After the meal Esther laughed and said she had "never seen a caucasian eat all her food before."  

She was great and makes a mean rum drink too.  The neighborhood is bit dicey at night, but hey, live a little.  Watching her work so hard made me appreciate my desk job even more.  

After the meal and in the parking lot, she actually said I tipped her "TOO MUCH" and tried to give me some money back!!!  I told her she was worth every penny and with all the jobs she was doing I wish it was more.  Really great and I will try to support this little business as much as I can.  The food may be too exotic for some of you but give it a try.
What a disappointment! Shows how ya can't rely on reviews all the time 
The meat pie was pretty tasty but not worth the 20min wait for it 
The beef soup in the app menu was SUPER salty and the meat was Tough Yuck 
Along with the dumplings not being fully cooked. My mom ordered the 
Jerk chicken good tasting but not worth the price! Super skinny small breast 
Of chicken served over an abundance of rice talk about 
Making your money off rice. The service wasn't that great either
He was nice but after getting a couple other tables he was swamped
I would never recommend this place and the bathrooms are
 Disgustingly dirty !
I only gave this restaurant 2 stars because the owner is nice and trys very hard, but it should be a 1. Let me start off with the fact that my husband is Nigerian and we just moved here from Houston which is little Nigeria (seriously) so our credibility is good. I will start with the decor it is just ok, the service is good the server is always friendly and the owner is very nice. I have always jollof rice and stew with assorted meat. The stew is not spicy so she brings extra peppers in a small bowl.  The rice is hard and has a odd taste it is not good at all the stew which is the red sauce has no flavor. My husband gets fu fu with egusi soup he says that it is tasteless but he never complains because he feels it is offensive, I guess it is cultural. 

His brother came to town and he was starving and wanted some native food so we once again are forced to go to this restaurant.  I warned him that it is not good. But he insisted. So we go and he orders the egusi and tried it and sent it back so fast. My husband was so embarrased. I vow never to return so instead my husbands' sister sends us food by fedex or he cooks stew at home which is ok but it doesn't compare to his sisters.  I wish there was at least another option for Nigerian food in Phoenix but I don't think the community is large enough to accommodate, I am not sure.
Great food, with massive portions.  Fair prices.
Great service and most of the food was very good. It's quite a unique and authentic experience but even the most cautious of eaters have several delicious options. Highlights were the beef kebabs, the chicken kebabs, the meatballs with rice and the puff puffs (which were absolutely delicious!) If you refuse to
try any nigerian food come just for the puff puffs, which are delicious yet light and non-greasy balls of fried batter which taste like much improved donuts.
Jerk chicken is  great! Sampler appetizer platter is definitely worth it. Portions are large, so come hungry!
If you are seeking a taste bud adventure, head to Fu Fu's African and Caribbean Cuisine! Me and my friend ordered the Appetizer Sampler and Esther's Meatballs. The food was beyond amazing! We "MMMmmmed" so much during the meal without any shame. The owners do such an amazing job bringing such unique food to Phoenix. The taste is unlike ANYTHING else in Phoenix. I highly recommend Fu Fu's to all foodies out there! So delicious! Darn it I wish I lived closer to this place, it is truly a gem :-)
Food was good and staff super nice. They spent some time explaining the food to us. Great place!!!
This place is modest in looks but do not let that fool you.  I brought a group of people to FuFu Cuisine this past Saturday and the feed back was great. FuFu gave great portions, great taste was great and great price. The group will return again after the new year.  Marshall and Esther (the owner's) thank you for great food and service.
Went here with my husband to have dinner before a graduation ceremony @ GCU.  I have never tried african cuisine before, but my husband, form NY missed it so much we decided to try this place out.  It was very different, my hubby thought it was fantastic, HE LOVED IT. The curry is very differant, but good.  I would try it out again, but not my favorite...
Came here for the first time using a Living Social coupon. I really enjoyed it. I got the $2 Strawberry Iced Tea for checking in on Yelp and it was tasty. We started off with the pof pof (sp?) balls which were really good but beware as they are filling. They are lightly sweetened donuts and I really liked them. We each also got a meat pie and to be honest I didn't care for it too much. Too spicy for me and I just didn't care much for the taste either. I got the Jerk Chicken platter with rice and a side of plantains. All of it was excellent and I will be having the other half for dinner tonight. We will definitely be back!
Went there once and the food was pretty good. I believe I had tilapia, rice, and plaintains.  Wasn't licking my fingers, but I was satisfied. 
The owner is really nice, and they had nice African music playing in the background.
Yassa chicken.  Chicken with onions and peppers.  Sounds pretty pedestrian.   But the execution is sublime.   I even tried to duplicate it by googling a recipe and tryin my hand at preparing this African dish in my kitchen.  Good...but not great.  

The mark of a good restaurant for me is one where the food draws you in, not the brick and mortar.  Verily, this shop's ambiance is limited, but the cuisine is top rate.  And, you walk out really rooting for its success so that you can get back every few months o have some more of that Yassa.
Was in the neighborhood driving by and spotted a sign for Nigerian cuisine in a little ethnic strip mall. Wasn't really hungry but shoot I've ever had Nigerian food before. I'm curious and I pull over and pay the restaurant a visit. I enter with who I assume is the owner is watching Nigerian TV is also the cook and server. She tells me that they've been open for six weeks. I peer over the menu, unfamiliar with everything the owner recommends jollof rice with choice of stewed meat: goat chicken, fish, beef or a mixture of beef and goat. Craving something more gamey opted for the goat and wash it down it a Vitamalt (Nigerian coke). 

She heads back to the kitchen after taking my order and out she comes with one plate containing a rather slim, boney portion of meat and another plate containing the jollof rice topped with several slices of plantain. I'm disappointed by the small portion of goat in comparison to the larger rice plate I receive. Strangely one portion of the goat is falling off the bone tender while others are a little tougher. The rice on the other hand is nice and fluffy, reminding me of Spanish rice. The plantains are nicely cooked with their bark brown caramelized edges. Solid. Decor is sparse with the exception of a flat screen and considering that I was the only patron in the restaurant, I would've liked a little more attention. Seemingly a little distant, I got the vibe that perhaps she wasn't used to seeing an Asian cat dining at a Nigerian spot. All good though, I'll be returning soon as I'm in that neighborhood every week. Hopefully I don't face the same experience next time I try their other offerings.
Do not go to this eatery.I repeat do not go eat at this establishment.
My girlfriend and I went here looking for goat meat and got the worst food and service ever.First they did not have anyone to sit anyone or greet guests as they entered the restaurant.The onwer lady came from the back and sat us.They took a long time to take our order since there was no wait staff.When the food got there it was all wrong.The owner had said its goat meat.He gave us goat stew which had fish in it.We did not want any fish-he kept concinvicing that there was no fish-just stock fish(whats' the difference?)There was little meat to be had and plenty of stuff you did not want.Also when addressed the owner wanted to argue with us.Wrong!you never argue with a customer.I wanted lemon in my water for a little bit of taste.He did not have any so he went to the store and bought limes came and cut them up and tried to pass them off as lemons.Am not dumb I know limes from Lemons-get me some Lemons.The food was so-so to so-bad.Service was awful and not worth the expensive ticket meal.The Menu was not extensive and choices have to be offered for a complete dining experience.Do not go to this eatery at any rate.#atyourownrisk!
Well I was happy to eat amala ati egusi iyan naa fele dada aaa ,matin pada laipeee
Average naija food. Not bad, but not great either. Seems to be a spicy hot slant on the dishes, not a bad thing if one likes spicy food (like myself), but if not (like my girlfriend) prepare to shed tears and chase down each bite with liquid anesthetic (water, soda etc). Nice lady running establishment. :)
This was my first time in a Nigerian restaurant as I normally enjoy the cuisine at the homes of friends. The decor was sparse but the hospitality and spices were over abundant. I attempted to eat the Jollof rice and goat meat but gave up after a few bites. My Louisiana roots had not prepared me for the West African spice the proprietor graciously heaped upon my plate. The portion was worth the cost but I took mine to go. Next time I'll ask for the child's version of mild and a glass of milk to be safe. The flavor I was able to ascertain was above average. My Nigerian boyfriend enjoyed his cuisine and my pain. I would definitely recommend this to friends.
Located right next to the Indian market in a plaza just south of the university, this restaurant is a little treasure. Actually, it seats a fair amount of folks, but I was the only diner Thursday afternoon. I had the lunch special--a huge plate of jollof rice and plantains and two large and meaty chicken drumsticks plus a can of soda for eight dollars.
Delicious! When in Vegas my taste buds crave and appreciate an outing to Nigerian Cuisine. Comfy, so-so decor, but yummy food! If I wanted decor, I'd be in Ikea, given that its stomach that is doing review 4 strong stars. :)
This place changed ownership in June 2013 and thankfully changed cooks. I have been here several times in the past few months and have been forced to taste more exotic cuisines.  The food is actually very flavorful. I have had the egusi with pounded yam,  plantain plate, jollof rice, and meat stew with goat meat. Each time my hesitation was met with delight and maybe a slight taste of hesitation.  The new owners have changed the decor (thankfully) and provide entertainment in the form of a big screen TV.  

They strive to create a place to commune and enjoy good food and great company. The fifth star is missing due to lack of a liquor license at this time.
What's this that has popped up on Morrison Street out of nowhere? Another Shebeen! For those of you who don't know, the original Shebeen is located next to Mithas down at the Shore, Leith. So this new addition was a very welcome surprise.

We decided to pop in for a drink at the weekend to see what it's all about. I think it is easiest if I just split my experience into pros and cons.

The pros:
- Great central location.
- Fun South African themed interior.
- We didn't eat this time but we saw food being served and the the traditional South African menu looks amazing.
- Friendly staff.

The cons:
- I had to change my drink order 3 times before they actually had the drink in stock.
- It is pretty small and chilly inside.
- The staff seemed a little nervous and unsure of what they were doing.

I shall forgive the cons. They are very newly opened and it is only natural to have teething problems, as long as they get them ironed out. For now, I wouldn't return for a drink (as it is just a small restaurant area) but i will go to their Leith bar for a drink, and I will return to Morrison Street to sample their exciting menu. After that I will update my review with the outcome :)
this review will be rather short and sweet, similar to my visit to shebeen.  see it was friday night, i'd already been out and was meeting the boyfriend for a quick nightcap before heading back to his flat.  i was in old town, he was on lothian, we needed to go to slateford, hence the newly opened Shebeen.

i remember this place being an OK japanese noodle bar we'd been to once, so i was pleasantly surprised to find it had been re-opened as something more promising with less greasy noodles.  the restaurant is just a short flight of stairs from the street and when you open the door it's all south african music and wood furnishings and comfy leather benches.  i have to say it was a marked improvement over the old decor of the noodle bar.

we were only planning to grab a quick drink, but i sort of feel like this place isn't set up to be a drinks only location.  the waitress was happy to show us to a seat, but i felt a bit like had the place been busy with diners i would have felt out of place with my single beer.  my beer was good, of south african heritage but i can't say much more than that.  i'd be interested to see their food options which may be cause for a repeat visit, but i find it unlikely i would just visit here for a drink again as it definitely feels this place is much more a restaurant than a bar.
Do you like meat? Do you like a lot of meat? Say no more, head to Shebeen. It's a South African restaurant and apparently it is very authentic. It's located on the second floor near Lothian Road. 

My partner and I shared 'fanagalo' which was such a large portion. It included:
- meatballs
- a half rack of spare ribs
- homemade boerewors sausage
- pork belly and beef sosaties'

OMG the ribs were AMAZING! I want to come back already for the ribs alone. The pork belly was really good too. Actually, everything in this sharing platter was so tasty - everything was very well seasoned. 

For mains, I had the 'cheetah size' sirloin while my partner had the 'lion size' rib-eye. My boyfriend's steak was the size of a chopping board!! So unbelievable that I started laughing uncontrollably when the server brought it over. My steak was also quite large but manageable (mind you I did not finish it). The steaks were great. They weren't perhaps the best steak I have had but the price, we both agreed it was good value. 
My boyfriend brought half of his uneaten steak home in a doggy bag. 

I thought the service was good but there were some hiccups when our bill came - a beer that we hadn't ordered and the wrong wine was charged.

Overall, if you fancy some meat sweats venture over to this establishment. You'll definitely have a giggle when your steak arrives!
I think I ate most of Africa here.

Brotwurst sausages. Surf n Turf. Meatballs stuffed with mozzarella. Deep fried pork belly (yes, that's right, deep fried pork belly).

Shebeen is a newly opened African restaurant that serves up massive amounts of delicious meat at very affordable prices. I believe they used to have a bar down in Leith, that was more a bar than a restaurant; but this is definitely a restaurant. I've seen a few other reviews rate it on "coming in for a drink". That'd be like judging any restaurant on "coming in for a drink". Come here for the MEAT, and I think you'll like it far more.

As Shona F has said, if you like meat and a lot of meat, you'll like Shebeen. I came at lunch time and had the Fanagalo to share, with a burger on the side. For 5.95 each the Fanagalao - a sharing bucket, rather than platter - came with two deliciously juicy deep-fried pork belly pieces; 3 steak and veg skewers; 2 meatballs (one beef, one pork and mozzarella); 3 giant boerwors sausages; and a rack of ribs but they had run out that day so we had 2 lamb samosas instead.

Needless to say it was a huge amount of meat. THe boerwors were delicious and peppery, the steak skewers still pink inside, the deep fried pork belly.... Well, let's just say my arteries cried at the sound of it and I planned on only having one bite, but then I had one bite and the rest I just inhaled. It was soft, melt-in-the-mouth, and a very generous serving of meat too.

The staff were very friendly, it's a nice space. It's an upstairs restaurant, kitted out in dark wood with South African music and some decorations (I liked the painting of the buffalo head).

I am already planning on coming back here, and soon. I'd really highly recommend this platter to try a bit of everything that they offer - just don't make dinner plans (or eat a light lunch).
"Welkom to Meat Heaven" is the bold claim, as you enter Shebeen's new premises, at the top of Morrison Street. Their South African delights, prepared on the braai, are a considerable treat, so I'd heartily recommend you pay it a visit. Definitely more a restaurant than a bar, this is the place to go next time you need a good dose of meaty goodness. The lunchtime fanagalo (a big bucket of meat, to share) is excellent value, so definitely the one to try on your first visit :-)

Overall, we said: "I was well impressed by the meat heaven available at Shebeen. For the meat lover in your life, this is the place to book for your next lunch or evening out. I'm going to go back, soon, to try their steaks, as I have a feeling they'll be good, based on the care and attention shown in the preparation of the items we had, today. Veggies...well, this one's not for you."
Simply put....Outstanding! Food was incredible, the bunny chow being a must try. Great weekday lunchtime specials to boot! The proprietor was both personable and knowledgeable and spent a quality among of time discussing everything from food selection, preparation to pairings. Highly recommended for anyone interested in a truly authentic South African experience.
All I had heard before having dinner here was that they served "a bucket of meat"... I was equal parts intrigued and excited...

I am happy to report that it did not disappoint and at 6.50/person (minimum 2 to share - although there's talk of the boys going back and eating a 2'fer on their own), it is really just a ridiculous amount of meat! The bucket comes with ribs, South African game sausages, kebabs, giant meatballs and the piece de resistance is surely the DEEP FRIED PORK BELLY... ON A STICK!! Yup huh... slow cooked pork belly on a skewer, coated in crispy batter & fried...  It's as amazingly tasty as it is bad for your health! (Luckily you only get one portion of each item per person).

I also ordered a starter size surf n turf for my main course, but I really didn't need any more food after the meat bucket... especially since we had cake for dessert... but I managed to find room in my belly for it anyways.

The thing about a restaurant that serves mainly meat is that they really have to know what they're doing in the kitchen.. it's so easy to under/over cook meat rendering it inedible or just a bit disgusting..  That was my only hesitation going in but I need not have worried. 

Everything was cooked to perfection.  It was tasty tasty murder even if my stomach didn't quite agree with the sheer amount of meat I fed it... 

Loses stars because the service was a bit ad hoc and hectic..  the space is quite small and there was another large party which meant we were rather squished and the servers had no way to get around.. passing plates up and down the table is never great.. there was manic arm waving in order to get more drinks etc.

It was a good meal and I can't fault it too much but I'm not sure I'm in a hurry to go back...
Si te gusta la carne y ests en Edimburgo no te pierdas este local.

Si tu idea es ir durante el fin de semana os recomiendo reservar, ya que el local suele estar bastante concurrido.
Como bien se puede ver en su pgina web, tienen buena oferta de entrantes,hamburguesas, platos principales y postres.

Yo personalmente escog carne (obvio) y puedo opinar sobre el Sirloin (Buensimo), acompaado con patatas fritas caseras (perfectas), salsa, aros de cebolla y un poco de ensalada. Tambin probamos como entrantes los "Sosaties" (pinchos de carne con salsa africana) y "surf&turf" (lonchas de carne con gambas enormes).

Si tu opcin es la de comer carne, te dan a elegir entre dos tamaos: si tu apetito es tan voraz cul len africano, tu opcin es "Lion size" (la pieza supera los 500gr), si por el contrario no tienes tanta hambre y te conformas con menos de 500gr, te ofrecen la opcin "Cheetah size" (por menor precio, claro).
La oferta de vinos no era muy amplia, pero hay oferta suficiente para cada tipo de bolsillo.

El local es idneo para llenarte bien el buche y despus tomarte alguna copa en los alrededores de Lothian Road.
We only stopped here for drinks, but its lovely inside for an authentic south african atmostphere. The wine that we had was not to be questioned and the staff were new but service we fabby!! The food menu looked great for all those hardy meat eaters out there!!

Its on my to do list !!
For some time now the name Shebeen has been bouncing around the city as the spiritual home of carnivores! A place where meat is the main event.
 
Under the banner of being a South African restaurant the guys here have built up a reputation for serving up big plates of well cooked, well seasoned meat. It's a reputation which is very well deserved!
 
On reading the menu you quickly get a sense that this unapologetic reverence for beef had been taken to new levels.
 

On the starters you'll find samosas filled with either beef or veg, 'mini' boerewors with they homemade tomato relish, frikadelle - a meatball stuffed with various things including cheese and a number of the other main courses in start portions! I opted for the calamari however, crunchy, soft and delicious with a lovely dipping sauce! 


If it was hard to choose a starter selecting a main was well nigh impossible, steaks of varying sizes, traditional South African dishes and some straight up meat challenges! Amongst these challenges you will find the Jo Burger, 1.2kg of beef or a custom baked bun WOW!! This would have to wait for a another day however, I was after some steak!
 

My friend Scott went for the Lion ribeye you see up on the board, that was sensational, cooked to a beautiful rare the flavour was superb! I went surf and turf, rare steak and prawns covered in garlic and chilli with double cooked fries!! This lead to coining of the phrase #meatgasm!


What really stands out for me in Shebeen is the care they give to the meat! From doing their butchery, to their seasonings, to the way in which they perfectly rest the meat before serving. These guys are the kings of grilled meat as far as I am concerned!


To top it all off the service and the welcome you receive is first class! The chefs are all more than happy to chat steak and the front of house staff are welcoming, funny and efficient! They really do have it all!
Roll out the meat! 

This place is a real meat fest for people that want meat meat meat. (no pescetarians or vegetarians allowed!) 
In a place that looks like a converted Boers Farmstead they offer buckets and lion shares of ribs, fillets, T-Bone, Oxtail and Boerwors. 

What more is there that you need? Oh yes beer, Amstel, Castle and Corona or a good Savannah Dry cider to wash it all down with. 

I like the atmosphere and a birthday meal for 6 people needs a big table - which they have. The zebra skin on the ceiling beams do authenticate the feel of this place, and the springbok skin oval shield with spears on the wall creates an idea that they catch and butcher their meat them selves - well the butcher part is correct! 

The service is totally appropriate - always asking is all is fine or if you need more, MORE?! Are you kidding me? I am bursting after all this delicious meat. Just bring me a finger bowl to was off what didn't manage to lick of my digits. 

Few things though - some drinks are not available anymore and still on the menu. - just black 'm out? 

I have to say to them "Ek dankjie veel" !!
Popped in for a quick lunch yesterday and wow really impressed had the small lunch time burger fantastic value as it was huge and really great quick service. Will definitely return soon to try some of the other dishes.
so i finally made it back here for dinner!  and oh my, what a meaty delicious dinner it was!!  seriously the steaks here are enormous!!!  no joke, my boyfriend's steak was the size of my face if not bigger and my 'smaller' steak was of an equally large size.  the sides that came with the steak were quite good, especially the garlic mushroom and also my grilled prawn starter was super tasty!!  definitely will be heading back here for another dinner!!
YABBADABBA DOO!! Finally went to this place after waiting and waiting to go I finally got to ! Awesome awesome place! Hidden little place, as in you could walk right by it and not even know it was there. Went in, the waitress greeted us and I asked for a table. She said most of the tables were booked but checked anyways to see if she could squeeze us in which she did and I was very thankful. She came and got us a pitcher of water and asked what we would like to drink. I had a cheap S. African beer which was ok ( it was a cheap beer what can I complain about) . We then ordered the appetizer which was recommend to me. The Fandalango, which was a bucket of meats. It was a meal unto itself. Seriously guys and gals thats all you need it was filling enough. But since I was feeling like Fred Flintstone and I am a Leo I went and ordered my steak to , but let me finish with the appetizer first. The fried pork belly was strangely good! I thought it would be a bit sweeter in terms of the meat but it was still really moist and yummy. The fat on it was the best part I think, it had that pork flavour with something else I cant put my finger on. The ribs were also amazing I think I started sucking the bone marrow out of them. Then my T-Rex steak arrived. WOW, um waitress, ma'am, sorry but theres half a cow here I think your butcher messed something up. The steak was huge!!! ( you can all see from the pictures obviously but I still had to tell you and one more time) The steak was huge!!! Perfectly cooked as well, I love my steaks pretty rare, and seasoned lightly. Thats my only bit of criticism I wish it had a little bit more seasoning on it, just a bit to enhance the flavour . I didnt even get into the little bit of chips on the side. I had one of the onion rings and it was good, not burnt , not greasy, slightly sweet from the onion and otherwise perfect. The salad on the side is to clean the palate so I had some of that as well when I threw in the towel. Great place I will be back again for the ribs. Sadly this lion couldnt finnish his lion sized meal and had to take it home in his doggy- bag.
This was so awesome. Meaty perfection followed by wonderfully comforting milk tart. Proper south african food at its best and obviously made with love.
Fantastic evening at Shebeen! A meat lovers paradise!!!

Can I first of all say this restaurant is extremenly good value for money!! As a groupe we ordered ribs to start - finger licking good ! fall off the bone goodness...I ordered the steak for main ( id heard soo many good things about these juicy steaks ) and so had one! I ordered the LION size and my goodness I was given a steak bigger that the average head !!! It was juicy , full of flavour and lovely !!! 
Because it was a birthday meal for one of my friends we were allowed to bring a couple of bottles of fizz and the girls that served us were attentive and friendly. 

At the end my friend ordered a mint milkshake desert and the wrote on the plate Happy birthday and gave her for free a chomp ( s. african chocolate) and to us all a free spingbok shot each!!

I am sooo pleased that Sheebeen seems to be doing so well and i cannot fault it - Please please go!!
Freshly opened where Ann Purna once was, Bindi Kitchen and Cookery School is a mighty impressive new place, showcasing vegetarian street food with a Gujarati and East African influence.

The extensive selection of dishes I tried were all excellent, with the spinach and aubergine curry the best among many wonderful items. I look forward to my next visit, later this month.

So overall, we said: "Bindi was an absolute revelation. Rarely have my socks been so comprehensively knocked off by a place. Each dish was outstandingly good, and the warm and knowledgeable service was truly joyful. I'd recommend you visit soon and you visit often, as this is a superb new addition to Edinburgh's rich tapestry of restaurant excellence."
The heady scent of incense filled the air in Bindi as the Yelpers gathered for their vegetarian Indian Thanksgiving. The chairs were squashy and high-backed, arranged around a quirky T-shaped table arrangement. Among those of us seated next to the large and beautifully-decorated plate glass window, there was a little shuffling and struggling to slip in and out, but the passing of plates and dishes to those least accessible made for a fun party game and added to the celebratory atmosphere of our gathering. Tanya L had brought hand turkeys, and Julie G, in addition to Gobbles the turkey Beanie Baby, who served as our table mascot, had brought two big boxes with her containing pumpkin pie. The staff, far from being offended that we'd brought our own dessert, were more than happy to take them into the kitchen until they were needed, and even brought out a specially-made pumpkin curry to add to our dinner!

With two gluten-free diners among our number, the waitresses were also quick to go and check suitable dishes with the kitchen. Clad as they were in stunning fitted dresses heavily laden with mirrors and detailed embroidery, it was a joy to see them float around the restaurant with giant smiles. It felt like they loved being there as much as we did. I had a chat with one of the waitresses about the gorgeous outfit and she confessed she had been thrilled at the opportunity to wear it when she began working there.

Looking at the prices on the menu, I assumed that all the dishes would be tiny tapas-like things, so I ordered two from the starter-ish part of the menu, and a side on my main, knowing full well that Julie G's pumpkin pie was still to come for dessert. Big mistake! It's a wonder I could drag my bulk all the way home after a bunch of little square poppodums, some of Claire L's delicious sweet potato crispy curls, three amazing batata vada (sort of fried spicy potato patties), a grated carrot salad the name of which I can't remember, a thali served in five silver dishes, and a royal raita of seasoned yoghurt topped with what I think was pomegranate seeds. And whenever I felt like my mouth was on fire from all of the spices (perfectly balanced to create, not disguise, flavour) I took a sip of my passion fruit juice. Yes, indeed, passion fruit juice. Why does EVERYWHERE not serve passion fruit juice? I had two glasses of that stuff. And what did my bill come to for everything I ate (apart from the sweet potato curls I snaffled off Claire and the delicious slice of Julie's pie?) 13.50. I know, right?!

It took a bit of fiddling and faffing among us to sort out our bills individually at the counter but the staff remained helpful and cheery throughout the whole confusion, which ended the night with as much warmth and affection as with which it had begun.

They're starting cookery classes here in January. If it'll teach me to make food even half as good as what I had last night, I will be sorely tempted.

tl;dr version of this review: Go here.
5 stars and deservedly so!

Quiet but friendly staff and Bindi herself is lovely, telling us about different dishes on offer.

Food was superb! I like eating veggie anyway and don't mind missing meat so this place is vegetarian heaven. Lots of little bites, shared platter type dishes and a thali - choice of curries with rice and chapati's. Being gluten free I thought that I'd miss out on the chapati's but no, myself and Jenny got GF versions which were lovely. The pumpkin curry made specially for our gang celebrating Thanksgiving was so yummy. I did order too much food - the chilli fries were lovely, as were Jenny's casava chips. Lovely, freshly cooked onion bhajis and poppadoms - I was stuffed afterwards and felt guilty about leaving such yummy food.  The attention to detail in the spice and combination of flavours was immense and blew me away - I am hoping to go back soon. I was in work the following day and recommended it to a friend (vegetarian) who went that night, loved it and is already planning a return trip this week.

Drinks reasonable - the sauvignon blanc was great value at 10 per bottle and went lovely with the food I'd ordered and a bottle at 10 is very good value as glasses are 4. I tried some of Cressi's passionfruit juice which was gorgeous too so if you are avoiding booze then try this. Great little place, amazing food and service and such great value. Being GF, don't let the menu fool you as some of it looks quite wheat based as it is based on street food - many dishes can be adapted to suit such is Bindi's knowledge of dietary requirements :-)
This new Indian restaurant has brought someone, once again, new to the Edinburgh Indian dining scene: vegetarian Indian street food, at very affordable prices. Not to mention the lovely, relaxed restaurant itself, and the very lovely staff (with the beautiful saris and bindis!)

I came here with a larger group of Yelpers for a delightful, delicious meal. First off, their chai mulled wine is delicous! 1.50 for a glass, it comes in a small glass, so it means if you order three it's totally just the same as one big glass, and the same price too. 

The menu is quite like a tapas offering. Lots of small dishes that can be ordered as starters, or a few together as a main. I took the special mango starter, and some chips; and the thali for main. 5 for the thali? At dinner time (not a lunchtime special)? Yes indeed!

It is all vegetarian, but I do think that Indian food is the best cuisine for vegetarian food, and you wouldn't notice that there is no meat.

All of it was delicious. Beautifully spiced, each dish tasting distinctly different. Handmade with love. This tastes like good, home-made Indian food like your mum would make, certainly not en masse bland creamy, red, 'standard spice' Indians that used to define a British Indian carry out. The lentil dish on the Thali had a lovely texture, and the nuttiness of the lentils wasn't drowned out by spice. 

They even did gluten free bread to go with the Thali for Claire and myself. That was a really nice, thoughtful touch!

I will certainly be coming back here. You can get a delicious, large feed at a very affordable price; possibly one of the best deals in the Old Town, and one of the most delicious!
We ate here for our first Thanksgiving in Edinburgh, and what a memorable meal it was. I've never come across a restaurant quite like Bindi before. The emphasis on vegetarian street food means the menu is quite different from most Indian restaurants in the UK. We started with the Bombay Chowpatty Taster, which was full of interesting things. The chaat was especially delicious. This was followed by a thali, which at 5 was probably the best quality-for-price main dish I've had in this city. The wine by the bottle was also delightfully well-priced and drinkable. Service was friendly, welcoming, and accommodating. 

If I have one little complaint, it is that my hair and clothes reeked of incense when I got home (and the next day). The smell of incense didn't bother me in the restaurant, but I prefer not to come home with lingering odors. But incense or not, I will very much look forward to my next meal at Bindi.
Out and about on a Friday night and looking for some where new to try and the missus remembered about Bindi. Taking over from Anna Purna's the owners have done a great job in giving the place a much needed face lift. On entering the restaurant we were greated by the very friendly Patricia who showed us to our table.  The restaurant has a comfortable feeling about it with a cobination of clean modern decor and traditional Indian in places. We both fancied a pint so we opted for the Cobra which is the only draught available.

There is quite a range of food options available here that neither of us had sampled before, also worth noting this is a vegetarian restauarnt. We opted for the Nashto Sampler to give us a good cross over of dishes. To accompany this we also opted for Chilli cheese toast (A Bombay version of cheese on toast ) and Vadhu Pau (Bombay's version of the 'Chip Butty' ). Who could resist descriptions like that.

First up was the popadoms which were home made, as were each of the 3 dips. The corriander and what appear to be methi was a favourite. The main dishes were great with the chip buttie and the cheese on toast being my main favourites. The cheese on toast has a a bit of a punch and reminded me of bruschetta with chilli and veg. We had a chat with one of the owners and she said that the menu was based around food her and her sister like to eat but cannot find in Edinburgh.

I really enjoyed my experience here the food, service and setting were excellent.
We had an amazing time at Bindi on Friday night, and it was easily the best vegetarian Indian food I've had in a long while. Their selection of dishes is truly unique and the restaurant is a very welcome addition to Edinburgh's already colourful Indian scene. I'm already planning my next visit :D
This is probably going to read funny as i'm doing it chronologically rather than in any sensible order.

So we're the first people to arrive at bindi on a friday night, no one hears us entering so we stand around chatting loudly for a few minutes before going looking for someone. It didn't take long and an incredibly friendly and apologetic woman sat us down.

The menu isn't standard indian fare and neither of us had a clue what to order so we asked for advice. There are a pair of tastery things, an exotic one and a down to earth one. Naturally we opted for the exotic one.

Believe me I was unprepared for what game next. 

The eldest of the ladies serving arrived with a selection of tasty looking things, one of which required a demo. This lady pour some liquid into a little deep fried bowl thing and said 'QUICK QUICK!" and popped the wee thing stright into my gub! Quite unexpectedly materal I tell you. amused my friend no end.

the starter platter thing consister of 4 things, which i'll fail miserably to describe (see above deep fried bowl thingy.) So there was a crispy bowl with raw red onion and other things into which was pour a vinegar type liquid, Some bahjii esque things, something that was a cross between cous cous and bombay mix with pomegranate in it, and little lumps of sautd african root vegetable. 

They were all delicious, although the last one was a bit chewy like it wasn't fresh. Everything else though was wonderfully light and zingy and i'd have happily eaten another round of them straight away.

For our mains we both had thali which i felt for a little small for a main on its own. It's daft cheap though so i clearly didn't order enough food.

I had a desert of a sweetened yoghurt, some thing that was like a rice pudding but made with vermicelli (according to the lovely lady who runs the place) and a semolina thing. Incredibly delicately spiced. I had an almond milk shake with it too which was mmmmmmmmmm devine.

Overall wonderful free delicate tasty spicy food, very reasonable but small portions. 

I do have a pair of grievances however. firstly i ordered a diet coke and got a tiny glass for 1.50. It was clearly poured from a 2l bottle so I am rather irked by the stingyness of it. Secondly our water jug had a big chip in it, a concern at a lack of attention to detail.

That said they're just starting up so i'm sure there's some teething to be done, and i'll definitely go back because plain and simple the food is good!
I came here a couple of weeks ago for the first time, and treated my dad to an inexpensive lunch. Everything on the menu is 4.95 euros, which really isn't bad for most items on the menu. The cafe is close to the University of Edinburgh, making it a great spot for a quick student lunch.

The interior is clean and spacious, there are plenty of places to sit, though it seems to be gaining popularity these days so booking is recommended. I opted for the thali, whilst my dad took the veggie burger. The thali was very spicy and tasty, though the portions were quite small. There were two small fried chapatas, two curry dishes (one was very interesting and memorable, fried chickpeas balls in a spicy gravy), a small portion of saffron rice. My dad's burger patty was also apparently very good and came with a selection of interesting spicy dips. The only thing that let it down was the quality of the bread, he said it felt like it had been defrosted and would have preferred a fresher tasting roll.

Bindi herself was very friendly, and gave me a free shrikhand for pudding, a strained yogurt pudding spiced with cardamom and saffron. It was delicious. The table water came served with mint and cucumber inside, which was a nice touch.

Overall, nice food but small portions, and the bread could be better. Will be back though!
The restaurant is clean and bright.  The service was great and the concept is really interesting - Bombay-East African fusion street food.  We had fried classics like onion bhaji and batata vada as well as mogo (cassava) fries and turmeric-hued fried rice.  The mango lassi was not overly sweet.  While the food was good and fresh (if mostly fried), I am only giving Bindi 3 stars because one of the dishes we ordered (chili paneer) that was labelled "gluten free" was not really gluten free.  It had soy sauce in it, which does contain wheat.  For celiacs, this is a problem and you should check with the waitstaff before ordering. The owner apologized for not knowing that soy sauce contained wheat.  She was really lovely, but celiacs do double check on the ingredients in the food you are ordering!