Good bagels a little expensive for a toasted bagel and cream cheese. We also ordered the turkey sandwiches for lunch later on and they were decent but not worth $7 a piece.
There are several locations and there can be a huge differnce in product quality and service from one to the next. The 16th Street & Camleback location makes the absolute best chipotle turkey wrap (and I've tried it at four different locations). They layer the turkey, cheese and lettuce so that you don't bite into big chunks of any one but get all the flavors in each bite. For $7 you definitely get a lot of good, fresh food.
This should be a four- or five-star place. But the service brings it down. The bagels are excellent, and there's nothing wrong with the food. But the staff leaves the coffee too long - it always tastes burnt / bitter / terrible (just go next door and get a Starbucks). They also take no interest in the cleanliness of the place - I have never seen someone come out and wipe down tables or sweep up debris. Staff turnover is high and competence is low; they tend to have an attitude.
I have to say, I try to go to indie-restaurants as much as possible, but I love Einstein's six-cheese bagels and the dutch apple bagels.  So, stopping there to fill my craving I had a most pleasant experience. This was a Friday morning, busy but not like the usual weekend insanity.  The staff was so friendly, clearly remembering some regulars.  The manager was hustling around, checking on customers, taking orders to tables and bringing out fresh coffee.  The service was so quick and friendly!  Good job guys!
All I can say is yuck. I expect a lot from chain/franchises. Maybe the food won't be the highest quality, but the service and cleanliness should be right on. And it should be fast.
I went here a couple of times and was dissapointed every single time. The last time I went, I got a bagel with cream cheese for take out. I got home and started eating it and, would you believe it, it tasted like cigarettes!! Clearly, whoever made it had just been smoking, came back inside, and made my food without washing their hands!!!! Respulsive, I didn't even bother to go back to complain.
I will never give Einsteins my business again.
Looking through Yelp, I see a ton of bad reviews about all of the Einsteins. You would think corporate would take these reviews from the general population into some serious consideration. We may not be official food critics, but we do know what is going on.
In the mornings, I like to stop off and get myself some coffee and a treat of some sort before I roll into work.  I stop here because its close to work.

I can't say that I'm really a fan of Einstein's...they lack in so many areas, but I continue to go because I guess their just there, and its easy to stop in.

I'm not all impressed with this location.  The service is slow, their coffee bar area is slow to be restocked and half the time I have to ask for refills on coffee creamer, and other times its just long lines at like 7 am due to the slow service.  Plus, their bagels are not all that great to begin with.  I usually stick with the muffins myself, since they are usually pretty good, and the prices are A-okay.

Overall, its not that bad of a place, but Einstein's has become rather bland and boring over the years, leaving me desperate for better service, better bagels and a mostly generic feel.  blah.  I will say, at least this location has a decent amount of seating!
Okay Einstein's store on Camelback and 16th Street, I have to ding you for this. DON'T sweeten the ice tea. Your brewed Spontineatea (or however you spell it) is great WITHOUT the simple syrup. Let customers choose to sweeten their drink if they want. 

I spent $1.99 on a large tea that I couldn't drink without it triggering my gag reflex. Poured most of it down the drain instead. Nasty stuff.

Until you offer plain old unsweetened ice tea I'm not giving you your star back.
Einstein's is one of my all time favorite places.  I adore bagels, and there is nothing better in the world than a BLT on an everything bagel.  And they can do it right.  I'm sure there are quainter, less corporate mom and pop bagel places out there, but for my money, I like knowing what I'm getting, and knowing that it's gonna be good every time  I go in.
Honey Whole Wheat, double toasted, with butter and peanut butter... 

Don't go "ewww that's gross!!"  try it. . it's delicious.

So that's my order every time I go to Einsteins and guess what? These guys are the one location that can make it just perfect.  I live right next to one and I had to ask them to triple toast it one time because their toaster was set to "warm blown air"  .. well not really, but it seemed like it.  Then the girl putting on the peanut butter, might as well have been using a tea spoon for the tiny amount she gave me.

So not to bash that location.. but yes, this place just rocked.  they are super fast and if you get there at the right time, there is no wait.
This is a nice treat I allow myself once in a while. I love the garlic bagel. (Truth...I wish Einstein's did not put sesame seeds on their garlic bagel but they added that years ago and I don't think they will ever switch back.)

The service here has always been quick and they almost always give just the right amout of cream cheese.
Sometimes the line can get long so be prepared. Always good service and great food/well stocked.
Super busy on Saturday morning, but worth the wait...the bagels were fresh and delicious!  Sit on the patio at Camelback instead of at the main entrance on the back side...more space to spread out!  Very friendly staff too!
Like most Einstein locations, I'm unimpressed with the way the business is run.  The bagels aren't  bad, but they're not worth the aggravation it takes to obtain one.  The line was crazy long on a Wednesday morning at 8:30am, there already was a severe shortage in options because several bagels and pastries were already sold out, and after ordering you continue to wait in line just to pay.

There are some pluses.  This location has plenty of seating (however, most of it is outside on a shared patio with Starbucks and a sandwich shop).  It's a short walk from the Camelback automile, which makes it one of the best places to grab something to eat if you're getting your car serviced around breakfast or lunchtime.  It's also open until 5pm which is actually pretty late for an Einstein.

Judging by the fact that I've reviewed three Einstein locations, and given all of them just two stars, I'm guess that most of the problems come down from the corporate level.  However, each location seems to always have a steady flow of customers, so why should they work to improve the massive flaws?
Great service love their yogurt parfait with fresh fruit
Love Einstein's! Great selection of bagels and also a great selection of cream cheese shmears. You can come in and experiment with all the combinations; different bagels, cream cheeses, get it toasted, not toasted, plain or all spiced up. Folks behind the counter are friendly. Get my order right ..yep.. every. single. time. Want to save money on your coffee while enjoying yummy bagel? Just bring your travel mug for discount price. Not an Einstein's mug? No problem! Heck, you could even bring in your Starbucks mug (from nextdoor) and refill it here for cheap. Deal! Great sitting area outside. Want to walk, jog, or bring the dog here on Saturday? Perfect spot for it. Sitting inside and forgot your newspaper? Everyone shares the 'community' paper around here. I have to give it 5 stars :-) Yup..Every time I venture to a new bagel spot I always come back to Einstein's.
Jenny loves smiles!  And it shows!  First of all, the coffee was hot, and I mean hot!  But, let's be honest, it is supposed to be!  The bagel was very good, perfectly toasted, and when I asked if I could order an extra side of veggie schmear, she said "absolutely"! (free of charge!)
The customer service was excellent, the restaurant was clean, and Jenny-you are very good at your job,  it shows through all of your employees.  Keep up the great work!
For long story short, skip to the bottom- 
I love Einstein's. The variety of bagels and shmear are great. The customer service is always fast and they have you moving along. At this location, all the employees are friendly and are prompt to get things done for you except when you ask for coffee to be brewed.. 

I ordered a bagel and coffee to go around 8:05 am and got through the line and checked out at 8:08 am. Fast, right? There was no autumn brewed coffee out so I asked when it would be ready and they said shortly. So I decide to eat my bagel there and check back in around 8:20 and ask of they're even going to make any and he said he would go in the back and check. He didn't give me an update so... I wait.  I finished the other half of my bagel  and check back in around 8:30 and they said in a couple minutes. I know I shouldn't have wasted my time, but I was curious to if they actually meant a few minutes so, I waited. I did not see anything out by 8:40 so I said "fuck it", sucked it up and got Vanilla Hazelnut coffee and walked out..

Long story short, their Autumn brewed coffee is my favorite (you have no idea) and after asking 3 times for it and waiting 40 minutes and it still was not ready, it would be faster for you to buy the damn coffee grounds and brew it yourself at home or at the office. I know, it's just coffee, but lets be real.. It's disappointing to specifically go in for your favorite coffee and not even get it.
Einstein's is an okay chain.  It's not my favorite but in a pinch, it can hit the spot.  This location, however, leaves a lot to be desired.  I've stopped in multiple times due to the convenient location but I always leave disappointed.  

The food here is the standard Einstein's fare.  I'm not a real bagel fan but I have sampled a few of the breakfast sandwiches.  They were okay, nothing memorable.  I usually stop in for a coffee or a latte.

This last visit really made me mad.  I ordered a hot chai latte and ended up leaving with something else (never figured out what the drink was).  Unfortunately, I was a good ways down the road before the drink had cooled enough for me to take a sip.  Aaargh!

What really annoys me about this location is the lack of customer service.  I've found that the folks working behind the counter are rather gruff and unfriendly. On this last visit, the young lady didn't greet me and refused to look me in the eye.  It's been a similar story with my previous visits.  The store seems to stay fairly busy in the morning hours.  I don't know if this contributes to the service problem or not.  Either way, I've made my final visit.  I can get a hot drink elsewhere.
Service has been only okay all three times we came here. Order was wrong 3/3 times. General manager gave me a free drink, but with a poor attitude; that doesn't make up for $20 of mistakes. We will no longer come here. Also, $9 for egg, cheese and a bagel? Too much.
I don't have bagels very often but decided to meet my brother today for coffee and a nosh.

We arrived at 11:30, both of us were starved.  He ordered a toasted plain with a schmear. (He's a food purist!) I grabbed a lox on pumpernickel with capers and an onion schmear, along with their house coffee.

Our meal was delicious.  Einstein's is good for a quickly prepared snack.  It's not fancy but is well located and there are lots of great selections.  I like their coffee a lot more than many other retailers as well, so try to have some whenever I go.  I just wish they carried more sugar-free syrups.

I have had their bagel dogs in the past and enjoyed them.  And, of course, the fall season brings pumpkin bagels and the transcendental pumpkin cream cheese.  I try to have at least one or two of those during that time!

I recommend Einstein's for it's service and variety!
When I was still a 'burbs baby working at the neighborhood mall - I thought Einstein's was the bomb.  I thought they had the best bagels in the world.  I thought it was sooo cool that I could get a salad and a coffee drink at the same time.  The one that was between my house and my mall had this awesome big solid wood table that could sit 6 easily and it was my favorite thing in the world to hang out at that table w/ my bagel, random coffee drink and the newspaper spread all over the place.  

Here's the thing.  I didn't know any better.  I wasn't wrong to like what I liked - but I was wrong to think they were quite as great as they were.  What did I know about independent coffee shops?  I should have realized that the black and white photos all over the place were just as corporate as the faux-antique newspaper crap all over the inside of the neighborhood Subway.  But they were in frames and somehow that made them different.  

As I've gone new places and tried new things, I've still occasionally eaten at an Einsteins.  Folks bring bagels into the office.  I'm looking for a better than drive through salad in a hurry and it's nearby.  And it's never been "bad".  Problem is, it hadn't been really great either.  It's fine.  It totally gives you what you order.  But nothing more.  

I went to one recently and found that it's menu had again almost completely changed since I'd been in last.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and an iced tea.  I chose a Caesar salad as my side.  Salad = 1/1/2 stars.   Not good. Sandwich was 3 stars.  Totally just ok and nothing more.  Interesting flavor - but quickly forgettable.  I do like their green tea.  But for almost $9 for a sandwich and an iced tea I found myself thinking about how much better I could have done.  

Bagels for the office - fine.  Go for it.  They'll even pre-cut them which I think is a great option.  And they almost always have my fav (pumpernickel) available which gives them bonus points.  But for lunch?  Unless you're really having a very specific craving that, for some bizarre reason, only they can fill - keep driving.
Thank God for Einstein's. The weekend morning blues are quickly abated by their creamy cheesy goodness. Bagels are often warm and fresh, especially on those weekend mornings when traffic at the store is heavy and turnover is high. 

Compared with the real deal in NYC or even some of its independent counterparts around Phoenix, it can't keep up. But, purely for reasons of convenience and accessibility, these pretty good bagels and sandwiches are fantastic.
I like their coffee.  I believe it is some of the best for a corporate joint, but...

The quality of workers has declined since school started back up.  I hate to say it, but the black guy and the creepy-looking old guy just don't cut it, especially when there is no one there at 2 in the afternoon and they can't get my order of a single bagel with schmear right.  I'll wait until they get more help or school gets out again.

Edit: They have cleaned up service a bit.  Haven't had a single problem in several months.
Hooray for this place finally getting it's S*** together!

My husband and I have come here for some two years. We always stop buy before we hike the nearby Camelback Mountain. And each time, they screw something up. Usually, there's a huge line and, even though we ask for our bagels DOUBLE toasted, they fail to toast them AT ALL. Seriously. Every. Freaking.Time.

Last weekend, we can here. There was no line. And, lo and behold, they toasted our bagels perfectly. They put the right cream cheese on. And the bathrooms didn't smell. Awesome.
Keep it up, Einstein's.
Get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese!!!!!!!!!
Agree with @Joel L. and everything he said...
This goes for all the EBs I've been to! 
There is nothing fantastic about EB. Decent? yes! Fantastic? Not so much. Overpriced? Absolutely!
I do have to say though that I really like the whipped cream cheese.
I'd probably give more stars if EVERYTHING was a bit cheaper....
Had a coupon for a free bagel and shmear from facebook so went in for my usual sun dried tomato bagel toasted with plain cream cheese.  I swallowed it down with a lemonade.  The bagels here are always pretty good and the breakfast sandwiches are good too.
Love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed.  Ran in and ran out and back to the office to feed the team!
This place has the worst coffee ever, and their mass produced and over priced bagels aren't much better. I spent $6 on a bagel, cream cheese, and a coffee. Nope, not worth it. Not at all. Especially since their coffee tastes like watered down crap.
Went in today for a bagel an cream cheese. I used to always get a sun dried tomato bagel and today I found out it's discontinued. :( I will not be coming back anymore.
I generally enjoy eating at Einstein's. It's a good tasting, quick, and fairly priced meal. The shmears are good, the bagels are fresh, and the sandwiches are filling. So, I must let you know this review applies only to this Einstein's.

I've come here quite a few times, but finally decided to write a review because I'm sick of the mistakes - it needs to be said. At any fast(ish) food restaurant, there is always an expectation of some mistakes being made on your food. But when those mistakes are continually made and cost you extra money...you start getting fed up.

I've had certain staff members screw up my order every time they make it. This is very frustrating, especially when you order cream-cheese (at something like $1.50 extra..which is kinda ridiculous in the first place) and you don't get it with your food, it's infuriating. When you often get your food to go, you don't realize until you reach your destination and it is too late by then. You always have to check your order after leaving Taco Bell, but I thought Einsteins was a little higher than that - apparently not this one.

However, there is one shining star - Cathrin. If everybody made your order as quickly or perfectly as her, this place would be getting a much higher rating from me.

So, if you are going to this location, I warn you. Some of the employees don't pay attention.
Einsteins in general has mediocre bagels at best, and their "schmears" appear to be highly processed.  I've generally given up on Einsteins all together because because their food has really taken a nose dive, as has the service.  I stopped by this location recently because I was driving by and in a hurry, and wanted a bagel (they're supposed be a bagel store after all!).  First, no salt bagels.  Aren't salt bagels one of the standards?  Second, I ordered my bagel with cream cheese (cream cheese being a $1.50 option) to go and that was my real mistake.  Whoever made the bagel didn't even manage to slice all the way through the bagel and put an amount of cream cheese approximately equivalent to a pat of butter on one-half of the bagel.  The other half was basically dry.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say, I was pretty annoyed when I got to work and opened up my bagel.  Stick to any of the local bagel joints like Chompies or Kashmans - they have much better bagels, and they will dump a brick of cream cheese on them for you.
I'm a big fan of Einstein Bros Bagels, and I'd probably visit every morning if one was a bit closer to my house. But when did it become so pricey? Einstein was an old college hangout, and I had very little money back then. So why is it that, now, when I'm a filthy rich public school teacher, breakfast here is emptying my wallet?
Looks like they have a new menu. The line is long at times. Service is fast once I was able to order.
Overall very average. The service was slow. We asked about our order and they had skipped right over it. The half and half is always empty and we typically need to ask for it to be filled. There seem to be a lot of people on staff but still very very slow.   Their prices seem high for the product that you receive.
Again, out of creamer for the coffee.
I am new to the area. And Einstein Bros is not in Cincinnati as far as I know. Before this I have only had it once in DC and liked it. But they have pretzel bagels. And pretzel bagels are my favorite kind. It takes the best of both worlds, the pretzel world and the bagel one. And I love their cream cheese. It is light and fluffy. Plus it actually fills me up. As far as service and other conditions of the place. Eh I never been too bothered to notice. The guy who takes my orders now remembers my name, which is a nice touch.
I just came in for an OJ and one of their fruit cups, I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better.
Great service staff, delicious bagels, and saliva inducing coffee aroma.  Easy to eat healthy here with the bagel thins and tons of veggies.
Easy parking, served immediately, enjoyed my bagel and tasty coffee, plenty of seating, and clean tables. No complaints.
Einstein is a great establishment and the bagels are great
My last visit was a nice one as I stopped in for a light lunch
The cashier was very friendly and helpful as I had a hard time making up my mind
I ended up choosing the deli sandwich on a wheat bagel and I also got a fruit cup and some tea...
My bagel sanny turned out to be very yummy and got a ton of likes on instagram
:)
It was very clean and just calm inside of Einstein on this lovely Sunday morning
My son likes to go there for poppers on the weekend.  His second choice is the chocolate chip coffee cake.  This is the second weekend in a row that they have been out of both.   The first time, I thought it was a fluke.  Two weekends in a row is a trend.  If you run out of something daily, make more of it.  Obviously, there's now more of a demand for both of these.  You can make more of them to meet the demand or don't and demand will go down from people like me not coming back to your store.  Dunkin Doughnuts, here we come again!
Ordered their new Turkey Cranberry panini without bacon, and I got one spinach leaf, a dab of cranberry sauce and a mediocre turkey lunch meat slice for $8... Not worth it. Very disappointed. Good orange juice though.
I LOVE Einstein bagels. A LOT. Bet bagels I have had. We live right by this location and go there often but today was my last time I will go to this specific one. It is so dirty. I will give them a break that yes it was Presidents' Day so they were probably busy ... But there was trash on every table, all over the floor, the coffee bar area was disgusting, and the last straw was the gross bathroom. You can tell it had not been cleaned in months. There was so much grime on the sink and the paper towel dispenser I was majorly grossed out. It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was. My order was wrong which Happens no big deal... On top of that I have never had good customer service there- next time I will drive the extra 10 minutes out of my way to the location on Tatum and shea's- they're always friendly and it's very clean there.
Very nice store!! This is the largest Einstein's I've been too and I really like it! There is plenty of room to wait for your food and also to dine in. Food was amazing as always. The staff were very nice and friendly and the store itself was very clean. This is the closest Einstein's to me and I will absolutely visit again!
This store is in a great location.  They do a good job moving the customers through the line.

Each time I have ordered the food has been great. Very good quick and affordable breakfast place.
This Einsteins is always kicking. They do a good job of getting through the lines that happen prior to 10. The manager is very present and interacts with the customers frequently. They offer free wifi and don't mind if you hang out for awhile. The only opportunity would be cleaning. It is not always kept up after the morning rush.
Girl at front counter was in a very bad mood didn't even say hi....  dirty and rude.. last time I'm coming here
My daughter and I had a yummy breakfast. Fast service. Coffee is delicious. Bagel skinny sandwiches were good.
I went there last week for breakfast. I left with a burnt bagels and a watered down latte. The employees don't take any pride in their product. I sent my comments into corporate and they didn't reply. Overall no body cares. They've lost a customer. I would recommend either Starbucks which is across the street or Wildflower Bakery. I always get great service and good food at both locations.
I waited 20 minutes for my asiago bagel and I was the only one in the dining area  but they forgot about it and burned my bagel. Service is terrible.
.
all i can say is they cut g's bagel. i was explicitly clear in my order: one plain bagel as it is. no cutting, no toasting, just a normal bagel please, with plain cream cheese on the side. 

they cut g's bagel anyway. and just because saturday was my lucky day, the plain bagel they cut and smothered with an excessive amount of cream cheese was the last one.

my bagel was ordered toasted, but received un-toasted. i can't say i really cared. but when i order the bagel in its natural state, i really want to receive it that way. please. and seriously,  who runs out of plain bagels at 9 am on saturday?!
Frequent visitor of this location. Usually a little bit of a line but manageable. They have a pretty good selection, not that I stray that much. 

Their coffee is pretty good, I like that I can refill it at my leisure. Like all Einsteins they put A LOT of cream cheese on the bagels, but its easy to spread off to your liking.
New Sourdough bagel is a good idea, and fairly tasty.  Service was fast, efficient, polite, and food was fine.  Decent parking.  Easy to find location.  Prices reasonable.
I love Einstein.  Fresh bagels are the bomb!  This Einstein is consistent with the others.  I think the layout is odd the way you have to enter and cross the store to start your order.  It's also a little cramped.  Most Einsteins are layed out better than this one.  Great location facing Papa John's across the street.
The new leaner breakfast sandwiches are good (they basically take the bottom and top of the bagel and you are left with smaller ends of your sandwich). An easy way to cut calories without losing the taste.
Staff was quick and efficient. Food was delicious.
Very friendly and helpful service in comparison to other locations i've been to.

I have always loved their bagels. :-)
Normaly I would give this a better review, not this time though. Ok, rant time! Jalepeno shmear, put some on the damn bagel... oh and when I see you dont, I decided to order an extra side and considering it is very freaking small you charge $1.64. Pfffffft! NY Bagels on Deer Valley WAY BETTER!
Consistently comes to my rescue when I need a place to chill. I wish they were open for dinner. Today is what made me write the review. Went to one place, line was out the door. Went to another- same deal. Went to Einsteins and they were busy but not crazy busy. More like steady. Next time I'll go there first. Love the cranberry tasty turkey on a cranberry bagel. Love their seasonal food too!
I found this location on Yelp when looking for breakfast around 8am. The employees were prompt and very polite. I ordered the turkey sausage, egg and cheese on an everything bagel. It was easily one of the best I've had at an Einstein's!

The coffee was also great, though I poured the last cup of their neighborhood blend. I let them know and by the time I was walking out, they had refilled all of coffee options. Glad to see attentive service like that.
Love Einstein bagels.  This is local to our house and I frequent 3-4 timers per month.  Place is always clean and service is usually fast.
I ordered a 100% whole wheat bagel with honey, plain cream cheese and a large order juice. It is a good place to grab some earlly grub but kind of expensive. This isn't a place for anyone on a budget.
About what one would expect from a conglomerate fast food chain as far as the food quality goes, but what was especially remarkable today was the very poor customer service. I sat outside, and when the employee brought my lunch out and did not bring a fork, she acted almost joyous that she got to tell me that I have to go inside to get my own fork. She will have no future in customer service I'm sure of that.

This was at 2:30 on 11/2/13.
Short Version: Always loved their bagels and their egg sandwiches. Always hated the long wait.

Long Version: I usually weight my ratings more heavily on food, but in this case, the wait and whole inefficient process of ordering just makes this such a terrible experience. What is the purpose of one person taking orders but not taking payment? How about just taking orders and payment and using the extra person to prepare the food so that we can get through the line faster?

As for the bagels, the Everything Bagel is my favorite with salmon schmear on one side and light plain schmear on the other side. My office order Einstein bagels for us every Friday so I usually need to get to the kitchen early otherwise the Everything Bagel has been claimed.

On the weekends, when the line is even worse, I like to order an Egg, Turkey and Cheddar sandwich on an Everything Bagel, but instead of the Turkey Sausage that is on the menu, I ask for Breakfast Turkey, which is just regular Turkey Lunchmeat. However, if you ask for Turkey Lunchmeat, they charge you an extra $1.50, but if you ask for Breakfast Turkey, it's free of charge. It must be a difference in portions. I also add plain schmear to one side, which is important because if it's added to both sides, your fillings will just slide out and your sandwich gets messy as funk.

Anyways, I was there this weekend and it took me, no exaggeration, 40 minutes from the time I ordered to when my name was called. Booooo!

Let's channel Einstein a bit more and get smarter with the ordering and preparing of food process!
Love the bagels.  But . . . Need to have the boxes ready for grab and go. Never seem to have them ready when I get here, thus waiting in line contrary to the program. Bummer.
i really hate to do this, but i have to. service was slower than slow. my bagel + cream cheese was super skimpy on the cream cheese. turkey chili was lukewarm and not as good as it should have been. the staff seemed gloomy and sad. it just wasn't a good experience. it really is too bad, i haven't had lunch at a einstein's in forever and i was hoping it would be as good as i remember it.
This place is so close to home and I love Einstein Bros Bagels, just not this one.  The place feels cramped and dirty.  Too bad because I would go here more often if those two things weren't an issue, I guess I could eat outside but I want the choice.  When we ate here the server got our order wrong twice once on the the receipt then when it was made; how does that happen? Oh well, maybe I will visit here again just to see if it improves or maybe I will just have to drive a little further.
Okay, not sure where these other reviewers eat bagels, but Einsteins at 40th and Thunderbird MUST not be it.  I eat here every single week, and the place is clean and always packed.  The bagels and coffee are fresh, and the staff is very friendly.  I have never had a bad experience at this Einsteins.  BTW - Einsteins has the best bagels on the planet (and yes, I have eaten at Chompies.)
Five stars for the friendly morning staff woman who makes the best mocha in town. Seriously. 

One star for the other employees who seem to hate their job and serve your bagel with a side of resentment. I asked for a schmear, not a sneer, people.
Stopped in for a  Bagel-Dog. They had only one on the shelf. Looked as if it had been pre-cooked once or twice. After asking if there were any others, I was told, "Nope. That's it."
So I left it and walked out. So much for my Bagel-Dog.
It will be a long time before I go into that place again.
Einsteins has these GREAT Lo-Cal thin bagel breakfast  under 300 cal.  The one I tried had mushrooms asparagas with swiss cheese and egg white and a yummy sauce. Large  Iced non fat sugar free latte perfect way to start my day after a work out!! Very friendly employees!!  Very FAST service!! They also handed me a bunch of coupons to come back.  VERY Impressed. Total bill a little over $9.00 but now I have some 2 for 1 coupons!!
get the spinach florentine bagel with jalopeno cream cheese! very yummy!
This is a great neighborhood place where I like to pop in a grab a quick meal on the weekends.  I love that they send out coupons too ; )  I get a bagel and lox every time!
The workers were extremely friendly and the bagels were amazing. All you can drink coffee?YES! I wish we had one of these in California and next time I go to Arizona I will make it a top priority to come back.
If you think these are good bagels, you've never had a good bagel.  I wouldn't even call what they serve bagels.  Unfortunately, where I work they bring these in for various occasions so I'm guessing they're cheap.

If you're from NY/NJ area don't waste your time or money - you'll be chucking this in the trash after one bite.

Disgusting.
I usually go to this location and the one at Tatum and Shea. This one is much better. They get the order correct mroe than the other store. Food is good. Enough variety to please everyone. They change up the menu seasonally and I like that.
Overall a fine Einstein's.
Updating my review.  This has become my go to Einstein's since it is walking distance from my home.  The staff is friendly and orders are good.  At times seems a little understaffed.
Taste like nasty rye bread bagels. Have had way better, but then again I'm from the East Coast. Go to Dunkin Donuts they're better for a chain that makes bagels.
This place is very close to my Apt and I love Einstein Bros Bagels but this one leaves something to be desired. Don't get me wrong the staff really tries....and they are for the most part friendly....but they are unorganized....slow....and seem to be NEVER prepared for huge crowds. Most Einstein Bros Bagel shops I have been to are always busy especially during the morning hours....so there is no excuse for the workers at this locale to expect anything different. The place is also very cramped and that's too bad because the location is not the best to sit outside due to the lack of seating out there as well. Now in a pinch I will come to this location but I usually go to the one on Shea Blvd because it is much better. I really wanted to give this locale 2 stars...but again since the staff does really try and they at least show some effort....I decided to go with 3 stars. I highly recommend they hire more staff or at least get some more efficient people to work there. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
I love einsteins bagels.  Great prices!
This is the second morning I have come to this particular location.  I have now been late to work for the past 2 days.  It was not due to the store being busy, it was a complete lack of organization and employees did not move w a purpose.  On both occasions, the cashier was wondering aimlessly while 5+ customers waited in line. The frustration and lack of service that the other patrons and I felt, could have been avoided if the employees had been focused.  I will sadly not return to this location, even though it is on the way to my office.
Bagels are good. Waited about 5 minutes before they started my cappuccino. 10 minutes after that when it was still an empty cup I told them nevermind and left. This location seems to do an ok job with 3 or fewer people in line. The one at Desert Ridge does better with rushes .
Usually out of bagels by 10:30. Went up the street to Tatum and Shea and even though it was packed they had every flavor bagel. Won't be coming to this one anymore.
This is consistently the most unorganized Einsteins we go to. We try to avoid this location but when we find ourselves here our hopes are that they've improved. Year after year we've found they they stay consistent: unorganized and confused.
This is the worst customer service I have ever had to deal with. The staff has zero communication therefor multiple orders were wrong, and took over 20 minutes to get out. I personally witnessed employees despite wearing gloves touching their hair, and dropped milk caps on the floor and continued to put it on the milk jug. If I was a health inspector they definitely would not have passed. It just seems to have gotten sloppy and disappointing.

Not to mention I've been sitting typing this review, I open my bagel and the cream cheese and butter I paid for aren't on here.... Who eats bagels just toasted?
Staff (besides assistant manager) is completely incompetent. The last few times I've been there, I have waited an absurd amount of time either to pay for my food, or receive my food. Not because there was a long line, just because the person who was supposed to do it was distracted doing something else. One time the cashier took a 5 min long phone order instead of helping me (which would've taken 30 seconds), dropped the phone, then started doing drink orders! Never even came back to the register or apologized for the wait. I could've ran out with my bagel without paying!  There are some serious communication issues at that store, and the staff needs some serious re-training. Plus it's safe to say I'm never coming back here again. Which is a shame, because it is so much closer to my house, and I love their bagels. Get it together!
Bagels:  always stick with the pumpernickel and everything bagels. Their lite cream cheese is very good. 
The service person at the register is a CONSTANT bottleneck. I completely agree with the other reviewers who leveled similar complaints. The woman treats the cash register as if she is performing DNA analysis.
I never ask these folks for any bagel preparation whatsoever. I simply buy a half dozen or dozen box, and then wait for the checkout blunder of the day. Today, she gave my bag of bagels to another customer and again could not properly manage checkout for either customer. 
If you do want better service, go to the einsteins on 64th street and greenway.
The bagels are good. The sandwiches leave something to be desired in the taste department and the coffee is over roasted. Everything is a bit over-priced for what you get. I have never had a problem with the customer service.
I get the same exact sandwich every time, but about half of the time they get my order wrong!!!  It's annoying...they either give me the wrong bagel or don't give me double egg white (which they charge me for) or put cheese when I ask for no cheese....it's not rocket science people!  lol  So I stopped going here even though it's the closest to me
The best bagels in the valley all start here.  And who doesn't love a bagel?  But this Chompie's isn't just about the bagels.  This is one of the best places for breakfast in the valley. Corned beef hash, potato pancakes, chicken fried steak, and of course eggs served either traditionally w/ bacon to done w/ lox and onions served w/ a bagel.  I was surprised how good their pancakes were, but I realized I shouldn't be since they are a bakery and all.  Silly rabbit.  

Hmmmm... strange concept.. Jewish deli for lunch..?  Rocks.  Super duper rocks.  Their reuben has been good to me.  And their patty melt is so freaking good.  Messy to the point you need extra napkins and maybe a spare shirt, but super good.  

They also have an amazing selection of other desserts and baked goods.  I've never been disappointed.  And for you East coast transplants, you can also pick up some of your old East coast yummies here - say a bag of Wise potato chips? Certainly made some of my peeps happy.  

A great spot for a surprisingly good meal, or just a dozen bagels for the office.
HELLO CARB LOADERS!

This is your place to eat all the bagels you want.  What a yum-tastic bagel they serve.  I grew up on Chompie's bagels (this explains a lot).
There is something about the chewy moistness of the inside and the outside that feels and tastes toasted even though it's not. 

Grocery stories sell them now but they really are not nearly as good as the FRESH ones in the actual Chompie's establishment.
i'm starving, so i'm going to write a review for the place i'd like to go to lunch to today.

they have the most delicious bagel sandwiches anywhere! i think it has something to do with my new obsession with mustard - here you have three choices, which they apply liberally .

There never seems to be anyone in line (except in the morning hours) so i can order and sit down or be back at the office in no time. they have booths, tables and outside patio tables.

 $7 for sandwich, chips and a drink, and it kicks subway or sub factory's ass. 

damn i'm hungry.
Probably one of the better bagel shops in town.  Its located inside of a shopping plaza, and easy to find as its right next to a Bashas.

I believe they make thier bagels on site.  Fresh, fresh fresh!  I like that.  They also have a great variety of cream cheeses and bagel flavors to choose from on their menu.  

They also have a variety of bagel sandwiches to choose from.  Roast beef, tuna, even LOX!  YUMMY.  They also coffee, and some juices and pop as well.  Yippie!

What else I like about this place, is that its just not bagels.  They also have a variety of pastries to choose from, like muffins, and other stuff too.

What else I like about this place is that there is plenty of outdoor seating.  Thats a bonus! Prices are fair and reasonable, and service was fine.  Worth a try if your in the area.
delicious bagels and cream cheese. this place always hits the spot. it does get crowded during certain hours, mostly on weekends. They have the best bagles and cream cheese. Around Halloween/Thanksgiving they have pumpkin bagels and pumpkin cream cheese and they are yummy!
I also enjoy their veggie sandwich and roast beef sandwich.
I've never been a huge fan of bagel sandwiches. I've always preferred just getting a toasted bagel and cream cheese when I frequent a bagel shop. However, the Nosh Bagelry not only has really, really good bagels and cream cheese (with lots of flavors to choose from for both), they also have affordably-priced and delicious bagel sandwiches. My husband and I tried the Nosh Veggie sandwich and the Nosh French Dip. The Veggie was standard but delicious, with veggie cream cheese and a bagel of my choice (I chose onion, naturally), and for only $4.99, I also got potato salad and a pickle. I know the French Dip ($5.99) sounds strange on a bagel, but it was surprisingly really good. The roast beef was decent, and the garlic bagel he chose added a little something special. One delicious touch was that the bagel was buttered; this, along with the au jus, made it rich and flavorful. I will definitely return here for either breakfast or lunch if I'm in the area.
Just a quick review.

I've been there countless times.  On my way out to go for a bike ride.  On my way home from a bike ride.  Or in the middle of a ride for a quick respite.  Its always a tasty treat and relaxing experience worth looking forward to.

And no matter when I go, I can always count on great bagels, delicious cream cheeses and great service.  I don't think I've ever had negative experience; this is partially due to the owners, Rob and Darcy (sp?), that seem to really try to make the place as friendly and good as they can make it.

One hint about it, try their new Nosh Bars.  They are a little piece of delectable heaven.
this is a great family-run bagel shop. They remember your name after only a few times in and the bagels are always fresh. good coffee and the lox is good. I have nothing but good things to say here.
I've heard way good stuff about this place for a while and finally had the pleasure of sitting down and having some lunch there.

Thoughts: Staff was friendly and quick, nice place, very clean and some hi-tops and lots of tables and outdoor seating as well.

Chicken salad bagel sandwich wasn't too bad at all, except for the nuts in it - I'd probably eat it again however.  Had a tomato basil bagel toasted with it... yum!  I'm wanting to go back to try different menu items now :)
I'm a regular at Bagel Nosh. They learned my name right away and miss me when I don't come in for awhile. They even know what and how I like my bagel! They have the yummiest Mocha Glacier- i'm totally addicted! It's not bitter at all - it's sweet and a lot better than Sbx! They are always busy in the mornings but they keep the line moving - so it's never a problem. You know if cops eat there...it's good and they are there EVERY morning!! The girls are so nice... Now I'm craving a bagel and Mocha Glacier - thanks! 
Elaine
My standards are pretty low while extremely hung over wearing the same clothes I participated in crazy drunken debauchery the night before. But I still left Bagel Nosh feeling like I wished I had gone to IHOP next door.

I ordered the $7 Arizona Classic: an egg sandwich with bacon and cheese on the bagel of my choice. The quality was pretty much on par with a McBagel McSandwich but was twice the price. The bacon was more like bacon bits and the egg was thin and tasteless. There was nothing wrong with the service, but the prices were way too high for what I was eating.

My friends had ordered a bagel with spread that looked better. So I guess the rule of thumb here would be to order a bagel only. I would definitely leave other breakfast food concoctions to another restaurant.
I love The Nosh!  Has been a staple here in Ahwatukee for a while now.  I believe it has changed owners a few times since it first opened, but the current owners are doing a great job!  Very friendly, welcoming staff.  I went there today, just after the morning rush and they seemed very genuine in saying hello and wishing me a great day.

I love the coffee and I love that coffee at these family owned places is usually better than the chain places and also less expensive.  Score!  They have a great selection of bagels and cream cheese, breakfast and lunch sandwiches.

My favorite sandwich is the Nosh Veggie!  Stacked with fresh veggies that really make the bagel sandwich quite refreshing.  Depending on my mood I may get it on a Jalapeno Cheese bagel, or Wheat, or Sesame, or, well, you get the point.  The best part is getting the Garlic Feta Dill cream cheese with all those veggies!  My mouth is watering right now!!

Tons of bicycle folks hanging out on a Saturday morning and a common place for police officers on the weekdays.  Great little spot in the tuke for a casual, quick breakfast or lunch.
Fresh Bagel sandwiches are the best! Coda B was obviously still under the influence when he wrote his review because there is no " $7 Arizona Classic" here. All breakfast sandwiches are less than $5 and come with heaping portions of eggs and meat/cheese of your choice. Lunch is also served anytime with mounds of turkey, ham, bacon, or my favorite the "Nosh French Dip" roast beef. Fresh brewed tea is fantastic. You are always greeted with a smile. You are treated like family when you walk in. Thanks for all the great bagels!!
I am surprised by the good reviews.  I went as a last minute lunch and got a veggie bagel sandwich with fruit and a pickle spear.  It was about $5.50 with tax and I left still hungry.  The bagel was just okay.  The fruit was very fresh and that was a plus.

I have had much better bagel sandwiches.  I miss Brueggers in Chandler.
Love Bagel Nosh! The staff is so friendly and of course the food is delicious! I have to admit that the pumpkin latte was no Starbucks pumpkin latte, but the pumpkin cream cheese was amazing! ( I do realize it's no longer pumpkin season, I was just wishing I had some anyway) It can get busy on the weekend mornings, esp since the bike shop opened up next door, but I find it well worth the wait! (Oh, and fyi it closes at 2:30 - so get your coffee early!)
Came in Sunday am and this place was hopping.  They seem to have a lot of regulars.  The hubby and I both had bagel sandwhiches and they were very tasty.  Much better than those at Einstein's... I am pretty sure that place uses powdered eggs.  However, I think I do like the bagels better at Einstein's and they have more flavored cream cheese.  I will probably come to Bagel Nosh again b/c I prefer to support the locally owned businesses over chains but I am not really sure if this place deserves the 4 1/2 stars it currently has.

Maybe part of that is due to my bad experience there.  I ordered a latte with my bagel sandwhich and it took a long time to come out, even after the food.  Then when I finally got it instead of coffee they had given me hot chocolate.  A simple mistake but it can be really jarring when your mouth is expecting one thing and you get another.  Plus I really don't like sugar in the morning and this was extremely sugary sweet.  They did replace it with the latte I ordered but it made me a little grumpy to have to wait so long for my coffee on a Sunday morning so it kind of ruined my day.

I will definitely give them another try and may raise the stars higher in the future.  But I think there are better bagel places in the area.  I LOVE Back East Bagels on Southern and I deeply miss Bruegger's that used to be on Rural and Chandler Blvd - they were the best!
there is one problem with bagel nosh: it's not close enough to tempe! went there on a sunday a little before closing-the bagel selection was sparse but they offered to get us any kind of bagel we wanted. the garlic,feta, and dill cream cheese was amazing and the breakfast sandwich looked hella yummy! went to get a refill on our way out and the owner offered a free large glass of iced tea since they were about to close. the service was great andi might have to make the trip out there very soon!
Some days on the way to work I will make a stop here... I order the same thing The Southwestern bagel sandwich it's always really good I would say split it with someone it's really a lot of food plus it comes with a cup of fresh fruit... It's a good start to a day I would say.
For a bagel shop in the desert, it doesn't get much better.  Great selection of fresh bagels (I love the Salt w/ lox).  

The service is quick and friendly, and the decor has local flavor you wont find at any big chain.  The owners really turned this place around about 4 years ago.  Now it is a thriving local hangout for the active adult in Ahwatukee.  In fact, they attract so many road bikers, a bike shop opened next door last year.
There are not many places in the Valley you can find a salt bagel and they have awesome salt bagels, just don't get there too late you won't get one.  The staff is always friendly and when my friends and I come back from our bike rides they always get our food to us quickly.
BEST PANCAKES!!! We want the recipe. They're newly remodeled and better than ever. Always great bagels but now they have added more menu items, more choices. Great food, great people!
Have dropped by here on the way to work a couple of times now.  Staff is super friendly and quick.  Bagels are soft and chewy. I am a super fan of the Nosh Veggie on sesame.  Hoping to have the time to get to sit and have breakfast their soon and try some of the yummy food I have seen.
I had never been here before the remodel so I'm not sure how much has changed, but I really dig the place currently.  It has a very nice contemporary feel and a very complete breakfast menu for being such a small place.  The few times I have been here they have been pretty packed and it can get a bit iffy as you wait for your to go order.  You seem to be in the way no matter where you go.  Aside from that the bagels are delicious, the breakfast burritos are really great and they have excellent OJ.  What more can you want from a breakfast place?  I tried the pancakes which were really good. As is normal for the area they are way bigger than any standard human needs.  They come in three, two, or one.  I went for two, next time it will just be a single.  If you decide to get the three stack bring some hungry friends.

Try:
- Pancakes
- Breakfast Burrito
- Bagels
Amazing bagels and a great staff. I always get the build your bagel sandwich it's heaven!
Rob & Darcy have done an amazing job on the remodel and transforming the cafe into more than just bagels and cream cheese. They have really good coffee as well! The staff, for the most part, is friendly and helpful. 

Free wi-fi is a plus! :)
This place is amazing.  The biscuits and gravey are my go to almost every time I walk in to that place.  Anybody who goes there needs to try this! 

The breakfast burrito is a close second.  Having these two items on the menu makes me think gaining weight and eating both may be worth it.  

The bagels are a great way to go as well.  They have very good cream cheese and the bages are always very fresh.
This is your go to breakfast/brunch in the Ahwatukee/Tempe area.  They make their own bagels, quite the selection and cheap!

This has got to be the best bang for your buck and good quality ingredients to match.

Everything is great here and wide selection of not only breakfast but lunch. 

If this is your first visit I would recommend the Apple Smoked Sausage Scramble (they WILL do egg whites on anything for you).  The Breakfast Burrito or for heartier meals... check out their pancakes and biscuits and gravy.

My favorite bagel:  Cinnamon  Sugar or the Raisin with a bunch of Peanut butter spread on top.

Enjoy!
Hello to all you foodies out there!

Been looking for a good Bagel place in the area, because as we all know, bagels are an essential part of life.

We know what the chain bagel places are all about....ok bagels and lousy cream cheese...so I am happy to say Bagel Nosh has some superior cream cheese.

Since this review is about finding a good bagel place, I guess we should start with the bagels.

There is a nice variety of bagels but alas....no egg bagel.  boooooooo

To me, the bagels are similar to the kind you buy in a grocery store bakery area...they are not dense(as I grew up with in Chicago or even New York) but almost fluffier, but they are still good.

So much for the bagels...let get to the cream cheese!  

The cream cheese is creamy and thick but not too thick and very flavorful.

When enjoying their bagel and cream cheese sandwich it is safe to say it is the cream cheese that you notice.

I will continue to search for the type bagel I enjoy and in the meantime I will continue to enjoy Bagel Nosh.

I would also like to mention the service is great and the employees are wonderful and very friendly and that alone will bring me back!

Keep up the good work.

I think you should check this place out and in the meantime....

Bon Appetite'
I love Bagel Nosh!  I go there for Breakfast and Lunch!  Fantastic Menu with lots of variety!  

I highly recommend the Dill Garlic Feta Cream Cheese!  It is wonderful and full of flavor.  You wont turn back!  I love this cream cheese on the whole wheat bagel and I also love it on the turkey bagel sandwich!
Great place for a simple bagel and cream cheese or yummy lunch sandwich! Great food!
I'm voting this little gem as the best breakfast & bagel shop in Ahwatukee!  The staff act like share holders and treat everyone like their thrilled to serve them.

The food is excellent and I love the newly redecorated space.

We enjoyed a Two x Four, and a Chorizo Burro and while the Chorizo could have had more heat to it, everything was perfectly prepared right down to the grilled tortilla on the burro.

Thanks Nosh for stepping up!
My family frequently visits this place for their jalapeno cheddar bagels and jalapeno cream cheese. The bagels are very tasty and the cream cheese is even tastier. The prices are very affordable and the service has always been exceptional. During my most recent visit, I had a single cheddar bagel with jalapeno spread and my fiance had the breakfast bagel. My only complaint about mine was that the bagel wasn't very toasted, but they were very generous with the spread. My fiance's bagel had a very thick layer of bacon on it (which he really liked), and his seemed like a very good deal considering all of the meat he was given! The glaciers and the chai lattes are reasonably priced in comparison to the high price these are at the more popular coffee chains. Overall, this is definitely a great stop to grab some breakfast or brunch in Ahwatukee.
Their bagels are great, but the place is packed on weekend mornings. Service is still quick even when it is busy though.
It's ok
Still in love with this place!  Their bagels are absolutely delicious and hot out of the oven most times I've been here.
I admit I ordered my exact same item but I did ask for a bagel instead of toast and was very happy with the substitute.  NOTE: Ask for your cream cheese on the side if you don't want a lot or plan on taking part of it home.

I tasted someones biscuit and gravy and it too was delicious.  Creamy with just the right amount of peppery sausage chunks.

Their Bagel Breakfast with ham, egg & cheese has a healthy helping of ham piled upon a fluffy bed of egg.  It's regular ham though, not canadian bacon. Very delicious!

ONLY CONCERN: Staff not as happy and friendly as before which does make a difference!  Ladies.....pay attention to serving your customers with a smile so we want to come back to this friendly neighborhood joint.
YUM.  I popped in here for a quick breakfast sandwich, and it was incredibly good & affordable.  Hoping to return to try some of the other food items, but that toasted cheese bagel with ham, cheese, and egg was delicious.
Great bagel place!!! The breakfast sandwiches are on point!! The staff is always friendly and efficient. Give it a try you won't be disappointed. It's the best bagel spot in the Tuke.
The Nosh is as good as it gets. Although it closes at 2pm daily and the bad customer service, the bagel sandwiches are extremely good! Nosh, is also one of the few joints that still carries spouts. Which i love!
This is a good breakfast place.  The bagels are good, the lox is tasty, and the sandwiches are plentiful.  Service is reasonably paced and there are tables both indoors and out to enjoy your meal.
Best bagel that I have had so far in Phoenix. I had a simple egg and cheese on An everything bagel and it met my expectations. I went on a Sunday morning and it was chaotic and narrow and hard to get around. That is my only criticism.
Love this place, something new and delicious every time we come. Today was the southwestern on tomato basil, mm-mm-mmmm.
Everything about this place is great. The coffee is spectacular. The food is healthy and fresh. Customer service is great. Friendly staff that will always go the extra mile to satisfy guests. (The place gets pretty busy, so don't go in expecting speedy service during breakfast/lunch rush).
This place is ok. I've only ever tried breakfast bagel sandwiches. The bagels are good. Eggs have no flavor, not even salt and pepper. Customer service could be way better. Outdoor seating is a bonus.
If you're looking for a great breakfast sandwich, this is the place to go to! My husband and I have have tried several ones and none have disappointed. Each bagel sandwich is about $7-$8 but they're a decent size.
Tasty place! Definitely the best bagel place around! I wish they would open a location near ray/101 because I have to drive 15min to this place - which is a lot for a bagel place in my opinion - but it's worth it! Their cream cheeses are really good! The only thing I wish they changed was I wish they cooked their eggs for a bagel sandwich on the griddle rather than the microwave. But the rest is good enough to overlook that fact.
I have been coming to [Bagel] Nosh since they first opened here over a decade ago. Came in for a late (11:30) breakfast the other day and the grill had just closed but they still made me the bacon and eggs I came in for. The eggs were cooked perfectly over medium, no runny whites. Love that they have supplemented their bagel business with legit breakfast foods. 

Good prices, good portions, good food. Can't really go wrong here and yes, the bagels are really good too. 4/5
Place is friendly, menu on wall a little hard to navigate through but nothing to worry about. Service is very fast and coffee tasty. Once I tried my food I was very pleased. I had the Apple smoked chicken sausage scramble and it was really good. One thing I'd like to point is the table, it was a bit dirty. But good over all. Will definitely return since we don't have places like this in Maricopa.
I really love this place. One of the places I miss most since moving to AZ is St. Louis bread co aka Panera. It has taken me years to find a place with great bagels, and the nosh is it. My personal favorite is the jalapeo cheddar bagel, and I also recommend washing it down with the glacier which is their blended frozen mocha. This makes my list of best local breakfast spots and it is probably the best priced of them all.
We just happened to be going to play golf at a nearby golf course. We were early and needed breakfast. What a lucky stop for us! The breakfast menu was pretty big. I had the apple chicken sausage scramble. It was delicious! My friend had a bagel breakfast sandwich. Also yummy. Delicious coffee. Friendly staff.  Good prices. It is a order at the counter and they bring your food to your table kind of place. There are several tables inside and a few outside. Their lunch menu looked good, but I can only rate breakfast. It is not too far off of I-10. I will go back the next time I am in town.
The breakfast burrito never disappoints and the kids love the pancakes. Nice selection of coffee and bagels keeps everyone in the family satisfied. A little pricey but the food quality is good. For Ahwatukee it's probably 5 stars but sine there are better places around Phoenix its a 4. They should expand into a bigger space as this places gets crowded in a hurry.
I can completely thank Yelp App for this great find, I was way too early to head into work and wanted some breakfast and not from a fast food chain, so I looked what was in the area and found the Nosh Cafe so off I went.

When I got there it had a little line, but don't worry, it moves sort of fast, while waiting in line I checked out the menu board and saw they had a lot going on, that I want to try it all, but I had to limit my choice to just one this time around.

Now they have breakfasts off the grill and breakfast sandwiches, so I knew the sandwiched sounded good, so I checked out the selection and went with the Ranchero on a jalapeno bagel and a large caramel latte. The Ranchero was egg, sausage, red onion & house made southwest cream cheese; it was a great breakfast bagel sandwich.

Happy to had found Nosh Cafe, and saw they do lunch and its less than 2 miles from my work, so I can pretty much say I will be back again soon.
I was in the mood for pancakes so I decided to stop in. This is a bagel shop but the great thing is you can get a full breakfast. 

I ordered the pancakes and potatoes (see pictures). The pancakes were really good. They taste like a higher quality McDonald's pancakes. The potatoes were fresh and hot and the did not skimp on the portions. 

You can purchase a single pancake if you'd like, so keep in mind they are huge. Make sure you ask for an extra syrup as well.

All and all this is a nice place for breakfast and I'll certainly go back.
First let me say that I am a bagel snob.  Being Jewish and having spent most of my life in NY NY, I literally grew up and lived on the Real Thing - bagels and authentic Jewish Deli food.  Given this life long exposure I feel I can confidently say there really is NOTHING special about this place.  Bagels yes.  Better than nothing YES!  Anything remotely close to what I know is possible... No!
I eat here all the time, some weeks every morning. The food and service is good, but the customers are horrible. This is a small place and it's one of those places where you have to fight for a table and people will walk in the door, grab a table as fast as they can, and then send someone up to make the order. They have no regard for folks who are literally standing there with food in their hands who've been waiting for a table for 10 plus minutes. This morning for example, there were four tables nabbed by rude customers that just walked in the door as I clearly stood there with my food. Three other tables had people camped out on them who had finished eating before I even walked in. I really don't get any of these people.
My first visit to Nosh was great! No waiting an hour for a table and the food was really good. A win-win on a Sunday morning. I ordered a bagel sandwich and a side of hashbrowns. The bagel was 1. Huge 2. Soft and chewy 3. Completely satisfying. The eggs were fluffy and the sausage was flavorful too making for an excellent bagel sandwich. The hashbrowns were also yummy. They were buttery without being greasy, salty and had just the right amount of crispiness. I tried a bite of my friend's pancake and that was good too - very fluffy.

The service was friendly and fast, too. The only downside was that it was a little loud inside. They did have a few tables outside but they were full. Next time if it's not too hot I would probably go outside for a little quiet. But either way, I'll be back!
Great bagels, friendly people, quick service, nice modern decor and spectacular drawing on the menu (in the wall).
They sweat the little details like the sauce and condiments section all nearly stacked.
The girls that work there are all young so they might not be the most refined taking the dishes and trays out of your way but they do smile all the time!
This is one of our go-to places for weekend breakfast. We always get the same thing even though the menu has changed a lot over the years. There are now a lot of options for hot breakfast but we come here for the delicious bagels. We always share a bagel breakfast sandwich and a banana nut bagel. The bagels are crunchy on the outside and chewy in the middle just the way I love them.
The long lines are completely worth it. My favorite place to go after an early morning weekend run. Or a later morning hangover. Or any morning at all really.
The food is usually very good with good prices. Normally I would give this place a 4 or 5 star review, but today the service and food were pretty bad. The food was overcooked to the point it was not edible and half of the staff was screwing around flirting with a guy they call marky mark. The owner if he was there would not have been happy. It's too bad that you can't leave your restaurant and know that the staff will take care of it. He needs cameras to watch the staff in his absence.
Went here for the first time and had breakfast. The hashbrowns and pancakes were awesome. Can't wait to go back for lunch sometime.
Delicious bagels, awesome staff, friendly owner. I loved the special cranberry/citrus cream cheese they had around the holidays last year, I hope it comes back around this year!
My favorite place in Ahwatukee! They have the best bagels and homemade cream cheese & freshly squeezed OJ to boot. The other breakfast items are all top notch as well. Friends always tell me the coffee is choice too! Lunch is good but the breakfast is where its at.
Einstein's is Noah's Bagels in SF

They're the same!
Who knew!?

Anyways,
I like the manager of this location.  He's always so friendly and seems genuinely happy to be there and talkin' with his customers.

I am obsessed with the jalapeno salsa cream cheese.  I literally buy 3 tubs of it everytime I go there.

My favorite items include
Santa Fe bagel sandwich (jalapeno salsa cream cheese, turkey sausage, eggs, pepperjack cheese and salsa! YUM)
Pepperoni pizza bagel

AND.  They have Mr Pibb on tap.  I love Mr. Pibb.  Don't know why, I just do.
I love this bagel shop. Aside from being insanely crowded on weekend mornings (but what bagel place isn't?), I have no complaints. Even though the line can lead right out the front door, but with the efficiency of the employees, it never takes more than 5-10 minutes to get to the front of the line, and then my food is ready before I even have my cup filled with fountain soda :)
Great bagel shop. Good variety of bagels and pastries, delicious iced tea and their vanilla hazelnut coffee is my favorite!

The employees do a great job of keeping the line moving and getting your food quickly. No matter how busy they are, I've never spend more than 5 minutes in line, ordering and waiting for food.

Check you mailers for coupons!
Always Great Bagels!  So many different flavors and smear combinations, you could literally eat bagels for months and not have the same bagel. And that's just the bagels, they have sandwiches and pastries too!

Try the salmon smear on the jalapeno bagel, it' wonderful!

Great coupons in the paper too!
Quick service, decent and predictable food. Coffee is only so-so for me - prefer Dunkin Donuts coffee! But Einstein's Santa Fe on a green chile bagel keeps me coming back!
Quick friendly service. Good breakfast sandwiches, and also lunch.
You can eat outside-but watch out for the birds-a girl left her wrapped sandwich on a table, and a lttle tweeter got right in the plastic basket and proceeded to help itself to breakfast!! Yes, we did let her know.
It's an Einstein's so i think you know what to expect.  For this location they make good coffee drinks, but they seem a little disorganized depending on who you get at the first cash register.
They treated me well the few times I have been here.  The speed of service has been good, even when busy.  Their bagels and schmeer have been consistently good.
Just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel!
Love the breakfast sandwiches, they are large, filling and delicious.  The chicken salad sandwich is also great and my dogs love the doggie bagel treats.

The staff is friendly and the new set up gets you in and out much more quickly.

The only reason that I can't give them that 5th star is that they took away the call ahead ordering which used to be my Sunday routine.  When you are in a hurry the ability to call ahead and run in and get your breakfast was a lifesaver! But since they won't take phone orders anymore I have found myself going to other places that will.
Best place for a bagel breakfast, and perfectly brewed coffee every time. I have been to several Einstein bagels in Az and Cali, and the Ahwatukee store is the best!
This had been my go to place for bagels for some time now. They have never disappointed me. The staff is always friendly and their coffee is really good too. My favorite is their vanilla hazelnut coffee. You won't be sorry!
great service.. the manager mike is nice and friendly ..staff is prompt... highly recommend
Dear Manager,

Yes, I was the person who came in with a coupon with no expiration date on it that said I could have a deli sandwich for $5.99.  You told me it was no longer valid.  I pointed out to you that you had a very large sign in your front window that said the same thing.  you doubted me, until you saw it.  Do you still doubt me, as you took it down, of course not.  I then asked again for the $5.99 special.  You refused.  Are you aware of what LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE that is?  Are you aware that by my pointing the sign out to you that I saved you from another customer doing the same thing?  Are you aware of false advertising?  Are you aware that you lost a customer instead of created a customer?  What do you suppose would happen if you comped me that sandwich and thanked me for pointing out the problem?  And exactly how much would that cost you?  Or even let me have the sandwich at $5.99 (ps. I went to Chick Filet instead)

Oh by the way, you are suppose to be the role model for your employees.  Well, you are.  They act as clueless as you.

I will be calling your corporate office.  Have a nice day and give a thought or two to what customer service means.
I have a love/hate relationship with this place. I love the green chile bagel with southwest cream cheese. So good! But, they are usually always out of those bagels. Sometimes I will get a wheat bagel with strawberry cream cheese but the it ALWAYS tastes like onions or something other than strawberry because they never wipe off the knives that the spread it on with. It always has a bad taste and they never put hardly any cream cheese on it to begin with. They are sooooo slow here. You always have to wait for your order. They employees are usually nice and that is never an issue. I love it because it is near where I live and they usually have coupons. The coffee is decent but not great.
Good bagel place that never disapoints.  However, if you are in the neighborhood, I would recommend Nosh on Warner and 48th over Einstein.
I would give this Einsteins location a "5" rating for the bagels alone but the service and cleanliness of the food preparation area leaves allot to be desired, therefore a "1" star.
The service is atrocious. For example, one day this week, Wednesday, I stopped in fro a coffee and bagel. There were 7 employees working, one taking orders, one cashing and the rest preparing orders. Five customers in line including myself and nine (9) customers waiting for their orders. All you heard was "sorry for the wait" and this was not prime morning get your coffee before going to work time. 
The food preparation area is filthy. If you look at the counters and floors there is always food scraps laying about. 
I used to frequent this location two to four times a week but since the change of managers a few months ago, the quality of service and cleanliness has been lost. 
As much as it pains me to say so, I will probably go to Starbucks for my morning cup.
I decided to write this really quickly while I was still full from the deliciousness that is the Tasty Turkey. 

My sis used to work for Bruegger's Bagels back in the day and brought me home millions of bagels... this is how my obsession began (thanks for that Christine - probably has lead to my wheat allergy...) 

Anyway, the sandwich is served on an Asiago cheese bagel, I prefer the garlic one... tastes better with the chive cream cheese. Add cucumber, tomato, sprouts and of course turkey and you have yourself one tasty sammie. 

I only give 4 stars, 5 if my pickle wasn't always so shriveled. Also, 5 if you weren't so darn expensive. And, 5 if you were open past 4pm, some of us want to eat you for dinner!
ugh, this place was a total cluster this morning. all i wanted was a bagel box so i could bring in breakfast for the team at work. every einstein i've ever been to has pre-made boxes with a baker's dozen all prepped - you pick 2 tubs of cream cheese, pay and go on your merry way. not this one. so i get in line and wait. apparently because i'm not a regular i can't order in the same line the regulars can order - i got redirected to a different line. when i got to the new line i waited patiently (again) for someone to pay attention to me -it took awhile, but finally i got some attention. mid order, as my bagel box was being filled, the employee got derailed by a customer angry that her order hadn't been remade yet . then everything came to a screeching halt in the order-taking/order-making area while no less than 5 employees tried to figure that scenario out. 

the baskets for every "normal" bagel - honey whole wheat, asiago, plain, etc. were empty. it was 7:45 am and the store seemed quite unprepared for friday traffic. there isn't adequate signage and the flow of the facility is just confusing - there's really no way to tell where to go to order vs. pay and there is no good "waiting" area for people to stand in while waiting for their food which creates a massive traffic jam. 

the bagels themselves were fine, as was the cream cheese. my iced latte tasted like coffee grounds. yuck! i wish i had spent $21 elsewhere.
I have to say I agree with the review of this Einstein's about the line problem, and also I agree that the signage is bad.

Lines are confusing, they do handle crowds fairly well but I've noticed that on weekend mornings can take a long time to get your food.  The coffee isn't great either (very weak).  I usually get my coffee somewhere before going here for the food.  I go here because it's convenient and it has a nice sunny patio with lots of tables and chairs.  The manager and employees seem nice.  The Lox and Cream Cheese bagel sandwich is to die for.  It took several visits before I was offered a customer card that would have given me a jump on discounts.  Apparently you're supposed to notice it among all the hubbub while ordering and paying for your food and trying not to hold up the line.  They should ask when ringing you up if you have a card.
I get the garlic bagel with onion/ chive spread.
It wasn't too long of a wait on a weekend brunch, and I got to sit outside and enjoy the weather.
Bit on the pricy side but I like their variety.
(strawberry spread + cinnamon sugar bagel)
They have good options here. 
There are plenty of healthy items on the menu and the coffee is bottomless (if you stay there). The turkey sausage sandwich is good and they have the thin bagels that I like. 
The lunch choices arn't to shabby either. I like the turkey sandwich with sprouts (don't remember the name). 
They normally have coupons in the paper or showing up in the mail, using them makes this place a very affordable choice when you are on the run. 
The service is slower than fast food, but the quality is better.
Don't know why I continue to go to Einstein. Must be because my kids like the potato bagels so much.   I will have to agree that they are pretty good - doughy and yummy toasted w/ cream cheese.  As for the other bagels, they don't compare to "real" NY bagels.  I keep searching for something healthy on the menu but cannot find it.  I ordered a turkey sandwich on a thin bagel.  It was alright, but the service at this Einstein was undesirable. It took the help 15 minutes to get out one toasted bagel and the turkey sandwich.  Not too many customers and 4 employees trying to assemble a sandwich. I wanted to jump behind that counter and show them how it's done!
Went on a Tuesday morning around 8:45 AM.
Experience was a lot different from the weekend mornings.
One person ahead of me.
Garlic bagel with Onion and Chive spread.
Maybe I was REALLY hungry but it was Delicious!
Try the strawberry spread on a plain bagel too, its so pink and tastes yummy too.
Tight parking here with the Albertsons traffic & carts.  Reasonable line wait times, though staff isn't fully trained with the slightest menu modifications.  If the menu says Egg & Cheese bagel sandwich, they shouldn't freak out if I want pepper jack instead of the American/Cheddar default.  Prices seem to be going higher at Einstein's in recent years and now it feels like a premium over fast food places, donuts, and almost a direct competitor to a sit down meal at IHOP or similar.
This has got to be the dirtiest place I've been. The staff is run horribly. The trash is over flowing behind the counter and the PM special for $5 is horrible. The staff was all wearing dirty shirts. My wife and I will not be coming back.
Horrible service. I went at 1pm, and they were out of many flavors of bagels and were not willing to make more. Of course, they had plenty of the "gourmet" flavors that cost almost twice as much. They had also clearly labeled their pastries, but unfortunately had done so with the wrong labels and prices and didn't seem to care that they weren't accurate. The staff was rude and couldn't have cared less about customer service.
there oj not fresh anymore that sucks!!!!!!!!!
The food is good, but the service isn't. Weekend mornings are a nightmare here, also they frequently run out of things.
This place is always busy and if you come to late in the day you may find that the bagel selection is... well, it might suck my after the lunch rush.  The food is good and the manager is friendly.... but I'm always a little disappointed in how often I see the employees talking among themselves instead of getting the orders out.  I also don't like to see how messy the floor is behind the counter- they could use some extra umph in the cleaning department to keep things looking sanitary.  The bagel crumbs and crumpled napkins that often litter the floor behind the counter is a definite turn off.
A long line at an Einstein is to be expected on a Saturday morning.  But a more than 15 wait for two toasted bagels with smear is not.  That, by the way, was after a five minute wait just to order and pay.  I know that the biggest part of this issue is that a chain like Einstein has set ways of doing things, but it would've been nice to see some of the workers have a little more urgency to get food out.  It was so backed up that there was barely a place to stand and wait at 8:00am.  I don't even want to know what it may have looked like at 9:00 or 10:00.
I love Einsteins.. but this location is a serious foul ball!  I agree with many of these comments.  Three is a really low rating for me.  The food is still pretty good, but they're skimpy with the shemere, VERY VERY slow.. and the older guy in charge.. not so much.  I've seen him be rude to staff and customers a few times.  I'm a big customer service person.  Treat people well.. and you'll do well!!!  My ONLY reason for continuing here.. is I live close enought to walk my dogs and son to hang out.. and the neighbors all hang to say hi.
Love this place!  It's definitely a regular on my list of eatery's.  Bagels are delish.  Things I eat here... bacon, egg and cheddar breakfast sandwich on sesame bagel, tasty turkey sandwich, and turkey melt... served open face with turkey, tomato and melted cheese... I usually sub out for swiss cheese.  Tasty tukey is one of my faves!  Turkey with sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, tomato and chive cream cheese spread - sandwiches come with potato chips or potato salad.  Pot salad is very good. All their locations usually have some outdoor seating too!
So I've been going to Einstein Bros bagels for YEARS and have generally had what I would call "4 star" experiences.  The restaurants are always clean, the service prompt and friendly and the bagels (I almost always get a tasty turkey on a toasted everything bagel).

Yesterday, I dropped into this location hungry & ready for my usual.  The restaurant was PACKED, no biggie, I've seen this before, these guys are bagel slingin pros and will make short work of this line....

So, I step up to the order counter, look into the case & notice they're running low on some varieties but have what I'm looking for.  I order and make my way to the register.  This is where I notice they're set up kinda backwards.  You enter the queue on the left of the store, order and move to the right to pay.  The cashier is next to the restroom and drink machines (a dead end) but then you have to go BACK int the queue where people are ordering to GET your food... Not an issue if the store isn't busy but when all tables are occupied and there's a line to the door, it's kind of a mess.

Every minute or so, an name is called and a bagel lover gets his/her breakfast, everything's in order then right, well.... About every second name called seemed to result in the patron approaching the counter to get his/her order only to be told they'd run out of their bagel choice and would have to choose another.  After 15 minutes waiting for MY name to be called, the moment came and I stepped up to the counter and was told they didn't have any everything bagels and I would have to choose something else.  My response, you had plenty when I ordered, the response "well, we're out now and people are waiting behind you so hurry up and pick something else."  This kinda pissed me off so I looked at the case and said I'll have a garlic bagel, "if you have any left when you make my sandwich." Yes, I was snarky but so was the bagel maker.  The blonde girl next to him seemed offended that I would have anything to say about the goings on and stopped making sandwiches to make sarcastic comments to the guy who was making my bagel.  

Anyway, 5min later I got my order and we headed home.  I opened my bag and inside was NOT a garlic bagel, it was NOT toasted but it WAS an okay onion bagel.  

Maybe I'm overreacting but I don't feel like making bagels is THAT difficult nor do I think it's too much to crank up bagel production when you're slammed on a Saturday (5-11-13) morning....
I come here all the time and always receive speedy, efficient service.  I usually opt for the bakers dozen bucket which comes with two tubs of cream cheese for $14.25. They have several different flavors  of cream cheese to choose from. (Onion/chive, garlic herb, garden veg, salmon, honeyn etc) as well as a plethora of bagel varieties to choose from. I always get some of their fresh squeezed oj as well.   If coffee is more your style they do a variety of specialty coffees (hot and cold) as well as a traditional serve yourself coffee station. They also have to-go coffee boxes (like a box of wine but coffee) which is prefect if your hosting a meeting or its your turn to bring breakfast to the office!

They also serve breakfast sandwiches as well as lunch items.
Very slow service and I don't know how they can run out of PLAIN bagels! Luckily, I like their food so I keep going back ....
+s
Love the bagels, coffee (bottomless and amazing) and sandwiches (whooaaa!!)
Great service, often bringing your food to your table...
Seasonal menu additions...
Ambiance is great with a nice open feeling inside and patio outside...

-s
Close early (not open in the evenings)
Not laptop friendly. Wifi is good most of the times, but no power outlets
A little bit pricey
This location can get crowded at certain times on the weekends (the staff still does an amazing job)
This is an update. Lately the wifi has been taken out of this place for the last couple of months. 
I guess they don't like the laptop wielding kind...
I love your open-faced Signature Turkey sandwich, Turkey Sausage & Cheddar Egg Sandwich, and Strawberries & Creme Smoothie, but why oh why are you sssooo expensive? You wonder why you rarely have people in here- it's because you charge $8 for a bagel sandwich with meat and some veggies inside. And you have Jack in the Box, KFC, Taco Bell and Starbucks all within the same shopping area as you for breakfast/lunch competition. 

Note: This place is identical to Noah's (a overpriced sandwich place) that is in California (where I'm from). You will see a lot of similar (if not the same things) at both places.
First reviewer was correct about the pricing. A little overpriced. But by far the best bagels I have ever had. The plain, honey wheat, onion, asiago, and potato bagels are awesome and I love the Onion and chive cream cheese. I have never had a bagel so soft anywhere else. Their tasty turkey sammich is good too along with their potato salad.
Totally agree with the other reviewers about Einstein's being overpriced. A small coffee alone costs $1.91 after tax and adding cream cheese to a bagel costs more than the bagel itself. Sure, the bagels are pretty good, but this is Mesa, not New York City.

My real beef with this place, though, is the customer service. Although there are always plenty of people behind the counter, I have waited numerous times in a line that reaches the door. On my visit this morning, I saw a customer walk in, see the line, and turn right back around. Also on my visit today, I tried using a coupon for a "free bagel thin with light shmear." The picture in-store advertised the bagel thin with pink cream cheese and my kids were excited to get their bagel with strawberry cream cheese (which is also listed as one of their reduced-fat options, which means "light," right?) When I ordered this, however, I was told that this was not possible because corporate is only allowing them to use ONE kind of light shmear for this promotion. Even the general manager refused to make a substitution, while watching my 3-year-old cry with disappointment (I know, it's a little thing, but come on, he's 3.) So congratulations, Einstein's at Gilbert & Baseline. You've just made a customer never want to return over your refusal to substitute 2 tablespoons of cream cheese. Do you think that's what corporate had in mind?
Tried the 6 cheese bagel. My gawd it was cheesy! Also tried the BLTA on bagel thin and it was pretty good. I love the sauce on it. What I really wanted to update everyone on is that they have a good deal on soup. You can get a cup of soup that is pretty large for 3.95 and it comes with a bagel of your choice. I think thats a pretty good deal. Soups vary day to day... The cheesy broccoli was what I tried and although I wasn't a big fan of it, its still a a great value if you can find a good soup.
I so want to like this place. It's in a perfect location, prices are reasonable, food quality is good; but the customer service is bad beyond belief. The people are friendly, but don't seem to understand that servicing the customer is job one. I've waited for 3 or 4 minutes at the counter waiting for someone to take my order. Likewise, I've waited the same time for someone to show up to take my money. Come on guys, it isn't that tough to cross train your employees and have them flex into work stations as people come and go.
This place disappoints.  One time I came in and they stuffed my bagel and lox with so many capers that it inedible, I had to flick them all off.  The last time I came in (and I do mean last) there were a group of teens working... well not actually working but standing around talking and playing tricks on each other.  When they finished making my bagel they just let it sit there and didn't bother calling my name.  I had to interrupt them and ask them if I could have my bagel.  It's disappointing because I use to come in this place often and the service was quick and friendly but they must be under new management now.
Nice neighborhood location with an adequate seating area. The menu is the standard Einstein menu however I had a Thintastic egg sandwich and it was prepared very well (looked like the picture on the menu board). Restaurant was clean but he men's room could have used a good scrubbing. Good coffee is an Einstein plus.
Thank God, it wasn't busy because the service was so slow.  Manager was not impressive, she ignored that I was standing in front of the register and helped the next person in line then when that customer insisted I go first she acted like it was such a big deal to delete part of the previous customers order.  She actually glared at me?!  

Bagels were stale and blah as usual.  I hate coming here and I only come here to satisfy my kids.  

This store also doesn't deliver the bagels to your table.  They acted like I was self entitled when I raised hand at my table after my name was called.  Another glare from the manager followed by a "there is no way in hell l'm delivering these to your table look".  

Awesome!
NO! Do you want a bagel? Do you really want one? Ok, since you insist, there is a trader joes, a fry's and a Walmart nearby.
Pick one of those places and buy yourself some bagels. 
Just don't come here, they don't deserve you.

The service will be horrible. They will take a long time to take your order, even longer to make your food, and you will stand there waiting for your food wondering how there can be 6 employees behind the line with no other orders ahead of you and it's been 15 minutes and you still have no food.

Once you finally receive your food, you will leave ASAP because you can't stand the incompetence and also you want to eat in a place that does not look like a high school cafeteria after a food fight.

When you get home, your order will be wrong. You have been warned.
Customer service is nonexistent here.  Employees are not friendly at all.  Bagels were good, but not worth the lack I found personality from the employees.  Second visit w/ my family of 4.  Not a difficult order and not a busy time.  Next time we'll drive further to go to Bagel Nosh, Brueggers, or another Einstein on Val Vista where hopefully the employees will be less robotic.
I don't really know why I have been to this place more than once. But because I have, I feel confident in my low score.

First of all, no matter when you come in - lunch hour or in the middle of the afternoon when there's no one in there at all - you have to wait forever!  How long does it seriously take to put cream cheese on a bagel?

Secondly, i don't love their food that takes 6 hours to make. The sandwhich combinations aren't the best. And their everything bagels have an overpowering rye taste --- this might be a preference issue. But alas. 

I am not going back. I mean it this time. For serious.
I agree with Dani. This Einsteins Bagels is slow! I went here this morning just to pick up a Hate to Wait Basket and I had to wait for the Hate to Wait Basket. First,  I had to wait in a long line until the Bagel Man decided to take the guy's order 3 people ahead of me. Before than he was dilly dallying around throwing bagels in the slicer. Second, it seemed that they were preparing a big order, because I had to wait again until the manager was free to pick the bagels to throw in the basket. Does it really take 3 people out of 5 to prepare one order. 

To top it off, the cashier was making small talk to the police officer in front of me. He was telling him his woes of ringing up the order and how sometimes how he needs to be creative in typing in the order. PLEASE, shut up and let the man pay for his grub!! Don't get me wrong. I like small talk, but not when folks are trying to get their day started.
This place has the worst customer service ever.  The employees would rather be doing anything, but helping customers.  They always have their back to the door and the counter, so they don't see when customers walk in, or when they are standing at the counter to order.
 I was there last week, and to walk into the restaurant, I had to walk by 2 employees taking their break outside of the store.  They were sitting at the tables (for customers) along with 4 other people, smoking  right next to the front door.  They were inches from the NO SMOKING sign issued to all chandler businesses, and were wearing their Einstein bagel uniforms.  This is so unprofessional.  
 You can definitely tell they do not enjoy their jobs.  The customer is not a priority to them, we as customers are more of a bother.
The food is fine - it's bagels for crying out loud! The problem here is two-fold: 1) the layout of the place is bad, causing you to queue in the dining area and then wait for your food while you're in the way of customers coming in, going out or getting beverages; 2) as others state - the service is horrible!

Convenient but poor service.
i come here almost every other morning to pick up a bite to eat before i head towards my long boring day at work. Since i have time on my hands i do not mind the slow service. yes this Einsteins bagels is a GREAT deal slower than the one off of mcClintock and Guadalupe and actually now that i think of it once they screwed up my order and didnt realize til i was 15 minutes down the street :|

majority of the time they are just average. if they screw up my order one more time though im sticking to the mcclintock and quadalupe location. Fast and Efficient. 

Like jennifer said though...its not severe enough to keep me from returning. i just want my bagel and honey butter for the day!
I come here every so often to pick up lunch. I always get the same thing everytime... Turkey Bagel Thin and a Large Iced Tea. I like the yummy spread they put in the sandwich and the fruity tea they have available at the beverage station. I haven't had a problem with service being slow; my sandwich is usually ready by the time I'm done filling up my tea. But then again, I always go in around 11am.
I don't understand the bad reviews for this place.. It was very clean the employees were very nice and the service was fast... I haven't been to an Einstein's in years I used to go with my gf every morning when I lived in Fort Lauderdale..  I had the Spinach Egg Bacon Panini it's the same thing I always get and it was just as good as ever...  I miss Einstein's....
I went in recently because there were 2 coupons for free coffee drinks in the ads that come in the mail on Wednesdays. Free - gratis - no purchase required, I noticed they had a complete remodel of the store which is now brighter and more colorful since last I was there 2 years ago. Then at the cashier I noticed a loyatty card that offers 2 more free coffees up front, then if you buy 3 coffees after that until Dec 2011 and get it punched you turn the whole card in for 1 more free coffee.
First they got my order wrong (#4 breakfast combo). It involved crediting my CC back, me signing something, then recharging my CC.  Which is fine. Then, they rushed out the breakfast sandwich to me, and I had to ask about my fruit cup and coffee which was included. They're coffee was weak sock water!  As soon as I saw it, I poured it out.  I drank they're "dark roast", because it looked semi decent.  Plus they serve egg sandwiches and there's no ketchup?!  The one at the Hyatt iss way better.  Overall an unpleasant experience.
Einsteins is super close to our home and we usually go here on Saturday or Sunday morning about 1x a week.  The staff has always been friendly and my wife and I can usually find a table on the weekends to sit down. I generally get the everything bagel with chive cream cheese with adding a tomato and cucumbers..p.s. You can add a couple of veggies at no cost on your bagel.

My wife generally gets the lox bagel..quite expensive for a piece of lox but it makes her happy!

Overall I do like the bagels here and have tried many bagel places throughout my years. Sometimes you will get alot of cream cheese on a bagel and others you will get a small taste..if I am paying a few bucks for a bagel/cream cheese I would like a lot on. Overall we like coming here on the weekends!
I love Einstein's and I like to stop in on occasion.  We visit this location off and on when we are headed to Chandler Fashion mall.  This place is always clean and the staff is very friendly.

The food I had today wasn't the greatest, but I was also expanding outside my usual.  They also messed up my order a little which was annoying but i was too tired to really care at the time.

Overall, definitely a great place to eat and one that i am sure we will be back to again.
This place is a disaster. Stopped for lunch right at noon. The entire staff was in the back while the line kept building. Five minutes before anyone came out. The food was mediocre and the staff was very disorganized. Appeared to me that some definite training is in order.
Super excellent bagel. Cinnamon sugar or pretzel YUM. Try the strawberry / banana smoothie! Run out early so get there early!
Fresh bagels and coffee in the morning
This is the first Einstein's I have been in that just has garlic on their garlic bagel! Love it!!! Every other Einstein's years back started putting sesame seeds on the garlic bagels. That was a frustrating change since I love garlic and strongly dislike sesame. But they are still good enough that I manage to overlook that. Imagine my delight today when I ordered a garlic bagel and it was just that, no sesame seeds. I hope they will all adopt this at all locations in the near future. It makes me a happy girl! =)
I stop in about three times a week to this location and I am always satisfied with the speed, price, cleanliness, and friendliness of the staff. I know with a certainty that I can get in and out with my order in under 5 minutes, which other restaurants do not share the consistency. 

I am mildly obsessed with the bagel sandwiches...(insert Homer Simpson thinking about donuts) I prefer the ham, egg, and sharp cheddar on a cheddar jalapeno bagel. I know, I know, I really need to stop being so health conscious. HA!
Love their sesame bagel
This location really gives bagel places a bad name. 


I don't know why I continue to keep trying and going back to this establishment. Probably because it is right across the street from work.

No matter what I order a bagel with cream cheese or a egg and cheese on a bagel it just takes forever.

This morning I literally walked out when I was online. They had about 6 people waiting to order for over 10 minutes!

Secondly, I don't love their food that takes 6 hours to make. that is being handled by ex cons working there and people who do not care about their 

I am not going back. I mean it this time. For real I will be going to chompies which is a mile away and get better, faster, and product.
The service at this location is unbeatable!
it's a bagel shop with bagels, some more bagels and then some more of them. Still need a review? :)
Attaching picture. Cut was not even and there is a black edge on the bagel. The amount of cream cheese is extremely tiny. Would it kill them to put more than a tiny thin layer of creamcheese on the bagel. And cut it down the center straight. What else does a bagel place really have to do
One word for this location - slow!  If it's a morning weekend rush, there needs to be a little urgency when you're making bagels.  If the line is 10+ people deep, let's get some of the additional help from the back.  It's a clean and big location, but the service is extremely slow.  You know what to expect from einsteins and the bagels are fresh as always.  Make sure you have a little more time when you stop here.
Well I read the reviews before going and decided, it's a bagel place, how can you mess that up? 
I was kinda wrong.
I ordered two bagels toasted with smear and two iced coffees.... The bagels came out and while the other cashier was making my drinks, he was intermittently taking other customers orders... So I got my bagels within 2 minutes and my drinks took about 8 minutes.... 
By the time I got to my bagel it was cold :(
Horrible customer service, horrible portions. 
So me and my fianc go to get 2 bagels with Lox toasted, we special order them (mine salmon only, hers no onions) not to hard, right? First order was wrong completely, and not toasted. When you told the girl making them she blew us off and did not listen to us about the order, and while she was remaking it was talking crap about us. Suffice to say the order was wrong again, so we had to wait another mine minutes while she made snide remarks about us. After the third order, it appeared to be correct and we just wanted to get out of there. Unfortunately when we got home the order was still wrong and not toasted. This is a bagel shop, not rocket science. The staff was rude, unapologetic and pretty much blamed us for our orders being wrong.

2nd, paying 15$ for 2 bagels you might expect decent portions, wrong. We got 2 tiny slivers of salmon on our bagels, I know salmon isn't cheap but this was rediculous. 

In fairness, when we called and talked with the manager she offered free bagels on a return visit, but I am not to keen to go back there free bagels or not. I live across the street but will be driving farther to go to different bagel shops from now on. In looking at the reviews on YELP, it looks like this Einstein's has a management problem because there customer service issues are a continued problem.
Wow ~ what a busy place, especially on a Sunday morning ~ yet even with the rush of people the staff stayed pretty friendly and the food came out quickly.  Einstein Bagels has really stepped up their game ~ they have coffee bar drinks that rivel Starbucks  . . . their latte may actually be better : )  PLUS you can refill your cup with their drip coffee that tasted fantastic.

They are now featuring new lite and healthy selections featuring bagels that on 1/2 the thickness to save on calories.  I tried their veggie with mushrooms and asparages.  It was terrific!

Competition is good sometimes ~ in this case having several other breakfast locations in the area has really invited Einsteins to step up and re-invent itself.  It's exciting to see their rebirth and growth.

Blessings : )KC
Einstein has the whole bagel thing down pat!  Crusty crust with a soft and chewy inside.  They toast so well and their varieties of Schmears are awesome!  I love having odd combos, like the Garlic bagel with Almond Honey Schmear.  

This location was clean and very busy on a Sunday morning.    The staff was very friendly and helpful.   Even though it was busy we were in and out with their "Hate to Wait" bucket.  13 bagels with 2 tubs of schmear for $15 --Not bad!
My friends and I came here for a late breakfast this morning and were set on having some quality bagels and drinks.  Once we arrived, we were shocked that the line to order was about 20 people deep.  This didn't deter us as it seemed like the employees were working quickly enough and orders came out pretty fast.  Surprisingly, the place was filled with high schoolers, even though it was 10 am on a Tuesday (?).  The line was quick, maybe about 10 minutes.  

I have never been to an Einsteins before and was unfamiliar with ordering, but apparently you put in an order first and then there is someone to pay about 10 feet away.  The girl that took my order was extremely rude to me about moving forward to pay and when I checked my order, which of course she had messed up.  I ordered a regular sized chai and she charged me for a medium (more money) and didn't give me the bagel special that came with the drink and thus I had to pay about 3.50 for a bagel and creme cheese, wow... $$.  She had rushed me through the line and her attitude was not the greatest, not okay.  

The man at the cashier made up for her rudeness and was so pleasant that I didn't complain or change my order.  My order was placed and came out directly after I paid and I had a pretzel bagel with reg creme cheese (yumm, tasted like a delicious pretzel!).  But the drink, and iced chai; OMG soo sugarrry I almost went into a diabetic coma after having two sips.  Ugh, I poured it out and got green tea instead which was pretty delicious, so I was good to go after that loll!

Overall, I like Einsteins; but not such a fan of this location now and I think you have to try it out a few times before you know what you like!


PS~  random story; there was a woman in front of me that stuck her HAND under the soda machine and got a HANDFUL of ice... Um, icky blech, not very sanitary...
Damn I love breakfast sandwiches and the new maple ham egg and cheese that I linked up with last time I went in there was fairly impressive. The house brand orange juice isn't fresh squeezed like it says on the cup. The cashier informed me. Tasty none the less.
OK, it's an Einstein's - enough said. Great coffee, good bagels, lousy service. You know the drill.
When it comes to bagels, the various types of cream cheese based spreads to put on them, and some good coffee to wash it all down with, it does not get much better than Einstein bagels.  This location gets pretty busy on weekend mornings, but weekdays are a breeze.  It is less than a mile from my house, so definitely one of my fave places to go for carbs.
This place is very small and gets crowded very quickly. It is a frustrating experience every time I go in there. People are standing around since there is little seating and the line goes right into the dining area. Too small! They are also pretty slow at getting the food out to the customers which is surprising since it's just a bagel shop. Their coffee is terrible, too.

The actual food is good. I get the Lox and haven't been disappointed, I just hate going in there to get it.
Rock hard Panini- nasty. They messed up or order a tad but the GM- Rich,was super friendly about it and took care of it. Regardless of who is at fault, being pleasant about it makes a huge difference between "never again" and "repeat business." But I won't go back
Bagels are fantastic!  Service varies, usually just okay.  Bathrooms are so bad they are creepy - just avoid even looking in there, it is like a horror flick.
Nice place to go on a Saturday if you don't mind a limited selection or an afternoon when there are less patrons.  Just leave before you have to "go".
If you are patient and don't mind waiting for the cashier to make the person in front of you a double macchiato or chai tea before they check you out than you will like Einsteins Bagels and  Coffee.  They have the best coffee and their bagels are pretty darn good as well.
After being dissapointed twice I have to sadly write this review. The winter blend coffe was watered down and lacked any flavor this past winter when I went it. It was previously my favorite all time coffee and I look forward to the day it comes out. This past weekend, the cinnamon sugar bagel was so dark it was nearly impossible to chew and had almost no cinnamon or sugar. The quality control just doesn't seem to be happening at this location.
This location is a joke.   10:30am on a Saturday and out of all decent savory bagels to make a sandwich, line nearly to the door and barely moving, fountain machine not working, and less than friendly service.   I will make sure to choose a different location next time!
I come here quite often to pick up bagels for weekend breakfast. The servers are often less than friendly but that's not my biggest complaint about this place. There has to be a way to change the layout so that you don't get bowled over by the stroller brigade while trying to get your coffee. The space next to the coffee machines is used as the main walkway and with tables pushed all the way to the back there is very little space next to the coffee dispensers. If the line gets backed up, between that and all the entitled mamas who think any space should accommodate their hulking strollers and baby carriers it's nearly impossible to fill your coffee without bumping into anyone.
The service is always pretty good sometimes they are a little slow that's why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 stars. Unfortunately that do sometimes run out of certain bagels by around 11am, but all in all it's not a bad location a little small and congested but nothing crazy
I like that I can get an iced coffee and get my own refills. I also really like the sun dried tomato schmear. Beyond that, I kind of hate this place. It's always small and crowded, often having to weave around people constantly to get my order, go to the table, wait in line to get creamer, etc. It's just annoying how crowded this place is. They also seem to not be capable of keeping some types of bagels in stock, even on busy weekends. Then, you have the poor attitude of the rude kids behind the counter. It's just frustrating coming here, so we avoid it and choose other less mainstream joints.
NOT happy....made a very simple order this morning- Everything Bagel Lightly toasted with extra cream cheese and a white chocolate mocha. What do I get? A burnt bagel with NO cream cheese and a disgusting iced mocha. Not at all what I ordered. Seems like they really did not care about what I actually wanted and ordered. Great way to spend $8 to treat myself (which I can never afford to do) Thanks for ruining my day...next time listen to your customer.
Really huge menu...  breakfast, lunch and more.  The bagels are pretty good.  Way better than anyplace else I have been in Phoenix.
Chompie's is alright as far as bagels go.  They are too doughy for my taste but they are certainly better than chain bagels.  It's a huge deli which is always a welcome sight.  I wasn't  terribly thrilled with the whole pour your own coffee thing but now I know for the future.  (I don't drink coffee, but my husband does....I hate being responsible for it if it sucks!)  I am an avid Snapple drinker and I was excited to find that they carry it, if only a very limited selection.  

I was very impressed with the large dessert selection that they have; including my favorite, tri color cookies.
If you are looking to go out for some bagels and breakfast Chompies is a much better option than chain bagel stores. As for lunch I haven't been very impressed with what they have. Sure they bring you out pickles and cucumbers which is awesome in my book, but most of the dishes are boring American choices or Jewish cuisine which I don't really crave. I do want to go back and check out the bakery though.  They had a huge selection of tasty treats in the window last time I was there with a mixture of everything you could want. 

One thing that stands out in my mind about Chompies though is how dark it is in there. It gives it a very odd feel, and when you step back outside you are blinded by the Arizona sunshine. Let the sunshine in!
Food? Awesome. Service? Sufficient. Layout? Not the best.

We stopped into Chompie's this past Friday morning on our way out of town for the long weekend. My husband and I have this obsession with breakfast bagels - in particular, breakfast bagels from one amazing joint that makes the absolute best breakfast bagel EVER in our college's hometown. We are always searching for a place as good as Bodo's...well, even 3/4 as good as Bodo's would do...and we never find it. Bodo's is about the most efficient bagel store on Earth (literally the line of 40-50 people is serviced in 10 minutes) and cheap, too!

So, we decided to give Chompie's a whirl. I don't love the location - like everything else in Arizona, it is tucked into a strip mall. However, there was enough parking and we found it just fine. When you walk in, you're a bit confused as to where to go. Then you realize if you want to eat a full service sit down meal, head to the left - we didn't want to do this, but the food that I was eyeing from afar looked good. To the right is their bakery, which has some pretty appetizing cakes, cookies and desserts. Then there is this counter where you deduce that you order "to go" meals. We were overwhelmed by the menu but managed to pull ourselves together in time to order. We both had that initial panic attack of "oh crap, I have never been here and the menu is longer than a 5 year old's Christmas list and I don't even know where to start because suddenly I feel like I can't even read English." Deep breath. It's not actually that overwhelming, just a tad unorganized. After ordering, we were instructed to walk all the way across the bakery to a random counter to pay. It was so random the way they had it set up, but we did as we were told and then we waited.

My husband's sandwich took a while to make....again, I don't know how Bodo's does it, but Chompie's is probably 4 times slower. Or is it more appropriate to say that Bodo's is 4 times as fast? Whatever. Either way, Bodo's has the breakfast bagel process down perfectly. Waiting was fine, though...we weren't in a rush. When my husband's warm sandwich was finally ready, we got our stuff and then headed outside (there is nowhere to eat inside if you don't want to have a full service meal, which is one complaint I would make about this place). Who wants to eat their bagel outside when it's pushing 110 degrees? Not me. Even if I am under a strip mall canopy that provides some shade.

Anyway, his sandwich was actually really tasty - warm and fresh and really yummy. My bagel was not toasted, which I had requested, which was slightly annoying. However, the bagel itself was very good. We will definitely be back for the food, and I totally recommend this place for grabbing some freshly baked bagels or desserts or whatever. They do have a deli counter as well (meats, cheese, etc). Our breakfast was less than $8 without drinks - fair enough.

I just wish that the layout were a little better and that it was more efficient. I also wish I could have eaten inside. Next time we will likely just do the full service thing.

In the end, it seems that nothing will ever compare to our beloved Bodo's in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Oy vay! If I had a Jewish grandmother this is what she would have said about me eating to much! My make believe grandmothers name is Chompie, short for Selchompma. 

I try to visit her as often as I can even when its been a few weeks she always welcomes me back, like a good grandmother does. She makes the chewy yummy bagels that a chubby guy like me cant resist.. her pirogies are so delicious that 8 of them aren't enough.. everything she has ever cooked me has always hit the spot.. oh Nana Chompie  knows that spot really well.. from the home made pickles she puts on the table to the deep fried goodness of the Monte Cristo sandwich.

I take solace knowing that she will always be there for me, even though she is just a wonderful deli.. I look forward to her warm embrace.
You wake up one morning and realize you have no breakfast food. In fact, you go look in your refrigerator and you realize all the cheese has become a science project and you have no cream for your coffee. Crap. You go sit down at the the table and ponder what your next step should be...do I go to the store and buy everything I need and try to assemble a half decent breakfast? By the time I get to the store, get back home, cook, eat, clean up, my morning is gone. That seems like too much effort on some days, doesn't it?

The answer?

Drive to Chompie's. 

*By the time you put your baseball hat one, brush your teeth, get dressed and open the garage door: 10:15 a.m.
*Go out to the driveway and pick up the weekend edition: 10:16 a.m.
*Have a conversation with your neighbor about the irritating HOA rules and regulations and all the neighbors that don't pay attention to the HOA: 10:24 a.m.
*Pull your car out of the garage and head to Chompies: 10:26 a.m.
*Drive to 92nd Street and Shea, park and enter the restaurant: 10:40 a.m.
*Wait for a table: 10:50
*Your order a beverage while you browse the menu: 10:55
*You realize its almost 11 a.m., which means that you can have breakfast or lunch and be within very good boundaries on either option. Should you have a 3" High Reuben Sandwich on an onion roll, or Bagel and Lox? French Toast? Eggs, Bacon? Pancakes? 

The possibilities are endless, the service is efficient and you didn't have to go to the grocery store.
Being the nice Jewish girl that I am, I love good Jewish food.  Finding this place was the closest thing I could get to good home cooked Jewish food.  Its not the greatest deli I have eaten at, BUT, I think its the most authentic deli that the valley has to offer! 

The portions are huge, wide selection of food, deserts and deli cases.  They also offer Holiday dinners for those of you who may be Jewish and not have family out here to celebrate those holidays with.  I reccomend it!

They are quite expensive tho!
Good place for bagels.   My personal fav is with everything.

The sandwiches are huge, I could only manage 1/2 and had to save the rest for later.   Not cheap, but you do get what you paid for.

While I haven't yet to find something totally amazing there, I love that they're not a chain.
Chompie's has far and away the best bagels in town. Not the cardboard-tasting, dry, processed junk you get at Einstein's. Chompie's actually taste like the good bagels you get in New York. Plus, they're still the only place in town that sells salt bagels and they're kosher. Unfortunately, it only gets 4 out of 5 stars because it's too pricey and the dining room is pretty boring.
This place is a belly buster...

Go hungry because the sandwiches are huge. I got the roast beef and it was fantastic, way better than that processed crap that you get at the grocery store, they roast it themselves. My friend got the pastrami and it looked awesome, I wanted to trade.  Also, the sweet potato frys are great, if you've never had them, give them  a try, you'll love them...
I flew into Scottsdale yesterday to spend the day with my aunt who turned 90.  Having a hankering for real deli, we chased on over to Chompies.

I had a half corned beef sandwich and matzo ball soup.  The tasty corned beef was lean and thinly sliced and piled high.  The rye bread was soggy on the bottom.  The lean corned beef is probably healthier than the marbled kind, but that is what you can get in LA and New York and it is sooo good.

The matzo ball soup had a few carrots and noodles, but the soup itself was nothing to write home to mom about.  The matzo ball was fluffy and comfortable.
Ahhhh Chompies. I have been to the Chompies around the valley for years now and all of them are fantastic. The place is ALWAYS busy and what it occasionally lacks in bright eyed, smiling servers, it totally makes up for in consistently GOOD FOOD! I love their bagels, their soups, the sandwiches are almost too much to eat at once, the salads are great and if you stop in for breakfast, the omelettes are... well let's say I have literally written home about them. Prices are more than fair for what you get and they are fast! 

This is one of those places that works for a casual client meeting spot, a meal with the family (it's actually loud enough that the wife and I don't have to panic when our 2 year old has a freak out) or a quick bite on your own. I don't know why, but this is one of those places where you see lots of people eating by themselves and it doesn't look sad. The take out counter is quick and I seriously can't say enough about how much I like the food.... seriously!
freaking huge portions. the sandwiches are super yummy. the french toast, covered in bananas, and that crumbly sugary delicouisness is to die for...and you might unless you jog 10 miles afterwards. but the real treat is the desert counter...oh my god, even to just look at it is an honor. good bang for the buck.
I used to be a regular here, but have stopped going because of the atrocious service I received on my last visit.  I will admit they do have some decent food and, depending on who you get as a server, the service can be decent too.  However, my last experience was just over the top.  My companion and I started off by ordering two coffees.  After waiting for about 15 minutes, the waiter finally came back with two cups of coffee, one of which was only half full.  We both stared with puzzlement at the coffee and when he came back a short while later, I pointed out the curiosity before us.  He looked down at the two cups, laughed, and then proceeded to pick up the full cup and pour part of its contents into the one that was only half full.  In the process, he spilled part of the coffee all over the table and then left us staring in bewilderment at the two, now semi full cups, and the puddle of coffee before us.  After another tedious waiting period, he finally came back for our order and when we pointed out the puddle of coffee on the table, he again snickered and sloppily sopped it up with a rag.  The remainder of the breakfast was similarly sloppy in service.
I have only been to Chompies once.  The waitress recommended sharing a corned (spelled right, I guess) beef sandwich which she said would be big enough for two.  She wasn't kidding.  What truly impressed me was the beef.  It was not to salty and no pieces that you had to hod your napkin up and spit out.  Those are the reasons I never have this kind of sandwich.  Just great beef with the right kind of condiments in my opinion.  When we got the bill I was holding my breath.  What would it cost when the beef was in my opinion excellent.  My surprise at how reasonable the cost was.  Now I have to make a point of getting back there.  I like good potato pancakes.  If they are as good as what I had today, I'll be one happy camper!
Nothing bad to say! However I am embarrassed to say that after living here for 11 years this is my first time going  here. I am going to frequent this place as I found out they have one close to my house (PV Mall)

Had the Pastrami sandwich with 1000 dressing and sauerkraut.  and the Matzo ball soup all I say is, Mmmm!!!! 

Can't wait to try breakfast... They even serve bloody marys and mimosas for those extra hungover weekend moments.
Ahhhh the place a Jew can go and get his food :-)  Being Jewish, sometimes I get the urge for Kreplach soup or chopped liver.  This place takes care of all my urges.  

From bagels and lox to corned beef, chopped liver and coleslaw sandwich.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  They would get another star out of me if they lowered their prices.  It drives me batty to see what they charge for their food.

If I were them, I would add another inch to the sandwich to make up for the price.  Defiantly check out this place if you want a mile high sandwich.  If you are from NYC here on vacation, avoid this place at all costs.
I'm not Jewish, by means and look. But I do have few friends who are.
I'm not an expert on kosher food either.. but my friends will tell you that I do love good food and have a great appetite.

I've heard my friends talk of this place many times.
and at last, I was able to join them one summer day.

my first impression was that the place was big and busy. good sign so far.
their menu, which I did not take the time to look over page after page of all the items they featured, was extensive.
however, knowing what we were going to get, we ordered full order of corn beef sandwich (very popular) with potato salad and side of onion rings.

corn beef sandwich was huge... which we split. that was a better size.
the meat was tender and juicy... but perhaps little heavier cut than their usual, according to my friend. their potato salad was tasty, but it was a little sweeter than I was accustomed to. and their onion was thin like calamari, heavier on the breading... probably just a commercial version, not home made, according to my friend. I prefer mine to be thick cut with light and crisper coating.

I'm not sold on the place but it was clean and decent.
I may give it a try one more time and see how they measure up than.
Came here one morning a couple of weeks ago.  Had about 50 minutes alloted before my Mayo clinic appointment, so I thought a short stack of banana-nut pancakes would get me in and out fast.  I thought wrong.  Staff was friendly enough, but it took at least 10 minutes for the server to finally take my order.  I asked for banana-nut pancakes, but instead of the pancake syrup (not pure maple), I wanted a side of the blueberry compote that usually comes w/ the blueberry pancakes.  Would this be OK?  Server said yes.  The short stack (2 cakes) arrived 15 minutes later, but instead of banana-nut pancakes, these were blueberries, delivered by another server.  My server came by to ask if I needed anything else, heard my complaint, and rushed back to the kitchen to correct it.  I was assured that it would only take 10 minutes to get a fresh batch out, but another 15 minutes went by before the correct order arrived.  Keep in mind, it's already been at least 40 minutes since I sat down.  I only had 10 minutes to spare- not enough to savor these delicious cakes.  The blueberry compote ended up containing corn syrup, the ingredient I was trying to avoid by not using the pancake syrup, but it's hard for me to resist blueberry compote, so if I must suffer...

I most likely will visit Chompie's again the next time I'm out and about and craving for pancakes, but only if I have 90 minutes or more to spare...
Go to the Chompie's at Paradise Valley mall the service here is terrible and the food tastes different.
My wife and I weren't too hungry and decided to grab something quick so we could get back home to watch the Cardinals game. We got there at 5 PM and was seated promptly, we got water and a tray of their pickles. Now this place wasn't hopping yet and the Cardinals game was playing on both screens. I didn't pay attention to it so I ignored the game. 
It took between 10-15 minutes before a server came over to take our order. He never said his name and took out order and left. No personality at all...NADA...ZIPPO!!
About ten minutes later I finally got my Matzo ball soup, it was tasty as usual. But we waited another 10 minutes to get our two half pastrami sandwiches. There must have been one cook...it took, what seemed like forever, to get our food.
We haven't been there in a while, but we have had better service in the past.
Let me start by saying I've been going here off and on since 1998 or so, usually while on vacation (since 2000). The menu and the food have changed over the years, but the general quality is still there. This last visit I got the Brooklyner, which has corned beef, pastrami, and braised brisket. I finished most of it, but could have finished all of it if I tried. I know some people expect these huge mile-high sandwiches (like in NYC) but I've been to some of those delis and they charge $20 for a sandwich. So the sandwich may be bigger but you still pay for it. Anyway, $13.29 is a bit pricey for a sandwich, but this sandwich had a really excellent taste to it. Mike T. got a beef tongue sandwich, which was equally tasty. Both were admittedly a tad on the small side considering the price, but I think that's a minor point.

Chompie's is unique in that it doesn't just focus on the deli elements, they do traditional breakfasts, some Mexican food, burgers, crepes, wraps, there's something for everyone here. I think it generally fits the transient mindset of the Phoenix area, where most everyone isn't from there, they're either just passing through or ended up there by a set of circumstances. You could view this trait as a big minus and say that Chompie's doesn't match up to a traditional NYC deli (which it doesn't). But like a lot of other restaurants in the area, I think its strengths are that it continues to try new things with the menu and it tries to just create good food and atmosphere without being confined in a box.

Now on the menu they have 5 pounds of sliders for 50 bucks or so, it's free if you can finish in half an hour. That doesn't appeal to me, but it's just an example of a restaurant that isn't afraid to try something new while keeping their classic dishes in tact.
Chompies is great, i love the corned beef & pastrami sandwich..the food is very tastey..also if you want some amazing pancakes try the Wheat STUFFED GRANOLA ones they are out of this world.. on Shea The Chompies on Shea has one problem, its the service, now the servers are nice & all but they seem to maybe be understaffed, takes forever to get your order. Another thing that caused me to give it 3 stars is the price, chompies is pretty darn expensive, expect to pay about $15-$20 for a basic breakfast, i only order 2 eggs, potatos & dry toast & sometimes pancakes..when i go there for lunch & get the corned beef sandwish, fries, & a drink its about $25..but the portions are LARGE & u will definitley not leave there hungry!
This is a fantastic deli, which is a surprise to find in Arizona.  I instantly felt transported back to NYC when I walked in, accept for the fact that the average age of the dinner was over 50!  That said, the food was great and the pastrami and matzo ball soup was some of the best I've had.  

I recommend the half sandwich and soup, unless you have a HUGHE appetite and can eat half a side of beef!  Enjoy!
I have to agree with this other reviewers and I wonder if the success of Chompie's may have taken on more than they could handle? I think the food is pretty good, really I think the bagels are probably the stars. But like the others, I felt like we waited an awfully long time to get our meal and the waitress never came to check on us once. I would have liked another cup of coffee but she wasn't even the one who brought our food. I really think that the place seems like it is chaotic and just has way too much going on at one time.
I'm not a New Yorker...I'm a transplanted Chicagoan. It's frustrating that there is such a limited supply of Deli's in this area-- and there is nothing that even approaches a great Chicago style Deli. This is the second time I've eaten at Chompies, and both times have been a huge disappointment. 
The other night we went for dinner. We felt like we sat forever before someone waited on us. Then she disappeared- more interested in taking pictures of a group of slider eaters in back. Another waiter showed up later...looked at me and asked me if I was the "mashed potatoes". I said yes, and he told me they were OUT of mashed potatoes. Since I was having hot turkey-- this was quite disappointing. After much more waiting, I ended up asking when our meals would arrive ( we had been there an hour already) My plate of turkey with dressing and their interpretation of french fries arrived...with congealed cold gravy on the side. Everything was SOOOOoooo salty, it was borderline inedible. My husband got what they consider a ham and cheese omelet. Scrambled looking eggs with slices of cheese on top. Mediocre at best. 
I doubt I'll return for a meal, other than to buy bagels from their take out.
I just tried to order a hot Pastrami sandwich on a french roll and they asked for $14!!--- wow!--- and it wasn't anything to write home about--

I arrived just before noon to avoid the lunchtime rush...and service was VERY slow and non-chalant-- took inside of 10 minutes before I got my sandwich-- I can't imagine what the lunch crowd has to go through!

I usually go to Chompies for breakfast....which is great--- lunch was a disappointment
There's a lot to be said about Chompies! Its great that they have several locations throughout the valley! Everyone a little different from the next but I love this location because of its shear size. I first tried Chompies 8 years ago before I even moved to Arizona and it was good for a small family lunch out on the way up to Fountain Hills.
Their bagels and cream cheese are very good. Not the best in the area, but close enough.
The Chicago dog, which is what I had today was pretty good. Again not the best in the area but a decent price with fries. I love their fries. Always very warm, never hot or cold. Nice and thick with the skin still on them! There is plenty of space but unfortunately you don't always get lucky enough to get a good server.
The delicatessens are good. Haven't had much Jewish desserts but their cookies that they give free with a kids meal are soft and yummy. There is a very large variety, so be prepared to be a bit overwhelmed!!
A local friend recommended we hit Chompies while we were in the area, and we're so glad we did! 

As far as Kosher deli's go, it's one of our fav's.  We had the hot corned beef, matzo ball soup and split pea soup, plus picked up some adorable cakes for the kids that were frosted with mice and frogs!  The bakery alone was worth the trip, but the sandwich was pilled high with juicy corned beef, and they delivered it just as we asked for it!

The plain bagels weren't as good as Einstein's but in their defense, our kids didn't want them toasted....

Grab some to-go or eat it there.
Potato pancakes, pastrami reuben, and chicken and waffles: Extreme carbohydrate overload. 

The mini potato pancake appetizer (5) is seasoned appropriately and cooked up nice and crispy around the edges, soft and warm on the inside. Applesauce and sour cream, of course. 

Pastrami reuben is piled high, warm and delish, sauerkraut/dressing/swiss. Came with coleslaw (a little bland) and we upgraded to sweet potato fries (again, a little bland, and looked slightly battered...?) 

Chicken and waffles - a belgian waffle made with jalapenos and corn in the batter, then they put chicken strips on top of it, and dump a load of cheddar cheese on top of the whole pile. If you like crunchy, and I do like crunchy, the chicken strips have it - almost to the point of TOO much crunch. Wear-down-your-enamel crunch. The combination of the chicken in its seasoned batter plus cheese plus corn plus spicy jalapenos plus waffle plus syrup on top of it all makes a flavor explosion (and later, a slight headache). It was HUGE too - between two people, half of it was still left on the plate. 

There is also a large, beautiful display case full of every kind of pastry you can think of. We didn't make it there. I think next time I'll start with dessert so I can cram it all in...
Don't overlook this place for lunch. I have had a Ruben and a Jewish slider here and both were very good. Not as impressed with their bagels.
It was crazy the last time I was here.  They were doing some kind of slider fest special due to a tv show they were featured on.  $1 sliders brings out all the lookie lou's.  The deserts still rock and the red velvet cake I have dreams about.  The service can be sketchy but the food has always been good.
I wish we had a kosher deli in my neck of the woods, because some days, I just have to have matzo ball soup. Or, the quintessential lox and cream cheese on an everything bagel, toasted, with all the trimmings--slices of red onions, capers, tomato, the works. 

But there is none in Yuma.

Thank goodness, Phoenix is just a 2 1/2 hours drive, give and take another half an hour in construction traffic. There a several Chompies in the metropolitan Phoenix area, but we tend to go to the one in Scottsdale, for some other reasons.

* Salmon Lox and cream cheese on an Everything Bagel--quite expensive! But to me, it's a worth an occassional splurge. Though I never paid that much for a bagel sandwich back East, I am grateful that it is relatively closer.

*Matzo ball and chicken soup--the kids and I adore this. The broth is perfect, although on ocassion, I thought it was a tad bit salty. But all in all, still a winner.

* Hubby gets the Pastrami---piled high, good, what else can I say.

I was tempted to shave 2Stars (!) off my general rating--for the fact that service can be sporadic, and on one trip, was downright horrid. The girl ignored us, and we could see her chatting with the other girls (although I'm thinking this happed at the Chompie's on University, and not the one in Scottsdale?).

But to be fair, for the food ALONE--a well desserved 4Star rating from me. 

Chopped liver, anyone???
Baaaaahhhhh...i'm so sad about having to give this one three stars.

Let me start this by saying that I LOVE Chompies bagels. In my mind, they are the best. ESPECIALLY the shmear. Deeeelish. Now, that goes for the bagels...not so much for the rest of it. 

Our server...umm...had issues. Let's just leave it at that. I would normally say that he was overwhelmed, but it was 3 in the afternoon - so that one is a bit hard for me to swallow (that's what she said, i know). The other thing that was hard to swallow was the food. 

I ordered the London Tunnel Sandwich. Sounded yummy...roasted turkey, pastrami, coleslaw, 1000 island - all on yummy rye. Well..not impressed. My advice, just eat the rye with a side of fries. As I was chewing on my sandwich, I had this moment of realization: You are eating a sandwich at Chompies...this is supposed to be knocking you off your chair...especially for 14 bucks. This thought made me choke. 

Lesson learned: Buy the bagels and shmear and grab desert on the way out. Save your ass from the uncomfortable seat, your mind from having to deal with dumb servers and your throat/mouth from the uncomfortable feeling of gross food engulfing it. 

The end.
Saved my life when I was sick and nothing tasted right.  Bummer to be on vacation in a strange town, and no way to cook something gentle for my stomach. I ordered a bowl of chicken soup and the stuffed cabbage and found my appetite.  I was so delighted.  Hubby had a plain old hamburger.  Would you believe if was one of the best I have ever tasted?  We shall return!
OIY.

Greasy noisy expensive questionable quality rude.
Chompie's was the other half of our Man vs. Food roadtrip we took after watching the Phoenix show. Hopped in the motorhome the following weekend and had a ball trying out some fabulous eats!

Chompie's is a traditional Jewish deli; expensive, huge portions, huge menu and delicious looking pastries.  I ordered a monte cristo, which was fabulous, and my husband had a reuben which he thoroughly enjoyed.  Of course we had to test the Jewish slider that Adam ate on the show, to the tune of $4 a pop!  He had to eat 12 of them in under 30 minutes and after trying 1/2 of one, there is NO WAY I could do that!  It was super delicious but far too filling.  

The service at Chompie's was great, especially once they heard we were doing a Man vs. Food roadtrip.  Our server was attentive and friendly and she even sent the manager over to say hi and we chatted with him for awhile. He very kindly bought us desert and sent us on our way with a huge pack of bagels and cream cheese for breakfast in the motorhome.  The bagels were fabulous!  We had to freeze some and are still eating them.
Love their bagels and their breakfast selection. Love that they offer different types of creamers for coffee. Yum!

Haven't been there in a  while and I'm missing it!!
This was our first visit to a Chompies.  The menu is huge... it took forever to get through it.  The food tasted great, but they totally messed up my order.  When the waitress *finally* came over to check on us, I told her they messed it up, but by that time I'd already started eating it (we were on a time schedule... gotta go!).  She wanted to fix it, but since it took so long to get our food we didn't have time for them to 'fix' it.  The waitress did offer us a dozen (day old) bagels for the inconvience.

The bakery is extremely over priced for what you get.  Huge selection, but $2 for a sugar cookie that doesn't taste all that great... no thanks.
This review started as one about Chompie's at the PV Mall. We will never again go to this Chompie's.  See below:

"We have been going to the Chompie's on Shea for over two years and really enjoyed the Hometown NY food and atmosphere. It reminded us of all the good things that you would find at Katz's in lower Manhattan. 

"Okay, so why the setup for another Chompie's location?  Well the last few times at the Shea location we sat and waited, and waited(15 mins or so) for our waiter to come by and ask us for our drink order. Hey, when you're busy that's to be understood -- but our waiter was on break most of time and the place was half empty.  Also, it seems whenever we asked for anything (pickles, napkins, etc) our waiter seemed fairly indifferent to us.  It happened a few more times on different visits and so we had enough. 

"Well, our trek in the desert has been rewarded. This Chompie's (PV Mall) is everything the other one wasn't.  The wait staff came by immediately and ask about our drinks order & offered suggestions on different menu items. We were thrilled. We didn't realize there was another Chompie's nearby.  And the food was great (just like the one on Shea)!

"From now on we will shlep the extra 10 minutes to the PV Mall location and will try to forget all about the other one over on Shea.  If you're into Katz's and some Catskill theater then you might enjoy the Chompie's on Shea, we didn't!"  When the wait staff stand around talking while you're hungry, it's a real mood kill.

So go to Chompie's at the PV Mall and enjoy the food and service and feel free tip generously.  Oh, BTW there's a ton of parking available at PV another difference in their favor.  Enjoy!
With limited Jewish Deli options to choose from in the Valley, Chompie's  is at the top of my list when I'm craving matzah ball soup, potato latkes, bagels, black and white cookies, or quality sandwiches served with plenty of pickles!  I've ordered bagels in bulk from Chompie's before but until this past weekend, I'd never taken advantage of their catering options.

I'm typically a planner, but this year, the Jewish holidays came around way too quickly, and I found myself scrambling at the last minute to feed approximately 20 guests at a break-fast on Saturday evening.  I went to  the Chompie's website and found their catering menus for the holidays...  I called and ordered a sampler platter for ten (this came with egg salad, tuna salad, white fish salad, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, cream cheese (veggie and regular), a small fruit plate, and a  chocolate babka...  All of this was conveniently ready for me to pick up Saturday at 1pm per my request.  I added to the order last minute , just to make sure I had enough food,  and the folks at Chompie's were fine with that.  They even helped me carry everything out to my car.  

Turns out, we had way too much food; portions are huge!  But everyone left our house with full bellies and many with leftovers for the week.  I'm actually kind of bummed that I'm traveling this week as Jared will get to enjoy the leftovers without me...  

Needless to say, I won't hesitate to use Chompie's for catering again in the future!
I have always been a fan. This place puts out consistently good simple breakfast and lunch - I have NEVER had a bad meal here. They also have an amazing selection of to-go deserts. Chompie's was also featured on "Man V. Food" recently...
Chompie's Cheddar Cheese Bagels...mmmmmmmm CHEESE!

Incredible menu offerings, authentic NY style Jewish deli and bakery.

Did I say the Cheddar Cheese Bagel toasted with chive cream cheese is about the best bagel under the sun?  Well trust me it is!

If Homer Simpson ever tried a Chompie's Cheddar Cheese Bagel he'd never eat another damn pink doughnut...ever!
The 2-star rating is due to the HORRENDOUSLY high prices for anything on the menu.

Price:  it's 250% of what you'd expect to pay.  A $5 sandwich will easily cost you $18.  A very hard thing to get over, regardless of Service or Taste.

Service:  Excellent, and I wonder if they're happy because they expect tips, above and beyond what you're paying for the food.  20% of a normal $5 is ok, but 20% of $75 is probably why they're smiling.  *** Please correct your prices so families can enjoy your family restaurant ***.

Taste:  Excellent.  I appreciate your taking lunchmeat and putting it onto my sandwich.  I just have trouble giving you 10 times the price of the lunchmeat.

I'd seen the Man vs. Food episode, so I was excited to eat their food.  I was just stunned to silence by the horribly high prices.  I just couldn't believe the cashier would ask for that much money with a smile on her face.  Now I know why they never mention prices on the show.
Gosh, I wish we had a Chompies out in So. Orange Co. 
We were here on a Friday night for a dinner party in their back room. There were 50-60 of us. 
Once we all settled down and started to look over the menu the waiters/servers came by to take our drink orders. They came back fast with our drinks. Our orders were then taken. Soups came out in a timely manner and so did our entrees. 
The soups were reminiscent of our moms home cooking. Chicken Soup with Matzo Ball. Heavenly. 
Our entrees which were sandwiches pretty good. 
Okay, I got the brisket on Challah. It came with a gravy but I would of preferred Au jus. The brisket was a little on the dry side. I should of gotten pastrami. My son said it was great!. My husband enjoyed his corned beef sandwich on rye. 
So for the food I would give maybe 3 to 3 1/2 stars. But because the service was outstanding, especially with such a large group, I'm bumping up to 5 stars. The service was fantastic!!! 
Come on Chompies, open a restaurant out by me, Please.
Incredibly odd layout to this place.  I needed a few minutes and a rosetta stone to figure out why there needs to be segregated dining.  Still a mystery.  
The food is pretty good.  I echo the overall sentiment about the authenticity.  But they've done a decent job of melding the Upper East Side with the Southwest. One thing they should have left on Manhattan is that NYC attitude.  Because customer service matters in the rest of the world.
Chompie's is delicious.  I always use their call ahead so we don't have to wait (since they definitely are busy on the weekends).  This weekend they seated our party of 13 Sunday morning as soon as we got there.  

Bustling, animated and fun- Chompie's not only offers high quality breakfasts and lunches but a dynamic, fast-pace for dining.  You may need to wait a little bit for your food since they get so busy- but that's part of the experience.  Just keep busy with the various football games displayed on their tvs throughout the restaurant. It's nice too that you can walk through the restaurant and the staff gets to know who you are- that sure doesn't happen at big chains. 

Personally I enjoy their coffee over ice with hazelnut creamer, Chompie's egg breakfast with loose scrambled eggs with american cheese on top, and their everything bagel with olive pimento cream cheese.  Their potato pancakes are incredible with sour cream and apple sauce.  Yum. 

Gretchen is by far their best server with her 100% accuracy for orders and her charming attitude.  When I'm traveling or on vacation I miss home since I miss out on my weekend ritual of Chompie's!
I've already expressed my love for Chompies in my review of the Tempe location, but after having brunch at this location this morning, I need to do the same for Scottsdale. 

I'm not usually a fan of big menus. But since pretty much everything at Chompies is good, let them cook whatever they want. I met a friend here at 11am and had some trouble deciding between breakfast or lunch. As I looked through the menu, the omelets caught my eye. I had the Spanish Omelet which has black beans, onions, tomato, cheddar and jalapeno jack cheese. It also comes with potatoes and a bagel or toast for $8.50. Not only Delicious, but I'm set for the day.
I love this place. Great breakfasts, lunches and dinners. 
Their pastrami is the best in the state, and their turkey that is used in sandwiches tastes real (as in NOT the watery deli stuff you find in most places). They did get rid of my favorite "sandwich",  the El Paso Wrap, but I've found they'll still make it for me when I get a craving for it. The chicken soups are delish and home made (and wonderful when you are sick with the flu or a cold). 
Needless to say, their bagels are killer. 
Frequently a line, but worth the wait, if you have the time. 
Highly recommend this place!!
For being STARK empty at 8:10pm, it shouldn't have taken until 8:38 for me to get a sandwich and soup to go. Didn't help that they forget to put in the order to actually make my sandwich. VERY inattentive staff for being a not-so busy place. 

As for my food, typical Jewish deli sandwich with toooooooo much meat. Matzo ball chicken soup was good. I'll pass on Chompie's next time. Not worth my time...literally.
Had this place bookmarked after watching Adam Richman eat a dozen sliders on Man vs Food.  Since I was in the area I decided to stop by for lunch.  The place was packed and I had to wait a few minutes to be seated. While I was waiting I browsed the Bakery side of the joint.  I didn't realize it was a Bakery & a Deli.

The Bakery had a ton of awesome looking Desserts....I almost scrapped lunch in favor of a Dessert or two, ha!  But my name was called and I went to be seated.

The food menu is pretty large and I had a tough time selecting a dish.  I asked my server for her opinion and she suggested trying the Sliders and making a combo with the Original Jewish Sliders (Mini Challah Rolls, Brisket, Potato Pancakes, Jack Cheese, Brown Gravy) and the Western Sliders (Mini Challah Rolls, BBQ Brisket, Cheddar Cheese, Onion Strings).....there would be 3 Sliders of my choice and Fries for $11.99.  I decided to go for it and ordered the combo with 1 Original Jewish Slider and 2 BBQ Beef Sliders.

After a short wait my food came out.  I couldn't wait to dive into it.  I went for the Jewish Slider first.  I've never had anything like this before.....it was dripping with Gravy.  Took one bite and could taste the Gravy, Potato Pancake, and Jack Cheese immediately....then I could taste the Brisket, which was very moist.  It was pretty good, but I'm not a big fan of Gravy unless it's Thanksgiving.

Next I went for the BBQ Brisket Sliders......they were very tasty.  The proportion of BBQ Sauce and Onion Strings were just right to give it that Sweet & Tangy flavor.  Of the two types of Sliders I prefer the BBQ Sliders over the Jewish Sliders.  The Fries were Breaded Wedge Cut Fries and were awesome......crispy on the outside and moist & soft on the inside.  The spices on the Fries were very good too.

Overall, it was a good meal.  My server was very friendly and checked up on me often to make sure I was satisfied with my meal.  She offered to replace the Jewish Slider if I didn't like it.  I told her that it was good and then she suggested Pumpkin Creme Brulee for Dessert.  I wasn't planning on Dessert, but couldn't resist and said yes.  It came out and the portion was pretty big.....there was no way I could finish it but I gave it a good shot and ate 1/2 of it.  It was very flavorful and gave my meal a nice Holiday Touch.

I enjoyed my meal here and got my money's worth.

Will I return?  You bet.....I might actually give that 12 Slider Challenge a shot if I'm in the mood.
Before heading out to the Arizona Auto Show, my wife and I decided to have lunch here. The place was PACKED, had to wait about 10 minutes. We ordered our sandwiches: Wife had half Egg Salad Sandwich with lettuce and sprouts; I had the half-sandwich combo with chicken noodle soup. My sandwich was pastrami on marble rye and no cheese.
The soup was delicious with lots of chicken, noodles and vegetables. It wasn't had hot as I would like it, but it was good. 
The waitress brought out a whole Egg Salad sandwich and when I got mine, it was a whole sandwich with toasted rye, melted cheese with sauerkraut.  We both sent our sandwiches back and my wife's came back the way she ordered it and the pastrami sandwich was on rye with cheese. I wasn't going to send it back a second time.
At the end of our meal, we ordered bagel chips, apparently they were all sold out. But our waitress managed to get some from the pantry and didn't charge us.
The meal was satisfying with pastrami about two inches high. I would have given this a 4 star, but not getting our order right the first time, I had to take a star away.
Very over priced and not very high quality.
This place is amazing. The food is excellent, the portions are big, and the menu seems endless. One of the best kosher restaurants that I have been to.
I'm a big Chompie's fan. I eat at their Tempe, and Shea location on the occasion and am usually very content with the food. 

Chompie's is true to the authentic New Yorker. I, personally, never lived in New York, but my sister and brother-in-law lived there for over 10 years and say that Chompie's hold true to the mentality and tradition.

Their matzo ball soup is delicious. I love their Brooklyner, and the Club. Their breakfast skillets are top-notch, and they have courteous servers.

This most recent trip I went in and had an odd request. My jaw is currently fractured and I can't chew. I asked if they could blend my matzo ball chicken noodle soup and bring it out to me. The waitress was so helpful and told me it wouldn't be a problem. When they brought it out it was all liquified, and it was WONDERFUL! It still had all the flavors of the soup, and the puree that I had in front of me was perfect for my jaw. I was so appreciative that they would take the time to do that for me while I can't chew right now. And to the waitress it was so nonchalant, I never felt like I was imposing that request on her. I am definitely a fan!

When you go, make sure to check out their bread items (bagels), and the HUGE assortment of sweets. They have a great collection of cookies, tarts, cakes, all for sale - and they're really good too!
Very good bagels and sandwiches!
We ate at Chompie's in Scottsdale last night. Table of four. It may have been the worst dining experience of my life. The food came to the table an hour after it was ordered and only after we appealed to the manager. Of course the orders were wrong and ice cold. The check was wrong the first time and all four times that it was redone. I was only going to pay what I thought I owed anyway, but then the manager tore up the check and said the meal was on him. The food? Tasteless pastrami that was 50% fat. The corned beef was higher quality. But in a blind taste test, I would have guessed Irish pub, not "NY kosher style deli". This is "New York Deli?". God forbid.
Just OK. Bakery items are very good. But the restaurant -meats are dry, sides blah, dinner entrees just not good at all. Latkes - cardboard.
In general, just a great NY style deli experience. I wish they would open in Boston,. Haven't been in years but went this week. Despite having an air head for a waitress you cannot beat the sandwiches, the depth of the menu and the quality of the food. yeah, sandwiches are 12 bucks or more, but you can get a half. The pickles are great. Soup in good., desserts are good. yummy yummy yummy.
This is a fabulous place to go when you have been induced with medical supplements while undergoing tests! After spending the majority of the day at Mayo Clinic, my girlfriends and I ventured here for some well-needed nourishment. The fasting thing does not work well for me! In my drug induced state, I ate all 6 pickles, yep ate them all and boy were they tasty as ever. And then I ordered a liverwurst sandwich with onions and cheese on rye bread! Really? Yes, really. And it was superb! Let's just say the entire experience is but a blurrrrrrr, but the service was good, fast, and the food amazing. Then I needed some dessert! The fridge is full of lots of goodies. Now that I am coherent again, I just shake my head and help myself to some rugallah every time I pass through the kitchen. OH WELL, I deserve a little reward for all I have been through today! :)
I am a chompies regular and really struggled with writing a review. To start with a plus, the bagels are the best in town. Their everything bagel is seriously ridiculous! When it comes to everything else, it's just okay. For breakfast I've had runny eggs, undercooked potatoes and soggy bacon more than once. For lunch I've waited upwards of 30 mins for a check. But the portions are huge and prices are very reasonable. And kids eat free Mondays and Tuesdays. Not to mention you can split a kids meal between two or three kids. So why do I keep going back you might ask? I work really close to there and I am in love with their bagels. Two eggs, bacon, sausage or ham, home fries and a bagel is only $5.99. Can't beat that.
I eat at Chompies often, but last night may be the last time.  The service was so bad that I would say it was the worse I have ever experienced.  The young man forgot the order, sent chicken noodle soup to the table when it was to be matzo ball soup.  Returned with a cold matzo ball to put in the soup.  Forgot the other soups and then brought them cold.  Forgot the drink and after dinner he brought it, but stopped at the wrong table to deliver it.  Took back one of the cold soups to warm it up and then did not bring it back till others were finished with dinner and also delivered the Reuben sandwich at the same time.  Did not bring the ketchup and we had to get up and get it from another table.  Also needed napkins, but did not see anyone to ask, so got our own.  The food was bad.  I always order a chopped liver sandwich and this time the liver was in large pieces, so you had to chew it.  The Reuben had very little sauerkraut; you could not even find it on the sandwich.  The check was wrong, and we had to get up to pay at front desk, except for all of the above everything was fine.
Let me preface this review ..I have lived in this area for 15 years and Chompie's has been the only option for good Jewish deli. In my 51 years I have never received worse service than from Chompie's They ALWAYS get the order wrong., Tonight after much debate I caved for my daughter who has strep throat. She wanted nothing else but matzah ball soup to make her feel better. So reluctantly I called in for take out at Chompies. I assumed the one thing on there menu that might be a safe bet and hard to screw up would be the soup. I returned home and called my daughter in to tell her I got what the doctor ordered. As I watched her pour it in the bowl we noticed it was missing one key ingredient......... THE SOUP!!!!!  When I decided to call and tell Chompies this has to be the 10th or 12 time in a row they have screwed up our order. This was more than screwing up a order. This was forgetting the soup in SOUP. They told me if I wanted the broth I should have asked for it in a separate container. I responded I didn't think I had to ask for broth in soup! I WILL NEVER GIVE THEM A DIME OF MY MONEY AGAIN.  I highly recommend to drive the additional 15-20 minutes in your car and find somewhere else when looking for jewish comfort food. You will be highly disappointed with Chompies. This is the first time I have ever heard of yelp. My son told me to come on here because this is a way to tell other people to avoid restaurants such as these. I hope you take my advice.
Tonight was our second time at this Chompie's and had I written this review after our first visit, I would have given it 4 stars.  However, after the service we received tonight, we will not back.  After reading other reviews, one can only assume that the Borenstein's have made so much money that they could care less about what kind of service their patrons get.  

We arrived around 5:00pm and the restaurant was not very crowded yet.  My husband order a soup and sandwich and I ordered the Jewish sliders.  Long story short .... every table around us received their food even though they arrived after us!  It took so long that the couple next to us commented on how long our food was taking (at this point they were almost done with their meal).  Not being able to locate our server, I went up to the hostess and asked if someone could find out where our food was.  In less than a minute the manager (Phil) magically plots the food on the table and says, "the sliders just take a really long time".  No apology, nothing.  Without  going into the a lengthy description of the dialogue that followed between my husband and Phil, suffice it to say that Phil had real attitude for manager.  At no time did he offer an apology, free dessert or to take anything off the bill.  He practically blamed us for being too impatient!

To make matters worse, right after Phil left the table, our server, Justin, decide to continue with the attitude.  He asked us how everything was and my husband replied that, "he didn't know yet because we just got our food."  Justin didn't seem to understand why my husband was so upset, and my husband explain about the wait for the food.  Justin's reply ..... "Well, you have your food now ... what's the problem?"

I left out lot's of detail, but you get the picture.... they could give a crap about service.  I don't care how good the food is, but rude service with attitude, especially from management is never acceptable.  We will not be back!
Went here with a friend and got some of the best service in town. Lucy was our waitress and she was on the ball, cheery and attentive. We both had great sandwiches and they even have gluten free rolls. Can't eat the desserts but boy did they look fabulous. Masterpieces in the case. I' ll go again for sure. Ask for Lucy,
3.5 stars. Does not compare to it's equivalents in Chicago or NYC, but if you are craving decent deli in the desert, it does the trick. Had a toasted bagel and nova lox with cream cheese, red onion , tomato,greek olives.. side of very good cole slaw and, if you can believe this , a side of excellent potato pancakes served with sour cream and applesauce. My brother opted for a cup of split pea soup (it was so good and I don't even like split pea soup ..he gave me a taste) and 1/2 real turkey (not fabricated) sandwich. We shared an apple strudel for dessert and it was so so. They were handing out chocolate babka samples as we walked out and of course we tasted them. Best babka ever. There was no need to eat anything else for the rest of the day.....(ok, I had a few peanuts at the ball park later that evening.)
I love stopping by at Chompies when I'm craving a deli sandwich or new york style bagel! Everything is so delicious with large portions. I always get their bagel and joe combo if I'm in a rush. The atmosphere feels like a busy deli in NYC. The service is excellent and very attentive. Their omelettes are excellent and come with a choice of bagel on the side. Its big enough for two people! This seems more of a breakfast/lunch place to me though as I've never been for dinner.
So I have eaten at allot of delis and this is one of the best I have been to. 

I had a half of chopped liver and a half of beef tongue, liver was ok and the tongue was thin and so tender. The give you allot of food but the sandwich only has the meet, if you want lettuce or tomatoes you need to ask and it's extra. 

The water was very friendly and helpful although it looked like he was in training. 

The bakery has a great selection and everything looks so wonderful that you want to try one of each. 

This is a great place and a must try and return.
Ok, so we went back to Chompies after having an unbelievably horrible experience.  We were with a group of about 20 and dragged to the Chandler Choppies kicking and screaming.  Although certain things were on the menu, they were, again, not available for purchase.  I think they just keep them there to frustrate the patrons.  Anyway, the food that did come out was hot, tasty, and abundant.  The service was very good too.  Bravo, Chandler Chompies.  I still miss NY deli, but would definitely go back should I be down your way again.
Dirtiest place I have ever been in wait staff could care less if you were there walked out never to return
Friday's AM Networking meeting with the SESORE Group.
Great service, even for a busy Saturday.  Our server was a grandmother too, which was really cool.  Food was above average but nothing great.  Bread/toast was good, pancakes I can't understand why they're popular, and actually the Southwest breakfasts were rather good - breakfast enchiladas, for example.  Popular spot, and I can see why.
I'm seriously behind in my Yelp reviews, but here's what I remember:

The hostess had no hosting skills.  If you're going to walk by me 117 times before seating me, you could at least acknowledge I'm waiting.  

The server had no serving skills whatsoever.  Do you seriously need to reach over me to take the condiments off the table and give them to someone else?  Petty, I know.  She was at least friendly and adequately attentive.

Thankfully, the cook had some degree of cooking skills.  I had the Western sliders (challah rolls filled with BBQ brisket) and while nothing spectacular, it was solidly A-OK.  I think I prefer the Jewish sliders (brisket minus the BBQ, add a potato pancake).

My favorite part of Chompie's is the window shopping after dinner in the bakery.  Sadly we were unable to be helped in the small window of time I had before the plus one decided it was taking too long.  A decision he later regretted I'm sure.
Where do I begin?

I have a penchant for Jewish delis since I've lived in LA for several years. My favorites out there being: Canter's and Jerry's. Yeah, hate on me. I like what I like.

Today, it was time for something a little different for lunch. I was sick of eating leftovers or a Trader Joe's salad. I hopped onto Yelp and read some of the reviews of this place since it seems that Chompie's has quite the reputation around town.

I pulled up the menu and was surprised to find out that there is a "Fitness Boot Camp" menu. Most items here are reasonable...somewhat. This is a Jewish deli afterall....a glutton's paradise. I ordered the Mile High Turkey Pastrami on Multi Grain Bread with Fruit Salad. My tomato, lettuce and onion was all on the side. No condiments on the sandwich. Perfect. I didn't need to request it this way. Thank God.

When I came in to pick it up, the person who prepared my sandwich, opened up the box, went over my sandwich with me to make sure it was everything I asked for. AWESOME SERVICE.

I walked out of there with a smile. 

The sandwich was delicious. The turkey pastrami was NOT dry, the bread was fresh, the fruit was perfect, and I was a very happy camper. 

I can't wait to come back! Chompie's....you are awesome. Challah!
You really can't go wrong going to Chompies! The location on Shea is definitely a little slower service compared to the Tempe location but the food is the same.  It is not the most amazing food but it is still just what you are craving.  I love the matzo ball soup, not too salty just right!  I also love the fact that you can cram as many pickles in you mouth as possible, like an all you can eat pickle buffet! The best Jewish deli i have been to in the Phoenix area.
Not a bad place,.i suppose. I had the turkey and dressing and it was quite tasty, but I didn't like the presentation. The spinach was a bit under cooked for my liking.
Good deli with a broad array of NY style deli meats and pastries.  I ate here a couple of times and would do so again.  

The flavors are a bit off from what you would find in a traditional Jewish deli (I grew up in Brooklyn) but very good and better than a lot of the so called traditional delis in Chicago.  

Definitely worth a try if you are in the area.
Portions are massive, prices are high and the taste...well I've had better. Now I am speaking of breakfast, I haven't had lunch there yet. I don't even like the bagels they sell in the grocery store, the store brand tastes better.
Chompie's for breakfast! There breakfast is great - the service is always good and their "corned beef hash" is the best!
Really? What is up with this place? Can I ever walk out of here without being stuffed and not having finished my meal???? 

I tried to be smart this time ordering a half sandwich-still too much. Thank goodness I take my doggie bags home to my little 4-legger who enjoys good meat:) The pickles are the best thing going. I just love them and can't go there without eating the entire dish of them. I was there mid morning and although not completely packed with people it was pretty full. The sandwich was so good on Jewish rye. I wish there was a location closer to where I live and then I would be in trouble cuz I think I would be there every day. Great place to go with friends after a medical procedure. Great location! Great Food. Great Service!!!!!
As anyone who reads my reviews, whether you like them or not, you realize I have two passions, corned beef and pizza. I knew I wasn't going to go here for the pizza, but from their menu, I thought I had a good shot at getting a decent hot corned beef on rye with mustard. Wrong. I have ordered a lot of items from Chompie's, the majority of them very good, which is why I gave them 4 stars. They are unique, their menu items are novel and I enjoy the variety. Where they fail, oddly enough is in the basic deli items. Their corned beef was not as tender as it could be. It was not sliced thin, there was not enough fat. Mo H remarked how good the pickles were? Really? I felt they were too soft, and not tart enough, although I do prefer a half sour.

Where Chompie's hits the mark is with their unique menu items. You must try the "Jewish sliders." This is basically a shabbas meal put on a challah bun. Brilliant. The brisket is amazing. So tender, like butter, the potato pancake is perfect, I don't know why they add cheese, but I would ask them to refrain. It is terrific. Their matzoh ball soup is one of the best I have had. The broth is superb. Not too chickeny, although the cup contains a bounty of carrots and celery, the soup is not overpowered in their flavor. The matzoh ball has the perfect density.

If you are in for breakfast, try the breakfast skins, but make sure you have about 8 people with you to eat these. Another novel take on something which has become so common, potato skins. Who would have thought about taking a bagel, topping it with scrambled eggs, potatoes, cheese, onions, sour cream. It works, and it is delicious.

These are the kinds of menu items Chompie's does right. Unfortunately, the corned beef sucks.

Don't leave without buying from the bakery. It is not the best bakery in the world. Canters in LA does better cookies, White Plains bake shop puts everyone else to shame with the cakes, but for Scottsdale, AZ, the black and white cookies are pretty good.
Wife and I stopped here after attending a D-Back game. It was Sunday around 5:00pm. Not busy at all, we were seated very quickly. After waiting for a little time we were finally served water and asked for our drinks. Right away I asked if we can order one of their sliders so we can try it before our dinner. Waiter said no problem. Now their sliders are very good, It's like a whole meal in a bun! Don't know how anyone can eat their 12 sliders challenge! NO WAY!! Wife had their crispy chicken wrap, I had their all you can eat ribs. Wife's wrap was awesome! Very tasty, and her side dish of potato salad was just as good!! Their ribs were OK, not much meat, very fatty, even though I packed away 13 ribs!! Mom, it sounds worst than it is!! There just weren't that much meat! No wonder it's all you can eat! Now I am writing this review the next mourning and I can still feel the wrath of the ribs!! I will definitely go back. They have way too much items on their menu for us not to go back. But I will not longer order their ribs again.
The breakfast items are a little bland, i.e. bagel sandwiches and breakfast burritos. This place is always busy though, so I assume the rest of the items on the menu are really good. Staff is nice, if a little slow sometimes.
If my Jewish grandmother lost all of her passion for living and then opened up a restaurant, this is what the food would taste like.
If you are looking for a great NY deli & bakery in Phoenix, look no further than Chompie's.  Amazing selection, freshness, big portions, good value, and friendliness are their strong suits. They serve breakfast all day and their menu is huuuuuge - so hard to choose from so many great choices!
I've been to Chompie's quite a few times now and have no complaints, so 5 stars! Usually, we just pop in for a bagel and cream cheese (HUGE selection of both) or get a sandwich to eat at the 'self-serve' counter. I love the bagels - just the right east coast texture - and the strawberry-almond cream cheese is wonderful. 
We've sat in the restaurant twice and the service is always quick and friendly. They are famous for their sliders for a reason. Mini challah rolls with lean brisket, mini potato pancakes, jack cheese, gravy, topped with fried onions - this is great comfort food. 
Biscuits were so light and taste homemade and their gravy is very good. French toast w strawberries didn't disappoint. 
I look forward to working my way thru the menu and the pastry case. Now, if I could only finish my plate one of these times...
We waited for ever at our table. Bathrooms were out of service. Waited even longer to get the food. Must have been the cooks night off. Food was awful. Even the kids complained. The pickles were still great. Daughter cleaned them out again. Really disappointed this night. Will stick to the one down in Tempe.
This is not very far from my home, but for some strange reason, I have never visited there.  Maybe because we don't have New York Deli's in Spokane, and I'm not familiar with the idea.

The other day, I agreed to meet my son and little granddaughter there for coffee and a bagel, and found that it is much more than just a bagel stop.  They actually have a restaurant with quite an extensive menu.  I had breakfast - the choices were very diverse - including skillets, various pancakes, bagels (of course), french toast, omelets, and a number of other items.  The servings were large, and the service very prompt and friendly.  Most importantly, the prices were more than reasonable.

The only thing that I disliked, was that they did not have hash browns.  They do have potatoes as an option with the meals, but you cannot actually classify them as hash browns.  They are good - but not quite a replacement for hash browns and gravy.

I actually like it so much, that I stopped and had breakfast two days later on the way to the golf course.  Again, great breakfast at very reasonable prices.  Although I usually don't eat lunch, I am going to have to make an effort to stop in and try their lunch menu. And their deli counter, and all the different varieties of bagels.
Chompie's, based on my three visits, is very unfriendly to children, and I'm speaking of well-behaved 11 year olds, not crying babies.
I had breakfast at the Chompie's at the Mercado Del Rancho Center and it pains me to write that this breakfast stands out as the worst breakfast I have ever had, ever. If you think about it, you really have to go out of your way to screw up breakfast but they managed.

We knew we were off to a bad start when we stood at the entrance for about 5 minutes (Please Wait to be Seated) for someone to seat us in a 1/2 empty dining room. The waiter was attentive so no problems there. The problems started when the food arrived. 3 of us had menu variations of corn-beef hash and poached eggs. The corn-beef had the look and texture of road kill and the eggs were hard boiled. 2 of us requested that the eggs be re-done but only one of us received it after assurances from the wait staff that it was "on its way...". The food was also more or less room temp when it arrived.

To be fair, there are a lot of Chompie's and maybe this was a bad day at a singe location. The menu is extensive and I did see other customers orders that looked more appetizing. It would appear that they have good food but the execution was the problem. We might try it again and order something different.
I go out a lot... my fridge consists of Lea & Perrin Worcester Sauce and bottled water... so when I say this place had one of the BEST breakfast places... it is my favorite meal of the day and I think I've tried EVERY breakfast joint in AZ.
I think I have tried everything on the menu, but I have to say if I had to pick just one... it would be the corned beef hash.  The lunch and dinner menu has so many choices that I've been here at least a 100 times and I don't think I've ordered the same thing twice. Everything is a standout, but if I had to say what menu item would a new customer not leave without trying... is the Matzo Ball soup!! Absolutely the best I've had (sorry grandmother!).
I've been to the other 3 locations and they are all great with wonderful service and quality food. The Scottsdale location decor is probably a little drab while the other locations are more updated, but the location is superb and easy to find.
My husband and I both come from great Jewish Deli states (Michigan and NYC.)  We both know what good Jewish Deli should taste like and Chompies is.....OK.  I can forgive the bread.  I understand that on this side of the country it is simply impossible to make really good bread because of the water.  Chompies rye bread and bagels are actually the best I've tasted in Arizona.  What I can't forgive is the corned beef and pastrami.  They are both so chewy and fatty and I don't understand why, even if I order it lean it still comes out extremely fatty!  To be honest every time I've tried a sandwich from Chompies I've been disappointed.  

When we go here my husband usually orders a cheeseburger, he loves Chompies cheeseburgers, their fries and coleslaw are also very good.  I usually get a chopped liver appetizer.  Their chopped liver is amazingly good; it reminds me of my childhood making chopped liver with my grandma in her kitchen!  My new love at Chompies is the brisket sliders, they are yummy!  Their brisket is really really good and it's a huge amount of food! I always take at least one home.   I'm going to try the western sliders next time we go, I'm sure they'll be as good as the original.

I go to Chompies at least once or twice a month to pick up a ridiculous amount of smoked fish for my husband and me to eat over the weekend.  They have all the classic smoked fishes you'd expect at a Jewish Deli, my personal favorite is sable; yes it is worth $40 a pound :)  Their whitefish salad is also really good, it has large pieces of white fish in it and scallions.  They also have a lot of different flavors of cream cheese including my husband's favorite, olive pimento.  The bakery section takes me back to my childhood.  It reminds of going to the Jewish Bakery on Friday mornings with my mother to get bread for Shabbat dinner.  It doesn't hurt that they have my favorite apricot hamentacshen!
I guess this is an east coast/midwest thing because I really don't get it. I'm not a picky eater and I HATE wasting food and money, but I could not finish my plate. I ordered french toast and I was not aware that my french toast was going to be deep fried. Seriously, when I put my fork through it, a piece of fried toast hit me in the eye. My husband was also not impressed with his food. If someone would like to suggest something delicious on the menu that I should try, please let me know because I currently want to vomit every time I see a Chompie's.
Pastrami is fabulous. Most flavorful and tender we've had. If you want a lean meat then don't go pastrami-ever!  We couldn't believe the generous portions. The matzo ball soup is a must try, unless you're not a fan of a dumpling style soup. We recommend the sweet potato fries and the potato salad. The coleslaw is good but we tend to like it a bit more vinegary than it was. My friend thinks it's a bit pricey, but I willingly pay a few extra bucks for food prepared fresh and not from a bag. And if you want fresh you'll love the garlicky pickles. Yum!
***********Little Known Secret About Chompie's Rye Bread*********

+++++++At their Deli Counter they charge a $1 more than Fry's+++++++

FACT............Chompie's sells their Rye Bread to Fry's for resale.
FACT............half loaf at  Chompie's $3.99
FACT............half loaf at Fry's $2.99

Their prices have exceeded the level of acceptability.

Our Deli of choice is Miracle Mile ....... Great Quality ..... at Fair Prices.
      **********We no longer eat at any of Chomie's 3 locations**********
We've been going to Chompies for a very long time, and I can honestly say we have seen our last visit.  

If you haven't been in a while, be prepared for a huge menu change, and the choices that once existed are gone.  It seems like 50% of the menu is gone, and all my old favorites are certainly gone.  

I can't really say whats going on, but our last two visits I can say started out fair, then slipped directly in to unacceptable.  I can say i never thought it was great, but I always thought Chompies did mediocre perfectly.   

So I'll lay it out like this.  

Burger, ordered medium, came out raw.  I'm not saying undercooked, I am saying the ground meat was RAW.  the cheese was melted, so I know someone put it on the grill to cook it.   Now talk about uncomfortable, we showed our server, who brought the manager (which we didn't ask for I assure you) who brought out a line cook...  What are you thinking, show him this health hazard somewhere else.  I did jokingly say I felt somewhat lucky we had Scottsdale Healthcare right next door after this one.
In the same meal, we had two deli sandwiches.  All I can say was the meat was rubbery and wet.  Yes, wet.  To me it was almost like it came out of the freezer or something, sliced and put on the sandwich.  YUCK.  

Now about the service which on my latest visit was ridiculously bad.  The waiter forgot items, didn't return to the table, and all, given the restaurant had 10 customers all together was horrendous.  (BTW, it wasn't our waiter who brought over the manager it was someone else, he was nowhere to be found)
  
Now my other recent visit, the service was stellar (at the PV Mall restaurant).  Our server was more than on, he was outstanding.  In fact, for that visit, the service was a solid 5/5... food was 1.5/5 on that one.

Anyway, for us, we have seen our last visits to Chompies.  I should throw in our out of town Guests, stopped going back last year except for one hold out, who has finally said its over as well....   Everything changes, and if you can't even do mediocre, then there isn't much left...
So far I have only been to Chompie's for breakfast, but everything I have tried has been great.  The fitness omelet is amazing!  I also thoroughly enjoyed the potato latkes and on a third visit I treated myself to scrambled eggs and bacon with fruit.  I have also managed to snag bites of the eggs benedict, corned beef hash, french toast, chicken and waffles and pancakes.  They have yet to disappoint.

Now I need to come back closer to lunch time so I can finally try their mazah ball soup.  It looks delish!
Dinner:  Decent AZ Deli food 
Breakfast:  Good selection and consistent
Price:  Average
Crowd:  Mostly seniors or young families with kids
Service:  Horrendous (would be 3 stars if they had decent service)
OK first I must admit that I do eat here at least once a month and have for a couple years but thats because there are no alternatives in the East Scottsdale Shea area.  Please someone build a breakfast place here that is smart enough to have free internet.  I can't believe I pay high prices for breakfast at a joint that is to cheap to deliver free internet to their clients.  I always have to sponge off Kinkos and thats painfully slow.  Its 2012 if you sell coffee and breakfast you better offer internet.  The display cases look great but most of the deserts that I have had taste a little stale.  The most impressive thing about this place is the photos of the owner rubbing elbows with all the Hollywood Elite.  Maybe thats why breakfast costs more than $10.00 somebody has to pay for all those expensive friends.  The employees are very nice the coffee selection limited and average tasting.  Bagel sandwiches are good.  I have been informed by employees who work there that they have failed many health inspections so I try to stick to coffee and bagel and avoid the eggs and meat.  All in all very average yet convenient.
Place is nicer than I anticipated, but I think I just had it confused with Blimpie's. Extensive menu. Kind of like an upscale Denny's. Lots of old people. Not that there's anything wring with that. Got the Heuvos Rancheros. Price was about 15% too high. Service prompt but neither rushed nor overbearing. Wish the crowd was a little hipper, like me.
The Ruben was just to die for, I relished every bite. One of the best corned beef sandwiches I've had, right up there with the famous Schwartz's Deli in the Jewish quarter of Montreal. They had clam chowder that day and it was some of the best I've had as well, and that's saying something, right? The service was alright, they took my order, brought me my sandwich, were polite, what else do I need? Oh and the half-sandwich deals make a lot of sense as the sandwiches are monsters that can probably feed a whole family. Even the half sandwich made me feel pretty damn full, and I am not a wimpy eater.

Update 4/30/12: I went here again today and I decided to lower my review from 5 stars to 4. Got the Ruben again and though it was really good, I realize it is just not quite up to the revered 5 star level. Can I re-emphasize how enormous these things are? I ate like half of half of the sandwich, which was just loaded with corned beef, and felt so full I had to wimp out on the rest.
Don't waste your money or appetite! I can only speak to this location, but I wish there was a way to get both of mine back. We went on a Saturday evening, and because of the noise level and air conditioning, we asked to be seated outside. We were curtly told "no". We the asked if we order "to go", if we could sit on the patio to eat. You would have thought we were asking for the moon. To make a long story of terrible service shorter, after waiting a half hour to get an order that was cold and incomplete, we had to beg for silverware and and napkins - they obviously resented our use of the patio and did everything possible to "punish" us for our decision. 

Their strategy worked; we not only regretted sitting outside, but choosing this restaurant in the first place- we will NEVER make that mistake again.

When I asked to speak to the manager, they would not even indulge that request.

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY WHERE IT'S NOT APPRECIATED
Good vegan split pea soup, prices a bit high for what you receive though.
IMO, Chompie's gets a solid 4 for food.  I have never not had a good meal here.  Sandwiches are intense - brisket and turkey is my favorite.  Great knishes...  Overall, really decent deli and great rye bread.  :)

My complaint, and why I dropped the star, is that I have also never not been wrongly overcharged, or had them get a take-out order wrong.  This happened today, in fact, as I was in buying a lot of Mothers Day pastry.  And I was charged for items I didn't receive.  Same thing always happens with deli takeout too, though more often, they get the order wrong.  Of course, you don't realize this until you get things home, and you'd think I'd learn to double check before I leave, but the place is always a bit of a madhouse.  

Good food, but if you do take out, check things before you pay.  They seem to have an issue with not getting the items and the bill to coincide.
We moved here from Northern NJ where a NY style deli is worshiped right along with any big religion yet in our last few years there, all the great NY style delis by us were closing in rapid succession.  Going into NYC just wasn't an option each time I wanted some half sours and a knish.   It took moving to Scottsdale, AZ to find a solution - go figure.

The gigantic menu you'd expect, pretty good bagels, great breads, not to mention the grilled cheese/Jewish sliders/patty melt/kosher dog with kraut/knish/fresh chips/potato salad/macaroni salad - all are awesome.  I did not care for the Reuben I tried, however, I am crazy picky about corned beef and I realize that a true NY deli serves the meat a little fatty so that's my hangup.  Husband had an omelet today that could have fed 4 people - he loved it. 

If you are going to Chompies with someone and it is their first time, force them to look at the menu online first or you will be filling up on half sours for some time as they decide.

Great service, efficient but not pushy.
I used to love Chompies no more. I got served yet another overly fatty, overly salty corned beef sandwich that was nothing but a mound of crumbly fatty meat. Where is Robert Irvine when u need him?
Only things to order: Jewish Sliders & Matzah Ball Soup

Seriously, the other stuff on the menu is just decent...the two items above are what we one for.
I'm a fan of Chompies!  I usually eat at the one in the Mall but when I'm on his side of town I always seem to find a reason to stop by B^)

I've never had a bad experience at Chompies!  They are very consistent with how they serve their food and their service!

Food~ It's a strong 3 stars for me!  I prefer their sliders ~ pastrami is good and their matzah ball soup, potato latkes are also good as well.  
Service~ It's always exceptional!  Everyone's very attentive and eager to help you find whatever deli item, your craving!  5 stars
Pastries~ Total 4-5 stars!! They have some amazing pastries, cookies, cakes you name it ~ they make it!!

Whether you have time to eat or not, I will always find a reason to stop by to eat in or pick up something to go because they are very good and consistent at what they cook and serve!! 

I hope to see you there!
Chompie's used to be one of my favs, i used to eat there all the time a couple of years ago, today i went to the shea location, which i always used  to goto & it was pathetic..ordered the "aaron" sandwich, the sweet potatoe fries were so bad & soggy even the waiter said, taste those & tell me if they are good before i said anything..they replaced & still were horrible..the bread tasted stale..there was literally a smidge of cole slaw instead of actually having cole slaw on the sandwich..it was just horrible..i wasted my time & my apetite on junk..oh ya plus $25 for a bad time!

ps: the place is looking pretty run down & didn't smell too good inside (which another reviewer also mentioned)

i'm not sure if management changed or what.....how ever the service was good & the manager came to ask me if the food was good after the waiter told her about the fries being so bad, but i just said, yes all is good thanks...didn't want to sit and complain!
As a person that grew up in NYC I can tell you that whatever it is they think they serve is nothing but delusion on a plate.
Not to mention this was my THIRD time to go there after giving it more than one chance. Let's start with the food - maybe at one point when they were first founded it was done with care but now it seems like the cooks do not really want to come into work. The "turkey Ruben" was basically a hunk of old turkey soaked in grease and put on hard as a rock bread that was brought back to life with more grease before adding butter and toasting the minerals out of it, add a slice of American cheese and a hand full of cole slaw that was thrown in the air and whatever landed on the sandwich stayed, $11 for that is a disgrace. I returned it as I was just appalled by such disrespect for food, the manager came out what must have been 15 minutes later to "talk" to me - that turned into him arguing and yelling at me before leaving the area and slamming the door. Into service - every time I have been there it was usually empty to medium business and without fail it takes about 45 minutes to get the appetizer every time. Now you'd think it would be fresh and piping hot - nope, it was luke warm at best and had a microwave taste to it. If I was at some coney in south Phoenix I wouldn't care but in Scottsdale and for $40... Not gonna happen.
Chompie's is a well known, NY style restaurant & bakery, so I'm not breaking any new ground here... but as an ex-New Yorker living in Southern California, it was a natural for me to want to try it while on vacation with my family in Scottsdale, AZ.

We stopped off twice during the week... once for lunch and a second time for breakast before driving out of town  (because we liked it so much).  

LUNCH:
First off I have to compliment them on having HALF-SOUR PICKLES on the tables.  I miss this from delis back in NY.  It's hard to find them on the west coast.  For lunch my wife ordered their famous sliders (yes, the ones on the Man vs. Food challenge) although she only ate one of them.  They were very tasty though.  I had the Pastrami Reuben which I liked very much.  My mother-in-law had some Matzah ball soup... to be honest I didn't care for that very much... (and yes, I grew up with it and know good matzah ball soup). My daughter had the sauteed perogies which were very good too.  My sons had burgers.... they liked them, but then again, they're just burgers.  We also had a side of onion straws which were OK.  Overall the food was good though.

We also picked up some bagels, knishes and italian pastries for the hotel room since we were going to be there all week.  The deli counter looked fantastic: more pickles, cream cheese spreads, fish (salmon & whitefish) and salads.... as well has hebrew national salamis.  I felt like I was almost back in NY.  The bagels were good...but then again, after spending the past 8 years out of New York... any bagel had to be better then what I get in California.  I had a potato & onion knish later that night... it was awesome.  Just like in a new york kosher deli.

BREAKFAST:
We came back on Saturday morning for breakfast.  breakfast sliders, bagels & lox, pancakes, etc.  All were very good.  My "All Salmon" bagel (with cream cheese, lox & nova, capers, onions & tomato) hit the spot.  Very good. 

My ONLY complaint is that we sat in the back room.  It had an awesome mural on the wall of some of the great New York Yankees (which I LOVED) ... From right to left was Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris, Reggie Jackson and Don Mattingly.....  My complaint?  Where's JOE DiMAGGIO??  Really?  Ok.  A very minor gripe from a true Yankee fan. :)

Man Vs. Food:  
Adam Richman was here for the "Ultimate Slider Challenge".  He didn't win.  But there is a small wall towards the back of the restaurant which is the "Wall of Fame".  I took a pic of my youngest son there as he LOVES that show and always thinks that HE can win the challenge.  Maybe someday.... but there was no way he was going to eat all those sliders. 

Bottom line?  Chompies is a must stop in Scottsdale.
Had a good sandwich with good ingredients.
I've ordered breakfast at many places.. but Chompie's blows them all out of the water! I absolutely love their french toast! My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it. They have fantastic lunch and dinner, too. And the best thing is that Chompie's is reasonably priced. 

Please don't read too much into reviews with people complaining about any 'bad service' they've received. Sure, it happens sometimes. It happens every where, in fact. That is inevitable. But I think you're better off trying out Chompie's for yourself. I think you'll be glad you did!
I had been very curious about trying Chompies and when I saw Man vs. Food I knew I had to go. The Jewish sliders were good, not great. The brisket was tender and the bun was soft, yet I was still looking for something to make it worth the small fortune I paid for this lunch. The carrot cake is exceptional! I will go back for the bakery definitely, and maybe for the deli. I would like to try the corned beef or pastrami.
I want to clarify that the Tatum and Cactus location is great, but this one really needs help. First, the service was horrendous. Young people who are clueless as far as serving goes.  Is this a training location for their employees???? Come on, folks. And...vacuuming the carpet while customers are eating is just gross. Going back to the bathroom, I noticed a stench and a big hole in the ceiling. What is going on with this location??? Thirty minutes after eating, I had to visit the bathroom with urgency. This is unacceptable for a Chompies. Get with the *&^(%(!  program folks.
The food here is good basic Jewish deli food.  I especially love their bagels but, had to walk out tonight as five people behind the counter couldn't get to me in over 15 minutes.  I was second in line.  They were NOT busy at 8pm.  The people in line with me were not happy either.  Ill be back tomorrow for some more bagels.  Maybe I will have a better experience.
Food:
-Ogre portions of everything
-Chicken noodle matzo ball soup, tasted like standard chicken noodle soup; I didn't know what to do with half of a matzo softball after I ran out of soup
-Reuben, tasty, stacked high with about 20 layers of red meat, looked like a giant piece of brick on the side
-Latkes, boring potato patties
-Sweet potato fries, they don't make in house, too soggy/bland on the side


Service:
-A little slow bringing out the food, pretty standard in general


Reason for the high rating- SUPERB issue resolution:
I found a piece of eyelash/hair or something in the sour-cream and had the waiter bring the whole plate of latkes back, didn't really think about it twice since it wasn't a big deal after the waiter said he'd take it off our bill. Two additional things happened next-
1. The hostess came over to hour table moments later, telling us that she heard about the incident, apologized, reassured us that their kitchen is in compliance with health inspection standards, etc., unexpected but nice gesture
2. The waiter apologized again for the kitchen mishap, and told us they took 50% off our entire bill, for that one piece of eyelash I found in my sour-cream side... ABOVE and BEYOND.
My girlfriend Anna and I LOVE this place.  We've been here twice before and will be here many times in the future.  Anna is from New York and she can attest this is the closest thing AZ has to a NY deli.  Huge, delicious portions.  YUM!
Good food. We mostly go for omelets and skillets for breakfast. At lunch there are giant sandwiches, good salads but also interesting entrees. This is sort of a Jewish deli but not exactly. Interesting bagels and some interesting ethnic dishes. Service is usually not an issue.
There's something really magical about a genuine Jewish deli. It's huge and filled with great halvah candies and black/white cookies--what's not to love? Their menu, and consequently their portions, is humongous. When I entered the deli, I glowed like a child in a candy store. Substitute candy for grease, of course.

So why the 3 stars? Just like a kid who overdoses on sugar, I certainly got a week's worth of grease in just one bite of my meal. I ordered a Montecristo sandwich (my fav) and they somehow turned it into a cube of oil. My hands were glowing with grease and I could feel my body cursing me for subjecting it to that sandwich.

As happy and excited as I was to enter the restaurant, I felt equally shitty when I was done with the meal.

Distinguishing factor: Menu and portions that will certainly rival your appetite. You won't leave hungry.
Although I think on some level the atmosphere (how many Jewish delis are there in the Phoenix area?) and mammoth proportions somewhat overshadow how good the food at Chompie's actually is, at the end of the day this is a solid restaurant with good food.

I have only been to this location one or two other times prior to this last visit (and it/they were both a LONG time ago), but I have been to the Tempe one from time to time when I'm in town for a visit & despite the different layouts (for some reason this one "feels" more like a Jewish deli), the food & service at both locations are similar.

I don't like pickles at all, but it's nice that they put them out at your table like some restaurants do w/bread, chips/salsa, etc...

The menu here is HUGE and breakfast is served all day, which I like. Last time I was here I had a chorizo & cheese omelet, and it came w/home fries (I think I could have substituted them for fruit or cottage cheese, but I was on vacation) and a bialy (can substitute w/bagel, English muffin, or toast). This was a TON of food. The omelet & homes fries were a bit greasy, but hey, they were good. I do LOVE that Chompie's serves bialies! 

The service here can be a bit slow, but nothing TOO much worth complaining about. At the end of the day Chompie's is a solid spot.
I have enjoyed meals at three of the four Chompie's locations in the Phoenix area.  I went this evening with a group of friends and family to the Chompie's location in Scottsdale.  Our table was ready for us very quickly and we were able to order quite soon after we sat down.  We needed to ask for water refills though to give them credit, we did have a large group and it was not always clear exactly what we were needing.  

As for food itself, there are some wonderful deals on the menu from combo meals to other daily specials.  I ordered the Soup, Sandwich, and Slaw deal.  I ordered the half sandwich as pastrami and the soup as chicken noodle soup.  Both appeared quite appetizing though they both ended up being only luke warm.  The food was still "a-okay."  This has not been my typical experience at the Paradise Valley or Tempe Chompie's, which is why I still gave this rating 3 stars.  As this is my only experience in years at this particular location, I wanted to clarify my reasoning. 

I still recommend Chompie's, especially for Jewish holidays such as Passover or Rosh Hashanah.  I also love the bakery and all that it has to offer.
Tried this place for breakfast food and it was tasty.  ALL of the food looks great as it is being carried past our table. I will go back.
6/6/13
* Update*
Have been going in steady for the past few weeks to get my morning bagel. The usual gal's that help me are always friendly and prompt. Today, one of the regulars got my bagel ready, but a different person rang me up. Charged me more than what I've been getting charged. When I questioned, the person got offended and would hear nothing of it, just kept quoting me the new price. If I'd been getting some special price for the past few weeks, how was I to know, I was just paying what I'd asked, now I get a 33% increase and am not supposed to question it? 

I'm just asking for some courtesy and consistency. 

*************

The food is good as are the portion sizes but the prices are high. service leaves a little to be desired. 

Stopped in today for a bagel and coffee. Ordered an untoasted bagel with light veggie cream cheese, received a toasted with plain. Was not busy, the counter person just flat out ignored my request.  Don't even think of calling the dark water they serve, coffee. Weakest cup of Joe I've had in the Valley.
Okay, I might have been a tad harsh after several bad experiences two years ago!  

One of their waitresses moved back to Europe, and things kind of went down hill for a while. We have been back to this location several times and the service has been improving.  Today is a good example.  I came by for a Baker's Dozen around noon time. It was a madhouse! Folks standing everywhere waiting to be seated. 

But, I was in and out within ten minutes or so.  David was directing traffic from behind the counter and doing a very good job.  BTW, it was only $9.42 for those thirteen bagels/ bialys!  So, so much better than the ones at Fry's and almost as good as New York Bagels 'N Bialys.

The major drawback continues to be their slower period around dinner time.  Like I said it's getting better. I guess if you've been on your feet for 5/6 hours and things slow down; you look for an opportunity to catch your breath.  

The food is very good, lets say Four Stars.  Service is Three Stars-ish.  And that New York kvetching?  Priceless!

Enjoy!
All I can say is how nice it is to have a true deli restaurant so close to home when I'm so far away from home (Chicago).  Whether you're in the mood for breakfast (served ALL DAY), lunch (sandwiches) or dinner (entrees), Chompie's has the best breakfasts, best sandwiches (the corned beef sandwich will give you enough meat to make another 2-3 sandwiches), and best home cooked entrees I've ever eaten at a deli.  Plus, their matzo ball soup is TO DIE FOR!!!  Big, soft balls just like my grandma used to make!
Being a former "New Yawka" I treasure my NY deli food.  With that being said, Chompie's used to be the only game in town.  This review is specific to the Scottsdale location. I would go back to the PV Mall location, but I'm all finished with the Scottsdale/Shea location.  The 4 of us went to eat, it was NOT busy. Our waiter, who had NO personality attempted to take our order. I asked for a corned beef on Kaiser roll. He told me they were 50 cents extra. I asked if he could please show me on the menu, where it said that, since it was not obvious to me and I couldn't see it.  I honestly didn't care about the 50 cents.  He said he doesn't know where on the menu it said that, but he knew it was there.  Ok, fine, I ordered my kaiser roll, prepared  to pay the additional cost, since that's how I like my sandwich.  I got up to take a walk over to the bakery, while our food was being prepared.  The manager, who was on duty that night, came up to my husband at our table and basically shoved the menu in HIS face to show him where it said there was an additional charge for kaiser rolls.  So when I got back from the table, he pointed it out to me. I then, took it upon myself to go up to the manager AND the server and I told them I was sorry, I wasn't trying to be petty, but my husband showed me where it said the additional charge on the menu. I apologized and told them I just couldn't find it, since it wasn't THAT obvious.  Well the freakin manager LAUGHED at me after I apologized!  Are you KIDDING me? How many restaurants actually have a customer who says they are sorry and then you are going to laugh at me? Apparently they have no idea that YELP is my newest obsession! I will NEVER go back to this location...EVER!  There are WAY better NY deli's in town now. Watch out Chompie's.....you have some new competition....thankfully!
Great food, average service.
It has to be eons since we've been to Chompie's for Sunday brunch, or any other meal for that matter. When we first moved to Scottsdale seven and half years ago, Chompie's was our go-to place . . . it didn't matter if we wanted breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Personally, I could eat breakfast for all my meals anyway so Chompie's fits the bill perfectly for me. But we tired of it after probably four years and thousands upon thousands of calories . . . so we gave it a rest, a two and a half year rest. And the funny thing is . . . now having gone back for brunch, I think I could put Chompie's back on our regular go-to rotation.

Some things have changed since we were last there, but all for the good . . . new upholstery, new look to the menu, new carpet . . . but the same faces are still there . . . and the good old standby items are still on the menu . . . Service on this particular Sunday at 11 am was brisk, polite, friendly. The coffee refills came on time without even asking. If I had any complaints, it was that the napkins are a little thin for such huge and sometimes messy meals and they neglected to set out place with knives.  

My French omelet was divine, cooked perfectly.  I asked for the onions to be almost overcooked and they were, and my eggs were soft. If there is the slightest bit of brown on my omelet, it's a minus sign in my book. I usually can't finish a 3-egg omelet, but this was so delicious, I almost finished it -- okay, I left one bite. The home fries were also yummy, some a little charred, just the way I like it.  My hubby had the Long Island Expressway Skillet which came with plenty of Nova Lox, cheese, mushrooms, onions, scallions and potatoes. Loved it!

As were were approaching the restaurant an older couple in a car rolled down the window, said they were from out of town visiting and asked where Goldman's was located . . . I said, you are in Chompie's parking lot, stay here, you'll love it . . . it's an experience!

Somehow I made it past the bakery without buying a thing! Everything looks so pretty. They even have high-heel shoe pastry.  That was new to me! I'm sure we'll be back soon and I won't be able to control my urges.

Thanks, Chompie's, for reminding me of what I was missing . . .
I am annoyed. 

Let me be clear, I've purchased dozens of bagels from this Chompies and they're always good. Big, fluffy with a little exterior crunch. The ordering process is simple and quick and the price is low.

Yet, I am annoyed. I came in this late morning for a breakfast sammich. I ordered an everything bagel, toasted with a fried egg and sausage. I don't get down with the cheese. I get my sammich home and open it up and am immediately annoyed. Hence, why I'm annoyed. 

I will attach a photo, but allow me to describe. The bagel is burnt on the inside edges, like Black. The egg is overcooked, not hot and runny like it should be. And the sausage is literally the size of a silver dollar. It BARELY covers half the bagel. I mean, come on. I ate most of it, but it was dry, with no salt or pepper or any seasoning beside the bagel itself. The sausage tasted like nothing. So annoying. 

I will continue to buy bagels from Chompies, but I will never order anything else. 

And some old lady cut me in line after hovering over my shoulder for five minutes. Back off lady! Grrr.
Wow! I was at Mayo today and the RN recommended this place! Best breakfast ever! Hot and tasty and quick service. Can't wait to visit again! New York style food plus a fantastic bakery inside! Yumm! Way to go!
One star for the decent but waaaaaay overpriced turkey which to go.  No stars for the rudeness of the quote service unquote.  AN obvious trend here, talk back to overpaying customers about the price of a side soup and by no means thank anyone for their business.  Was so angry, had to walk out.  young female server at the counter....learn some manners.  I will never return to this joke of a deli.
went in for liver and herring for the holidays.Also some bagels. It was almost like I was being punked  as everyone ignored me. After painful begging  my friend and I got the holiday stuff we paid and went home. (Ok...no one there is at all friendly. Not helpful. The girl checking me out mumbled so badly we could not understand her. She then said something rude as I did not respond correctly to her mumbles..LOL)
....got my bagel box home and someone screamed...look at this 13 perfectly uncooked round balls. Slightly brown on the top and you could put your finger through the center.Now in the trash..
no response to my email to the company. Oh I know I should have returned them but an hour to Shea to be treated rudely was not happening.
Never will go there again. Zero stars...one to get on but you know it is zero
I'm giving it one extra star because they offer gluten free hamburger buns, rolls & bagels. That is a huge plus in my book. I ordered a mile-high turkey sandwich on a gluten free roll and my boyfriend ordered a burger on a gluten free bun (he's not gluten free, but ordered it that way so I could try it too). The gluten free bun & roll are quite small compared to non-gluten free selections. Especially on the burger...his burger patty was at least twice the size as the bun! And we both found the gluten free bun & roll to be on the stale side. They were very crumbly, which is usually an indication that they're old. They make their own gluten free baked goods here which is pretty awesome, but it was unfortunate that we didn't get them fresh. But nonetheless, we were happy with our lunch.
Ample portions for breakfast special, but pancakes were dense.  Big bakery and seems to be popular with locals.
In my quest to find the best pastrami-on-rye in the Valley, Chompie's is a natural choice as it's probably the most famous -- if not the oldest -- Jewish deli around.  I ordered my usual sampling of a full sandwich with mustard and cole slaw, this time to go.  Would you believe me when I tell you that the price displayed on the cash register was ... wait for it ... $14.15?  Seriously.

"Uhm," said I, "let's go with a half instead."  This approached $9.00.  

But this was the tastiest of the four places I've thus far sampled.  Although I very much appreciated the "clean" taste of the nicely lean meat at Goldman's, Chompie's pastrami is warm and fatty and served on the best rye yet.  Yum.  And the bread actually tastes like rye, not white bread with caraway seeds. And it holds together nicely.  The crust is actually crusty with a cornmeal crunch.

Although lacking in flavor distinction, the pickle was nonetheless "bright" - obviously freshly made.

Well played, Chompie's.  After I finish my pastrami sandwich survey, I MIGHT be back.  But I just can't see awarding four stars for an almost $15 sandwich, nice as it is.
Best bakery in town! Feels like new York
Have you ever had a rainbow cookie? No? well you haven't tasted heaven. Go to the bakery counter, ask for a rainbow cookie, just do it. 

I grew up in Long Island and have been living in various west coast cities for the last 5 years and nowhere makes me feel as at home as Chompie's does. Every time I'm there, I just feel so nostalgic and wish I could have everything on the menu displayed on the table in front of me as if my mom had just made way too much food for the holiday. Regardless of how awesome everything on the menu is, I will always order a Reuben. Sometimes if I'm feeling crazy I'll get the Reuben that has the coleslaw on it. Pastrami piled high, the perfect marble rye...I'm salivating right now. I am obsessed with the pickles they put on the table and the fried Matzo balls and can't say any bad things about this place. 

It's rare you find a restaurant that can remind you of your childhood and make you feel giddy like you just discovered some kind of secret that no one else knows about. Thank's for being awesome and making me feel like I have a piece of my NY home in Scottsdale Chompie's.
Anytime I am on Shea, I am here. Great food. True Jewish deli. Servings are large. I've ordered a wide variety off of the menu, everything from the lox to basic breakfast fare, soup, sandwiches,... and I've loved it all. Service is friendly. If they upgraded the outside eating area with misters and more shade, that would be a bonus. After you've realized you have zero room for dessert, don't forget to walk through the bakery display. I guarantee you will be leaving with a little something for later.
Not too busy at lunch time which is great for me since I'm usually on call at the hospital. The food here is tasty and fresh. The wait staff is very personable and did I mention the free pickles?
Went for breakfast on a Saturday morning with my husband and 14 month old son. The restaurant is large and clean. We were seated right away and the host brought us a highchair right away as well. (You'd be surprised at how often that gets neglected when we go out so I appreciate it!) He also asked if our son would like crayons and brought a kids menu for him to color. Thanks again!

The breakfast menu is EXTENSIVE! I ordered the Breakfast of Champions: 2 pancakes, eggs, and turkey sausage. We ordered the kid's french toast for my son and my husband ordered the Chompie's Breakfast Sliders. We were all happy with our food. My husband's breakfast sliders were huge and looked delish! My only complaint was that the middle of my pancakes were still doughy, but other than that the food was good. The server was very attentive and pleasant and everything was reasonably priced. We'll definitely be back!
While Chompie's is supposed to be representative of a NY deli, who knew they would have the BEST blueberry pancakes AND I can get them any time of day. There have been more than one occasion where I order blueberry pancakes and coffee for dinner. Highly recommend trying the pancakes, will not disappoint. Oh! And the short stack is HUGE!
For an exNew Yorker, this is fabulous, my fav is Lovey's breakfast consisting of smoked salmon on top of sour cream & latkes topped w a mixture of cucumbers, onions, tomatoes & capers.  The cheese blitzes are also perfect.  The service is inconsistent - that's frustrating but wouldn't stop me from many return visits.
I always enjoy breakfast at Chompie's! We try to make it at least a couple times a month for a family outing and are never disappointed.  My kids love the Mickey Mouse pancakes and my wife does the gluten free pancakes.  I usually get one of the mouth watering omelets. Yum!!!
I had to go to Payson and meet a buddy for work, he asked for me to stop at Chompies (Scottsdale) and get a corned beef on rye and a side of slaw. It sounded good so I called the order (for 2) into Paul, he asked me to give it 10 minutes, I gave him 30.
Went in, order not ready, in fact never placed, so I waited. First I paid, 2 sandwiches and a 2 sides of cole slaw, $33.00
Immediately I thought they placed an order for 4 sandwiches, nope 2. Since my buddy asked for them , I bit my tongue and proceeded to pay. 
When I received the plate, 2 cole slaw (plastic cup the size of a silver dollar) and 2 sandwiches that were about 3 inches high. I first assumed when paying for these special meals the meat would be piled very high, but no. Oh yes, and I got 2 slivers of pickles, limpy and very tasteless. Corned beef, not good, rye bread was ok, lots of holes allowing mustard to squize out everywhere and the cole slaw, just ok.
This isnt NYC or SF, $15.00 for a BS sandwich?
I know the word Jewish deli comes with all the other reviews, sorry, from New York, this place is a poor example of a Jewish deli.
After returning from Isreal i decided to try an Isreali specialty at C's: chicken schnizel. C's cs was not as tasty but also not as greasy. We also had corned beef and asked for lean. Out it came fatty and grizzly and had to be sent back. To make up for that we were offered a small box of ruggela and other treats. Very good snd very nice of the management to want to make our experienc a positive one. The best was the brisket!!!
Went in for their 34th anniversary customer appreciation day. Had the Jewish sliders. If this is the way this dump celebrates its customers, count me out. What a joke.  Bland, crowded, unreasonably priced... No bueno.
I love Costco for selling discounted gift cards for Chompie's....that means more food for less money!  We come here often, so those discounted gift cards are perfect.  A few of my fav's that I get here:

Texas Longhorn Burger, $12.79
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=8iuxMT4uUB2zBYVJaJGlQQ#8iuxMT4uUB2zBYVJaJGlQQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=eb3o9Un6ucvm2g4Rt7NAxg#eb3o9Un6ucvm2g4Rt7NAxg

Chipotle Ranch Burger, $11.29
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=05npArFRm9AnNoKwDI3bBQ#05npArFRm9AnNoKwDI3bBQ

Western Sliders, $9.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=mosYOCNO5Z1XePBPqNW9_g#mosYOCNO5Z1XePBPqNW9_g

Fried Matzo Balls, $5.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=AjDtxR9er8FIR1I-cVOJtA#AjDtxR9er8FIR1I-cVOJtA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=FI7-9dXGNoFWfjh45rLJDg#FI7-9dXGNoFWfjh45rLJDg

Chicago Hot Dog, $6.69
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=fvuA5Q0ADFrXipgn3QmWXA#fvuA5Q0ADFrXipgn3QmWXA

Delancey Street aka Grandma Sadie's Meatloaf, $11.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=l_EZD9FErVmgQo9UghVpwA#l_EZD9FErVmgQo9UghVpwA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=sI-JBWHTXCPiinH2gThKcA#sI-JBWHTXCPiinH2gThKcA

These entrees are all awesome...and huge portions too, so bring a big appetite.

The joint can get busy on the weekends, so we prefer to come during the weekdays when it's slower.

Thanks to Man vs Food for introducing me to this place!  

Return Factor - 100%
I can't comment on the sit down portion of the restaurant, but it's a great place to stop in and get bagels. The bagels are definitely better quality then your average bagel place, and they have a nice variety of toppings for them. I ordered a veggie delight, and while I wish it had had more avocado, it had the right portions of everything else. My friend also had a great idea to get a few sides of breakfast potatoes to accompany the bagels. The home fries were awesome, sauted with onions with the perfect amount of seasoning. Warning though, anything coming from the actual restaurant takes much longer than just getting a bagel, and the portions are huge!
Good experience here on my first real visit. I still don't care for the bagels, but this meal was quite tasty. Not worried about prices here because Pastrami and Corned Beef are usually  13 bucks or so. The carnegie is even more, but they stack the meat way higher than Chompies, so that should be one thing that needs work. The pastrami was good, not the best ever, not as crumbly as some other true NY pastrami I have had before. The matzoh ball soup I had to try was an extra $2.99 for a bowl, which was a good deal. The matzoh ball was large and tasted great and the soup had all the stuff you need - noodles, chicken and carrots. The bagel chip that came with it with stale though. I also liked the free pickles pre-meal (in NY, you also get cole slaw) and I liked that you could sub fries for free instead of slaw or potato salad. It's a better deal because the salads are served in a small portion. Nice waiter also and a pretty good operation over at this location. On the way out I grabbed a $2.25 cookie with sprinkles and some chocolate in the middle which was very fresh. Good meal for a picky ex-new yorker.
I don't get the hype. 
We went for the customer appreciation day. It's just another over priced, no flavor, place. I was extremely disappointed.  You couldn't even pay me to go back there.
The one great thing-- the employees were very nice.
Breakfast of champions.  This is my staple for a great breakfast or bagels and I always take out of town guests here.
In town for 2 days, went to breakfast here 2 days, because it's my dad's favorite place.  First day I ordered savory - got latkes with poached eggs. Both were done very well -the eggs were poached medium, exactly as I had asked.  2nd day I got the bobka french toast...which is basically the crumb topping on a coffee cake, but on top of your french toast instead.  Freakin' delicious, I tell ya.  The menu is huge, there were 5 of us ordering very different items, and everyone was very happy with the 10 selections over the 2 days we came.  Service was great both days.  Two negatives: the portions are ridiculous - I asked if I could order a half portion the next time I came and the server said no; and they don't have good coffee - no capuccino - but the server on the first day was very sweet and said we were welcome to bring something in from the Starbucks (okay-not good coffee but better than the coffeepot weak coffee) which we could see right out the window in the shopping center.  She also seemed frustrated that they couldn't offer that option. So I like her for that :-)
I went to Chompie's twice in one week, as I am sans-kitchen and it is nearby. I went the first time for lunch, had the pastrami sandwich (half) and the second for dinner and had the cobb salad. For the price of the sandwich and a drink, $14, I did not think it was worth it at all. The pastrami was nothing special and for a NYC style deli (yes I have been to many in NYC and out) the size did not even come close to what I expected. My second experience was much better. I paid less this time and got a huge cobb salad with an abundance of toppings. From the other orders I saw, and the price variations this place really depends on how hungry you are and what you are prepared to pay. Over all service was very friendly, no complaints there!
During a gentle weekend trip to Scottsdale, fellow Yelpers Victoria G. and Kami C. sang praises about Chompie's. I was instantly obsessed/overwhelmed with the carbs overload upon walking in. I settled on an everything bagel with lox and cream cheese. And the three of us split what was easily 3 pounds of the home fries. Our eyes were hungrier than our stomachs. We were on a strict potato-heavy diet for the next 2 days. I hope to do it again very soon.
A NY style Deli with an entire gluten free menu. I'm pretty sure I died and went to Heaven. Sadly though, I was too hungry the morning we came here, and they actual made homemade gluten free waffles, but I was not feeling it that morning. :(

I went with an omelet and gf bagel which was still epic that I could have a bagel. 

They have every option you can possibly imagine and as usual, huge portions. But for a very reasonable price. I wasn't hungry until dinner time. 

Def a cool place to check out for good eats.
Love this place... often go on a Tuesday before I go to chorus rehearsal, and knowing I'm going to sing later helps me (usually...) not eat too much.  The last time I went I had the Monte Cristo which was huge and wonderful. It is one of those weird sandwiches with ham, jam, and the bread is fried with powdered sugar on top. Sweet & savory in one go! I had to eat it with a knife and fork because it was way too huge to try and pick up with my hands.  I ate about a quarter of it at that time, took the rest to go.. had about 1/4 of it after chorus, and then finished the rest the next morning driving back down to Tucson... I thought it held up quite well!

I love that that give you a plate of pickles to 'chomp on' while you look at the menu and wait to order.  

They boil their bagels, and according to my friend who used to run a bagelry in Tucson, that is the best! 

Since going there, my diet is changing to plant-based and low-wheat options, and I know their menu can accommodate many "XYZ-Free" diets/lifestyles, so am looking forward to seeing what I will have next time.
This review is for their breakfast.  The menu is just way too large, as it took me twice as long to choose something.  But you can't say they don't have variety - you name it, they got it!  I had the apple pancakes and they didn't disappoint!  Portions are large.  Service is very good.  

Apparently Ike Davis frequents this place, so if you're a Mets fan, that's a plus.  NY style deli?  I didn't see any taylor ham/pork loin on the menu!
First, I want to say from my experience, Chompie's food is very good. Not excellent, but very good.  The service, on the other hand was very poor.  Chompie's is a bit on the expensive side. If there service was good, I might accept that but with poor service, I can't give it higher than 2 stars. 

I went to the bakery during lunchtime on Sept. 13th. It was busy so I waited in line like everyone else. As I moved along in line I was asked for my order which included a few bagels, some cookies and a takeout sandwich.  So I'm pulled out of line by one lady who want to ring up my order at this cash register at the stat of the line, not at the end of the line where you usually pay.  I start to take out my wallet and she tells me credit card only, if I want to pay with cash,  I have to get back in line and wait for the OTHER cash register.  O.K. I give her my credit card to pay, but I'm thinking that was annoying. 

She tells me my takeout order will be ready soon. It was a simple bagel sandwich.  So I wait, and wait, and wait. 15 minutes later I ask the lady for the status of this, and it turns out the lady never sent the order to the kitchen so of course its not going to be done.  5 more minutes and its finally done.

They need to get a bit more organized and provide better service, or I can tell you I will never be back.  There are too many other good places around to deal with one that couldn't care less about my business.
My wife and I felt like a good pastrami sandwich after a late appointment.  The service was ok but they were out of half-sour pickles and the hot pastrami was cold pastrami and it tasted like it had been sitting in the kitchen for awhile.  We told the waitress and she offered us a piece of cake or a cookie as a response.  We've been patronizing them for years, usually for a bowl of soup for lunch.  Tonight was the worst meal I've ever had there!.  We will not be back!
This place is overrated, over priced and over sized! The sandwich I had today had no flavor and was not made how I asked. I will not be visiting this place again.
my fiance and I absolutely love Chompie's Deli .... this one is not nearly as busy as the location in Tempe, which is definitely nice.  This one, instead of the 18-22 year old clientele, is definitely the senior citizen location :) They still have a deli, take-out, and sit-down options, along with a full bar :) I cannot go without getting the Jewish sliders ... they are just too good!!!
I've been eating at chompies for something like 20+ years and my last experience there was so awful. I will never return. I picked up a to go order for my sick mother and when I got home several things were missing and/or wrong. When I called chompies to let them know about the errors the person on the phone attempt to blame me for their mistakes. I asked for the manager who was also useless, he too blamed me for the problems with the order. Putting pastrami rather than corn beef on my Ruben is not my fault. Nor is forgetting to put the matzo balls in the matzo ball soup. Stay away at all costs. The staff and management are horrendous!
Sadly, I much prefer the Chompies in Chandler, AZ over the Scottsdale location.  Having been to Scottsdale one three times and all three I have been let down but none more than today.

Breakfast on Saturday at 10:30 AM. and surprisingly, or maybe not, we got a table for two immediately.  Ray was our server and he immediately appeared with water and a very cheerful attitude.  The menu here has A LOT to look at so we stated our drinks and he said he would return soon.  

After 15 minutes, he did return to take our order.  Now maybe because my husband was looking at the menu the whole time but not to pick anything only to kill time.  Ray walked past us several times in this 15 minutes (OK, I exaggerate, it was only 12 minutes) and never once looked at us to see if we were ready.  Only when I asked for some help, did Ray return.

I ordered the Fiesta Omelet.  Bad choice.  This was a pile of messy scrambled eggs with some black beans.  I specifically ordered no onions or sour cream and got the no sour cream part but it was slathered in onions.  Also, the menu states it comes topped with ranchero sauce and cheese and avocado - none of these items were found on the plate.  I did ask for avocado and Ray stated, "Oh, does it come with avocado?"

The meal was tasteless and after my annoyance of no cheese, hard to enjoy.  

We were ready to check out and again, I had to go get Ray and ask for our check.  Usually, or it has been in the last several visits to Chompies, a manager stops by to see if all is OK.  This time - nope.  Not one because I would have stated the problem.

Oh well... I'll just stick to the Chandler location now and won't order that omelet again.
The food, as always, was terrific. The service, however, was seriously lacking.  

We have never been for dinner, just breakfast and lunch.  We thought we would give it a try and we were excited to see it was not very full of patrons (if you go to Chompie's for breakfast, you know the controlled chaos that surrounds the dining room).  

It took forever to get our drinks ordered, and when we go our drinks our server dropped them and left before we could order our appetizer.  When we finally were able to order our server kept cutting us off.  

Our food came over a half hour after we ordered it, and well after 2 other tables that came in after us were served. I am convinced our server forgot to put in our order.

Then on the way out we stopped at the bakery.  It took close to 10 minutes to get someone to help us.  The night hostess had to go to the back and make someone come out and help us and another customer.

We will definitely go back for dinner, but I'm making sure we won't be in that servers section again.
Finally made it Chompie's after passing by it many times for work!

On service alone, I would give it 1 star for the waitress last night that kept looking at us but never came over until 5 minutes after we sat down. She barely even acknowledged us.

On to the food: about 3-3.5 stars. The husband and I got the Western sliders and the Jewish sliders. I really liked the Jewish sliders, although it is a very greasy / heavy meal. He really liked the Western sliders. According to him, the Tempe location is a lot nicer looking and has better service. I can't see myself craving Chompie's, but if I ever do, I'll be sure to go to Tempe.
Update:  The Chompies in Scottsdale sent us a gift card to apologize for our experience.  That was not necessary although we did accept and we used it last night.  We did go to the location near Chandler mall and had a wonderful meal and experience.  The hostess and wait staff were pleasant and the food was very delicious.
I have wanted to like Chompie's so much since I'd heard good things but most of my experiences have made this place mediocre, at best. 

There is seriously nothing-and I mean nothing-healthy on the menu. No vegetarian options, no whole wheat bread. Even the salads are all made with 90% iceberg lettuce even when advertised as "crisp greens". It's so easy to make a really good salad, I'm not sure why theirs suck so bad. On my most recent visit I got a bowl of split pea soup and it was probably the worst split pea soup I've ever had. Too salty and otherwise boring. 

The baked goods are pretty good, but it really depends on what you get. The bagels are not all that great, but the honey bran muffins are bomb. 

**Note: avoid visiting the University location which is riddled with loud, sometimes trashy college kids.
Bad bad bad
Service was so bad, that after 10 min in the cashier waiting to order to go, I just left.
And the place was not even that busy.
They need to learn how to run a deli.
Will never go back there!
This place is just ok. Food is mediocre and service is horrible. Why do they keep the mean old man behind the counter? He must either own the place or is related to someone that owns it because I can't imagine why someone would keep him employed. Lol. He's really rude-amazingly rude. Enough to drive me away.
My kids and I visited last year and got the Man Vs Food  brisket platter. There were 4 of us and we still couldn't finish it..lol, although we wanted too because it was so good.  We are planning to go back this week. We made a pact that everytime we are in AZ we will visit for their great food. Im not a brisket person but this deli has changed my mind/
Love the Jewish food here but the waits and medium customer service is disappointing. Definitely the best bagels in the area and great deli and breakfasts. Too bad they don't deliver.
LOVE the matzo ball soup and brisket sliders!  The bakery is extensive.
DOG IN THE RESTAURANT?!?!? What sort of place lets a non service dog into their restaurant where it jumps all over the table? I hope a health inspector got to see what we did! Used to come here every Sunday. Definitely will not be doing that anymore. And all of this pains me to say since I'm an AEPi alumni but that was just nasty.
You can never go wrong with Chompies! Everything on the menu is amazing!
Slow as hell for carry out.
love the Pastrami and Corned Beef!
Very disappointed by Chompie's today, it seems they have gone downhill in their food preparation in the last year or so.  The restaurant is also outdated and needs some fixing up.  The cheese blintzes which used to be authentic are not water down to a real sweet treat rather than what they used to be.  Their bagels, well they are not longer the original bagels they used to make they must be skimping on the flour and not boiling them as real bagels are boiled.  the fruit cup they give with breakfast is small and only about a mouthful when it used to be much bigger and the hashbrowns mixed with onions is way way salty avoid at all costs.  Will not be going back disappointed in the quality of food.  The service was great, but the food was not even 2 stars. Oh yeah they do charge 1.50 if you want real maple syrup with your hotcakes otherwise they give you syrup with high fructose corn syrup in it.
Place has great food! Service was slow due to how busy it was but well worth the wait.

Highly recommended place for breakfast!
I had a new experience today.  For the first time in my 4 decades of life, I left a restaurant without eating there because I was mad,  and it was this Chompie's.

I was actually looking for a location to host a Meetup group that I'm the organizer for.  I saw that Tuesday was "Kids Eat Free" night so my 2 1/2 year old son and I went to check it out.  It was a beautiful night and we wanted to sit outside.  The tables were all set up on the patio  but apparently the server did not want us to eat outside because she was training someone and it would make it harder.  Our hostess went and asked another server, who also was not able or willing to serve us outside.  So, our options were to eat inside or to get it as takeout and sit out on one of the picnic-like tables outside without service.  We elected for the takeout, even though it was not the most convenient thing in the world to juggle the food with a toddler clinging to my leg.

When I went to pay for the takeout, I was charged for the Kids Meal, too.  I brought up the "Kids Eat Free" and she said that was only for dining in, but she would ask the manager because of our circumstance.  She came back and said no, that the Kids Meal would not be free.  I think she was actually trying, the only person there I can say that about.

By that point, I was so annoyed that we went to Sprouts, got some nice, fresh strawberries, and went home, made our own sandwiches and opened a can of soup.  Probably healthier anyway, though I had been looking forward to trying the Reuben and the matzo ball soup.

I'd imagine they didn't care much because I was not a big ticket customer with one adult and a free Kids Meal.  But with that experience, there is absolutely no way I will go back, much less host a large group there.  I called Paradise Bakery and they have a room we can reserve if we have enough people.  Problem solved.
Came in for first time this morning before work. Actually rather giddy to try new chain, deli joint.

My hopes and spirit of ordering a nice LOX on bagel were crushed, however, when I literally stood at "Order Here" area for 5 or 7 minutes. I witnessed 4 staff members behind the bar (by deli case at far end) monkeying around. I totally understand if there's a deli crisis down there, but jeez - make eye contact w/me, tell me "one minute", or even "get lost" - something! Throw me a bone, Chompie's!

The guy behind me gave up and left. I hung in there for a few more minutes. Finally, I gave up as well, as it truly boiled down to: Erin being late for work w/a Lox Bagel and some unnecessary guilt, OR Erin being on time for work (something I do pride myself on...) sans any Lox or bagel w/a clean conscience. I chose the latter, obvi.

I may return or I may not. Disappointing.
I'm a fan of this place. It's basically the best deli in AZ, but then again, it's kind of the only big game in town. 

Their mile high sandwiches are my old standby. Love their meats! The matzo ball soup is also really good. If you like a deep fried monti cristo sandwich, they do that too. Last time we got the chicken livers as an appetizer, and I'd have to say that I like the stuff at Don & Charlie's a bit better. 

I've been going to this location for the over 15 years (they even catered my bar mitzvah back in 1996) and I don't think anything has changed. The mural on the wall is beginning to look like a time capsule. I think the only thing that frequently gets updated is the menu. They also have an interesting frequent diner thing now, but I haven't figured that out yet.

Get a cookie from the bakery before you leave because they're just as good as the food.
Great place to go for bagels, I personally think their food prices are high for what you get. The only reason why I won't go back is because the staff have always been rude when we were going there. If you don't order your bagel fast enough you get attitude.
Everytime I come here for our Sunday breakfast its always busy, but thats ok because it just shows that its good food that many people enjoy! I ordered there classic french toast for the second time and its perfect serving size, and its grilled to perfection. There coffee is good and reminds me like Im in NY! I'll definitely come here again and recommend it to all my friends and family!
We had to travel from Florida to Scottsdale to get good Jewish deli style food. We went on a Saturday morning and it was super busy. We waited about 20 minutes for a table. The parking lot is NUTS!!! Be careful driving around on a weekend. 

I had Neal's Deli Trio... big portions, super fresh, very tasty. Coffee delicious. 

Of course the desserts are nuts! :)  Bagels are the best you can find in the Phoenix area. I love the veggie cream cheese. 

I took one star off because it is so pricey. We spent a small fortune on "brunch".
So, the family has been here many times. Lately the smoked white fish is good. In the recent past it was dry and old. Be Very careful of the bakery. My sister got food poisoning from a pastry there. On the good side, the smoked fish is now much improved. Potato salad is my favorite--and I am from Manhattan. Half sour pickles are great too. I do like this place, but at times be careful.
LOVE Chompie's!!! Probably one of my favorite places in Scottsdale for casual eating.  My friend and I go every Saturday mornings after hiking with the dogs. Obviously since we bring the pups we sit outside. I have to say, I am shocked at reading about the terrible service. In the three years I have gone here at least once a week, we have never had terrible service. There is one waiter who I don't think likes serving the patio people (or maybe it's just us dog people) but everyone else is amazing. We're barely there for 5 min and they are out with water bowls for the dogs, coffee for me, and a diet coke for my friend. 

On to the food. It's thanks to Man vs Food, and my mom, that I found Chompie's. She had seen the episode and since I was moving to Phoenix, she wanted to try. Now every time she visits we have to go at least twice. She has gotten everything from french toast to reubens to chicken and waffles --  and she's loved it all. Her favorites are the sandwiches because they are enough food for 1-2 more meals!! Having celiac's disease, I have to go with what's on the GF menu, but I still love it. My go-to is the GD Bagel w/lox platter. It is so yummy and filling. The rare times I don't get that, I will get the reuben or GF waffles. The pups always get their plate of bacon.

Chompie's is now carrying a variety of GF deserts and pastries, which I love!! My non-gf friend and I will occasionally split a chocolate and peanut butter brownie. I'm lucky I have the dog or I would go in before I left and buy more for home.

Well that it is. We'll be at Chompie's with the danes tomorrow for our post hike brunch like we are every weekend!
I've been to Chompies in the past and this location has definitely stepped up their game. The breakfast sandwiches are some of the tastiest I have had in a long time, especially the spinach, swiss and egg white breakfast sandwich. The bagels taste like they were imported from NYC and all of the cream cheese is made in house. The blueberry cream cheese is particularly good, however they also have a salted caramel cream cheese that I am excited to try next time I nearby. The one thing I wish they would improve is their coffee. It is solid diner coffee, but nothing to write home about.
I was looking forward to trying this restaurant but was very disappointed. The food was ok. Not great. But it wS the service that surprised us. When we arrived the tables around us were full. Slowly people left and the dirty dishes were left on the tables. The wIt staff didn't lift a finger to clear the tables. Really unappetizing. Our waitress never came over to check on us. She just stood around talking with a friend. I spoke to the manager and asked why the wait staff left dirty dishes unattended and was told it wasn't their job. When I left, the tables still hadn't been cleared. Speaking with the manager was ineffective. I will never return.
Okay, I have a problem - I'm a corned beef hash addict!  I love their different selections of corned beef hash selections. Just had the corned beef hash omelet with cheddar cheese - my new favorite; but the corned beef hash benedict is also good. I've also had the corned beef hash skillet along with just the corned beef hash & eggs.  Now, if they did the sliders with corned beef hash; I might have to try...LOL!!! I love a lot of everything they have on the menu; and other items I have had are outstanding.  But, there is one item that has my heart is Corned Beef Hash!  Well also Bialys (just wish they had sesame bialy).

UPDATE: they do have corned beef hash sliders!!! I'll be on my way back soon!
Coming from Michigan which has one or two outstanding Deli's, Chompie's was a huge disappointment.  Their corned beef was lousy compared to Vienna brand.  Their prices are beyond ridiculous.  I will continue my search for a good Jewish Deli in Arizona.
I really don't want to give a bad review of this place, but they don't seem to have the same standards for the take-out orders that they do for their dine-ins.

Dine ins are great, the food is always excellent. 

I've been ordering take out lately and there's always been a problem with my order. 

I get the Cabo skillet with homefries, and they keep not including the salsa and sour cream condiments. Today, I didn't get the melted jack cheese on my skillet, which completely killed the meal for me and was the last straw, which is why I'm writing this review. 

They also made my home fries hash browns instead, which were underseasoned and undercooked .

Quite a shame because I get nothing but the cabo skillet and its usually been excellent without any of these problems when I dine in. 

I ordered a different skilled and asked for scrambled eggs, instead I got overcooked fried eggs which also killed the entree. 


I'm going to give them another chance next week, and if the same problem presists I'll probably stop eating here again.
They put so much cream cheese on the bagel that you can barely taste the bagel. And I'm okay with that.
I came up here with my parents and friends for a birthday dinner.  As always the food is excellent at all of their locations I've visited.  I love this spot because it is big, clean and the service was great.  I had one of their mile high corned beef sandwiches and it was killer.  We came on a Tuesday night and while it was busy, there was no wait to be seated or getting your food & drinks.  My 2 favorite delis in the country are Chompie's here in Phoenix and Jerry's Deli in L.A.  If you are in town, you have to stop in.  You won't leave hungry.
I had been going here for about 7 years now, and only now have decided to review the place. I have 2 reasons for the 2-star review: Price, and service. Wife and I had breakfast, and the bill came to about 38 bucks. C'Mon Man! Really? For what? Wasn't like it was steak and eggs, anything mega-fancy, etc. And, we asked for re-fills on the ice teas, and actually had to get up, go to the drink station ourselves and grab our own re-fills after waiting ten minutes. Then, after breakfast, my Wife wanted to get a few bakery items, and it was like pulling teeth to try and get someone to help us... When they weren't even that busy. Bottom line is that I don't mind spending money when you get what you pay for, but overpriced, mediocre food, combined with BAD service, makes me think I shall not be returning here any time in the near future.
Manager contacted me via Yelp and committed to address my concerns.  Still not happy with prices but you have to admire active management.  Upgraded from 1 to 3 stars.  


My previous review:

Way to expensive for Jewish peasant food!  Will not return until prices come down!!! Ridiculous $21 for Bagel and smoked fish!!!  Criminal!  The waitress was the ONLY bright spot.  Resting on their laurels!!
The year: 2010.
  
The episode: "Phoenix."

The Man: Adam Richman, himself.

The Challenge: Chompie's "The Ultimate Slider Challenge."

...12 Original Jewish Sliders: each one brisket-filled and gravy-drizzled, stacked as well with mini potato pancakes, Jack cheese, and onion strings.  Knock this 5-pound nemesis on its ass within 30 short minutes, and you rule the stoop, my friend!  Myself, I don't entertain delusions: I'm weak.  I didn't even consider the Challenge.  Instead, I ordered the Combo.  And after tearing through an incredibly tasty two, alongside a cup of Matzo Ball soup, I was full.  Adam, however, he Manned-up!  Sadly, though, after a hard-fought battle, he--as many have before him--ultimately threw in the towel. The Challenge, it seemed, proved too hefty.  Food had won.

...However, if one, brave soul decides to accept this heaping challenge ($39.95) and conquers this plattered beast, it's free.  But not only that: upon winning, you will be forever immortalized on Chompie's "Hall of Fame" website (http://chompies.com/wall-of-fame/) and an "Ultimate Slider Challenge" T-shirt awaits you and your bragging self!! You bad!!  (By the way, there's no California representation on that website, zero, none, not one, nada...  Who'll step up?

This having been my first time to Chompie's, I was truly impressed!  A Yelp check-in offer allowed for a free bagel from their awesome deli/bakery; our very cool server, Trudy, brought out a few, free cookie samples for this first-timer; and our just-as-cool host made lunch suggestions, which we ordered verbatim.  As promised, those Sliders were "deli-icious."  And the Matzo Ball and Chicken soup hit the spot.  But I couldn't leave...not yet.  As full as I was, I couldn't head back to CA without first trying the carrot cake, could I?  I mean, you don't blame me, right?

So, "Man vs Food"...  That takes care of Phoenix: Alice Cooper'stown (http://www.yelp.com/biz/alice-cooperstown-phoenix?hrid=esDZwjuGZQlkpKrZAC_guQ), Los Reyes de la Torta (http://www.yelp.com/biz/los-reyes-de-la-torta-phoenix-2?hrid=nJiqRCfTtxs2bIoFrPdmkA), and now Chompie's.  On deck, LA.

=]
I really don't like giving bad reviews but sadly this place deserves it. I always give credit where it is due but this place failed miserable so I believe that information is just as important.  I made 3 different attempts coming here. 

1st attempt: Walked in excited to try a new local spot by my new work and stood under the order sign waiting for 5 minutes while there were 2 gals chatting about their weekend off to the side. Okay fine- maybe it was important. 

2nd attempt: Thought to myself "Let's try this again" a week later. Walked in and it was fairly quiet and the lady up front was so incredibly rude and upset by something clearly going on in her life. Rolled her eyes when I tried to customize my order and handed me my bag. I couldn't run out fast enough. When I got to my desk she didn't even add what I wanted to my order (toasted bagel with egg... Not that hard). 

3rd attempt: Shockingly- I decided I would throw them a bone in hopes for a better experience. "3rd times the charm"?? Nope! Walked in and waited... And waited... And waited. No one was in line but me. It's fine if you are busy just say "I will be right with you". 

How does this place stay in business?
A great way to escape the Arizona heat and a great chance to practice your New York accent. I am a full blooded New Yorker on tour in a reggae band, and this spot brought be right back to butter & rainbow cookies! I ordered the white albacore sandwich it was bisque!! Knish was prime with as much spicy brown mustard as I could eat. Also bottomless Arnold Palmers and kosher pickles.
Great potential, but they need to make some changes.  The food and the service could definitely be improved (I guess that coversjust about everything...lol).  After you're seated, you need to keep an eye on your server in order to get additional coffee, utensils, condiments, and even the bill.  The table behind us had to get their own utensils and condiments.  

Now, the food has potential but I'm not sure about the cook.  The home fires are too greasy, the toast is only toasted on one side, and the over medium eggs  were cooked the same as you would cook them for a fried egg sandwich.  And to top it off, the food was lukewarm.  Don't the cooks every taste their own food ?

So, as I said before, they have the potential to be rated 4/5 stars, but currently, I can only give them a 2.
I watch Adam on "Man VS Food" and just everything he tried so yummy so I was more than pleased to see he tried this place. I'm a sucker for how they describe items on the menu and ended up trying a few dishes. I've never tried a kosher deli but it didn't hurt to try. I don't eat pork and they had a few other options unlike most breakfast places that don't have any other options of meat or no meat. The French toast was out this world...absolutely mind blown! Salmon dish I opted for was alright, too many capers do take away from the dish and gives it an overpowering taste unlike a subtle one. Will have to try other dishes on next trip!
I watch Adam on "Man VS Food" and just everything he tried so yummy so I was more than pleased to see he tried this place. I'm a sucker for how they describe items on the menu and ended up trying a few dishes. I've never tried a kosher deli but it didn't hurt to try. I don't eat pork and they had a few other options unlike most breakfast places that don't have any other options of meat or no meat. The French toast was out this world...absolutely mind blown! Salmon dish I opted for was alright, too many capers do take away from the dish and gives it an overpowering taste unlike a subtle one. Will have to try other dishes on next trip!
The first time I dined at Chompies I was blown away at how extensive the menu is. I have enjoyed everything that I have ordered. This is my go to place when we get caught between that critical 6pm to 7pm time slot when a lot of restaurants have big waiting times. This is not a knock on Chompies, It just works out that way since their clientele seems to eat earlier in the day.

I've usually order their burgers or the pastrami. My son loves their chicken sandwich. My favorite is the whole pastrami sandwich. It's very tasty and probably the best pastrami I've ever had. It is a mountain of a sandwich. I usually eat half of it and finish the next day for lunch. I order the whole sandwich as opposed to the 1/2 sandwich, soup option since the soup always seems to spill on to the plate when it's being delivered to the table. I don't like soggy sandwiches.

They also serve breakfast items. So if you have that picky eater in your family, this place is definitely an option.
We don't live here so are in only occasionally. A friend told us of new ownership but assured me it hadn't changed a thing.  It feels different to me. We bought cookies for a party yesterday. Although three people were behind the baked goods counter, apparently only one was authorized to wait on customers with a second charged with telling us (the only customers waiting) that we would be helped soon. The third might have only had responsibilities at the other end of the counter but was watching the person helping customers ring up an order. $1.95 per cookie for a 4 inch star shaped sugar cookie frosted and with sprinkles seems high but people at the party liked them. Today we went for breakfast. There was a brief wait to be seated by a pleasant, professional hostess. We waited almost as long to meet our waitress though an uncommunicative busboy provided silverware and napkins but not water in the meantime. There was a very long wait for the food to come out of the kitchen. I should have timed it... At least 20 minutes, maybe longer. It was about 11a.m. on a Sunday.  The orders were correct though my omelette was not well put together. Our waitress checked back immediately but didn't refill our water until she had presented our check.  $27 seemed high for a breakfast for two but my wife did add a bagel to her breakfast not realizing it wasn't included.
I wanted to get a special cake for my daughter's 16th birthday with out spending $100+. Then i remembered that Chompie's has a bakery.Their baker is so talented and made a beautiful custom cake for my daughter for a fraction of the cost of these specialty bakeries. I couldn't be happier! Thank you Chompie's!
I'm going to give Einstein Bros. 4 stars, even though I wasn't thrilled with my Ancho Chicken Wedge. It was my fault thought - I was being virtuous and chose from their under 400 calorie line, when I should have just gone for what I really wanted. Case in point, my boyfriend's turkey on a jalapeno cheese bagel was great. My "wedge" was really just a triangular wrap with gooey, spicy cheese. Actually, now that I think about it, it really should have been called a quesadilla. 

The menu is more limited than Panera, but I love their bagels and all the shmears - especially the honey almond. I also have to come back to try some of their drinks which look especially calorific! If they had locations in the Bay area and free wifi, this place would be getting pretty close to 5 stars.
I like this location more than the 40th St. because of the positive attitude that the employees present. They're ACTUALLY happy to see you. There's no pre-fabricated smiles here!

It's also next to a Starbucks. So my breakfast is complete in a 50 square foot area, hahah. They just didn't hire me when I applied here. :l But that's unimportant! I like this location way more than all of the others.
Einstein's always has great coupon deals.....and this past Saturday I had breakfast there for only 4 bucks. What did I have you ask? Well I had the Turkey Sausage (which is a huge plus for me ) and egg white bagel sandwich with cheddar cheese on an Asiago bagel. I also had a small coffee to go along with it.....and that includes free refills. This meal would have normally cost me close to 8 bucks and again I only paid 4 bucks...enough said. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
They really do everything right. Great drinks, great food. My husband loves the italian chicken panini and I love the club mex on the challa. Yum. I also like to spon-tin-a-i-tea! (get it??) Yum! Did I mention- YUM!? Wish they were open for dinner.
My boyfriend was addicted to this Einstein's before we met. He went here every day for almost two years, then I moved in and started making breakfast. We still frequent this location together when I don't feel like cooking. 

I like this location for its large patio and people watching. The new bagel thins are pretty awesome, I get the breakfast sandwich with egg white, asparagus and cheese and it is tasty. Good bagels, consistently good service and friendly employees make this Einstein's stand out.
Be VERY, VERY careful asking for a sandwich as a wrap. I ordered a ham and cheese make your own sandwich, ordered it as a wrap to go. I got home, there's lettuce and mayo and... what this? what's this I see in this sandwich? there's the cut-off fingertip of someone's glove lodged between the lettuce? (At least I hope it's the finger tip of a glove - I'm not even going to think of the other thing it could have been.) Ewwww.... gross.... I didn't finish the sandwich. Memo to self: Don't ever get wraps from Einstein's, particularly not the one on Shea. Disgusting. If it ever happens again, I'm calling a local news station to report it, then I'll call the state health department. Gross, gross, gross, gross, gross, gross... if you can't deliver sanitary wraps, THEN DON'T PUT THEM ON THE MENU. Not a place to go if you like wraps.
Stopped by for coffee and a bagel sandwich.

All but two of the coffee urns were out of coffee.

I ordered the bagel breakfast sandwich with what was reputed to be eggs with bacon and cheese.   The eggs resembled an egg substitute rather than real eggs.  The flavor supported that assumption.    The cheese at least tasted like real cheddar cheese.

Between ordering and after eating no one had refilled the coffee.

The staff were friendly enough despite being disengaged.

All in all I won't return to this Einstein's and won't order anything other than a bagel should I visit another.

I would have been better off at the Starbucks which is less than twenty yards away.
Excellent place to eat.
I've been coming there for about 10 yrs and can only say it gets better and better.
The staff in this particular 
Einsteins is the best. Very Friendly 
Bagels and coffee always good.
Yes.  Hell yes.  Now, THIS is what I'm talking about.

When I walked in and was greeted by a case with three fish starting back up at me I knew this would be good.  The case also contained many salads and cream cheeses and was accompanied with a sister case with b/w cookies, rugelach, and other assorted yummies.  Behind me was a refrigerated case stocked with not one, not two, but 6 flavors of Snapple!  AND every flavor of Dr. Browns including Cel-ray.  Had I died and gone back to NY?  If the heavenly smell of baked bagels was any indication I indeed had found my way to heaven.

The egg and cheese sandwich my husband ordered was insane.  INSANE.  Full of egg, cheese and grease.  My bagel and cream cheese, although not well toasted, was well cream cheesed and cut into fours.  The bagels were good, not outstanding, but I think with a little more toasting they would have been quite good.  

They serve everything a bagel shop should.  Whitefish salad, bagels in real flavors not things like Dutch Apple or Asiago Parmesan (or whatever stupid flavors people want their bagels in these days...) and best of all, they serve tongue.  My good friend Dorian G. would be so happy to know that and I will definitely be taking her here when she visits.  Any good Jewish establishment will have this one key menu item.  

So I tip my hat to you NY Bagels 'n Bialys.  You have proven my theory wrong that places with "New York" in the name usually suck.  Good job.
Kristin's review was so compelling that I had to check out NYBnB.  I too miss the smell of yeasty dough being baked while strolling through NY's Upper Westside.

There's a sign on Shea but otherwise the store's not visible from the street.  We drove under the arches of Agua Caliente Shopping Center and eventually found NYBnB on the right.  We were surprised by how big the place was.

We ordered an Everything bagel toasted with cream cheese ($2.39) and agree with Kristin that it would've been better more toasted.  I also prefer mine chewier.  They were more than generous with the cream cheese.  I wish you could pay only for the amount of cream cheese you want. 

On our way out, we bought a half-dozen bag of mini bagels and learned that bialys are, unlike bagels, not boiled so the texture's lighter and lower in calories.  

To me, a good crusty, chewy bagel's worth the calories!
So we didn't intend to come here....not that it wasn't satisfying in the end, but let it be known that we ventured to this particular strip mall in Scottsdale to try The Herb Box, which apparently is closed on Sundays. Does anyone else feel like they are doing the Strip Mall Tour of America when dining out in Arizona? Maybe it's just me.

Anyway, we sat outside on the patio, which was nice because the weather was amazing. Our waitress (and the whole staff really) was amazingly friendly. I had a turkey sandwich on an everything bagel, which was really good. My husband had a huge sandwich of some sort, which he seemed to enjoy as well. This place also gets extra points because they gave me a "to go" drink in a HUGE cup. That is my favorite thing ever. I seriously get irritated when you ask for a drink to go and they give you the equivalent of a kiddie cup. 

The bagel I ate was so soft and fresh.......which is not always the case at the Arizona delis I've been to. I highly recommend this place if you're in the neighborhood.
The secret to a good bagel is the water.  You can't replicate a NYC bagel without the water.  However, the bagels from New York Bagels 'n Bialys come darn close!

I lived in Huntington, Long Island.  My favorite ritual was on Sunday's (in good weather) to grab a New York Times, bagels and cauwfee and spend my morning on the beach.

I wasn't sad to leave Longgggg Island, but I do miss my favorite Bagel shop on Walt Whitman Highway.  (And, by the way, to this day, I still have  bagels shipped to me from H & H Bagels in Manhattan.  Drop me a line and I'll give you the Web address or Google them)

The bagels from New York Bagels 'n Bialys have the right consistency - not too doughy - not too thick.   

I say BOO HISS to Chompies and Einstein Bagels.  

The bagels from New York Bagels 'n Bialys just might be good enough for me to want to create a new Sunday ritual.  The store ain't no beach, but a New York Times and one of these bagel might be all I need to recreate the experience (and I can always play a Brookstone CD of sea waves crashing).
This place can be hard to find because it's tucked away in the Agua Caliente strip mall area off of Shea, but it's back there.  I usually just run in for some bagels, and they are always fresh - my favorite is definitely the sunflower one!  On Saturday and Sunday mornings it can be a little chaotic up at the front counter because they don't do a line or numbers, but the wait is never long.  

Only gripe is that I usually grab a coffee, and although they have creamer and flavored syrup available (a plus!), there's no milk.    No biggie, since I'd much rather support local businesses than a large chain.
This is hands down the best place for bagels...
but more importantly... after all my travels it has the BEST Bialy ever.
I just wish they would open on in Greenville.
Oh it is soooo good, a poppy seed bialy toasted with cream cheese...
I guess I can only hope they are always open when I visit Scottsdale...
.n
Moved...not closed (that would have been so wrong), but just moved to a new location. Wish I had checked their web site before going to the old location, which is now deserted. I feel like such an idiot for not doing my homework... ditto on other reviews... best bagels in town: yes, better than ______s and definitely better than _____s.
I wish I hand 1 more hand so I could give this place 3 thumbs down. I make better french toast in my kitchen...I am not sure if they know what vanilla and cinnamon are. The eggs were alright and the bagel was OK as well. Nothing special at all, but I was actually surprised how they were able to make their french toast so tasteless.
ive seen many negative reviews of bagel places lately. rightly so, einstein and brueggers are kaka..

this is place has the best bagels ive had outside nyc.  probably. there was a place in portland oregon in 1993 that had great ones but i could never find them again.

anyways, these are good.
It was a rainy Sunday morning, and our hunt for breakfast was not turning out so well (loooong waits at other places).

We remembered driving by this place, so decided to check it out.  We didn't realize it was an actual sit-down restaurant..cool!  

Our visit started out with some awesome people watching - thanks to the girl wearing last night's make-up, a guy's Dodgers shirt, and nothing else.  Our group then decided to order omelettes, because the omelettes also came with a bagel or bialy.  This was our mistake - don't go to a bagel place expecting good omelettes, I guess.

All of our eggs were extremely over-cooked and not tasy.  The Leo omelette (Lox and onions) was pretty much scrambled eggs - not even in an omelette shape.  The bagels, however, were very delicious, but not much different from any other bagel I've had.  Our server was very efficient, though.

All in all, it was a quick and cheap-ish breakfast with some interesting people watching and good service, but overall not good enough to return to.
My east coast Jew taste buds are dancing today! I just ate an everything bagel stick, toasted lightly, with cream cheese...

We happened to be in Scottsdale for dinner and, in looking for our restaurant, we passed NY Bagels 'n Bialys. The "open" sign was all we needed to go in. We haven't had a good bagel since we left Boston. And I hadn't had a good bialy since we left Cleveland in the 90s.

When we went in we saw this gargantuan menu. They make tons of flavors in bagels and bialys. Plus they make sticks. I haven't had a bagel stick in forever, either. It took about two minutes to pick out a dozen. I could barely contain my excitement. They sliced them up for us, gave us some sleeves so we could freeze what we wouldn't eat right away and sent us on our way, $9 lighter but infinitely happier.

And I am not disappointed. It has been so long since I had a real, east coast bagel that I forgot how good they are. They doughy faux Jew food they have here just dulls the senses and makes a person forget the amazing deliciousness that we enjoy back in the real "Jew food world" of the east.

That said, I do have to add one caution. When I saw they also serve sandwiches I asked to taste their corned beef. I do this everywhere I see they serve it and restaurants are always kind enough to oblige. After my anticipated success with the bagels, and the whitefish and lox I saw in the case I was optimistic. Made getting my hopes dashed even worse. As soon as she set the slice in front of me I knew. Color, consistency, texture - nothing was right about this corned beef. Still, I asked for it so I felt I had to taste it. My husband described it as perfectly good Irish corned beef. I described it as dreck.

So my review is strictly for the bagels, bialys and sticks. Enjoy!
Picked up a dozen bagels & bialys and sampled the corned beef.  Unfortunately the corned beef is at best a good goyashe corned beef, not Kosher or Kosher style.

The bagels and bialys were top notch though.  Great selection.  What's the difference between a bagel and a bialy?  A bagel is boiled before baking, a bialy is not.  Bagels have a chewier hide.

If you enjoy noshing on bagels (or bialys) I recommended getting them here.  It's about 9 bucks for a dozen and they are so much better than anything you'll find at the grocery.  We're talking east coast quality bagels here.
Been here a lot lately.

The "egg-a-bagel" combo is a screaming deal for breakfast! Their omelettes are big and fluffy, and their baked goodies look fantastic.

Their soup and sandwiches for lunch are all top quality and really fresh. 

Great staff and service, plus it also has a true deli feel to it. It's always busy too, which is a great sign.
mmm mmm good!  My honey took me here a few weeks ago to have my first bialy experience.  LOVE it and can't wati to go back.  My whole bfast of eggs, potatos, and the "everything" bialy was worth writing home about.  

The staff was super friendly and the environment is warm and comfortable.  I assume its a family run business which makes the experience that much more enjoyable.  

Make sure you check this place out!
I LOVE NYBB!!! The people are wonderful and accommodating, the food is great, and the bagels are the best I've had west of the Mississippi! These are the real deal, and for anyone who knows and loves good bagels, they need to hear over there immediately.
I always love trying new bagel places... Especially if their ratings are higher than that of Chompies (which I LOVE)... 

Honestly? Don't see what the hype was about... I tried a bite of my boyfriend's Reuben Omelet, which was pretty good. My scrambled eggs seemed to taste weird for some reason... I couldn't put my finger on it, but they just didn't taste good. They didn't have the bagel I wanted so I tried their cranberry bagel and it was just very chewy and bland (I didn't even taste any cranberry at all... It was just like I was eating a day-old, pink bagel). The cream cheese didn't taste very  fresh either.

I MIGHT try this place again for lunch (which they have an awfully large lunch/supper portion of the menu for being a bagel/bialy-centered eatery... I'd rather stick with Chompies or Good Egg for breakfast.
$2.82 for a bagel with plain cream cheese & rude waitress  - Thank you New York Bagel! You just gave me the perfect excuse to save my wallet and my waistline!!!............. or maybe I'll go to Basha's for $1.20 for just as good a bagel & down home smile & friendly service
This place reminds me of a mullet. Business in the front, and party in the back. 

In front, this place has all the characteristics of a hardworking, economically priced and noteworthy bagel/bialy business.

But in the back, they have a full-blown, totally stacked, BAR! Party time, baby!

New York Bagels 'N Bialys cracks me up. For the life of me, I will never understand this place. NYBB is an eerie combination of bagels and booze. Totally random and off the wall - just like my personality, and probably why I enjoy this place. I know it's hard, but try not to judge this book by its cover.

Their bagels and bialys are my favorite circular delights in the valley. I'd never even heard of a bialy until Matt and I randomly stumbled upon this spot one hung over morning. I came to realize that bialys are awesome! Instead of getting boiled before being baked like a bagel, a bialy skips the boiling part and just gets baked. Their bialys come in almost all the same flavors as their bagels.

NYBB does breakfast and brunch really well. When I used to live in the 85254, I came here almost every weekend. First of all, they make really great nonfat lattes, mimosas and road rash bloody marys. The coffee is around $2-3 depending on what espresso drink you desire, and it's cheaper/tastier than Starbucks. 

From the breakfast/brunch menu, my favorite dish is the veggie omelet but all the omelets are pretty delish. They have every ingredient combination imaginable, you can sub egg whites, and you get the following sides: a bagel or bialy and cream cheese, in addition to your choice of home fries (greasy deliciousness), cottage cheese, french fries, tomatoes or a potato pancake.

I also recommend the house breakfast specials. The bagel with nova lox is to die for and the breakfast burrito is filling but it won't make you feel like an oinker. They also have egg bagels with cheese & bacon, sausage or ham! Oink Oink!

I've never been here specifically for lunch or dinner but I have tried a pizza bagel from their lunch menu for brunch. They start at $3.49, and then you can add on your own toppings for 50 cents each! No pre-made garbage here my friends, just deliciousness. 

As a note, I'm only rating this place of breakfast/brunch and happy hour but FYI, they've got: sandwiches, salads, regular pizzas, nachos, quesadillas, chopped liver & bagels, potatoes and gravy, macaroni & cheese, desserts made from scratch, soups, smoked fish, burgers... oh, and they also cater. 

Basically, they try to accomplish too much with just one restaurant. Food wise, your best bet is to stick to the bagels, breakfast menu and pizza bagel (the desserts look good too).

Then... after you finish business as usual for breakfast... you can come back!! Not only does this place change its name to the Rush Caf in the evening but they also get the party started with $1.50 domestics from 4-7pm during their happy hour!!! Your buzz will be buzzing with wine, champagne, premium spirits and cocktails. Whatever your little heart desires!

NYBB is one of the cheapest breakfast spots I've found. The wait staff ensemble does consist of a crazy cast of characters (they are all a little "different") but they provide excellent service. Everyone here enjoys engaging customers in conversation.

Therefore, instead of giving yourself a mullet (if you do please send pictures), just come here! At NYBB you get business in the front and party in the back, without having to cut your hair.
Over priced, and that goes for everything on the menu. I was not happy with the size or the taste or lack of taste I shoud say. Over cooked bacon, like a little black, avocado that was brown, and not $10 worth of turkey. I did like the rye bread. I  will come back to try the bagels cause what I saw I liked. If your compairing this place to Chompies then my vote is Chompies hands down no contest. Even thou I spen $10 on a sandwich there I always leave happy, full, and sometimes with a doggie bag cause you get your moneys worth and its good enough to want again later. The inside of this place is really big with lots of seating and a bar as well. The staff was nice and the place was very clean. Ill give the bagels a try sometime.
Bagels were worthless, potatoes were tasteless, french toast cut inconsistently so half was undercooked. Veggies and bacon looked unappetizing.  Bialys are glorified onion rolls. Prices are inflated (scottsdale lol). Everyone's food came out at different times. Every time we asked for coffee server carried individual cup to carafe instead of bringing pot to table. Waitresses seen playing with hair. If this was NY, they'd be shut down in a week.
As a New Yorker, I'm always yearning for a good deli experience in the desert. After all, my people wandered around one for 40 years. You'd think we could find a decent nosh!! Anyway, this place ain't it. As pathetic as it sounds, I still can't find anything better than Chompies, and that's a pretty low bar to cross. 

My wife and I took 4 of our 5 kids (oldest at UofA) and we were hopeful for a taste of NYC as we had been here for breakfast once before and it was decent. Our lunch experience was far from it. 

I had the special - a skirt steak sandwich. My wife had a half chopped liver sandwich and a cup of soup (can't recall which one). Kids had bagels. 

Portions were ridiculously small. There were 4 strips of steak on my bread. My wife had an ice cream scoop of chopped liver. Bagels were large, but nothing special. Service was prompt, but devoid of personality. Come on, if you're gonna work at a deli at least give me a little attitude! 

Anyway, if you're Jonesing for deli, avoid this place. It won't help.
We have tried this spot a few times and each visit we find just enough we like to keep coming back.  The whitefish on bialy is a favorite and the selection of bagels is extensive.  Try an oversized sandwich with a vanilla phosphate... All wonderful.  The only downside is that most items are $10+ and that adds up for a family of 5.
I am a native new yorker and lived in chicago and these bagels are like einstein bagels. The skin of the bagel is soft and not authentic. Coffee is horrible. Service marginal. Avoid this place if you know bagels.
The younger girl behind the counter was really friendly despite my indecision about my order. Finally I decided on a garlic bialy with a side of whitefish salad and a soda. It was like... $11 for the total. The small scoop of whitefish salad was $5.95 or something crazy. The bialy and the whitefish were great despite the price.
OK food but not worth another try.  My daughter and I tried to like this place as we are from Long Island and it is convenient to our home. Daughter Heidi ordered a bagel and it came with a small portion of cream cheese so I ordered another side of the cream cheese.  They charged a ridiculous amount for the side and when we talked to the manager he was arrogant, aloof and obnoxious telling us that was it he was not going to do anything in our favor.  The cost of the side was actually more than the bagel.  There are plenty of choices in Scottsdale and I don't recommend this one.
Gonna give it another shot.

It was a Tuesday morning.  I got up late and was running waaaaay behind schedule.  I needed something quick to eat on the way to a morning meeting, so pulled up the handy Yelp mobile app and found this spot just a stone's throw away.  

I walked in and the first thing that hits me is: "What the hell is a 'bialy?'"  Fortunately, an employee was there to help me understand that a bialy is baked and a bagel is boiled.  So: it's the texture, not the stuffing.  I decide to get one of each toasted with no spreads.  

I think I spent less than $1.50, but I don't remember the exact amount.  Regardless, it was a small price to pay for some delicious culinary research.  In my ever so humble opinion, I like the texture of bagels compared to the bialy.  Taste-wise, they were both much yummier than that nationwide chain you always see on every corner.

I only went here to grab a quick breakfast, but they have different options that I would love to come back for and give another shot.
I don't claim to be an expert on bagels, but my grandfather was a Jewish baker in Buffalo...I think we have tried every bagel place in the Phoenix metro area, since moving here 5 years ago.  Without doubt,  these are not only the best, but are perfect!     Absolutely boiled, crunchy on the outside, doughy on the inside --- exactly as a bagel is meant to be.  Breakfasts are fantastic -- my husband loves the deli omelet loaded with deli meats and I go the Greek omelet route, with spinach and feta.  And the breakfast potatoes are to die for.     And should you ever need catering, Bagels 'N Bialys is great to work with.  They'll substitute and help you create exactly what you want.  Ruth, the manager is a doll and her staff is always friendly and customer-service is their mantra!  My only disappointment: they have cut back on their hours.  I hope that is just for the summer.
This is average. At best, its average bagels, and average bialys. There are so many good bagel places in this country, its hard to review a place like this. First, why so many stupid flavors? Leave that to Panera or the supermarket. Bagels, in a place like this should have about 6-8 varieties. There is no place for chocolate chip or blueberry. That is what cookies and danishes are for. The bagels have an okay taste and texture. The name may say NY, but not NYC, maybe Schoharie? The bialy is not even that good when it is good, so i its not perfect, it fails, and in this case, it just doesn't pass. There is nothing wrong with NY Bagels and Bialys, its just not that great, but for a bagel and cream cheese on a Sunday morning with the NY Times, its okay. The bagels over at Chompie's are actually a little better.
Had never even heard of a bialy before I went here but it was really good. Got a tomato basil bialy with cream cheese and lox. It was really good and a nice filling meal. Probably ate too much but I wanted to finish it was so good. 

The bialy is supposed to be healthier than a bagel which is great because i think it tastes better too. The tomato basil packed a ton of flavor. Can't wait till i get back here again.
I wouldn't dare compare any of our delis in the Valley to those you'll find in New York.  Hell, the delis we have in Arizona don't even come close to the delis I group up going to in Detroit.  But, I've recently become very fond of New York Bagels 'N Bialys.  

Not only do they have close to four dozen different varieties of bagels and bialys, but they have history... they've been around since 1987; they have fabulous service (thanks to Angela, who was my waitress the last two visits), they are kid friendly, ad they make a good bagel with lox and omelette.  They also have a check-in offer on the yelp app... check it out!

I'm sure I'll be back to visit NYBNB soon... as a matter of fact, I already have a date planned with friends to return again during Passover.  Matzoh Brie, here I come!

One last thing: the prices here may be higher than what you'll find elsewhere, but I do think the quality is worth it.
NY Bagles and Bialys is tucked away in a shopping center on the south west side of Scottsdale and Shea (if you pass Cochise heading north you've gone too far).  We stopped in one Sunday morning for some breakfast. 

I was told not to expect too much personality from the waitstaff, but our waiter seemed really cool.  He stopped to chat with us for a few minutes between refilling coffee and delivering our plates. Speaking of coffee...I LOVE the brew NYB&B serves!  Mmmmmm. 

I had the veggie egg white omelette with salsa on the side.  While they didn't skimp on veggies or egg whites, it was thrown together rather hastily and the salsa was reminiscent of ketchup.  The best part of my meal was the whole wheat bialy (which has fewer cals than a bagel because it's only baked--not boiled and baked like a bagel). 

My companion had chocolate chip pancakes. A little doughy for his taste, but I found them addicting...akin to the temptation to eat raw cake batter.  I liked them...

I'll come back even if it's just for a cup of coffee. The on-site bakery was cooking up some pretty scrumptious goods, something to keep in mind for the future.
This place makes no sense.....you walk in and there are servers, but there is also pick up window, also a register where you can order food. Do I sit down or order at the counter? I ordered at the counter, $10.00 for a bagel sandwich and fries seemed a bit high price. There are no lunch specials or combos. I ordered the roast beef on a jalapeo bagel ( They call this a jalapeo bagel.... Are you kidding me?) food was meh. There is also a bar in back where you can order drinks. At a bagel shop? This place is just going in way too many directions for me.  I don't recommend this place at all. Gave it 2 stars instead of one simply cause the food wasn't all that bad.
How dare they put rye seeds on an everything bagel? I'm not happy about dealing with that party foul at all or the rude, inefficient service. Plus, even though they are boiled here, these are not good bagels at all,  even if the rye seeds were not present. Other issue is the bagel bins are far away from customers eyes - what are hiding - put the bins up front like every true NY bagel shop. Hey, if your gonna call yourself a NY bagel place (yes I am from NY) then I want the whole experience. Charging $11 for a turkey sandwich is a bit much too and this is an unfriendly, cold location with no charm. There was a very hairy bird outside though looking for crumbs and on this day that bird got lucky. Onto the next place.
Don't go to NYBB! The staff is is incompetent & lazy. Told the counter person I had never been there before. They literally walked away without saying anything. They didn't offer any suggestions/help/explanations. My order was wrong when I got it. Because it had the wrong condiments it tasted disgusting. NYBB is extremely overpriced. Do not go to NYBB!
This place has good bagels, but tepid service. I get bagels to go, and the last time I was there the kid making the bagels had no food service gloves on, and was taking money, making bagels, etc. Not the end of the world, but it does kind of junk you out. Another odd thing is that when you like your bagels double toasted, for some reason they put SO much butter on, it's almost like the bagel is deep fried. I haven't been back since the kid had poor food hygiene practices, but I need to get back there.
We have only been coming here for the last few months, but we firmly believe that you would need to fly to NY to get anything better!

Yes, the bagels are really good!  They're the next closest thing to Forest Hills, or Brooklyn bagels then being there. Our former go to place was Brooklyn Bagels near Desert Ridge  Sadly, they closed about nine months ago.  Great place, too bad.

We have tried a few of the other places, but weren't as happy.  So, I type "Bagels" into my Yelp Search.  Poof, out came NY Bagel 'N Bialys!  What's more, I noticed there was a Yelp-on Coupon tie in.  Nice!

If I may suggest: 
 * 1st Thing-- Buy the Yelp-on Coupon for (was $15.00 for $25.00) now $10.00 for  $20.00 of food!  Even a better deal!

 * 2nd Thing--Check-in on Yelp and get a free bagel w/cream cheese smear!  

 * 3rd Thing-- Sit back and wonder why you've never came here before!  D'oh!!!

We cannot wait to come back for the macaroons during the Holidays!

Enjoy!
Go for take-out bialys or bagels, but skip the sandwiches. We have been 20 year customers at two locations, but surely they can master a Reuben sandwich.  Apparently not.  I won't go back any more. Poor quality for the authentic-level price.  Might as well go to Subway.
Bagel was excellent. Very close to NYC quality. They don't pack on the lox as much as hoped for, so go for the double dose for $2 extra. The service is professional though our server had either allergies or a cold which always freaks me out... Definitely a place worth returning to.
Great bagels and good food! The bagels are a little small compared to true New York bagels (only reason for not getting 5 stars ) but are tasty and really good! Friendly staff and the restaurant area feels like a New York deli. I'll definitely be back for sure.
Why is there a bar in the bagel shop?? This place is very disorganized. The placement of the bagels, coffees & creamers, chips, soda fountain, cream cheese and a full service bar.... They're in much need of a plan. Something about this place feels dirty to me. Not sure if its because it is so unorganized or the fact the bagels bins are hidden away.  Good I'd just okay but over priced. I think I purchased two bagels with strawberry cream chess and that was $12!
Last year, my friend Alison threw a breakfast birthday party for her twins.  She had a array of wonderful goodies, among them, there were these beautiful bagels.  I got a bite into my bagel and it was heaven.  The right amount of chewiness.  I immediately asked where these bagels came from, and I was not alone, everyone at the party was doing the same.  That's when I learned about NYBB.  Now every time someone has a brunch or breakfast party, I always suggest they get their bagels.  If I am going to indulge, I better do it with great ones.  I am not from NY but a am a confirmed carb-aholic, so I think this counts as credentials.
On top of everything, the owner was so amazing.  I was organizing an event for one of my parenting groups, and one of the donors backed out 4 days before the event.  I was panicking, we had a small budget and we were almost out of it since we were counting on this donation.  I called NYBB and Ruth answered.  I told her what had happened and asked her if she could give us a special discount, guess what?  She donated the bagels for our event.  That is so classy.  I am thrilled that our event has the best bagels.
Good food, good prices, good service.
Being from the East Coast I wasn't wowed by this place.  But I will say it was excellent service and hot food.  

-We both got the New Yorker which was hot and seemed fresh.  I was expecting that the pastrami would have a bit of a spice to it.  The gentleman who helped us (Daniel I think) was very attentive and prompt, even asked us if we wanted to take our beverages to go (and offered to fill them up for us.

I was a bit disappointed that my fries were the crinkle cut fries which I can assume were frozen before cooking.  None the less they came out hot and complimented my New Yorker really well.

What made this experience really great was the service...food I could take or leave.
I live around the corner from this place and have been several times now. As good as the bialys are, their service is awful--I stood at the cashier for a good 10 min this last week (it was slow), and had two attendants walk by without asking if I needed to be helped. Not to mention they're overpriced. That being said, their food is fine, and probably worth it if you're in the area and have some extra time and patience on your hands.
Great food and selection! Staff are considerate and professional.
Service was good but food not all that great. It was $17 for two bagel breakfast sandwich's and two coffees.  Everything in the breakfast sandwich tasted pre made for the day and the bagel itself was very very doughy. Always like trying a new place but don't think I will be going back to this.
I like this place overall - MOST of the staff is great and the food is consistently yummy.  I especially enjoy the home fries and their thick bacon slices!  Bloody Mary's are filled with horseradish and kind of pricey IMO at $5-$7, but are nice for a treat every once and a while.

Also, they have great coffee and a dog friendly patio.  If you're trying it out for the first time, get a yelp deal or SOME type of deal, take a leap, and dive into the bagels head first!
Make sure they know if u r in a hurry.  Was disappointed bc I called ahead and gave very specific directions (Please make sure the 3 dozen bialy's are in plastic bags bc I need to pack them in my suitcase.  Unfortunately, they were not and I had to make the taxi wait...  costing me more money.  UGH!  In the long run, it ended up costing $72 for 39 bialys (including taxi)
I went here for breakfast today and was not impressed. I have been in the past for bagels, which are great, but my breakfast was inedible. I ordered the California omelet which came with a latke and a bagel. The omelet was very overcooked and dry. I took one bite and couldn't eat any more. The bagel and latke were good. I could have saved some money and just ordered those. Will not come back for the dine in breakfast until they learn how to cook eggs!
It's a great low-key breakfast spot. As an east coast girl, I have high expectations for bagels. NYBB bagels are ALWAYS super fresh and they have an amazing variety of flavors. It's a bit pricey for what the menu offers (about $9 for an omelette) but it's worth it because everything is fresh and authentic.
Great service. I will say I was impressed by contact from the manager letting me know they changed their fries to fresh cut. I gave them another try and definitely did not disappoint. I appreciate both the message from the business owner but the great food and service. A must go if you're in Scottsdale.
worst service I've ever encountered. food isn't bad but would never recommend this place due to the disorganized staff and the insanely long waits for everything.
Avoid like the plague.

Tiny sandwich served on crunchy rye, not steamed. The bread was more like a cracker, not soft fresh bread.

The pastrami was served cold.

I guess I should have known better when the server asked if  I wanted lettuce on my pastrami.


The server was brand new and just did not know...
Oh well I'm sure the bagels are ok.
best breakfast around i come here religously yum yum...egg a bagel is phenomenal and strawberry french toast are my favs...best mimosas in town woohooo
Average bagels, but that's not why they get one star........

The woman behind the counter who helped me, was abrasive and gross.  

As I waited for my order, I watched her eat food behind the counter, pick pieces of food out of her mouth with her bare hands, TWICE, then handle someone else's order *with her bare hands*.  Additionally, she was fairly abrasive. 

I was going to leave and abandon the order, but I had some extenuating circumstances, so I simply watched her carefully. For my order, thankfully she put on gloves.  Perhaps she noticed that I was watching her (?).

It was stunning to me that someone who works in food service would engage in such blatant unclean behavior.  Surely, this isn't the first time she's behaved like this and what the owner is thinking having such help is beyond me.
We went for breakfast while on vacation there and it wasn't bad but definitely not New York bagels.  They had a variety of bagels and other foods, which was good.  I would recommend them if your not obsessed with your bagels looking and tasting like New York.
The first thing you notice is the smell.   If I hadn't have been starving, I would have walked out.   The place is dark and dreary, with a wait staff to match.  Clearly they have their own little dramas going on that trump customer service.  But to be fair, they do all call you "sweetie" and "honey"  once they get around to showing up, there's the consolation. My meal came fairly quickly, so no complaints there.

The food was actually decent.  I had the smoked whitefish salad appetizer, which was a nice plate for a single diner like myself.   The platter included a nice helping of whitefish salad, cream cheese,  lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, capers, olives and pickles along with a toasted bagel.   The salad was very smoky and  tasty, and everything seemed fresh except for the olives, which were very strange and mushy.

The problem with trying to eat in a place that smells so bad and looks so dirty is that it's hard to get past all of that to really enjoy the food.  I just kept wondering what state the kitchen was in.   So, despite the decent food, I have to give this place a two star rating.   Maybe call Robert Irvine!   Unless it's freshened up and the smell is gone, I'm not going back.  Not even for such good whitefish salad!
Holy lord, this place has amazing breakfast burritos. Their bagels are good too. The crowd seems to be older - perhaps even senior. It's also not the coolest location ever. Still - if this is your neighborhood, this should be your bagel place. Beats the shit out of Einstein or Chompies. It's also worth a trip to check out their breakfast food. Actually - now that I mention it, I think I'm gonna hit it up this weekend. 

I used to work at a bagel deli called Bagels De Lox - we had awesome bagels and sandwiches... I think if you have a clever name with "Lox" in it, you're probably good. This place rules.
Meh.  I wasn't very impressed with the bagel.  The crust was crispy but was way too flakey.  It actually almost tasted like a croissant.  They did a good job of toasting it though so that the cream cheese melted just right.  They don't have a case full of salads, which as we all know is how I measure a bagel shop, nor do they offer whitefish salad which is a staple.  You must offer it to be considered legit.  The service was quick, they have a pretty good system going on.  The place was packed with people (I didn't notice age or anything because I mean honestly, it's a bagel shop.  Who cares?)  on a Saturday morning.  They only really have fountain drinks, they do have Snapple diet raspberry iced tea and Kiwi Strawberry but that's it.  How do you not stock regular Snapple iced tea if you're stocking Snapple?  Hell, my junior high's cafeteria stocked it. 

This is a 3.5, had they stocked regular Snapple I would have given them a 4.
The bagels and pasteries here are delicious.  Maybe it's a good thing this place isn't closer to my house or I would eat here all the time.  Mmmm, carbs!

As Max said, it's not really a young, hip place to hang out but they make good eats.  Swing by and grab some bagels to go and be sure to pick up an amazing cranberry muffin.  I swear, they are like the size of your fist!
I love everything bagels, and Lox Stock & Bagel  has both a wheat and white everything bagel, which are both to die for.  The store is kind of tucked away in a shopping center, off of Hayden, but it is well worth the bagel shop is well-worth the time searching.
For breakfast service is quick.  The eggs are hard cooked, the coffee quite average self serve and the bagels are offered with a dizzying array of toppings but are all of the wonderbread variety.
Ok so I got a salt bagel and cream cheese. The salt bagel was wayyy too salty ..I know I know its a salt bagel, but seriously it was beyond salty and I couldnt brush some of it off. Which I generally can it was like baked in or something. It was pretty good but the texture was not that of a bagel it was more like a kaiser roll shaped like a bagel. For over 3 bucks for a bagel (retarded) I think it should be like the best bagel that ever happened. 
I'd give it another shot because it is better than Chompies and other places Ive been but I will not have another salt bagel. 

I also did not check the ingredients for trans fat or shortening so that is really ruining my life right now. I will update once I find out exactly how homemade these puppies are. and then learn to live life knowing I didnt look first like I always do. but we will see.

More like 2 and a half stars but im rounding up today :)
I was tipped off to this place by a friend I worked out with at the LA Fitness next door, so I decided to give it a try. The food is above average, for sure. It is possible to get a healthy, filling lunch for less than $10, so that's a huge plus for me. Way better than the crap they serve at Paradise Bakery masquerading as healthy, and more variety than Subway every day.

I got the roast beef bagel sandwich on wheat, toasted, with lettuce, tomato, cucumber, onion, sprouts, and mustard. The lunch deal comes with a side (I got fruit salad) and a drink. Yes I know bagels are not the most healthy bread, but I love me a good bagel, yes sir.

The thing that really moves this place up to 4 stars from 3 is the service. They asked my name and were very friendly, asking if it was my first time in, an repeating my name several times as I checked out and left. I got the feeling they were interested in my coming back and probably would remember my name.
Best bagels in arizona!! They blueberry bagels with blueberry creme cheese is amazing!! They are fresh daily, never hard or lacking flavor. They owners are amazing and the people definitely are friendly and remember me no matter how often or little I am in there. The prices are right and they will go above and beyond to toast your bagel exactly the way you want it! Even the young people there are very friendly and inviting!! Check it out and hit the gym next door, to keep that spare tire at bay! ;)
So I have to admit I love bagels for breakfast, lunch or dinner! I can honestly say I've never had a bad experience here! Great sun dried tomato with salsa cream cheese. Beats any other bagel joint in the city. (atleast the other ones I've been to) they have a lot to choose from even a delicious, gigantic breakfast burrito.
We stopped in for a quick breakfast on our way to Taliesin West.  My wife ordered an egg bagel with strawberry cream cheese and I opted for a breakfast burrito.  Her bagel was amazing, probably one of the best I've tried in years.  They had a great variety both of bagels and spreads.  The breakfast burrito was huge and quite tasty.  I wish though they had a half sized burrito as I ended up only needing about half of it.  It had a hefty price too at $7 but it was monster big.

We were disappointed in the coffee though.  My wife ordered an iced espresso mocha and it had a strong scorched taste.  I'm not sure if we caught them on a bad batch but it was enough of a disappointment to knock off a star for what is clearly a great local bagel joint.

Service was good and quick.  We were in and out in just minutes.  I definitely would recommend this place and would come back.  I'm certain the coffee is normally better.
We were looking for a quick breakfast place before heading to the airport to fly back home and came across Lox, Stock & Bagel on Yelp. I am a big fan of bagels but have never heard of them so figured we'd check it out based on other positive reviews. I'm pleased we did!  

I ordered the Hawaiian Bagel with honey almond cream cheese and a yogurt based raspberry fruit smoothie (because they don't offer chai tea lattes which are my hot morning drink of choice). The bagel had coconut and pineapple on the outside - top and bottom - and was super yummy!  The cream cheese spread was thick and obviously hand made because there were large pieces of sliced almonds in it. Yum!  And my smoothie was very good too. Better than I expected. 

My bf ordered the egg, cheese, and bacon breakfast sandwich on a marble rye bagel. He thought it was outstanding because they were fresh made eggs and not frozen patties and the bacon was also nice and crisp. His only complaint was the extremely hot coffee that burned his mouth and took forever to cool down. 

To sum it up; great bagels, lots of options, and freshly made food. Great quick breakfast!  Wish I had one near me in WI!
One of my favorite local places to go! Worth the money. Excellent bagels.  I have tried 80% of the menu over the last 10 years, and I don't think I have had anything that was not wonderful.  Tuna sandwich is my favorite!  Everyone is super sweet and I love that it is owner operated!
Ive been going to Lox for years and have never been anything but satisfied! The bagels are always extremely fresh, even close to closing time!  The variety of cream cheeses just makes my mouth water thinking about it!! But if you want to get something more unique their many different kinds of breakfast sandwiches will always fill you up!!  Not to mention all kinds of drinks from Juice, Milk, Chocolate milk, soda, coffee and more! Why would you go anywhere else!

The service has always been top knotch! The family owned restaurant are the friendliest around; area for kids to play with legos, tables you can move for larger groups and FREE WI-FI!!!!
This is my favorite bagel shop in the valley. Everything here is good! The prices are just a little more than what you're going to a chain bagel shop (but I'd rather pay a little more to be supporting a local establishment anyway... especially when the food is better). Plus there's some humorous jewish bumperstickers taped under the menu board.  Not only do I aprecciate it as a jew, but who else would you trust to run a bagel shop?

They have a great variety of bagels, and a decent variety of coffee flavors. I can't comment on the other food and drinks they have there, but if it's half as good as a bagel and cream cheese, then it's got to be great. 

The only negative is the parking. The shopping center Lox Stock & Bagel is located in is way too small compared to the shopping (and gym) space. You'll always find a spot that is a short walk away, so it's not too bad. It's just annoying that it's always hard to find a close spot.
I've been going to this place, literally since it opened, which is basically my entire life. The bagels have always been top notch, and they add a new flavor every year or two. The newest item is the bagel dog, which is a hebrew national hotdog wrapped in their bagel dough. Probably the best bagel dog ever made. I usually order a bagel sandwich.

The atmosphere is nice and relaxed, free wifi, and a TV with the sound off. One thing that needs to be cleared up. The bagels here are slightly more expensive than einsteins or comparable chain. However, these bagels are HUGE. Easily 50% larger than an einstein's bagel. If you get a bagel sandwich you will be full; lunch special is a GREAT deal. And this is a family owned place, and i'm sure most of us would rather support az families than corporate owners. 

Bottom Line: GO THERE, ORDER TURKEY CHIVE ON WHOLE WHEAT MIXED, :)
Service with a smile is just the beginning to this local bagel shop.  I highly recommend getting a mixed topping bagel with tuna, deli mustard, lettuce, tomato, and a slice of provolone cheese.  Dont pass up on getting a side of the tuna salad while you are at it.  This is by far the best bagel shop in the state.
For as expensive as this is, at least they could give you a real cup for coffee vs. styrofoam.
Lox stock is my favorite bagel place in town.  They do some wonderful catering also.  I always avoid the typical chain restaurants and while it may be hard to try a new place, you will be happy with the food at Lox Stock.  Let the boring and unadventerous go elsewhere.  It is quite possible the bagels at Lox Stock are the best you will find west of the Hudson River!
I finally had the pleasure of trying one of my neighborhood bagel shops this morning on a way to an early morning wake-up call event. After having passed by Lox Stock & Bagel many times after visiting the gym. I was feeling in the mood for a morning carbo load and this is the place for that!

I walked inside and was welcomed by the scent of freshly made bagels by a local bagel shop. The staff welcome me with huge smiles, regardless of the early hour. Fresh bagels lined the walls and the second I notice a pumpkin bagel, I knew this was my place. I ordered the pumpkin bagel with pumpkin cream cheese. Turkey day is only a couple days away so I had to embrace the pumpkin season.

The shop itself has a true neighborhood bagel shop feel to it. Locals sit and chat in the chairs and the owners are curious and eager to know their customers. That's half the fun of visiting a bagel shop and I missed that feel to others around town. Since I was in a hurry, I had to be on my way, but they wished me a good day and I couldn't wait to come back again

Oh and the bagel! I enjoyed the bagel in my car and yum it was tasty! The pumpkin bagel and cream cheese both had a strong flavor to it and I decided that a plain bagel with just pumpkin cream cheese or a pumpkin bagel with regular cream cheese would do the trick as well. I'm glad that I've found my new go-to spot for my bagel cravings!
I've been eating here for 10+ years. Never a bad meal and I've had everything. I'm allergic to corn and every bagel place out here has cornmeal on the bottom, not this place!  REAL BAGELS IN ARIZONA!!?? WOW. These taste just like the ones back home in New Jersey!!  Best toppings amount and bagel size in the valley.
When it comes to bagels in Scottsdale it doesn't get much better than lox.  My family and I have probably been going here for the past 14 years.  I am IN LOVE with the veggie cream cheese, nothing else compares!  

The staff is all so friendly, and they start to learn your name if there there enough!  The bagels are always fresh and delicious!  They even have really cute holiday baskets around the store!  

Wonderful place! I would recommend it to ANYONE!

:)
Best bagels on the planet, hands down. Great people too....moved to California 7 years ago but always stop by when i am in town visiting and they still call me by my name and act as if i am an everyday customer. It doesn't get any better than this place
After leaving another place without breakfast, we decided to try Lox Stock & Bagel.  This was a good choice.  Bagels and Bialys are really great.  I was able to get a great bialy sandwich.  My husband had the chicken salad bagel sandwich.  It was great tasting.  And my little girl was very entertained while she ate her scrambled eggs.  We will be coming back to taste other sandwiches.
This place has really good bagels. I don't crave bagels often, but when I do I come here. My favorite is the spinach pesto. This is probably the only place I've seen with this flavor. I like mines toasted with plain butter. Simple and yummy goodness.  

Their salads are good, too. I will alternate between the spinach salad and the red pepper chicken salad. The spinach salad is topped with bacon bits and sliced strawberries. The sliced chicken in the red pepper salad is kind of different. It looks slightly odd but it is really tasty. Both salads come lightly dressed (which I prefer) and in large portions. The first time I ordered it, I thought they had forgot to put the dressing on (that's how light it is). But when I tasted it, it was full of flavor. You easily can make two meals out of these salads. Their salad also comes with a bagel of your choice.

Excellent choice for breakfast or lunch. I've never had their bagel sandwiches but my coworkers all seem to enjoy them.
I took the morning spin class at the LA Fitness in the same shopping center as Lox Stock & Bagel. I then decided to ruin that workout with a bagel and cream cheese. I'm not disappointed with my choice. 

I tried a spinach and Pesto bagel with plain cream cheese. It's just as good as everything else I've ever tried from Lox Stock & Bagel. And I had to have their Jazzy Java. It's the greatest coffee in the valley. And even better; I just learned today that Lox Stock & Bagel sells bags of the grinded beans!
Yelp did it again.  It helped me locate this fantastic bagel shop. 

I was on a visit trip to visit the BFF and her fianc.  We read the reviews and decided to try this joint out.  

My first reaction: the bagels are HUGE.   I had the whole wheat mixed topping bagel with honey almond cream cheese.  Others ordered: sun dried tomato with plain cream cheese and blueberry with plain cream cheese.  

Great comments about the sun dried tomato bagel.  The blueberry bagel was okay.  Honey almond cream cheese was great, probably can be a little more sweet, but no complaints.  Mixed topping was salty but the honey almond balanced it out.  

The bagels did not disappoint; in addition to the size, it was soft and fresh.  The service was great.  

Two bagels with cream cheese and two coffees will run you about 12-13 dollars. 

Seating area is abundance and crowded on weekends.  

We used the "mention Yelp and get 6 free bagels."  A lady was gracious and thanked us for checking the place out.  

Definitely a place to go for some good bagels!
Super nice staff, clean establishment and GREAT food. Definitely recommend it and will be back again.
Awesome bagels, nice people.
Not only are their bagels delicious, but they have THE BEST COFFEE in the valley, hands down.  Add a touch of cream and a little sweetener to their hazelnut vanilla brew or their breakfast blend for a slightly less sweeter version and it's practically HEAVEN in cup.  I'm not kidding.  I am a serious coffee drinker (couldn't tell ,could you?) and I am very picky.  So picky that before I discovered Lox, I would only drink the coffee that I made for myself at home because no one else's was good enough.  However, now that I have had the glorious coffee from Lox Stock & Bagel even my own coffee doesn't measure up.  I literally stop by and pick up a cup from there almost every day. YUMMMM!
Best bagels you can find in Phoenix...family owned and operated...very simple spot...try it!
This place is close to my office, but I'd never been before. There was a  Groupon offered last week so I thought I'd try it out.

The good: my salt bagel was *actually* salty. Since most places have decided that sprinkling one or two crystals of kosher salt on a bagel is good enough, this made me happy. The service was quick and pleasant and the restaurant was clean and well-kept. Onion, lox, tomato, and cream cheese were all as one would expect.

The bad: yet another fluffy-thing advertising itself as a bagel. My bagel had no chew whatsoever. I get more resistance from an Einstein's bagel. 

I'll stick with Chompie's for now.
Family business bagel shops are my favorite.  I found this place through Groupon and decided to check it out.  The name itself intrigued me as Lox means salmon fillet that is cured.  I didn't go with salmon, but I got a honey wheat bagel with veggie lite cream cheese.  The cream cheese was freshly made with carrots, garlic, and celery.  It had a light taste to go with a healthy and hearty sized bagel.  My friends got croissants with cheese which tasted delicious as well.  The prices are very reasonable here and you can order bagels by the dozen.
On a nice thursday morning last week, I had nothing in my house to eat for breakfast. 

I had always seen this place because it's next door to my gym, so I figured I'd give it a chance.

THIS, is your local neighborhood bagelry. It's a fun vibe, the kind of place you want to sit and chat with friends.

Although I took my order to go, the lovely woman at the counter was a sweetheart. I ordered a very bizarre breakfast because I am trying to stay fit. Egg white scramble with swiss cheese....and a side of lox. She didn't judge me for my strange order. In fact, she commended me for it.

Thank God.

The lox were phenom! A little on the pricey side ($6.50 for 3oz), but everything good comes at a price. The egg white scramble was only $3. 

Everything tasted great. 

I am coming back. Not just because the food was awesome....but because I felt welcome.
4/11/11

It's been so long since I could enjoy bagels, since most are made w/ corn syrup and/or other additives and preservatives, that when I found out a couple of weeks ago, via online inquiry, that the bagels here aren't made w/ cornmeal, cornstarch, corn syrup, or baking powder, I knew I had to try this place!  By sheer luck, the day after the email notification came through, I was able to take advantage of a groupon for LSaB!  (However, that will have to wait another time to be used.)  As if I needed a third excuse to try this cafe, I found out that this venue is in the vicinity of where I work.  How lucky am I??

After a bit of adventure locating this place using the Yelp mapping directions, and then driving around the busy complex looking for a spot, I entered the cafe.  It seemed like luck was on my side again, bec. this place got busy right after I placed my order.  (BTW, business is still brisk as I'm typing this review!)  I couldn't decide what to try, so I decided to do two bagels: a French toast (w/ maple syrup and bacon bits baked in!) w/ honey-whipped peanut butter (Skippy-brand), and a sesame seed bagel w/ Nova lox cream cheese.  I asked that half of the bagels be toasted for me to eat here, so that I may take the other halves to-go.  No problem, said owner Michelle, and she gave me the spreads "on the side," so that I may have leftovers to take w/ me, as well.  I really like the personable service here, and I appreciate the patience and consideration shown to me by both Michelle and her employee in looking up ingredients for me.  Spotting the book I was holding (Picoult's Sing You Home), Michelle asked me if I was enjoying it (yes!), as she had just finished reading it herself last night.  Did I know that Picoult visits LSaB when she's in town??  What an interesting day that would be for me if I were to run into her on a future visit!  :)

Anyhoo, to make a long story as short as possible, I will say that I enjoyed the bagels so much, that I decided to try a third one- the wholegrain whole wheat bagel (again, half to-go), and I also ordered a small coffee.  Michelle uses the local roaster Espressions, which I was happy to hear since I have enjoyed Espressions in the past.  The wholegrain wheat bagel is definitely more dense than the other two, which were made w/ white flour.  LSaB also offers a fluffier honey whole wheat bagel made w/ a whole wheat and white flour blend.  Since I already had the sugar in the honey-whipped peanut butter to contend w/, I decided to go w/ the denser oatmeal-topped wholegrain bagel, which indeed was heartier and chewier than the other two- I liked it!

Can't wait to return, w/ or w/out the groupon!

(FYI, the bacon served here is from a local distributor, and while it doesn't contain celery juice/salt, it does contain cornstarch-- corn allergy sufferers beware.)
Great bagels.  I had the lox and it was delicious.  Would definitely return.
Great bagels, great chopped liver and very friendly staff.  Great deli.
Best breakfast burritos hands down. Nothing quite hits the spot like these bad boys.

I also recommend the French toast bagel. Great place to sit on the patio and enjoy a book on a lazy Sunday.
You like bagels?  Get them while there hot!
Service was really good... Food was so so... I would not go back
I'm a chicken salad connoisseur... this chicken salad was pretty good! Bagels are awesome and you can taste the difference. Perfect lunch spot.
The BEST bagels in the Valley!!  


Always on the lookout for great places to go with kids!
Looking for a quick, casual place for a bagel and coffee?  This could be your place.  Just know going in that it's no frills; it's exactly that: a quick, casual place for a bagel, muffin, coffee, or sandwich.  The menu is pretty limited beyond those things.

LS&B is a fast-casual concept where you order at the counter and pay and then sit down and they bring you your food.  I met a friend here recently for Sunday breakfast.  I had my husband in tow and she had two kids...  we had a decent experience but it definitely didn't blow me away.

My friend went with a bagel and lox plate (i assume this is their signature dish).  I had a bagel and egg sandwich, Jared had a couple of bagels, and the kids had a bagel and a large cookie.  The food was just ok.  I have to say I like the bagels better elsewhere in the Valley, and even in Detroit.  I know not to compare to NY or my rating would be even lower.  

Positive reasons for coming here are that they are super quick, they offer indoor and outdoor seating, friendly service, and a lego table where the little ones can play.  Parking is easy as well.
Worst Breakfast Burrito for too much money.  For $9 - basically scrambled eggs and a flour tortilla.   I told them not to add ham because I read on their web site before I drove over that there was bacon.  No bacon and could not taste the cheese.   I asked for light egg and potato and was talked out of it...  "we only put in 2 eggs"  Well it was one too many.   The salsa was the horrible NYC type.   We are too close to the border for that. It was nice and hot though.
I was overjoyed to find this place.I was stuck in a day long training and was looking for something to eat during my lunch break. Sweet! This place is so friendly and has such  nice vibe. The people who work here, (the owners?) were so nice and they seemed to have a lot of "regulars" from what I observed. I don't eat bagels very often, but, I was in definite need of some comfort food after a long morning and the anticipation  of a long afternoon. I ordered an egg and cheddar cheese bagel sandwich on a sesame bagel (I was jazzed I could get the breakfast sandwich at lunchtime) with a garden salad to go. When I got into my car I took a bite of my bagel sandwich........yum!! It was perfect and the best part of my day!
I will be back!
I friggin love this place. It has such a family feel, and you always see the same staff (a couple, I think they must be the owners) every weekend. They definitely don't let you take your time as you order before you pay, but you get your food very quickly and they bring it right over to your table. The bagels are delicious and the smoked salmon bagel (The Works) is enough for two-- just get an additional bagel with cream cheese and you're good!
WOW! This place has THE best bagels, hands down. I could eat their bagels everyday! I usually just get a toasted egg bagel with plain cream cheese and it's ALWAYS perfect. Sometimes I add lox and it's tasty too. They have many varieties of bagels and cream cheeses to choose from. You can eat there or take them home. My husband always gets one of their bagel breakfast sandwiches and it is consistently good. I have been going there since 1999 and have NEVER been disappointed. If you want to finally try what a bagel should taste like (be prepared to be hooked on it) you need to come here.
I have been goingt to Lox Stock and Bagel for years. It is a family owned, fresh out of the oven delicatessen and bakery. The bagels are the best in town and the cream cheese selection is wonderful. My favorite item is the fruit, yogurt and granola parfait, delicious! The best bagel hands down is the cinnamon goey. I can always count on Lox Stock to satisfy whatever bagel craving I am having at the moment. The coffee is always hot, the service is always fast and friendly and the food is always fabulous!
Lox Stock & Bagel offers great food in a friendly atmosphere.  From the bagels to the lox to the cream cheese everything is tasty and fresh. For a great meal of bagels, don't miss this!!
I went here a couple weeks ago to use a Groupon I had bought. I used to go here as a kid, and the place lived up to my memories. The bagels were dense, but in a good way, and the cream cheese was delicious. I got an everything bagel egg and cheese sandwich and that was very tasty. The BF got a blueberry bagel and liked that too. There's just something special about deli bagels and cream cheese.... nothing like ones you can get from the store. Also, these bagels were even better than Chompie's bagels have been lately, so that's a good thing.  We also had their coffee, which I thought wasn't great, but wasn't terrible. Despite this, I will definitely be back the next time I feel like a bagel.
Warm, fluffy insides with just the right amount of crisp on the outside. That's exactly what you'll get a LS&B, a place I totally heart. Their cream cheese is delicious, there is a huge variety of bagels and the owners are super friendly too. I haven't tried their lunch yet but hear great things about it. You can be in and out with your coffee and bagel in under 5 minutes or stick around and use their free wifi. 
Order the cream cheese on the side if you aren't a fan of having tons smothered on.
I LOVE this place!  The choice of bagels are amazing, there as so many selections of cream cheese, the place is adorable and the staff does a great job!

This is a "mom and pop" owned cafe and I really like supporting local & family owned businesses.  It's so important to support our neighborhoods and community.  

They do a delicious bagel turkey sandwich with melted cheese and tomatoes! It's faaaaaaabulous!!

LOVE Lox, Stock!  Keep up the great work!
Enjoyed the Veggie Bagel Sandwich today from Lox, Stock & Bagel.  I met the owner Michelle and she was very nice and made my sandwich just the way I liked it. I had the sesame bagel which complimented the whole veggie sandwich and gave it a nice flavor. I was also able to use the Yelp Offer for a free drink with my first check in.
As of this very second,
I was let down enough to leave it at three stars instead of 4 or 5. Why?
Oh yelp reviewers, i expect so much from your reviews and that is why i love and hate this site for the sole reason that you are made to believe that ever morsel of food entering your mouth will be complete bliss and nothing less (unless stated otherwise with words of caution).   The location was right next to an L.A. Fitness how convenient(My gym, not exactly as location, but you know what i mean!) so it should be easier to find look for L.A. fitness then look to the right and there you have it!  It is a cute place i could definitely seeing myself eat at every once in awhile if i were to live close by, i am all about small mom and pop type shops. 

So many bagels to choose from and things i have never even heard of or could remember at the top of my head.  What i did know at the time was i NEED to try the cinnamon gooey and the french toast. By the sounds of both they had my heart set on this breath taking image of cinnamony swirls gooey and delicious and a big mapley flavored french toast in the form of a bagel so crispy on the outside.  Out of 100% only 25% was filled with what i was imagining if not less than that(me being generous).  Severely disappointed with the cinnamon gooey because it was not what i expected what so ever. It was not really "crisp" it was fresh not hot but just MEH never again kind of a taste especially to pay extra because its a "special" bagel or whatever. Pshhh Not in my book. I could find better for less at Einsteins and its better but smaller and cinnamon on it is equally distributed unlike Lox's.  The honey almond cream cheese was not a winner. Just ordinary with a hint of honey and good amount of almond slivers.  The French toast bagel on the hand is different i loved the fluffiness in one bite! cannot wait to eat the rest this morning. The strawberry cream cheese was delicious but like i said you can always find something similar or better for less elsewhere.  It did not have a mapley flavor like i was hoping but the fluffiness caught my attention crisp and fluffy! NICE. 

Service was awesome i dont know what foursquare people are thinking or who they spoke with. I was grungy looking and they treated me fine. Now i can understand if you are being a Scottsdale typical snob and fitting the stereotype or just being a bitchy customer than you deserve it. Pardon my French but I will state it as it is.  I do not sugar coat honey.  The nice things with mom and pop places is that they have the right to refuse service but are trying to make their profit and probably can't say no to the people that are acting like douche bags. 

If i am in the area i will stop and try more again. But i will never go out of my way again for this(unless my best friend comes out i will go for that but that's it!)
I was skeptical when called and asked for open-faced on an everything bagel and the voice on the other line replied "what?" Then when I went to pick up my order I was a bit dismayed at the chaos of the place. It was not organized chaos like New York bagel shops that I am used to; where they haggle you as soon as you walk through the door. It was simply chaos. Bunch of kids running around while I stood there waiting. Finally one of the ladies caught my eye and helped me out. I don't necessarily expect top class service at a bagel shop but at least a greeting or acknowledgement is all I ask. Baring the somewhat odd experience, my reservations about LS&B were thrown out the window when tasting the open-faced tuna. Simple and delicious. Can't wait to try more of their food.
A Bagel Card!  Every seventh bagel and cream cheese free!  I didn't really need an excuse to get the best bagel I've ever had west of the Mississippi, but it doesn't hurt to have one!
I have a special place in my heart for this place since it is owned by some of the same people who started Bagel & Bagel, which was in STL and KC in the early/mid 90s, before being acquired, then ruined by Einstein's. Lox Stock & Bagel has many of the same B&B spreads that take me back to college days at KU. 
I'm kind of a bagel snob, was raised on and prefer east coast, water bagels. So this place is NOT that, but still tasty, consistent. 
The staff is very nice, and even though I moved almost two years ago, they always remember me by name when I'm back in town. It's got a great community vibe and they serve the locally made, China Myst tea (yum).
I can't recall the last time I tasted a bagel this good. . .

PROS: service was prompt, and just ever so slightly abrupt, but in a manner that was in no way offensive--their message is efficiency and they are damn good at it. Two types of iced tea were much appreciated. The bagel? Slightly crunchy on the outside and fresh and chewy (in a good way) on the inside. Perfectly toasted. Wonderful flavor!

CONS: only one--they don't have a store near my home

Why can't we get bagels like this on the Central Coast of CA? 

Cheers!
RS
Great bagels and coffee. Very kid friendly.
When I think of bagel places, I think of those deli like hole in the walls that are on every single corner in NY & NJ-where they fry the bacon and eggs right in front of you.
Since arriving in AZ, my only options include Einstein bagels(not bad..but their egg sandwiches stink), Supermarket bagels (boo) and Dunkin Donuts, which are nowhere close to me to even be an option.
This place is literally around the corner from my job. I had no idea it was in this strip mall (shocking). It feels like a real bagel place!!
I had a wonderful poppy seed bagel with egg, bacon and provolone.
It has some seating, is clean, and very friendly staff.
Nothing out of the ordinary with the decor, but I'm so excited to find this place that I can't wait to go back.
Overpriced and nothing special really, I had Bagel, Lox and works, all I got is 2 see through tiny pieces of lox for $10! Bagel was good and fresh but for this price I might as well go to Einstein bagels for more lox and cream cheese
Since I've posted my first review I've been contacted by the owners, who suggested that possible portion error has occurred and I should had received more lox. They offered complimentary  bagel and lox for my next visit. Well I did not came back to my free bagel yet but I'm changing my rating on this review first, because I appreciate and respect he owners who are not afraid to admit a mistake and also truly care about their business. And second, their bagels are simply delicious and yes lets support small local business and forget about Einstein Bagels :-D
Was there recently with my husband. We are very particular about our bagels and only buy from certain shops in the Westchester, NY area. I always check Yelp for their reviews and this one did not disappoint!! We love the whole wheat everything (covered with seeds, salt etc.) WW Bagels were not heavy (doughy) very slightly crispy on the outside and light on the inside. Bagels were delicious, but even better, were the everything bialy's. We each had our bagel, but were still hungry and shared a bialy, which we never do! Wow was that good and light. Not your typical onion in center NY bialy with poppy seeds, but more of a lighter version of this shops bagel.  We hate doughy bagels and bialys, so if you feel the same, this is the place for the spoiled New Yorker. We will be back on our next trip for sure...
Just a brief review to let you know that this is STILL a great local business that deserves your bagel business.

Small shop with 5 outside tables and seating for about 40 inside.  The bagels here are crusty on the outside and chewy inside.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  Place your order at the counter, pay, give cashier your name, and your order will be delivered in less than 5 minutes.

They have about 4-5 blends of coffee daily and, they offer free coffee with a yelp check in. (must order at least a bagel)

Prices are reasonable and they do have a punch card for dozens
If you are in arizona and in search of bagels, bialys, cream cheese spreads, danishes, lox, etc. .......this must become your go to place.

I discovered my family had been purchasing theirs at some other local establishment and it tasted awful. It tasted just as bad as frozen lenders bagels. I immediately told them we were taking a trip (aka 10 minute car ride) over to lox, stock, and bagel and actually stocking up on all the good stuff. 

I am also not usually one for small talk, but the owners and employees here and are so friendly that I can never help but to strike up a conversation with them.

You have to check this place out!
This is such a great bagel place! They have a great assortment of flavors of bagels, bilays and shmears!

I personally love a more crispy, not as doughy bagel and if you like that too, I would recommend the bilays! They are fantastic. They have less sugar and are crispier and lighter than an average bagel. 

I love the everything bialy or whole wheat bialy with the "dip" schmear add cucumber, tomatoes and capers. The dip spread is a salsa style schmear and should be tried at least once!

They also have an assortment of sandwiches and side salads, lox, and pasteries. I would also recommend their yummy cinnamon and sugar bagel chips that they use from day old bagels. They are amazing with a little bit of cream cheese!

Their passion fruit iced tea is almost a must while you are there.

The place is always busy but they have plenty of seating inside as well as a few tables and chairs outside. The service is very friendly. Also, if you check in on yelp, you get 1 free coffee or soda!

Love this place and i will definitley be back next time i am in Arizona!
Oooh, this is my favorite lunch place by my office.  Super nice staff, delicious bagels.  Go for the lox special thing, it's amazing.
These are the best bagels I have ever had in my life.  I have not been here personally, but a co-worker lives nearby and brings them in on Friday mornings. They are so fluffy and fat. I would like to go there myself to try other items on the meny. But as far as being a bagel shop, these guys got it right.
We ordered bagels, cream cheese and iced tea to take on our vacation to San Diego. Of course we had VIP treatment as they do with every customer. All the "extras" were very much appreciated as were the delicious food and drink. BEST bagels and ICED TEA! Thanks so much Michele!
Just ate here this morning after a long night of drinking and waking up with a hankering for some super delish bagels.  This place is a little far away from my lovely little spot of tempe, but it was nice to find a bagel nosh spot that isn't Einstein Bros.  Walking in, immediately hit with the intoxicating aroma of fresh baked goodies and coffee.  I definitely stood in front of the menu for about 5min trying to figure out my ultimate hunger quenching decision.  Ended up getting the everything bagel with some raspberry cream cheese.  Super toasty and delicious that I inhaled in approximately 5.25 minutes.  I had to get like 5 napkins to wipe away all the excess cream cheese that was all over my face.  It was probably the most attractive way that I've ever eaten a bagel.  To wash everything down I ordered a "fresh OJ" which was merely poured from a 2 gallon jug that was obviously not the freshly squeezed nectar that I was expecting to help hydrate and boost my vitamin C for the day.  This place had a lot of old people in it.  Not really my cup of tea, it needed more hipsters.  They have free wi-fi though!!!  So if you've been looking for that new place sit down and get a couple more chapters done on your new teen vamp novel done, you've found your perfect spot!! My overall experience was wonderful and I would recommend if you're one of those foodie bagel types.
While searching for an ATM machine on Saturday night, we saw this place off in the distance.  Drove by it and it looked pretty cool so we decided we would come to it in the morning before we headed out of town.  I rarely see stand alone bagel shops anymore so we really wanted to try it.

Walked in around 10 and the place was happening!  Tons of people were eating their food there and a few were getting things to go.  They had a wide variety of bagels and they also had bialys.  I had heard the word "bialy" before but had no idea of what they were so I asked the super helpful lady at the counter.  She explained that they are like a bagel, less tasty, but more healthy.  She explained they are baked and made without sugar.  I decided to try a plain one of those and got 2 everything bagels too.  My wife got an onion bagel and a rye bagel both with cream cheese.  Total for everything was a little over $10.00.  Not bad for 5 bagels, 2 of them with cream cheese.  These things were HUGE!   Bonus points too.......the lady packed Ziploc freezer bags and twist ties in our bag to go just in case we weren't going to eat them right away.   That was some good looking out!  So how did they taste?......

Bialy-  Not bad but the lady was right.  It was kind of like eating a hard dinner roll almost.  It was decent but I don't know if I would get one again.  I would maybe get a flavored one instead of plain.  Next trip to Scottsdale I will let you guys know ;-)

Everything Bagel-  I had these when we got home for dinner.  They were awesome!  These things were massive yet they tasted great.  Sometimes you get a large bagel and its dried out and airy....not these things!  I had one with just butter and one with peanut butter and jelly.  They were really great and super filling. 

I had a few bites of my wifes onion bagel too.  The onion bagel with cream cheese was really good.  Little tip here though that can save you a buck or two for you thrifty bastards ;-).  If you are buying 2 bagels and want cream cheese, only get one with cream cheese.  They slather these up with so much, you can scrape the excess off and use it on your other one.  You can then use that extra buck or two to tip the nice ladies that work here.

I would definitely come back here again when we go back to Scottsdale.  The girl taking care of us was super nice and helpful, the bagels were great and the price was decent.  Overall, a good shop to have around if you live in Scottsdale!
Really good bagels, friendly owners and workers, and clean too. I really enjoyed listening to the owner wandering around visiting with customers and their children. If you bring your children I think I saw a little lego'style play area. We had the deluxe lox and bagel breakfast and it was quite tasty. Loved the old-timey pics on the wall near the bathroom. This place smells warm and cozy and a little bit New York from the moment you walk in the door. Oh, and the cinnamon crunchy bagel chips were just this side of heaven.
Bagels are pretty good! They have so many different kinds and I was like a kid in a candy shop. I would have loved to order a bunch of bagels especially the most desert ones the like cinnamon ones. Only thing I was kinda sad about was when I ordered my juice I thought it would be fresh since it said fresh juice but the apple juice came from a 'Tree Top' or some brand like that container. Major bummer but I went there for the bagel not the juice. Still an awesome bagel. My only suggestion would be getting the Simply Apple juice if fresh is not possible.
Ny style
I've been coming here for years and it is definitely the best bagel shop in town!! They have a wide variety of bagels, cream cheese and sandwiches that are all delicious! I would personally recommend the egg and oreo bagels. Staff is friendly and prices are reasonable. They also have really good lemonade :)

Overall, if you're in the area or looking for a nice bagel/sandwich shop, check this place out!! Oh, and they offer a lot of coupons and specials on their Facebook page so be sure to check for those too!
Very good bagels and a lot of options!
Bagels are very good. It gets kudos for being a local small business.

If you are price conscious, you may get a little sticker shock, but keep in mind that it is a "ma & pa" business, and therefore doesn't have the purchasing power of a chain like Einstein.
I'm always on the lookout for a good bagel and cup of coffee. I was killing time until golf, so decided to read the newspaper, and have a cup of coffee. Noticed this small bagel shop and thought I would give it a try, and I'm glad I did.  There was a wide variety of bagels - you order it, they prepare it, and bring it to your seat. Since I had ordered just a bagel with cream cheese and was going to sit outside, I thought I would just wait for it.  Nope - they insisted I sit down and they would bring it to me.  Which they did, and fairly promptly too - it just seemed kind of strange.

The bagel was great, coffee was good, and the weather was nice - made a great morning, and I will try it again.
Nice local bagel shop, opens at 5:30AM, and not part of a chain which is a big plus.

NYC style?  Close enough for AZ.  

Bagels are as good as you will get in the Valley, just short of that chewy tasty bagel we all enjoy in NYC.  That said they aren't bad and there is a pretty good selection of bagels, spreads are also numerous (try the southwest!).

Owners are super nice, again yet another plus.

So a 4 for now, this is my second review and I will be back.  Bottom-line the positives outweighed the small dings I would highly recommend a visit.
This spot is our favorite place to bring the kids for some breakfast! The service and food are top notch!
I've been meaning to write a review for this amazing place and keep forgetting.  My Wife recommended riding our bikes there this morning for coffee and bagels while Grandma has the kids for a few hours.  

Bottom line, the bagels are the best in town (the closest you can get to NYC).  The owners are there everyday and greet everyone with a smile...which goes a long way with me and the staff is just as helpful and friendly.

Don't waste your time or money on any of the other bagel shops is town...this one is a can't miss!

Craig 

PS - it's a great place for kids too, they have etcha-sketch boards and play tables and both my kids love their bagels, donuts, and muffins.  

Enjoy!
Another great trip to Lox Stock!!
If you are looking for a friendly local bagel maker that really knows how to make home made chicken noodle soup and wonderful speads for his homemade bagels-you need to look no further. Super comfortable local vibe in the Paseo Shopping Center in McCormick Ranch-these folks moved from Kansas City many years ago and started their own shop. So if you dream of real bagels, lox and cream cheese-this is the place.
Not really sure what all the fuss is about.  Perhaps I'm biased ... my girlfriend is from Long Island, NY, and the bagel shops there are incredible.  The customer service here is good and the food is decent, but the prices are a little expensive for what you get, and what you get isn't that great.  Note: if you're going to charge $3 for orange juice, don't take out a cheap carton right in front of me and pour out some orange juice.  At least pretend it's fresh squeezed!  :-)
I've had a number of other bagels and today found out that I have been eating garbage. This place has the best bagels I have ever eaten in my life. Lox, Bagel and the Works is delish!! Coffee does not make your hair stand up or make your heart race - tastes great! Service is fast and friendly. Will definitely be back again. Place is small so get there early on weekends. There is seating outside too.
These are the best bagels you can get in Phoenix. DJ's in Fountain Hills is a close second. It is the closest you can get to a true NYC bagel. 
I typically get the bagels to go, though I know they have sandwich options for both Breakfast and Lunch.
My favorite bagel is the Black Russian. Pumpernickel with Sesame Seeds.
I am originally from NJ via NY so I know what a bagel is supposed to taste like; or so I thought! This place now set the bar for what a perfect bagel should both look and taste like. First of all, these bagels are the biggest bagels in have ever had. They are always fresh and when eaten at the restaurant, there is never a need to have them toasted. They have all the standard flavors and then some. My personal favorite is the whole wheat mixed. I have them scoop the innerds so there are no calories .
They make a great breakfast sandwich on a bagel with plenty of freshly scrambled egg and nice crisp bacon (if you ask for it) and your choice of cheese. The tuna and chicken salad are always fresh and tasty. They also make incredible potato salad! My mouth is watering just writing this review. 
The staff is always friendly. 
There are often Groupons and Restaurant.com savings.  
For a great breakfast, give Lox, Stock a try. You won't be disappointed.
I have been coming here for years and have checked out the other local Deli / Bagel Shops in the area. There isn't any that compare when it come to their bagel and bialys. I also really enjoy thier coffee.
The only bad thing I can say is...why can't they open one in N. Phoenix where I moved to!? This is the best bagel spot in Phoenix. Hands down. I'm writing this because I went out of my way on my 30th birthday to come here for lunch. Everything is always great. I used to frequent for morning bagels when I lived nearby. 

You can't get these kind of bagels at the chain places. These are hand crafted amd clearly made with the love of bagels in mind. 

I have had many other things on the menu but have tried many different bagel and schemer combos and even their Oreo Chicolate bagel was amazing! (Not a fan of sweet things that should be savory) 

I would recommend this place to anyone for any reason on any day. Gets a little crowded early mornings so be prepared to queue up a bit. 

Favorite bagels in AZ. And I've looked abd looked and looked ever since moving from CA.
Added a tip to my.credit card that I didn't put on, shorted me one from a half dozen. Bagels are tasty but I won't be back.
What wonderful bagels!  These have got to be the best bagels outside of New York.  Even then, LS&B would give some NYC bagel shops a run for their money.  The rye and pumpernickel bagels certainly satisfy that yearning for a far superior product than what is otherwise available elsewhere.

I am so glad to have found Lox Stock & Bagel.  The next time I am in the Phoenix area, I will make another visit.  Believe me, it is worth even a special trip from elsewhere in the valley.  Just wish there was one close to me at home.

Keep up the good work!
I've been coming here for 5 years when I'm in AZ from Maryland. Best food, nicest staff and just an all around excellent place! Great bagel for breakfast and great sandwiches for lunch!
This place really feels like you are asking your mom to make you a bagel based meals. She will give you just about anything you want and it will be delicious. 

My favorite is the egg, cheese and bacon on a sesame seed bagel. 

Prices are very reasonable.
Had to move it up to five stars. These people are great for large orders for those office breakfast meetings and helps to call it in before. Great Bagels, and have been around for a long time.  Same owners, and consistent good food.
We love coming here. The bagels and service are the best!
Love all their bagels and fresh veggie cream cheese. Everything I have ever tried has been good. Owners are always working and are very friendly.
Having tried many different bagel shops in the Valley I am always looking for  better bagel. I guess I am spoiled having grown up in Brooklyn, the home of the best bagels, just my opinion and actually many others too. I decided to try Lox Stock and Bagel today and was not disappointed. The bagels are tasty and the texture is just right. The toppings on the bagels are generous, some places seem as if they count the sesame seeds. One bagel didn't even make it home. It was my reward for driving to get them. I am now a fan and will be making this the home of my bagels of choice. The early opening, 5:30 AM is also
 plus.
It was OK -  bagels nothing to write home about, place was dirty & I waited forever for a juice with our bagels. 
I really like Big City Bagels MUCH better - best tasting bagels in AZ, simple clean place & quick, humble service.
My family checked this place out on a Sunday morning. Lots of choices on the menu and reasonable prices. Service was fast and very pleasant. My husband and I each ordered egg sandwiches on bagels and we ordered a toasted cinnamon raisin bagel with butter for my son. The thing that bowled me over is the taste of the bagels! They're made fresh in the store - never frozen like some national chain that shall remain nameless - and boy can you taste the difference. The bagels are fluffy and delicious. The owner came over and chatted with us and another family having breakfast there. She made us feel like VIPs. I love patronizing locally owned businesses and we'll definitely make Lox Stock & Bagel a regular stop for our family.
We love lox, stock and bagel. It is a great neighborhood breakfast place. The food prices are slightly high, but I guess you pay a premium for convenience. The bagels and lox are amazing here, but the freshness of the vegetables are hit and miss which is why I give it the 4 star rating. THe side dishes are also mediocre and I wouldn't suggest paying extra for the tuna or egg salad.
not really my cup of tea. nothing really wrong - just not great
I am surprised by all of these great reviews.  People comparing this place to bagels from New York.  No comparison whatsoever!  They lack any kind of flavor and the flavored cream cheeses barely contain anything to flavor them - very skimpy.  Great neighborhood atmosphere and I really wanted to love this place, but sadly will not return.
I really don't understand all the great reviews or the $ rating for price as I got none of that.  The bagel I had was ok nothing to write home about, maybe I would have liked a bialy but there wasn't anything to explain to me what the difference between the two is.  The bagel was reasonably priced at $1.29 but the schmear of Cream Cheese set me back $3!  Just regular cream cheese, nothing fancy cost me $3.  Just butter is a $2 up charge.  So now I am in $4.29 for a bagel and cream cheese.

I also ordered a small Cesar salad which was another disappointment.  I don't know what their idea of Cesar dressing is but it just tasted like they poured oil and vinegar and some crunch cheese on my salad.  No other flavors besides oil and vinegar so it was not appetizing at all.  It was so oily looking that my breakfast companion noticed and asked about it. I ate two bites before I had to push it away.

My total for a small cesar, the bagel and cream cheese and a medium iced tea came to $13.  At first I thought maybe I had been double charged for something but in the end I realized that their prices were just that overpriced.

The odd part is their menu is on cupboard doors behind the cook line which doesn't sound like that big of a deal but the owner kept opening them to look for stuff and then would leave the door open and walk away.  I was trying to figure out what I wanted to order but at any given time half the menu was facing the opposite direction from me.  Maybe all the great reviews come from their regulars who can put up with this kind of crap.
I wanted to update my previous review. I do have to say like another commenter that Lox Stock and Bagels is hands down the best w DJs ( my previous fave) a close second. My biggest plus is i can freeze the cut bagels in the freezer bag provided and they keep a LONG time. Pop it in the toaster and it tastes as good as the day you bought it.  My fabe is salt and other places you simply cannot freeze salt bagels. Except ones from LSB. The LSB salt bagels salt doesnt "melt" in the freezer and they dont become "chewy"  when toasted or thawed. A big plus for me.
After 5 years of searching over 3 different states, I have finally found my bagel place. Lox Stock & Bagel really has perfected the bagel sandwich. I ordered an Oreo cookie bagel with cream cheese and lox (yes an extremely bizarre but tasty request). The bagel was delicious! Even after putting the rest in the freezer, they still tasted delicious after being heated up. The owner even gave my roommate the remaining pastries from the previous day for free! She was so kind and extremely helpful. This is the only place in central Scottsdale to get bagels.
Wonderful warm welcome and delicious bagels!

My husband and I came in for the first time and I felt like we came over to a friend's house.  The owner offered to let us taste the bagels, made me a special order sandwich, and told us all about how their bagels are home made from scratch, every day.  She even reminded us that we get half a dozen bagels to take home with our check-in - how generous!

The bagels themselves are delicious, as were the fixins.  We ate them for serveral days afterwards: the pumpernickel is light and flavorful, the everything has tons of stuff on it, and the rest were great, too! We'll definitely be back!
A nice Jewish girl needs some carbs in the form of a bagel sometimes and I found just the place for my indulgence.  Came by twice last week while we were visiting.  They have a great selection of bagels.  I had the jalapeno cheese one day and a bagel egg sandwich the following day.  My husband LOVED his lox and bagel.  The owner was so nice and remembered me from my first visit.  I wish they were closer to my house but I do know we will be back on our next visit.
Six free bagels offered with any purchase if you check in. Learned that the bagels are steamed and not boiled and that lowers the bar really on expectations at this well named local joint. bagels are good in a pinch, but the Chive Cream cheese that is homemade was probably the best part of things. I also tried their potato salad and that was full of big chunks of red potatoes and celery and alot of mayo. It fell somewhere above the average quality. Most sandwiches about 10 bucks, so will possibly go try another item if they use quality deli meat, but will be back for cream cheese at least.
There are bagels and then there are BAGELS. And this small bagelry/caf has got that covered. Some of the most tender, tastiest I have ever sunk my teeth into.  I am not a local, but if I were, this would be a place I would frequent often. And that goes for Mr. B as well. He's the guy that would normally protest loudly when I suggest bagels. I had to practice some tough love, but not for long!

We came for breakfast.  I had a groupon. What a find, what a deal!

Their nice menu of bagel sandwiches (breakfast and lunch) was hard to choose from. But I ended up with a tuna melt on an everything bagel (poppy seeds, sesame seeds and toasted onion flakes). Big and fat, heavily seeded, then toasted to perfection, there was none better.  The tuna salad was lightly mixed with mayo and yogurt, and a crunch of celery.  Not fishy.  Place a generous scoop, a layer of tomato, and lastly, cheddar melted on top and you have, tah dah, a thing of beauty. It really satisfied me, and I have to confess, I ate the whole rockin' thing...both halves...not to mention the pickle wedge that snapped when you bit into it.

Mr. B could not pass by the Lox platter, named Lox Bagel and the Works. His was a showy, big plate that started with a sliced and toasted whole wheat everything bagel, slathered with a generous amount of cream cheese, then orchestrated to perfection with very thinly sliced, tender lox (that's really important, as well as being oh so fresh!), raw red onion and tomato slices. First bite, and all I heard was an orgasmic moan. He then launched into how wonderful it was. He chose their homemade chunky mayonnaise based potato salad for his side dish.  And of course, it also came with a fresh pickle.  A simply perfect dish worth every penny.

It is no surprise our sandwiches were this good after giving the owner the 5th degree. The bakers come in each day, in the middle of the night, to make the next day's booty. And obviously they are masters of the craft. And the lox? They are flown in from New York.

If this wasn't enough, please note dear Yelpers, with any purchase, your check in will get you a bag of 6 free bagels.  You choose from a nice variety.  And next time, if you bring in a paper copy of your positive review, your next purchase will get you a discount too.

Friendly, clean, comfortable, great quality, I cannot say enough good about this place. There is no second guessing this place. It is wonderful and reasonably priced. And Max A, I again thank you for sending me those good vibes so I would come here.
I will admit this review is biased, since the bagels here are the only ones I can eat, being that they're homemade AND not made with corn syrup, corn meal (at least not the ones I choose), or any other corn derivatives.  (I'm not positive about the flavored ones, such as the seasonal pumpkin bagel LS&B is offering right now through the end of the year, since "flavored" usually means "natural flavors" added, and these are derived from corn.)  Michelle, the owner, is always gracious, even when business is brisk.  It does get hectic at times, so if you're looking for more personable service, or need extra time to make a selection from all the choices offered here, you may find it best to let others go in front of you, and everyone, including yourself, will be less-frazzled.

Just took the last bite of the pumpkin bagel I tried for the first time morning, and I will most-definitely be returning to take a few more home on my next visit!  My other favorites are the Cinnamon-raisin (almost like dessert!), Marbled rye, and Honey whole wheat.

What would make me rate LS&B five stars??

1. Offer better cappuccinos and foam.  
2. Offer organic and/or Fair-trade coffee options.
3. Label coffees properly to denote those that are flavored- naturally, or otherwise.
4. Offer more non-GMO options* (breads, pastries, spreads, dairy items, and meats).

*I prefer to bring a tiny dipping vessel full of organic almond butter from home to top the bagel with, instead of taking more of the staff's time and patience grilling them on what ingredients are used in their spreads.  I'm going to assume they contain allergenic ingredients I'd do well to skip.
This was a great neighborhood find. I'm not huge on bagels, but I really like these. The bagels are made fresh everyday and are just right. Michelle, the owner, is very nice and friendly, even when obviously busy. I consider myself lucky to have this place right across the street. The World's Pickiest Eater and I usually get a Tuna Melt on Whole Wheat Mixed with Avocado added after it comes out of the toaster. So good and it is totally big enough to split.
This is my boyfriend and I's go to spot for a quick, delicious breakfast. Not only are their bagels delicious, they have a lot of other menu items that are great as well (I love their oatmeal and their breakfast burrito)! The owners, Pat and Michelle, are always there to greet us by name and have a quick chat. Great place, great food!
Bagel was great but found out at the register that I would have to pay a 50 surcharge for using a credit card. While I understand this policy it should be posted on the front door or someplace where you will see it before you order. Will make sure I have cash next time, don't want to pay 40% premium for a bagel.
Love this place. Only spot in phoenix that I can find a salt bagel. Staff is great and the coffee is awesome. Good place to sit outside with the doggies too. Only draw back is that it is kind of pricey.
I absolutely love this place. It's been around since I've been around and it's still just as good as the first day I had it. Same lady working there every since I can remember and it's such a sweet place. Bagels, doughnuts, bagel sandwiches, coffee, all sorts of stuff.
Great bagels and sandwiches. Wonderful people there also. For the first check in we got six free bagels. They are great. Very fluffy compared to most other places where it feels like your jaw is giving out chewing up one. Their bagels are good both toasted and not. 

Recommended for sure.
We agree with others that the bagels are average, definitely not superior. Better bagels can be found in Scottsdale at Big City Bagels. The food is generally expensive for this type of fare. The hours are nice for those who want to get an early start to the day  (they open at 5:30 AM). The owner likes to keep it pretty chilly in the restaurant. Their excuse is that the workers are warm. Never mind the customers I guess. Also, they have the music jacked up too loud making it difficult to hold a conversation or relax and read the paper with a sandwich, coffee, and paper. We also didn't like the fact that in the December 2013 restaurant inspections, they had seven violations. By far the most of any other restaurant rated in the paper for that month. Just by looking at the place it's pretty easy to tell why that is. Not overly clean and not much attention given to the ambiance.
Wow what can I say?! These bagels are my favorite in Scottsdale. Whenever I get the chance, I stop here for breakfast. Fluffy on the inside, and toasted beautifully on the outside, these bagels are definitely made with love. They offer loads of toppings, and some of the best cream cheese I've ever had! Plus they have killer Yelp deals!!

They sure satisfy my major bagel craving!!!
Word on the streets was was that Lox Stock & Bagel was a really good local breakfast/lunch spot, so when I saw a groupon deal I though I would give it a try.  Upon entering, I was happy to find there was   not a long line, and the inside was larger than I had expected, you can actually sit and have a nice comfortable lunch here. 

Unfortunately the groupon for some reason was not working, nor would they honor the deal, but I will let that slide because the service was fast and friendly. There was a large variety of bagels, cream cheeses, and fillings. I opted for the cheddar jalapeno bagel with ham, eggs, and cheese.  It was large, with a good portion of ham, a soft tasty bagel, all put together very neatly so was not difficult to eat.  I was also pleased to find decent hot chocolate here, not too watered down like I find at other places, and I requested it with caramel- YUM YUM YUM.

Had to update to a well deserved 5 stars after trying their breakfast burrito.  Came with eggs, cheese, potatoes, bacon and ham.  It was like I died and went to burrito heaven.  Hands down best breakfast burrito in town.
Delicious. This is a real bagel place. How do I know? They have salt bagels. Nuf said. Star deducted for lack of ambience. Lackluster decor in a strip mall setting.
This place is decent, but not quite what it was yelped up to be.  One reason is they give 6 bagels in exchange for a positive review. Bagels are good, but the lox and breakfast burrito were just ok.
We ordered 2 lox bagels with eggs for $7.5 each. The bagel was small, no additions were served. Most importantly, the cafe latte was spoiled due to the milk that was expired. They told us that they haven't used the cappuccino machine in a while (!?). We have had a bad experience with this place.
The people working here were so sweet and friendly! They were super quick with making my lunch also! My protein salad was huge and delicious! Super fresh.. The dressing tasted homemade. This place is definitely going to be a new favorite for me! They have me 6 free bagels with my check in.. I bought some whipped honey peanut butter to take with me and I am beyond happy! This place made my day!
Delicious large bagels and bialys that toast really well.  Great selection of sandwiches and homemade salads. Quick and very friendly service.
Breakfast burrito:  Ham, Egg, Bacon, Potatoes and Cheese Wrapped Into a Grande Flour Tortilla. Yum!

Toasty croissant with sausage, egg and cheese. Yum!

6 free bagels of our choice with our Yelp check in.  Score!

I sooo wanted a lox and bagel but being preggy, I sadly had to pass.  But it looked deelish from what I saw at the table next to us.

I thought it was cute they had a little legos table there to occupy the kiddies.

Staff was friendly and we will be back if we're in the area again.....
"I'm from New York and it's hard to find a good bagel anywhere in town.", a lady in line behind me replied, "Oh ya? I was born and raised in Brooklyn. You're right, this is the best place." That's the conversation I overheard while in line on Sunday ordering my sandwich and my kids cinnamon roll from the Owner Michelle at Lox, Stock & Bagel this past Sunday. The place was packed, the line was moving quickly, the staff has the ordering, checking out and delivering food down pat and people were coming in droves. The bagels, sandwiches, & coffee are the best I think because they are 1. authentic, 2. not from a chain restaurant, 3. served up by the same, nice as pie, personable owner's and people on the planet. THEY REMEMBER YOUR NAME!! Lox, Stock & Bagel, Michelle, her husband and their staff makes what is so great about McCormick Ranch. We have places that are so good, so fresh, so unique, like a little subculture that makes us special. Spread the word, The food is great, they cater and they deserve every bit of business and attention.
The bagels are fresh and tasty. 

The sandwiches are well made but seemed a little shy on the meat and cheese. 

This place is great and I'd suggest it to anyone. 

Side note, the 12 year old girl that took my order over charged me by $3.00. When I told her she looked at me curiously as if she didn't understand what I said and then moved on to the next customer. The meal and dozen bagels I ordered were worth it and the $3.00 let's just say ended up being part of her tip.
Let me just preface by saying that I am very picky about my bagels and bagel shops. I used to work at a wonderful shop with great bagels back in the day. It's been hard to find a good bagel in the valley since.

My husband and I were in the mood for some bagel sandwiches. After being disappointed with the bagel shop selections located around us, we were determined to try to find "the one". After scoping out Yelp, seeing it was close-by and had great reviews we decided to try Lox, Stock & Bagel.

From the moment we walked in we were greeted by Patrick, Michelle and staff I knew we hit the jackpot. They were so personable and friendly, honored our Yelp 6 free bagels without question and were super patient with our large order.

As for the menu, lots of selection! Our food arrived in the right amount of time AND the whole wheat mixed bagel is nothing short of incredible!

Loved the chill, comfy atmosphere. (although, I'm not going to lie--the big mirrors on the wall need to go!)

We will definitely be back--with our 3 1/2 year old, since there was plenty of kid toys to keep him busy while we take our time eating. 

Can't wait to try one of the bagels we brought home for breakfast tomorrow morning!
They sell bagels to Courtesy Chevrolet's cafe, and I couldn't believe my taste buds.  This bagel is equal to any I've ever had, even the old H&H in NYC.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'll be coming back to the Chevy dealer for breakfast because I live so far away from their shop.
I love Lox, Stock and Bagel. I've been going there from over 10 years and couldn't be happier with the food, service and fellowship. Yes, I said fellowship! I go there so often that I latched on to a group of guys who meet for coffee most mornings. It's a great place to meet new people or hang with old friends. Thanks Lox, Stock for making me feel part of something special.
My new favorite bagel place! One morning I was in the mood for a bagel, but didn't want to go to the usual chain restaurant that I live by. Checked yelp and drove a few miles south to check his place out. The food was delicious and the service was amazing. I didn't realize there was a check in deal and when I told the lady I heard about this place on yelp, she reminded me that I get 6 free bagels just for checking in. Uh whattt! Most places never mention their check in deals. Some places even refuse to honor them! 5 stars for the food and service!
As relocated New Yorkers, we have searched for a good deli to satisfy our noshing needs. Sadly, this is not that place. The bagels tasted like Wonder Bread. You can get better Nova at Costco. The one thing NYC you ask? The prices! WAY too high given the mediocre food. So, We keep looking ...
I am from the east coast so I know my way around a bagel shop. This is literally the  BEST bagel place in Phoenix. Crunchy crust, soft chewy center, toppings piled high. I would go every single weekend if it weren't a bit far. *owners: open a Tempe location please ;)
The Lox works was okay - overall the taste and ingredients was okay. The service is friendly but slow.
Best everything bagel on earth.
what a GREAT surprise...they welcome you as if you are(loved) family..the food was OUTSTANDING...plates looked gorgeous..we can't wait to go back(oddly enough we have lived here 25 years and never knew this restaurant existed)...it's FABULOUS

If you want a GREAT at a great price...eat at Lox, Stock and Bagel

Carol and Michael
Outrageous prices. Bagels are ok. The "extras" like cream cheese are obnoxiously priced.  1 croissant and 1 cinnamon roll costs over $5.50. These are the same croissants that sell for about $5 a dozen at Costco. Basically, expect to pay airport or amusement park prices for mediocre fare. 
Even though they are less than 1/2 mile from me, I will drive 10 minutes elsewhere to get a bagel.
I went to this place for lunch the other day. I had found a Groupon and wanted to use it!  I cannot ever pass up cute mom & pop type places that have my fav type of sandwich- egg salad! 

This place was amazing though. Upon entering, I noticed a bunch of people that seemed like they were "regulars". They knew the employees by name which I love seeing. Also, there were so many bagels to choose from (I got two for breakfast the rest of this week). 

I got the egg salad sandwich, potato salad as a side, a drink and two bagels.  It was all covered by my $7 groupon so I'd say that was a MAJOR WIN. The people who work there were so nice and told me they had been in business for over 20 years! I can't wait to go back!
Being from Connecticut we were looking for a good place for breakfast and boy did we find it. So much to choose from and the people are so friendly and helpful. The sundried tomato bagel was delicious!! We have been back 3 times since our first visit. Such a great value.
I seek out bagel places when I'm on vacation, so have a pretty good stock of them for comparison - this one didn't disappoint! Good selection, nice service, plenty of room - I'd definitely come back and try more flavors if I was in the area again.
Big City Bagels is somewhere between a bagel cafe and Einstein.  They don't have all the trappings of a cafe (no egg salad, none of that)  but they do have nice normal bagel flavors and the bagels were slightly better than Einstein.  

They have a huge Snapple fridge which excited me, but alas, no regular Snapple.  Why is everything diet here?  I don't get it.
Very good bagels compared to everything else that is around. I am from the east coast so I am used to better bagels than I get here in Arizona, but this is the best place around. I have gone here many times and have never been disappointed. I enjoy their everything bagels and cinnamon raisin bagels. 

I have tried one of their lunch sandwiches before, which was also very good. If you are looking for a good, quick breakfast and enjoy bagels I would definitely suggest going here.
I always order a cinnamon-raisin bagel toasted with butter, and every time I always complain that I wish there were more raisins in it!    It seems like at least half of my bites are just dough, no raisins.  But that is the only thing I could complain about!

The service is always fast in the morning and the people who work here are super nice.  I definitely recommend it!
This is the type of place we should support in the economic times we are in. A family owned and operated business with GREAT food, for a fair price, with friendly service. They dont hassle you will bull$#!t promotions like the major chains do. I eat here as often as I can.
Had lunch here today.  Great selection of bagels and way better than the chain bagel places here in AZ ( but not as good as bagels from back in NY!)

I really like that the bagels have toppings on both sides and they serve boars head meat...along with snapple.  Good place for a quick breakfast or lunch!
I'm rarely in Scottsdale, but I had meetings all day.  I asked a coworker where to go for lunch and he made the suggestion we hit up Big City Bagels.  I'm so glad we did.  

I had a BLT Bagel to fulfill my bacon craving.  The bacon was crispy and there was plenty of it.  The sandwich was great, filling without being heavy.  The veggies were fresh and tasty.  The staff was friendly and I was quite impressed.  Now I'm looking for a reason to go back to Scottsdale for another lunch!
Hungry, I ventured out to find Big City Bagels. I plugged the address into my new phone and headed out. 15 minutes later and I was pissed off and wondering if I had a retard sandwich for breakfast. I could NOT find this place, and kept being told "you have arrived" when passing an empty field. I looked online for better directions and still couldn't find this place, I finally decided to give up and head somewhere else when I exclaimed "holy shit!" I found it. 

The moral of the story? Their address of N Pima doesn't work well with GPS thanks to the city of Scottsdale changing the road but NOT any of the business addresses so here... 


Corner of Hayden and Frank Loyd Wright next to BedMart and Staples and 4 Peaks Brewery. 

Okay now I am over it.... 

I very much enjoyed the veggie sandwich on the onion bagel, everything was very fresh and very tasty, with drink and cookie it came to about $5.50 for lunch. Well worth it. I will go back for sure and have lunch.
Sure beats Einsteins...The bagel and lox...not too shabby.  Bagels are a little more chewy than bready which is a plus!  Good coffee.
Great Bagels! For a really long time I would hhave had to say that Chompies was my fav bagel... NO LONGER!

We went middle of a Sunday...and they were out of a few varieties, but what they did have were all very fresh and tasty.

We also took home a few of there blended cream cheese selections... also very good.

Stevie G gives Big City Bagels a big thumbs up!
Very tasty bagel sandwiches here.  Many coffee choices in the morning too, which is nice.  Prices reasonable.  Staff was friendly.  Parking good.  Not much more I could ask for.
You're not going to do much better in the Phoenix Metro area.  Sure you can go to Chompies, but after 25 years, its nice to have another option.  They get my business when I'm in N. Scottsdale.
A nice little spot where you can get a really good bagel.  While it's not the best that I've had in the valley, Big City Bagels is certainly better than any of the chain Bagel places.

Prices are really low, especially when you consider the area Big City Bagels is located.  I'll take $2.50 for a bagel with cream cheese anytime.  BCB also offers a good list of other breakfast food, sandwiches, and a decent variety of coffees.   It's a little bit hidden in that massive shopping center at Hayden and Frank Lloyd Wright, by Four Peaks.  But when you find it, Big City Bagels is definitely worth skipping your usual chain bagel shop for.
I was never excited about bagels before in my life until Big City.  Now I look forward to sneaking over there a few times a week for one of their freshly made delicacies.  BCB is family owned and family run and the kids are just wonderful, hard working people.  

I know that they have specials after two for a dozen bagels and they look like they wonderful sandwiches.  All that I know thus far is that the quality of their bagels is second to none.  They are larger than the competitors and prepared better.  The coffee is great, and is self serve.  The store is clean and has about 5 or 6 tables outside so you may enjoy your day or take your dog along for a bite.

I never thought I'd be raving about something as "blah" as a bagel.  But BCB is so much more than that.  Enjoy!
This place has amazing bagels. I feel like im back east.  They have half priced bagels I believe after 2pm and close at 2:30pm  Im not positive about those times.  But go here you wont be disappointed and if you are you dont know good bagels.
From a girl who was spoiled by NYC bagels for 20+ years, I have yet to find a better bagel in AZ.  Einsteins, Lox, Stox, Chompies and most other are chewier and tougher, but Big City, is simply a big, soft bagel the way God intended it.  It's a small, straight-forward, no-frills store, hardly a wait, nice people, low prices and they just make the damn bagels right.  You should try it if you like bagels. 
If you enter the shopping center from Hayden Rd. you'll find it right away, as the store is on the back side of all the stores on Pima; roughly behind Staples.
My mom and I stopped here for a quick lunch one day and enjoyed the food! We each got a sandwich and each were fresh and tasty! Staff was friendly and welcoming too! My only suggestion for them is to have some sweet stuff out where we can see them because if I saw something sweet (and I know you have sweet stuff for sale) then I would have probably bought something sweet :) Oh and when the weather is nice this would be a great place to chill outside (they have a patio out front).
Big City Bagels does a very nice job.

Now that Brooklyn Bagels (Desert Ridge) is closed, Big City is the only game in North Scottsdale.  They tend make what I call plump bagels.  In other words, you might not see an opening in the middle.  But they are great for making sandwiches and tasty too.

If you are an early riser, I would highly recommend coming here early and getting the bagels when they're still toasty hot.  The smells inside the store are amazing and don't forget to get your card stamped.

Enjoy!
Best bagels in scottsdale.. Excellent coffee..
Remember High School football when there was the A & B Freshmen teams? Well Big City is on my B Team. I go here when my top choice is swamped.

They have a decent selection of Bagels and assorted breakfast type sandwiches and sodas. There is a nice outside patio.

The major problem I have with this place is that they don't understand the phrase "EZ    on the Butter". Invariably I have to sponge off the extra gobs of butter from the Bagel. It must be a New York thing. Someone please pass me the secret code.
Below average bagels. Eggs had no taste. Fast service.
Great Bagels and people were very nice. We will be back soon! Love the mom and pop feel.
Really friendly folks serving up good breakfast grub and great coffee.
great options for bagel sandwiches.
came here for breakfast to fuel up for skating practice.  
ordered the ham omelet bagel.
they have egg beaters, meaning a nice protein packed sandwich with less cholesterol and fat.  
the bagel was very good and chewy.
very happy with the service as well.
friendly place.
They microwave the eggs and meat and didn't have any bagels at left at 9am.  Won't be returning, though the service was ok.
In my constant quest to find good bagels in AZ I came across Big City and figured I'd give them a shot.  The bagels are great!  Again, the salt bagels here don't have the rocky salt that I'm used to but this place does a nice job.  The salt, everything, poppy and onion are delicious and they have a Hawaiian, which I didn't think would be good but I ended up loving it (it has coconut and I think pineapple).  The cream cheese is very good and they put the right amount on, at least for my taste.  I like the fact that these aren't the pale bagels you mostly see out here, these are crispy outside with a nice toasty brown color.

Husband loves the weekend omelet sandwich.  Convenient location and parking - major plus.  I take bagels to go each time and I freeze them - these defrost and toast up great, another plus.
This is a nice spot.  I'd say their prices seem pretty reasonable.  Everyone seemed quite friendly. I've been there twice and not disappointed. Manly for bagels and cream cheese but their sandwiches look pretty good as well. 

There aren't that many breakfast places left, and this one is one of the better, if not the best one.
Best bagels in scottsdale.. Excellent coffee..family owned. Great service. Highly recommended
Have been coming for a while and when I come in the door, they know my order.  Love it!  Thanks.
I really didn't think there would be any decent bagels in AZ. Thanks for proving me wrong. These are true bagels that a NY native can enjoy. Interesting flavors too.
Another solid turkey sandwich and this places uses Boars Head and gives you three turkey flavor choices. All sandwiches include a pickle and your choice of sides. All the salads though are not homemade and come via Boars Head. Just pick the bag of chips to be safe. The signature sandwiches are about 8 bucks and those apparently include double the meat, but it really just looked like a normal sized sandwich. The make your own sandwich is a buck less. Very friendly sandwich maker and the bagels do appear to be boiled before baking, so that is a plus, except charging $1.10 for a bagel and then adding extra for a specialty bagel is a bit overpriced. All bagels should be 99 cents, crossing the dollar mark has gotten under my skin.
Great place! Great people! Awesome food! The White fish salad is perfect along with everything else they serve. Hope they remain in business for a long time..
Nothing to write home about.
Just found out about this place 3 weeks ago and have gone at least once a week since.  The place is very clean, everyone is extremely nice, and the breakfast bagel I keep getting is bomb!!!  Best bagel place I have found since moving to AZ from WA.
Good selection of bagels and cream cheeses. My toasted Everything Bagel is so warm and soft inside - perfect!
Always super friendly staff here.  My egg and cheese bagel was very good.  It was nice to eat out on their small patio.  They have a good selection of various coffees.
Great selection of bagels and super friendly staff. I love the fact that they don't dilute their whitefish salad with cheap fillers, like so many others do these days. They carry the Acme brand whitefish, which is my favorite and the best in my opinion. Their bagels are delicious. Their lox spread cream cheese is pretty good too!
Ummm, if I could give this place 10 stars I would! I come in here every day almost (not good, right lol) but every time I get the best, fastest service ever! And everyone is so damn nice I just love the environment and the people. And the food....oh my! So amazing. I have no had one time where I was the SLIGHTEST bit unhappy! Namaste!
Great bagel shop! I love their selection of bagels and sandwiches. They cater our business meetings on Friday mornings and everyone is always satisfied to see their smiling faces as they deliver them. I stop in occasionally for breakfast and they always remember exactly what I order. Amazing customer service and very friendly staff.
If you know what a real bagel is... then you will understand that this is where you can get a real bagel! Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even. not to mention a great basic egg bagel. Then you have enormous sized sandwiches. And red potato salad to die for. The fruit salad is also amazing fresh cut on site fruit- not your typical nasty slimy fruit salad. Great food. Best bagels. Good atmosphere and in a great location.
I took my Manhattanite-turned-Socal girl friend here and she was SO EXCITED to have a real NYC bagel. enough said!
Bins of bagels? Check.
Tubs of cream cheese in the case? Check.
Assorted salads? Check.
Snapple? Check.
Big huge fish in the case staring up at you? 

Well, it was almost there.  I won't lie, these bagels aren't half bad.   They have a great selection and the line moves at a good pace, its well controlled.  I was in and out with a really good bagel in no time flat.   The bagel itself was very good, only slightly over doughy, but the outside was nice and crisp.  The cream cheese was also good, it melted perfectly in my toasted bagel.   They have a whole fridge with a great assortment of Snapple.  Really, it is all I could probably ask for in a bagel shop here.  I've giving it 5 stars, but really its a 4.5.   It's a quick drive into Fountain Hills for me but for your average person its probably a bit of a trek.
This place rocks, and rolls, and bagels.  The deli sandwiches are huge and fantastic.  Especially the Italian Sub and the triple decker club on an everything bagel.  Sides are pretty good too.  Cucumber salad is a good choice becasue the sandwiches are huge.  This place is a real gem for FH- especially if you don't feel like rolling all the way down to Chompies.
The bagels at DJ's are great and they have a lot of choices in their menu. It's a great place to go for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I enjoy their bagel sandwiches (including breakfast sandwiches), their salads (especially their caesar salad with bagel chips), their omelets, and their orange juice. They also have green tea. It's just China Mist, but most restaurants don't have green tea, and it's pretty good (fresh brewed).

A bagel sandwich costs about 6 or 7 bucks (depending on what kind) and comes with a side. Sides include potato salad, macaroni salad, cucumber salad, and potato chips.

They also have good cinnamon rolls and muffins.

Check 'em out if you get a chance!
The huge sandwichs are good for lunch, but don't miss out on their breakfast omelets. Its a great place to people watch on Saturday mornings. I have honestly never had their bagels, because I am too in love with their egg creations.
The food is great but it's the service that never fails to impress. The employees seem to be young, high-schoolish age and that often leads to indifferent service. Not the case here. Friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable about the menu.
Nothing bad to say about this bagel shop. Def one of the prized cafes in fountain hills. I enjoy the bacon egg and cheese on an everything begal witha little honey mustard. Fresh fresh begals and delicious eggs! A must try if you are in the hills!
If you ever visit Fountain Hills, you must stop off for breakfast or lunch at this remarkable Bagel shop. My wife and I had lunch there. I ordered a peppered turkey with salami and pepper jack cheese on an everything bagel. The bagel was toasted just right...not burnt. They aren't stingy on the meats either. When you get your sandwich, you wonder how in the heck are you going to take a bite out of it, cause it's huge!! For the sides, instead of ordering chips, you can have potato, pasta or cucumber salad. My all time favorite is the cucumber salad which has cucumbers, scallions and celery. It is a refreshing salad. 

This place is a whole lot better than going to Chompie's.
I am a morning person. I hate going to the gym on Friday mornings. The only good thing that I get out of it is going to DJ's when I am done. It's always clean and even though it's always busy, the line moves really quickly. I actually wish it would move a little slower so I can look at everything they have, but the best so far is a turkey bagle on 7 grain and of course toasted. The girls who work there are all young, but always have quick answers to all of my questions. I love it!!!
Awesome place for breakfast.  Haven't been here for lunch, but everytime I'm here visiting my wife and I make it a point to stop here.  The bagels are top notch and we always have to fly some home with us.  The service is always friendly and quick, as well.
Mix great breakfast food with even better service and what do you end up with?  A visit to DJ's Bagel Cafe.

We snuck out for a quick breakfast bite and scanned the strip malls for places to eat.  I remember seeing "cafe" so we walked on over.  Turns out its a bagel place but heck we're here and well, its packed.

There was a special bagel sandwich, somebody's special bagel... with 2 scrambled eggs, bacon, thin sliced ham, sausage patty, and cheese on a lightly toasted bagel.  It puts McDonald's Egg McMuffin to shame.  And some fresh OJ to boot and you've got yourself a meal.

Service was wonderful, the gals were friendly and helpful.  An enjoyable dining experience.
Einsteins and other chain bagel haunts have done a good job of schmearing our expectations when it comes to bagels and sandwiches.  The absolute mediocrity of their offerings have all but ensured that I only drop by in desperate breakfast circumstances.  But those low expectations were changed with DJ's.  No dry and endless chewable bagels here.  Everything is moist and vibrant and I have reason again to consider the bagel as adequate end tables to my sandwich selections.  Great place in a great little town.
I was late for golf this morning, so I wasn't able to grab anything for breakfast.  Heading to We-Ko-Pa I was going through the culinary desert of Fountain Hills, so I thought I would look for a breakfast place.  A church had just let out (yes, on a Wednesday morning) , so I decided that I would follow the church members.  It was a good idea, and a bad idea. 

The good part was that they led me to DJ Bagels.  The bad part was that with all the church members, it was crowded.  It was mostly an older crowd, so being old, but fast, I darted to the front of the line and ordered their special breakfast sandwich, which was the first thing on their blackboard.  And was it ever good!!  It had bacon, ham, egg, sausage, your choice of cheese, and your choice of bagel.  All for $4.99.  What a great breakfast sandwich.

As I waited for the sandwich, I took some time to look at their full menu, and watch the servers take the orders to the customers.  The service was great - and the servers seemed to know a lot of their customers.  And even with the crowd, they always seemed to match up the order with the right person.  And their menu was enticing, a lot of natural choices, and really interesting combinations.

From now on, when I golf in Fountain Hills, I know where to go for a quick breakfast.
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff , clean and happy staff.  Lox and cream cheese with capers on a toasted garlic... YUMMMM
Great bagels, friendly atmosphere, inviting ambiance. Come see it for yourself.
Best bagels outside of Chicago - Hands down.  For the longest time, my family and I thought Chompie's was our only option for bagels...dry, hard bagels...until we found DJ's Bagel Cafe right around the corner from their house.  I have never eaten breakfast there, but their bagels will keep us going back every week.  With a Baker's Dozen of bagels on sale every Friday, I know when I come to visit my parents from Tucson that I will always have some quality bagels to take back with me.  Great service, great bagels!!!  HIGHLY recommend!!!
Great bagels & bialeys!  Service was great, food was fresh, bagels & bialeys were like NY! I'll be a regular here! Also check for specials on Tues & Fridays
Taylor ham, egg and cheese on an everything bagle toasted followed by 18 holes at desert canyon.... Amazing
This is a short one since it's not based on much. My boss brought these bagels in this morning, so I didn't experience the exceptional customer service that other reviews mention. I have no idea how clean the place is or if the location is any good. I do know that these bagels are great. I picked a sesame bagel which was particularly dark, toasted it and added some light plain cream cheese. Delicous. (And I usually have a policy against lowfat dairy!)
I'll have to go check out the place next time I'm up there.
This is not only the best bagel place in the area, but possibly the best in the state. I come from New York where we believe we invented all good food, but especially the bagel (and pizza, but that's another story).

I have to admit that after living in Chicago for 30 years I never found a place there (that's still open) that makes a bagel as good as these are.

All varieties (even the fruity ones), a smoked salmon spread that they didn't just wave the lox over, and a bagel and lox plate reminiscent of the good old days.

Service is outstanding, and yes, I've never been there when it's not crowded, but there are almost always tables available outside, and even inside, the crowd is friendly.

I would say that if you enjoy a good bagel, you don't want to miss this place.
Its was a busy little place, but they had really great bagels and breakfast choices. We stopped in there for a quick bit to eat several times when we were in the area. Their "everything" bagel didn't have as much of "everything" on it as I like, but I thought the bagel, egg, ham, and cheese sandwiches were awesome! Good coffee too!
Yum.   This place makes an amazing bagel sandy!  Bobs special is amazing.  It's not on the board anymore but it comes with heaps of different types of meat, cream brie, roasted red peppers and many other mouth watering ingredients sure to please!  It's a gem!
I live nearby and really like this place. They make their bagels fresh every morning and they make their own cream cheese. I like my everything bagel with the nova cream cheese. Yummy!  They get busy on the weekends very early and once they're out of something, they're out. They always have a lot of everything but I've been there later in the morning on a Saturday and they were out of a certain kind of bagel.  Sooooo good!!!
I frequent DJ's Bagel Cafe. I have NEVER ordered anything that I didn't enjoy. They are very accommodating to special requests (adding or subtracting things off salads, putting feta cheese on a bagel sandwich instead of chedder, ordering something that isn't on the menu)
DJ's portions are substantial. A side of potatoes takes up a whole plate, they stack the meat on their bagel sandwiches, their salads fill a dinner plate and are piled high. 
Their omelets are perfectly cooked on the grill and stuffed full of yummy ingrediants. Their bagels are the perfect amount of chewy and so well seasoned (when you get a flavored variety).
I usually get the Caesar Salad or the Greek Salad. The Caesar salad is really something special, the croutons are large garlic asiago bagel chips. Amazing. The Greek Salad dressing is delicious. 
On the side of Bagel Sandwiches, or even with salads, I always get a 1/4 pound of Macaroni Salad. Their recipe is out of this world. Just the right amount of dill and relish. I love it.
DJ's has a variety of pastries, rice krispie treats, croissants, etc. Every item that I have tried has been top of the line.
On top of everything, everyone at DJ's is really friendly and helpful. Even when there's a long line, it doesn't take a while to get your order in and 
PLUS- they have DIPSY DOODLES. I haven't seen them since I lived on the East Coast, and they are so salty and awesome.
I never miss a chance to head to DJ's bagels.
I was excited to try Dj's bagels after reading all the positive reviews.  I arrived and it was quite busy, still looking good.  I ordered a bacon egg and cheese on garlic and a dozen bagels to go.   After I took my seat I started rifling through the bagels and they were all quite hard.  I tore open the egg and rye bagels and they seemed old.  I asked the staff if they may be day old bagels and they assured me that they were freshly made same day.  

I know what fresh bread tastes like and what it feels like.  Can someone from the management please help me understand why the bagels were all stale?  Do you make them on site or are they baked very early in the morning?  I was completely underwhelmed by the bagels.  

On a positive note the Dj's Brewed coffee blend was good.
Fresh, tasty and sumptuous...  We've been going to DJ's for years and the food quality is consistently good.  Jeff Mixes up the menu every so often and Try the Salads !  Lobster bisque... great homemade soups... Bagel Sandwiches and Wraps are very good..
As soon as I moved here every one of my neighbors told us to try this place. It got to the point where I was almost annoyed thinking one of them owned it. It truly is the best bagel shop. I grew up on the east coast where we take our bagel buying seriously...it was tradition to get bagels every Sunday after church until I was 18! Am I credible yet?

Anyway, great place. My husband got the churizo breakfast burrito, and I got an everything bagel with cream cheese, bacon, and egg. We didn't talk to each other the whole time we were eating. This is our new Saturday breakfast place with our kids. Service is always friendly. The fresh squeezed orange juice is just as amazing. Its astonishing that they charge less than 4 bucks for them! How does the burger king stay in business when this place is open right next door for lunch?!
I went there for breakfast this morning and let me tell you I hate coming here because of the service. The girls helping you are rude and don't seem to want to be there, the bagels are tasty but the cream cheese it way to expensive. Its the only place in FH that has bagels with lox that tastes decent.
DJ's cinnamon rolls are the best. Whenever I need a favor at work I stop at DJ's first.
Awesome bagel shop. Definitely reminds me of Jersey bagels. Dont order a veggie omelet though...mushrooms taste like can. But everything else is super delicious.  Love love love me some bagel!
There comes a time in every mans life when he's forced to do something he doesn't want to do. Like go to a craft fair. For me, on this past weekend, it was the Fountain Hills Festival of Arts & Crafts. It was Not my first rodeo... err craft fair. I'm a seasoned veteran. My favorite lady has been pulling me to these things for years. 

For my homiez out there that haven't been in a relationship that requires such sacrifice, I'm going to let you in on a little man secret. This is a great time to start cashing in on some of your wish list items, or a good way to make up for dumb things you've done. As long as you don't whine and pout about having to go, you can use this opportunity to your advantage. 

On craft fair days I always request that we go somewhere for breakfast. Preferably a place of my choosing. Today was a mutual decision and a good one.

We stopped in at DJ's Bagel Caf on this fine morning. It was very busy on this Sunday. It's not a big place. This made it a bit cramped. Luckily we were getting our food to go. 

I ordered the Nova aka Lox bagel. This tends to be a go-to item for me when I first visit a bagel shop. This was the best I've had in a while, possibly ever. It was easily the biggest portion as well. They weren't skimping on anything. 

Just an FYI, they had a fruity pebbles treat. It's like a rice crispy treat except made with fruity pebbles. I didn't try it... but it's there. Now I know it's there... and I'll be back for one. 

Unfortunately today was not the day for such indulgences. There was much walking to be done, and I couldn't let anything slow me down... because today... was craft fair day.
original Long Island, NYer here from Babylon. This place is the real deal... bagels are awesome and they even have salt bagels too! This place rocks I will be coming back!
Amazing place. If you come to FH you have to go to this and get a bacon, egg, and cheese. Your life will forever change.
I don't know how this place is busy.. Every time I go its day old bagels at best last time I had about 2 bits and trashed the rest of it.. I also tried the breakfast sand.. it was interesting to say least bagel was hard had about a bite of it then trashed it. I deffently dont plan on coming back. Service is friendly thats why I am giving 2 stars and a stretch however food is lacking.
Fantastic bagel place!  Quick and get the order right each time. I would love to see them carry other milk options for coffee but the bagels are so worth it. Great hometown feel and portion sizes are generous. Very friendly service.
The last two times I went to DJ's I had bad experiences. 

1. There was a dark hair in my bagel sandwich.
2. There was a lady bug in my Greek Salad. 

I think I'll be skipping DJ's from now on. Too bad, because I loved it.
Best bagel place around! Great breakfast and reasonable. Wonderful service! Great sandwiches with lots of meat. Also great salad selection. Highly recommend DJ's
Really cute little bagel and coffee spot.  Super props for their pumpernickle bagels.  OH YEA!  Bagels were actually pretty darn good too.  I did a chai - and they asked me what kind.  Good sign.  And oh yes, Soy was an option.  A free option.  

But as I was checking out - I saw their home made cookies.  Freaking freaking amazing cookies.  I held back.  

I won't next time.
I thought this bagel shop was ok. The bagel sandwich I got was relatively lackluster. I think I will stick to Einsteins for the time being.
Best bagels I've had here in the entire Valley.  Always really fresh bagels and offer breakfast and lunch dishes at good prices.
Back East is, well, not back East quality as I know it. I really do detest New York (except for the Metropolitan Museum of Art), but I have to say that the best bagel I have ever had was there. Back East is at least better than the limp sticky things from Einstein's, IMHO. 

I worked very near here for many years, and I would have to say that their lunch fare was better than breakfast. Their eggs are microwaved in a disposable plastic container, and I always pictured tiny little carcinogens gleefully nestling into my morning protein. I swear that the majority of the time, the early morning staff was in serious need of a caffeine jolt. Mmmmm, how I loved having some slitty eyed college girl yawn in my face and not cover her mouth. Wake up, bitch, and get my order right, for once!

Lunch was far better with a wide variety of quality bagel sandwiches, so satisfying and filling I would never be tempted by the snacks in the breakroom for the rest of the afternoon. The BLT was super yum, with cream cheese, sprouts, and cucumbers as well as the B, the L, and the T.

Drinks are are a little pricey, and I always found the coffee to be just alright. The best cup in the immediate area is Gold Bar, but in the direction I came, it was a bigger pain to get to most mornings. You have worse options in the AM on the corner of Southern and McClintock than Back East Bagels.
They have chocolate chip bagels and that's all you really need to know. I went there for the first time on Monday and it was pretty cute. They have a large menu and the people there seemed really nice.
Finally stopped in here while out running a few errands myself.  Place is small, but seems to have a great selection of bagels, lunch items and some drinks like coffees and such. I came in here for a bagel and cream cheese, and it was tasty.  Not the fanciest place in the world, but far better then Einstiens.
It's difficult to find good bagels in Scottsdale, so my roommate and I ventured to Tempe to satiate our cravings.

We both got the open-faced bagel, cream cheese and lox.  It was excellent and fresh.  The bagel was chewy without being too bread-like.  The lox was fresh and high quality.  I will definitely be back.
Great local bagel place.  Very friendly staff and owner.
Popped in a for a bagel breakfast sandwich-- had it on the "everything" bagel aka the BEST bagel type ever.

It was good, filling.  Back East Bagels is a simple little coffee/breakfast/lunch spot.  Nothing over the top, there is no need for it.  Looks like they have a variety of sandwiches etc.

They had this little "treat" on the counter that was 2 homemade sugar cookies with homemade cream cheese between the two cookies.  It sounded sooo good.  I didn't buy on but I wanted to, just to have a taste of it.   I behaved.

I'm not in this part of town very often, maybe once or twice a year.  But I am glad I stopped in for my bagel sandwich this morning!
This place has the best bagels I have ever had!  I don't know what it is, but they are just perfect, way better than Einstein IMO.  I even put a bunch in the freezer and they were still delicious when toasted.  I will definitely go back to this place!
Great New York style bagel! Better than Chompies and far better than Einsteins wonderbread. I ordered the everything with cream cheese. I'll give 5 stars if you add salt to the everything bagel mix.
Oy Vey! this place has the best bagel sandwiches, i mean..thats what they do, that is their modus operandi: perfecting the art of the bagel sandwich.
The first time i came here i had this amazing spicy jalapeno concoction on a crispy bagel lathered w/ smoked turkey and sprouts i think, cream cheese was def. involved.
then i came back and it was nowhere on the menu! i was so disappointed, bring whatever that delicious sandwich was back and another star is in order.
Simply a great choice for breakfast and coffee.
Why is it so hard to find a good bagel and lox these days? I really wanted a good small non-chain bagel place to go to (read: not Einstein's) to go to with some good bagels and quality lox to have. I had high hopes for this place that would take me back to when I would get bagels with my grandpa back in Boston but this place failed. I have tried twice now hoping that maybe it was just the bagel i got or the day I went but same result over priced for mediocre quality. The bagels didn't have much flavor and were over toasted, the lox was bland and way to slimy and seemed like it was the cheap stuff from Costco (not even there good stuff).

The only good thing was that the creamy cheese was well flavored and the tomatoes seemed fresh. For a near $10 price tag though I was very underwhelmed and actually preferred the bagels and lox at Einstien's. I guess I will keep trying in my search.
Stopped by this morning for a turkey and swiss on a sunflower bagel. I was terribly disappointed on the bagel being hard as a rock. Threw out the sandwhich. Don't think I will be back anytime in the near future
Went here this morning with the BF on account of him being off of work for President's day and me not having school til this afternoon. We wanted a bagel for breakfast because we already went out to breakfast at real restaurants twice this weekend (Liberty Market and Centurion... both amazing). We were going to just go to Einsteins, but then I found this place on yelp where a lot of reviewers said these were much better than Einsteins. So I ordered the cheese and egg bagel sandwich on an everything bagel and the BF ordered a blueberry bagel with cream cheese and we both got coffee. The coffee was nothing special, DD has way better. Our food came out and looked kind of weird. The egg on the bagel was really yellow and fluffy, probably egg beaters. This sandwich had absolutely no taste. Now, an everything bagel should have flavor... cheddar cheese should have flavor. No flavor. The cheese was waxy and tasteless. The bagel was not chewy, it tasted like a slice of white bread... I don't even know how that is possible. No idea. The BF's bagel was not great, but he thought it was ok. I just cannot forgive a bagel that tastes like nothing... even after adding salt and pepper... I just couldn't save the food. I will never go back again and really I think this place is an insult to the east coast.
A great mom and pop type shop. Fresh bagels, friendly service, fun caf type of atmosphere. Their dining area consists of large dining tables, all different types. My favorite bagel is the multi-grain. It has this amazing sweet and healthy oat flavor and it's very dense and filling. I get mine not toasted with their veggie cream cheese. I'm usually a little scared to eat veggie cream cheese just because you never know what's in it. This one is scrumptious, super creamy, fresh and refreshing, and has a bit of a crunch. There are carrots and probably a little celery (not a lot though, I don't like celery and I can't even taste it in here), and I'm not sure what else. Very good; I really like it here and I like supporting a small local business.
Try the lunch bagels!  The Northern exposure and Tempe turkey are excellent.  The chicken salad is really good too.  They aren't real expensive and the service is pretty good.  They also have outdoor seating.  They are new and as far as I can tell not a chain.  I recommend you try them.  Oh a dozen bagels are half priced after 2pm.
Amazing choices. Friendly staff.
They have the best bagels in this area!!!  I used to live super close and now live in Phoenix but I still make the drive because the bagels are that good!  So much better than any chain bagel place!
i am revising my review of back east and embarrassed to be duchess of this place. i first loved this place because of their vanilla half and half. that was until one day, when coming near closing time, i realized it was fat free vanilla coffeemate! their service continues to go downhill- how many times to i need to get attitude from someone before i decide that einstein's is actually better?  last time we went, they were out of ice and soda, yet my friend was sold a cold cup with no argument. we have changed our weekly bagel brekkie to bagel nosh- i'd rather drive to awahtukee and have someone be happy i'm dining at their restaurant and have decent sandwiches-other than the veggie sandwich, back east fails miserably,imo. i hope someone that works here and/or management reads this and realizes that they pretty much just lost 3 of their best customers..
Another experience so upsetting it warranted a 2 star review. I went in ordered my choc chip bagel with plain cream cheese and sat down hoping to enjoy my Saturday morning. Took a few bites of my  choc chip bagel and realized something was missing, CHOCOLATE CHIPS!!!!!!! After tearing the bagel into sections, (in order to see if i had gone insane) I brought my order back to the young guy at the counter and explained the error on their behalf. 

This is were it became truly infuriating, he looked at the sections of chocolate chip-less bagel and tried to LIE TO MY FACE about how the chips get mixed in with the batter and somehow dissipate into invisible  bagel oblivion. Insulting the intelligence of your customers is a cardinal sin in my book. If he had just owned up to it and been a man about his mistake, this review would have been drastically different. 

I am willing to try this place again and retract my low score, but it better be damn good bagel or i'm going back to Einstein's.
It was quite a thrill to discover an independent bagel shop in my neighborhood.  After having more than a few disappointing occasions at Einstein Brothers, I thought I would be banished to the land of grocery store bagels.  Luckily, I found back east bagels.  The bagels are FAR better than anything you will find in a grocery store or at Einsteins and their menu is very diverse making it a great place for breakfast or lunch.
Best bagels in the area, by far. I have only been to their location once but my hubby brings them home on a regular basis since they are close to where he works. All the flavors are fantastic and you can tell that they put a lot of care into making them because each one looks and tastes unique. The one time I did go into the restaurant, I had a bagel sandwich that was one of the tastiest that I have ever eaten and also a pretty good cappuccino to go with it. The place had a cool, relaxed vibe to it. The kind of place where you would want to stay a while and relax and read the newspaper or hang out drinking coffee and talking with friends.  And there were lots of hipster college kids on the morning we were there that were doing just that.

The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is their cream cheese. I don't know what is going on with those but I have tried almost all of them and didn't like the flavor. The couple that I do like (veggie and honey) started to separate (like with a layer of liquid on top) within a couple of days of being in the fridge. So, now he just gets the plain whipped or else I buy a pack of good old Philly at the store.
A very laid back locally-owned bagel shop at McClintock & Southern in Tempe. I really like their bagel breakfast sandwiches. I'm not much of a bagel aficionado in general, but people tell me these are as good as it gets. This would be pretty much the opposite of visiting an Einstein Bros.
The bagels are really amazing and so is the service. Obviously, when it's busy its going to be a while but overall, its a really good place for breakfast and a lot better than the other places in the neighborhood
There is nothing better than a fresh bagel on a Sunday morning from Back East.  Truly the best.  The quality far exceeds Einsteins, Breuggers or anything you pick up at the grocery store.  They are on par with Chompies, but I still favor Back East... mostly because they also have great bagel sandwiches and their staff is friendly and quick.  Just an overall great local business.
Very good bagels with a hint of back east charm (small and a bit worn down).  Love the Sunflower bagels, not sure what makes it so tasty but Yum!!
SALT BAGEL! SALT BAGEL! SALT BAGEL! + LOX!!!

Pick me up a bagel and some OJ from this place and I tell you what- it's gonna be a goooooooood day :)
Freshly made bagels with different sandwich options for breakfast and lunch.  They have a decent selection, and generally the sandwiches are made pretty quickly for you.  Not really the best bagel I've ever had, but it's in no way the worst, and it's in a very convenient location close to Sunflower Market if you want a quick bite for breakfast before shopping for groceries.
Back East Bagels is the place to go for bagels in Phoenix. Being from New York, I can confidently say that Back East Bagels knows what they're doing.  Other bagel stores don't hold a candle to their selection!! On top of that, everyone from the owner to the delivery runners are professional, courteous, and genuinely concerned about their customers' satisfaction. If you are in Phoenix, you should be at Back East Bagels for breakfast and lunch! :)
Still love their bagels and apparently I am not the only one since they won Phoenix New Times for Best Bagel (2011).
Not exactly close to ASU, but definitely has a college vibe to it. You can pick up brochures to join the local chapter of Amnesty International, New Times, and see an age range from parents with kids, to groups of older men meeting for coffee and breakfast, to college kids with their books.

I also appreciate establishments that don't play canned Clear Channel or satellite radio and allow the staff to choose the music. When I was there Sunday they were playing "The Queen Is Dead" from The Smiths. You certainly wouldn't hear that at Einstein's.

My favorite breakfast bagel sandwich is the "August 22, 1988" for $4.99 (Chili Tapin Sauce, Egg, Sausage, & Pepper Jack Cheese). It's named after the day the Phoenix Cardinals made their debut. (I had assumed that was the hottest recorded day in Phoenix, but was incorrect).  The Chili sauce definitely gives it a swift kick to your tongue. A great breakfast bagel sandwich for that enjoy it on the spicy side.

They have your basic fare as well, and lunch sandwiches and salads.

I want to also agree with Alexandra K. and cheer for the salt bagel. It seems to be disappearing from most bagel shops so I'm thankful they have kept theirs.
I really love the bagels at this place.  I'm from the east coast and it's nice to find a bagel shop that reminds me of home.

The only problem I have is that they are always out of coffee!  The hazelnut coffee is delicious, but whenever I go to serve myself, it's always out.
Their seasonal pumpkin creme cheese is pretty good, and I just found out they have discount bagels half price for a dozen from 2-3 PM.  After trying a few more sandwiches and drinks with no complaint I'll upgrade a star!  

P.S.  Their mocha coconut frappe is delicious!
Relatively unknown, but everything there is amazing. Everyone that works there is so friendly too. Try the cinnamon and sugar bagel. Awesome
We've been looking for bagels that taste like home ever since we moved to California from Boston 7 years ago. It took moving to Tempe to find them, however, and I'm never getting a chain bagel again.
I have eaten here twice and highly recommend it if you're a fan of savory bagels.
The first time I went here I had an everything bagel with cream cheese and a coffee. Both were very good. They have quite a few coffee options: 6 coffees and various creamers/milks, including vanilla half and half, which I used. I got my friend an egg and cheese on a bagel and everything seemed to be made fresh. 

I would not rate them 4 stars for the blueberry bagel I tried the next visit (though the strawberry cream cheese was very good). The coffee was, once again, very good. They also do free refills on the coffee, which is pretty fantastic. This time, I ate there and noticed they have some really interesting cream cheese flavors that I look forward to trying on future visits. 

The service was really nice both times. The people working here were enjoyable and the food was ready quickly.
Had my first and last visit. Got the breakfast bagel with sausage which was ok. Nothing spectacular. Everything bagel got an ok as well from my other half. What ruined the experience for me was the customer service. The first person you're in contact with sets the precedence for the entire business. The brunette at the register was cold, unfriendly, had absolutely no personality and gave off the vibe that she hated her job. I thought it was just me but I watched her with the other customers and not once did she even try to crack a smile or be friendly. New flash: Just because you've memorized a customers' order doesn't mean you have customer service skills. If you hate your job so much then quit because it's people like you who make customers like us go elsewhere. I saw the manager come out so I mentioned to him that the girl at the register needs some personality and that she is rude when you first walk in. I don't know if I caught him off guard or what but the response I got was "oh okay". Really? Instead of saying I'm sorry about that. I'd rather go to Einsteins.
I stop here about once a week on the way in to work in the morning- the breakfast bagels are very good (especially with the green chile cheddar bagel) but the espresso drinks could use  improvement.
Love the place just wish they had wifi.
Have the owners from here ever even had a bagel from back east? Certainly doesn't taste like it, and they charge double what they do back east too. No thanks. The search for a good bagel continues, for now I'll just keep having them shipped straight from NJ.
Why is it so difficult to find an egg and cheese sandwich on a hard roll in Tempe/Phoenix? Esp one that is good and under $5. Skip this one. You'd be better off going to McDonalds. 

Order: Bacon, egg and cheese w/ lettuce, tomato, mayo on a poppy seed bagel.

Pros: Name.
Cons: Microwaved eggs, microwaved bacon. They either microwaved the lettuce too, or by putting it between the cheese and the bacon, it got cooked. Yuck - hot lettuce! No mayo in the kitchen. Only packets on the counter. Oh, and the bagels.... well if you lived anywhere near NYC, these aren't good bagels.
These bagels are an absolute joke. Not sure what part of the east Coast this shop is from, but it's not NY. Walking in, most of the bins were pretty empty at 10am, but these are fool's bagels. They are the size of a bottlecap and the hole in the middle is triple the size of any real NY bagel. Must be students buying these imposters because one look at these bagels was all I needed as I quickly escaped this "bagel" shop and headed for the hills. Embarrasing to have east coast on the marquee - I'm glad it doesn't say NY bagels at least.
Super friendly staff, great ambiance, wide selection and tasty food. My favorite neighborhood bagel and coffee place!
OH WOW! I had lunch there again today (recent discovery). The Turkey Tempe + Avacado is litterally to die for. I love their bagels, music selections, staff, location and bagels (did i say that? YUMM).. I need to try the bagel bags for an office meeting i have a feeling they would be a hit. . I cant say enough nice things, its never packed, plenty of seating and selections. Only downside that I can find is they close at 2, so if your limited to a late lunch you may miss the awesomness :-) eat early...
Love Back East Bagels!

I came here for the first time today with my boyfriend. We are always looking for some  east coast food (originally from New York) and decided to try it out. 

The atmosphere is very friendly and inviting. The place was filled today with regulars and after eating here today we are going to be regulars too! 

I had a breakfast bagel with bacon, egg and cheese on a jalapeo bagel. Delicious! 
He had a sesame bagel with strawberry cream cheese. The cream cheese was very sweet and way better than anything store bought. 

We came early and watched the sun rise on the patio which was very relaxing. 

This is a great place and I highly recommend anyone who loves the east coast and bagels to come here!
Pretty good bagels for Arizona.  Definitely remind me of New York bagels.
Great place to stop for an early morning bagel.
I come here basically once a week, right before I go grocery shopping next door. The bagels are delicious. Clearly home made, baked fresh, and a lot of variety. Most of the bagels are vegan, and I'll get them with either peanut butter or hummus, or the one sandwich without cream cheese and just extra hummus as a substitute.

The staff is very nice, coffee is good, restaurant is clean. I've not one complaint
I have never been let down by Back East Bagels. I feel completely comfortable just sitting and enjoying my food without being bustled out. Food is perfection and decently priced compared to other bagel/breakfast joints. 

I've heard some people complain that they do not offer wifi. I enjoy this but I know others want to be plugged in. 

Also, coffee options are amazing. 6 different roasts and flavors and a variety of creamers. You know..if you're into that.
I admit that, being from NY, I hold a pretty high standard for bagels, and doubly so when a business makes reference to being from, or similar to New York style. On my way to the office this morning, I decided to give them a shot. I got three bagels, and once for my co-worker.

He didn't like his, but he's really negative, so I didn't pay him any mind, and I opened the bag for my two egg bagels. Nothing fancy, just some shmear. I noted that together, they were pretty much the size of a single one from anyone else, but I ignored that, too. 

The first thing that I noticed when it was unwrapped was that it was awfully brown and doughy. I understand that a toasted bagel would get tougher, but it was chewy and tough. Really unappetizing at seven in the morning. I took it for a horrible fluke, and I binned it. I couldn't eat it without my jaw popping. I took the other one, and I didn't even finish the first bite. It was practically inedible. I don't remember how much I paid, but it was entirely too much. 

I'm never going back. Yuck.
Tried to go but stood at the counter and waited for someone to take my order.  After waiting a couple if minutes, and no service, I ended up leaving and went across the street.
Other than being fairly expensive ($5-$7) for a customized bagel, I am usually a fan. The coffee selection is great, the employees are nice... the bagels aren't bad although I don't find them very filing for the price. It does have a cozy little interior, and is overall a pretty solid morning choice unless you are super picky about everything. Backeast has the perfect east coast character, mixed feelings.
If this joint had literally ANY other name I would give them 5 stars.  Seriously. Yummy bagels with FREE REFILLS on your ice coffee, AND soy milk!!!!!!!! What??? Yes, you did just read that. Free. Their bagels are fine, but they ain't back east.
8 bucks and change for 4 mediocre bagels and some disgusting strawberry cream cheese.. No thanks.. Not again
I really love finding new bagel joins to try out. Ever since I moved to Tempe I've been looking for a great bagel place close to me, but this one just misses the mark. Small bagels, dense dough, microwaved egg, ham and cheese, and cheap ham at that. Breakfast sandwich for $5 is quite standard for a non-fast food place, but it didn't really taste much better than a fast food breakfast sandwich. There are many better bagel places in the valley...probably won't be coming back.
Had no problems with the staff.
Excellent bagels, good customer service, clippings on the wall for upcoming concerts that I'm too broke to go to, but am glad that I am informed of them happening, so I can say "Oh yeah I heard they were coming to town." thanks BEB for keeping me hip. Also pizza bagel.
Having driven sadly by this place many times in the past (they close just when I need my afternoon caffeine fix), I finally got to eat here after suffering the misfortune of giving someone a ride early in the morning (9 am is early when you're in college!). Immediately I was a little let down by the customer service - the two girls behind the counter were so interested in their conversation that they couldn't stop to greet me as I walked in. They do have an incredible number of options, but most of the flavors of bagels I wanted to try were out. I decided on a honey whole wheat bagel with strawberry cream cheese and a large coffee. I was pleased that there were many options for brewed coffee - they didn't just put out a pot of Folgers and call it a day. Also nice was the carafe of soy milk to put in your coffee, something I've never seen. Disappointing - the lack of to go lids for the coffee cups. The bagel itself was great - tough outside, delightfully chewy inside, definitely not what you pick up at the grocery store or even at Einstein Bros. The cream cheese was a let down though - it had little flavor and was pretty runny (thankfully they included a napkin in my to go bag). I will be back when I get the chance, but I won't be quitting Einstein for Back East anytime soon.
We were in the area for swim lessons and I wanted a bagel instead of the norm starbucks.  

I had the jalapeo bagel with cheese and egg, it was good but needed some sort of sauce. They had mayo so I add a tiny bit. I think this place is cute and has personality. I wish we had something like this in the laveen area.
This place has very good bagels and cheap prices as well ! The staff is friendly and it's a cozy environment ! It's different than Einstein bagels, same concept and different taste but a good taste ! 

There is usually always a line in the morning that goes out the door, but it moves at a decent speed.
This place is hands down the best bagel in Tempe, AZ... Have yet to find a better place even in PHX or Scottsdale. Great choice of bagels and even better cream cheese selection. 

You can't go wrong with an everything or poppy bagel with their garden veggie cream cheese. Those are my go to choices. 

Cheap prices, bagel sandwiches and paninis for lunch as well. If you're in Tempe make sure you check this spot out!
I love a good bagel and cream cheese, especially on a Saturday Morning.  Mind you, I have been here several times before, so its not my first time.

The benefits of Einsteins is that they make all their tasty bagels in site. Flavors are tasty, with Asiago cheese, onion, garlic, and a few other flavors as well.  Great selection of different flavors of bagels.  They also have a few different options in cream cheese flavors as well.

They also have a great selection of lunch sandwiches, which I like.  Great selection pastries, juices, etc.

Where they loose points with me, is I don't care for the service here.  I always always always have to stand in line and wait; not only to place my order, but to pay and recieve my food as well.  Some could argue that maybe I am being fussy.  Others could say that I need to be more patient at times.  I do not argue that point. BUT, nothing irks me more then waiting...and waiting....and more waiting.

I have never NOT had to step in line here, regardless of time of day.  Why is that? I don't understand.

Also, I feel that service here lacks.  I always see multiple staff members behind the counter.  If thats the case, why is it always the same 1 person taking orders, and one working the register?  I also sense that maybe other customers get frustrated with this experience as well.  I go here becuase they do have great bagels, and their stuff is tasty...but at the cost of waiting....and iffy service.

Plus, sometimes this place is NOT super clean.  Its not filthy or anything..but I just feel like maybe it could use a good cleaning at times.
I just had a terrible first experience here. We went on a Monday afternoon, ordered a bagel bucket. The girl getting our bagels insisted that we could only choose 12, I had to point to the menu to show her that the bucket has 13. Their bagels were smaller than normal Einsteins and very over-baked, burnt in spots.

They had a pay pass for the credit card, so my husband did that as I handed her our coupon (he was a little over-eager to use the pay pass). The older cashier woman said that as soon as it registered the credit card, the transaction was complete and she couldn't take my coupon. I asked if she could void it, and she said to just use the coupon next time. I told her I'd really like to use it now (we don't go that often), and she said it would be a hassle for her records to do the refund. I asked if she could please do it anyways, and she did (very grumpily). We had to sign the refund receipt before she re-did the transaction, and when asked if she had a pen she replied "No, we don't have any pens." What business doesn't have a pen? So I fish through my purse and finally found a pen. She also wouldn't let me use my $5 gift card AND a 25% off coupon, I had to choose which one I wanted to use. I wasn't sure when she was finished with the second transaction, because she didn't say "ok," "thank you," or anything.

Some of the WORST customer service I have ever experienced. Save yourself a hassle and go down to the Einsten on Chandler Blvd. by 101. Whoever is managing this place needs to really focus on their customer service, and I am not surprised why business there is incredibly sparse.
There used to be a Bruegger's Bagels right on the corner of my neighborhood and now that it is gone I miss it dearly. Instead, I visit this Einstein's... mainly because it is still close and on my way to work. Their bagels are decently made with the proper texture (unlike Chompies that just taste like bread - yuck!) but I do have a problem with the fact that a lot of the different varieties taste pretty similar. I think they use the same dough for almost all and then just "dip" them in something to make them a unique offering. Also, I don't know if it is the way they cook them or store them or what but sometimes there is some cross-pollination of flavors as well. I once got a cranberry bagel with a strong garlic taste to it... gross! Their cream cheeses make up for it, though, all the flavors are really good and they are almost all low-fat. One thing I do avoid here is the breakfast sandwiches. The eggs they use are disgusting! They must be either frozen for a long period of time or else powdered and re-constituted or something because they are definitely not real eggs. I mean, even the egg in the Egg McMuffin tastes better. 

I agree with the other reviewers that they tables are none too clean and on the singular occasion that I visited the ladies room I turned around and walked out immediately since it was so filthy. However, since I usually get my food to go, this is not a problem for me. I have never experienced the slow service that they are referring to. I usually arrive around 9am and there is very rarely a line. They have a system where one person takes orders and then you move down the line and someone else runs your card or takes your money. So, it is pretty quick service. And my bagel (toasted with cream cheese) is always in my hands by the time I have finished filling up my coffee cup. (Their self-serve coffee is excellent but don't bother with the caps or lattes, they are not worth the $$). I actually frequently stop here when I am running late for work because it is faster to pick up a bagel and eat it in the car then it is to eat cook something or even eat cereal at home.
Great bagels nice location as well....
I really enjoy Einstein's they always have fresh bagels the price is fair and reasonable and they have a great selection of bagels also have pretty good coffee and usually a seasonal coffee. The service is always friendly and helpful... Only thing that may bother me is that once they're out of a bagel it's gone they don't make anymore that day and on the weekends that's likely to happen because it gets really packed sometimes the line gets pretty backed up. I'd just advise if you have a craving for a popular gourmet bagel like the Spinach Florentine (My favorite) you better get there early!
Einstein Bagels prices are pretty reasonable. & I love the customer service at this Einstein bagels. Everyone who works there seems to enjoy their job and their interaction with the customers exemplifies this. You can walk into this Einstein in an okay mood & walk out in a great mood. Their energy is contagious. Because of the customer service at Rural & Ray Einstein some of my days have been more enjoyable! PS I love the Tasty Turkey.
Great place to run in and get a light breakfast or lunch ... the staff is friendly, the store is super clean.  Go off peak hours so you have a place to sit.  I love their green tea.

Bagel thins - fabulous!  cuts out half the calories but you still get the yummy bagel taste.
Let me start by saying I love Einstein bagels but this has got to be one of the worst ones I have been to. The guy behind the counter was on the phone the whole time while he was taking orders and the service has always been poor. The coffee is never full and the over all appearance is dirty and sub par. I would recommend going to the one off of 101 and chandler if you leave anywhere between the two.
I just stop at Einstein's for the coffee, so I can't comment on the bagels.  I don't mind waiting in line to pay, as long as a motivated cashier is working through it.  What grinds my gears about this Einsteins is that when there's not a line the cashier disappears into the back room, leaving four or five other people standing around and watching me wait several minutes to pay for an effing cup of coffee.  No one says a damn thing.  No one says, "hey the cashier will be back in a minute", or "hey cashier!  There's a jerk here who just wants coffee, can you come take his money?"  Perhaps adding insult to injury, they have a sign that says "coffee express line", what the hell does that mean if no one's there to take your money.

But the good news for me is that there's an Einstein's in North Scottsdale by my office, so I go there now.  They get it, the cashier never leaves the area, so it's always a quick turnaround.
Clean restaurant and friendly staff at this location. Good place to stop for a morning bagel and coffee.
This is absolutely the most disgusting place I've been in!! There is trash everywhere, no one has swept or wiped down the tables in the 30 minutes I've been here. The toilet hasn't been cleaned in a VERY long time (there's a mildew ring around it..). Floors are disgusting as well. Ew ew ew!! Won't be coming here again!
This place is filthy.  I ordered before I looked around.  As I have been here for 10 minutes at 10am and not one staff member has cane to clean a table and the bathrooms are disgusting. Go to the one at Chandler and 101
Totally messed up my drink order after I waited for it forever.
They get through a line of six or more customers in a couple minutes, prepare your order while you pay and wait.  In about five minutes they have your order packaged, call your name and then BRING it to you.  If you are eating your food here they bring it to your table.  
.  
I like this location, great service and friendly staff every time.
Slows service, 25 minutes for 1 bagel... And while I waited got a nice view of behind the counter, which was disgusting.  Next tome I'll go the extra four blocks to the Nosh. Better bagel anyway!
If it wasn't for my coworker who I attended the establishment with I would have not been satisfied. The time of service was slow and inaccurate.
I ordered a tuna sandwich which was very heavily peppered. It wasn't bad, but not something I would order if I knew before hand. They were nice enough to replace the tuna with a chicken salad sandwich. Took them no time at all. The guy was really nice. The sandwich was nothing special but the service was fantastic.
Located NE corner of Thunderbird & 59th avenue, attached to the Starbucks.  Einsteins is fairly consistent for a good variety of bagel & bagel sandwiches, and as they say... "darn good coffee".  Fresh squeezed orange juice is good as well, and I don't mind the hefty price tag now that everyone is charging $3 for OJ even if it's from concentrate.  Prices aren't bad but the lines can be long during the morning, especially on weekends.
I love this location because it's right on my way to work... I had a breakfast sandwich here once that I wasn't too fond of  so now I just get the regular bagels - the spinach florentine is my fave. 

The lines can get kind of long here in the morning, but the staff so far has done a good job not making everyone wait too long. Nothing worse than having employees who don't give a rat's ass, so I'm glad it's not the case here. In fact, everyone has been really nice here always saying good morning and smiling...at least every time I've been here.
Hot bagel, shmatbagel, Their plain bagels have nothing on these. Asiago cheese is my fav but all are so nice and chewy and this is from someone who makes their own bagels for fun and lived in NYC for a bit. Their honey almond cream cheese inspired many "at home mixes" to replicate. Nothing can match the delicious whipped goodness. Also a fan of the strawberry, blueberry, well pretty much all the cream cheeses and bagels. If they weren't so delicious I would be a little more embarrased I ate 2 and 1/2 at a volunteer brunch yestaurday!
Einstein's is ok.  The food is kinda bland... Not much you can do with an unseasoned, microwaved egg thrown on a bagel served scalding hot. Their coffee and bagels are excellent.  Don't get hooked on a specific bagel for too long or it tends to disappear (Onion and Pretzel).  

I always go to this location on the weekends--It's always busy.  When it gets busy, the staff responses tend to be terse and they seem grouchy.
I've been a big fan of Einsteins for a long time.  This is my first time at this location.  I always order a peanut butter schmear bagel, twice toasted.  Usually the places never understand what that means, and it's never right.

They got it right.

I ordered my bagal and literally watched her toast my bagel twice.  Mind you, she had about 10 other orders going on, but I saw her do it.  I was a happy camper.

That alone made this trip worth the 4 stars.  Why not 5?  Because holy crap, this place is busy on a weekend morning.  From walking in til I got my bagal, it was a good 15minutes.  Good thing the food is good.

if I could recommend one thing to them. Please empty your trash cans outside. People couldn't throw anything away because they were overflowing...
Einstein's served stale bread on my tuna sandwich today!  Twice!  

When I told the server the bread on my tuna sandwich was stale she said that's because you didn't have it toasted.  Huh?  So it was my fault?  She offered to microwave some new slices.  Same deal, bread was still too stale to bite through the crust.  I left a lot on my plate.  

Store was too busy for me to wait to talk/argue with someone again. They just would not acknowledge their stale bread.  Bad customer service - I will not go back to this Einstein's.
I hit Einstein's on my way back to Jenni's.  I couldn't resist their deal- a dozen bagels with two tubs of cream cheese. There were a lot of people at her house anyways. We were all getting ready for Jenni's wedding. I hadn't had their bagels in a very long time and was looking forward to it. In between pictures I ripped up my bagel, smothered it with cream cheese, and stuffed it into my mouth. It was soft, fresh, and creamy.  

Oh, how I missed you Einstein.
It's bagels, can't really mess them up.  The sandwiches are pretty good as well, what I do not like about this location is the terrible customer service! The staff is very rude and impatient, I know that it gets crazy busy in there but take a breath and handle your customers in the correct manner!!! This one is less than 5 minutes from my home, but I'll use that gas to go to a location with better staff.
For the second time in about a week I slept in and needed to find something to eat on the way.  Last time I got a donut and a bagel someplace else and was disappointed in the bagel.  I had not been in this Einsteins in over 10 years.  Not much has changed, a few more menu items.  I got an onion bagel with salmon schmear.  Much better!  These may not be the best bagels in the valley but are as good as it gets for this neighborhood.
This is a great place to get bagels or breakfast sandwiches or even regular sandwiches. The bagels are fresh and tasty. 

We love walking here on a Saturday morning and sitting outside. Its nice to have a restaurant that you can walk too even though its a little far.

I really love to get the dozen bagels with schmear to bring to events. I love how the bagel box has a place to carry the schmear. Its cute and clever.

I love their pumpkin bagel in the fall. When I was pregnant, all I wanted was pumpkin and this with their honey nut cream cheese was divine! Oh I wish it was fall.
Service is quick, not much to complain about. However, the wifi is weak, so if you're a student, look elsewhere!
I was in this place this morning and had to write a review despite not going very often because I was so pleased with my experience. I only go about every 6 months because its next to my dentists office so therefor its reasonable they have new management or staff every few times. 

This time i'm pretty sure the entire staff was new, it was very busy for breakfast but quickly died down because they had a really nice system going where they were able to take orders and prepare them in a timely fashion.

However I was especially pleased with the graciousness of all the employees, every one I encountered from the man who took my order to the lady who prepared my food and the man who rang me out was very friendly. All of them asked how I was doing and wished me a Happy Thanksgiving. Its that small amount of human interaction with genuine people that make for a great establishment. 

Lastly as always my food was great, the bagels never disappoint.
Bagels and coffee, it's my thing! But good service is super important to me and when I get exceptional service I frankly want to tell everyone I know! Einstein's of course has decent bagels, breakfast sandwiches etc... This particular location is even adjacent to a Starbucks (like I said, coffee and bagels.... it's my thing)! But what really has me stoked is the service here, Manager Tom really made my day with his dashing personality! It's always nice when employees actually seem like they don't mind working or gasp! even possibly enjoy their job! 
So thanks Tom for making my Einstein Bros Bagel trip a memorable experience!
I walked in this morning and the manager greeted me with a "Goooooood morning!" Very cheery to be there. Everyone was very friendly. Also, I was barefoot, so it seems to be barefoot friendly :)
The service was friendly, helpful, and the food and drinks were perfect. Cathy was extremely helpful with menu navigation. I will definitely visit again soon:]
Always love Einstein's for a place to crash for a bit when I need AC and wi-fi. The drinks and bagels are yummy. This was fairly busy on a Sunday morning but service was fast and friendly and everything tasted good.
My few experiences at this company's bagel place has been bad, the only reason I like it is because their breakfast choices. I highly recommend Brueggers Bagels, love the Rio Grande Turkey sausage wrap. I had salmon bagel and it was a little soggy.
Sunday am Hung Over needing to eat like now. The kids wanted bagels and this was the closet place. I had been here years ago and was surprised to see it is still there. 

The place was not too busy, there were seats available. 

The staff was rude, Shelby the "manager" although cute could care less about taking my order. She had pressing issues and had to explain how to mop or sweep or what ever the other dude was doing. I obviously should have waited until they were done. LOL 

The bagels were squished flat like a pancake, although good flavor the thing looked like crap. 

The Hot Choc was 700 degrees and they knew it was for a kid. It was watery until we realized it was because the Choc syrup was pooled in the bottom of the cup. 

The frapachino thing was too sweet for a 13 year old to eat. She tossed over 1/2 of it. 

The Dr Pepper was good. :)
I usually love Einsteins.  I love their blackberry lemonade and their six cheese bagels.  However I do not love this location.  It is right around the corner from my house, I do not even have to leave my residential roads to enter here, but I will never go here again.  Why do you ask?  It is because they have the worst customer service ever.  Every time I have been in here (which is about 6-7) they are very rude to me.  I do not know why.  I do not know if they are having a bad day or what but they are extremely unfriendly here, and its not always the same person. They lost my business for good.
I like this one.  I just wish they had wifi.
Way over priced but great food
I love their bagels, they always taste good.  I don't know a single person that doesn't love their bagels and cream cheese.  The place is always clean also, the prices are a little high, but it's not so high that it's stopping me from going.

The only thing I don't like is one of the girls that works there.  She's just awkward towards me every time I go in there and rude.  She can service 5 people before me, and then walk away when it comes to me and tells me to wait.  Even when it's dead and there is only two people in the whole building, she'll service the people before me and walk away for minutes ignoring me. 

Last time I was in there she serviced everyone before me, and then walked away and I heard her ask a coworker to take my order, make it, and ring me up.  I'm way to old to know this girl, there's no way we went to high school together, I'm 100% I am NEVER rude to staff anywhere I go cause I've been in there shoes at some point before (work wise).  And I've ignored her little attitude for months now, but it's getting old, and I think I just might be willing to start driving the extra miles to a different location where I don't have to put up with this anymore.

And it's not just her attitude towards me, I've seen her be rude to her coworkers before.  Snapping at them acting like she's the only one working and she feels everyone else is lazy.  It's an appetite killer to be treated poorly, and it's an appetite killer to watch someone treat their coworkers like dirt too.
Bagel poppers...where have you been all my life? I want one. No, more like five hundred.  I think I ate five throughout the day after a gigantic lunch and the only thing that saved me from complete morbid obesity was that other dentists equally addicted to sweets were there and they vanished. I sampled two boxed lunches and loved the turkey bagel sandwich. The club had a spicy funky dressing I wasn't ready to jazz with but the dessert made more than up for that. The chocolate chip cookies were still slightly warm and fantastic! Then the bagel poppers: luscious soft cinnamon sugar enveloped bagels melting like a donut in your mouth. When I came home I quickly announced to the boyfriend I have a new favorite food. You can guess what it is.
Always amazing service and food :)
I have been here several times and I scold myself every time "Why do you come here? The bagels are not that tasty, the coffee's are ok at best and they are real slow ( don't come here if you are in a hurry) and they are pricey." Then I tell myself it was convenient since it's down the street. If you want a good bagel go to Safeway the bagels there are big, soft and chewy and the best part they are only 50 cents.
Was driving down the street and saw the Einstein sign as I was almost about to pass it.  Luckily for me there were no other cars in my way and I veered across two lanes of traffic to make it into the parking lot.  The place was so deserted out front that I actually had to check Yelp to see if they were open, confirmed they were then made my way inside.  The place was completely empty so I made my way right to the front.  However once I got up to the counter there was no one there to help me.  Now, I'm not 100% sure a bell went off when I walked in but I'm pretty sure it did, you know, to alert the people in the back when someone walks in in just this kind of example.  I could hear a group of people talking and laughing in the back but no one was coming out to check on the front.  I also noticed a camera pointing at the counter, not sure if that's for management to watch the staff or for the staff to watch for customers but either way it wasn't helping me get a bagel any faster.

After a few minutes a girl finally walked out to help me and didn't act very apologetic about the lack of service.  Once she took my order another girl went through the process of actually toasting and preparing my bagel and she was quick and polite.  The bagel itself was as good as I knew it would be and I'll go back to other locations but the service I received at this particular one will definitely prevent me from returning here.
We have been going here almost daily for years.  Love the coffee and bagels.
Nice community of regulars that we have gotten to know.
The Dutch Apple Bagel is the best!
I've been coming to this location for as long as I can remember. It seems though over the years it has lost it's edge. Every time I go in they are ALWAYS out of the bagels I want. They are the more expensive bagels but I always have to settle for the cheaper ones. I've voiced my opinion about them always being out all the time but it never seems to change. 

On a visit about a month ago, I heard three staff members complaining about the manager of the store. For a good 15 minutes. It was getting so bad that I almost got out of my chair and approached them but I didn't want to cause a scene. It's not professional and quite frankly, a little disheartening. 

Maybe one day they will fix the issues they are having but in the meantime, I will continue to support this business for the one or two staff members that do their job and have good customer service.
The only problem I've ever had here was one in October when they were out of pumpkin, but they said all Einsteins in the area were. Aside from that, I've always enjoyed this location, and this morning I even went in barefoot without incident :)
I'd like to give this place an updated review, it's deserved as it's been years.  The good and the bad about the place now.

Bad: They always seem to be out of the types of bagels that I want.  I understand if you go in at 2pm close to closing time but at 10am you're out already, really?  The Good: They have always been willing to make me whatever kind of bagel I wanted, as long as I was willing to wait the 15 minutes to get it.

Good: They don't seem to be busy the last 5 times I've been there. I can usually walk right up to order.  Which because it's so dead could be what's contributing to them not being in stock with bagels.  Why would you want to make them if no one is buying them.

Good: Plenty of parking everywhere, even before they became dead there was plenty of parking.

Bad: Their coffee drinks are really expensive and the 3 kinds that I've tried did not taste good.  This is coming from a coffee addict who would have no problem snorting a line of ground coffee and shooting espresso into her veins.  I'm pretty sure if I stopped drinking coffee my heart would stop beating.  It's possibly the only thing that keeps me alive.  I'll drink house coffee, circle K coffee, starbucks coffee, you name anywhere I'll love it because it's coffee. Iced, hot, dripped, doing the Macarena frap whip topped w/ and extra shot of oh hell yeah that's so good.  Just coffee is amazing!!!  But I will not buy it from here, it's yucky.  Just stick with their bagels and cream cheeses.

Good: Cream cheeses to go! I love their honey, strawberry, and plain flavors, I buy them all the time to go.  And there is plenty of spaces to sit since it's so empty there all the time.

Bad: It's empty all the time, meaning they'll possibly end up shutting down pretty soon here if they don't get business numbers up.  Either they are dying out or I've just happened to always go on days and times that no one else is there.

But anyway, go there yourself and make your own judgement.
The map looks a little different then the actual location, essentially it is right off Bell in the corner of the shopping plaza by the mattress place. i know a few regulars and they absolutely love it. i have been there several times myself and the bagels are fresh and made every morning. the staff is very friendly and will run all kinds of customizations for you. the prices are very reasonable and they are a breakfast and lunch place only; and on the weekends there can be a descent size line for the 10 o'clock bagel rush.
Tucked into corner near Subway & dry cleaners.  Chain bagel place (other location is in Surprise).  Bagels are fresh, great texture, and flavorful, but often the breakfast bagel sandwiches give me unacceptable problems (very runny, uncooked eggs for example).  Seating is a nightmare here, and the place ought to be pretty much takeout only.  Parking is atrocious during the morning rush due to the dry cleaner two doors down.
Okay, I think I may be addicted to this place.  It worries me how often I go here for lunch between classes.

But you know what, I've had the best damn turkey reuben I've ever had here.  I have a problem.  As much as I want to try other things, I just...keep...ordering....it!

That's kind of a lie.  Their breakfast sandwiches are excellent.  As is their philly cheese steak sandwich.  All in all, the prices cannot be beat, the service is friendly and lightening fast, and it's a great alternative to the terrible food at the MWU cafeteria.
I really wanted to get a bagel here.  I was starved and the blueberry bagels sounded great.  Unfortunately, the jalapeno bagels were laying on top of the blueberry ones and I really didn't want my blueberries to be spicy and taste like a mexican oompa-loompa ... so I went with the gyro.  It was really good.  Not the most amazing gyro I've ever had (that belongs to It's Greek To Me) but it was one of the better gyros in Phoenix.  I probably would have given this place 4 stars but having your bagels all mushed together is not a way to get me to come back.
I really like their breakfasts here! It's down the street from my university, yet I didn't find out about this place until recently. My friend asked if I wanted "hot bagels" and my response was that I love hot bagels more than cold ones. Little did I know that this little joint that seats only about 15 people inside and maybe 5 more outside got such great business and had such yummy food!

I've been here about 4 times now, and I usually get the breakfast sandwich special that comes with a bagel sandwich (my choice of bagel, cheese, egg, and meat) along with a drink (fountain, coffee, or OJ) for only $3! It's a great deal for when I want to eat on a budget. I've had a blueberry bagel w blueberry cream cheese, wheat bagel and onion bagel sandwiches. They also serve boar's head deli meat. Yummy! =)
Good Bagels... Good Coffee... Friendly Service...

I gotta remember this place is here more often.... just a mile from my house and easy to get to.
Hot bagels is a quick easy stop on my way to work.  I always get the breakfast sandwich double toasted and have never been disappointed.
I love this place!  I am married to an East Coaster- and he LOVES this place. ( You know how the NJ & NY natives are always ALL about the pies & the bagels!) The bagels are always fantastic with many variations- and the place does a steady stream of business starting at 6am.  If you are a salt bagel junkie- make sure you get there before 9am on Sunday- those seem to always be the first gone.
just like the other location i have been to, it is great.. very consistant with the quality and service.  ham bacon egg and cheese on a toasted egg bagel FTW
Incredible breakfast sandwiches, decent prices.

Not a very big place but I never want to sit down anyway, it's a great place to stop before work, or in the morning after a binger.  They use boar's head meat and have tons of selections. Everyone that has helped me has always been really nice. 

I'm pretty upset that I moved away from this place but just typing it makes me crave a ham egg and cheese bagel. YUM!
I've always passed this place for a couple years, and always told myself to give it a try sometime. So couple years later I finally tried it, and boy did I wish I tried this place earlier. I have become addicted to this place. I got atleast twice a week before I head off to school. Taylor Ham, egg and cheese on asiago cheese bagel that all I get and its perfect. Bagels have ton of flavor and terrific texture. Staff is very friendly.
You know that old saying that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach? Well, what the originator of that quote was really trying to say is that the way to a man's heart is through Hot Bagels. 

I've been going to this place for years; therefore, I always took the fantastic assortment of bagels, cream cheeses as well as the extremely low prices for granted. I knew Hot Bagels was the best place to get a fast and cheap breakfast, and I wanted to spread the word. 

So I offered to bring my romantic companion breakfast one morning; his honed taste buds reawakened me to the rare deliciousness that is Hot Bagels. On a side note, I'm pretty sure the bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich sealed the deal. 

If you are planning on winning over a romantic companion with food, use Hot Bagels. Might I suggest: lox spread on a sesame seed bagel, salmon on a salt bagel, or the breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel. Your love-life will flourish, guaranteed!
Just moved to Phoenix from Brooklyn, NY & was pleasantly surprised by the bagels at Hot Bagels. I wouldn't say they're 'the best' I've ever had, but definitely sufficiently scratch my ny bagel itch. 

Downside: the coffee isn't that great.
Hot Bagels, always my go to for a lox craving.  Generous portions of salmon, cream cheese, onions, and salty capers that burst in your mouth on your choice of bagel.
This place has the best deals on delicious bagel sandwiches. The service is always friendly and there is great variety. Yummy coffee too!
Yummy food great prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wish the location was bigger so could go as a group. Limited seating but fast service.
Most amazing bagels.. n they always put a TON of cream cheese.. which is awesome because most places are cheap and give you one thin spread. Def recommend!!
Very Good! Bagels are fresh and tasty! Very fast service!
I am a sucker for good bagels. Maybe that it because I am from New York and its in my blood??? I used to live in some apartments close to here and since I moved away I have been craving it ever since. These bagels are different and probably because they are run by a European family. They have a pretty good special on their breakfast sandwiches during the week if you get a chance to stop by. On the weekends they get very busy and may run out of your bagel of choice so try to get their early!
Poor customer service. Excellent bagels. 
A restaurant shouldn't solely be reviewed on the food they serve alone. That is why I gave Hot Bagels on 59th Ave 2 stars. Although the bagels are amazing, the customer service is very poor. Next time I will send in someone else to purchase a bagel for me.
Great place, have been going there for about 6 years. Service is always great. Even when they are busy, the line moves quickly. Prices are very good. Have never had any issues with the food.
First of all, if you think a bagel is a piece of bread with a hole in the middle, like grocery stores or chain bagel shops here in AZ sell, then you may not like this place. BUT, if you've ever had a bagel from NY or NJ and wonder why they are almost non-existent anywhere else, this is the place for you. I grew up in Fair Lawn NJ, home of the best bagels on earth. I'm not sure if I would be able to tell the difference between a bagel from this place and one from back home if I was given the blindfold test. And the best thing about it? THEY HAVE TAYLOR HAM!!!! You can get a Taylor ham, egg and cheese on a bagel for breakfast!

PS Real bagels are supposed to give your jaws a workout.
When a Jewish immigrant from Eastern Europe recommends a bagel joint you have to listen!!

Great bagels...great sandwiches using Old Boars Head products!!  Best of all these people are nice and LOVE their customers....I have never felt anything but appreciation from these fine fine folks.
Best bagels I've ever had!
I love this place.  This is the closest thing to an East coast bagel that I have found in Phoenix.  The breakfast special is awesome and the eggs are cooked on a grill and not in a microwave like some of the other bagel shops I have been to.  They get really busy on the weekends and sometimes it is hard to find a place to sit.  Good thing I live close and they are just as good to go :)
It was so so.  I actually prefer Einstein Brothers Bagels.
Amazing joint! Love the atmosphere.. The dude at the counters kinda rude but, the food makes up for it! mmmmm!
Still my favorite place for breakfast. Married to a Joisey boy, and he loves it, every time I am there I hea dat accent all ova da joint.
Best bagels in az
Great good. Fresh bagels, fresh bread, they put lots of meat on the sandwiches. And you can't beat the prices. Very affordable.
My go-to breakfast spot is on my way to work, but location is not the only plus with Hot Bagels. Yes, the bagels are hot and fresh as you'd expect.  But they're also frickin' huge.  Hold one next to any other bagel and you'll see the difference.  Although my wife claims the bagels are too salty, I have always been pleased.  And the family frequently gets a dozen on the weekend. Sweet Kona Blend coffee seals the deal, indeed this place is HOT!
Good bagels and super generous with the cream cheese.  My kids love the warm cinnamon rolls with frosting.  Never had any rude service that some other reviewers mentioned.  Missing the fifth star because there's no restroom and also because it's pretty tiny...there's hardly space to stand while you're waiting for your food, and at busy times you're lucky if you can get a seat.
Finally, a hot bagels by us up here on happy valley. Tasty tasty indeed!
Sill the best breakfast bagel sandwich
This was a great place to stop and grab some brunch after a morning hike! I got the lox and cream cheese bagel. It was very yummy. The place is small but the bagels are delicious! The staff was very friendly and fast!
Amazing bagels, especially the Asiago and Egg bagel! You have to get there early or they will be out! Love their bagel sandwiches too! Btw people, if you think they are being rude please don't ever go to Philly or New York. You will never survive. Its a different culture over there and that's why the people at Hot Bagels come across as rude when they really aren't. Not much else to say but go in and try a bagel!
I gave this place two tries just in case the first
impression was skewed since I came late in the day.
This is one of 3 locations of a local chain called 
Hot Bagels and Deli. It's in the mall with the huge 
Home Depot and cheap construction consultants for hire 
in the parking lot. The parking right in front of this 
place is a bit crowded and crazy during lunch time - 
what with it also being home to Subway, Panda Express, 
and Senor Taco as well. Lady who took my order had a 
slight Central European accent. I had a bagel and a
coffee. The coffee you just get from a coffee machine - 
no different from what they have at your local Circle K.
Both times the bagels were just ok. This last time my 
bagel was a little doughy and a bit too salty. Oh well, 
I guess I'll stick to Einstein Bros.
I ordered the lox and onion on wheat bagel, and instead got cooked salmon and onions on hard cardboard that's suppose to resemble a wheat bagel. Who heats up a bagel with lox on it???????? I understand if you toast up my bagel, but it certainly defeats the purpose of ordering lox if you're going to cook my fish. Not only was the food unappetizing, but what happened while I was waiting for my bagel made me want to walk out of the store and never come back. Maybe I should have to save my taste buds from such unpleasantry. As I was watching a worker butcher my food, another was sweeping and gathering all the crap on the floor, while a rack full of bagels that are meant to be sold to customers were a mere few feet away! At one point, all the dust, crumbs, garbage, bacteria, and who knows what else was on that floor were mere inches away from the bagel! If only a health inspector was there to witness such atrocities! I was seriously cringing inside thinking of all the bacterial spores and pathogens that were now airborne and adhering to the food. Does food poisoning and illnesses come to anyone's minds? This place is disgusting and needs to be paid a visit by the city's health inspector!
Hot Bagels. To a random passerby, it's like any bagel place really. To locals and Midwestern students, it's a holy temple. And to me, well it's a highly overrated bagel place. But hey, it's still delicious! Especially if you're in the mood for a bagel.

But it's kinda pricey. I ultimately paid like $8 for a bagel with lox, cream cheese, and a bag of chips. Seriously?? I mean, yes, it was one of the best bagels I've ever had but I could've gone next door to Senor Taco and gotten a burrito for $3 less and have enough for a dry-cleaning job at the $2.25 cleaners adjacent!

And that's what brings this place down. While bagels are delicious and it's hard to mess up bagels, it's still just a bagel. So if you're feeling like having a bagel, definitely check this place out. It's on par with or better than Einstein Bros. Just don't be overhyped by all the love the locals have for this place because in the end, you're just having a bagel. =)
This is my go to breakfast place in Glendale. It's super close to Midwestern University and on my way to work in the mornings. The bagels are big and fresh with plenty of cream cheese. I like to switch off getting the Everything Bagel with plain cream cheese and the Breakfast Bagel Sandwich with bacon, egg, and cheese. 

But the one thing I would recommend the most here is their Reuben Sandwich. I'm not a huge fan of deli meat sandwiches but this is one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. Yes, life. Imagine pastrami, sauerkraut, provolone, and thousand island dressing on rye bread (also able to sub bagel). Mm mm good. For something lighter, try the pepper crack turkey sandwich. Solid. Both sandwiches are a good size.

Service is adequate and fast. I usually get it to-go since there's not much seating inside. They also have pretty good coffee. I've been here at least ten times and I have never had a bad experience.
Bagels on display reminded me of my previous bagel stop, Noah's bagels =]

I ordered a traditional garlic bagel with cream cheese for here. Paid more than I wanted to but I figured I could deal since this place seemed to be a local favorite. Sat down when the "heated" bagel was handed to me on a plastic plate. Tried to take my first bit but the bagel was MUCH bigger than i expected haha mainly because of how much cream cheese they spread over it. Which would be awesome if I loved cream cheese but I don't so more than half of it ended up in the trash. 
But the bagel itself was nice and toasty. I took each bite like it was my last and enjoyed it like no other. Usually don't get full off one bagel but these are pretty filling.

overall, I was impressed but not amazed. Ive had worse and I've had better.
I went here cause they have some seriously amazing brownies. Like, I'll mug a senior citizen if I knew they were carrying one of the brownies from Hot Bagels....
Anyway, I decided to go for their buffalo chicken sandwich on a plain bagel. Not too bad. I mean, it's kinda hard to mess up a deli sandwich, am I right?
They have a lot of choices and the price is right too. $5.95 for a cold sandwich ($6.95 for a hot) which includes chips and a drink. Yeah, move over Subway...lol
My friend and I also tried their bagel dog...that's really yummy too. I'll be back to try other things along with buying out their supply of brownies. 
Oh, and the reason why I only gave 4/5 stars is because it was kinda loud in there and had to have the girl who was taking my order repeat herself at least 3 times. It's wasn't cause of loud music or anything, it's just cause there was a lot of people dining in and the seating area, although good enough, is still kinda on the small side. I think I may have seen a table or two outside too but they were empty as its was hotter than the surface of the sun outside...lol.
Been in here more times than I can count.  Likely have a stake at this point in one of the boilers...

There is a rhythm to this place.  Like a hectic Starbucks (do these exist anymore?) or the DMV.  Bottom line is that It takes a few passes to get the swing of it.  Don't roll in all Einsteins-fresh and go "hey, what about my microwave heated egg patty?!?!?"

Get to know this little gem and let them get to know you.  It's a dance people, it takes a few turns to get it.  After that, I believe you will experience a excellent value, consistency, and yes - friendly and helpful staff that I look forward to saying "good morning" too.  

BTW - one of the few places that will keep me drinking hot coffee in the summer due to their Kona!
When I worked at Staples, this place made me want to come to work. I love their breakfast sandwiches so much! I usually get the egg, sausage, and cheese. Their coffee is also super good. Their lunch sandwich special is also amazing! They pack on the meat and cheese, so obviously I do not mind paying a little more to get this instead of Subway. 

For some reason, the bagels and cream cheese seem to lose their appeal. I do not think there is anything special about them by themselves. Also, it can often be difficult to find a seat inside, but it is fun to sit outside when the weather's nice! 

The staff is always super friendly and happy!
I always have loved this place!! Great bagels and great service. It's always busy for a reason :)
I will keep it simple and say these are the best Bagels in town, period. If you ever have an opportunity to go there for breakfast, my personal favorite is the poppy seed bagel with Taylor Ham, egg and cheese. But, there's a lot to choose from and the staff is very helpful and friendly.
Opinion.. finely dice your Jalepenos in your cream cheese, too big of slices and it wasnt spicy.
We LOVE hot bagel, the food is delicious. We will go on the weekend and get the bagel, egg, meat and cheese.  The bagels have a nice taste and are a change from the store bought type.
Bacon, egg, and cheese on a garlic bagel toasted. That's all you need to know.
Good bagels, great price, TERRIBLE service. More times than not, they screw up my order & have a very poor attitude. I once ordered an bagel w a side of cream cheese. I got to the car. Wrong bagel, no cream cheese. Not a difficult order. I told the manager who corrected the bagel but argued that he didnt charge me for the cream cheese. No matter how many times I reapeated  "I know, you didnt charge me for it but I ordered it & didnt get it" he couldnt get it. It was busy in there & he began raising his voice at me & causing a scene. I was VERY put off to say the least. We keep going back because the bagels are pretty good & very cheap but man..they need to really get their act together.
When I know we are not going to have time for lunch I BEG my husband to stop here on our way to work.  Friendly staff and they remember what I like even when its been a while since my last time there.  Decently priced too!!
My hubby and I have ordered bagels from this place far more often that we probably should.  We just can't stay away.  The bagels are tasty and moist, chewy yet soft.  We always get the egg, cheese and bacon bagel sandwich and the chorizo burrito.  They both come cut in half so we exchange halves so we can each have half of both meals.  This is the way to go.  We always get extra egg and extra meat on the bagel sandwich though because otherwise the sandwich is a little flat.  It only raises the price by a bit though so I reccommend ordering it that way.  The coffee is tasty and I never drink straight up coffee.  Any day of the week, make sure you come before 10am because that's when everyone and their mother shows up.
Kick ass bagels. My personal favorites are the lox and the ruben. I go to school right across the street and when i need something fast and delicious this place always delivers!
So good! Love starting my morning off here!
Great service, food and prices. The deli is small maybe because it was full of customers! They had nice clean patio tables outside. The bagels were good. We ate an everything and a wheat. I ordered a cinnamon raisin for later :)
What an awesome hole in the wall. Small restaurant but so clean and comfortable to be in. My girlfriend and I had the breakfast special ($4.40 for a breakfast sandwich and coffee) and it was perfect! Staff was so friendly and helpful and made some great recommendations before we chose our meal.
Definitely will be returning here when I'm in the area again.
Hot Bagels some of the best bagels I have ever had. They have speedy service. I go there at least once a week for breakfast, and its affordable to do that (and I work for minimum wage). Their breakfast menu is delicious, but their lunch menu is also great. I think people forget about their lunch food, but its still just as great. I recommend it for everyone.
Best breakfast you will find.
So delicious! If you're looking for a fantastic but fast spot for breakfast, look no further!
Bagels available 365 days a year!!  This place is the best bagel place in Glendale.
Great deli lunch sandwiches too. Family owned, and close to MWU.
Love the bagels  have been going here for years!

Excellent  service
Hot bagelz is the best!!!! I love everything here their bagels are so yummy

I love their schmears and their boars head sandwiches
All top quality at this spot ! Love the egg sausage and cheese breakfast bagel... Very friendly staff also
If you're wasting your time at Einstein's or the like, stop. Go to Hot Bagels. Simply the best bagels I've had here in Arizona and best since the old Western Bagel Company back in the San Fernando Valley. It's a guaranteed stop two to three times a week, much to the non-delight of my cardiologist and my wife.
very good bagels obviously made in house.  Family feel, good service.

a bit of tight quarters in the dinning area.  

It may become a regular spot for me in the future.
Def a go to breakfast/lunch joint.  Good prices and great food.  Boars Head is always a big win.  If you need breakfast or a deli fix you can't go wrong here..
Customer service is not the best and neither are the bagels. I'm from NJ and the bagels are not as good as back home. I always find that the bagels don't taste very fresh. They're a little dry and somtimes taste a bit too salty.
Amazing food. Not the best customer service, more into their conversations than talking to you but the food is damn good!
Fast service and a really good bagel. The breakfast special (bagel sandwich with a coffee or drink) will take care of you on your way to work when you oversleep and can't get it together at home on a Monday morning. Bagels are huge and delicious. 

Not a whole lot of room inside for a leisurely breakfast in the mornings so a better option for grab & go. Boar's Head meats for your sandwiches, too, so you could call ahead and order something for lunch. My dry cleaners is right next door and it's right off of the 101, so I'll be in for breakfast most Monday mornings when I am running late.
Excellent little bagel shop. Had an onion bagel with jalapeo cream cheese which was made with real fresh jalapeos. Delicious. My wife had a wheat bagel with regular cream cheese! Delicious will be back for sure!
Awesome. I had been going to Einstein's bagels for as long as I can remember. I will never go back there again after trying this place. The yelp reviews don't lie. These bagels are huge. I'm pretty sure they even make their own cream cheese. You have not lives until you have eaten here. Defiantly recommend to anyone in the neighborhood.
I can't believe I've driven past here for years and didn't stop by 'til now. The exterior is non-assuming, but upon pulling up, I couldn't believe how packed it was! That's a good sign...

We shared the chorizo burrito and a ham, egg and cheese garlic bagel. Pork lovers unite. Including the one coffee that came with the bagel, this breakfast for two came to $10 total and we were definitely satiated. 

The food and coffee are simple fare, but the bagel was amazing and soooo very fresh. In fact, they had so many bagel options to choose from that is was hard to decide! And freshest looking bagels I've seen in the area. (Beware vampires: the garlic bagel is almost overpoweringly strong, but I love garlic so no complaints here.) 

Popular Sunday morning place, quick service, good prices, and, most of all, tasty food.
A sexy Albanian recommended this place to me, so how could I say no? 

Don't be fooled by the exterior, it's not particularly attractive or appealing but once in, you're caught. The interior is very nice, lots of tile and rock, very beautiful for a simple bagel shop. 

The staff is extremely helpful, sweet, and patient. I saw one staff member take his time out of restocking just to hold the door for a customer carrying some items. I rarely see that at other establishments. The ladies behind the counter always greet and help you with a smile! That was nice. :) 

Well I ordered a bagel sandwich with coffee and then had a crumb cake afterwards and ordered a brownie to go. Everything is priced decently (especially the sweets). And the food was great (ESPECIALLY the crumb cake!). The sandwiches are large and I could only eat half and had to save the other half for later. The only complaint I have regarding what I ordered was the coffee. It was very cold. 
:(

This place is great for breakfast or lunch! And there is seating inside as well as outside!
Always a great stop. I have eaten here numerous times and every time has been great. Fast service and friendly staff. Not a ton of seating and the place is usually cranking out bagels and sandwiches. The breakfast bagels are great and come out fast!!  I will continue to be a customer here. If you haven't stopped here you are cheating yourself.
Any type of fresh bagel and bagel sandwich you can think of. They are always fresh and use only boars head meats and cheeses. New York style deli that is simply delicious.
Amazing breakfast. Wife and I frequent this place often. At least 2-3 times a week. Breakfast meals with great taste and amazing prizes. The coffee is great. They use a kona blend. I just wished they had a bigger place :)
I love Hot Bagels! I did a review for the Happy Valley location, but must have missed the review on this location. First off I've been coming here for years. I love the bagel breakfast sandwich. On my last visit I had a ham, egg, cheese sandwich on a everything bagel. Delicious as always and fills me up! I recommend Hot Bagels to anyone that is looking for a quick and good breakfast. On a side not I had a buffalo chicken bagel sandwich for lunch at the other location and it was awesome as well, so for breakfast or a hearty lunch sandwich come here!
Hands down the most delicious bagels ever. Closest to New York style bagels ever. A++++ for sure.
This is one of the worst bagels + cream cheese I have ever had. 

Ordered blueberry and everything bagel, both with lite cream cheese (yes, lame).
I requested it to be toasted, it was not. Both bagels were dry, plain, and very disappointing. And they put WAY to much cream cheese on. 

Maybe I went wrong with not getting a breakfast sandwich but if you can't nail the basics, you are done for. See attchaed pics for, err, the bagel that came with my cream cheese.
Good place and delicious food! Great atmosphere for a quick breakfast or brunch and nice thick bagels. Good for bringing to the office or sitting down to eat.
great spot, excellent food. live across the street and stop in a couple times a week. always fast and friendly service.
This is a great place to sit and have lunch with friends.  It's always busy but the service is fast.  Staff is very friendly, in fact, my daughter of 2 years use to go in with me all the time and they would always acknowledge her.

I never pay over $7 for breakfast or lunch, and the deli meat is excellent quality.  I would definitely recommend it.
Can you believe this place is right next to a Subway and people still go to Subway?! My first time here and I get a gorgeous sandwich plus chips and a drink for cheaper then Subway. The food is so good. The establishment clean and well kept. Plus, no employee is just hanging around looking bored and all of them seem happy to be here. Five stars indeed! No more Subway for me!
Mix and match whatever bagels and toppings/inserts you like on your bagels. Breakfast bagels are the best...try out my own version, Spinach Bagel with sausage, egg, cheese and tomatoes - yummiest! The kids love it as well. It's family owned and operated...come and support them!
This is the greatest bagel shop. Breakfast sandwiches are awesome. If you are there at lunch try a reuben, you will thank me later. Great staff. Love it.
Best bagels Ive ever had! I visit a few times a month and I have probably tried 80% of the menu, nothing is bad! Try the different flavors of cream cheese, the garlic one is so good!
Best bagel place ever. I would go there atleast 2-3 times a week in highschool, and now I make sure I go there whenever I am back home in AZ. 

So delicious, everything bagel with butter is 2.00$ and so bomb!
Are you looking to tempt your taste buds? Then, look no more! This is one of the best places to get breakfast or lunch. The Nova Lox on the everything bagel is my favorite. I love the everything bagel with cream cheese too.

Don't be fooled by the exterior. This is a New York style deli which serves sandwiches and delicious desserts in additional to the tasty breakfast items. Do not worry about what to order. You will enjoy any choice you make. The food will not disappoint.
This place is ALWAYS packed and they seem to cycle through the orders VERY fast! Very tasty bagels and breakfast burritos. Home cooked taste to the breakfast platters. HUGE variety of drinks.

100% recommended.
These are the only bagels I truly crave.  I'll eat just about any bagel, but these are truly what bagels should be.  They are a two layer treat -- a well-done outer "shell" with an appropriately gluteny, chewy, yet not-too-dense center.  I've never ventured beyond the bagels to explore the rest of the menu since the bagels themselves are so perfect.

The service is always wonderful and quite quick, so don't think you can place an order and make it over the the Starbucks and back, because you won't have to wait even that long.  Regulars and new patrons are treated equally well.

My recommendation is an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on either the salt or sesame bagel.  Then get another bagel to go, because you'll definitely want one later.
A great deli (great bagels too, but I go there for the deli). A very small place and the food is always good & fresh. They'll do all kinds of custom orders. They cook your order quickly so you'll be in and out in minutes. Low prices and sandwich comes with a drink & chips. Awesome & friendly staff. 

My *favorite* deli in Surprise.
Same as 59th Ave & Beardsley location (chain).  Bagels served up fresh, with fresh quality ingredients.  The Surprise store seems to offer more breakfast options than the Glendale location.  Cute Irish ladies with strong accents was uplifting and brought a smile to my face.
There is a sign in the window that says a lunch special is a sandwich for $5.99 or $6.99 which includes a drink and a bag of chips. However, when I ordered a tuna sandwich on wheat that's all I got for $8. Not even a pickle spear! I was in a hurry and didn't have time to check on why I didn't get the special. I feel like it's good customer service to educate and honor lunch specials (maybe the tuna sandwich didn't qualify).

The place was not busy when I was there and the employee was cleaning the floors. She wasn't overly friendly, but was fast.

It has been a while since I was here for breakfast, but what I remember is that it was good.

With other sandwich places nearby, I would choose them over this place. However, it is a convenient location and right next to Starbucks for a quick snack if you are in a hurry.
*Review by proxy*

Strawberry cream cheese should not look like pepto bismol.  Abby said bubble gum but I don't think that's pink enough.  Yet still no flavor.  The bagels were mediocre, the only thing it had going for it was convenience.

*dictated to hubby over the phone*
Quality bagels, meats, and staff. Cooked to order breakfast is amazing
ROLF ~ I hate to give any business a 1 star rating especially when it's a locally owned but after two different visits to Hot Bagels & Deli in Surprise, I view them as a potential health hazard.  

Our last visited started off on the wrong foot with the owners having a conversation between themselves and ignoring their customers.  We ordered two bagel sandwiches for lunch ~ asiago cheese bagel with ham & cheese and a side of chips and drink.  They only offered two choices of cheese, Swiss and American which I don't like either... My friend ordered a turkey & swiss (only choice) on a jalapeno bagel.  

Half way through our bagel sandwiches I noticed little blue dots on bottom of his bagel and they were not jalapeno's, ROLF!  The bagels were old, chewy and came with a bit if penicillin apparently.

This was my second bad visit and don't plan to go back.  I tried to tell the owners about our experience and she turned away and walked off! wowsers!
Went here and they were rude and charged different prices then on the menu and they told us it was because we ordered something off menu but we asked for what was on there. be aware dining here.
I have eaten here twice once for breakfast and once for lunch. And both times I have enjoyed the food that was made to order and the fast service. Big bonus is that Starbucks is next door. Yay!
Bought dozen+1 bagels this week.  Bagels were fresh.  I really like the marble rye bagel.  I also bought a small tub of sundried tomato cream but I didn't really care for the taste of it. I'll be back for bagels and next I'll stick to the veggie cream instead of straying from what I know.
I typically buy breakfast or lunch here once a weekend.  Highly recommended.  They have good lunch specials where you get a good sandwich, chips and a drink for around $6.  Also, I recommend the bagels and breakfast burritos.  I have been coming here for years. and would definitely recommend to people looking for a good local bagel shop.
Looking for a hot tasty gourmet sandwich for a fair price? This is the place. 

I come here weekly with my husband and am always impressed by their food.  I make an attempt to try a different sandwich each time I visit, and have yet to have a bad experience.  There are always customers there, many seem like regulars.  They are always sold out of the 'egg bagel' so I've never had a chance to try it, but it sounds interesting.  Last time in I ordered an onion bagel with onion/chive cream cheese to go.  They REALLY load it up with the cream cheese, definitely no skimping here!!  

Looking for a hot tasty gourmet sandwich for a fair price? This is the place.
There is a Starbucks right next door, so whenever I grab a coffee I'll usually stop in here for a bite to eat. (great decision for a location.) I usually grab a lox bagel and its always nice. It has the usual; smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, and onions. Never a complaint....although to give a full review I probably should try something else too :)
Stopped in for breakfast on the way to the airport.  I did not know they were here, but saw them when walking in to Starbucks for a coffee.  Anyways, food was just kind of bland.  Not really sure I will stop back again, since I can get good bagels from my favorite breakfast/lunch deli a few miles down in Surprise.
Visited this place before getting coffee. I had a plain bagel with cream cheese and my husband had their pretzel bunned hot dog. We were both satisfied, and will definitely come back again.
Egg Sandwiches sucked, i was visiting AZ on business i only went in because it was next to starbucks,  place kinda smelled funky too.
One day I was looking to eat out for once for breakfast and checked out Paradise Bakery. The line felt like it was going to be an hour wait. We go to IHOP and it's a two hour wait! Finally we found Hot Bagels & Deli. Now if you're looking for a nice sitdown place with a waiter this isn't the place for you. The service was just adequate that's why I gave it a three but otherwise the food was delicious and there was no wait like at all those other places. Plus the prices aren't bad either.
This place is alright if you are looking for the fast food alt. , the quality is hit or miss. I usually route for a place like this big time , but like I said its not consistent at all ! Two of the three people that work there are rude and very unfriendly , and need to smile ! If they work on those two problems and stay open a little later this place would be all aces !
My husband and I came to get a dozen bagels ( different variety), we waited for the cashier to finish with the prior customer before we spoke to him about what we wanted to order. When it was our turn my husband asked what the price of a dozen bagels would be, and then we proceeded to place our order. The Cashier then asked us if he could help another customer behind us first? I don't know what to think about that, as I thought we were right in the middle of placing our order! Never the less you never know what a person is going through, so we  won't harp on it! Blessings to their business for the future!
Had a really great blueberry bagel with strawberry cream cheese!  Saw the reviews and was a little nervous but mine was perfect!
I last stopped here years ago right after they opened. At the time I wondered how well they would do next to a Starbucks and opening what I considered late on the morning for folks getting to work. Well they are still here and still disorganized. I like all the cream cheese options. With only 2 orders in the works it seemed quite a while to toast a bagel for 3 workers. I did notice they were still making fresh bagels in small batches as they were going. If speed is of the essence I see they have a national chain competitor now in the same center. The owner appears almost rude with customers but l think that comes from the environment he came from.
Bagels are average at best, very stingy here. No ketchup packets anywhere just one nasty bottle that everyone has to touch. The worst part about it is the people working here seem to have the biggest attitude, won't be going back here. Dude who runs the register needs to find a different job that doesn't involve ANY customer interaction.
Albanian family runs this location while the others are ran by the original family of owners.  The bagels here were drier than an east coast bagel and I would consider them average.  I did like the many types of cream cheese they offered.  I had a ham, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich (requested cheddar instead of standard American) and was surprised that they didn't heat up the bagel at all.  There wasn't much ham in it and it was a little in the dry side.  I added a little mayonnaise (they had to out some in a cup for me since they don't have packets at this location) and it was disgusting.   Stay away from the mayo here.   They didn't have any milk for the kids to drink even from the back.  This isn't a recommended stop but they were very nice people!  Try the other two locations.
I get my breakfast here on a pretty regular basis, seeing as I work nearby. Having the tastebuds of a picky child, I always either get a toasted and buttered blueberry bagel, or the pbj toasted bagel. Both have always been delicious, and prepared in a very timely manner! Even if the business owner isn't always sunshine and flowers, it's still a pretty solid place to go for morning bagels/sandwiches/what-have-you. Of course, it helps that it's right next to a Starbucks. ;)
I rather enjoyed my experience here. Mom and pop bagel place trying to make it. The other reviews seem petty about not getting 5 star restaurant experience. It's good bagels, good food, friendly experience. I liked it enough to want to put 5 stars to better their review.
Bagels are fresh and so delicious here.  I'm a fan of their Lox on an everything bagel.  My family enjoys their breakfast deals... Bagel w/ egg and sausage plus drink/coffee for $5.. Can't beat that.  

I'm hungry just thinking about it.  You should really try this if you're in the neighborhood!!!  Coffee isn't the best, but you have a Starbucks next door if that's the case...
A good selection of bagels.  Their smear of lite cream cheese, as are their prices, is more than I like.
I usually come here for a dozen of bagels but haven't been here  in 2 months ... service was very slow today, seems like the last couple times i have tried this place has not changed. The bagels were fresh though ... just really slow service. Lot of selection and people behind the counter are friendly. Hope they stream line the process better
This location has nice staff. I like the specialty bagels; spinach and chilies. I prefer the breakfast options at Brooklyn Bros better. This place relies more on the "synthetic",  if you will, eggs, bacon, and sausage and the fresh squeezed orange juice is really minute maid light pulp. But the Nova Lox is good as well as the flavored coffees.
The bagels are always fresh and tasty here.  I LOVE Einstein's coffee, and the bottomless cup that you serve yourself.  My favorite thing about Einstein's is the selection of coffees.  They always have a seasonal roast available (right now it's Autoumn Roast, and it's de-lish!)  Thania and her store's staff are always very friendly.  I love sitting on the tall chairs in front of the window reading or doing my homework.

The only down sides to this store is that it's a bit small, and even if there was wi-fi, there's not an outlet to be found other than the one right by the east door (and they probably wouldn't really dig me plugging in and creating a tripping/lawsuit hazard).  Other than that, a great place to chill and get some great coffee.
The fact that Einstein Bagels is usually massed with patrons in the morning is a sign that the Las Vegas Valley has a need for more bagel shops.
   After living in New York, Einstein Bagels trails behind mom and pop bagel shops in value and quality. For the record Einstein Bagels attempted to go into the New York market, and failed in a couple months. A BLT special with coffee in a New York bagel shop is a great deal less expensive than Einstein Bagels.
  At any rate, this is a good place to have breakfast. It is convenient to Henderson's Galleria Mall business district. Theirs coffee, with unlimited refills, is coffee shop quality. And there is a sufficient amount of vacant parking spaces at the adjoining vacant Borders.
  On this visit they slightly jumped the shark by not letting customers order the $5 BLT special to noon. C'mon. Still it was not much of a jump to lower my rating.
The bagels are really fresh here. I got the 6 cheese bagel toasted with cream cheese. So good! The coffee is really good here too. Staff is very friendly. Will come back next time we are in town!
This store is chilled/cold. The staff love they jobs. Food is muah!
Love this place. The staff is always friendly always greets when arriving. The bagels are always fresh everyday. I love the vanilla hazelnut coffee. Store is always clean. I have been coming here to this store a long time and have seen alot of the employees changed.
What a terrible experience at this one! I have never seen a worse ran store of any type. If you are a regular you get to skip non regular's in line because they walk in the door get their order's made skip you in line and you don't even get asked what you want until that regular has their food and has paid! We were in line before three of these regulars walked in and they had everything and paid before we were spoken to. I called the area manager Rosita and didn't even get a call back, too bad that this area of Einstein's has failed miserably! I was a huge fan of Einstein's in other cities but will never visit another one again. I know these are very strong words, but they are very well deserved!
Einstein's back home in Chicago was great but i have been very disappointed by the Einstein's in this area. Not only in terms of quality of food, but quality of service both of them are horrid here in Las Vegas. I hate to say it but I can no longer rely on Einstein's for a good bagel breakfast.
This review is totally based on service!  I love their bagels!  When they have some made...

There is always a line to the door or out the door.  They only sell bagels so how can you be out of them?  Even plain bagels???  This location is not run very well.  We now drive to the Eastern Ave location instead of going right down the road this much closer location.  It's worth the drive!
Any place with unlimited free refills on coffee can have my undying love. I almost don't want the coffee lovers to find out about this place so I can have it all to myself. The staff here is always super friendly, attentive and accommodating. They even make me smile when I'm feeling the pre-coffee grouchiness! 

The food here is always great. My favorite is probably the asiago cheese bagel but I just tried the Tuscan and it had this great herby, pesto-like flavor. The free wi-fi is a huge plus too. I wish the hours were better though - it closes at 3 PM on Sunday. They could also use some couches... but then I'd probably get way too comfortable here.
the WIFI here has been down 2 of the last three times I've been here over the last month.  I'm using the my hotspot on my phone in a coffee shop, imagine that.   If I can't get WIFI I can't work.  If I can't work, I can't go here.   Reply to this review when the connectivity issues have been resolved and I'll start going there again.   Thanks
One of my vices is a bagel with cream cheese and an ice coffee. That's why I love Einstein's! They have a great deal for $3.99 a bagel with a smear of your choice and a coffee. 

Einstein's has soooo many different bagels it's hard to pick just one sometimes. Some of my favorites are the Pumpernickel bagel, Pretzel bagel and the Garlic bagel. I really enjoy their Garlic and Herb smear. It's reduced fat, but you would never know. If your feeling adventurous i'd suggest the Garlic bagel with a Salmon smear! Yum! If you have a little extra cash I like to indulge in the Nova Lox bagel. It has capers, tomato, thin slices of red onion, lox and a smear. 

As far as drinks go I always get a regular ice coffee. It has unlimited refills! Yay!

Even though they get busy at times the staff is friendly and always do their best to help you. 

If your craving a bagel and your in the area hit up Einstein's. They even have breakfast and lunch bagel sandwiches!
When there is one around me I would eat my lunch there. I love their Italian Chicken Panini. I never really liked bagels that much until I came here. Now I'm addicted! Since then I've eaten almost everything on the menu.
They made me a bagel that they were out of :)
It was super cold ac there during the summer which was good, but couldn't stay inside the store too long without being too cold.
I ordered bagel with strawberry, they put almond .... If you ordered bagel thing they give you regular bagel ???? What happened ?
I love this location and I love the staff! Fav bagel place in vegas
I love the food at Einstein's but the service has been poor on several occasions. I have received the wrong food, cold coffee, had to repeat my order several times, the register was down, the cappuccino machine was down several times, and the wait time is horrible. The system they have in place to take & prepare your orders is very bad. People behind you can often get their food before you do. It seems like a poor management problem. The employees are very nice but don't seem to be very well trained.
Store was freezing. Us and every customer after us had to change their orders because they were out of something. Some customers just left the store. If it were 10 minutes until closing time, I might have understood. But, they had hours until they closed. Food was good, but the last 3 times I have gone to this restaurant there have been issues/problems.
Quick service & friendly staff!
Right between work and home, so I go here if I have time in the mornings to grab a quick breakfast!

I always get their Bagel Thins but I've discovered a new found love for their Power Protein Bar & Spinach Florentine! Sooo good!

3 stars for average, lol. Not bad but not mind blowing either!
First time going, I was happy with the service. Their menu looked delicious,  I got a ham and swiss egg sandwich. I am giving it four stars because I felt the portions aren't as big as they should be, I left still a bit hungry. I would definitely go back because their breakfast options were really good.
Come after the morning rush. We were there around 10:15.  Just after we arrived there a line started to form. The staff we friendly (they knew all the names of the regulars) and the food was pretty good.  One tip, don't get the Odwalla juice.  It's pretty expensive for a little thing.  What else is there to say?  They have great bagels and delicious smears.  Highly recommend if it's your turn to bring in the office breakfast.
The bagels are good, but the service is consistently below average. The last two times I've gone there, there is one girl taking orders and accepting payment. It's been busy both times I've gone in. 

Last time I had to wait for her to take about 6 orders before I could pay. I already HAD my bagel. Today she took an order before mine that was about 6 people, then two other people came after me that we're able to pay before I was able to. 

So after all of this, both times, a manager I'm assuming comes out to help. They need more people in the mornings to make it flow better. It shouldn't take 10 minutes to order and pay for one bagel.
This is another one of my favorite bagel places in Madison. A little less known than Gotham and Einstein, but I'm pretty sure it's better than Einstein and up to bar with Gotham. 

I love how Bruegger's isn't just about the bagels. Their bagels and spreads are unique, and their signature bagel sandwiches are indeed hearty, fresh, and delicious. In addition, the breakfast menu is awesome and both their sandwiches and paninis are great as well. 

For coffee lovers, buy the bottomless mug. You can free refills for coffee the whole year.
Love me a toasty fresh bagel in the am. When the weather is nice, I'll take my dog, Eloise on a walk and finish it off with a bagel and eat it outside on the patio. 

Things I like: they seem to be making bagels all the time. Seriously! I haven't gone in when there wasn't a batch in the baking process. 

They've got awesome sammies. Try the beef and cheddar with caramelized onions. It is so substantial and he onions are cooked in a red vinegar, so they've got a nice tang.

Things I would like to change:  it feels like this place is halfsies a bagel shop and halfsies like Panera. The issue with that is when you have 2 halves of a great thing,  you miss out on the 'specialty' aspect of the biz which makes it so awesome. I would like it to focus on bagels (since they do that so well, and less on the sammie side (even though they are tasty) since the selection just isn't as big as the competitors), and crank those bagels out to include an even bigger variety of bready goodness.
The bagels are awesome. Super chewy(in a good way) and many varieties to choose from. My favorite is the Rosemary Olive Oil. AMAZING. The breakfast sammy with turkey sausage is a great, filling, easy start to the day. The best part of this sandwich is the magical way it always stays together. There's no AWOL egg sliding down, or mysterious juices ruining my shirt. So if you're in a rush and have to nosh in your car--go for it. 

The not so awesome? The service. it's not bad. it's just not...good. I always feel like the employees are like "Okay. You're here. I'm here. Let's get this done."
Wholeheartedly agree about the extremely poor service at this location.  I've actually been recommending that people go just to see how comically bad it really is.
I really feel that the service here has been better lately. Friendly staff, and the bagels are still great!

Also, they have iced coconut coffee for the season! It's like liquid caffeinated summer yumminess. Try it!
Every time I go here I vow "never again." Then I'm running late somewhere and stop. Well, never again. 

A few mornings ago I walk in. The person in front of me had just placed a large and complicated order - a bunch of bagel sandwiches, which all needed toasted bagels, lots of sliced veggies. eggs and melted cheese. I stood there in front of the worker as he worked to make them, and he did what some employees do when they are busy - pretend you don't exist, as if somehow not acknowledging you means that you're not really waiting there for them. Anyway, that was ok - he was clearly busy, as was the manager who was helping a little and working the register. 

Anyway, after about 3 minutes of waiting (without any words from the worker) a woman comes in and gets in line next to me. She must be a regular, because the employee greets her, asks how she is, then asks if she wants her regular order. She says she does, but she needs a dozen bagels as well. While still working on the large order, he gets a bagel and cuts it to toast. In between finishing the large order, he gets a bagel with cream cheese ready, then hands it to the manager - and the lady goes to join him and tell him she needs her dozen bagels as well.The manager proceeds to get her dozen, and the employee keeps finishing the other order before he finally is bothered to ask me what I want.

So the employee completely ignored me, but greeted and helped someone he knew who came in several minutes after me. By the time he finally took my order, she had already paid. I complained to the manager, who of course thanked me for bringing it to his attention. However, this same employee has been terrible before. There is no excuse for that kind of shockingly bad service. 

Like I said - never again. And you shouldn't go there either. 

And this doesn't even address the time I was there and 3 upper level management people were there mediating a disagreement between a store manager and an employee, with him calling her disrespectful and her accusing him of racism. In the middle of the store during business hours, when all of us customers could hear. What a crappy, crappy business.
We love trying new places when we're out of town, and my daughter was requesting bagels. So we popped in here for breakfast.

There were several cream cheese varieties and I was debating on which I wanted, but I finally settled on the onion & chive on an onion bagel. My daughter was basic - plain bagel with plain cream cheese. My son got a plain bagel with PB&J. And my husband had some sort of breakfast egg bagel sandwich.

It was all very good. The girls behind the counter were very nice and worked to get us served quickly.
This is my home-base Einstein's..or is it Noah's Bagels?  Same thing really.  I was delighted to learn Phoenix has Noah's sister company, Einstein Bros Bagels, upon moving here.

My favorite is the 6 cheese bagel, but I'm branching out more and more and trying other flavors.

Minus one star for running out of my beloved 6 cheese from time to time and I sitll have a hard time paying $5 for a bagel, cream cheese (I refuse to use that awful 'S' word they use), and juice.
I sometimes pick up bagels for the folks at work, usually on Fridays. This Einstein's location is always fast, efficient and clean. The staff are very friendly and take the time to go the extra mile.
We stopped in here yesterday for some bagel action. 

The guy taking our orders should not have been taking orders. not only did the hubs and I both have to repeat our very simple orders several times, he then told us we couldn't order drinks with him but at the register, which we always place our drink orders with the order taker... He seemed very overwhlemed.

Our drinks took forever. They were busy but the cashier is the drink maker as well apparently. We had to wait for a good 10 minutes for her to make our drinks. Meanwhile we see a manager just walking around, jump on drinks dude! 

When we got home we found our order messed up and none of the bagels were toasted like we had asked :( wah wah. Total bum out.
I've been to this store several times - in the past - and have tried the cheese, garlic, plain and combo bagels.  This location is packed in the mornings with regulars:  cops, locals, many of the people from my neightborhood, including a columnist from the Arizona Republic.   I don't like their bagels.  They're small, bland, and too dense.  My favorite bagels are Costco's cheese bagels.  Second runner up are Fry's cheese bagels.
Great bagels and pretty well brewed coffee!  The service can be hot or miss sometimes but all in all a good experience.
I was just here this morning. I got a dozen with 2 smears. The place was packed and there was a line of about 5 people but it moved fast and I was waited on quickly and efficiently.
I'm not going to lie. The service is awful. I come here a lot and I feel that an order is either always screwed up or they are fixing something they screwed up for someone else. It feels like a frat house when I walk in, people cackling, loud objects being dropped, stuff being spilled. (By the way, it is 1:00 pm on a Sunday???) Plus, while I waited to check out, this girl, Cara, sat on the phone talking to a customer like a 13-year-old girl, while the customer complained about getting the wrong order and Cara said the customer will get something free next time. (WHAT????)  If I was an owner I'd clean house. Check out the Ahwatukee location for the best Einsteins. They all have personalities, but aren't obnoxious and wasting the owners money.  Ridiculous.
yummm fresh bagels and different cream cheeses. I liked honey almond yumm! I also liked their bagel sandwiches i got this fancy one with asparagus plus their coffee is unlimited refills and do it yourself. Only downfall it has limited hours :( free wifi!
So, my appetite has been nill lately due to stress.  I'm eating, but only on an as need basis.  This morning, I woke up hungry, and decided it was time to leave the house to get something to eat, and take the job search out of the apartment to a new location to keep it fresh.

Mind you, I've been to Einstein's and this location before. Overall, I find that Einstein's is kind of the McDonald's of bagels. Yes, they have a wide selection of pastries, sandwiches, coffee and plenty of other foods, but I'm not impresed overall with their stuff.  I don't think its awful, but I feel like it's become less home made tasting and more food for the masses.

This location itself isn't half bad. It's usually at least half full every time I come here. Sometimes it's clean, and sometimes, well, its not.  This morning the tables were clean, but I noticed a lot of stains in the beverage area, as if it hadn't been cleaned in a few hours. Noticeable rings and stains from cups and spills in that area, which kind of said no one was really paying attention to wiping it down.  

Other times I have noticed tables needing to be cleaned, with crumbs and stains from previous diners there. It's not aweful, but sometimes I feel like the staff here isn't in a rush to do anything, especially clean! I'm not saying this place is a dirty hole, but it doesn't always seem in tip top shape!

One time I came here last summer and their internet was down. I really needed to get online, and was desperate to connect. I asked the counter girl when their internet was going to be back up and running, and they told me sometime in the next week?

Staff is okay, not crude but not out going either. Please gets the job done, and serves its purpose.  I wish they would step up their food and service game and try a little harder!
Made my order wrong and I failed to check it before I left. Went back the next day for a replacement and they got that wrong too. Fortunately I had checked before I left!
Fast service, clean inside and out, friendly staff, good food. Very comfy tables inside and courtyard with lots of tables. Coffee is FANTASTIC as always!
Coffee was 4 hours old and only had enough for half a cup. Waited twenty minutes for someone to actually start replacing it. They have no idea what they're doing.
Don't recommend this place at all. We came in and ordered an everything bagel egg sandwich. We had it to go and decided to sit down. The sandwich looked like it was flattened and not really edible. Asked the gentleman to make another. After talking  to the manager he told us they took the bagels out too early so they all look smashed. I asked them to switch it to a garlic bagel, since mine was garlic and it looked good. He had to have another conversation with  the manager. Manager walks over. Definitely not manager material. She says, "we are remaking it." I asked if we could swap it to a garlic bagel like I asked the gentleman and before I could finish she says yes and seriously takes off running. Than they bring my wife's "new" sandwich and the eggs and bacon are cold! Worst customer service I've had at an Einsteins, usually I come here because they are tasty and the service is good. Not here, stay far away. Not worth a penny or second of your time.
Wifey was in the mood for salmon & bagel so I went back to see what, if anything, had changed since my last visit in Aug 13. I was pleased to see that the entire staff seemed to be new. I didn't recognize anyone from my prior visits. They were cordial, not overly friendly, but cordial. Order was correct and came out in an acceptable amount of time. It could be cleaner (dirty under soda machine, A/C vents in ceiling were dirty, trash almost over flowing, etc.) Overall, it is improved over my last visit & review. If the wife wants to go back again, I would be ok with it.
I was running errands today and decided I was in the mood for a lox bagel with all the trimmings.  I stopped by this location and  snagged one to go, along with an iced coffee.

The service was prompt and courteous,   I was impressed tby the ability to pour a cold coffee that didn't instantly melt my ice cubes!  The lady behind the counter even gave me a choice of to-go cups, which was a nice take on service.

My bagel was nicely constructed.  Care was taken to layer the cream cheese, capers, and tomatoes.  The lox was really plentiful, and of high quality.  

Previous reviewers have given this location low marks for service and cleanliness but I had no issues with either.

The location itself is challenged by the ongoing lightrail construction.  The store is dark-ish but ambience is not a key factor in a place that is designed for takeout or quick to-go orders.



Ultimately, this places delivers good food at reasonable prices.  Give them some love, especially during this construction period!
These guys don't seem to be able to keep staff or standards consistently. When we walked in, the young lady behind the counter just looked at us and didn't say a word. She just continued shuffling bagels from one spot in the display case to another. After a couple of minutes, the only young man there, finished texting on his cell phone and came over to ask what we wanted. The food was not bad, just average for any Einstein location and our order was correct. The restaurant itself was in bad need of cleaning, despite there being only four customers there in addition to us. There were dirty tables, dirty floors and when I went to the restroom, I wanted to puke it was so disgusting. I think we are done here. (See Photos)
This is our local bagel supply house. They have boiled bagels and are wonderful. 

They have sandwiches, muffins, breads, fruit, coffee's etc. 

Great place, really clean, and the staff is friendly.
After just transferring to Phoenix a few days ago I found myself starving and looking for something breakfast wise.  I go to Fry's for a Tully's coffee but nothing there piqued my interest so I remembered there was a bagel place in the plaza.  
The outside wasn't anything to write home about once I went in I was greeted by two ladies who seemed actually HAPPY to serve me!  Their menu was easy to see, they have their bagel selection right out front so you can see what you'll be getting which I found nice.  I settled on a Bagel with cheese, egg and bacon.  While paying I felt bad about not having cash on hand seeing as my bill only came to $3.95, the lady reassured me it was totally fine and went about placing my order with the back.  I was hand-delivered my sandwich in under 10 minutes with a warm smile and "have a great day".

The sandwich was great, the service was awesome, the place was clean and comfortable.  I will be going back when in the area for sure!
We had to drop the car in at the Jeep Dealership for an oil change very early the other morning and as a result did not have time for breakfast! : (
We remembered there was a Fry's Store nearby so drove in that direction  but when we pulled into the mall area we stumbled across Bagel Gourmet. I am so glad we did, the bagels are fresh, moist, lots of flavors to choose from and very tasty. You can get them toasted and with different toppings. We chose the cream cheese which was very good. Can recommend the apple and cinnamon bagel as well as the cinnamon and raison bagel. The coffee is also very good unlike the car dealership's coffee!!!
Still great. I forget how good they are and wonder why it goes so long between visits. 

Service was slow and forgetful but once you eat you forget about it.
I've been here for both a morning bagel and a lunch sandwich basket, and have yet to be disappointed.  It is close to my office so I come by at least a couple times a month.  The staff is always friendly and you feel like a regular after only dining in a few times.
Damn good stuff... hand boiled and baked. 

Service was quick and friendly. Prices seem reasonable. 

I had a Cornbeef on sesame, with swiss and 1000 island, and some homemade pasta salad....yummy
Best breakfast bagel sandwich I've ever had. Sausage, egg, and cheese on a salt bagel. The bagels are obviously boiled/baked the correct way and taste homemade. Service is friendly and fast. I'll definitely be back.
I usually get a salt, cheese or veggie bagel, all of them are great and under a $1, if you just want it plain.
I love their flavored coffee. I don't have to put a ton of milk in it, I can actually drink it black...I save the calories for the bagel. 
The service is always fast and friendly. Stop in, I can't imagine you'll be disappointed.
AMAZING! Best bagels for a low price! Great for breakfast, kinda odd that its aasin food place by the afternoon.
I've been here a few times and think the bagels are very good but I'm not a huge fan of the coffee and their sandwiches.

I suggest you pick up some everything bagels. So good. 

Employees are super friendly and recognize the regulars without issue.

Prices are great, you really can't beat 'em. You won't find another bagel place around here at these prices.
I have become a regular here recently. I have not met cooler business owners, especially ones who will go out of their way for customers. If that wasn't enough, the food is great! Water boiled bagels and amazing variations. Plus, this is the only place I can get vegetarian kimchi in a huge jar and/or on my bagel. Enjoy.
I've never experienced anything but pleasant helpful staff any time I've been here. Years ago I dropped by on my way to work for a bagel & drink, they were fast and good then. Today I have them deliver to my home and they were fresh, good and they've changed up the spreads to even better. There is actual veggies in the garden vegetable spread. I do prefer the previous way of doing spinach and cheese bagels but this one is excellent as well. I also ordered a sandwich, that didn't come out right but Linda was very helpful and easy to deal with in regards to a replacement order.
So unpretentious is this little gem that I didn't even know it was here. Totally worth a trip to grab an omelet on a bagel, a specialty coffee, or an italian soda. They also serve some Asian cuisine!
I stopped by for lunch today with my 2 year old and was met by a very sweet, friendly couple who run the shop. The food was excellent, reasonably priced and quickly served. There were so many lunch options and I was especially impressed with how clean the shop was! As a mom I didn't have to worry about whether or not the tables and high chair were clean enough...this place was absolutely spotless!

What won me over completely was the customer service. They helped me set up the high chair since my hands were full and then visited with us a little while longer. My little boy, who is extremely shy, was grinning from ear to ear and laughing at the owner playing peekaboo with him from behind the counter.  I loved that they weren't too busy to show an active interest in even the littlest of their patrons.

All that to say, I will be going back soon and I will be letting all my friends know about this little gem of an establishment.
Good food... opinion finely dice your Jalepenos in your cream cheese, slices of them yuk! It wasnt spicy either... add some of the seeds.
Great bagels! Not the best atmosphere but good coffee and bagels. Fair prices, friendly staff... I will definitely go there more often.
This place isn't far from my house so when we are craving something quick and easy for breakfast we stop at Bagel Gormet. In fact we went there as late as last week although throughout the years we have been there many times. They have a wide selection of bagels that are awesome. They specialize in Old World Water Boiled Bagels (makes all the difference) . 

We normally get the Denver Breakfast Bagel (Egg, Ham, Cheese, Bell Pepper, Onion). The first time my wife & I tried their bagels we both were flabbergasted. Right away we thought this is what a bagel should taste like. Their bagels are fresh, tasty ,chewy, doughy and so delicious.   

In summary, when you go to Bagel Gormet, you can expect fresh  bagels with a nice variety of spreads. Plus they serve great Sandwiches, salades and deserts.

CUSTOMER SERVICE:  The service was extremely fast (as fast as it can be done) and everyone was very friendly. The people who work here are nice and down to earth FOOD: Delectable  ....sooo delicious. Bagels are soft, flavorful and delicious  AMBIENCE: The inside is comfy and quaint . Comfortable feel a good place for to grt a quick bite or cup of coffee casual conversation. CONCLUSION: I would recommend this place to anyone!!!   Delicious bagels!!!  So check them out!!
I really like their bagels. Their bagels remind of Panera's. (East coast)
Great bagel. They even have salted bagels which are hard to find. Yum! I want to go back to try some of their sandwich options. The staff is very friendly and helpful as well.
I love this place!  Their bagels are incredibly yummy, and fresh. My friend, who was born and raised in NY, told me that these are the best bagels she's had since leaving there.  I often buy a dozen to take home, and freeze them. When I want one, I toast them and they're just as good.
Been coming here for years! I love it, and they will make anything to order. Great service, free wifi, fresh food and ingredients! Have I said I loved this place??!! The place is family owned and operated, they know my name and my order before I'm completely in the door! Try the hot pastrami if you are in the area for lunch. Sooo gooood.
Great Bagels and Bagelettes! Their Bagel Omelette sandwiches are fantastic and I have to get one every time!

I believe it was a recent item, a country-style breakfast burrito. Eggs with Sausage and Gravy. Thats what it is supposed to be but what I ended up getting was a log of cooked egg (it was good well, I'll say that) and flavorless sausage gravy drizzled over the log.  By log, I mean when I unraveled the tortilla to see what I had gotten, it was a single cylindrical brick of cooked egg. Without trying to come off as rude I have to admit it was kinda gross. I was so disappointed because thats one of my favorite styled breakfast burritos. 

I would love to come back and try another one but this was not a country breakfast burrito. I'll stick to the standard menu for now but definitely come and try this great place! Their coffee options are great and it always gives me that small diner feeling when I drink it. 

The atmosphere is okay, nothing terribly special, but it doesn't seem to have a strict theme so its hard to say.
Tastes like just bread. Wasn't good at all.
After reading the other reviews on this place, I have to say I was disappointed in the bagel. 

I was craving the classic: plain bagel toasted with plain cream cheese. The bagel itself was the big disappointment. As one reviewer pointed out, it tasted like bread. It didn't have that chewy inside and crisp outside that sets apart a really great bagel. I can't vouch for any of the bagel sandwiches, but if the basic bagel doesn't wow me, I wouldn't be hard pressed to try other offerings here.
Clean place with friendly help.  But a big disappointment with the bagels.  I avoided my favorite bagel (garlic), because they use garlic powder instead of bits of garlic.  I've never even seen that before!  Had the onion instead.  kept it un-toasted so I could really check out the bagel.  it was kind of like bread inside.  

This place is in a decent location.  And it could be doing a land office business if they would perfect the bagels.

For now, there's nothing to bring me back.
I love their bagels! The foods amazing and so are the people. Always great service.
This place is adorable, and the tables they have inside are filled almost every morning I stop in here. 

The bagels are the best I have had in the state of Arizona!

I used to frequent Kokibelli, however our office has recently moved and I needed to find a new bagel place.

It seems to be the only one in the area. 

They offer Breakfast sandwiches as well as Lunch Sandwiches..Pitas and salads as well..

The service is great!

Make sure to visit this place if you are in the area! 

It is well worth the stop!

I will be adding their menu as soon as our scanner is hooked up!
Delicious bagels!! Its a cute little place hidden away. There aren't many bagel places out here, so it was great to find this little hideaway! They have some sweet and regular bagels to try and a yummy variety of whipped cream cheese.
This is my favorite bagel place in the Valley (not just Mesa).  I'm often torn between the roasted red pepper cream cheese spread on a double toasted bagel (they even have a sign explaining the difference between single toasted, double, or triple toasting!) or the Sunrise breakfast sandwich with crispy bacon, red onion, and jalapeno cream cheese.  They open at 7:00 am on Saturday.
This place is ok I usually order the lox bagel with cream cheese and the wife gets the egg cheese sandwich  neither sand tends to have much flavor for some reason the bagels are good though the help tends to be young and or non friendly unless your a regular and with that level of service I will  defenitly will not be a regular
ok let me re review this place i think thebreakfast  bagel sandwiches i ordered yesterday were dang good the staff there the last 2 times have been more congeniel than in the past .
This place is YUMMY!
The best bagel shop I have been to ever!! They have sooo many choices of bagels, and listen to customer feedback (just added a Hawaiian bagel!! ) The staff there are very friendly and efficient! Anyone who lives around mesa must visit this cute bagel shop , you can also place an order to go. There phone number is 480 -807-5010. There prices are very reasonable as well.
I used to always get my coffee from starbucks in the morning, but i am now getting them here, they have the best iced caramel mocchiato's and are cheaper than starbucks..

They also have a punch card that you can use when you purchase anything .. 10th punch is on them!
Clean, cheap, friendly, and yummy.
The best bagel shop I have ever been to! I love their sandwiches and I love that there is always fresh iced tea brewed. YUMMY!
I am a regular at this bagel shop.  This is a family favorite for sure.  I like that they have a great selection.  The cheese bagels are the best around.  Other favorites are Apple Crunch, Cranberry, and French Toast.  
The Hot Cocoa is good and there seems to be many coming in for the coffee.  I can't speak for their sandwiches but they seem to be busy serving those as well.  
Staff is always friendly.
Bagel Nosh is a quaint little bagel shop. They have a multitude of bagels to choose from.  I had a breakfast egg bagel sandwich and half dozen bagels for coworkers. This looks like a small family owned bagel shop, which is nearest bagel shop respective to work.  The prices are quite reasonable too!
Fellow Foodies: These Bagels are the best Bagels in all the land! 
These bagels taste like the Chef King made them from scratch with his magical ingredients, and baked them fresh in his golden oven. Their warm Chocolate Chip Bagel (now who can say no to that?), and their toasted Cheese Bagels are amazingly delicious. If you get them single toasted, they are warm throughout, and barely crispy on the edges, and pull-apart super soft on the inside. *Bagel Bliss*
Oh, and they have homemade cream cheese. You will never taste cream cheese as good as this, unless you are willing to grab your apron and cheesecloth, and make it from scratch yourself. 
Everyone I have brought here, has loved it. I know you will too :)
I Really love their bagels! They are so fresh and yummy. Great breakfast sandwiches and bagels!!! I really love the Arizona one. Plus they give you an extra bagel if you order a dozen. Great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too!
Fantastic place, good food, good service, good drinks. Haven't had the coffee but the chai is exceptional. I'm not religious but I don't mind that they're a Christian business that plays not that bad of Christian music. Only thing I would change is that the decor needs an update.
I really do love this place, and I come here about once a week because the bagels are just awesome! But I always leave frustrated. As a worker who also works in food service, I understand and appreciate how much tips go a long way. EVERY SINGLE TIME I step into this place I put $1 maybe $2 in the jar, they never say thank you. I'm giving you my money willingly, the least you could do is smile at me and show some appreciation.... Again, I love the bagels, 5 stars---customer service-2 stars. Hope the owner improves their employees attitudes.
Great bagels! Love going first thing in morning.  The have some amazing breakfast sandwiches too. The help is polite and helpful.  The place is quaint and quiet and not over priced. Parking is good. But it is kinda hard to find and you need to look hard to notice it.  I love it though
Pretty good bagels.  Stopped in to get a few bagels last week and enjoyed the bagels.  Was surprised at the prices however. For a location such as this, should be much cheaper. Those were prices I'd pay at an airport.
Not very impressed at all.  Gone there twice this past week.  Should not of given them a second chance.  Got the dozen bagel deal the first time and more than half the bagels were hard, thinking that the bagels were more than day old.  The next time we went for bagel breakfast sandwiches.  Got 3 az classics.  If it weren't for being hungry and not wanting to waste the sandwiches we would of thrown them away after the first bite.  The eggs are literally mush in your mouth, thinking that they use powder eggs.  The sandwiches had a lack of flavor.  Will not being going back or recommending it to anyone.
Bugger Bagels. That's gross right? But that's what I call this Bruegger's on AZ Ave. This is going to sound super mean, but everything about this place is gross- like gag me with a spoon gross. The kitchen isn't clean, the tables are never bussed and the bagels are always a little crunchy and I can't tell you how many times I've seen the staff here handle food without gloves.

Exhale. Ok, I feel better.
i've been here on several occasions. friendly staff and fresh bagels. i went used the drive through yesterday morning and they gave me my bagel in a jiffy. fast service!!

the only thing about bagel joints is that they practically slather a pound of cream cheese on your bagel no matter if you go here or Einstein's... one bad this about this place is that every time i get a half dozen bagels i get charge a totally different prices (on 3 occasions) what's up with that? at least keep a consistent price on your bagels. ugh!!

i still love this place though... i especially love cinnamon-sugar bagel, it's got that caramelize sugar on there and when you take a bite it'll crackle. it's pure goodness.
I stopped in this morning for a bagel.  I was promplty greeted, and served, and they had a full stock of all the bagels. 

I ordered a garlic bagel because I love garlic, and the added bonus of stinking all day keeps people from getting to close to ask me stupid questions.  It was toasted perfectly, and and the creme cheese to bagel ratio was perfect.  

The bagel itself was on the small side, smaller than the ones at Einsteins.  While part of me views this as a negative, it's a much closer size to the "right" size bagel for health reasons.  The downside was that it wasn't enough to fill me up, and I ended up getting a second.

The store itself was clean, with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, and the staff was friendly, polite and professional.

The rating would be higher, except, faced with the rush hour drive to work with 2 bagels and some cherry coke in my tummy, I decided to avail myself of the ladies facility.  

This is where it all went TERRIBLY, TERRIBLY wrong.  First, they have a one room ladies, no stalls, which could lead to waits, and god help you if the woman before you is a disgusting pig.  I'm not sure, I never made it as far as the porcelain throne.  As soon as I had closed the door behind me, the smell assaulted me like the storming of the beaches of Normandy.  It smelled like they had used dirty water with a splash of bleach to clean, and that smell permeated the enter room.  My cat like reflexes that pulled my shirt up over my nose were not enough - bagels were rising, and the urge to upchuck was terrible.  I stumbled out of the room looking like a sorority girl leaving an all boys dorm at the end of hell week.  After a few minutes of heavy breathing of fresh Phoenix smog outside, I was composed enough to resolve to drive to work.
Yowza! Where to begin...first of all, we've driven past this place hundreds of times...and now we know why! Only reason we went in is because we had a coupon (they seem to hate coupons as employees). 
The service was horrendous! Totally rude and rather expensive for a bagel joint. It seems as though the only qualification to work here is the ability to come in at 5:30am. 
Egg and sausage are pre-made and are nuked for breakfast bagels.
As we were sitting in the restaurant (which was dirty), we noticed that the drive-thru wait was at least 6 minutes per person. Definitely not worth the wait. 
Needless to say, we won't be going back.
Wow. Just read review below and now I know it's not a fluke.

Here's mine.....

Saturday morning my daughter and I were interested in getting some bagels on the way home to enjoy with my wife for brunch. It was about 10AM and I was excited that we were close to this Bruegger's. I remember going here often when I lived closer but haven't been there in a while. We went in and got into line after trying to figure out where the front door was. There was a couple in front of us who asked a simple request but the manager told them that they would not do that for them. The woman explained how they could do this and the manager just didn't listen. The couple left without getting their food. 

Now it was our turn. My daughter likes cinnamon & raisin and I like cinnamon & sugar. They didn't have either, and then I noticed they didn't have many others. There was very little variety there, and I was disappointed. (Einstein's always has people making more. I didn't see anyone making anything!!!) The manager said she could have the worker wipe butter all over a plain bagel and then pure cinnamon and sugar all over it. I was a little annoyed since they only had like 5 different sorts, so I told them to make it. The worker had no idea and tried to smather butter all over my bagel and then run sugar into the cream cheese I ordered. Terrible. Really worried. 

I got my daughter a plain bagel with cream cheese and hoped it would be ok. Really boring and not what she wanted. (They had nothing near what she liked). She was excited to stop to get "doggie bagels" for our puppy, so we asked for these. The guy looked at us like we were from Mars. He said snootily that they didn't have them. I know Einstein's does. I asked if he had anything like this that my kid could feed her dog and he was nasty to us. He told us NO and took our money. Gave us our change, didn't bother to cut our bagels at all, and I was really annoyed and will not go back.

Skip this Bruegger's completely. GO TO EINSTEIN'S!!! They are nice to us, have bagels, and doggie bagels. I felt like I was in ghetto bagel join with mean people.

(Can you give half a star?)
Okay, so I'm not sure how people have not had a great experience at Brueggers! Originally I am from Michigan, and there is a Brueggers right down the street from my house. That being said, I went there a lot! Then, I moved out to Phoenix and I found that the nearest Brueggers to me is actually quite far. Thats my only complaint. Its not close enough. Everytime I go, the staff is very accomodating and super friendly. All of their bagels and cream cheese are freshly made, and they have product for sale as well. I honestly have never had a problem at Brueggers, and I am surprised that other people have!
I was driving around this morning trying to fend for food.  I was tired, barely caffinated and needed something to eat, and quick.  Its been a while since I've been inside a Brueggers, so I thought it would be different and I came here.

The place is okay. Kind of a weird setup, but it was alright.  They had a weird selection of bagels.  Im traditional with my bagels, and dont care much for some of these crazy concoctions that they have these days.  I know some folks like sundried tomato coffee organtic free range flavored bagels, but not so much for me. (no such bagel flavor, but its the eccentric part that gets me.)

Anyways, I just wanted something in the tummy.  SO, I ordered a smoked salmon flavored bagel with capers, tomatos and plain cream cheese.  On an onion bagel. (dont worry, I was dining alone, so no worries about my poor breathe afterwards. LOL.)  

But it got confusing because the girl that helped me told me to go to the register and pay, and my order would be up shortly.  I think it was because the 2 parties ahead of me, and both were ordering enough bagels to feed a small army, part of phoenix, and well, it was taking forever.  So, I went to the front of the line and paid.  I told the register girl what I had ordered, and she wasn't sure what I was talking about, so I had to point to the menu to show her what I ordered.

The bagel itself was tasty, but was a bit heavy on the cream cheese.  I forget that bagel shops put so much on, so I will have to remember to ask for less creme cheese next time I go there.  I will most likely be back, but not as often as I would like, since it was just a-okay.
I don't like bagels at all but I came here because my boyfriend made me and seriously I fell in love. These bagels are SO good you don't need cream cheese or butter or anything. But just in case you want some, they have it. I'm pretty sure their cream cheese is homemade and they offer all sorts of toppings including hummus. 

I haven't eaten lunch there but they also have a very wide variety of bagels. Their rosemary bagel is amazing! I've had nothing but good experiences here. It's strange to me that this place has such a low rating but I guess everyone has off days.

My ONLY complaint is the prices are a little steep for bagels but then again...they are amazing bagels.
Okay I previously praised this place as the god of bagel joints and although I still say they have the best bagels in Arizona...I THINK THIS IS NOTEWORTHY!

I came here early one Saturday morning with my boyfriend for some breakfast. I ordered my favorite...rosemary bagel mmmmm.

We get home and I take a bite of this golden delicacy only to discover that the inside was slightly doughy and uncooked. It was so delicious that I ate it despite this disgusting fact and paid for it the rest of the day.

Only one place can make me want to eat doughy uncooked bagels and that's Brueggers but uh yeah seriously cook your stuff before serving me. I'm a huge fan don't abuse me like this again. :{
BRUEGGER'S BAGELS on Arizona Avenue and Guadalupe has got to be the best bagel shop around. I go there about 2 or 3 times a week. The bagels are far waaaay better than Einsteins. You cannot compare. I love their Western egg sandwich. Lots of goodies on that sandwich. The store is always clean and let me tell you the bathrooms are Super clean!!!! The staff are super efficient and always warm and inviting. They 
persuaded me to try lunch and I sure did. WOW the sandwiches are HUGE!!! and they come with a pickle, and a cookie. My favorites sandwich is the turkey chipotle club. OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!  For those of you who havent been or  have been in the past please go!!!  It has been under new management for a little over a year. Definately a great experience.
Ugh. How frustrating is it to have to repeat yourself several times to get them to understand what you're ordering? ...And then they still don't get it right? This has happened to me 2 of 2 trips there (and I won't be back). My advice: train some active listening skills.
Not many chains sell salt bagels anymore, so I'm very happy about that. Service has always been fine on my visits and the breakfast bagel sandwich is tasty.

LOOK OUT for the skank that is a regular there and will almost knock you down to get into the place before you. She'll then order her "regular" with her flippant attitude (blueberry bagel with butter, but "LIGHTLY toasted, just a LITTLE brown"). Then her and her nebbish husband will take the biggest table in the place and spread newspapers all over it and she will read hairstyle magazines.

OH, she'll also completely trash the drink station with her obvious inability to do anything for herself. Ugh. Makes we want to vomit even writing about her.
I have noticed that most of the reviews were not particularly about the bagels, but rather their bagel sandwiches.  I have never had one of their sandwiches in the 5 plus years I have been frequenting Bruegger's.  I instead just purchase bagels, a bakers dozen (13) at a time about 3 times a month, my favorites being onion, sesame, poppyseed and everything.  You need to know that I grew up in NYC, and at one time my father managed a bagel bakery, I KNOW good bagels!  The service is commendable, I can call a half hour ahead and they will fresh bake my bagels if they don't 13 available at the time.  I have tried most of the other bagel places and feel that Bruegger's are still the best.  On Wednesdays they give you $2 off on a dozen!!!
If Einstein Bros is the benchmark at 3 stars, then Bruegger's barely earns 2 stars.

Customer service is mediocre. Only one gal (who I've seen a few times) actually smiles, makes eye contact, and seems pleased to be working here. Everyone else acts inconvenienced that I am there.

If you order a simple bagel w/cream cheese, you will be O.K. They are not bad, but nothing special. If you order a bagel sandwich, be sure to bring a towel as they leak a lot and turn soggy after a few minutes.

Coffee is O.K., but nothing special. 

Store cleanliness? It could be better. The beverage counter (with the lids and coffee creamers etc.) is often messy and sticky. 

I noticed that there is a duplicate entry for this location, so I'm pasting this review on the other as well.
I had a breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese & bacon) on an everything bagel. Very good sandwich, but was a pricey for what it was. 

Also the store has a weird vibe. It's clean, but every time in by there it's pretty empty. Maybe it's just busy first thing in the morning? It basically just gave me that "this store will be closing for good soon."

But the bagels are excellent, so I'll go again, but I'll take it to go.
I stopped in for a toasted everything bagel with schmear.
I was given a toasted everything bagel with schmear.

Was it the best bagel I've ever had.  No
Was it good, yeah.

The staff was nice, the place was clean, my bagel was quick.  My life is not for ever changed, but it worked just fine for the quick breakfast I was looking for.
This is round the corner from my apartment as I'm visiting from the UK and the bagels are great and the service seems pretty good
I only went to this place because it was part of a Groupon deal and after reading reviews I thought "everyone has their own experiences I'll give this a chance." If I did not have the $7.00 for $15.00 worth I would have been EXTREMELY disappointed and felt I might as well thrown the 15.00 out the window for someone to find.


The bagels were very salty tasting and hard. The service was extremely slow at 10:00am. When asked for "no tomatoes" they were included. Overall, you might as well save your money and go to Einstein's for their breakfast bagels, or to Dunkin' Doughnuts. I would not go back there again.
I'm from NY. I'm a snob  when it comes to bagels, cheesecake and pizza. Thats not to say all pizza, cheesecake and bagels are good in NY. There are places there that suck., I'm still looking for cheesecake. Brueggers is excellent. Ask which ones are just out of the oven and get them whatever kind they are. O I found good pizza a Famous Ray's but ONLY the one on 7th and whatever Frank Lloyd Wright becomes on the west side
I went to Bruegger's on my lunch break to try something new. 

I got a Herby Turkey on an everything bagel.  

They let you get the bagels "skinny" style, where they cut out the middle of the bagel so it isn't so thick.  It wasn't bad necessarily, but for $6, I expected more.  

I've been there for coffee in the morning as well and I was not a fan.

Overall pretty decent food, even if it is overpriced.
I recently moved to the area and have been on the hunt for a good bagel shop/bakery. I have been here twice now and haven't been impressed either time. The first time I went inside, which was nice. I ordered the cinnamon bagel with honey walnut cream cheese. I must say, that cream cheese is divine!! The blueberry muffin was a joke...really greasy and not tasty. I came here again for breakfast and went to the drive thru, which was really fast and efficient. I just kept it simple with a plain bagel and plain cream cheese and didn't have any complaints. All in all, this place is OK but nothing special. I really wish they had more bakery items to choose from since their restaurant has the word "bakery" in it.
Eh. Eating a sausage, egg and cheese on an asiago bagel right now and I'm so unimpressed, I'm taking time from eating to write this. It tastes like fast food. Not at all what we expected. Got the 2nd star for the staff that was very friendly and efficient. Certainly not worth over $8 for two sausage, egg and cheeses.
I had always wondered this place, as it is relatively close to where I live. And after once visit, I think I'm going to keep on coming here. 

As it was my first time, I didn't really know how to order, what to get, and what they had to offer. The staff kindly explained what kind of sandwiches and bagels they had. And the atmosphere was very casual, in a good way. 

My sandwich was delicious, and they made me a pretty dang good latte. I'll definitely be coming back.
I love this place. Bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches. I've been going here for over a year now and will keep going.
OK, so maybe I haven't tried everything on the menu which includes soups, salads, sandwiches, etc. But their bagels are amazing.  They are baked fresh daily and have the back east taste that not many competitors can match.  The bagels are soft, chewy, and dense throughout, unlike grocery store bagels and bagged bagels that are usually full of air and have no density.  Brueggers Bagels are fantastic, they hands down beat an Einstein's Bagel, and I will not buy bagels from anywhere else!
OK...so there were some things I left out of my first review. Mostly because I didn't want to portray myself as the obnoxious loud mouth that I am. 

The first time I came here I noticed they had a sign on the door that said "We're open on Thanksgiving". I marched up the counter and told the guy "Open on Thanksgiving? What a bunch of bullshit. People can go one day without their precious bagels." 

Soooo wouldn't you know it....Thanksgiving rolls around and guess who just has to have a salt bagel? That's right - the woman who announced how despicable it was that a bagel shop would be open for 4 hours on this most sacred of feeding frenzy days. I hung my head in shame and walked in a few minutes before they closed. Of course, the guy mopping the floor was the same one I'd told only days before how I'd never go into a business on Thanksgiving. I avoided eye contact and ordered my bagels. They only had 2 salt left, so I got a couple of jalapeno and asiago cheese. The gentleman at the counter who I'm assuming was Hector (of Hector's Bagel Nosh) was awesome and gave me a couple extra asiago bagels so I ended up walking out with 9 bagels instead of 6! Now THAT is something to be thankful for!!! 

Of course the bagel quality was amazing and we noshed on them until we weren't even hungry for turkey. Seriously, I'll take Hector's Bagel Nosh Bagels over stuffing and mashed potatoes any day of the year.
A few weeks ago I was in the Phoenix area and found Bagel Nosh on Yelp.  Their bagels are chewy on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside-just how you want a bagel.  They have bagels ready to go, as well as an assortment of bagel sandwiches.  The person who helped me was very nice and put together my bagel quickly and it tasted great.  The only possible downside was the coffee was a little cold, but then again I came after the breakfast rush.  Try the Bagel Nosh and I don't think you will be disappointed.
i've been wanting to check this place out for some time now especially since i always see some of the ladies at work ordering lunch from this place. on mondays they have this sweet daily special with their lunch sandwiches....you get a free fountain drink and a side included with your sandwich. awesome. i was a bit overwhelmed by the menu when i first walked in. being the only one there i was feeling the pressure to quickly order something. i went with the turkey avocado club on a wheat bagel...can't go wrong with avocados or anything with bacon. =P definitely a good choice. had the pasta salad side which was tasty for the most part and i decided to try the passion fruit ice tea which was alright. super yummy food. i really hope i don't start getting cravings for this place.
Like watching a train wreck in slow motion will definitely be going somewhere else for bagels from now on disappointing have been going there for years.  The eight day old cream cheese was a nice touch (yuck!)
This place used to be good when Hector owned and operated it.  At that time they also had competent staff.  It has recently with the past few years turned over many many times.  It seems to get worse each time I give it another try.  Their bagels are pretty good when they have them but often the service experience and the lack of inventory makes you want to jump through the glass window.  By the time my church lets out on Sunday they are usually down to the weird bagels and no sesame or poppy.  If there are more than two people in front of you when ordering, just run like hell.
I was drawn to this place because of the photos they have on their windows of their bagel sandwiches.  I finally found the time to stop by for breakfast and wasn't disappointed.  The lady working the counter was super sweet and patient with me while I debated a nova lox or egg, ham and cheese... the latter won.  I wasn't disappointed.  The sandwich was moist and delish... a lot better than Einstiens.
5 stars for an Arizona bagel. 3.5 for NYC.
The best bagel shop I have been too. Cream cheese is the best you will ever try, and their bagels are delicious with many flavors to choose from . I love the breakfast and lunch sandwiches! Their coffee is also better than Starbucks and cheaper too :-) If you are in the area i would recommend trying them out. Everyone is very friendly with a big smile on their faces .
It is a bad sign when you walk into a place and instantly have an uncontrollable desire to clean something...anything...
It would behoove them to maybe wipe a few things down, or brew their tea fresh in the morning, or possibly even bake their goods before opening, instead of the day before.
I am surprised at some of the low reviews for this place. Since moving to Gilbert, I rave about Bagel Nosh :) It is probably the best place for bagels and the service is fantastic! Recently, I took my boyfriend there and he quickly understood why this is my new addiction. The staff is friendly and the Honey Walnut on French Toast- to DIE for!! Love this place!
I love this place and the service is always first rate and I invariably throw a buck into the tip jar. But I confess that I was put off this morning by their new tablet payment system that confronts you with whether or not to tip before you can sign for your purchase. 

I have absolutely no problem with tipping for table service, but when I go directly to the counter and buy something to go, the idea of being hit up with tip suggestions is disconcerting to me. 

Maybe this will be happening soon at gas stations and Home Depot, but I hope not.
It was Sat morning and I was with my friend and we were headed to the dog park and said hey lets grab a bite to eat, so we stopped at Bagel Nosh. I love bagels, so why not!

This was my 1st time at a bagel nosh and I have to say, what a nice selection of bagels they have to offer. I picked out a jalapeno & cheese bagel that was still warm from the oven and jalapeno cream cheese. Like I said the bagel was still warm and the cream cheese really surprised me, they have whole slices of jalapenos in the cream cheese, that right there was the bomb!  Delish I tell you!  Fresh bagels & great cream cheese perfectly paired together!
What a great find. I haven't found many breakfast joints that give off the "mom and pop" "been here forever" vibe that you find in other big cities. Bagel Nosh fills that void. Meal was fresh and affordable. The lox and cream cheese bagel I order was much better than the one I had for twice the price at a reputable/hip restaurant the week before. Well worth it.
Is the best bagel place I've been to? No. I came here for a "to go" breakfast with my man. As we were waiting for our food, he whispered to me "this place is filthy". The vent above the bagel rack was so dusty! The counters, floors and tables looked like they hadn't been wiped down either. We had already paid so we just decided to get our food and go. The guy who helped us was very sweet but incredibly slow. We spent almost 20 minutes waiting for 2 bagel sandwiches and a chocolate chip muffin. The bagel sandwiches tasted good (I tried a tomato basil bagel) and liked it. I also thought the variety in bagels was nice. The muffin wasn't my favorite but was edible. Prices were reasonable but nothing great. Just like my review says, A-OK.
I'm not a bagel expert but I am from New York and know bagels. I used to love this place when Hector owned it. Then, another owner had it, and now I am unsure who owns it but the bagels have gotten very sad.

Formerly chewy and remarkable, they have deteriorated to grocery store quality that doesn't satisfy. They are so swollen and breadlike, often there are no holes. I had the last dozen presliced and each one has a 1/4 inch bottom and large top that now won't fit in my wide slot toaster.

Goodbye Bagelnosh. Whimper.
Best bagels in town. The texture of the bagels is perfect, they are dense and not a chewy as other bagels. I also like that fact that they make the cream cheese there as well. My favorite is the Honey walnut. You will not be disappointed.
I am from Philadelphia and finding a quality bagel here in Arizona is impossible! We came across Bagel Nosh one morning and decided to give it a shot.  We were beyond pleased with the taste and quality of the bagels!  It really reminded me so much of what we had available back east.  This place is awesome!
I had the owner take my order today. He's very nice and helped me decide on my sandwich. He was making jokes- very personable. I got the Ruben pastrami.. YUM!!! So good!!  I like local own businesses and recommend this for breakfast and lunch :)
Came here with my parents while they were in town. Had driven past this place countless times in my neighborhood but never stopped in. Everything was ok. Nothing less and nothing more. Obviously family owned, which can be good and it can be bad. I had a toasted onion w/light cream cheese and it did the job. Better than the mcdonalds it's next to!...
The price for a single bagel is .92 cents, add tax and its a buck.  If you buy six bagels they charge you $6.54.  That's $1.00 each plus tax.  I explained this to the clerk who kept saying, "that's just what the button charges..."  Are you serious?  I asked for the difference back and she refused saying again, that it's just what the button charges.  

Either list the increased half dozen price so that I have a chance to agree to the price or fix the button.  I'm forced to dispute the charge.
I typically only leave reviews if my experience is positive.  Had to make an exception here. Went to this spot on the weekend and the bagels were awful.  The two varieties i got tasted the same, like they been frozen at some point. I ordered an asiago bagel with egg and cheese.  The egg was pre made and reheated in the microwave with the cheese on top. When I got home to eat my much anticipated breakfast, I was immediately disappoited. Even the regular bagel with cream cheese was a let down. The cream cheese tasted sour.  I had a stomach ache all day. I'm very disappointed in the quality of the food served here. Won't be returning, unfortunately.
Bagel alone, this place is a solid 4 stars. Entire experience not so much. Girl behind the counter put gloves on but then touched her hair, her face, scratched her ear, pulled up her pants... Then she realized that I was staring at her and changed her gloves. During that 45 seconds she asked me three times if I wanted the bagel toasted. The place could definitely use a good cleaning. Windows are foggy looking with streaks and dirt, dust behind the fridge area is very obviously not a concern, menu board looks neglected. If I wasn't such a sucker for bagels I would probably drive else where to get breakfast on my way to work. Too bad there isn't any where else to get a bagel between my house and work :/
I walked out of Bagel Nosh today and told the cashier that I wouldn't be back. 

Every time I have been in there (about 10 times over the last three months), there has been an issue. 

Employees and the owner "hide" in the back and although they advertise "free Wi-Fi," you have to find someone to ask to turn it on--and the signal is almost non-existent. I'm not able to work there on my laptop.

The dcor is dated and unattractive, things are missing from the walls or broken and the windows are always dirty. 

I never see employees wiping down tables or cleaning up the condiment/beverage area (which gets messy from splatters and such). There are new employees every time I go in and the last straw was today when I was informed that my punch card was only valid for sandwiches. This was after six+ punches for bagels--and bagels are pictured on the card! The sweet (newly hired of course) cashier said that the owner was "yelling at her" for punching the card for bagels. I ripped up my punch card, wished her luck in her new job and left. I will never go back.
Bagel nosh is our favorite local bagel place. The service is generally very good. The bagels are very good, my wife loves the French toast bagel and we have not seen these anywhere else. The jalapeno cream cheese is one of my favorites. Yes it's small, but never too crowded like some mainstream bagel places become. The decor could use a lot of updating, but if you can see past that then you will truly enjoy your breakfast or lunch. Prices are low, a plus as well.
I give them five stars especially because the counter girl Rachel remembers my sandwich every time I come in and it's  reasonably priced and unlike Einstein's  bagels this place will make your sandwich exactly how you want it. "to order". Love it
Amazing service and good bagels! Had a breakfast bagel and got a cinnamon bun. The cinnamon bun wasn't very sweet and the sausage was a bit strange but overall decent. I will definitely be back for a bagel sandwich and a smoothie!
Support your local business, 'zonies! Fast, friendly service, reasonable prices. A baker's dozen bagels and two tubs of fresh cream cheese for $15.00 - try paying that at the Mensa bagels chain! The variety of flavors / choices is excellent: try the Hawaiian, the 'everything' with cheese, and the French Toast bagels - you won't be disappointed. Arrive early on a weekend morning for fresh, hot bagels served with a smile.
I visited this place 2 years ago and never wanted to come back. Just recently I stopped by and noticed the owners changed. They are so polite and the bagels are great for the price! I went back for the 2nd time today and they've re-did the inside there is much more room. I had a bagel sandwich and an ice mocha coffee that is easily comparable to Dutch Brothers but half the price. If you haven't been to Bagel Nosh in a while I recommend trying them again!
On our way to an A's game at Phoenix Municipal Stadium, we were on a hunt for breakfast. Our pre-yelped stops were way off the beaten path and we wanted to get to the stadium somewhat early. We found this place in the shopping plaza somewhat nearby. We were quite suprised to find that the place was packed!!! With a line! and a great smelling bagel smell filling the room. We were quite happy to find that there were bagel sandwiches with eggs and there were even wraps. We both ordered bagel sandwiches with turkey sausage and egg and cheese. We opted for different bagels. The bagels were warm soft and fresh. SOOOO YUMMY!!! I would highly recommend. The prices are a bit up there if you are looking for just a quickie breakfast, but way better than fast food. 

Check it out.
When in the mood for bagels I go to Einstein's with my several year old yellow Einstein Brothers stainless coffee mug.  I pick up an AZ Republic and order a toasted good grains bagel with garden veggie.  I usually have the bagel in a basket by the time I get to check out or at worst when I am filling the coffee mug.  The coffee is mellower than my usual Starbucks but compliments the bagel.  Einstein's draws both the young and mature and I enjoy the ability to read the paper at my leisure either inside or outside in the morning shade.
This Einstein's has been here for years and it's always reliably good bagels, bagel sandwiches, decent service, and darn good coffee.  I like some of their new menu additions in recent years such as the spinach frittata.
Avoid this einstein's at all cost. I have been laying in bed puking for over 12 hours because I ate at this garbage dump. The reason I know it was them? My girl is laying next to me puking as well. And the only place we both ate together less than 24 hours ago was there.

The incompetent staff that happens to grace this poorly operating business cannot tell the difference between a large drink and a medium and take over 10 minutes to make two identical sandwiches.

After we got home and ate them, fast forward 6 hours and we are both puking our brains out.

The most common reason for this to happen is when an employee does not wash their hands after getting feces on them. Then they touch my food and I get sick. Based on the staff that day, it does not surprise me one bit.

I would recommend starving over going here. Never again. Now I will go speak to Ralph on the big white telephone some more.
Great bagels....and super yummy coffee.

The men's bathroom is horrible however and needs to be redone.  Seen better bathrooms in freeway rest stops.
My room mate and I go in frequently to grab coffee and a bite.  They have some great flavored coffees at their coffee bar....(my roomie even thinks they're better than Starbucks!)...and cheaper!  The food is pretty good too...not the best..but pretty good.  They have tables outside that make for good places to sit and read when it is nice out.....
I'm always impressed with the staff here. There could be five people or 30 people in line and they just move it along. Nice!

I like the bagel sandwiches... both breakfast and lunch. But really, the garden veggie cream cheese is the BEST!!! Love the fresh bagels :)
Einstein's is one of the only decent-ish places to get a bagel here...although they really aren't quite bagels (having enjoyed many a NY bagel in my day).

This particular location is so hit or miss. Sometimes, like this morning, they are on top of it, friendly, and provide great service. Other times, I've been served the wrong item, had untoasted bagels, half servings of cream cheese, and ridiculous lines.

I think 2.49 is a little high for a bagel and schmear, but luckily, they have plenty of coupons to make it worth while.  Will I come back? Yes, but only because there aren't really a lot of other options in my neighborhood.
Einstein's really defines mediocrity. At best, it's just ok, on average, you will probably regret your trip.

For starters, this location is not set up very efficiently. For some reason, you walk in, then have to hang a hard right- navigate around people sitting down- then arrive at the counter. 

Jumping forward, the bagels are really, really boring. They're not terrible, they won't make you sick, but they're just so uninspired. Scottsdale has a handful of good, locally owned bagel stores where you can get a better bagel, at a much better price. After eating a bagel from there, I always kinda shake my head and ask myself why I don't just drive north a bit to a better bagel? Damn my laziness. 

I have a feeling that the same people that love Einstein's are the same people who think Applebees is amazing, and Walmart is a great place to shop. It's not their fault really, but sad nonetheless.
This review ultimately means nothing since Einstein's has a million locations and probably makes like a buyillion dollars, but I have to say it, because I don't understand why...I find both their bagels & their cream cheese way too "fluffy"! Both feel like they have been overly injected with air, I could eat like 20 of them and still be starving, a bowl of rice crispies gives me more satisfaction.
The customers tend to stare like they have never seen a hungover girl covered in tattoos who just wants a toasted bagel to make her feel better.
Other than that, its always yummy. I would ask for light cream cheese tho, otherwise they put a layer like 6 inches thick on there.
I have just a few issues with this place. There is usually a line in the morning because they have one person taking orders. They also run out of popular bagels on weekends and you may have to wait , which at least means they are hot and fresh. Inside is very spacious with plenty of seating as well as tables outside. Parking can be stressful at times since it is located in a busy shopping center.They have a variety of signature and gourmet bagels as well as sandwiches. I will continue to choose them for my bagel needs until I find a better option.
I love Einstein's! This location isn't my favorite but I'm biased toward loving the location I used to go to as a child. The staff at this Scottsdale location is very nice and helpful, at times I notice they get flustered (usually during the peak hours) and sometimes forgetful. But all in all they are super friendly so I guess in some cases it makes up for their rare mistakes they make. Just be sure to check your order if you come here during a rush. 

The location itself is easy to find but this parking lot is a disaster and always is, so be warned about the parking situation (park to the left of the building for a non crowded lot)  

My usual is an everything bagel toasted with plain cream cheese. Possibly double toasted if I'm in a picky mood. 

They also have awesome breakfast and lunch sandwiches and an awesome coffee selection. "Darn good coffee!" 

I'll be back for the delicious fresh bagels that are made daily the friendly staff and dirty chi latte! Yum!
This location is awful! HORRIBLE customer service. Not one employee smiled at us or greeted us. After we already ordered they told us that they were out of the pumpkin shmear, (which is the only reason we went) and we told them that we would like a refund and we will go to a different location. They rudely gave us a refund and while we were walking out told us that the pumpkin season was over and would not find it anywhere else. Why would they not inform us of this before we ordered and before our refund. Not to mention that advertisement of the pumpkin items are located all over their store. Because of their extremely poor customer service, we will never be returning to this location, and I suggest you save yourself from a bad mood and find a different location as well.
Chelsea, the store manager, has exceptional customer service skills. She made me feel very comfortable and welcome in the store. She greets and says goodbye to all the customers in the friendliest manner. I have never experienced such great service Thank you Chelsea!
Einstein's and I have a usual love affair. This being said, I was extremely dissapointed in this location. 

The entrance is awkward and they are usually understaffed. I love their bagels and their fresh squeezed OJ......"Fresh Squeezed OJ"---- is usually from concentrate at this store. Being an Einstein fanatic, I can tell. At first sip. That this was a frozen juice concentrate. Other Einstein's have a tangy, sweet OJ. 

And the shmear:

 Eisntein's is usually known for globbing ooey gooey, delicious and ridiculous amounts of shmear on their bagels. This Einstein's seems to scrape the bottom of the barrrel to get enough to cover your bagel. 

So sad as this is really close to my work but it looks like I'll have to continue to go to Shea or Desert Ridge for my Blueberry Bagel, toasted, with Strawberry Cream Cheese.
I've been to a number of Einstein's Bagels, but this one really stands out above the rest. 

Excellent customer service! A staff member named Chelsea welcomed every single customer in the store and seemed genuinely happy to see them. When she wasn't busy behind the counter taking breakfast orders, she was switching out the freshly brewed coffee, wiping down tables, and asking guests how their meal was. 

I ordered a breakfast sandwich and medium coffee - both were delicious and quickly prepared. The coffee bar was clean, well stocked, and the coffee carafes were full which I appreciated. The egg whites, mushrooms, asparagus, and Swiss cheese where delicious on a toasted garlic bagel. 

This location has a great neighborhood feel - a few customers greeted one another while enjoying their breakfast and Chelsea even knew several regular customers by name! Such a welcoming and friendly vibe here. I usually frequent the Tempe location which is heavily populated with students with laptops and iPods who mostly avoid eye contact, so it was refreshing when an older gentleman said good morning to me when he sat down at the next table.  

Come here to enjoy a tasty breakfast in a relaxing and welcoming environment.
Probably the standard for bagels in the valley... Meaning if someone in your office "brought bagels" they probably came from Einstein.  Ok when toasted and topped with something, bland and too bread like for me when eaten alone. This location seems to get new management every couple of weeks, and the latest iteration seems to have things dialed in... The woman in front of me order about ten things, and then I ordered my single bagel. Oh great, here's a good fifteen minute wait I thought (Einstein runs a strict assembly line system usually, so orders are preped in order, regardless of the inefficiency this can bring). However this time, the staff banged out the massive order very quickly, before I had even gotten my coffee. While this situation was acceptable, too often I've waited for 15 minutes for a non-toasted bagel in the same situation. I realize typical bagel slingers aren't rocket scientists or efficiency experts, but the management should correct this glaring inefficiency. Being fast is about all this place is good for really.
Same as any other Einstein Bros, it gets crowded some times with students. In general an ok place to grab some breakfast or a quick lunch. The bad part... no WIFI.
Einstein Bros at Rural and University has been so generous with the nonprofit organization I work. They've donated snacks for our volunteers for years, and each time they are so easy to work with and provide more than enough to keep our volunteers happy. 

When I stop in as a customer, the staff is consistently friendly and the food is consistently fresh and good. Mmm, I'm going to have to go get a pumpkin bagel with pumpkin schmear now...
If you're looking for quick and cheap breakfast, this is your place. Tons of bagel options with an ever expanding menu and some really good breakfast sandwiches. You can be in and out within five minutes with a fresh orange juice and a toasted bagel. I've been coming here for quite a few years now and don't see that changing.
I usually enjoyed their bagels and now they even have wifi, but the btl avocado thin bagel...LAME, you seriously don't have wheat thin bagels?
Friendly staff and good service. May have been the dudes first day- he wasn't very quick, but still got the job done.
Einstein's is very dependable in that their food is always good, fresh, and well, delicious. 

The only problem I ever have w/ this location is the crowd (when schools in).
I love FRESH bagels and Einstein has a great selection! This is my go-to place if I'm in a rush and just need a bagel and coffee to-GO. They also have bagel sandwiches and even pre-packed salads. 

My favorite is their Honey Wheat Thin bagel and the Cranberry Bagel. 

Service is fast. You place your order at the first counter and pay at the second counter.
While staying in Tempe I'll periodically drop by here for a bite to eat.  The place is always clean. The staff is here is always enthusiastic, friendly and just makes you feel like a welcomed friend.  Food and drinks are great and it's always refreshing top stop here.
Woke up with a hankering for coffee and a bagel. Decided I'd try out this place because it had some good reviews. I was a little worried once I walked in and found a crowd, but the people working there are Pros and I was out of there in five minutes. The bagels were very good and I'm in love with their Christmas blend coffee. Much better than Starbucks
One if my fav breakfast place;) the service is good, love the selection of coffee;) must have the bagel melt, u will live it!!!!
I love bagels and I love their fresh dliscious bagels. I have never had a six cheese bagel like the one from here. Always my stop for breakfast in the morning on my way to work. Love it!
The menu is really good for a chain restaurant. The bagels are fresh, the choices of sandwiches is very good and the coffee is the best in town. If you bring your own travel mug, it's only a buck. Staff is friendly however sometimes they get confused about menu items and that leads to mistakes.
Locations everywhere.  This location happens to have a very efficient and friendly staff.  They have made improvements in having enough staff to handles big lines in the morning.  Bagels are fresh.  Nice combination of service and food.
Was craving a lox bagel and this cured the craving. Everything bagel with plain cream cheese with lox, it was good. Not great or anything. Just good. Service was fast and friendly.
I went here on the way to the airport for Thanksgiving.  The guy in front of me was having a conversation with the cashier ringing up the orders (very inconvenient), so I voiced my concern and demanded their sense of urgency.  Had they not responded to it, I would've given them 2 or 3 stars.  The fact that they went right ahead and helped their customers is pretty awesome.  It's hard to ditch a regular who is trying to schmooze with the employees, and they are very friendly people who work at Einstein.

I get the Nova Lox Everything bagel--it's lox, cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, capers (you can easily take them off haha) on an everything bagel.  Yum.  It's too bad it's like SEVEN BUCKS!  But, it's worth it!
What is the most you would pay for a bagel? There has to be a glass ceiling for this item. I thought this piece of dough that costs about 20 cents per bagel to produce could not possibly soar over the dollar mark. Well, at Einsteins it is now $1.15 for a regular bagel and then they have prices for specialty bagels ($1.25 ...and how the hell did a sesame bagel become specialty?). Then, there is a third category of bagels for cinnamon and green chile and wackier stuff that are about $1.50 a shot. They also each have their own price with cream cheese or butter. This is freakin absurd... what is going on with corporations and bagels in general these days?. Oh and the bagels are just pretty average to boot. These greedy bastards should be ashamed of how they treat the poor bagel, which used to be a poor man's food back in the first great depression.
The turkey sausage and egg sandwich I had was pretty bland. It's a chain though so you kind of expect it. The eggs looked like rubber. I wouldn't try to go here, but the staff is nice so if you have to no big deal.
As an on-the-way hangover breakfast spot, it does the job. But if you are searching for a quality breakfast place, I would suggest exploring other options. The service was friendly. When I got my bagel the cheese wasn't melted, and on a toasted bagel sandwich that is a must, is it not? I asked them to melt the cheese and they were happy to complete my request. The egg was questionable, but otherwise I was satisfied.
I like their bagel sandwich, both tasty and healthy!
I tried the NEW honey smoked salmon, much better than Nova Lox I think
Great place for a smaller breakfast, and pretty great coffee as well.
This place is my spot. Drip coffee that is the best in town, go with the bold European blend or the Vanilla blend. Love those egg bagel sandwiches, the turkey sausage or the spinach mushroom swiss are the best in my opinion. The service is quick, and the staff is extremely friendly. They even know me by name in there. I do love this place.
I go here for breakfast and i usually end up with a sandwich.  All sandwiches here are great and filling with the side.  Breads are freshly baked right there.  I have had breakfast here and the bagel egg sandwiches are pretty darn good.  Can be kinda cramped inside with a full house on weekends but the service is so quick I'm usually on the road before someones rug rat starts bumping into me.
I stopped in here yesterday for a quick bite to eat.  I was surprised at how many people were here on a Thursday morning!  Quite a line.

I got a bagel with cream cheese, and it was yummy.  I had a very positive experience here considering it was Einsteins!
I'll be honest. Einstein Bros Bagels in Tempe is my typical go-to breakfast spot. I can walk there, it's always full of friendly faces, and it usually produces pretty great, affordable bagels and coffee. What's not to like!? Last week I stopped by for a last minute bagel on my way to work and was extremely disappointed by the service I experienced. I ordered my usual egg white and cheddar sandwich on an "everything" bagel to go. I paid, took a seat, and waited while my order was completed on a busy Friday morning. I watched the bagel-guru slice my bagel, stick it through the toaster, and promptly drop it on the ground. After some swearing under her breath I sat back and patiently continued to wait...I wasn't in a huge hurry. She put a new bagel in the toaster and I watched as after 10 seconds or so...it ignited in flames! I saw her whack it a few times to put the fire out, and saw her put in a new bagel. 

Unfortunately when I got to work and unwrapped my long-awaited breakfast, I discovered that the bagel-burner had assembled my sandwich on the victim of the toaster fire. The sandwich was charred, crispy, and tasted like I had taken a spoon to what was left of a campfire after a night of s'mores. 

Overall, Einstein's produces good food fairly quickly and for a good price...but lately I've had some not-so-positive experiences. I am a sucker for service, and you can bet I'll be letting another neighborhood bagel joint make my breakfast from here on out.
This single location has completely turned me away from Einstein Brothers.  On the several occasions I have been there, I have encountered mediocre food and an incompetent staff.  If you are a fan of this chain, avoid this location.
vegs bagel sandwich is good and fresh flavor.
Everytime I come here they forget something in my order. They all seem to be rude and hate there job. When i have told them I had missing something, they told me that I should of got it myself. Even though the item was behind thr glass case.
They messed up my bacon egg cheese bagel and gave me a sausage egg and cheese bagel. They flipped the cooked egg in the plastic container on to the plastic table the place where all the other food Is prepared. That added a Some new taste.
Slow service, unless you're a regular.  :-(
I was here before 6 a.m. and there were two people behind the counter and one that was just walking back there.  The two that were behind the counter just looked at me but didn't say good morning or we'll be with you in a minute.  When the third person came around the counter one of the other two said something to him about something in one of the ovens and so he stops and tends to whatever that was.

So finally he makes it to the register and takes my order.
Nothing difficult, three bagels toasted with cream cheese to go.  A customer came in a few minutes after me, placed his order and had his drink and food before mine was ready.  
Seems regular customers get more priority.
But from the looks of other recent reviews they really should focus on getting their act together because in this area we have more than one option.
Great and super helpful service gets this place an ok in my book.. I said no thanks to chips and they explained that i get them any way, kudos!
Slower every time I come.  Today order was done wrong.  It is not busy so why must we wait for service (to order and to pay) and then receive order half right.
We hit another location in the area and always get better service so we decided that's just where we'll take our business.
Got bagels here to take to the team at work.  The staff was patient with me as I picked out the exact mix I wanted to take in, and they had a few recommendations.  The bagels were your basic bagels that I've come to expect from Einstein or Panera-type places.  Good but nothing to write home (or give a great Yelp review!) about.
I visited this Einstein's location today for a bagel and a coffee with my boyfriend today. When I walked in I didn't get a greeting or anything, just a cashier staring at me. After staring at each other for about 20 seconds, I guessed that was my queue to order. I was just surprised that I didn't get a hello or a greeting or anything. It was a little weird. Otherwise, my order was correct and tasted good. The cashier was just a little odd and the staff didn't seem to move very fast. I would visit again, but probably not at this location.
Good bagels and a fair price. I wait for the coupon in the Sunday paper and buy the 'hate to wait' dozen with 2 cream cheese tubs. I slice them and freeze them, pulling out a bagel to toast whenever I am in the mood. There are two EB bagels near me, but I like this one. They are usually not quite a packed and you can get in and out quickly.
My review is based off their lunch menu. The sandwiches are okay in terms of taste, but hardly worth the price. I paid $8 for a panini comprised mostly of bread. Oh, and I had to wait 15 minutes when the place wasn't even busy. To top it off, once I finally got my sandwich and proceeded to my car, the girl that put it together was out front of the store smoking - yuck. I've been here before for other menu items with similar experiences and will not be coming back. I'm sure there are better morning bagel places around...and I really wish I would of went to Sprouts for a better quality sandwich filled with meat and veggies for half the price!
I used to stop by this cookie-cutter bagel shop about twice a week to grab a coffee and a bagel on my way to work.  I mean, it was convenient, up the street from where I lived.  

I stopped because my idea about customer service is not to give customers grief, and not to mock customers who are looking for an efficient (hell, that's why you are a cookie-cutter shop, right?) way to grab something because they need to be somewhere.

So, after about 6 months of not stopping in there, I decide to give it a try this morning.  What a mistake that was!  Two people behind the counter, no line, one customer waiting for a bagel to be made.  One of the counter staff was on the telephone, the other was making this other customer's bagel order.  I assume I'll be helped next by the staff after this other customer's bagel order is finished -- no dice. Instead he grabs what apparently was a large telephone order being taken by the other staff person and begins making those orders, and this other staff person for some reason needs to enter this order into their computer.  I wait another 5-10 minutes, meanwhile a line is forming behind me, and still nothing.

Avoid this place!
Being from NY I always crave bagels when on vacation. Einstein Bros. fits the bill. Only gripe is that their prices are more expensive than NY.  I mean almost $5.00 for a creamcheese bagel and orange juice is a bit pricey. The bagels are also softer than a NY bagel. I like a crispier outside. Regardless of those two things the bagels themselves are good. It has become my standard bagel place every time I am out West.
This is the worst Einstein ever. I go to my normal local Einstein and in comparison this place is like going to a 7 eleven. Never have coffee brewed and the employees ignore you when you come in.
These are the bagels I get for special occasions, company, xmas morning, etc...it's across town, in the barrio, oddly enough(there is a good taco place next door).  In the morning it is filled with elderly East Coast Jews having breakfast, with the exception of me, being neither elderly nor Jewish... their breakfasts are good, but if you want a good choice for a dozen bagels, get there early or you will be limited to second tier choices like honey wheat raisin or whatever...all the sesame and poppy will be gone, baby.

If you do happen to be Jewish, there is also a kosher Israeli restaurant on the same block, called Haifa. I suppose you wouldn't have to be Jewish to eat there, though....I've never tried to...I think I should, now that I mention it, though.
Bagels, Bagels, Bagels. Terrible name, great bagels! This is a little family owned Jewish Deli. The food is pretty good but the bagels is where it's at. Closest thing to NY bagels that I have found in Vegas. Real, boiled, NY bagels with great cream cheese's and many other hard to find kosher items. If you like the mom and pops places then this is a great place. Make sure you bring cash because they don't take plastic here.
Harry's Bagelmania, as stated by two Jewish people I know personally who are both from New York and now living here in Las Vegas,  is where the BEST bagels in Las Vegas come from.  Harry's Bagelmania bagels are described as "Just how you would get them in New York, a touch crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside."  They are very different from the frozen bagels in plastic bags available in supermarkets.  Harry's Bagelmania bagels come in many varieties, to name a few:  sesame, poppy, cinnamon/raisin, onion, plain.  A dozen is not more than $7.  Harry's Bagelmania doesn't only sell bagels.  They serve brunch until, if I'm not mistaken, 2 p.m.  Kosher deli staple is what's on the menu here.  Mr. Tony Curtis, a famous old-time actor and a Jewish New Yorker(actress Jamie Lee Curtis' actor father) has been seen here dining every now and then.  Harry's Bagelmania is located on Twain, southeast corner of Swenson.
This place has been my hangout for 20 years! I have smoked over 34 million cigarettes here, held business meetings, lived through 4 owners (outlived actually) and the transition to non-smoking has slowed me down but not stopped me. Maybe I'll quit.

The food is good and totally authentic. Yes, old Jewish weirdos and gangstas abound (including me). Be sure to go there or your life will never be quite complete....
I took a stroll down memory lane this past weekend (Yes, it was homecoming at UNLV) and ate here last Monday.  Old Mort is on that cloud in the sky now, but the memories are still there at Bagelmania. Yes, 'tis full of old East Coast Jews in the morning, and the breakfasts are served by the same 'ol fuddy-duddy women who served me as a young kid from San Francisco years ago.  I had the specials, which consisted of bagel, sausage, and three eggs.  I took two of my pals who happened to be celebrating homecoming as well.  We spent $24 on coffee and the specials.  All was served efficiently.  Same rude service, but mind you this place was packed early in the morning.  So head to that 'ol strip mall on Twain and Swenson in the 'hood, and grab yourself a special (if you read the RJ, don't clip the coupon.  It's an advertisement) and a toasted onion bagel.
This is a little family owned Jewish Deli with Fresh made bagels. This place is packed with regulars ever Saturday & Sunday. Limited seating-NO boothes, MOSTLY breakfast & Bagels, a little sandwich menu for Lunch. Closes early around 3 pm. My mother-in-law a NY Jew has been going here for more than 20 years and swears it's just like home. I usually enjoy the breakfast platter-eggs,bacon or sausage & a bagel plus homefries. The LOX i'm told by my wife is the freshest around. A truly EAST Coast Deli experience in a very shady neighborhood. Once the Haifa Restaurant closed in this shopping center it has gotten very scary. Atmosphere & Service our outstanding every time. The food is OK, but the BAGELS are the BEST
this is the best deli/restarant i have ever been to.i have been going there since i was a kid with my mom and now with my own kids love ya harry.i always get the breakfast special 2 eggs home fried potatos sausage and a bagel toasted with butter nd jelly they also have great sandwiches the best pastrami.the bagels are great everything is great and the service is like family.
I swore I would never review Harrie's Bagelmania (correctly spelled) but since the secret is out, I will give them the props they deserve.  I wanted to keep my secret place empty for myself.

This is by far the best breakfast I have in Las Vegas....even better than the Maple Tree which is very yummy.  It is a dumpy little place in a half-deserted strip mall in a so-so part of town but the food is good....really good.  All the egg dishes are yummy/  They understand bacon well done better than anyone.  I'm not a big fan of their pancakes but most people like them.  I love the bagels...yummy, heavy, proper bagels. 

 I have been coming here for 15 years.  Every time I go to Vegas I go to Bagelmania.  I brought a party of 10 one Sunday morning and they sat us right away in the back.  Everybody at the table loved it.  That is unusual to get 10 folks to sign off on a place. The service is always appropriate.  They won't wow you with being overly friendly, but it is prompt and attentive.

I highly recommend Harries for breakfast....but in 15 years, I have never had lunch there.  Try it once.  You will probably like it.
Harrie's Bagelmania-This place has HISTORY-It's a part of the fabric of Las Vegas an old school NY-style Jewish Deli.

In a small shopping center at Swenson & Twain its just between the STRIP and the Boulevard Mall. Also in the same center is the HAIFA Restaurant another Jewish eatery.

It's known for its Friendly service and REAL food. FRESH made bagels and More. It's a little cramped in there with NO boothes and most patrons are regular who are WELL-FED! lol

They know your name and what you are gonna order before you get seated. Along the back wall is a mural of an old school neighborhood with people looking out their 3rd story window of their brownstone hollering the ice cream man-etc(you get the picture)

Well they have polaroid cut-out of REAL customer taped over the faces on the mural to personalize it-VERY COOL!!

As far as the food goes-I guess you have to be Jewish or from NY to appreciate it. Eggs & Onions,Lox with Onions, and Matza just not my cup of tea Being an Iowa Farm boy.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. Their bagel sandwiches are to die for, of course, but one of my favorite things is is actually their chicken matzo ball soup that is served with little bagel chips!!! SO delicious and perfect for a hangover AND there is a lot of it so I can usually take it home and eat it later too! The service is totally fast and friendly. Cash only kind of sucks but they definitely make it work. I would give this place a definite 5-star rating except....I can't figure out how to get my picture on the wall in one of those little buildings! Haha just kidding (kinda). Definitely worth the venture off the strip even though the surrounding neighborhood is kind of crappy. Oh well :)
The Real Deal.  Real bagels - no shortcuts - at least 15 kinds.  And all the traditional toppings/spreads.  Bialys. All kinds of sandwiches, salads, soups...  Made from scratch.  Noodle kugel with raisins!  3 kinds of knish - kasha (outstanding), potato, and meat (I've only had the kasha).  Fried matzo, blintzes, potato pancakes...  Lox, nova, kreplach, schmaltz - all available here.  All of the regular breakfast offerings plus a million choices for lunch.  Super-friendly people! (thanks Nancy!)  They also cater.
Open daily 6:30 am to 3pm.
Within walking distance of The Strip.  Just say No to nasty casino rubber bagels and GO HERE.
In another life, I was probably born Jewish. I went through a phase growing up when I was obsessed with bagels, lox, etc. Hell, I even studied the violin for 13+ years. Harrie's helped reunite me with my long lost (and imagined) Jewish identity while i did my stint out in LV.

Harrie's, as others have said, is a tradition in LV. For me, it was a Saturday morning late breakfast with either their hash or 2 eggs sunny side up all served with a warm toasted bagel of your choice and some cream cheese on the side. The coffee wasn't the best, but who cared? I was sitting here for a chance glimpse of the Elvis impersonator driving up in his silver Chrysler Sebring. It's more about the ambience here. This is old Las Vegas, folks. Good hearty NY style deli food with cheery people who love the city and treat the customers right.

Yes, they make their own bagels. When you go towards the back, you'll see the bags of flour and the mixing machines through the kitchen doorway. And they make a killer bialy too. The prices are good too. There's a breakfast special on the weekdays - can't recall how much, but it won't run you more than $5 for 2 eggs any style, some meat, a bagel and a coffee. Why sit in a generic Denny's or Blueberry Hill restaurant when you can just relax and feel at home here at Harrie's?

5 stars for ambience and service, 3.5 - 4 stars for food. I like the bialy the best. Reconnect with your love for bagels...and give Harrie's a try. If you see Elvis, take a picture for me. Thank you, thank you very much.
AH, the real deal.  Finally made it here!
Eric R. is a doll and whisked me away from work for lunch here.
*gasp* THEY HAVE KREPLACH!!!! the only place in town!!!
so I got a 1/2 tongue sandwich on challah and a cup of kreplach, and a Dr. Brown's black cherry soda in a bottle!
The kreplach: huge, yummy, comforting, came with noodles and the broth was tasty, plus bagel chips.
The sandwich: tongue was shaved thin, fatty and delicious.  Challah was a bit dry but stood up to the meat.  Pickle was crisp and tangy.
Eric R. ordered a turkey melt on poppyseed bagel and a potato pancake.  He licked his plate clean (I had to move the pickle bc he hates em).
+1 they have the indifferent New Yorkish deli waitress herself!
Only thing is..CASH ONLY!  I didn't know and here I offered to treat Eric R. and my debit card got rejected!  They have an ATM but it would cost me a fortune in fees so I gave the boy my little cash (just spent it all in San Diego at Farmer's Market yesterday!) and he treated me!!!
I owe him one!!!
yum!
Wish it was open past 3 because next time I get sick and want kreplach soup, it will be closed at night :(
For a full year i make the drive from mountains edge to the eastside ( office bldg next to Lindo on DI ) - sometimes i take the 215/airport route, other times the 15 / spring mtn ; During that time i drove by Harrie's at least 100+ times and i never tried.

I move to my westside office last month and now i've tried harrie's twice ... go figure

first visit - standard breakfast - 3 eggs over, sausage patties, everything bagel toasted.  solid - priced a little on the high side given the zip code but overall, i like the place.

2nd visit - lunch - get the turkey/pastrami/swiss and thousand island on rye with the mac salad ( homemade ) - again, decent sammie - a little pricey for what you get ( $11.50 ) and for the mac salad being "homemade" it sure had that bucket-o-salad taste to it.

If i'm in the area and need some breakfast or lunch, i'll definitely re-visit.

pics added
They have Yelp & Zagat rating stickers on the window, which can be intimidating for anyone, walking into a business. I was recommended to come here from a writer in Las Vegas. I ordered the Matzoball soup & Turkey Club with potato pancake and apple sauce.

The matzoball soup was hot and large in a good amount of liquid. I'm used to having chicken noodle matzoball soup, so this was a change. For the price, avoid ordering it plus something else.

The turkey club sandwich was tasty. I ordered it with toasted wheat bread. The sandwich came out so large that I was almost not able to fit my big mouth around it. This is a sandwich for which I would return to this restaurant to eat again.

Some of the charm of this restaurant are the people who work there, mainly the waitresses. They'll tell you straight up what is really going on and make sure you order food that you will enjoy. I have not tried the dessert here yet. Visit for the sandwiches and the authentic type deli.
Sadly, I never had an Elvis sighting here in my many jaunts to Vegas and breakfasts at this place. Great homemade bagels- I am partial to the everything bagel, which is dense and soft and fresh and crunchy on the outside. Coffee is okay and hash and eggs are standard...but you're really just here for the bagels (and the Elvis sighting) so it's all good. A great place for cheap weekend brunch.
Fun place - nice to get away from the strip for a while. Good bagels, though the coffee was so weak it could have passed for tea.
Second stop in search for the best Pastrami. IMHO. 
Had the pastrami on Rye. Although all was fine with the sandwich, I was a little disappointed with the amount of meat. I wanted a little more for the almost 11.00 dollar meal. You do get a little apple sauce and potato pancake, but I could have done away with that for a meatier sandwich. Oh well, the search continues.
Now a few weeks ago, my request to find kreplach soup that I sent to the RJ's Taste of the Town in February, suddenly showed up in the newspaper!  Now, I never read newspaper tangiibly or online, but I happened to check it and see my request, 8 months later.  The truth is, as everyone can see here, I found kreplach soup in town back in May.  I had not been back to Harrie's since my first trip because whenever I think to go there, it is after their 3 PM closing time.

However, this weekend I felt miserable, and decided the only way to recuperate was to get kreplach soup.  Eric R. and I happened to have planned on lox and bagels for breakfast, so I decided to get a half dozen bagels there too.  I walked in, grabbed a bottled Dr. Brown's black cherry, and at the counter I declared with passion, "Give me the largest container of kreplach soup you have!"  The lady smiled and pointed to a big to go container, and I waved my hand and exclaimed, "PERFECT!"

Then I proceeded to order a half dozen bagels for Eric R. and a small cream cheese (he had the Tofutti one in the fridge but I think he really wanted the real deal so I surprised him).  In the end, I came home and had a giant bowl of kreplach soup accompanied by bagel chips, then some lox (aka brain food), whipped out some capers and sliced onion for Eric R., and saved the other half of the soup to get me through today.  A combination of Harrie's kreplach soup, Eric R.'s furnishing me with love and kleenex, and benadryl have nursed me back toward normalcy.
As a Jewish girl who lives in a predominantly Mormon state, I was thrilled to find Bagelmania.  The best corned beef hash I've ever had and the bagels, amazing.  Great black and white cookies and we picked up some pastrami for the road.  The cole slaw a little too creamy for my taste, but everything else terrific
Are you shitting me?
This charming place is in the sketchiest part of Vega$$ and yet it's the cutest little place ever.
Frequented by retired people who have a whole 'nother appreciation of the beauty of a relaxing breakfast, I found myself charmed by the environment, the service and the food. 
It serves all day, and it's one of places that tourists would never find or make a destination, so I feel a bit of Las Vegan ownership already. 
I'll go back again and if you want some company, hit me up, I'm sure I'll be game.
So I got really excited about there being a "Jewish" deli over by where I live, as I've been missing that style of food since moving to Vegas from Los Angeles.  It really was an old-timers place, the kind where people have been going there for years and the waitresses know your names.  I was probably the only person in the place under 40.  I liked the feel, and the food was decent, I had the corned beef hash.  I've had better, but on the whole the meal was perfectly acceptable.  However what got me was the bill, $19 with tip for corned beef hash with a potato pancake and a cup of iced tea.  For that price I could've gone to the Stage or Carnegie Deli on the strip and gotten what would probably have been better food.  Will I come back here, probably, since I get that food craving every now and then.  And be forewarned, bring cash, they don't accept credit cards.
What can I say, Harrie you did it again! This is the second time I have dined on Harrie's as close as it gets to the east coast bagels on the west coast, well in Las Vegas at least. From potato knish to pumpernickel bagel Harries has me all vacklempt. Crisp on the outside soft on the inside, slight bagel chewyness without giving you lock jaw. O' what a bagel. It has been a long time since I had an everything bagel, and harrie you brought me back in time to old New york school days of my usual everything bagel breakfast. These bagels even hold up for a few days so order a dozen. Shalom harrie!!
Great Jewish deli, but be forewarned: they are not open for dinner. Great bagels, bialies, kugel and chopped liver. Extra laudits for the bagels and sweet kugel, which was awesome! They even sell fresh schmaltz! Everything I've eaten here is good except for the cabbage borscht. It tasted like something schlocked together from various canned food. Avoid!
Harrie's Bagelmania is an excellent deli. I had a nice bagel, a nice bialy, and a good pastrami omelet.
I mentioned on another discussion board that I thought Weiss' Deli in Henderson had the best bagel Ilve had outside New York and I had a couple of people say they thought Harrie's was better. I've eaten at both places only once, but I think I like Weiss' bagels better.
Harrie's is still a great place. Everything tastes freshly made. Service was excellent at Harrie's too. 
The everything bagel I got was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, just like it should be. I also appreciate that they make their own pastrami.
It's cash only.
thanks fellow yelpers for a great find. was looking for something casual and quick for breakfast and didn't want to have to hunt for parking at a casino restaurant. plus, i'm always on the lookout for a good bagel, so harrie's came up on my search.

pretty big menu of deli/diner selections, lots of omelets, scrambles, sandwiches, salads, soups, etc. i had the corned beef hash and eggs, which came with breakfast potatoes and a bagel w/cream cheese. food was served piping hot and was outstanding. hash was tasty and not overloaded with grease as can happen.

had an onion bagel, tasted as "east coast" as i've had on the west coast. for a frame of reference, my favorite ny bagels are h&h... not sure how native new yorkers would rate those, but i love 'em. absolutely hate noah's bagels. can't wait to dig into the plain (always a measure of how good a bagel joint is) and the bialy i brought home.

highly recommend harrie's for a casual, off strip breakfast or lunch with a decidedly local flavor. i'm disappointed i hadn't heard of this place sooner... it will be a must visit whenever i'm in lv. 

as others have noted, the neighborhood is a bit dodgy, but i wouldn't let that stop me from visiting. cash only.
Classic New York-style bagel place nestled in the heart of the ghetto on Twain Street. (take your gat with you!)

We order breakfast from here, for my work, when we have large meetings.  Everyone always requests this place and we order the simplest thing:

-Bagel Breakfast Sandwich: egg, cheese (some sort of meat: bacon, sausage or ham) on a plain bagel.  That is it!

The eggs is cooked perfectly: like a fried egg and the yolk is just barely runny so all the flavors of the egg, cheese, meat and bagel dance on your tongue.  YUM!

Believe this: this sandwich is even good COLD!  We had lots of leftovers and people were eating them for lunch cold.  Cold egg?  Uh yeah, its good on this sandwich.  (I would NEVER eat a Egg McMuffin cold, but this shiz is for real!)

Their bagels are exactly what I look for in a bagel: moist, a little chewy and delicious flavor.  I have only had the plain bagel and if its that good, I can only imagine how good everything else is.

(after i ate two halves: one for breakfast and one for lunch, I gained 2 pounds, but I think it was worth it!!)

Nancy (who I think is married to the owner??) is a doll and always makes sure everything is perfect.  We ordered from here last week:
30 bagel sandwiches and a fruit bowl.  They cut the bagel sandwiches in half and I swear everyone ate at least 3 halves!  The total was around $193 (included tax and delivery) and she took a check.

Now this is hearsay, but a lot of the people in my office have come here for breakfast and have said how they INHALED all of their food, because its that good!

If anything, go here for a bagel breakfast sandwich or bagel and cream cheese and you will be addicted!
Yay! I'm MOST DEFINITELY a fan. 

Sadly, I have never heard of this place, nor been to this place. However, I did have these delicious bagels brought into my life when they were delivered to me at work. 

I got a dozen of my favorite: Everything Bagel! I have never had a better everything bagel!!! I am no expert or aficionado of bagels, but I was blown away. Aside from the taste and the abundance of garlic, onions, poppy seeds galor.... the texture was also perfect. The top half of the bagel was loaded and dense/fluffy... while the bottom was denser and had a nice bite to it. 

I can't wait to make a presence in this said to be authentic bagel shop so I can see what all they have to offer and re-write my review! 

Right now I am about to try the cinnamon bagel... and I'm excited:]
Looking for actual Vegas locals? This is the place. Oldschool. Fresh. Bagels. If you are looking for fancy-schmancy or corporate-cookie cutter, you are in the wrong place. But if you like off the beaten path, mom & pop, every-day Jewish Deli slash diner food, you're in for a treat! The waitress might have been a little Ed Debevic's without the irony but so what. Expect it. After breakfast, we took a dozen bagels to go! BTW, CASH ONLY!
By the way... If you are looking for schmalz it is available for purchase by the pound.
This place is awesome.  went there super hung over from an epic night and the food is perfect.  Awesome breakfast potatoes, bagel sandwiches with egg, cheese, and whatever meat you want.  They have it all. Its close to the strip.

Not a ritzy place at all - the ATM gives you a receipt and you have to get your cash at the front desk!??

Price is legit though - you can have a full breakfast for $10 easily
Pretty good bagels, and good overall breakfast.  I liked the fact that it was a deli and had a large menu.  However, the bagels were a little denser and not quite what I'm used to.  We have an Einstein's here that I really like, and I guess that's what I've come to expect.  Harrie's may be more traditional, but I didn't like them quite as much.
Consistently good bagel brunch, as good as anywhere one can find in Las Vegas.  The sable platter ($16.49, maybe the most expensive item on the menu) was fresh and the coffee was hot.   Free yourself of your tourist trap and come here for food that is half the cost of lower-quality product on the strip.

Total for 4 adults and 4 children eating brunch, mostly egg and bagel material including one aforementioned sable platter, was about $75 plus tip.
The bagels are excellent!!! Everyone there is very nice as well. My cup of coffee is never even close to being empty. The guy that runs around with water and coffee is on it!! And he is super polite! I was born in New York and grew up eating awesome bagels and these are the only ones like that in Vegas. I did order the eggs Benedict once and did not like it at all. But bagels are their specialty, so I understand. The hollandaise was grainy. Another time they made me an egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms it was delicious! Plus it came with a bagel and I got fruit instead of home fries, so great options. Yesterday I tried their beef barley soup and it was pretty tasty came with bagel chips. Very reasonable prices as well!! I'm so happy I found this place!
Possibly one of three best bagels and breakfast places ever... It may me a little hard to find but so worth it... The bagels leave New York bagels in the dust and everything from the sausage to the eggs is delicious. Great service and great people.... I would make the drive from LA every morning to eat here.  After having breakfast for en entire week in Vegas at all the top hotels I found a place that actually tastes good.
A friend who lives here in Vegas took me to this hidden gem.  My pastrami rueben was fantastic.  I'll definitely be back.
I eat here about three or four times a year, breakfast and lunch.  The prices are moderate for the amount and quality of food - it is Vegas.

The CB hash is always good and the daily specials, especially the chicken-in-a-pot are good.

Take some of the cookies home with you and a bag of bialis.
Super cheap & super awesome breakfast! They really know how to do breakfast right here, with super huge portions and fresh hot breakfast. My friends and I ordered food from here to-go and brought it back to our hotel to eat. We couldn't believe how much food we got! 

I ordered the 3 eggs with potatoes meal combo. It came with your choice of bagel or toast. I got the Jalapeno bagel with butter, and it was super delicious!! It`s even better because it was close by and has lots of parking :) 

The waiters and waitresses are so nice and helpful. 

A must visit if you`re looking for a cheap breakfast place and not feeling like buffets.
Smoked salmon spread was chock-ful of smoked salmon.
Bagel fresh, tasty, and full of sesame seeds.
Super friendly service -- gave us complimentary samples of whitefish and baked salmon salads.
And honestly the best black and white cookie of my life.  It's going on my Vegas rotation.
My husband and I were just talking about how Las Vegas is becoming a close second to NYC for us.  Las Vegas has the shows, the food, etc.  The one important thing that Las Vegas was missing was the NYC bagel and pizza.  Well now they got the bagel.  Thank you Harrie and Nancy! 

I tried the jalapeno and cheese, sesame, everything, and poppyseed.  They were all very very good.  Just enough bite on the outside and chewiness on the inside.  What i was truly impressed with was that the lox spread had actual chunks of salmon in it.  Very, very yum.  I also had the vegetable and strawberry spread, and they were also very good.  Nancy mentioned that she adds no preservatives into her products.  I think that's all the more reason to give this place a try.  You won't regret it.
Real pumpernickel bagels!  Heaven. 
This place is open only for breakfast and lunch, but I go for breakfast when I have a chance because it reminds me of the deli of my childhood, Shapiros of Indianapolis, when I go there then.
Although it is not as great as it was when Harrie was alive [he died a few years ago], Harrie's widow lovingly keeps his restaurant and his deli alive.
Go first thing in the morning and you will see a cross-section of the real Las Vegas -- politicians, cab drivers, general folks -- enjoying a good meal.
It is worth it just to go for the "show."  It has a real deli feel to it.  Something which is missing in other better known Las Vegas delis.
Reminds me of a NJ bagel shop more than any other place I have found in Vegas. A bacon, egg and cheese on a well-made bagel (with real eggs and crispy bacon) seems to be a rarity on the West coast but they have them here for $4.50. I have found breakfast sandwiches like that elsewhere, on crappy bagels, for upwards of $7 (really!) Also tried the corned beef (lean) on rye (too many caraway seeds) which was good and the matzoh ball soup which was also good but could have used some actual chicken. I'll be back for sure, though. Also, they have special discounts on bagels, corned beef and pastrami on Tuesdays. Bring cash, no credit cards accepted.
All I could think about from the moment I woke up was, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". While getting ready for the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". While at the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?". After the gym, "Where can I get some lox and bagels?".

Well, hello Harrie's Bagelmania. I have had you bookmarked for well over six months. Thank you cravings that would put a pregnant woman to shame. When I want a certain food, let no one get in my way. 

The service is quick and efficient. As I walked through the door, the busperson already had ice water and menu in hand and was walking to my table. Two minutes later, the waitress took my order. 5-10 minutes and my Nova Lox and Everything Bagel was out. I had ordered the Fresh Fish Platter For One ($14.99). My unsalted salmon came with a scoop of either plain or chive cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, and olives. The chive cream cheese uses fresh chopped greens. The everything bagel was chewy and possessed an amalgamation of all their savory components. On top of that, not only did I have enough of ingredients to dress two half bagels, but top the extra veggies with salmon. With each order, there was six strips of the fatty fish. I am thankful because recently I have become a garbage disposal. 

The restaurant was half packed and the staff was able to finish my meal in half an hour. It is a great place for a quick breakfast.
Just visiting Vegas and found Harrie's on Yelp. It was just as advertised: a great local spot in the ghetto with delicious breakfast bagels and a deli. The place was full of regulars that the employees knew by name, a nice change from being with all the tourists on the Vegas strip. I had an "everything" breakfast bagel with egg, bacon, and cheese. It was hot, perfectly toasted and yummy. Coffee was not bad, not the best I've ever had but decent and served in nice blue mugs. The service was fast and friendly. And they had an awesome New York mural on the wall to look at while we ate. They take cash only so plan ahead. Definitely going back to check out the deli next time I am in town.
This place has won awards, had to try it. You do have to drive through a bad part of town but it is worth it. The staff are friendly, nice and helpful. The food is outstanding!!

The breakfast plates, bagels and kugel all taste great, the price is reasonable, and the breakfast plates are large portions.

I visit this whenever I am in Vegas, even if I have a free breakfast somewhere else, I will go here.

Definitely a wide selection of people and a lot of locals and regulars, but I felt right at home. Plus it is close to the convention center and not too far from the strip.
I am afraid to tell anyone else about this place as then it will be too busy and the prices will be raised - but I also want them to stay in business as i just bought a house in vegas. East Coast - the real deal. try it once - you'll be back. Do not go for the ambiance - in fact - get take out. It's just the best.
Delicious super platter (lox, sable, and whitefish, plain and scallion cream cheese, plus 3 bagels.) I even got a fourth, salt, which was quite nice with the right amount of salt and poppy seeds. Too much for the three of us to eat but we stumbled away happy and stuffed to the gills.
Mindblowing.

That is the word for this fantastic breakfast joint waaay off the old and hackneyed Vegas Strip. Freshly made bagels, tasty cream cheeses, and lots of coffee... what else do you need to start off your day?

If you happen to be a freak and don't like bagels, Harrie's also serves tons of other breakfast dishes, from eggs to pancakes to french toast. I can't speak for those because I devoured half their bagels over two breakfasts there.

Bonus points for friendly service - I left my phone on the table and one of the wait staff came over and handed it back to me as I was leaving.
Ok, just flew into Las Vegas from DC, and the ONLY reason I came here was because of the fact other reviewers noted they had kreplach.  Cup of chicken soup comes with one kreplach, bowl comes with 2.  I got 5 and willingly paid extra based on my anticipation...and...

not disappointed...what a find!!!!  Might just come back for dinner (it's 11:41 am as I write this) and have kreplach!

This place does not take cash, they do have an ATM machine in the back that I swear had to have been made in the 1930s :)  I assume the lady at the register is the owner, and she's very nice, very real.  The neighborhood and the place inside is fine, and it does indeed have character in a good way.

The bowl of chicken soup (with myh 5 kreplach flopping over the sides) was very large, was great.  The kreplach were large, well formed, good filling.

Very happy to find a place that serves Kreplach on an authentic level.  Did not try anything else here, just the soup.  I recommend it.
Ok, couldn't resist, just returned this afternoon.  This time got the Kreplach bowl with 2 extra, so total of 4.  Soup just as good, this time had more carrots, a good thing, the kreplach again well formed, good filling, firm.  Goin' miss this place :)
I am a sucker for a good bagel and after 4 days of convention food and all you can eat buffets, a simple, delicious breakfast was my desire.  It took me years to try this place.  Last year it was good and this year, again, it was a terrific break from the trade show grind, and just a half mile from the convention center.

In addition to the bagels, which were great, I tried the $10 Hoppel Poppel.  It's a mix of breakfast foods:  scrambled eggs, hash browns, salami, green peppers and onions.  The serving was gigantic and easily shared.  

Harrie's Bagelmania is at the kind of off the strip, locally owned restaurants I love to find on trips to Vegas.
This place is truly a hidden treasure. It's a small, family-owned authentic Jewish deli with an incredibly friendly staff and it is SOOOOO GOOD!!!! Harrie's Bagelmania is so much more than just a bagel shop. Absolutely everything is hand made from scratch and you can taste the love. Their sausage, egg, and cheese bagelwich blows all other breakfast sandwiches out of the water. The matzo ball soup tastes like your Jewish friend's grandma made it especially for you on a chilly day. The chicken salad is more flavorful than any I've ever tried; it was delicious (and I don't even like chicken salad, I only got to try this one because my friend ordered it). And the biali...OH the biali! For those of you unfamiliar with a biali (like I was), it is a type of bread -- similar to a bagel but not as dense-- with tiny minced onions and other delicious flavorings in the center. I've eaten their biali with the chicken salad, with the matzo ball soup, with cream cheese, and by itself...all amazing. I'd go to this place every single day if it weren't for the fact that doing so would turn me in to Shamu. I highly recommend it.

Note: They are cash only.
I am having a tough time rating places, because when I am reading reviews I am looking for a place in the 4 to 5 stars range. However, when  I review I feel like 5 stars is the best EVER. I am changing, my 5 stars is now...I can not wait to go back! Harrie's is a perfect example.  The food was great, the service wonderful, the place was clean. The egg and sausage bagelwich is superb. My wife had the lox sandwich and while it was expensive, it took both of to finish it. We are already planning our next trip. Another, place that I am glad that it is not in my neighborhood, or I would eat there too much!
I miss Jewish delis in LA. Nate and Al's, Brent's Deli, Canter's, etc.

This is THE closest thing. 

I stopped in one morning when I was craving a heavy breakfast. I got the everything bagel with nova and cream cheese. 

For the first time in my life, I had a choice between Lox and Nova. If you don't know the difference, google it. 

The Nova and Lox are priced per lb, and its a bit pricey, but who cares. You get what you pay for.

I am glad this place is down the street from my office. I'll be back!
Just come here to get a great bagel. This isn't your crappy bagel like einstein bagels. These are homemade. Cash Only.
I love this place!!

The food is fresh, made to order and REAL.

The bagel/Biale and lox spread is to die for!! No need for the full lox, the spread is LOADED with lox.

Stupid Yelp has me visiting a couple times, but I have been at least 6 times. 

It's cash only, but they have an ATM on premises. 

I do conferences and tradeshows- so I come thru Vegas reguarly and this IS my breakfast stop. It's close, fast, fresh and delicious!! 

Look for the locals- you will see them over and over. The staff is also the same day in, day out.

And I am ROLLING, laughing at the pregnant woman's dissertation on how bad this place is...she could have stopped with "I'm pregnant".
What a lovely little gem. Perfect for a quick to go meal on the way to the Grand Canyon. Food delicious and service perfect. Even filled our camelbacks!
Excellent deli short drive from the strip. Salami and egg breakfast was excellent. Bagels are top notch. Please note cash only. Update they now take credit cards via 4square.
i have only tried the bagels and bagel sandwiches here and i go back weekly.  enough said :)
If you are in Las Vegas and headed to the Convention Center make an effort to stop at Harrie's Bagelmania.  This little deli is a nice change from the glitz and glamour of The Strip.  Many locals stop by here for breakfast and lunch.

I was in the area recently.  I took the RTC city bus route 108 from McCarran Airport.  For $2, the bus will wisk you to Harrie's in 10 minutes.  It's in a little strip mall on the corner of Swenson and Twain.

Despite being a deli, they offer sitdown service.  One entree that I enjoyed was their Three Fer plate: knish, potato pancake and a blintz.  It comes with sour cream and apple sauce on the side.  On my recent trip, I had the kasha knish.  They also offer a knish with potatos or meat.     

I would definitely return for breakfast and lunch.  The staff is friendly and food was fresh.  As their name implies, they have a host of bagel combinations.  They do close at 3pm.
The food is very tasty and quite plentiful.
This is now going to be a regular stop when ever I come to Vegas.
Omg.. bomb.com..will stop by here everytime I come to Vegas, here on out.
What wonderful bagels they make! Lunch was excellent also. I ordered a cup of lentil soup and a side of sour cream. Add the bagel crisps that came with it, and I had a satisfying lunch not involving meat. My companion had the half pastrami sandwich/cup of cabbage soup combo and ate every bite. The place doesn't accept credit cards but has an ATM in the corner for those without the green.
Seriously... Jewish Delis are a significant point of weakness for me. Fresh bagels. Ridiculous portions of food that should never been mixed together or consumed in one sitting. Especially for breakfast! 

Harrie's is no exception. Hot coffee coming right up- you will eat to content and from a smorgasbord of delectable homemade options. If you eat here all you will say on your way home from Vegas is, Oy Vey! Who needs a buffet?!
My first trip to Harrie's.  Enjoyed the food, and the service was good.  I had a tuna melt, and chicken soup.  It was all good, and the portions were huge.  Easy to get to location, with ample parking, at least when we went.  Would go again for food when in the neighborhood.
They have the best bialys and bagels ever.  After breakfast my husband and I took home chopped liver, a kasha knish, and creamed herring.  When we asked for extra onions in the herring the owner told the cook to weigh the herring first then add the onions so we wouldn't be charged more for the addition.  Very nice.  We will definitely be back for more.
Love this place!  Came here to get some breakfast to go.  We took out some bagels and a knish.  Bagels were good and fresh and the knish was good and authentic.  Good prices on those.  Also took out a couple of OJ's and milk to wash it all down.  The drinks were a bit pricey and ended up being more than a third of the whole breakfast.  Next time, we'll head to the grocery store for drinks.  

The place was clean and the staff very helpful.  Would have liked to eat in but not this trip.  Definitely recommend.
Good for breakfast and brunch. It is located in a rough part of the city. I recently moved closer to downtown so I drop by often. 

Nova/lox sandwiches are my favorite. Be careful, Lox can get too salty (or was it the other way around??). You can get all your standard bagels. All of them freshly baked. Hash corned beef is very good. Also, cooked fresh. A side of them is big enough for 2. 

it is a good deli, the best in that part of the city. It is not a world-class place were they smoked and cure their meats but is good for Vegas and the best you can get in the area.
Sometimes you get a craving for something...for me it was lox and bagels on an everything bagel with capers. And nothing else will do. Yeah, I could have went to Einstein Bagels...and had some teenager slap something together for me. I didn't want that, I wanted a good bagel place, locally owned, and that knows how to make great bagels. I found what I was looking for at Harrie's Bagelmania. 

Yes, it's in a "sketchy" part of town for some people. So what. Walk in, have a seat, and let them bring you a menu. Service was spot on...I had questions, I got answers without attitude. My food arrived fast. My check didn't arrive until I was just about finished. I like service like that which I consider just right. 

But all that means nothing, what about the food? I had another one of those OMG did I order more than I can eat moments? That bagel was stacked! And it was kinda messy too (which is good and that's NOT a complaint!). And while I thought $1 extra for the capers was a bit pricey....they loaded my bagel up!

Decor wise the place could use a slight facelift, but to be honest I was too busy chowing down to give a dang about decor. They are a bit pricey for my typical lunch and way over the top on calorie counts but if you gotta have lox and bagels, Harrie's Bagelmania has what you need. I will be back! 

(Bookmarked for months....boy am I glad I finally got over there to check it out. Oh and they take credit / debit cards...no ancient ATM in sight as mentioned by earlier reviewers, but I brought cash just in case.)

(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #2)
Fun dive! Felt like we were in NYC. Would definitely return! The lady that runs the place is a little quirky... but, only interacted with her when we paid the bill.
Day one, I had an everything bagel with lox cream cheese. Delicious. Second day had the corned beef hash with a breakfast bagel. Day one was better than day two, but we are comparing greater and great.

Don't let the exterior appearance fool you. This place has been making everything from scratch for 21 years. This will be a regular visit every time we come to Vegas.
If you go here, don't expect anything special.  It's very much an average Las Vegas eatery, which means it's below average if you're from the real world.  I guess if you've only had Vegas bagels, this could be a 3-star, but I'm being very generous.

It's not authentic, and it does not have a great menu offering.  The food they do offer is very bland, and simply below average. 

Make sure you have some time to spare.  The wait can be very long, and the staff is almost purposefully slow.
I was told about this place from a man on a cruise ship last winter.  I FINALLY stopped in, even though it's just around the corner from work!  The bagel was great and the amount of Lox they put on is YUM!  I'm looking forward to going there again.
I came in and got two bagels on my lunch hour. They were nice and efficient and the bagels were nice and chewy. It is a good Jewish deli and I saw many "old school" Vegas types enjoying their breakfast. It is a true hole in the wall, so don't expect linen table clothes but the bagels and cream cheese were good and I saw lots of tempting things in the deli case which will make me come back. The area it is in is a bit sketch so just take note of that:)
Great little bagel shop with a diner feel.  The decor is old fashioned, some may even say run down, but I thought it was quaint and no-fuss.  I love that it is a local establishment that serves good quality food.  It wasn't crowded on a Friday morning, so my girlfriends and I immediately got a table and our orders taken.

I ordered an everything bagel with lox cream cheese (cream cheese with smoked salmon in it).  YUM.  We were visiting Vegas so we also ordered a dozen bagels to-go with a pound of cream cheese for about $12.  Not bad considering it was supposed to be breakfast for the four of us for 3 mornings.  I think that's about as cheap as you're gonna get for eating in Vegas on vacation!
Not bad.  Bagels were amazing and the only reason to really go.   The soup was okay but not that great.   The matzah balls were a bit hard.   Definitely a good bagel place.
Great lunch place ...I had the cup of Matzo Ball soup it was delicious..very hot with lots of celery and carrots....my friend and I shared the corned beef sandwich which also was very good...prices are reasonable. If you come at 1 o clock you beat the lunch crowd.
Don't let the location fool you! Went with a good friend of mine who has been coming here for years. The Reuben omelette was calling my name and sure enough, best omelette I've had! Huge portions for the price. I will be back! Yum.
Their Bagels are the best in Las Vegas. REal water bagels. Food is also very good.
Loved this restaurant! The bagels were delicious; the meat knish was phenomenal; and, the service was very warm and attentive. I gave four stars instead of five because they do not have a credit card machine and I had to use their ATM machine in order to pay my bill. However, that did not take away from the quality of the food or service at Harrie's. Will definitely eat here again the next time I am in Las Vegas!
Matzo brie was off the hook.  The portions are huge.  It is very reasonable.  A great place for breakfast.
Seems pretty much like any bagel shop/deli that I've patronized in the northeast- family owned and operated and tons of regular customers of the senior-citizen class. I was about to drop $14 on the Nova platter when the waitress told me about a cheaper option that was exactly what I wanted. Bagels were huge and very tasty and I would come back for breakfast next time I'm nearby. Decor is outdated and so is this part of Vegas, but supporting a local business never goes out of style.
Extremely slow service.tuesday morning after ten.not even crowded.by the time I got my oatmeal, it was cold with old mushy bananas.my bagel was easily a day old and so stale and chewy I couldn't eat it, it hurt my jaw to chew.this place is awful, I'll never be back
Had a late breakfast here, and I've got to say I'm a fan now. The Reuben Omelet is absolutely amazing! The fact that it's not in one of the nicest places in town shouldn't deter you from giving this hidden gem a shoit.
If you want to feel llike you're sitting in a diner in somewhere in the Village eating bagels - this is the place! It's nothing fancy and you probably won't find any tourists in here (or gamblers for that matter). But the bagels are the best ones I had outside of New York City. And their Lox Cream Cheese spread is awesome! I would come back here just for that...!
BEST BAGELS IN VEGAS. 

This is the only bagel place I've found with fresh salted bagels. If you haven't tried them, you need to! The breakfast specials are amazing. Great eggs, a bagel with fresh cream cheese (nothing philly about it!), bacon, and home fries for a great value. I like to add a side of fruit too.

Be sure to get there early Sunday mornings; the bagels fly out of the bins! Try the bagel sandwiches: salted bagel, fresh eggs, bacon, and cheddar--my boyfriend always wakes right up when I bring these home. 

Lox? Incredible. Cookies? Fantastic. Service? Unbeatable. I forgot my wallet once and offered to leave my phone as collateral while I drove home. The cashier was so sweet. She told me she couldn't let me drive without a phone for emergencies. Be sweet to these people. Trust me, we want them to stick around! 

Now they're able to accept credit cards, even though the bagels have always been worth carrying cash for.
Somebody erase my browser history because I have died and gone to heaven.

This is a true New York Style deli. Generous portions of lox and cream cheese on fresh homemade bagels melt in your mouth. Grumpy old men with newspapers and the hint of old school Las Vegas make this place a must try. 

Close enough to the Strip for tourists but far enough away for a local crowd too. Prices are more than fair.
Had breakfast at Harrie's on a Saturday.  It was before 9 AM, and there was only one other table seated when I walked in.  After I ordered, people kept trickling in until the place was nearly half full.  It's in a not so great part of town, and it only takes cash, but these are not reasons to skip Harrie's.  They have a large menu with all of your east coast deli favorites, made on the premises.

I had the Hoppel Poppel, which, and there is no other way to put this, is an enormous amount of food.  It's home fries with eggs, peppers, onions and salami into a glorious scramble that easily covers the whole plate and could probably cover another one.  It comes with your choice of bagel.  I got an everything bagel toasted, and it comes with a lot of cream cheese.  I didn't finish either my scramble or the cream cheese.  The Hoppel Poppel is good, but when you put some Cholula on it, it becomes great.  The potatoes I don't think were seasoned, but the peppers and salami add a lot.  Also, the salami is fantastic, not greasy at all.  I guess if I have a criticism of this dish, it's the lack of seasoning.  But, adding hot sauce really worked.

I got the wife corned beef with eggs to go.  Her potatoes were not seasoned, but they were cooked well.  Not surprisingly, the order of eggs with corned beef was massive.  Yet another breakfast we couldn't finish.  

Service was fantastic, the check was brought out quickly as was my to go order.  Friendly people and a comfortable atmosphere.  Can't wait to return to get a huge sandwich for lunch.
We were looking for a cheaper breakfast option on our vacation...  Bagelmania was the perfect spot.  Its a local place located in a strip mall a few blocks off the strip.  It was pretty busy with lots of local regulars.  The portions were generous and the food was great.  Try the homemade hash and a fresh baked bialy.  You won't regret it!
I went here after reading all the Yelp reviews.  I don't understand all the rave reviews.  Nothing special AT ALL.  I ordered a pastrami omelet.  (Don't let that fool you... they do not have a giant selection of omelets, although you could specify ingredients to create a custom dish.)   When the plate arrived, I looked down to see a rather large portioned omelet that was stiff, fairly hard, smooth sided, compacted and in the shape of a triangle.  I immediately compared it to the looks of a tan colored cranberry scone.  There was no evidence of a yellow or egg whites.  It was all overcooked and brown.  If it wasn't for the triangular shape i'd say it looked like it was baked too long in a shoe.  yes, the texture while eating it was exactly as it looked.  Rubbery and flakey. Brown.  The omelet came with a bagel and diced potatoes.  The bagel:  Nothing special AT ALL.  It's not like you are going to Einstein's bagels or anywhere of that caliber.  It was not extra tasty or extra large.  I was surprised at that for a bagel shop!!  I usually love hash browns or other types of breakfast potatoes.  Not this time.  These diced potatoes were mushy and sticky in a weird kind of way.  Like warmed mashed potatoes that were cubed, and that stick to the roof of my mouth like peanut butter, but not as bad as peanut butter.  it was just weird. I'm sure that this was the first time in 30 years that I did not finish my breakfast potatoes.  It was only after I got my bill that I found out that the cheese that my waitress suggested ("what kind of cheese do you want on your omelet?) that I found it that the cheese was $1.50.  I wouldn't have ordered the cheese at all if I had known it was extra.  Here is what breakfast cost me (for myself):  Pastrami omelet:  $10.99, cheese: $1.50, Milk, 20 oz:  $2.75.  With tax my total bill was $16.48 not counting a tip.  If the pastrami omelet was not the most expensive item on the menu, it was right up there.  So yes, you could very easily get your entre $3 cheaper.  I would not recommend this place, because although it was unusual to have an pastrami omelet, it, and the rest of the meal, did not taste special at all.  I wish I had explored elsewhere.
We went here for breakfast one day to try and get away from the super pricey meals on the strip. Plus the hubby really wanted a bagel!

The waiter was so nice and friendly, and the place was full when we got there, so that is always a good sign. 

I had the brisket sandwich, it was ok, definitely lacked salt. It came ice cold, and I wondered if that was the Las Vegas way of eating it. The waiter assured me that it was not. My husband ordered the corned beef hash with scrambled eggs. The eggs were not cooked through and had some raw, runny spots. The waiter was apologetic and returned it to the "chef". He completely copped an attitude, and actually started complaining about us to the waiter and someone else behind the counter! Dude, we are sitting right here, and can hear you!

Anyway the hash was different than we are used to, but it was still good. Everything lacked salt, but I guess I'd rather have to add, than deal with too much. I would give it another try.
The bagel was good. Lots of bagel options to choose from. It's hard to find a place open at 7am in Vegas. Wished staff was more friendly.
Love the jalapeo bagel here! And the lady serving us was so nice. My boyfriend got the scrambled eggs and hash. It was a looooot of food. I would come back for another bagel!
Amazing food.  Im from the east coast living in Arizona.  Went to vegas and found this gem!  They are from Chicago so you know their deli food is good!
This place is awesome, it's not a tourist spot for sure. Mainly locals come here. I come here with a big group of people every morning for a week during SEMA, this place is great fro breakfast. We always call ahead to reserve a table and they always make rood for us and the service is quick and friendly. Can't go wrong with the breakfast special.
In the most bizarre strip mall along crack alley is where you will find Harrie. I get to drive through here everyday on my way to work, so I've become familiar with Harrie over the years. I boycotted for about 7 years but recently started coming back because I was sick of Einstein's. 

I love an everything bagel, and what I love even more is when "everything" is on both sides of my bagel. I found that here. Problem is, their bagels are really hard. Really, really hard. My usual spread is onion & chive. I find their spreads here are really thin, if you were to hold the bagel to on the side, it would slide off. I tried the Lox spread and it was so incredibly salty, I ended up throwing it away. What I do love is the cookie case. I've tried them all, and they are all pretty damn good. 

Also I think their prices are a little steep, $3.78 for a bagel & cream cheese (did I really just complain about prices for a Jewish deli)? Yes, I did.
This place filled the desire for an authentic Jewish/New York deli. Meyer Lansky would have been proud . The lox was fresh and amazing and the chive cream cheese was for me new and delicious . The bagels fresh and flavorful . The potato pancakes were cooked just right and the Ruben exquisite .
I've been coming to Harrie's for over 20 years and we haven't been in a few years since it had seemed to go down hill.  We were in the area and went for breakfast a few weeks ago and it was great, just like the old days!  Def try breakfast here and the bagels are the best in town!  Go for the bagels and lox, not the service!
It's in a real crappy part of town. Prostitutes and Drug dealers galore, only thing that breaks the scenery is stepping over the homeless! So, the location may not be something that Harrie's can control, but their service IS. My husband, visited the store earlier this morning to get our family breakfast. I am newly pregnant and was craving a lox and cream cheese bagel with the traditional tomato and lettuce. He arrives home with a lox cream cheese SPREAD (not even a slice of lox... they say they are like a real NY Bagel Place, having been to NY several times, and having loved ones their, I KNOW that the spread is the kiss of failure in a bagel) then they put lettuce and a hunkin huge slice of red onion.. WHO DOES THAT? Like that is how anyone would order an effin bagel.. SO, when he got home, of course I was upset that my sandwich was incorrectly made. Asked my husband for the receipt, he said that they didn't give him a receipt.. no surprise. I took the sandwich in. 

I was met at the counter by an extremely overweight lady ( who couldn't even stand, she had to lean on the counter the whole time or sit) who asked if she could held, I said, "My husband was just here and ordered this and other stuff, and my sandwich is wrong. It had this huge slice of onion on it and I wanted it with tomato." I opened the sandwich from it's foil wrapper to show her. She push the bagel back to me and said "Well, that's how he ordered it." I refuted telling her that he knows how I like my bagel and he would have NEVER asked for the fresh onion. She and I went back and forth for a second, she grabbed my bagel sandwich, while it was opened with her dirty hand and slammed it down on the cooks line and said "scrape the onion off and put tomato on it." I said "No, I want a new sandwich all together (because she put her dirty hands all over the bare food) or I wanted a refund" She grabbed the sandwich threw it in the trash an then she yelled  "Get the hell out of my store!" I told her that I wouldn't leave without a refund or a new sandwich.  You have to understand that in Vegas people in this neighborhood must always be on the run, so she thought by next saying to me "Leave or I will call Metro would scare me and  I would run out the door leaving her as a victor (with no refund and my sandwich)... but I responded with "Call Metro, as far as I see it you are stealing my sandwich and money! I Don't have merchandise that I asked for and you aren't giving me the sandwich out of the trash... so either refund me or give me a new sandwich, If you refuse I will stop payment on the card that I used." "I will call and have you arrested!" She said. I responded with "Oh I will pay you what I owe you, but I will not be charged for something that you won't fix or refund me on. I don't allow ANYONE to BULLY ME! That ended on the playground.. and as a adult, it is NOT OK to be bullied out of your rights! "She grabbed her calculator and started to try to figure out what she would have to refund and it seemed as if it was either (or both) that it hurt her to figure it out because it was too hard, or she realized that she would be losing cash in hand and all she had to do was fix my order (I mean how many bagels gets thrown away in a day anyway just fix the sandwich) 

She finally understood that I wasn't leaving and that she either had to make my food over or refund me the money.  She kept telling me to go sit down and she would deal with me later and wanted to help the regular (Jewish) customers. I stepped back, then she says to her customer loud enough for the regulars sitting there and eating  "Yeah, she is mashuga!" Having been deeply offended that she would pull that sort of card on me, not a cool thing to do as a business to start slinging religious terms to cut down on another person in a way to show that I am an outsider, not being part of their religion. I knew in a second what she was pulling and I wasn't going to allow this. I dated a Jewish man from Brooklyn. I understood what she was pulling! I tell her, "What you don't think I know Jewish? I know what you just called me!"  Finally, after a bunch more words that represent nothing more than poor customer service and bullying by her, she succumbed to my request and fixed my sandwich. The food, when I finally ate it wasn't that good. The onion on the bagel was so burnt that I couldn't taste the flavor of the bagel itself and the lox spread was kinda gross.... the produce was fresh at least... I just think that it wouldn't matter if the food was absolutely wonderful, I wouldn't patron a place that is all smiles to you until there is an issue and rather than helping you they spit in your face and tell you to get out or they will call the police. I wasn't loud, beligerant or rude. I got there towards the end though. I asked nicely and got the door anyway.  You decide for yourself, but, I say. "Spend your $$ at a place that respect you!"
Love love love this place! I came for the first time last month, and I've been here 4 times since! I l've only had a bagel sandwich but it's wonderful! Thinking about heading over to day, and try some of their other items.
This Jewish deli is in a strip mall a few blocks drive from the Strip.  They have tasty breakfasts at a far more reasonable price than the Strip.  The bagels are great.  I wasn't a fan of their smoked whitefish salad, but it was definitely smoked and came in a huge portion.
The service was impeccable. The food came out so quickly and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  I've been to 5 star restaurants where the service wasn't as good.  Definitely coming back for breakfast.  The food and bagels are top notch too!
Although locals may understandably grouse about paying close to $15 for a nova bagel, we Angelenos have been paying such tribute at the Langer's Deli altar for decades.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/langers-los-angeles-2#query:langers%20deli


The comparison is apt, because Langer's is also in a part of town not hitherto known for its culinary excellence.  Also apt, because both places have the same sort of quaint Aunt Enid-like "sit down and eat, Bubbeleh, you look skin and bones" type of feel.

But where Langer's has lines down the block and has been designated a cultural heritage site, this place is still somewhat fledgling, although I did see a Bentley and a Maybach during my 20 minute stay on a weekday morning, so surely they aren't far from stardom.

The bagels here are legit, yo, and the nova salmon sublime.  So too, the Russian Tea cake cookies, which are melt-in-the mouth delicious.
Great stop for breakfast! I had an Everything bagel with lox and cream cheese. It was delicious and had huge chunks of fresh salmon in the spread. Yummy! My husband had the $7.99 special of eggs, ham, potatoes and a Jalapeo bagel. He loved his too! We will be back!
ok so this is a pretty sketchy part of town,but it doesn't bother me or worry me. In the course of doing business in los angeles I was always in industrial or areas where business's had their warehouses in run down areas. I was pleasantly surprised with this eatery. Its a bit of a drive for me but runs about 1/2 the cost of bagel cafe. I had their 7.99 breakfast special. Onions and eggs sausage patty's (2) potatoes and a bagel. This is good old fashioned large portions and good food. quite a spread from the ripoff that is the strip,and basically a stones throw from there. Its near the convention center so for all you visitors its an awesome fillup on your way to long full day of work. For value they get two thumbs up! the service was also right on point. I will say it would be nice if they improved their coffee, a bit weak for my starbucks palate. otherwise a solid good value.
Food:  Bagels are noticeably different than Bagel Cafe; I like these one!  My pastrami omelette was comparable to Bagel cafe, slightly bigger. My wife's Matzo Ball soup was flavorless; she actually had to sprinkle salt on it......I've never seen her sprinkle salt on food before.  
Something I would recommend:  Tap water was the worst tasting in the Valley; hands down.....clean your water lines, I think I tasted 1972.
Service:  Was good today; we were one of only a few people there so they weren't busy.
Terrible service. They offered me fruit as a side then came back and said they had no fruit, they offered me cottage cheese, then came back and said no cottage cheese. I got so frustrated by their lack of knowledge I said I was just gonna go somewhere else so then they said well we already charged your card. They gave me a hand-written receipt for my charges instead on a printed one and said my credit would get to me "when the owner gets around to processing her charges" no definitive time or date given. So now I have no meal and I have no idea when I'm getting my refund if at all. This place is run terribly AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
I just left Harrie's and I inhaled a delicious lox and cream cheese on a bagel. I'm from NY and I am very particular about the heavenly rings of yeasty goodness. To my relief, these bagels were delicious! Everyone was nice and I was very happy with the super friendly customer service. 
So, to that yelper -Hollie C. below, you are an insane racist and your review is disgusting.
Always nostalgic about NY when I grab breakfast here. Service is great, food excellent, prices are right.
Still great breakfast and good value in a sketchy shopping strip.  A very filling breakfast for 2 with leftovers (matzo brei and whitefish salad on a rye bagel) came to about $30 all-in.
Harrie's Bagelmania is a great little breakfast place, in an area of town you would want to generally stay away from, except Harrie's is in a shopping plaza.  It's a Jewish inspired menu, and the bagels are easily the best I have had in Vegas.  Also, on Tuesdays, they sell a dozen bagels for dirt cheap...I think maybe $5?

This morning I had the breakfast special of 3 huge eggs, fried perfectly, a slab of ham, a mound of hash browns, and a sesame bagel.  We also got a potato pancake - I'm not a connoisseur of potato pancakes, but Harrie's are awesome.

Service is pretty good, but they always make sure your coffee or iced tea are filled.  

Plan ahead, because Harrie's is cash only.
Another bit of NY in the desert. Easily best bagels and lox in Vegas. Go for the "Burton 1-2-3-1" very good. Orange juice is fresh squeezed and coffee is good.
This is a great place to just grab a quick bite ! Great service, been here couple times and never a let down. Location is the only sketchy part but it is still worth it !!! Love their chicken soup , matzo ball soup , bagel and their breakfast sandwiches. The black and white cookie is great also!
Once a month, I treat myself with 2 bagelmania garlic bagels and a half pound of cornbeef. I can't think of a better meal. 

Keep note: if you eat here once, you will get uncontrollable craving for their food. Nothing will satisfy but the real thing.

I've been told the staff is grumpy, but they've always been very nice to me.
Really enjoy coming here for breakfast! The food is excellent. Delicious bagels, and excellent matzah ball soup. My husband enjoys the brisket sandwich.
I'm in Vegas every few months and this is a spot I frequent.  They're super friendly and the food is great.  It's seems to be more of a local joint, and it has that mom and pop shop feel. I get the hopplepopple every time without question. It comes with a bagel and I've never left hungry. I heart this place.
Pros = Above average deli food, pet friendly, fills the need for Jewish food in this part of the Valley
Cons = Overpriced, too-hot coffee, slow service at times

Somewhat strangely, Kashman's has 2 locations off Scottsdale road within about 2 miles of each other.  This would make sense if the food was stellar and the prices were reasonable, but considering neither of those points are true this fact will remain a mystery...
A fantastic breakfast/deli joint located in a strip mall (isn't everything here though?). Great selection of hot and cold sandwiches, scrambles, salads, and real bagels. My personal favorite: the Trifecta Salad Sampler, with a scoop of tuna salad, to die for egg salad, and chicken salad on a bed of romaine, with freshly sliced cucumber, avocado and tomato. Get in line, order, grab a table and enjoy the hustle and bustle atmosphere.
While food is decent - it is overpriced. The biggest quirk is paying $ 8.50 for banana pancakes.

Service is inconsistent at best, bordering rude and snotty at times. Staff does not even make an effort to remember your name, as they are too busy.

I give them credit for creating a terrific bagel. One of my favourite items on the menu for lunch is the Sonoran chicken sandwich - htat is a must have.

When I first moved to the area, I went there several times a week, and now have limited mny visit to an oocasional one simply because the service is nothng special yet I would expect a little friendlier staff from a deli that charges premium prices.
Kashman's is North Scottsdale's best-kept open secret, something that many people living in the depths of Central Phoenix have never heard of and would never deign schlepping to for breakfast.  We became intimately familiar with it when we lived for nearly a year up in a  Grayhawk apartment, waiting for our condo renovation to be completed.  I love the egg dishes (try the Chicago omelet), the salads (Trifecta rocks), pastries made in-store (the black-and-whites are good, and the fat-free blueberry muffins are better than the regular ones--all are usually refrigerated, though, so you may want to ask for your muffin to be heated before serving) and the bagels have the perfect bite and chewiness (contrast with the bagel-shaped bread that Einstein's churns out).  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have found the owner's family to be quite friendly and quick to recognize regulars.

Seating is sketchy during peak hours, although, for a relatively small strip-center establishment, there are a decent number of tables in and outside.  As a first-timer, remember to ask the wait staff at the door to give you a number corresponding with an open table.  You will need this when placing your order at the counter.  It can be difficult to peruse the large menu, so it may help to grab a paper copy before queuing up.
Cute little place to go for breakfast on the weekend.  Food was good but I felt it to be a little over priced for a place that does not serve you.  

In my opinion, I found Kashman's to be very overpriced for breakfast, and I found it to be the same quality as The Good Egg but way to over priced.
kashman's tuna melt the best EVER. Have it on a cinnamon raisin bagel, I know it sounds nasty but it's delicious! Kashma's service is great and well worth the trip. Just remember they close by 3pm on the weekends and perhaps during the week as well.
I had high hopes for this place. It's only two strip malls away from my parents' hood (since I'm a visitor and didn't keep track of actual distances, and there are strip malls galore in this area, that's how I keep tabs on locations), and it's a Jewish-sounding deli! Sign me up...

Three of us went for lunch and got sandwiches. My cousin, a 19-year-old macho man terrorizing much of the Phoenix female population currently, got the chicken salad sandwich. He liked it a lot. It was piled high with mayonnaisy (how in the heck should I spell that, sorry) looking chopped chicken. My boyfriend got the roast beef sandwich with cheese and roasted red peppers. He thought it was pretty good, but picked off the red peppers. I tried one, and could see why they wouldn't really fit with the rest -- really pungent tasting, would totally overwhelm and stand out from the other flavors. I got the half sandwich/half salad combo with the thanksgiving turkey sandwich (cranberry spread, yum) on whole wheat, house salad. Eh, just ok. Nothing special. 

This rates ok since it's convenient and serviceable, but really it's not the good Jewish deli I was hoping for, and the prices are pretty high for just a sandwich. I'd rather pick up fixings and make my own at this cost, which is what I did the next day.
Just realized that I wrote a review for the Kashman's location at the Summit, but not for this (Pinnacle Peak) location yet... and this is the one I frequent!

I am a regular customer at Kashman's and although I feel like it's kind of expensive, I love their food, so it's worth it to me!  Today I had the chopped farmers salad (no cheese + turkey).  I love that it is full with veggies and the light balsamic dressing they use goes perfectly with it!  

Other menu items that I order consistently are the omelettes (they do egg whites no problem), oatmeal, trifecta plate, turkey sandwich, and tuna melt.  The bagels are the best I've had in Arizona, and my friend DeDe swears by their matzah ball soup!

I witnessed an interesting scenario when I was there today... a guy had bought lunch for his wife and came up to the register when I was paying and said: "Excuse me... my wife changed her mind and does not like her cookie and she wants to exchange it for a blueberry muffin."  

Nancy, the owner, looked at him and apologetically said "I'm sorry, sir - that is the cookie she chose and I cannot serve that cookie to anyone else now.  You can buy a blueberry muffin if you'd like."

This made me think two things: 1 - I'm glad they will not reserve food like that but 2 - perhaps they should have asked if the cookie was bad, etc... and maybe even done so much as to give them a muffin to make them happy?

Anyways, that's my story for the day, but I have been and will continue to be a loyal Kashman's customer!
Kashman's has great food but you really have to gear yourself up for the rude owner (artichoke lady) and some of the mean, crotchety ladies that work behind the counter. 
This is not a good place to place your order by phone. They're always nasty and short with you on the phone and then when you pick your order up, they get all bent out of shape because you have no place to stand and wait for your order. 
The guys and gals that bus are usually super efficient and very friendly and the food is above average. If you're looking for good food and a verbal lashing from the staff that work there, then Kashman's is your place to eat!!
Breakfast for lunch and lunch for late breakfast....my kinda place!! From salads, sandwiches to bagels....I love it on weekends to sit outside when I have time to lounge. I love that I can bring Max to sit outside with me!
Casual, clean and yummy!
I really am a fan of Kashman's Place, unfortunately I don't live in the neighborhood anymore or I'd probably make it a daily stop.  I swear that they have some of the best bagels that I've had in the valley- their jalapeno bagel hits the spot! So does their bagel sandwich for a quick on the run meal. I was also a big fan of and can recommend the Thanksgiving Cranberry Turkey and Sonoran Chicken sandwiches. Everything that I've had at either location was top-notch... if only they had a CenPho location.
Once you figure out how this place works, it is a great place for a casual and tasty breakfast.  When you arrive, it is important to get a number for an open table before you order.  Also, the menu is fairly long, so it is best to get a paper copy and figure out what you want before getting in line.  I say this because even though the line may appear long, it moves FAST.  Yes, these people at Kashman's are quick and efficient, so you don't want to reach the counter undecided!  So far I have tried various omlettes (with bagel & fruit as the side items) and a breakfast bagelwich.  All have been great and arrive at the table quickly.  An added plus is the fresh-squeezed orange juice.  The seating inside can be tight, especially if there are peole waiting in line to order, but there is ample seating outside, most of which is either in the shade or under umbrellas.  One thing I really enjoy is that it is a dog-friendly place - they have bowls of ice water and bags of biscuits outside for our furry friends to enjoy.
After being on our list for awhile, we finally made it out to Kashman's this week for breakfast (on a week day).  I was a little surprised when we got there, as I expected a sitdown restaurant, but instead it's an order at the counter and the food is brought out kind of place.  There was a TON of seating outside, and I remarked to my wife that Kashman's is probably the place to go on the weekend's once the temps cool down...

We each ordered a coffee and the wife ordered a egg/cheddar bagelwich on an everything bagel, while I ordered the stuffed challah french toast.  There were several choices of Seattle's Best coffee at the self serve condiment bar, and I think three different types of milk.  Coffee was good.  After a few minutes the food was served to us.  My french toast (stuffed w/ cream cheese and fried) was delicious.  It was one of the dishes where I have to tell my wife that if she wants a bite she better hurry up and get it while there is some to be had.  I finished the whole thing, no problem and wish the serving size had been a touch bigger.  The only downside of the plate was the fruit that came with it.  There was much honeydew and cantaloupe (both of which I dislike) and precious few slices of delicious strawberry.  I also had some of my wife's sandwich after she was done, and thought it was good, bagel was nice and warm still.  

Kashman's get a solid four stars, and I'd probably go more often if it was a little more convenient for me, though I have a couple of relatives who I would consider making the drive out here for.
Was visiting Scottsdale this weekend and wanted a local place for breakfast.  The food was pretty good but the service kind of sucked.  The woman taking the order in the restaurant came off as rude and not friendly at all.  If you can deal with that then no big deal.  Pretty good food for a reasonable price.
I love breakfast, and this place has decent food......BUT it is just very VERY normal food. Nothing unique or special and It is WAY overpriced. 

The wait times are also ridiculous. I don't like to wait 40 minutes for some average waffles.

Don't believe the hype.
I love going to breakfast on weekends. I actually live for it and I've been going to Kashman's for about 4 years now. (Wow, has it really been that long!) After reading some of the reviews, yes - it is a little expensive for breakfast and yes- the food is normal breakfast food, but I love that it is a small little breakfast, brunch, lunch joint. I mostly love it because it is one of the few places that I know that welcomes pets! I feel so guilty some mornings getting up and leaving my little pooch that it is nice to have a place I can take him. Of course there is outdoor seating and it is a great way to start out your day. We usually see a lot of people come in after their morning hike. Some meals are big enough to share as well...although I don't.  :-)
Kashman's is the go-to deli of choice for my family.  My parents own a home between the two locations and when they are in town, we are frequent visitors to both.  I enjoy both breakfast and lunch at Kashman's.  I've never had a bad meal... omelets, oatmeal, bagels, sandwiches, salads, etc... it's all delicious!

When I'm in need of a pick-me-up, I head to Kashman's.  Their chicken noodle soup combined with a power bagel and cream cheese does the job.  There is something about the combination of carbs, fluid, protein, and dairy; it's better than what my grandmother used to make me!  But don't take my word for it; go check it out yourself!
I don't understand something about this place - and that is how unfriendly and unpersonable the owners and cashier staff are. The staff are either miserable, not well treated, underpaid or all of the above.

Stone faced is how I would describe the people who take your order. They'll take your money but that's about it - If you expect a smile, you may want to place a token in their mouth and see what happens.

The truth of the matter is: I would rather drive 20 minutes to go to another deli, deal with friendly and courteous staff, feel appreciated then go to the most convenient deli, pay outrageous prices and be taken for granted.

In my book and especially in this recessionary period, it is the little details that win my business and the verdict for Kashman's is just about the most unfriendly, most unwelcoming breakfast joint I have yet to come across. I don't understand how they stay in business !
Pinnacle Peak location now closed, just fyi!
this kashman's is closed - as of Sunday June 20, 2010

Their summit location is still OPEN - however, this is a little farewell to the Pinnacle Peak location.

What used to be my favourite deli turned into a nasty neighbor. It's nothing personal, but really - they did everything to drive my business away, so when I say their doors closed, I was actually relieved because they left a sour taste in my mouth. While their food was decent, it was overpriced and I never got over just how cold and unwelcoming they were to not just me but everybody.

I will not even bother to drive further north to visit their other location because really the farther away they are, the happier I am!
Best breakfast in Scottsdale!  Bring your puppy
This review is specifically for this location and NOT ALL Einstein's.  This particular store has the most piss-poor service and product!

Here are a couple examples:
Last week I ordered a salad to-go.  They made it "fresh", put it in a bag and I took it back to work.  Upon arriving back at work I realized they didn't include the bread that comes with it.  :(  When I started eating the salad it was a fresh layer of lettuce on top of a slimy-brown layer underneath.  Barf!

This morning I had to wait 20 minutes to get a toasted bagel and cream cheese to-go!!  There was this guy next to me that was fuming!  I guess he was waiting for an order that he had faxed in the night before and they still hadn't filled.

This place needs to have more people on staff and train them better.  Really, making bagels couldn't be that hard!

If you are in the area, go to the Einstein's on Thunderbird + 40th St., the manager there is wonderful!
Einstein Bros., I want to love you...I really do...you are making it soooo damn hard.

I have to interject here that, like the review before me, this applies to one location only (mostly).

You're convenient, really close to home and the coffee is really good. The bagels are good..they really are. So why do you have to cheap out on the amount of  ingredients in the sandwiches? Are you not making enough profit??? Come on, now...

I kinda stopped coming here a while ago because at $5.49 for a Nova Lox and Bagel I kind of want to at least have the bagel moistened with cream cheese  and have a couple more chips of lox on there with the 3 or 4 capers that garnish it. Ok, I might be over exaggerating a bit, but really, they go rather thin at this location. So I stopped coming here and would go to Desert Ridge to get my occasional fix.

Fast forward to present. Got a bunch of coupons in the newspaper and decided to give it a second chance, so have come here 3 times in the past week. Here are my experiences (note that experience #1 is going to be corporate, across the board and has nothing to do with quantity and everything to do with design and marketing):

1. Came in with coupon for new bagel poppers and coffee to enjoy on business road trip to Sedona. Poppers are featured in a cup with a lid leading one to believe they are an easy to eat finger food. DON"T BE FOOLED! The cream cheese poppers have a coating on them so slick that when you grab one between two fingers in explodes from your hand and projectiles into your windshield where it sticks and slowly slides off. Ok, not really, but seriously, I couldn't get them out of the cup, they kept slipping out of my fingers. I bought their self named car cup to only find out that it didn't fit in my cup holder and the first gentle turn I made out of the mall had the cup in my lap and me dancing in a seat of hot coffee. Add to that the aggravation that the guy taking the order wasn't sure how to ring it up because I got the car cup and....

#2  This actually went ok. Second coupon and things went smoothly, coffee good, bagel fresh and while cream cheese was a little thinner than what I like was adequate.

#3  Now today....ohhhh, today. I was ravenous...ate too lightly for dinner last night and didn't make it out of the house for breakfast until almost 10am. So, today's coupon is buy one bagel, get one free. Never thought about how much that schmear of cream cheese was until I had to actually look at the menu...$1.50, ok, times two bagels, 3 bucks, well, ok. Asked to have my two bagels toasted with cream cheese. First they come to me and inform me that they were out of one of my bagels. Ok. Then, when my order is called up the guy doing so makes fun of my name (my nickname is 'Cia, most think it very pretty, but it kind of loses its charm when the guy behind the counter yells out "Cia! [snicker] C-I-A!). Went to pick up the bagels and the cream cheese was scraped on sooo thin it was almost none existent. Complained...got a dirty look from the guy that spelled my name and the guy that took my order "informed" me that if I wanted it thicker I needed to ask for "heavy" when I placed my order...yeah, dude, uhhhm, I just wanted to actually be able to SEE the cream cheese on the bagel before I ate it. And the punchline? Get back to my table and it turns out one of the bagels wasn't even toasted.

Einstein's...is it so hard to get it right? One out of three experiences in a week's time acceptable is, well, kind of unacceptable.
Hrmmm im honestly surprised at the lack of 5 star reviews for this location. 
I have been stopping in here for 5 or so years and have never had one bad experience. 

I stopped in on Wednesday, got a bagel with schmear and a large hot chia tea latte. 

My complaints are that the drinks come WAY SUPER HOT and the bagels always come with so much cream cheese that I have to scrap some off. Seriously, and those aren't bad complaints, im just picky. 

The service is always outstanding and fast! I never have to wait more then 3 minutes to get my hot drink and bagel in my hand. 
Keep up the good work!
The coffee at this location is awful- please go get lessons from the lady at the Thunderbird and 40th street location.

However, the primary morning guy, Shawn, is awesome. He is friendly and chipper, but not so much so that he's annoying as your first human contact of the day. He is generous with the toppings and speedy.
Please for the love of God, don't microwave eggs.

If not for that, this review would be a 3 or 3.5 stars, but seriously, eggs don't like microwavization. Just ruined the whole panini egg sandwich for me.

The coffee was pretty good. They had a selection of 4 going from light to dark which is nice. Lots of places have you choosing between a full city and a french which is frustrating.

Service was very friendly, but a tad slow for the number of people that were working there. I think they were focused on a lot of large pickup orders, but when you sell bagels by the barrel, you should expect that.

Saw some people picking up said bagel barrels, they mentioned how their office would cheer upon their arrival and heap laurels and praise on their shoulders. They boasted that their upcoming performance review was assuredly positive with such accolades. I smiled at them and wished them the best in their fantasy worlds. 

Scottsdale methinks is full of fantasy in this desert oasis.
This location is a mixed bag.  The people are super super nice working there and Shawn behind the counter is very nice and a great asset to the store as he has a great attitude and big smile for everyone.  Jessie the manager is very nice as well.  However..... I seem to have some problems when I go there.  Not sure if it is me or a dark cloud over my head or my luck of the draw but I have had a number of times where I have had the wrong order when I get to my store.  Being that I own a business and I am there ALOT of the time by myself, it is not convenient for me to run back and fix the bagel.  The other complaint that I have is that (like a few above) I swear they are the cheapest Einsteins with their cream cheese.  For the love of God, PUHLEEZ put some cream cheese on the bagel where it is actually not just a thin veneer that soaks into the bagel so that by the time I get to my business, I have just a kinda wet looking bagel.  True, I get the bagel thins.. maybe they think I WANT a little amount of cream cheese or maybe they think I NEED a little bit of cream cheese?  Or is it that that is the way that those bagels get served?  it has happened sooo many times that I almost have given up hope that I will get enough on there.  Then I feel like a pig asking for more.  .. I just want a "normal" amount.

The one positive is that, even tho I literally go there every day, they never embarrass me like.. "hey, you again?".. and their bagels are good and they ALWAYS have the everything bagel which is the only one I get.  I guess I am a creature of habit.. lol.. 

I will still continue to go there as it is convenient but these are just a few things that if they changed them, they would be a great bagel shop.. :)
We are regulars at this location.  I love the staff (Michelle is incredible) as is just about everyone else. Yes, they microwave eggs, but they microwave real eggs (not the nasty egg food stuff) and everything there is always so fresh. As a bonus, they are very sweet to children and dogs.
Love Einsteins and the food here is perfectly fine as is the staff.  I discovered that this Einsteins is considerably closer to the one that I had regularly been going to so figured i stop by.

Staff was friendly which is good not necessarily as outgoing as the Einsteins I normally go to, I get this may not be important to everyone, but at 7am on my way to work a little laughter and banter is a nice pick me up.

I also get the sense they are understaffed.  The spot is not too large but the wait times have been longer then a couple Einsteins I have been to.

I absolutely would stop in again and their bagels are great.
Stopped there on my way to work.  The bagel I got tasted like dirty mildewed water.  I don't know if this was due to what was cooked in the toaster before or bad butter or what but it was truly inedible.  The only reason they don't get one star for this experience is that it is the absolute first time I have had an issue at Einstein's.
Been to several of these on other trips and they are always good.  Bagels were the same good quality but none of our three bagels were warm.  I got the egg sandwich and the cheese didn't even melt.  We will try it again on this trip and I'll update if there is any difference the next time.
Bagel sandwiches are just A-Ok - they are actually pretty bland.  I had the black forest ham, egg & cheese breakfast sandwich on a wheat bagel and I tasted nothing.  The bagels with schmear, though, on the other hand are pretty good.  They have the new pretzel bagel that my son ate - it was really good, but I did have to scrape off some of the salt that was overloaded on it.  Go here for the bagels and schmear, go elsewhere for the sandwiches.
It is frezzing inside and the service is terrible,gave away our order to someone else and then said it would be another 15 min and when we said no they only gave us a partial refund and made us pay for the coffee even thoug we were leaving .they need a lesson in the customer is right
Decent bagels when you are hungers.
My dislike of Einstein Bros Bagels is pretty obvious.  Just look at some of my reviews of other locations.  I only ate here because it was 7:30am, I was hungry, a bagel sounded good, and I had some time kill before an appointment just across the street.

Like any Einstein, the bagels are acceptable.  Nothing amazing.  Just good enough that I am willing to part ways with $3 for bagel and cream cheese without being angry.  That being said, it really felt like this location skimping on the cream cheese.  I'm also not a fan of the set up.  Not only do I hate waiting in line to order, then waiting in line to pay, then waiting for my food, but this location's toasters are in the middle of those lines.  When they call your name, you have to walk back to the middle where people are waiting to grab you bagel.  Couldn't someone take 3 seconds to talk toward the group of people waiting?

This location does have something going for it that I do appreciate; Friday Challah!  Great call by whomever was smart enough to realize that they're in a very jewish part of town.  I have no idea if it's any good.  I doubt I'm going to drive over to Einstein just to get Challah, but I appreciate that
Great bagels, yummy coffee. The people are awesome. I come for breakfast at least once a week!
oh my savior!  you're the best thing to happen to me today! and i had an extra horrible day traveling.  i was so lucky and so happy to fall upon this place.  so i look up at the menu- breakfast all day! hooray!  i had an ear to ear smile when i saw my options.  i got a spinach, tomato, and provolone omelet on a toasted sesame bagel.  oh god did that hit the spot.  tomorrow i'll have the veg-out sandwich!

waiting for my order, i saw the coffee station.  a row of coffee makers that had TIMERS on them!  fresh coffee!!  another slice of heaven today.  what can top this?  SOY milk can, and it did!! i had to try the neighborhood blend since i'm not from around here.  i've done my cultural duty. it was yummy.  

i totally scored!!  yay for me for finding this place.  (it's part of the hyatt, but i'm staying at the wyndham)
I've grabbed coffee and a bagel here before, but never tried their sandwiches.  Well holy good for me (I hope) sandwichness!  I had the roasted veggie on wheat, and yeah, it's got veggie schmear, and something that looked like cheese, but everything else was either veggie or hummus, and those are good for me, right?  Sure tasted good anyway.
Yum!!  Also, open til 8pm every day?!  Hallelujah!  I can actually grab something in this dead ass neighborhood on the weekends!  Plenty of other snacks to purchase and bring up to your room too - drinks, fruit, chips, and cookies.
This Einstein Brothers is in the Hyatt Regency Hotel in downtown Phoenix, which is across from the convention center.

I used to like to go to the North Scottsdale Einstein's up there, especially on the weekends. 

For those of you who know Noah's Bagels, Einstein's is something like that. They have usually about 16 or 20 different flavored bagels, and serve sandiches, salads, coffees and other beverages. 

They make a good Lox and Bagels, with your choice of bagel. They toast it for you, give you cream cheese and capers, red onions, and slices of tomatoes. I love this from Einsteins. I like it on the Asiago cheese flavored bagels. 

They also have their own ice tea blend, which they call "Spontenai Tea. It only comes in one size, has a refreshing tea flavor mixed with fruit flavors and ginger. 

They can make most of the specialty coffee drinks that  you find at that place with the little brown mermaid with no bra on. 

Refreshing! (The tea, not the the topless mermaid! That is somehow strangely semi-erotic. But it is all in the mind's eye, not reality!)

Service was good and friendly here, too.
I got breakfast here every day during my business trip to Phoenix. It's not amazing, but not bad.. I particularly like the blackberry lemonade...sweet and tart and refreshing mmmm. The employees were not very friendly, but that didn't stop me from enjoying my everything bagel with cream cheese and blackberry lemonade. :)
I love bagels with cream cheese.  Especially a honey whole wheat bagel toasted with honey almond cream cheese loaded on.  Yum.  My husband and I frequent this location as it is just a short bike ride from our house and it is a FANTASTIC place to people watch both outside on the patio and on the couches inside the hotel.  Their selection is a bit smaller than the normal Einstein's as this is one of their "Express" locations.  Also, as their website points out, the Express locations do not accept gift cards, so don't expect them to and only give them one star based on that single fact.  There is a bigger on on 7th st and McDowell if you want to use that gift card.  Anyway, the smaller selection actually makes for a speedier trip through the line, because those indecisive people you always get stuck behind have less to choose from.  The staff is usually decent, sometimes a little less than friendly, but never rude.  I always get my stuff quickly, and they've never messed it up.  If you are downtown and need a bite to eat and want a little entertainment while you are at it, stop by here.

By the way, this location is on 2nd St NOT Ave.
I admit, I lack excitement in my lunch hour.  If I eat lunch at all, its usually something quick, and boring.  Say hello to Einstiens.

Mind you, I have been to this location many times before.  Its located within the Hyatt Regency Hotel, and has street access to get in and out of.  No need to be a hotel guest just to dine here!

Anyways, the food at this location is the same as the others, but they tend to do more of a business/traveler crowd then the usual saturday morning crowds at a stand alone einsteins.

the food here is Okay.  Consistant, bland, and over priced.  They have a decent variety of bagels, cream cheeses, sandwiches and the like, but nothing memorable.  I usually go with some variety of a bagel and cream cheese...and tend to stay away from their overpriced sandwiches.

I find that Einstiens is okay, at best.  I usually end up here becuase its convienient.
This is my favorite Einstiens!  Not only is there hardly ever a line but the people who work there are great.  They always load up my bagel with cream cheese or my power bagel with pb&j.  They are awesome.  They have just as good of a selection as the one on McDowell PLUS they serve beer.  You really can't beat that.  It also makes for a great place to people watch.  Big 5-star review for the best Einsteins in town.
I really like this Einstein's.  Maybe it's because they work inside a hotel, but the staff here is so much more competent than some other locations.  My order is always correct and I never leave disappointed.  The breakfast bagels are good here and are a pretty decent value.  They are pretty consistent here, but sometimes I get a little shafted on the amount of cream cheese I get and sometimes my bagel is less toasted than I think it should be.  Otherwise, great location!
Oh goodness does this place ROCK with their coffees and drinks. Oh my, oh my!  They have a good selection of cakes, pastries, salads, paninis, sandwiches, etc if you're looking to grab a bite here. Einstein is also known as 'Noah's Bagels' in the West Coast and having had tried 'Noah's', I knew Einstein would be greaaat! 

I was feeling adventurous and ordered their mudslide smoothie. I got to choose a cookie from their cookie basket to add into the smoothie. It was creamy, rich and totally worth $5! I skipped the whipped cream, as it was already pretty rich for what it was. 

Our cashier guy was very friendly, too and an excellent barista who made an excellent drink! Kudos to Einstein's!
Saturday morning rush. I'm sure it happens every Saturday as hordes of conventioneers grab breakfast before heading to the airport. I understand a rush. I am also a generally patient person. (I am fine with waiting an hour or more for a table at good restaurants.) But...

When there is a continuous line of people between the order station and the register, half of whom already have their food and just want to hand over some money, you call for a second cashier. When you *are* the second cashier, instead of walking out of the back, looking around like Punxsutawney Phil on February 2, and then crawling back into a hole, you actually spend 10 minutes clearing the line. Maybe dedicate someone to making all the coffee concoctions people order so you don't have the one staffed register empty for 4 minutes at a time.

It took me about 15 minutes to get to the register, by which time my bagel was getting cold. I stood waiting for about 4 minutes as employees dawdled at the prep station, ignored the call for a second cashier, plodded through coffee orders, etc. The last straw was when a woman from the back of the line came up and asked for two coffee cups and an approximation of the cost so she could just leave cash... and the woman behind the counter (who was working on a fancy coffee order at the time) actually switched to the other register to ring her up! I was done. I picked up the register pen, wrote "Nevermind" on the order slip, set my overpriced bagel and expensive orange juice on the counter, and walked out. (Yeah, Einstein Bros, that was me.) If you don't want my money, you aren't getting it.

Instead, I am at Starbucks a couple blocks away. My order? A bagel, orange juice, and a banana. And all cost considerably less than what it would have at Einstein Bros.
So I get this Birthday coupon in the email from Einstein Brothers Bagles, I print it out with the hope of stopping in on my walk into work in the morning.  A free breakfast sandwich with the purchase of a drink.  

On the morning I make it in I showed it to one lady and she responds, "Oh yeah no problem, order your sandwich here and your drink at the register."  So I order my sandwich, bacon, egg and cheddar on an Everything bagle and move up to the register to order my chai.  
I hand the girl at the register my coupon too and in a whiney-sigh calls for the manager.  The manager comes to the counter and proceeds to tell me that they are a franchise and do not accept corporate coupons. 
HUH?!
To which I replied, slightly annoyed, "F*ck it I just ordered the sandwich give me my chai and I'll pay."  ...$9....it hit a bit hard for breakfast since I was only looking to spend $4-$5. 

Well back at my office I can say that I did enjoy my breakfast sandwich and my chai.  Would I go back?  Yes, but the next time my mind set will be different and I would be there with the intent of spending $9 for breakfast/brunch.
Awesome breakfast spot! Fast service, great ambiance and easy access!  It is located in the lobby of the Hyatt and is a great, easy breakfast place in Downtown Phoenix.
Let me tell you why Einstein inside the Hyatt is awesome.

During this years Phoenix Comicon we've been looking for places for breakfast and had no idea this was even inside the hotel.  We usually opted for Starbucks across the street.  

Einsteins really stepped up to the plate though.  During the day they usually closed at 2 or 3PM, but with comicon being in town they extended their hours til 8PM.  That's customer service for ya!

I complimented them for doing that and the staff couldn't have been more nice and excited to be a part of the event that weekend.

I give them 5 stars because their food is always awesome and their staff was just as great!
Eisnsteins is clean and efficient, but it has a sterile corporate atmosphere and everything's overpriced. It's one redeeming quality is the free refills on iced coffee via machine. It's neither good nor bad, just indicitive of corporate America's anti-personality parade.
Maybe the bagels are good, but i made the mistake of getting a chicken sandwich.. Yuck!
This place has some redeeming qualities.  One is the food manager Katie.  She helped me out and I can't thank her enough.  But what blows my mind is that no one, outside of the New York City area, knows what a good freaking bagel is.  You'd think Einstein was the shiznit.  They're not, but I wanted something reliable and I do like their egg sandwiches so I went in to order one while I was on conference (this is right across the street from the conference center).  

Anyway, I place my order, which was nothing too difficult.  Spinach mushroom and cheddar egg sandwich.  When I visited California in 2009, I had a good experience at an Einstein so I tend to gravitate though I think their bagels are shit.  I mean, hey, NYer here in the duh howse.  So anyway, I wait and the guy clearly got confused.  As it took me till I was in the conference room waiting for the presentaiton to start that I realized the ONLY thing they got right in the order was the type of bagel I wanted.  

Now, at that point I would have just taken it and eaten it.  But there was asparagus on it.  Homey don't do asparagus.  So I stormed across the street.  Honestly, I felt bad b/c they were very nice and I just had a bad food experience across the board so far in Phoenix.  I order something so simple and it got fucked up.

So I talked to Katie, the food manager, and she not only personally took care of it, she gave me a ticket to get a free sandwich and coffee on the house.  So I said, all righty then.  I took advantage of it, and while they ran out of spinach (seriously WHAT IS UP WITH PEOPLE IN PHOENIX RUNNING OUT OF GODDAMN FOOD IN FOOD SERVICE), they got my order right and it was delicious.  So in a snap, I know this is here.  But I probably won't be back here for awhile but thanks to Katie - she rocks and the Hyatt (which operates this franchise) should be honored to have her working for them
Convenient location in downtown Phoenix at the Hyatt Regency.  This place is consistently busy with convention traffic and the bagels are always fresh.
I ordered a coffee and they made coffee. There were different flavors and each one was good.
Service is always above average and the Asiago Turkey is great.
This location gets 1 extra star because the staff were pleasant enough. It gets low marks for two reasons. First, it doesn't accept einstein gift cards. Look, I understand you're a franchise location but you're still an Einstein's. As a customer I shouldn't have to figure out which Einstein's to go to if I have gift cards. If you hold yourself out as an Einstein's to get the benefits of that brand, you should take the burdens too, including taking gift cards. This is something headquarters and franchises need to work out rather than putting the onus on customers.  Corporate rant over.

Second, they forgot to toast my bagel. Still a decent bagel but I was really craving the toastiness. All I ordered was a bagel and a coffee. I'd be more forgiving if it was busy but I was the only person there. The employees outnumbered me 3 to 1. I had a small, simple order. Not as much leeway for mistakes in my book.
Great bagels! The location is a little difficult since its in a hotel and there is only street parking, but since its not too far from my house and they have the bomb bagels I will be back!
This place is located in the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Downtown Phoenix.  If you are working in the area or staying at this hotel it can be very convenient.  

I have heard that they do not accept promotional items here or gift cards at this location which can be a huge bummer, thus minus 1 star.  They will usually open on time at 6 am, but there are times, where I'm staring at the door for them to open.  I love the different types of bagel sandwiches they have available, and even lighter options too.  For example, the Swiss, mushroom and asparagus is delicious!  I do enjoy their lemonades, but they are kind of pricey.  Actually, everything is kind of pricey to me, but I keep coming back!

Overall, I will be back for more!  The staff is usually pretty quick and I love their bagels!  

(Belated) YELP REVIEW CHALLENGE #29/31
Their blueberry smoothie is soooo good! And so is their everything bagel and cream cheese plus they have tasty spreads and great lunch bagels like tuna and such. 

Their chai was good too and I'm picky! 

The staff was crazy friendly and bought my first meal there which was really nice! I just got a bagel and a smoothie but it kept me comin back everyday!
The staff at this location deserves 10 stars!  This location is in the Hyatt Regency Hotel, and has a very demanding clientele.  Totally understandable since it's a hotel.  However, the staff handled the traffic and impatient travelers like champs!  Coffee was flowing, bagels were toasting, and the line was smooth!  Great food, hot delicious coffee, and smiling faces!  Thank you for making me fast hot coffee every morning during my stay here!
this store is inside the Hyatt so it's not as big as a regular place - a couple of times they have run out of certain bagels or fillings when there have been conventions or other group meets. the staff can be a tad slow but again, it all depends on the number of people... my bagel with lox and shmear is always good!!! and there are a couple of nice comfy chairs and a couch - if you can grab it
I used to hate that Einstein's was the only bagel place on campus, cause i loved Bruegger's so much better.
I've since grown to enjoy these bagels more. The service here was usually pretty quick (sometimes you only have like 10 minutes between classes) which was nice. 

it's nice that it's located on the outer corner of the MU building, as it can get packed in that building, and it it's got it's own entrance and exit.
I went in on a slow day and asked to order one of their hot sandwiches; turns out it wasn't in stock. So I went with the Asiago bagel with a Sundried tomato paste. I wanted a drink, but all they had were some bottled Nantucket Nectars and orange juice; I went with the Nectar, which was too sweet for my taste.

After waiting ten minute for my bagel, I asked what was going on...they had forgotten my order. The server, annoyed, made me another bagel and it was out in a few minutes.

Even at first glance, the food looked utterly disgusting. The bagel's crust wasn't firm, but all soggy from the oils it was prepared in. The faux cheese topping was old, stale, and tasteless. But its the filling that got me. Not even a spread, it was a gooey, thick, oozing, sludge. When it arrived, I tasted a little of it on its own and quickly hoped that it would taste better with the excuse-of-a-bagel; a few bites of the bagel proved me wrong and made me feel sick to the point where I almost threw up.

Terrible food shouldn't be so terrible it makes you sick. I suspect their kitchen isn't as clean as it should be, or, that they get their food pre-packaged and delivered (from where they let it go stale). They'll soon be famous for poisoning half of Tempe.
So I went back today, hoping that my experience was a single bad incident. This time I stayed clear of their bagels and went for one of their Italian Grilled Sandwiches, which seemed decent. I secretly hoped that given the price at $7, it would be a tad better than the previous day's horror.

Unfortunately, even as I just opened the sandwich, my stomach screamed in protest. It was the same, gooey, prepared mess as before. The chicken (which wasn't even cut, so the two halves of the sandwich weren't separate) was tough, dry, and flavorless. The vegetables were overdone and gooey. I suspect the whole thing was made in a microwave because even the bread had lost its texture. Needless to say, after a single bite, I donated my meal to the trash can.

I stand by my last review; this place has got to be one of the worst places I have ever eaten.
Einstein has an interesting way of taking your order - instead of standing in line, making your order, paying for it, then waiting for your food to enjoy. They add another step: between making your order and paying for it, they make you wait again. Personally, I'm a 4 step kinda girl, so that extra 5th step throws me off a little. 

Every bagel I have ever tried here has been delicious! I wouldn't recommend the Bagel Poppers, after about 3 of them you start to feel like a damp sponge that has be left outside on a very humid day...not good. Don't get their hot chocolate unless you like the super sweet milky tasting coco - I prefer a stronger/bitter chocolate.

This location is always packed, but I have never had bad service - and I am a fan!
I have not been in for a while - what a shock!  The place is dirty, the folks working there can't say hello, turn away when you are at the counter.  Only coffee is decaf and some vanilla flavor, milk & half and half are empty, no sugar, counter is filthy.  Are you serious about selling those black bananas?
This is my favorite breakfast/brunch spot. Fresh bagels and different types of cream cheese.

They even have Bagel Thins for those who are cutting their carbs. 

You don't pay the person who took you order, but move down the line to pay for your food.

Their iced coffee are a great deal!! It's a 20oz cup for less than $3!
Every week I would have a coffee here before teaching class.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.   The restaurant is always immaculate and has a great environment for getting work done or socializing.
My coworker went here (the one in ASU Memorial Union)  for breakfast sometimes, so I decided to try it out too. I purchased a coffee and a brownie, the lady told me that she needed to check in the kitchen. Later on another guy came out and brought a brownie to me, he was telling to the lady that "this is the last one from......." The lady disrupted him immediately and quickly took my credit card. When she was making the coffee for me, she was talking to another lady in Spanish in front of me, saying that the brownie was a left over one and the guy was talking loudly, and how he should have not do so in front a customer....The whole mumble brought me doubts to this place. I don't know what left over food they would give to me or any customer again.
I have lunch here nearly every Tuesday. The staff are always friendly and Einsteins always has good food. It's a great place to meet people and talk. The patio is great, except in really hot or humid weather, which doesn't happen often (gotta love AZ weather!).
Service is slow and taste is inconsistent... They're always crowded and have a hard time finding my order...
This is probably the most unique you're going to get in the sprawling affluent suburbia of Ahwatukee. 
This little coffee and sandwhich shop is on the corner of 48th and Chandler Blvd, in an unassuming strip mall. the owners are associated with Tilt Gallery in downtown Phx, and they're trying to bring some semblance of an art community to this relatively uninspired culdesac of a village.
they often offer live music fridays, open mic night (with actually really good artists) and always have an exhibit on display, usually photography, but not only.
they have sandwiches, wraps and of course coffee. if you're in the area, skip the starbuck's that's right across the street and put your money where it does some good - a place that supports local art and artists!
actually found this amazing coffee shop by accident one day.  It is tucked away in a shopping complex, next door to Hooters and behind the waffle house on Chandler Blvd and 48th Street.  They offer free wireless internet, great coffee, and the staff is wonderful.  Dimetri, the owner, plays for the Phoenix Symphony and often you will find him playing his violin, usually on the weekends when I am there.  He has some great coffee to drink, and the staff seems to be educated on what to serve.  They seem to have food there of some sort, but I don't eat when I am there.  If I do, I stick with the bagels and the veggie cream cheese.

I would also like to state that this location is now holding Chess games every tuesday.  They are doing more and more events during normal business hours and after hours as well.  Please check thier website and with the staff for further info.
my husband and I would frequent this place in the mornings before work and order a couple of drinks and get their tasty breakfast sandwich. 
we haven't been here in while as we don't have as much time in the mornings.
The owners are really nice and they do good things for the art community.
The owner  is a member of the Phoenix Symphony.     He has met so many interesting people.   When you go in, make it a point to talk to him.    A unique neighborhood stop.  Not the drive thru Starbuck's experience.   Free WIFI.
OK, so I go in thinking I'll have a lite breakfast and a little something to drink. 

Cute place. 

I see the chalkboard special , it sounds good and was named after me. 

I decided to order the special and an Iced Dirty Chai Soy Latte. 
I am told they are out of some of the ingredients for the breakfast sandwich I wanted.........REALLY? 

Than why the Hell is it still on the chalkboard??? 

I just stick with the drink then, I watch her make it with a few pumps of the chai syrup? a whole damn lot of vanilla soy milk and a shot of espresso. 

I'm glad i passed on the food because after handling my money she proceeded to chop up tomatoes for previous customers order with unwashed bare hands, dirty fingernails and chipped polish to boot! 

Quite disgustingly unsanitary if you ask me 

As for my drink ..........to be perfectly honest, and you know I am..........I had a few sips and threw it away, $5 down the drain! 

There was absolutely no hint of chai to be tasted, it was extremely thick with a weird taste and their crushed/shaved ice does not do iced drinks any favors, unless maybe its water. 

I'm sorry, but for a place who copied the Starbucks logo into a spoof to put it down better hope they blow the doors off of them, and they DON'T!
This is a cute little place. I needed a lunch time sanctuary I could grab a bite to eat, a coffee and get my facebook fix since I work at one of the few company's who are still internet nazi's. I just had a bagel but the guy there was really nice and it was a cozy. I might try to find something closer to my work for future lunch breaks but this isn't a bad place at all.
Really good first experience, the americano I had was decent, as good as I'd expect from any similar establishment.

The real motivation behind the 5 stars was the service, I am on vacation in the area from WI and had a really good conversation with the waitress concerning things to do in the area related to the local art scene. They also had a small exhibit from a local artist which was a refreshing change of pace from what I'm used to seeing. 

It's got a lot of what I look for in a coffee house, not just coffee in coffee out, i'm likely to return before my stay is up.

P.S. I ended up returning since I drafted this review, and the waitress remembered who I was and even asked me how my trip went!  Thats a nice feeling
Headline: Service killed the experience.

I'm a coffee person.  I love coffee.  I love independent coffee houses.  So how does a coffee place get just 1 star?  One word - service.

We turned into the parking lot about ten minutes before the store closed.  I guess that could explain the surly nature of the barrista?  The milk had that slight taste of soy in it - causing me to wonder "hmmm - I didn't order a soy version of the latte.  What gives?"  I suspect that he didn't rinse out the jug.  The styrofoam cups were a definite turn-off.  The tables and chairs had all been pushed to the side.  This guy was just making sure he could lock up and leave right at closing time, rather than ensuring the coffee shop had - ya know - BUZZ.

Seriously - if you want a coffee, go to Starbucks, or even Dunkin Donuts (just round the corner from this place) - this place is a definite pass.
I'm kowtowing to the corporate oppressor and I'm just going to say it:  I have never had a bagel as good as one from Einstein's.  I wish I could say some independent deli had some amazing bagels that are comparable nowhere else, but I can't.  In my limited scope, Einstein's wins.

I'm a bagel purist.  I'll try all the different kinds, but a plain bagel with plain cream cheese will win with me every time and they do it best.  The bagels are slightly crispy yet chewy and the cream cheese is almost fluffy.  They are so good!  I love their asiago and garlic bagels as well, although my coworkers don't appreciate when I've had the latter as much as I do.

Their sandwiches rule, too.  I really like almost anything on challah, and their grilled cheese panini is deeee-lish.

Their salads, eh.  I'd stay away.  But, seriously, they don't advertise that that's what they do so I give them some leeway on that.

I love Einstein's.  I can't help it.  I'll go buy a briefcase now.
The bagels are pure love. Lunch paninis are amazing too. They even have doggie bagels. How cute! You can also get a bucket of bagels for the office - make sure to get a schmear or two.
FROZEN BAGELS!!!!!

Their "baker" comes in every morning at 4:45 and pulls the frozen bagels out of a box, puts them on several trays on a rack, and wheels the rack into the oven. 

This is not what real bagels taste like. Seriously, I'd rather eat Lender's from the grocery store. At least they're not posing as fresh.
I like the food. The atmosphere is... non existent. It's just a dinky place whose management must figure that college kids don't care about the environment they eat in.  The staff are always friendly and service has always been decent enough  (just slow to clean the tables sometimes is all), so my main complaint is I don't particularly like the design of the place.  And it's not even a major complaint since it hasn't stopped me from going back for a solo meal from time to time.
They have a pretty good deal for half a dozen bagels with cream cheese for $7 and some change. That's breakfast for 6 people for $1+ per person or two fat people like me. The bagels are soft and tasty. I do not know for sure if they are fresh because let's face it, this is not New York City. For a chain bagel shop. I give it four STARS.
I don't know why it took so long to get my order. Why it didn't come with anything on it, and why it tasted so bad. But it did. It was cheap though. So really I got what I paid for i guess.
I love bagels.  I happened to go into Einstein Bro's because I was in Vegas to party and had to go to the bank (which happened to be right next to the bagel shop).
I sent a friend in to get me an Onion bagel and he came out with a Plain because he said the onion bagels weren't ready.  
I thought to myself "they weren't ready, whatever!!"
So i contently took a bite of my plain bagel and realized why the Onion bagels weren't ready...its because they bake their bagels FRESH DAILY!!
The bagel that was consuming (like it was my last meal) was the best bagel I had ever had.  The crispyness of the edges (toasted) to the soft inside and covered with a generous amount of cream cheese! WOW!
Need I say more.?
I was so impressed ..that I woke up early the next morning to grab another bagel before I headed back to LA!  THATS HOW DAMN GOOD THEIR BAGELS ARE!!!!
When it comes to a bagel craving, or just a change in food venues from the drab stuff at school, I usually head across the street to Einstein Bros bagels. The lines are only really busy during the early morning rush and lunch. If you go between those times, you should be ok!

Try a breakfast bagel if your there for breakfast. They are certainly my favorite.
Near airport. Across from UNLV campus. Friendly staff
I was never really introduced into the bagel world until I moved to the east coast. The cold, inclement weather would drive me home, whence i would enter the basement and peak into the pantry. Starving my ass off I would grab one of those bagels you'd buy at one of those wholesale stores, in packs of 50. I would devour the vaguely "fresh" raisin bagel and immediately head off to mop floors or start an MIT problem set that would be due the next day. These were the kind of bagels that kept me alive while I succumbed to the masochism of the Boston/Cambridge college life. The bagels I would eat after a horrendously brutal crew workout. The poor bagels earned a dark, treacherous connotation, a symbol of my entrance into the brutal nature of adult life.

Freshmen year ended, and flew off to Las Vegas, NV to begin a fellowship at UNLV. Couldn't ask for a better job; great professors, new friends, cool dorm, and being surrounded by restaurants. However, waking up in the morning got no easier. Luckily, right across the street from campus, conveniently approached by a lighted crosswalk, lay Einstein Bros. The 1920s-ish fresco art looked familiar. Wait a second, this was the same shit they sold at the Costco in Somerville, in those wholesale bags!
My first real experience with a fresh, wholesome bagel came in the form of a cinnamon raisin with a strawberry shmear. I expected the same crappy shit my fraternity would buy during those torturously long house meetings. But when I took the first bite, I was like "Oh my fucking god!" I was immediately enveloped in culinary estasy. The cream chesse melted in my mouth; the bagel was a heavenly assertion that I had met higher ends of life. 
It only got better. Honey almond wheat with an almond shmear. I wanted to freeze that point in time and live in happiness forever. Even better with the hazelnut coffee. 
Do not forget to come here on your debaucherous resort getaway to sin city. Good stuff.
If you're lookin for good bagels and yummy flavored stuff to smear all over it this is the place to be.

It is also the only place I have ever been to that f**cks up my order EVERY TIME. Maybe it's because I always order to go, or I have bad timing; whatever the deal, I'm tired of it. I always tell myself that I'm not going back but their bagels (when they give you the right one) are good damn it. And so is the orange juice. I don't even like orange juice.
3.5
for an egg sandwich bagel the prices are a tad steep. ~$4.50
they are good but nothing special.
the egg is really thing and the sandwich is a really small portion.

but i liked my egg, cheddar, ham on jalapeno bagel.
it wasn't too salty.
the bagel was chewy, just the way i like it.
Meh... Bagels are alright, but not great.  They often end up feeling stale after toasted instead of crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside.  As others have stated, prices are pretty steep for what is offered.  I have tried the drip coffee twice, both times the "medium" roast more resembled muddy water than coffee, lacked flavor.  In a bind, a bagel and cream cheese from here is fine, keeps my stomach from growling, but if I had another option within a five minute walk of my office I'd take it.  Gets three stars because the customer service is usually quite friendly.  Food gets 2-stars.
I really love sandwiches and beagles, but this place has really ruined the thought of it for me.  Besides it being overpriced, the sandwiches are either overdressed with a spread or has too much veggies and not enough meat! Don't get me wrong I love veggies, but meat needs to balance out the flavor in my mouth.  I'm not a vegan for goodness sakes!
Arrrghh! Why do you constantly disappoint me Einstein's?! And why do I go back?

I guess the answer to the first question lies in the fact that I go to Einstein's expecting to be treated like an individual ordering MY individual bagel, with MY individual tastes at least somewhat considered. The very first time I had Einstein's was at this location on Maryland Parkway, in fact, I've never been to another Einstein's, so my impression of this franchise is based solely off this one location. 

I have never ordered one of their bagel sandwiches. I have always ordered bagels with cream cheese, or as they like to refer to it "spread". The first time I ordered here I realized when they put cream cheese on a bagel they PUT CREAM CHEESE on a bagel. It's more cream cheese than bagel. Lesson learned - ask for less spread.

I have been back multiple times and I have always asked for LESS SPREAD. Yet constantly my bagel comes to me smeared and over-loaded with spread. Maybe I'm asking too much? But come on! I believe once I ordered the bagel with the spread on the side. Now thank goodness, that's a good idea because then these over-zealous bagel ruiners don't get a chance to get their cream cheese explosion guns all over my poor little bagel. 

Now to answer question number two. Why do I go back? I guess it's because of the *bagels*. They have a great selection and the bagels themselves are delicious. I also enjoy the fact that you can order a coffee and go back to refill it as many times as you please. The fact that it is at least somewhat close to where I live is convenient for me. 

But... still, when a customer asks for less spread and I don't get it, that's unacceptable. There are three people working behind the counter typically. The person who takes the order should be able to communicate to the other employees what the customer wants. I suspect there may be a break-down in the communication here. Because if I ask for somethin specifically and the person taking the order even repeats it back to me correctly... what happened in between the time I placed the order and I received it?

But I digress. Until I find a more convenient place to get my bagel fix on, Einstein's it is.
Great place to stop by in between classes. 

I'm a huge sucker for bagels and pretzels. I almost cried happy tears when I saw they had pretzel bagels. A combination from culinary heaven! Bagels aside, they've got good free Refill coffee, the people that work here are nice, and it's quick. 

If you're an avid bagel-er, theyve got punch cards for you.
Einstein brothers can never go wrong! Bagels are always delicious. I absolutely love the everything bagel and their selection of fruit cup and juices. I am especially a fan of their "buy a drink, get a snack free" deal that goes on at the end of their day. Wish it was 24 hrs!! Always a good service too. For a bagel place, I can't expect any more.
Gross and overpriced food.  If you just want a bagel and one of their signature cream cheese spreads you won't be disappointed.  But don't even bother with their "microwave" menu.  Got one of their egg sandwiches and it was a soggy mess, and cost 9 bucks with a little fruit cup.  

Staff is very aloof and slow, mostly lazy unlv students.
After a long dry run of not desiring bagels I was out and about this morning very early without having had anything to eat. By the time I got around to listening to my stomach talk to me for an hour I decided I better feed it and I decided on a bagel.

Now, my first review of Einstein's was not very good because they tend to tick me off with the amount of spread they put on their bagels. It is also super corporatized and I feel like a "cog in the machine" when I get bagels here. But I digress - I keep coming back out of habit and probably laziness in finding a better bagel place.

Today I was much happier with my meal. It was simple: regular coffee, jalapeno bagel (toasted), with plain spread on the side. My order came out fast, even though the line was long and the coffee was piping hot and good.

Einstein's gets a kick up to A-OK for me. I'm not saying I'm a fan though.
5 minute walk from my office on campus.
Low-calorie options that are filling!
Super nice older gentleman behind the counter who is liberal with the compliments.  ;)
Cookies.....
Doesn't break the bank.

Closes early on Fridays.  :(
I have never had a problem with the numerous amount of times I have been to Einsteins. It has been one of my life's food missions to discover the best Everything bagel. I like many varieties of bagels but the Everything bagel has always been on the top of my list and so far Einsteins has the best one. Besides their delicious bagels, they can make anything with them. Pizzas, sandwiches, breakfast sandwiches, etc. It is like bagel heaven. They also have great salads (chicken is not dry) and a variety of drinks. Their apple juice and lemonade is quite thirst quenching. 

The atmosphere is great and the overall staff there is pretty decent. And who does not enjoy a place where breakfast is served all day, but you can also get lunch as well as dinner because they are open late during the week and have non-breakfast items as well. Oh, and I almost forgot about the different smears they have for those who just like a good bagel with cream cheese, onion and chive, smoked salmon for you fish lovers, garlic herb, sun-dried tomato, and my favorite, strawberry. There are more I am sure, but those are the ones that kind of stand out. I love variety! Don't you?
Food is not bad. Service is lacking. Everytime I go, they always seem to be rushing me or they're just rude. It's close to campus and convenient though. It also opens earlier than most of the food places surrounding it.
Man, this place is strange to me. 

First of all, they have a ton of different kinds of bagels. Bagels with toppings, with things in them, in sandwich form... whatever. And they're all good, sure. AND they have like 20 different kinds of cream cheese. All Wins, right? So why is this place three stars? 

Price. It just doesn't make sense to me that I could order a regular bagel, a bagel that has stuff like a sandwich, and two drinks and spend $15. That seems pricey to me considering the food was good, but not $15 good. 

I'll probably come back to this place again, but it won't be my first choice for eating in the area.
I had a pepperoni pizza on a garlic bagel. Price is a little too much for what it is but it was pretty good. Its what you would expect from a pizza bagel. The potato dalad is the bessssst. Pretty light. And the chocolate chip cookies are good when soft... Make sure you get it from in the window, not the register because its old.
First off, I used to eat these bagels up all the time when I worked in a real estate office (you could never be your goal weight at a real estate office- and I worked at three of those offices), that is until I found out that each one was about 500 calories! So then, I'd just have half of one, and the other half at another time. These bagels are super soft (not hard like the supermarket brands). My favorite was the cranberry one; blueberry was my second choice.

I had gotten two gift cards over Christmas (total of $20), and so we came here for lunch on sunday. I got the turkey panini (spinach, bacon, tomatoes with onion & chive shmear) and my husband got the turkey sandwich, everything bagel (sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, tomato with onion & chive shmear)- you can also customize these sandwiches to your liking (didn't know that when we ordered)- many different shmears and type of bread. My husband chose the cheddar sun chips as his side, while I chose an orange (also, apples are available). Both sandwiches were really good; yes, we split them. When my husband asked which one I liked better, I couldn't decide, I liked them both. (Check the site for nutritional information.) 

There's also egg sandwiches, snacks (similar to Starbucks), and coffee, oops, almost forgot about the many different bagels- classic bagels (plain, everything), bagel-thins (plain, everything, honey-wheat), signature bagels (blueberry, cranberry, sesame seed, cinnamon sugar, chocolate chip, etc.), gourmet bagels (power bagel, six cheese, dutch apple)- 24 types in these categories, bagel poppers, and bulk bagels (popular for offices). 

There were a lot of people dining in when we went inside, but when we were seated, the crowd diffused (popular place). You order it (right side), pay for it (left side), and take your seats; someone will bring it to you when it's ready (toasted and warmed). Coffee and drinks (free refills) are located to the left of the restaurant, facing UNLV and Maryland Parkway. Clean location. There were three people working here. Bathrooms are toward the other entrance/exit doors. Upon entering (to your right), there is an adjoining door to Wells Fargo Bank. This location has been here a while (located in an ever-changing strip mall); strategic placement across from the university ensures a steady customer base.
Best place for Bagels in Las Vegas.  Located across from the UNLV Student Union which not only creates a fun atmosphere, but also keeps the joint busy.  I enjoy meeting here with my employees for semi regular staff meetings.  Free wi-fi is a plus, but I usually have trouble connecting.

I love the pretzel bagel.  Toasted pretzel bagel with regular smear (cream cheese) is enough for me.  There are many choices of bagels to choose from as well as cream cheese toppings.

Einsteins has quality all you-can-drink coffee as well.  This location has two coffee competitors very close by, but neither of those other "coffee shops" offer such good food, specifically breakfast while keeping up with a great cup of joe.

I would suggest not ordering the Chai Latte or any other specialty drink.  Keep it simple and enjoy the quality bottomless cup of coffee Einsteins offers with your bagel.
I love their bagel sandwiches here especially for breakfast.  Their coffee is to thin and I don't really care for it.  Their service is always very very nice.
Even though the food was...ok, I am giving it 1 start because of the terrible and rude service I received...on my birthday!! I ordered a turkey wrap, and I wanted the tortilla and the turkey to be warm, shouldn't be so difficult right? Well, what I got was a somewhat warm turkey and a cold tortilla. When I went to the girl who made my wrap she gave me the worse rude attitude ever. She actually raised up her voice and told me that if she warmed up the tortilla it would make the vegetables "disgusting" and then she walked away, he name was Krista. Krista must be the worse employee with no brains ever. It's not rocket science to warm up the turkey and tortilla, then add the cold vegetables after. I DO NOT recommend this place because of their horrible customer service. I had such a bad experience I felt the need to write to management, hopefully they do something about it because it is employees like Krista that give this restaurant a bad name.
While staying in Vegas, I woke up one morning to find that my bf had picked up bagels and caffeine for breakfast.  There were about 6 different varieties in the box - I sampled all of course - and thought they were all scrumptious.  The bagels were perfectly toasted; still soft and chewy, just how I like.  He also bought 3 tubs of schmear (cream cheese spread); reduced fat, strawberry, and honey almond.  The honey almond was by far both of our favorite.

My usual fat-free latte was surprisingly pretty good.  He didn't comment on his coffee, so it must have been satisfactory.  :o)

If you're looking for yummy bagels, I would definitely recommend this place.  I myself prefer spending superfluous amounts of calories on dessert.
After far too long spent in the post office across the car park from here bagels sounded like the perfect solution to ending the ever growing louder grumbles emanating from our stomachs.

It was quiet inside but there were still a couple of people waiting around for their orders. There looked to be plenty on offer but the ever-trusty combination of bacon and egg won me over. My wife picked something else, but her being a vegetarian it did not have bacon in it and therefore was of no concern to me and I promptly forgot what it was. While ordering my eyes wandered over the assorted delicious looking treats on offer and without even thinking about it a container of pumpkin bagel poppers somehow ended up on the counter before me. 

The wait for our food seemed to be quite long, which I hoped meant that the bacon and egg going into my bagel, and shortly my stomach, was going to be fresh. Once we got our bagels they were quite delicious and filled the bagel-sized holes in our stomachs nicely. The pumpkin poppers were quite good too, a little sweet and sticky, but worthy of going back for more.

I'll probably never be in the same area as here again, it's a little far to travel to the post office here again from Australia, but just in case that does happen I'll head back here for a quick bite.
Ok food. This location is not very clean. Dirty soda fountain, dirty bathrooms, dirty floors, the place needs a deep cleaning and a more detail oriented  staff
Einstein Bagels is always a stop for me when visiting Vegas. The staff was friendly and very quick to serve us. I rated this a 4 simply because I look so forward to it and felt the Everything Bagel was a bit light in the pants with regards to seasoning. I will definitely be back though, as they typically produce an incredible bagel.
I eat super healthy and this place has healthy options! I love the bagel thins and the turkey chili is amazing.
Einstein Bagels is a nice place to go and get a quick breakfast.  They have great bagels and sandwich's to choose from.  It was my first time coming to Einstein's.  

The atmosphere was great and they had free Wi-Fi, also the staff that was working that morning where really friendly and helpful.  I had the southwest Turkey-Sausage Egg White sandwich and it was pretty good and spicy too.  

If you are ever in Vegas and looking for a place to eat that is not to expansive you should head over to Einstein Bros.  It is just a couple of miles off the strip.
I love coming to Einstein Bros! I'm on the UNLV campus frequently, and I always tend to forget to eat in the morning, so I like to drop by Einstein's for bagels, coffee, or if I'm feeling really hungry a breakfast sandwich!
Friendly staff and quick paced.
In addition to a variety of bagels, they have lot's of cream cheeses to pick too! They have breakfast sandwiches which I have to say top McD's breakfast sandwiches anyday!
When you order coffee its self serve. You get a cup and select what coffee you want from the side. 
This place is also a great place for a quick lunch or snack. 
If you're feeling down on fuel, do drop by Einstein's!
Omg.   It was like Tuna salad hold the tuna?? Lol.   I went here after class today.  I was never there before.  I ordered tuna on a toasted and scooped out bagel.   They did not toast my bagel and if I had not left my phone in the car ! I'd have taken a photo of my bagel that had a drop and I mean a drop of tuna on it!! I hope all their locations are NOT like this one.   Two people help you.  The cashier.  Nice guy and the sandwich maker who gives you no Tuna and seemed as if she was unhappy and did not want to be there.
How these people keep up with the volume they're expected to handle is beyond me, but they do it. Tasty, fresh bagels, good sandwiches - what else could you want for a Sunday morning breakfast?
I love their bagels and sandwiches. This place can be a hit and miss with service. They at times can be really slow, maybe some organizational training would help.
Bagels are wonderful if made properly, the girl with long brown hair is a B****
they don't wash or use gloves after working with money,i've already called the health district on them, nvr will go back
I stayed at the hotel right next to Einstein Bros and had breakfast there everyday. My bagels were always delicious (I tried a different one everyday). They have the basics but also "gourmet" options as well. I was hoping to grab lunch there one day too, but we were never around for lunch. Their menu looks really good though!  My husband also said their coffee was "darn good" as advertised =)  Staff was prompt and friendly. I'd recommend this place.
Undercooked bagels?! Yes, they do. I consumed a bite and noticed my bagel wasn't cooked. Their site made lemonade tastes like they used tap water instead of purified filtered water. 

When I asked to return the items they made the process unpleasant and didn't apologize. 

Customer service and quality is lacking. Either they need to get it together or shut it down.

I will never walk in these doors again.
Went in for breakfast at 8am and the line was out the door. They got our food pretty quickly so I can't complain. The only real negative is that the tables are right on top of one another and it got relatively loud. The food was yummy and I was told the coffee was good as well (but I didn't have any so I'll have to take everyone else's word for it). Love the new holiday flavors as well. Cinnamon Sugar Cream Cheese on an Apple Cinnamon Bagel was heavenly.
As a certified carb addict, bagels are tops in my book. In need of a quick lunch option, this place is good for the most part. Food was standard, but like most restaurants in the UNLV area, they get packed and are slow as molasses as far as service.
Some interesting characters who work here for sure. Just keep an eye out on how they prepare your order. If you stand on the left side (by the condiments) you'll have a decent view of this. I ordered two toasted bagels with cream cheese, orange juice and a coffee. Everything seemed fine and well prepared, except for the coffee. The coffee there was terrible! They're coffee pots sit where the condiments are, and all 4 or 5 of the pots (different blends) tasted like hot dish water. However, it looked like coffee, but then when you put cream in the cup, it turned into apple juice. 

That gives you the direct indication that who ever prepared the coffee, did not put enough coffee grounds in the filter. Not a big deal to just ask them to brew a new pot, but it becomes annoying and frustrating when you're in a hurry like I was. 

They receive a high volume of college kids every day since it's right across from UNLV. And because of the high volume, this explains that the quality of their items may slip from time to time. They're fault or not, just go to a different Einstein's for better coffee. Or better yet, Starbucks. (Always a good makeup)
Love Einsteins but do not love this location.  Employees are a bit scary and the food prep area appears dirty.  Won't come back.  Wish they could get some help.
Ok fuck this place. I ordered a lunch sandwich and underneath "lunch" on the menu, it says that all lunch orders come with a side of your choice. When I got back to my car I realized the kid behind the counter never asked me what side I wanted. So I went back in with my receipt and the kid told me it was a typo and it didn't come with a side but the asked his manager (a woman with a foreign accent) who was extremely rude to him yelling, "so what did you need? What are you asking me!?" And the kid simply asked her if I could just have the side figuring that's exactly what it says on the menu. The manager, piece of shit lady, then looks at me and asks me "what exactly I wanted!?" (Mind you she was extremely rude to me) which my response was to her was if I was inconveniencing her and all of the sudden she turned super nice but it was too late because she had already pushed me right into bitch mode from her being so rude not only to her employee but to me as well. I grabbed a bag of chips and stormed out. This was the worst experience ever to where I got into a yelling match at a manager. That lady is a straight up cunt and I'll never go back. I feel sorry for the employees there that have to deal with her on a daily basis. Will definitely be writing to corporate.
The bagels are okay, some are actually tasty.

The "schmear" (flavored cream cheese) is way too sweat for me.

The coffee is some of the worst I've ever drank.  Extremely watery, even the dark roast, tainted with stale flavors, and too expensive.

Their sandwiches are overpriced; thin toppings and not very satisfying.

And if it looks like you are walking towards UNLV, your car might get towed by the property owners (although I haven't seen this happen lately).

They like to put "Darn Good" on everything but I just say "Darn".
My last trip and I do mean last trip to this Einstein's I was treated to several of the staff TWERKING around the place. And the ones who were not twerking were laughing like crazy. What has happened to this place
I'm not certain where to start but to state, what once was a good (not great) place for a coffee and a bagel has gone to put it mildly "to hell in a hand basket"!!!!  Several months ago the long time manager (Maria Horta) left.  When casually inquiring why she left and how she is doing, I have been provided answers from "fine" to "what do I care, she got fired here".  Extremely unprofessional to say the least and that came from the manager on duty.  The overall cleanliness of the establishment is deplorable most of the time.  The bagel selection especially after 11:00ish is suspect and the care in preparing your order is non-existent.  I have been frequenting this establishment for about five and a half years.  What drew me to this establishment originally and kept me coming back was selection, consistency and most importantly when you walked in you were greeted as you came in the door and over time began to feel a bit like family.  After watching the decline of quality and service over the past several weeks this is the straw that broke the proverbial "camel's back".  On my last visit I went in and ordered two things, a cinnamon sugar bagel toasted with nothing on it and a Dutch Apple bagel, toasted with honey almond cream cheese on it.  At the time I ordered it there was more staff behind the counter then there were customers in the store.  What I got was a cinnamon sugar bagel toasted WITH plain cream cheese on it and a Dutch Apple bagel toasted with garden veggie cream cheese on it.  Two items ordered, both wrong.  I took them back up, again explained my order and was assured that they would make new immediately.  They did, one correct and the other yet wrong (untoasted).  When I pointed it out to the manager (might have been a shift supervisor) she appeared to be upset with me over their failure to prepare my order as directed.  When did we become companies that feel that customers are interruptions to their day as opposed to the reason for their day?  Having owned four small business that employed over 70 people I am aware that the customer is not always right but at the end of the day they are the customer and have to be treated acccordingly.  If there were a lesser rating I would certainly give it in this instance.  Conversely Starbucks is delighted by this turn of events because myself as well as several other customers are now their customers not because of better quality, better pricing or better customer service rather as a result of the lack of these things at this Einstein location.
This place used to be customer friendly and the food pretty tasty.  Well, I don't know about the food anymore because the last few times I came in, I waited, and waited, and waited for someone, anyone to take an order.   The people who work here should all be drawing unemployment; GENERALIZING????  Yes, I am because it happens every damn time I walk in the place, they are either mopping, talking, or no one is around except for the cashier.  I don't have 10 minutes to waste standing around watching a menu and not getting any service.  The food is overpriced anyway, if it wasn't for UNLV and the poor starving students who have got to eat, this place would be closed.  And finally, it is filthy....no more wasting my time with Einstein's here.
The bagels here are as good as they get! They make  bagels the real way, in-house everyday from scratch. The cream cheeses are all made in-house too and are delectable, they have about 10 different types. The lox and lox cream cheese are my personal favorites. The bagels are deliciously moist and chewy with just the right amount of toastiness. They have homemade muffins and cakes, as well as the standard espresso and coffee drinks.

They also offer half-price bagels to-go during the last hour they're open, between 1-2 PM. The inside is well decorated and the owners are super nice and accommodating. Definitely worth checking out!!
My husband and I were in Mesa running an errand and were absolutely starving. Driving along Power, we didn't see any sandwich/lunch places except for Subway, so when we saw a sign for Kokobelli Bagel Cafe, we decided to stop there. The place itself was small - maybe 7-8 tables - and decked out in some very colorful Ikea decor/accessories. At the beginning of the line, there were bins with fresh bagels sorted by flavor and some bags of day-old (and discounted) bagels. 

The woman who took our order and rang us up was super-friendly and reminded me of one those down-to-earth waitresses in a neighborhood diner. She took our order (3 different bagels with cream cheese and a bagel sandwich - we were hungry, ok?!) and repeated it all back. We took a seat and waited just a few minutes for our order to be prepared. 

Some of the highlights:
-The texture of the bagels (not too dry or moist)
-The cheddar bagel (not too greasy)
-The spinach and artichoke cream cheese (like someone took the ubiquitous dip and successfully made it into cream cheese)

Some of the not-so-great parts:
-The blueberry bagel (the blueberries were fluorescent blue and tasted like the kind in blueberry muffin mix)
-The honey walnut cream cheese (overwhelmingly sweet; almost tasted like frosting)
-The breakfast bagel sandwich with salsa, cheese, egg, and sausage (the sausage and egg were cold and kind of flavorless)

I definitely give this place props for being a local bagel shop that still makes their own bagels and cream cheese. However, some of the flavors could use some work, and fresher/more natural ingredients would probably do the trick in a lot of cases.
I really like this place, good bagels good service! BAD cafe mocha! I will stick to Starbucks for that!
Right down the street from my new job, this place is an instant hit with me!  I love the bagels, remniscent of East Coast bagels.  I love the service, complete with attention to detail (repeating the order back to me and reminding me that cream cheese costs extra) and friendliness (smiles and eye contact all around!)  I sat on a comfy red couch in the back by the window.  There's a shelf full of books and games by the sofa and two comfy chairs.  I love this place!  They also have great specials.
great place had the lox cream cheese capers onion tomato open face bagel,polite service, nice setting
Hands down the best deal in the Fiesta Mall for a meal. For 6.99 you get a whole sandwich off their menu of great choices, a side of pasta salad,potato salad or bagel chips, a drink  AND a choice of brownie , cookie or crumb cake. Actually there were more choices for the dessert but all I had to hear was crumbcake. All fresh and made on site. They are new to Fiesta Mall so make sure you come out and support them. They are family run and very nice. Stop by and see Freddie, he's very cool and will make sure you're happy!
Just to clarify, this place is NOT in Fiesta Mall like someone else stated. It's on Power Rd. and Southern in Mesa. 

I went back to this little bagel place after a two year absence. It had been so long mainly because if I had gone back any earlier, my husband would have killed me. His wheat & dairy allergies meant no more bagels for him, and for a die hard bagel fan, that's hard to swallow. In an act of solidarity I held out as long as possible.

On a day before Christmas, I was running some errands & thought I'd pop in. The first thing I noticed was that they had changed the interior slightly. The menu was stark and ugly. They had painted deals in the window reminiscent of a fast food restaurant. I suppose everyone has to attract business and maybe I'm a snob, but I found it tacky. 

I got an everything bagel toasted with lox cream cheese. It came out on one of those cardboard type red and white trays, you know, cafeteria school lunch style. They used to have little plastic trays with tissue paper. The presentation was definitely nicer before. 

The lox cream cheese didn't have as much lox in it as I remember. While the bagel tasted the same, they clearly didn't toast it enough because it came out virtually cold. It was doughy without an ounce of warmth. I was so disappointed. 

One of the workers informed me they had changed owners when I inquired but all the bagels were the same. I'd suggest if you go, to ask them to double toast your bagel. Maybe that would have made mine taste better.
there are very few bagel places out in mesa, other than a couple of einstein's (not a big fan although their cream cheese is delish). kokobelli is a complete gem. i think their bagels are better than chompies because they have personality! chompies bagels are technically superior, but honestly i feel they're a little boring! 

kokobelli has more exciting flavors like asiago, cinnamon crunch and french toast. they also have a baker's choice bagel of the day. today's bagel was jalapeno pepperjack. i ordered it toasted with veggie cream cheese, and it was the BEST BAGEL OF MY LIFE. it was sweet, spicy, chewy, doughy and crispy all at the same time! i've had some amazing, authentic bagels back east, but this one takes the cake.

i'm sitting here wondering if they're still open, so i can pick up a few to take home. yummmmm!
Wasn't sure what to expect as far as a bagel shop in this neighborhood, but I was in the mood for a bagel and thought I would give it a try.  I was very pleasantly suprised.  Excellent bagels and cream cheese, dare I say on par with Chompies.
Very good bagels but the place is a bit pricey... after it is a ball of dough not diamonds..
That being said these are the best bagels I have had in AZ and yes better than Chompies!
Really good breakfast bagel sandwich! I got the westerner, egg with ham, bell peppers and onions along with pepperjack cheese on a toasted wheat bagel. I asked them to add a little cream cheese and they charged $1.25 ... got home to find no cream cheese dang it!! Great sandwich nevertheless.
A bit pricey for a bagel place. But as they say you get what you pay for. Since this is a one-of-a-kind gem with all the unusual flavors of bagels and cream cheese I'd say go here often if you wanna splurge. If not, then stop in early and  check out the discount basket.
I really like this place. The bagels are not just dough, they are truly tasty. I love the lox sandwich with capers simple yet very fulfilling. The 1/2 dozen bagel deal with cream cheese is awesome. It's a great place for breakfast. I reminds me to the San Francisco Bay Area bagel places.
I think these guys need to change their name to "Bagel and Sandwich Cafe". I don't understand why all the reviews written so far are only for the bagels when their sandwiches are awesome!

I've eaten here twice now, and only had the sandwiches, but they are soooo good. Hearty, filling, great quality ingredients, and while not cheap, prices are comparable to, say Paradise Bakery, without the fuss and with some freebies. If I want cheap, I'll eat off the dollar menu at McDonalds or something. 

So far I've had the chicken cashew salad sandwhich (cold), and the roast beef with red pepper something (jam?) panini (hot). 

The chicken salad is a refreshing mix of chopped crispy veggies and tasty chicken in some kind of dill mayo dressing. I don't know if there's a little yogurt added to the dressing, it didn't taste like just mayo and was itself very flavorful. The sandwich bread is a hearty focaccia which tastes like it could be fresh baked, but I'm not sure if it is. It's certainly better than store bought focaccia and most other sandwich places I've had. 

The roast beef was very tender, delicious. The red pepper was a little understated...it wasn't large pieces of roasted red pepper, which is what I was looking for, but something more like a caramelized red pepper and onion jam. Even though it wasn't what I was hoping for, it was still very good and not a reason for complaint at all. The bread was crispy in all right places....oh.....sooo goood! The portion of sandwich filling is generous in both...while not New York deli portions, still more than enough to satisfy.

The sandwiches are served w/ bagel chips instead of potato chips. These might sound healthier, but probably have a lot more calories, but taste so much better as they're soaked in butter and seasonings. I also got a strawberry banana yogurt smoothie which was excellent and you could really taste the fruit and yogurt. Somehow, getting the sandwich, and I think any kind of drink, is considered getting a lunch special, so they'll throw in a dessert for free! I've had the brownie and crumb cake. They were both delicious...moist and tasted freshly baked, even though I doubt they were. 

Anyways, I doubt I'll ever actually get a bagel here, but if I'm in the mood for a satisfying lunch, this will be a go to place.
Generous portions.  Homemade.   Courteous staff.
Bready bagels, not real bagels. Egg sandwich is terrible!  The egg tasted like dishwater!

This place make's Einstien's Bagels seem like geniuses!  And I'm no fan of chain-store bagels.

Stick with Chompies or Back East Bagels in Tempe for something more bagel-like, and a good breakfast sandwich.
Excellent place to grab a bagel and cup of coffee. I have been going there for years. It is a pleasure to be greeted by name. Keep up the Great job.
I'm all about the Sunrise on cheddar w/ turkey sausage. Great selection of fresh made bagels. Good deals on day old too. They need salsa to offer with the breakfast selections
My favorite bagel shop!  They have a great selection of bagels--my favorite is the cheddar.  But where they really shine is with their spreads.  Every spread I have tried has been outstanding.  They are chunky and you can tell the ingredients are fresh.  I hate spreads that puree the ingredients and you can't tell they're there.  Here, the veggies in the garden spread are thick cut and identifiable.  The tops is jalapeno spread!  Yum!
Great tasting coffee!  I had the Westerner bagel and it was very, very good, along with the mini blueberry muffin which they added as a free goodie. Since I travel for work in Mesa quite often this will be my new coffee/bagel hangout.  There is outdoor seating which is nice.
The most delicious lox I ever tasted, and the bagel tasted like they made it after I walked in the door. Delicious! Wish they had a Facebook page.
NUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! More than just bagels! My family and I enjoyed amazing breakfast sandwiches and splurged on some chocolate eclairs! So good!
This place amazeballs. 

Tons of different FRESH bagels, and a nice assortment of bagel sandwiches. Oh, and a few different cream cheeses also. 

Honestly, it's a bagel shop, and they do it well. I wish there was one of these places back home. So, since there isn't, I just have to go there everyday till I leave to head back home.
This place has the best bagels I've ever had! The everything bagel with jalepeno cream cheese and ham toasted is amazing. Also they sometimes have a jalepeno cheddar bagel that will knock your socks off. The BEST in the valley.
Bagels are good, clean and relaxed atmosphere. Customer service is meh. Owner waited on us, no smile, welcome or thank you. When your order is ready, they call out your name leave your food on the counter and walk away. No "Can I get you anything else? Thanks for coming in.... nothing" Missed opportunity to make first time customers want to return.
Bagels are awesome!! Staff is great. Salads, not so much :( The lettuce was all brown, slimey & wilted under the chicken that was placed on top. Very disappointed especially since I spent $9 on a salad & drink & couldnt even eat the salad. Everything else there is great, I guess they should stick to what they know
Excellent food!
I love the bagels.As an ex-LIer I don't think anyone can match the original...but this est. comes close!   I feel bad when I buy the baker's dozen...they can't produce like a franchise so pre order to lessen the guilt!
I came in here after finding them on Yelp. I wanted something different from fastfood breakfast. So I came here with my son and we got the special. half dozen bagels with half pound cream cheese $8.99. Was Really Good, My Favorite is the French Toast bagel. The Asagio was spot on too. The Garlic Bagel was a bit too salty for me to handle. My Wife liked it, I guess I am just sensitive to salty.lol But not only they had good bagels, but the customer service was Great. The guy at the counter was friendly and helpful. I will guarantee come back again, maybe next saturday, I wanna try there other cream cheese's. They also sell soup and sandwhich's and other pastries. 
The Restaurant was clean and it wasn't crowded.Smelled wonderful with all bagels cooking.
Moved here from NY. I haven't found a really good bagel yet in Phoenix. This place is better than most.
Absolutely love this place! Has a large assortment of the most moist and tasty muffins around. You can tell the bagels are fresh and soft. Their hours are 6am-2pm so you can swing by before work and grab some breakfast on the way in. Very friendly and have always provided great service. Try it for yourself it is worth the stop. www.kokobellibagelcafe.com They have Bagels, Pastries, Sandwiches, Salads, Soups, Smoothies and Coffee. (Located North/West Corner of Power Rd & Southern)
This is such a good breakfast place. My favorite is the lox sandwich. It is super tasty and it is a generous portion. It comes with a sweet treat to clean the palate after the savory bagel. Sometimes I buy the half dozen bagels and small jar of their cream cheese which I really recommend.
One of my favorite bagel places. Usually I seek out einstein bagels but this place has a lot of bagel sandwich options that most bagel places don't. Great option if you want a little bit cheaper breakfast than a brunch restaurant.
Best bagels in the valley. My favorite is smoked salmon on an Asiago bagel add capers!!
They are making their own bagels and the coffee is always very good.
Walked in on a Saturday looking for a good cup of coffee. The staff was really sweet & the coffee was pretty good.
I like this place a lot and come here often. They always give a lot of cream cheese (my favorite part) and their bagels are big and fresh.  I typically get the onion or the blueberry bagel with plain cream cheese and it never fails to make my morning.  I've had the lox sandwich once too and it was really good, so I definitely recommend that as well.  Service is great and fast, great variety in bagels and sandwiches.
Short, sweet, to the point. This place has bagels, and they're cheap, and you can get stuff on em. Quick and friendly service, yummy bagels, lots of cream cheese. 
Nice weather so we sat on the patio. My husband said his egg sandwich was not quite as good as others he'd had. But, for the cost, awesome breakfast. Yum.
Cute little bagel shop! They have free wifi, delicious bagels, good lattes and frozen coffee drinks and they make their own cream cheese too. The asiago bagel with jalapeo cream cheese is really yummy! And my daughter loves the chocolate chip bagels. It always has customers and it seems to do good business. Staff is friendly and the outdoor patio has comfy chairs and tables to enjoy your food outside. 
Oh and they also have sandwiches and breakfast bagels for those looking for more. Would definitely recommend!
Good bagels and great variety of bagels and cream cheese. Sandwiches are good and plentiful. Always busy. :)
Great friendly staff and even better food. A must try! My son had the French toast bagel with maple raisin walnut cream cheese and he said it was heaven!!!
I love stopping here if i have time before work.  The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because a few times that I have placed orders to go to bring to work, in which my friend/coworker likes to eat her sunrise with meat sandwich with jelly/jam and they charge you at least 1.25 extra for that mind you, forget to give me that jelly!  So once i get to work thinking they were being efficient as ever, they were not.  Only disappointment I have.  They have the best breakfast sandwiches using their bagels are made for each other especially if you order the cheese bagels in substitution for their onion or whatever else.  

They are not my favorite bagel of all time but they are the second in line in Arizona.  They will have my continued business if I am in the area.
Really popular place - the line was out the door! 

Even though they were busy and I had lots of questions they didn't rush me and were really friendly.

Service was pretty quick too.

They make their own cream cheeses - you have to try the Bacon Scallion, it is SO good!

Nice breakfast sandwiches and mini blueberry muffins!
Love this place! Great bagels and sandwiches and they are always quick as I frequent here for lunch while at work.
I can't say enough good things about this place. The staff is very sweet, the bagels rival those I've had at home in NY, and the prices are right where they should be. If you're looking for a great breakfast or brunch place, look no further.

Overall, A++
The lox sandwich was DELICOUS. Cream cheese, soft, fresh bagels, lightly toasted, tomatoes, capers and onions. And the older lady working the counter was the sweetest lady ever! I will be back
The first time we came here everything was great. I had an asiago bagel with spinach and artichoke cream cheese. It was absolutely delicious. The smoothie was also good. It took a while and they ran out of croissants for my moms sandwich. The service was great though so I would have given this place 4 stars. 

Today was not the same story. We came in around 11 and nearly all the bagels had ran out? Like really? Are choices of bagels were basically jalapeo, garlic, and cinnamon raisin. Almost 10/15 of the bins were empty. I was forced to get. Garlic bagel with spinach and artichoke bagel. The bagel had way too strong of the garlic. Basically it was completely covered in dehydrated garlic stuff. I had to take it all off an I'm actually a massive garlic fan. There was so much garlic it was almost bitter. I don't know if I will be back. It seems like a waste of a drive if they run out of bagels so early
This is an incredible place. I have been coming here for 4 years. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are incredible. I love the free mini muffin!
I can't believe people actually choose to come here.  I came out of necessity.  And I don't plan on going back.

The system that they have is ridiculous....one guy takes down your name and order and passes it on.  The next person prepares your order.  And another person rings you up.  Then you sit and wait as all the people behind you get their bagels first.  I think "plain bagel toasted with cream cheese" threw them for a loop.  I mean why not get Dutch apple with walnut honey cream cheese?  If you want a pastry go to a bakery, not a bagel shop.

Anyways, seeing as everyone was clamoring for them I thought that maybe I would be getting a good bagel.  It was truly awful.  It was so mushy and chewy...there was no nice crisp outside.  There was no yummy fluffy inside.  It was just round chewy bread.
Awful!!! Why am I waiting 20 minutes for a bagel! Everyone should cross the 101 and got to Big City Bagels!! They have friendly, FAST service. Support local business owners! Einstein's made me wait 20 minutes and then they gave me the wrong bagel!!! I blame the owner!!!!
Incompetent and rude staff.  They make you wait 5 minutes just to take your order (without even acknowledging your presence).  Then they make your bagel wrong.  The last thing anyone who orders an everything bagel with chive cream cheese is an everything bagel with honey almond cream cheese.  Gross.  They argue with you that the incorrectly made bagel is correct.  They make you wait longer for the new one.  They do not even offer the common courtesy of a simple apology for wasting your time.  That was my first experience.  The second experience, I asked for my bagel to be toasted twice.  I saw the girl toast it once.  When I asked whether she toasted it twice, she yelled the toaster is broken-I can't toast it twice.  What?  Why is it my problem the toaster is broken?  And she had not toasted it twice.  The gentleman in front of me advised me to leave if I had not already paid because he had been waiting 20 minutes for 3 bagels.  These people should not be working with the public and even worse, probably could not answer - what is 2+2.  There is nothing complicated about toasting a bagel and treating customers with common courtesy.  This comes from someone who spent 10 years working in the restaurant industry.
I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about. The staff at this location are friendly to me. The service is fairly quick as I've gone in at varying times throughout the day. I love the everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. The steak, egg, and cheese bagel was a huge disappointment. It was pretty bland and tasteless. Stick with the bagels and cream cheese. As for the customer who waited 20 minutes for a bagel, I don't have the patience to wait that long for a snack.
I love Einstein Bagels but this location is completely unorganized.  Empty bagel bins and cream cheese fridge, coffees empty, milk/creamer empty. I called in catering order for next morning pick up. They did not pay any attention to the types of bagels I requested... unfortunately, I didn't find out until after I left... While waiting for my order to be completed, I ordered bagel and coffee for myself.  Had to ask for coffee cup three times, they forgot my bagel order so I had to remind them.  The cashier was friendly but person who seemed like the manager was a joke. He didn't have time to fill bins, coffee, etc but he had time to go outside and chat with buddies.They made sure to take care of friends who skipped the line and went around the counter to get freebies.  Definitely my last time at this location.  BTW... they were not very busy. maybe 0-3 people in line the whole time I was there.
I don't know why I bother anymore, honestly. Their bagels are good and all but they need some quality control on their specialty coffees. I asked 3 TIMES for a hot pumpkin spice latte and not only did I still end up with it on ice (I took it as is because they were busy and I was in a hurry), but it was also disgusting. Way too sugary for adult taste, in my opinion. They need actual trained baristas. They can't even make a proper macciato.
Friendly Staff, Always Quick. Im in and out in under 5 minutes in the morning.
Painfully slow service here and then discovered they got our small, simple order wrong.  Staff not very polite either.  Won't be back.  Much better bagel place on the other side of the highway by Four Peaks brewery.
We order bagels for my office on a semi-regular basis so I have a working relationship with the catering manager and pick up our bagels from this location. The ordering process is super easy and the pick up was quick and the gentlemen even took everything out to my car for me. I didn't realize that Einstein and Noah's share some similarities, but I was stoked to find out because the chocolate chip coffee cake is to die for. Luckily it wasn't in stock when I stopped in or else I would have been in trouble
Got a big order for a group, ordered it at 8am. They said they wouldn't be ready until 1pm, but called us at 11:30 and told us to come to pick up. Not a great judge of time, apparently, but thats fine.

On the website, my Lox + Cream cheese should have had sprouts, cream cheese, tomatos, cucumbers, capers and a pickle, but my sandwich was missing the sprouts, the cucumbers, and the pickle. This made me sad, because I love pickles.

So, not sure what's going on here, but this was the case for all of the lox orders -- if you are going to provide a description on the website for what we can order, please abide by it. Otherwise, the sandwich was tasty and the service was fast because they were empty when we got there.
The staff here is extremely polite and courteous. I haven't been to a Einstein bagels in years I completely forgot how delightful the food is here. I ordered two bagels which only took about 3 minutes to make. If your looking for some fast service I definitely would recommend this place.
I haven't been to this location in awhile and I was appalled at the state it is in! The bathroom looked like a truck stop. The floors and tables were filthy. Even the prep area was an unorganized disaster! I mentioned to the manager about the state of the restroom and he didn't even apologize, he only half-heartedly offered to take a look himself, as if I was pulling his leg or something!
I don't know what happened to this Einstein's but it's completely fallen apart. The inside dining area is always filthy and they are consistently out of several kinds of bagel. Some of the staff are nice but the majority of the staff are rude and useless. I contact the manager about the lack of common bagels like everything, sesame, and raisin, but never received a response in return. Nor did I see a change in the store. If you like Einstein's bagels you are better off going to the location on 90th & Shea.
Just wanted 2 dozen bagels. Usually they have the grab and go. They told me to wait off to the side while they prepare the boxes. While waiting, I noticed they helped the 3 people behind me before I finally said something and received my order. Service was good, just note that it may take you some extra time.
They get a two for being open crazy early (5:00am) when I need breakfast on the way to work. 

But at that hour the staff always has music to their taste playing loud enough in the house to be heard on the back. The woman at the counter screamed three greetings to me as I approached the counter, none of which I could hear over the pop song on loudspeaker.  Had to yell my order to be understood. Then had to wait getting a headache from the loud music while the counter help screeched three times for a cashier as she threw my order together so sloppily it was totally unappealing. Not a pleasant experience at all.
This place is pretty much an abortion. I've been here twice now, once for a quick coffee stop (mediocre coffee), once for lunch today. What's up with them basically whispering your name when your order is ready?

The highlight of my meal (which was actually made correctly, but I had to confirm that my order had chips...they were about to let me pay almost $9 for a veggie sandwich and not take a side) was watching a guy stroke out on a manger after basically everything in his order was wrong.

Word to the wise, you have to know the menu and pricing system better than the staff here.
Bagels are always good. The nova lox bagel was on point.  The low cal egg white sandwich was fine but not remarkable. Nice casual way to spend a Sunday morning chilling with the family.
You know it's family run when you hear the staff arguing with each other behind the counter while little old dad is slowly wiping each table, grinning happily at you as you sink your teeth into one of their bagels.

Can't help but grin back, gloppy cream cheese on the mouth or not.

Empire is a humble little place offering fresh bagles and cream cheeses.  Does it compare to Einstein Bros?  I do love Einstein's, and they do have more to choose from, but since there isn't any by me, Empire Bagels is the next best thing.

Bagels are that perfect combo of crisp and chewy goodness and deli meats are cut on request.  Cream cheese helping is extremely generous.  The chicken salad is not too mayonnaisey, with big chunks of white meat.  You actually taste the chicken, not the celery.  One chicken salad bagel will run you $5.75 including a little pasta or potato salad.  The most expensive bagel will run you about $7 and has the works.

Great fresh bagel place for the west valley with an irresistably cute New York flair.
Erm, this place is closed or out of business? I went there yesterday about midday. All I saw inside was a painter's bucket and a couple of office desks. Their website says they're "Now Open!" but unless they've moved (there was no sign indicating this) the place doesn't exist.
out of business.

this was a great place to get food...
I beg to differ, dude.  Here on holiday and let's just say, Chompie's is better than the average chipotle lovin, brain boiling sad excuse for a seafood restaurant place in BFE (AZ)!!!!

I've only been to this one location and from the taste of it, it was one of a kind!  The first time we went I got the latkes (yum, best ones I've had that weren't home cookin) and the second time I went for the hot pastrami sandwich (so good)!!  The bread was a little soggy, so if you go for it, do it right and ask for the bread to be extra toasty...  Overall, good place.  I wish we had a nice reasonably priced jewish deli where we lived!!
Big new york style deli with sandwich meat stacked to the ceiling. We both had fired chicken salads but one of them was supposed to be the BBQ chicken salad. Our waitress was kind and apologetic and offered us free desserts but after having the generous salad plate we were stuffed. We also ordered the deep fried chicken pockets which are served with a thick gelatinous congelled gravy and fried onions... NOT good.
It is nice that it is close to APS and next time i will try a sandwich.
I had fairly low hopes for Chompie's given the far-from NYC location and its Applebee's-like appearance. However, each trip there has been met with success. I don't eat red meat, so my choices are somewhat limited. Nonetheless, my Turkey Reuben and Chicken Liver sandwiches have been excellent. My friend who has gone there with me has indeed ordered red meat sandwiches and has been satisfied as well. The guys even have Dr. Brown's sodas including the infamous Cel-Ray (tastes like Sprite at first then comes the celery flav).

Although the complimentary pickles seem to vary in quality, and the waiters can be slow and sometimes clueless as to the ins and outs of the menu, Chompie's has been a solid addition to my restaurant cycle.
Dude.  They have Dr. Brown's Cel Ray.  'nuff said.

This place is an oasis; I don't care how cheesy it looks.
There's really something for everyone at this Tempe kosher-style deli, which attracts a lot of ASU students and families due to its close proximity to campus You can get crepes, lox and cream cheese and herring along with pancakes, grilled cheese, a BLT or meatloaf. The choices seem endless and the menu is almost intimidating. And the prices? Cheap!
It just would not be a trip to Arizona if I didn't stop at Chompie's for their Yummy Stuffed French Toast (please note- "Yummy" is part of the name, and not a descriptive adjective added by me).   Today, I decided to break tradition and get a sandwich, instead.


Oh why, oh why, did I not order a half of a sandwich? 

The portions are ridiculously huge, here.  But you have to remember that the prices fit the portions.  I don't think this is the cheapest place by far, but you do get what you pay for. 

Considering all of my visits to Chompie's are always 6+ months apart, I can't really comment on the service. In my memories, it has been hit or miss, but mostly hit.  And, like everyone says, the decor is a little cheesy, but this place is worth a visit.
After ten years of Spring Training in the Phoenix area, my dad and I have scaled back on the exploration of new breakfast joints. Chompies has a great menu, friendly service, and the food quality is consistently good. It's no DZ Akin's, but it's the closest thing we've found in our many visits.
This Chompie's location is perfect for a post-workout meal... especially if you're competing in one of the races that takes place at Tempe Town Lake.  The menu is huge and there is something for everyone.

Some of my favorites include the fitness omelette, (egg white omelette with turkey, spinach, mushrooms, green chiles, and tomato, topped with fresh parmesan cheese and served with fresh fruit salad or cottage cheese plus a bagel); french toast, matza brye, matza ball soup, bagel and lox, and huge yummy salads.  I could go on and on but it's better if you just go check it out yourself... and portions are big, so it helps if you work up an appetite first!
.  
****There is sure to be something for your sweet tooth as well - homemade fresh cookies, cakes, pies, and more!
Chompie's is an easy 5-bomb.  I would be embarrassed to tell you how many times I have been here, it's probably in the hundreds and I have tried just about everything I had any interest in eating. The Breakfast Chomp-adilla would probably be the favorite, just a glorious, gluttonous way to begin a morning (or early afternoon). Portions are huge and it seems like everything comes with a bagel and cream cheese on the side if you'd like it. The deli sandwiches are huge and high quality.

Also tough to beat the waiter named Mitch, who is just the prototype New York sarcastic wiseass, and who might be the funniest guy on the planet without even trying.
My new favorite place to eat breakfast!  Despite the parking lot being packed, we were seated right away, served great food, the man was able to watch some football, and I had plenty of people watching to do.  

Finally, a flexible menu, none of the same ole'. 

Big servings, definately splittable, and the cake looks wonderful.  Next time, we will grab one on the way out.  

4.5 stars.  All that's missing is crepes.
This is the legitest bagel joint in Tempe... 

Lox and Bagel all the way baby.
I was in the area doing some shopping, and both my man and I decided it was time to eat. Unfortunately it was only 10:30 AM so we needed a place that was open early. Chompie's it was. I've had both their breakfast and sandwiches and I hate to rate it so low but honestly, I just don't get it. It's all Eh...alright. It's very standard deli food, definitely nothing mind blowing. I think the fact there's an actual deli in Tempe gets people excited more than anything, because there's not a whole hell of a lot of deli/restaurants around. 

The menu IS huge so there's a lot to choose from. They have a wide array for breakfast and a lot of healthier options. Unfortunately I've always left feeling like it wasn't worth the money. I got one of their chicken sandwiches and the chicken was overcooked, dry, and the grilled vegetables on top were soggy. I've had the pastrami before, and while tasting okay, it wasn't super-juicy and melt in your mouth. I'm obviously spoiled.

I've been to some outstanding Jewish and Italian deli's in LA- namely Langer's and Philippe's in the heart of downtown. There's so many good delis in the huge metropolises, but not so much around Phoenix. Sorry Chompie's, you just don't do it for me. I like the bloody mary's and pickles though!
This was a tough review for me.  I wanted to give them higher marks, really I did.

I went in with low expectations.  I've had Jewish food on the east coast, OK?  Things were looking good right off the bat.  We were seated and water and a tray of pickles appeared as our tushes hit the cushions.  My lovely wife picked up a pickle, crunched off a bite, gave a surprised expression and said, "Not bad.  I'll be the Jew-judge."  She is Jewish, after all.  Fair enough.  I thought the pickle was pretty good, comparable to some I've had on the east coast.

That's where things started to go awry.  It took between 5-10 minutes before anyone came over to get a drink order.  We ordered several items to share.  My wife and I shared a corned beef sandwich and fries with gravy.  The kids shared matzo ball soup, blintzes and a latka.  I ordered coffee.

The soup came first and it was very good and authentic.  Coffee?  "Oh, right."  My water has been sitting empty for a bit.  The rest of the food arrived pretty quickly, and my coffee arrived.  Water?  "Oh, right."

The blintzes were very good, especially the cheese.  The corned beef was good, it passed muster as authentic.  Fries?  Good.  Brown gravy?  Fine, but it had an odd flavor.  Latka?  Very good.  Water?  "Oh, right."

"Can I get a refill on the coffee?"  "Oh, right."

The prices are high.  The sandwiches are available whole or 1/2.  $13.xx for a whole corned beef is a bit high, but it is big enough to share so that's a plus.  One sandwich and one order of fries was enough for 2 adults.   The fries were $4.xx  

Coffee?  "Oh, right."  I don't appreciate having to ask for every refill 3 times.  I would probably write it off to just one server having an off day or something. 

In summary:  Good kosher-style food, a bit pricey.  It will hit the spot when I'm craving a corned beef sandwich.  The service was spotty.  So what may have been a 4 star review has been knocked all the way down to 3 stars.  

Coffee?
There are (at least) two items on the menu that pass the test at Chompie's ~ the corned beef sandwich and the matzo ball soup. They are both worth the visit, although your waistline may not thank you. I get the half corned beef with a side of the soup, and I'm in Jewish heaven. Although several folks have mistaken me for Jewish, I am unfortunately just a boring Gentile. However, my Jersey roots appreciate Chompie's.

HELPFUL HINT: If it's not a traditional Jewish food, don't bother ordering it at Chompie's. Their menu is full of "American" food items that they don't execute very well, not surprisingly. They need to trim down the menu by 2 pages!!
Chompies is always a nice treat for me, any time of the day.  I finally made it over to this location and carried out a sandwich on Sunday.  I thought the service was a little slow here, and I don't know if its always that way, or just the fact that I was in there on a Sunday night.  So, they lost a point for making me wait, and wait, and wait some more.

I'll say this.  I like Chompies.  I don't think thier bad.  But, for some reason, I don't think thier all that and a bag of chips.  I think thier the best Arizona can do for good traditional Jewish food.  I would take my parents here in a heartbeat, being the Jewish girl that I am.  And belive me, I grew up eating all this stuff and more, so I can tell you that I am a pretty good judge.  I think this is the best the Valley has to offer so far, for being close to Jew food.  I just know its not the BEST Jew food I have sunk my teeth into.
I have partaked here many times. I dismiss the pickles in the tray that they deliver with the h2o.... What stands out for me is the LARGE amount of food you get, both at breakfast, lunch and dinner..

The Pastrami.. The best in the valley. It is always moist, tender and flavorful, especially on an Onion roll and a couple slices of Provo.. The Maple Turkey sandwich is ok, but can be dry.  I also love the Jewish Penacillin aka Chicken Noodle Soup.. 

For Bfast I would suggest the pancakes, they are freakin HUGE and tasty. I prefer the whole wheat ones with a touch of cinnamon. 

I would eat there more often if they only had Coke products. Pepsi is flat and for wimps!
I came here a long time ago when I was an undergrad, and I remembered liking it, but that was before I knew about Yelp.  Luckily, I swung through on Super Sunday to reminisce about my (recently) passed college days.

A group of friends and I (4 total) rolled in to grab a quick breakfast.  They have a counter besides the sit down area where there is a "Rush Hour" menu.  "Rush Hour"!  That must mean they get that shit ready fast!  Or it's for pairs of Asian and Black detectives?  We guessed the former.

So my friends and I each get a bagel sandwich.  Nothing very fancy.  It was like eggs, some veggies, and a little meat in a bagel of our choice.  No sweat, right?  It really wasn't even that busy in there (no line, everyone getting seated immediately).

So we sat.  Wandered.  BS'd.  Ogle'd a couple hungover girls stumbling in.  Normal stuff.  But we didn't see shit going on.  Nobody looked like they were preparing out "Rush Hour" sandwiches.  We waited.  We pinged the manager, and he said they would be on their way out.

After a half hour, three of the sandwiches came out.  Of course, my sandwich wasn't ready.  Must have been chopping up all those bell peppers...those little guys are so tough!  Or perhaps they were curdling the cheese as I waited!  5 minutes later, my sandwich got there.

My friend brought up the fact of how long it took to make.

Pat: Hey, what's up with taking over half an hour to make these simple sandwiches?
Manager: Not really, it was like 15 minutes.
Pat: No, look at our receipts.  They're timestamped.  Look at the clock now **It is past 1/2 hour now**
Manager: Ok.
Pat: That's it?  What kind of response is that?
Manager: **no response...perhaps thinking about how he hates life?**

And that was it.  And the sandwiches sucked.  And they gave us the wrong bagels.  Awesome.  And them damn things cost like 5 bucks.

In summary:
-"Rush Hour" menu is bullshit.
-Can't get basic orders right.
-Manager's a jerk.

I can't speak to how the sitdown area is.  I enjoyed it a long time ago.  But I wouldn't ever go back with what a letdown this past experience was.  Even if the manager had said "Sorry about the wait", I might have wanted to come back.  I wouldn't even want my money back.  But he basically was like "What the fuck is your problem?"
Have a second home in the Phoenix area and was looking for a good Jewish Deli.  Found it!  They even have my favorite soda,  Dr. Brown's Cel-rey diet.  Yummy flavor.  Good soup and Pastrami sandwiches.
we are regulars here; we eat here almost every Sunday morning.  Great breakfasts, and they don't bat an eye if you want a Patty melt for breakfast, either!  I've had just about everything on the menu with the exception of stuff like pancakes and waffles, which I don't like, so I can't say if they are good or not.  what I CAN say is, portions are huge.  bring your appetite and be prepared to take some home.  when you read "Mile-high Sandwiches" on the menu?  take that literally.  pastrami sandwiches stuffed with so much thinly sliced meat you can barely get your mouth around it. beautiful stuffed cabbage. Bountiful Nova plate...   sweet potato fries.  don't leave without checking out their dessert selection.  we almost always leave with a loaf of dense rye bread or a bag of delicious day-old bagels.  enjoy!
Made it back to my old college stomping grounds after a several year hiatus, and all I gotta say is Chompies, it's good to be back! Why oh why did I stay away so long??

Went there for lunch the other day with the always lovely Gabi K., after I was hit with an insatiable desire to have breakfast for lunch.  We arrived at 12:30 and the place was pretty packed but we were seated right away.

Now, I should probably fess up to the fact that I have been ordering the same exact thing at Chompies for 8 years now, and see no sign of switching any time soon, because it is perfect.  I get the greek omelette with American cheese, an everything bagel, and hashbrowns, and it is an instant party in my mouth.

Gabi ordered a soup and salad combo (which I didn't even know they had since I never get past the breakfast page) and it truly looked delicious.  Seriously looked like one of the better looking salads I've seen around Tempe.

In the business of full disclosure, our waitress did falter with both of our orders.  She forgot Gabi's soup and she did not make the sub to American cheese in my omelette as I requested.  Neither of us are difficult diners though so we rolled with it and continued our gabfest.

What really pushes Chompies over the 3 star line for me is all of the extra goodies in and around the display cases in the front.  Black and white cookies? Check! Real, authentic chocolate rugelach? You better believe it!  And my personal favorite, acutal Wise brand Cheese Doodles!!! Not Cheetos, of Cheese Puffs, or any of that knockoff crap, actual delicious, heavenly Cheese Doodles, my favorite snack of years past when I lived in the Northeast.  You wouldn't believe how difficult they are to find in AZ! 

But not to worry, I can get them every time that breakfast for lunch craving hits, and I almost always do.
I went for breakfast with a couple friends on a Tuesday morning at about 9:30am.  The restaurant was busy but we were seated right away.  The service was superb and the food yummy.  A friend and I shared some dish with chiles and potatoes and eggs and avocado on top.  I am so glad we shared... plenty of food for two.  I love that bagels come with the breakfast.  I am a fan of bagels!!  Mmmmm...  Everything in the bakery is so pretty and delicious looking but I was to full to think about taking something to go.  Maybe next time.
Chompies offers my personal favorite fish and chips in Arizona

For breakfast I have really enjoyed the  Teh Bobka French Toast, it is amazing with a extra kick with the Bobka sprinkled on top. I have always enjoyed the personal service even when the place is crowded, and expect lots of people all the time.  

I can't forget  the Lox and bagels its as classic as it gets.

happy Eating

The menu is very large just like the location in Tempe.
Love love love their bagels! Sesame and whole wheat are the best for sure!
The veggie and veggie lite cream cheese are amazing! Very flavorful with slices of green onions and carrots, it's my favorite on top the sesame bagel. The blueberry cream cheese is also a treat, it tastes freshly made and not fake. Bagels are large and the perfect texture of chewy and crunchy (when toasted!). Deli is very fast so picking up a bagel takes only minutes. I've eaten here for breakfast as well and they have a nice selection of goodies. Their pickles are also top notch. Mmm I often miss Chompies!
Not great compared to a good deli, not good when you factor in the price.

It was soon after moving here from Los Angeles that I found Chompies.... being a regular patron of West Coast heavyweights such as Langers, and even Canters, I was hungry for good deli food and thrilled... at first.  

Their food is "meh" at BEST and WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY overpriced for the quality.  If they charged 1/2 the price they do currently, this place would be 4-stars.. but don't come up in here trying to charge Langer's prices and serve up Schlotzsky's quality. 

Next.
Chompie's is the restaurant I receive gift cards to for birthdays and Christmas.  Chompie's is gold in my opinion.  The Jewish sliders, the fried matzo balls, and a 3.99 traditional breakfast Monday thru Friday really put this place over the edge.  The bagels remind me of brueggers, the perfect hardness on the outside and softy and doughy in the middle, and the selection of types is never-ending. This place really is outstanding, If I were promised to not gain disgusting amounts of weight, I would eat the BBQ brisket sandwich everyday, juicy and tender.
As close to a real, east coast deli as you'll find west of the Appalachians. Delicious sandwiches, egg creams, etc. Pricy, but kids apparently eat free in summer, so we kept it at 5 stars.
eggs bene w/chedder cheese on the the top??? holindase w/NO flavor, pancakes were good suryp was flavorless ,service was great I usually get bagel w/lox it's the best  ...........great deli
I'm basing my review on my one experience there with a Pastrami sandwich. The pastrami was very good. I enjoyed the sandwich, fries and pickle very much. The price was reasonable.. 

The service was average.  We had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated, but we were also there during a peak time.

My wife and her friends go here quite a bit and they always enjoy the food, with no complaints.
We go here most every Friday morning.  Sometimes packed with college kids, but they behave themselves for the most part.

Breakfast weekday special is eggs with potatoes and a bagel.  It's a winner at a great price.  

Wait staff is attentive and keeps the coffee hot and the soda cold.  

Free pickle platter too!
Straight up bad arse!  Pickle spears for the table-check, friendly, personable staff-check, brinner-check, Pastrami-check, the list could go on.  Bottom line great food.
Went here last weekend. First thing they seat you and bring you pickles. This was very interesting. The food was great. Service was great. Breakfast menu has a lot of options. Will go back often. Ok have been back a few times lately and the food was not good. Came out cold both times and portions are smaller. Will be a long time till I go back.
How lame is this? Chompies is our favorite Christmas morning/ New Years Day destination when we are in town for the holidays.
Who the heck wants to cook when they are hung over? Even if it weren't for the holiday convenience, I would show up just to continually witness the sheer volume of different things they can successfully serve in one restaurant. It's downright impressive.
And apparently they take it very seriously- portions are overstated, really tasty, and handsomely priced. The servers are overworked but cool. 
......The decor is a 1980's cliched interpretation of a "NY Deli"- haha funny.

If the menu wasn't enough, there are shamelessly huge display cases full of moist, voluptuous deli items. If I were a less decent man I would have tried one of absolutely everything by now.
Found a perfect spot for an early morning meeting, Chompie's in Tempe is convenient, with nice, friendly-service and a great homemade corned beef hash.

When I order coffee, I just love that someone is always coming by to refill the cup and when I ask a question about the menu, I love when that person gives me their honest opinion. I can be picky with my food and Chompie's gave me the best service.  I like the corned beef hash that comes out of the can and although some would consider that disgusting, something about the right amount of salt and crunch, I just happen to love it. So, after asking our server about the corned beef hash, she suggested that I try it and if I didn't like it, I could take it back! That is incredible service because (A) she stood by her product and (B) guaranteed their service was going to be awesome, which also described the corned beef hash.

Also, the menu is robust with a lot of options, so definitely try Chompie's in Tempe.
The granny girl country skillet is what weekend breakfast dreams are made of. You know when you start to stir around 10:30 am and realize that you are... absolutely ... starving? Chompie's is that perfect 11 am brunch place. 

The have a ridiculously thick menu - but I always order the granny skillet. I  have been going to this place since the day I moved to Phoenix (my stepdad took me there first day move into the dorms..aw) and now I feel I have graduated to the "adult" location at Shea Blvd. and 92nd Street. I don't know if I am shrinking, but the portion sizes at this restaurant are becoming astronimical! Everytime I have friends in town we hit up this place - and it seems to leave everyone satisfied, despite their craving. See example:

I wanted breakfast - so I got the skillet (egg beaters scrambled, with country potatoes, turkey bacon, onion, etc. covered in gravy...mmm)

My cousin wanted hot wings - which were actually delicious

My bud Gilbert got a tasty double bacon cheee

Ashley got a breakfast burro...

As you can see, wide array of selections on the menu. If you are so hungover that you can't take off your sunglasses or even begin to try to put a comb through your hair, then the Tempe location is for you. I have found that the Scottsdale location has an average age of about 45, and it looks like they have all gone on a really nice morning bike ride or hike on Camelback and stopped by Chompies on the way to their afternoon pilates.
I feel a little bad giving Chompie's a three-star review; really, they're more like a 3.25-star place, and I grade that mostly on the dry-ish omelet I had here. The service was pleasant and attentive, and I couldn't find anything else I was unhappy about; but my regular haunts back home turn a better omelet. Maybe it's just homesickness talking.
I've been coming to Chompie's since I was a kid. My grandparents are from the Cleveland area and always bring my family here when they are in town because it is as authentic as a Jewish deli can be in Arizona, plus I live a couple blocks from the Tempe location. 

The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I don't believe the quality of food and service match the prices. On one experience, a few friends and I happened to stay past the 8 o'clock closing time because we were caught up in conversation and didn't realize it. We figured it and started to leave about 10 minutes later, and a waitress yelled at us as we were leaving, telling us to pay more attention. I thought that was uncalled for and would have rather been told politely that the restaurant was closing at 8. Maybe she was just having a bad night. 

The matzoh ball soup is lousy compared to my grandpa's, but it is the best I've had at a restaurant in AZ.  

Otherwise, it's a great place to go for brunch or lunch, has a full-fledged menu with tons of choices, and you get a lot of food.
I've heard about this place for the past 3 years since I moved into the area, and only tried it the other day. It's okay and overrated in my opinion. The food is mediocre, the potatoes suck, and everything tasted pretty stale to me. Soggy and stale and expensive could describe my meal. We had the cheese omlette, sweet potato fries, biscuits and gravy, and brought coffeecake and butter cookies back. I tasted some of everything but the cheese omlette which was my order was really greasy and nothing special. Everything all together was $30 but more than half the food was left on our plates we didn't even want to save it. I will be ordering my omlettes from Dennys or IHOP from now on.
Came in with a group of 27 http://valleymoviegroup.com. Good seating arrangements - they reserved us space. Service slow (drink coming out and entree) . I am thinking the kitchen was a little slow and not so much the wait staff, although they were a tad slow, but of course we had a big group. Nice onion ring appetizers. Food prices a little on the high end from what I would have expecting. Tasty though, don't get me wrong. I had the pastrami sandwich.
Ok, so out of all the restaurants in Tempe this is the one I miss the most. Why you might ask? THEE best Eggs Benedict I've ever eaten!! Before eating Chompie's Eggs Benedict I was never a big breakfast person but after my first bite I was craving this dish at 7am, 12pm, and 6pm all the time! I have to admit though I have only had the Eggs Benedict and some chicken wrap thing from Chompie's before.. the chicken wrap thing ya, whatever, but Chompie's gets 4 stars from me just for their dish that made me a breakfast person. Go order yourself the best damn Eggs Benedict..NOW!
Hungry for a good Corned Beef on Rye, I decided to skip the great Scott's Generations this time & take a chance on this place.

Chompie's here is nice inside with a fun atmosphere about it.  It was nearly full around 10 AM on this Sunday morning, but I managed to score a just-right booth & ordered a half sandwich, preceded by a bowl of Kreplach Soup.

Pretty soon my soup showed up, piping hot, in a good-sized bowl, with (delicious!) toasted sesame bagel slices amusingly dangling from the spoon handle.  This was not your ordinary Kreplach soup, with just a Kreplach or two in chicken broth plus a noodle or two if you're lucky.  Here we had a rich chicken vegetable soup with carrots, celery, onions, noodles, chunks of white chicken meat, & yes, two lovely Kreplachs cuddled up in there too.  It was really good!

Then, at the right time, my ENORMOUS half sandwich arrived, along with my side of choice, a cup of tasty potato salad.  The corned beef on my sandwich was tender, very lean, & delicious.

On top of everything else, my server was cute, friendly, & attentive...  at a DELI???  Holy Moses!
If heaps of food at a reasonable price is what your after look no further then chompies. The menu is as gigantic as the sandwiches. While chompies is best described as a NY Jewish deli don't let the thought of liver scare you off !
I love their food. It's probably the best jewish deli food I've had since I left the east coast. (I actually prefer it here)

That being said I have a bias and hatred for New York and I can't stand the NY style atmosphere. That's an unfair bias but take it as it is.

They have the best greek omelet that I've ever had and their pastries are to die for. Everything tastes authentic and I'm willing to deal with the crowds of loud college students just to have their matzo soup and blintzes. Mmmmm.
Just went there yesterday and the guy behind the counter was so helpful and nice. My mom and dad had never had Jewish food before so he explained very politely what was in Knishes and even let us try things that we weren't sure about. Absolutely excellent customer service.

At first I thought that 8 bucks was a little much for take out soup but it was a generous serving and since it was the end of the day they threw in a matzo ball just because. It also came with an entire bag of bagel chips.
Delicious. Gigantic servings. You've been warned.

One of the few places I can find a Biltmore benedict (with lox). Anything with corned beef will be great; I love their corned beef hash (with Cholula).
Chompy's is a tempe breakfast/lunch/brunch staple
there are an overwhelming amount of options, enough to keep you coming back time and again
the prices are decent and affordable, considering the quality and portions of food you receive
their bakery is pretty phenomenal and the bagels & bialys (sp?) are top knotch
Whenever i'm sick and need some good ol "jewish penicillin" i stop  by chompies and pick up their matzo ball soup, its healing properties are something i will swear by!
I used to think this was a solid 3 star place. But not anymore.

I've left the Valley officially as of last week and was sad to go. Before I left, I made it a goal to eat at my favorite places, with Chompie's being one of them.

I hadn't been back to any of the Chompie's since Adam Richman had made a stop, but the last time I was there was back in January...and I really don't recall the prices being as exorbitant as they were last week. I know they weren't.

Price gouging aside, the past few times I've been the service has been really...bad. I'm saying bad because I don't feel like swearing, but let's say excrement-y, ok?

I arrived with a friend in tow - we were hungry. The hostess seated us promptly and was very friendly. A guy brought water by...and we sat. For ten minutes. Ten minutes. We made eye contact with 2 servers. No one came by to take our orders.

We ended up leaving. What a pity. I was willing to blow money there for some sliders, too.

Since they didn't want our business, Crackers and Co took it....plus, I saved a few dollars and actually had someone taking my order in under 10 minutes...with a smile.
Best bagel and delicatessen in town!

Chompies Rocks!
Chompie's is the best New York Deli in the valley. Then again, there really isn't very much great competition. But it's still great food. 

The menu is filled with the classics that you'd expect to find in any New York Deli. It's all fit to be eaten at any time during the day. 
The prices may look steep at first. But wait until you see the portions. It'll be your lunch for at least two days!
Chompie's has a ton going for it. They have a stellar bakery (which services a bunch of coffeeshops, restaurants, and groceries throughout the valley with bagels, cookies, cakes, etc.) and fantastic deli food, through-and-through.

Their Mile High sandwiches are absurd. Stacked 6-7" tall, you won't be able to get your mouth around them. Start chipping away from the side and hope for the best.

Breakfast is typically top notch, if a bit pricey. The pickles they bring out absolutely kill me, but that's because I hate pickles more than anything on this earth. The wait can be really bad, even on a weekday--we were seated instantly, but it took a LONG time for the four of our basic food to come out.

On the other hand, the potato latkes, pierogi, brisket, sliders, roasted chicken, matzo ball soup, and basically everything else is DAMN good. Oh, and their bagels are top notch too.

Grab a butter cookie on your way out, or a "character cupcake" done up like a Sesame Street character. (The Cookie Monster one is especially meta.)

Ran by nice people with decent service (when it's not slow), you're sure to get a taste of the classic New York deli right here in Tempe.

Oh, and I'm on the Wall of Shame for failing to complete the terror that is the Slider Challenge. Don't even try it.
"meh" indeed.

Let me start by saying im not a food snob.  Hell i lived of ramen and mac and cheese thru most of my 20's so i'll pretty much eat anything. I will not, however, be eating here again.

There was a wait when i got there and i usually take that as an indication that the food is really good.  Turns out Chompies is more a place to see and be seen for the college kiddos instead of an actual awesome diner.

I got french toast, boyfriend got pancakes.  My toast was burnt and the pancakes tasted like eggo microwaved pancakes. Im also not a food returner, if its edible, ill eat it, but this was pretty bad. I asked the waitress what was up and she very snootily retorted "thats how it comes".  Um . . . looking at the dude at the table next to me's golden, perfectly cooked french toast i asked her "are you sure?" She rolled her eyes and walked off, and apparently not to bring me something that didnt look like toxic waste as she didnt come back until 15 min. later with the bill. Oh and PS the home fries are just hashbrown mush with no flavor.  Dont bother.

The food was pretty nasty, the server was kind of mean, and it was so not worth the wait.

Ill stick to Matts downtown until i find another diner.

Bummer since i live in tempe and was really hoping to finally find a greasy spoon closer.
Despite some of the negative reviews, I loved this place simply because of their "Fitness Boot Camp" menu (served all day) which had healthy egg white and low calorie options. 

Will come back for desserts which look very appetizing when I don't feel the need for egg whites :-)
Nice variety of foods from which to choose to meet lots of different eating preferences and the staff worked well together to provide a larger group of us great service - even the manager came out to check on us.
I love Chompies.  I really do.  Just stay far far away from this place on Sunday morning / afternoon.  The place is incredibly understaffed.

Table for 3 with a baby.  Told us it would take 15 minutes to sit.  It took more like 30.  We sit down.  We wait 5 minutes, no waitress.  A table next to us get's seated.  They get greeted, get their drinks then get their food order taken.  Then the same waitress comes over and takes our order.  So now we've waited 30 minutes to be sat and 15 minutes to have a waitress come to our table.

I ask for 1 scrambled egg to come for the baby as soon as it's ready.  10 minutes later a manager comes to the table with our egg.  It's undercooked and cold.  Very mushy.  You would think being the manager, he's qualified to take a look at a scrambled egg and know this is undercooked.  It was quite obvious.  I send it back.  20 minutes later our food comes out.  Still no egg.  I ask the food runner.  She comes back with an egg that cooked fine but freezing cold on a very hot plate (a very tell sign that these eggs have been sitting under a heat lamp for 15 minutes)  If the egg was for me, I would have sent it back.  But it's for a baby and I would have cooled it down before I fed him.  

The food was great but never saw our waitress again after she took our food order.  If we wanted water or extra napkins, I got up and got it myself.  

This isn't my first rodeo.  My wife had her baby shower here on a Sunday and we got the same crappy service.  I need to remind myself to stop coming here on Sundays.
After watching Man Vs. Food - Phoenix, I knew I had to try Chompie's. And while I did not partake in the "Ultimate Slider Challenge" (12 jewish sliders and union strings in under 30 minutes), I had the Jewish Sliders and they were, for lack of a better word, awesome!

Jewish Sliders = mini challah rolls stuffed with brisket, potato pancake and Jack cheese and served with a side of brown gravy.  ($10.99)

The brisket was juicy, the potato pancake was crisp and tasty and the brown gravy was the perfect dip. Ask for a side of au jus to make it even better. My friend got a side of apple sauce and added it to his slider and said that we were all missing out.
The pickles are way to salty! Sandwiches are truly mile high! Tempe location is a bit smaller then the North Scottsdale location offering a younger crowd! Amazing desserts and pastries!
Three of us feasted on the Jewish sliders with onion strings, a pastrami sandwich, a corned beef sandwich (both Ken Witover's), a Philly cheesesteak and a bowl of Matzo ball soup.  Prior to coming here, I didn't think I'd spend $27 for dinner, but that's what it came out to be.  Oh well, I think it was worth it.
 
The brisket from the sliders was a bit dry, but the side of gravy helped that out big time.  On MvF, the challah rolls looked like they'd be dry and bready, but they were actually really soft, sweet and enjoyable.  But my favorite part of the slider was the potato pancake.  I'm sure it doesn't hurt that I love potatoes, but these pancakes were crispy and flavorful.  
 
As I ate the slider, I couldn't help but wonder how many I'd be able to eat in thirty minutes.  Could I eat 12?  The answer is: HECK no.  I think I could get to five... MAYBE six, but nowhere near a dozen.  I wouldn't even bother trying that challenge.
 
The pastrami sandwich was surprisingly good.  If you've been following my recent quest for good pastrami sandwiches, you'd know I prefer thick, hand-carved pastrami, but the pastrami here reminded me of Canter's pastrami in LA... thin (but not too thin) slices of tender pieces of meat with good cole slaw and dressing.  
 
The corned beef wasn't as good though; too dry for my liking.  I'd recommend sticking w/ the pastrami.
 
The cheesesteak was good, but it still doesn't come close to the ones in Philly (duh).
 
The Matzo ball soup had more veggies than I'm used to, but the broth was good and I loved the Matzo ball.  I think I can eat that every day.  
 
Good food, good service.  I'm a happy camper.
I love the food at Chompies! I grew up on the east coast and this food reminds me of home. LOVE IT!
Being on the lookout for gluten-free things since I "converted" last summer, I am still kicking myself for not knowing that Chompie's, a Tempe favorite and practically a historic landmark at this point, has a bakery which makes gluten-free cookies! But that's all they make. I Googled "gluten-free tempe, az" and came up with a website compilation of G/F places nearby. Chompie's was one of them, so I investigated.

I asked the kid behind the counter if they had gluten-free things, and he said yes. I asked what they had, and he pointed to a stack of unlabeled cookies in plastic containers. That was the first oddity--that they were unlabeled. G/F things should be labeled (for allergy purposes). The second was that was ALL they had, aside from a frozen hamburger bun (see Fry's frozen food department for better and cheaper buns). The ONLY good thing about the cookies were that it was $2.50 for 8 of them. They were mediocre at best. (again, see Fry's for better cookies). I am disappointed that there is no one in north Tempe/south Scottsdale/east Mesa that has cornered the gluten-free bakery market. Otherwise, I have to drive to south Tempe to get a decent cinnamon roll.
Today I was craving a sandwich but didn't want to go to the typical Subway or Togo's so I decided to check this place out because it is close to my apartment and I had heard good things. Here are my pros:

Ample parking- the lot is huge and I'd be surprised if it ever filled up.

Friendly employees- she may have been a little bit lost but she was super sweet.

Large sandwiches- I was unaware of what I was in for, so I added salami to my turkey sandwich. Needless to say the sandwich ended up being HUGE. I literally had to deconstruct it to eat it.

Fresh produce and tasty meat- the produce on my sandwich was delicious and crisp. The meat was flavorful and as I mentioned there was a lot of it.

Pickles- The dill pickles I received with my order were scrumptious. I could see why someone would say they are salty but I LOVE salt so it was yummy.

Bread- the bread was delicious. I may have to go back and buy some of their sourdough bread to make sandwiches at home.

Cons:

Price- it was a wee bit more expensive than I was expecting. Its like $8 for a small sandwich and $10 for a large. I also wasn't sure I was charged correctly because the girl taking my order didn't seem to know what she was doing.

I still would like to go back and try their breakfast items, which I heard are fabulous and also to buy the "half moon" cookies they have. (If you are from upstate New York you know EXACTLY what I'm talking about). Oh and I want to try the Ultimate Slider Challenge one of these days.
Can you say "yummmm"? Went for a Reuben - the only place in town I will order one. But got distracted by this Chompies French Toast with caramelized banana chunks, whipped cream, OMG! I couldn't even finish it! Had to take half home to share with my son! Now I've done it! We are going there for breakfast tomorrow morning!
this place has excellent Lox. its a little expensive but they have almost EVERYTHING you would want to eat there. 
Get the lox in the morning. so good.
I was out with my colleague who has seen the episode of Man Vs Food that featured the Jewish Sliders, and we just had to come by. I mean, we seriously went out of our way to visit. We road the BUS, OMG. I'm still astonished that we were able to find our way around using surface public transportation, but that's besides the point. 

Chompie's is ok. Everything looks amazing, and sounds amazing, and it's one of those deals where you cannot come in here when you're hungry or else you'll order way too much because the menu reads like a best of list of comfort foods. Anyway, I was torn between the Pastrami and the Jewish Sliders. Our waitress, Jess, couldn't help since apparently those are a couple of the best and most popular dishes. It would be like comparing Michael Jordan and Lance Armstrong. They're both amazing, it's just a matter of narrowing your meal criteria. I ended up with the Jewish Sliders since brisket, cheese, and a potato cake, all drenched in gravy just sounded too good, and unique to pass up. First thing I did upon receiving the plate was to get more gravy. There is no such thing as too much gravy. I went to to submerge sections of the sliders and slowly enjoy each bite. Remarkable mixture of flavors and the gravy makes a huge difference. Here's the problem though, the brisket was a little dry and tasteless. Without the cheese and gravy, the sliders would have been a miss. All together with the extra gravy however, they were good. I did go on to mention this detail to Jess when she came to check on us. I felt like the manager or whoever keeps track of customer comments would probably want to know that the brisket was dry? Well when Jess came back with the check, she surprised me with half of a pastrami sandwich! OMG, this made my week! I suppose she wanted to make sure that I left on a good note and through this small gesture, I most certainly did. I haven't tried the pastrami yet, but Jess promised that it would be everything I hoped for. I believe her. 

Also had a thick delectable chocolate milkshake that nearly sent me into a food coma from all the syrup, whipped cream, and of course the cherry on top. 

I like this place a lot. It also doesn't hurt that they treat their customers right and really listen to feedback. I'll be coming back.
Today was my friend's 21st Birthday, and I called ahead to tell Chompies we would be celebrating there. They wrote her name on a Birthday plate and lite candles and even brought over a free drink. I was blown away with the customer service and as always, the food. I really appreciate the service!
Kind of overrated - I'm feeling like if I went there 5 times straight in a single week, I might even downgrade them a star.

I second the other Yelpers in saying that everything looks absolutely amazing the first time you come here - the menu is a haven of Jewish deli classics and can be a bit intimidating to the hungry individual wanting a taste of everything.  Servers are super friendly and hustling around toting enormous portions of delicatessen delights - the place has a really cozy feel to it.

Tucking into the food, though, nothing is mindblowingly good so much as straddling the line between yummy and blah.  My standard of a cup of matzoh ball soup, half a pastrami sandwich and an egg cream was a nice meal, but I had just hoped that little things could have been better to elevate the meal to the next level.  Case in point, the matzoh ball itself was bursting with the flavor of schmaltz (chicken fat - essential for a great, traditional matzoh ball) but the broth was so flat, I found myself seasoning my soup at the table.  Or the pastrami - can a girl get a little moister pastrami and a little spicier mustard?  Maybe I'm being a nebbish, but everything deserved a B- when I so hoped to give it an A+++

Jewish sliders are worth a try only once - it's an intriguing combo of brisket (bland), latkes (crispy and light), jack cheese (wish it was swiss for some reason and gravy (delicious!) on challah rolls that goes down smoothly but then proceeds to expand in your stomach like someone's blowing up a balloon in your innards.  Not so pleasant.  I officially know why Adam Richmond had to throw in the towel on Man v. Food - it's pretty aggressive how filling those little suckers are.  I guess if you are a champion to the likes of Joey Chestnut, go for the all-you-can-eat sliders action.  Mere mortals, stick to the basics and leave with your pants intact and not bursting at the seams.

Straight meh, says I.
Delicious sliders, strange service.  Our waiter seemed very green, since he was very eager to please but wasn't good at handling our order, nor giving us the right items that we had ordered.  Regardless of service though, the slider meal, while looking deceptively small (3 sliders), was very filling.  I've also had their meatloaf dinner, which is very moist, but slightly too salty for me.  Sandwiches such as the Reubens are pretty good, with large amounts of meat piled in between the bread, while other items, such as the Philly cheese steak, aren't that great and will leave you less-than-satisfied.
Just finished a sunday breakfast/lunch here and it was pretty good. I ordered a strawberry banana smoothie to start as they had given out samples and my friends said it was really good. Took awhile to get them and when they arrived my friends were nice and creamy with a few chunks of ice where as mine was full of uncrushed ice cubes and large chunks making it impossible to use a straw and requiring me to chew.

I ordered a half corned beef half pastrami sandwich for my meal. Again it took a long time for the food to get to us and i understand they were busy but from what i have seen it was an average if not below average crowd for a sunday here. Got my food and I was slightly disappointed to see that rather than being half and half meat over the sandwich it was 2 separate halves one corned beef and one pastrami. It was easy enough for me to fix as with the large amount of meet i just split each half and mixed and matched. Just wish i would have been asked about this first.

The food was good and it is very good corned beef and pastrami, the potato salad is fairly bland. The rye bread is pretty good too. They do give a huge portion of meat which is nice. Also had a bloody mary which was good and had a nice spice to it.

Overall a decent meal but took a long time to get food and my smoothie had way to much unblended ice.
I just finished giving a presentation and kind of skipped my early morning breakfast. So, I came here for brunch around 10:30 am. I was seated very fast, actually, before I could take my seat some guy said 'excuse me' and left some pickles and a glass of water. Aside from the fact that it was quasi-rude to put something down on the table while I was sitting, from behind me, I thought it was cool that I already had my water and I could try a couple of pickles.

What a big menu. I'm eating on a budget, and for breakfast they seemed to have just a ridiculous amount of options, pretty much anything that's homestyle American was on the menu. I had a peek at the lunch menu too, but I was really only here for the $5.99 'Eggciting' special. They also have just a bagel, cream cheese, and coffee for $2.99, which seems like a decent deal. The waitress quickly took my order, scrambled eggs, jalapeno bagel, cream cheese, home fries, and turkey sausage.

Hold up. Turkey sausage. Really? Yes, really. This is actually what tipped me off to visiting this place. I love a classic American breakfast, but I hesitate to go to places like Denny's, IHOP, and even Mimi's because I always get ripped off because I don't eat pork. I usually have to substitute at these places which kind of destroys the whole classic American breakfast feeling. 

Food came out surprisingly fast. It wasn't piping hot like I like it, but it wasn't cold either. I don't remember asking for my bagel to be toasted, but then again I don't remember requesting not toasted either. I'm not that picky on that. The home fries weren't hot either which was a disappointment, because I know potatoes hold their heat very well. Anyways, aside from the warm, not hot, food it tasted pretty good. Eggs were done just to my liking. The turkey sausage was fantastic and had a perfect texture. There are two types of turkey sausage, the smoked sauage that comes in a long link (hot dog texture) and the shorter links with a more ground beef texture (and also apparently patties like they had here). It was seasoned well, cooked well, and the texture was just perfect. The home fries were good and also had a nice texture, there was some crispiness to it, but at the end all I really had left was extra crispy chips.

Given my experience, I can only do a 3-star. I was really excited to try this place out and I'm certain that if my food was a little bit hotter it would be my favorite breakfast place. Its a shame it wasn't hot because I'd really like to come back here and try other breakfast items, they have a really interesting sounding chicken fajita omelette.

Also, I feel that its worth mentioning that the pricing here is very diverse. There is stuff from $5 all the way up to like $15 per person. Check menu before you go.
One of my top five favorite places in Tempe to eat! Everything is good, reasonable pricing. Homemade=better than not! Arizona Benedict is amazing!
Stopped in here for lunch yesterday with Robyn N. & Mike C.  This time I had their ''Baja Burger", which is a charbroiled half-pounder, with bacon, avocado spears, jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, & red onions.  It also came with delicious large-cut fries & a little cup of Cole Slaw.

This burger was very good, as expected, but not quite up to the best ones I've enjoyed lately at Five Guys, Smashburger & especially Cracker Barrel.  From now on when I come here I'll stick with traditional Jewish Deli food, which will probably bring it back up to 5 Stars for me next time.

Baja Burger Plate $9.95
Was here for lunch last week with Rand H and Mike C.  I had the reuben sandwich and it was just okay.  I was a little disappointed because for $14 for one sandwich with fries, I was expecting something great!  Sorry, this is just way too pricey for just an average reuben.  I had it with pastrami and it had good flavor, but the sandwich could have used more sauerkraut for sure.  The fries were good!

The best part was the deli on the way out, they had bags of day old bagels and bialys for $2.50 and I snagged a bag with some lox cream cheese to take home.  I'd go back for the lox cream cheese, it had chunks of lox and wasn't all ground up like lox spread I have had before.

I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here for a meal that's for sure.
Went there after seeing Man Vs Food. The sliders were wonderful. Most of the sanwiches were in the $12 range. The server was quick and attentive. We will definately be back!
This place has officially become my Thursday brunch place of choice! I've been getting the everything bagel with garlic herb cream cheese to go and a drink paying only $5! I pay later with terrible breath but its super delicious. My friends like the jalapeno cream cheese, but I'm not a fan. Next time Im thinking I might try another flavor. They have a wide range of flavors from spicy to sweet or even plain. I've only at in the dining area one time over a year ago but I don't remember the food or service so Ill review that another time. The lady who prepares the bagels on the other hand is really nice. But if you dont like a ton of cream cheese be sure to ask for light cream cheese.
I just love this Restaurant! I've only been a few times and every time I have gone it's been delicious. 

The first time I went I got the Corned Beef Sandwich. This was a great sandwich with loads of flavor, Not to mention it was big enough to take half of it home with me.

The second & third time I went I got The "Aaron's Choice"  Sandwich. This one I thought was better than the plain Corned Beef, It not only comes with Corned Beef but pastrami, Swiss cheese, coleslaw, and 1000 island dressing on an onion roll for only $12.99. It's a killer deal.

The Service could be a little better and I'm not a huge fan at how the tables are so close together, However the food is DELICIOUS. 

I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great sandwich!
Oh Chompie's... one of my favorite Tempe finds! Chompie's is home to my favorite soup! Chicken Matzoball Soup! Delicious and onxious with awesome flavors. I have had a great time sittig outside yapping with my sister about who knows what while munching on the biggest pastrami and saurkraut sandwich EVER! This thing was HUGE! I was scared, I was elated, I was determined. 

I went again for dinner and had my same matzoball soup but this time I had the Chicken Schnitzel. Warm. crunchy and full of flavor I was elated. The sides were eh, I make better carrots and the potatos were okay but the gravy had an odd flavor I wasn't too fond of. I have YET to try a dessert, but someday I am going to damnit!! 

Oh and the pickles are yummy! :D Jussayin' The service leave MUCH to be desired for. We had to ask for everything about twice and the staff likes to play handsie in a closed section behind frosted glass. I had craptastic service both times I went. But I still hope ya'll give chomp down on some Chompie's and fall in love with it like I did!!
Responded to a promotion of theirs that excluded "holidays".  This was Dec. 24 which is the day BEFORE a holiday, yet they refused to honor the promotion on the basis that Dec. 24 is a holiday.  Had to wait for a table even though there seemed to be plenty available.  Service was slow and the food was mediocre plus they forgot my side dish.  Very disappointing because we had heard such good things about this place.
I just tried Chompie's today and had the Aaron's Choice on rye. It was AMAZING. The sandwich was HUGE - I had to take half of it home. I ordered the potato salad as the side and that was really good, too. But how good the food tastes is pretty much the only thing going on for Chompie's, I think. The service was a little slow, and the food is kind of pricey. Also, the pickles they gave us at the beginning gave both me and my boyfriend maaaad stomach aches. If I ever go back, I'm definitely staying away from the pickles.
I have been wanted to go to Chompie's forever and now that I am leaving Phoenix, I felt like it was necessary to try it out.  I had to try the Jewish Sliders that I had seen on Man V Food.  Obviously, I didn't try the challenge because I don't want to ruin latkes, brisket or challah for me for the rest of my life.  My platter came with three of these gorgeous beauties.  Every element worked perfectly in the sandwich.  You definitely have to dip the slider in the gravy though.  It can taste a little dry without it.  The fries were nice and crispy too.

It is sad that I won't get to try their bagels and other menu items because this menu looked extensive and banging.
My trip was inspired by Adam Richmond's visit and while I couldn't do the 12 slider challenge, I knocked out 5 and was close to taking on a 6th.

The GM stopped by to check on us and the waitress was great! Be sure to grab some fresh baked deli treats before heading out.
Great place for breakfast or lunch. Service is always fast and friendly.
Solid four.  I can't believe I lived across the street in college and never went.  Breakfast is yummy.  I'm a chicken strip connoisseur and Chompie's a terrific.
the menu here is just ridiculous... took me forever to decide what the hell i wanted. Endless options(which i love) it's just when you're hungry everything looks so effin' good . Service was great.. there was a little wait..but it was def worth it. I had a really tasty buffalo chicken wrap..Which i ended up taking half home it was a good amount of food. the breakfast also all looked great and b/f really enjoyed his. they really do have pretty much anything you could want also have fun drinks..Bloody marys, mimosas, root beer floats etc. We checked out the bakery and everything looked delicious.  Everything is affordable not overpriced by any means and large portions. Very cool place, love the menu we will def be going back again. make sure to check out the hall of fame/shame to see good ol' Adam Richmond's mug up there from Man Vs Food.
As soon as I saw the Man vs. Food episode that featured Chompie's Jewish sliders, I knew that I would have to eat here at some point in my life.  It was love at first sight!

I have to say that when  finally did make it here, they were not disappointing.  Beef brisket with latkes on challa bread -- these guys are geniuses!  The Cowboy sliders with onion strings and barbecue sauce on them were pretty darn good as well.  Everything was so good in fact, that I took 4 sliders in a box for my drive back to the bay area the next day!

I was also able to try some local beer, as well as some of their soup, which was all good!  Their bakery looked pretty amazing as well, but I filled myself up on all you can eat sliders, so I didn't get a chance to try any dessert.  It's ok though.  It was worth it.  

My only complaint is that there isn't a Chompie's near me!
This place is a great lunch spot! I usually don't like sandwiches but these sliders are so yummy! Don't miss out!
I'm a junior at ASU and drove past this place on university for THREE years until I finally went in....that was a mistake.  Now I go there whenever I can.   Though while on the outside, it looks like just a chain bagel place, its way more than that.  Chompies sandwiches taste just like (to me) some of the best Jewish delis Ive been to in NYC...honestly, its that good.
     My faves:
         **Jewish Sliders-What Chompies is best known for (as well as featured on Man VS Food for), a very hearty combo of 3 cholla rolls filled brisket, mini potato pancakes & Jack cheese, and a side of gravy. THE BEST Sandwich I have had in Arizona, hands down.
          **The Brooklyner Triple Decker-(pastrami, corned beef, and braised brisket on double baked Jewish rye).  It has it all, the only thing I do to it is ask the server to add coleslaw too it which puts it over the top
Went for lunch to grab a sandwich to go.  The guy helping us behind the counter was obviously stoned.  My husband ordered a turkey sandwich and when we opened it up, it was literally turkey and bread.  Nothing else!  It was kind of funny, if he hadn't been hungry.  Actually, its still kind of funny.
They had a really cool all-you-can-eat deal with their sliders. Aside from the sliders being pretty good (can't make a burger wrongly), the pickles were disastrous.

Not only did they taste a little funky, we got really sick from them... Not the best experience!
Chompies overall was Awesome! 

Serves Breakfast all day!

It has been over 20 years since I have been here, and now I wonder why. I thought of it more of a bagel place, with some deli dishes rather than a full blown restaurant. I must have been baked with a wicked hangover way back then, because this was awesome. There is a lot of talk about Chompies because of Man vs. Food, but what really brought me here was that they served breakfast all day.

It took a minute or so to be acknowledged by a host to get seated, but once she showed up we got sat right away. Our sever was very nice, made some suggestions, kept up on our Diet Pepsi refills, and was there but not overbearing. 

We ordered the Banana Nut Pancakes, Omelet with Jalapenos (Cabo maybe), and a Killer Skillet with lots of Jalapenos and 2 perfect medium eggs placed on top. I got the blueberry bagel with walnut raisin cream cheese. The wife got a salt bagel with the jalapeno cream cheese (they were out of jalapeno bagels). The pancakes were very good, with lots of banana cooked in the cake, of course with lots of nuts as well. There was a lot of food. Well worth it.

We ordered a piece of German Chocolate Cake to-go. A few hours later we pulled that cake out of the fridge and devoured it with a quickness. Very moist, and the frosting was super yummy. 

I just checked for our leftovers, and it looks like someone beat me to it. Dam I was looking forward to that skillet with all the egg and potatoes. I guess easy microwaved leftovers is out.

In search of breakfast now!
Its everything I everyone said it was going to be...GOOD!  I liked their breakfast and the coffee was pretty good too.  The service was excellent to boot.  Try it and you won't be sorry.
I work right behind Chompie's and I'm kinda forced to eat there on my lunch break due to to lack of options. I have eaten through almost the entire menu and have not found one dish on the menu that I ever crave and WANT to eat again. Nothing is really terrible but nothing is really great either, especially for the price. I mean basic sandwiches cost between $12 and $15 which comes with a side of potato salad that is gone after about two bites. When i saw that Man vs. Food came to Chompie's I though it was a joke. That challenge had never existed at Chompie's and they created it just to get on the show. Overall Chompie's has average diner food for triple the average diner price.
I am really very forlorn at having to give Chompie's a 2 star-er. This place has been my go to weekend breakfast spot for years. Hello, day drinking begining at 7am on game days?? You know me...sign me up. I am eternally in love with the home fries, and have been known to stop by just for a side of them "to go" 

But I went last Thursday with my 7 year old niece Isabella who was home sick from school (whole other story starting at about 5am which started with my sister calling..."Please Nesto watch her for me or I'll lose my job") As a bachelor who eats out a lot, not a ton in the fridge for a kid....so....breakfast? Get in the car.

Seated right away, as always. That's where the service stalled. Birds chirping as my niece looks at me with big sick-y eyes. No water, no server, busser or hostess to flag down. 

Finally blondie comes up and looks a bit irritated to se us. "Do you know what you want ('yet'? seems to be the unspoken word she wants to throw out to finish the question) as if we have been wasting her time in the 10  minutes we haven't seen her. Yes we do. Pancake and OJ for Bell, Coffee two eggs over med, home fries and dry rye for me. 

She turns, grabs a tray of complimentary pickles off a side bar and slides them onto the table. The bright green are great. Garlicky and crisp. 

5 min, she brings the drinks. kids cup for Bell. No straw. I don't notice it immediately but blondie is right across the isle helping a guy in a tie so when she turns I get her attention. Again she seems pissed that I asked for a straw and drops 4 on the table. WTH?
 15 more minutes for food. I am a little interested and not pleased with the fact that the butter and syrup are in disposable pre-packaged containers. Has this always been the case? I am not a pancake eater, so I don't really know, but the place is a BAKERY. Surely they can dole out some butter and have syrup on hand. That was kinda weird. 

I was so distracted by that, that I realized after blondie left. NO friggin silverware. OK, now I am starting to get miffed. Flag her down again.

Potatoes, cold. Final straw. The rye was delish. Love that stuff chewy and flavorful. But largely, we left two almost untouched plates as we left the place. 

Maybe it was just a bad day for blondie. But that was not a great experience at one of my favorite places. I even forgot to buy a loaf of rye dammit.
Breakfast all day??? Yay!    I'm a regular here.  Love the homefries and bacon, always above average.

As for sandwiches, yes they are pricey but it usually takes me 3 meals to finish one.  The Grilled Grandpa Rubys (with pastrami and extra grilled sauerkraut) is my favorite.  Mmmmmm, I'm hungry just thinking about it.
This was my first experience with good Jewish cuisine and I was in heaven! The menu has a HUGE selection plus they have a ton of pastries to choose from for dessert. Everything we ordered was delicious: 
1) potato latkes: crispy, piping hot and was delicious by itself and with the sour cream and applesauce it came with.- 4 stars
2) cheese blintz/bluebery blintz: both delicious on it's own, but even better when mixed! - 3 stars
3) Jewish sliders: challah bread stuffed with tender brisket, potato pancake, cheese and gravy. - 3 stars
4) BBQ sliders: it's the same as the Jewish slider except instead of the potato pancake and gravy, they put onions strings and BBQ sauce in it (my favorite of the two).- 5 stars
5) chocolate chip pancakes: light and fluffy! - 4 stars
6) reuben sandwich: the pastrami in this sandwich was amazingly good and they don't skimp on the meat! - 5 stars
7) matzo ball chicken soup: this was everything that's comforting when it comes to soup. Great broth, chunky veggies, soft noodles, and a huge matzo ball! - 5 stars
I'll definitely have to come back to try some of the other dishes!
I have been to this place twice so far, and each time I have enjoyed my visit. The parking is a little pain, but not so bad you drive around in circles for half a hour. The staff is very nice and very courteous but a little bit slow. I have noticed this both times I have been there. The food is a little expensive but with huge portions.

I must say though the menu is long and extensive and that worries me a bit. When I think long menu I thing frozen lots of frozen. But that could be just me. I do notice that they serve mimosas which is a big plus in my book.

Now the food portion of the review, the other guests that I have been with said there food was delicious, it looked to be really good. The first time I went one of my coworkers had the "Old Fashioned Borenstein Burger" and the other had a "Monte Cristo" and it was huge. Today I went with my family, my daughter had the "Silver Dollar Pancakes" which were not silver dollar pancakes, but crazy HUGE pancakes. It makes me wonder what a normal pancake looks like. My wife had a "Classic Belgian Waffle" with candied pecans mixed in. sadly the pecans came piled on top and were not candied. 

I must admit I have not tried anything but there "Old Fashioned Borenstein Burger". And it is huge and delicious I usually get mine with bacon and cheese, the fries are awesome they are not your usual wimpy fries, they are steak sized but have a flakiness to them if that makes any sense at all. Overall I'm in love with their burger, but you would need to do something seriously wrong to make me dislike a burger.

And one more thing, its dangerous to have a bakery right there displaying awesome sweets. I'm usually not into sweets but on a whim my coworker told me to pick something and the "Like Heaven" little cups caught my eye. Tried the Oreo one which is a chocolate cup with cream and bits of what look like crumbled Oreos on top, which might explain the name, and just to let you know good lord it was like heaven! If heaven is like that, I will gladly serve the lord so I can get some more of those tasty little treats. Today on my visit I bought three, one for my daughter and two for me. I know, I know.

Well in the end this place is decent the prices are a little high, but the food is good and you get your monies worth. Next time ill try something else maybe breakfast who knows.
Chompies is not a bad place to grab a bite if you desperately want deli and desperately want to spend a lot of money.  The food is pretty standard (despite man vs. food's claims) but it is a little on the pricey side for what you get.  The bagels are pretty good, and they have a large variety, but many of the things on their menu are pretty meh.  Most of their breakfast food is on par with Denny's or ihop. Nothing special.  Their sandwiches are ok, but I haven't had a whole lot of them, just a couple.  I'm really in no hurry to eat anymore. It'll do if you really must have deli, but don't think you're going to get Carnegie quality knish. This place gets 3 stars for bagels, and 2 stars for everything else... Except coffee.  Coffee gets negative 2 stars at chompies. It tastes like a broken thermometer no joke. Sewage coffee blech!!!!
I was visiting from California and I did see this on Man V Food. So, my gf and I decided to come here before watching a Spring Training game (SF WORLD CHAMPION GIANTS vs Oakland A's). This isn't too far from the airport so if you are staying in the area, definitely come here. The line wasn't too bad and we were seated within 20 minutes. Good atmosphere and everyone was wearing some kind of Arizona team shirt.

We ordered 2 sliders which were good for each of us as a starter. We both loved the challah bread. But then I also wanted to eat something else as a main course. My gf ordered the beef brisket sandwich which was just as good as the sliders but more meat. The meat was thinly sliced and very tender. She could only eat half of the sandwich so she took the other half to-go which she ate later in the hotel which turned out to be a great snack later. I had the turkey and roast beef sandiwch (I can't remember the name of the sandwich) but it was too much for us. I was definitely full and I'm glad we came here before the game because we'd be eating dogs n drinking beer all day long.

Waitress was attentive and we did have a good experience. I'd definitely come here again when we visit.
Went there this morning I had a waffle which was good it also came with two smallish turkey sausages which were cold the waitress was right there so she hurried them back to the kitchen and returned  in a moments time with the warmed sausages in the mean time when I took a bite of my eggs they were also ......we will say not hot by any means and not over medium like I requested  my wife had one of there scrambles with potatoes bacon onion which she said she liked it said it came smothered in gravy but it was not smothered  and  in her case she said she preferred it as is ...I have always liked there lox,bagel,tomato,ect if and when I return that is what I will stick with they seam to have that dish down
Do you prefer a mile high pastrami on rye? If so, then run, don't walk to this Chompies. On the edge of the ASU campus, it's  within a fifteen minute drive from my condo. It's best to go during "off hours", unless you don't mind waiting. Try the Matza Ball soup, it's loaded with veggies, plus a hearty broth. A breakfast special for under $5 is available everyday. The servers are friendly, cute & efficient. What else does a person want in a restaurant?
After going to canter's and greenblats and factors this place was all right i went with three others on a Sunday at 12:30 and the line was pretty long but we only waited 30 min for a table's when taking a few mins to look at the bake goods counter. and the freshly baked bread i saw a eclair that looked good so i thought why not try it.It should be good.It was all right I would at not time go out of my way for it. after begin sited i ordered a knish which was really oily.With a plate of three sliders.Which has sliced brisket with cheese and a small potato pancake on the bottom. What i was surprised about was i had to ask for a side of apple sauce which of you have ever enjoyed potato pancakes you have to have apple sauce seemed to me in a nut shell that we where all given large amount of food.But the food seemed to not really stand out flavor wise.
Great service, but the food was just okay.  The sliders were really greasy, and the chopped steak was not a steak, but rather a large ground beef burger patty,  for which I was not pleasantly surprised.  I liked the bread here the most - the challah bread was pretty decent, and the bread basket with the toasted bagel slices and rye bread were good.

We came in as a group of 40 people, and they were patient, allowing us to split the bills several ways, as well as getting us our food and refilling our water in a timely and friendly manner.  Warrants an additional star to the 3-star rating I would have given for the food.
My first thought upon entering Chompie's, "what a neat little restaurant". It's a sit down restaurant, diner style. It's a bakery. It's a deli. All in one.

Right after being seated we were served our drinks and a plate of pickles and cucumber pickles (yes, I know all pickles are cucumbers but these were halfway between still being a cucumber and a full blown pickle). Odd but a delicious and surprising appetizer.

The menu is expansive... I was overwhelmed. I was originally craving a sandwich yet after quickly scanning the menu I noticed there was not a single veggie option. Sad, I moved on and quickly found 3-4 other entrees to decide between.  I finally settled on ordering the Israeli Couscous Fitness Salad *see picture*. It was HUGE and delicious. The lemon infused olive oil dressing was perfection. And I love that it came with a bialy as I badly wanted to try one here. If you are curious it's like bagel only not... it's a yeasty soft centered, crusty on the outside roll. A staple in Jewish and Polish dining. My friend ordered the Fitness Omelet which came with choice of healthy side and a bagel or bialy of your choice. She and I both enjoyed our meals and finished each bite. 

Being a NY style Jewish Deli, I knew not to expect too many vegetarian choices,... there are however a few options, they accommodate special requests, and there is the daily soup which is vegetarian chili.  I was also impressed at the Polish-esque  entrees, I did not try since nothing compares to my grandma's cooking in that department.

Service was friendly and attentive even though the place was quite busy. As a UofA alumni, I could have done without every single server wearing ASU gear but I was in their territory after all.
What's the matter with Chompie's in Tempe?

That's always my question and I just don't have any answer. We've eaten at this Chompie's three times and we're always disappointed. However we've eaten at other Chompie's, most often the one in Chandler, and we're stuffed and happy. I don't get it.

We went with a group of Yelpers to this Chompie's because it's close to Gammage and we were all attending the opening night production of Fiddler on the Roof. So I suggested JewFood. Now, being an east coast Jew, I have certain standards which, frankly, aren't easily met in the desert. But they're not met at this Chompie's at all.

I phoned at 3:00 that afternoon to give them a heads up since we were expecting twelve people (we wound up with eight - you know how Yelpers are). I gave them the count, the time and made clear that we had a time crunch, needing to be out of there by 6:00 - 6:15 at the latest. When we got there the table wasn't ready.

We were seated fitteen minutes later and I told both the host and the server that we were attending the theatre and needed to eat and get going. Our food arrived at 5:45 or 5:50. I can't say for sure which it was. Had a hard time getting more pickles, I never got the lemons I asked for, sauces had to be requested repeatedly. And the food was nothing to write home to Bubbeh about. My extra lean corned beef was fatty and chewy and my daughter's patty melt, requested with extra onions came with a mere four pieces of onion. She asked for more but they didn't arrive until she was nearly done eating. I would have contested the extra charge for those onions but I had to get going or risk losing the opportunity to park in the Gammage lot. From the rumblings I heard around the table, we weren't the only disappointed diners in our party.

Now I've reviewed the Chompie's in Chandler http://www.yelp.com/biz/chompies-restaurant-and-bakery-chandler and gave it five stars. So the problems clearly aren't pervasive, in my opinion. If we'd had time we would have gone to the Chompie's in Chandler or the one in Scottsdale but the Tempe location was five minutes from Gammage. Oh, well. I'll consider this my farewell address. I won't be back to the Tempe Chompie's again.
If you have ever been to Katz's in NYC, Kaufman's in Chicago or Cantor's in LA you need to know right away , you will be disappointed ..this isn't that kind of Jewish Deli. 
Now if you haven't, this might be just fine for you. Located close to ASU I wonder if they just have given up trying to really show off how good it could be. maybe feeding the students and their out of town parents is just enough for the Chompies Family. But if they do want to attract locals to come in here are some ideas: 

Refill water glasses at least every 15 minutes, this is salty food; pickles, pastrami , chopped liver etc...give us some water...and if you see customers sucking on ice with an empty glass take the hint... 

give us a nice big bowl of pickles 4 pickles in an a 10 inch dish just looks silly...show us you care like a Jewish grandma and give us a decent amount .... 

When you say LEAN it means no big flabby pieces of loose fat dripping off the meat on every side. Lean would be the no visible trails of flabbiness. 

Do something about the fries...when the person next to you says , "they taste okay when you put gravy on them" you know they are just meh... 
If you are giving me fries ,make them decent ..it's not that difficult. 

Check on your table occasionally , taking the order and bringing the food and little else makes me wonder why we even need the waitress...I will go take the order and get the food and no need to tip me.... and I refill water glasses. 

Chompies has the potential to be more but who am I to tell them what to do?
Definitely try the Jewish Sliders. They're awesome.
As a New Yorker, I was looking forward to trying out Chompie's since all my friends have said that I would love it. When I walked in, I could see why - The decor was New York themed, with the Yankees taking up a whole wall in the back and Broadway posters lining the walls by the bathroom. I sat down and looked at the menu, where I saw many familiar offerings.

After receiving my food, however, I was disappointed. The Chopped Steak was bland and tasteless. I could not finish it. My friends that ordered other dishes didn't seem to like their meals either. The salad was okay, the fries pretty good. I would not come back for the food.

The service was lackluster too; waitresses did not refill the water often enough, and my friends soon resorted to sticking ice cubes in their mouth while waiting.

Very disappointed.
Oh my goodness. Sliders for the win!!! The Original Jewish Sliders are the bombbbbb! :D (Western ones are delicious too!)
The food is great!  The drinks with breakfast is fan-freakin-tastic!  The service is OK.  I actually want to give them more stars, but consistently the group of girls I go with is ignored at the end of our meal, we would get more drinks, like water refills, and like to pay our check quicker.  The good thing is they don't often mess up our order and our orders are often difficult, so that is really nice.
I usually get the French omelet and greyhound, the eggs are always fluffy and yummy and the salt bagel with lox cream cheese makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  
I would recommend and take anyone to Chompie's, I would warn them about the service before so to set the expectations.
Meh... That's really all I have to say.
Decent food but poor guest service upon my first visit. Not a very welcoming atmosphere. Waitresses need to brighten up....
The line is lonnnnnnnng on Sunday! But I can definetly see why. A friend and I split Don's Grilled Classic sandwich, which is sliced oven baked meatloaf, bacon, grilled red onion, tomato, and jack cheese on grilled parmesan sourdough. We also split an appetizer order of the Jewish Sliders, which was three mini challah rolls filled with moist lean brisket, mini potato pancakes & Jack cheese. The sliders were absolute perfection. The bread is fresh and soft, the brisket is delicious and the potato pancakes had a nice crisp edge. This is served with a small side of brown gravy which I used sparingly, as I didn't want to drown out the flavors in the sandwich too much. That meatloaf sandwich, though, while it sounds like an absolutely indulgent and delicious idea, was a little on the salty side. Bacon was crisped up very nicely but set my salt-o-meter over the edge. Too much of a good thing? But the meatloaf slices are thick and hearty. 

And today being the third time I've eaten here and I still haven't hit that pastry case yet... next time. Next time I will start with dessert...
this review is for the tempe location. yes, the line is usually long but it's worth it in my opinion. the matzo ball soup is wonderful- it reminds me of the homemade stuff i'm used to! the corned beef is always good and surprisingly, so is the grilled cheese! thier black and whites and hametashen are awesome. the service is always a+ but still acceptable. please read my review of their chandler location- i'll take the service in tempe over that any day!
What can I say about Chompie's that hasn't already been said? This place is amazing - delicious food, friendly staff, a clean building and oh, did I mention the delicious food? I never miss a chance to go to Chompie's.
Awesome food for a pretty good price. A cool New York deli style sit down where they bring you a plate of different pickles while you wait for you food. The bagels are good, however I'd rather go for their "Jewish Sliders;" they are amazing!
Screw the strange service.  The sliders are worth it.  Anything with slider in the title (breakfast slider, Jewish slider, bbq slider) is delicious and filling.  The challah rolls are soft and chewy, the potato pancake just the right crispness, and the meat inside is always excellent.
Chompie's has really good food and a huge menu!  They are really close to ASU and seem to busy all of the time.  They have breakfast, lunch and dinner options. 

They start you with a bowl of homemade pickles.  Not a fan, but my friends really like them.  I really like their pastrami and corn beef sandwiches and sliders.  I usually go for the sliders and a salad so I can split it with someone.  The prices are too high, especially for someone in college, so splitting a meal here is do-able based on the portion sizes and price.
Had a great time here with the family grandparents down to niece. Of course there is a line if you go when you want to...so there is that.

I have experienced a steady decline in their food quality of late. Its been annoying. Especially since there hasn't really been a change in how busy they are. 

Its a kitschy place and it will always have a crowd. I probably wont be part of it any longer but would go there if its a destination for a group.
I had the Jewish Sliders following Adam's recommendation (Man vs. Food). You get a traditional Sunday meal Americana in a sandwich bite (including the gravy). Excellent! I'm going back for the other great stuff on the menu. You can take your desert to go as you walk through the bakery on the way out.
Went for the first time last weekend. We split the Aaron's sandwich which is a combo of pastrami and corned beef - swapped out the swiss cheese for American and the pickles were so good we had to ask for more!  The sandwich was delicious!  Perfectly constructed, warm and juicy!  The menu is extensive so it's difficult to make a choice but I'm sure everything is good. We'll be going back again very soon.
A NYC guy every so often needsa  corned beef  fix.Im used to great delis in NYC and LA  Chompies is busy and they sure make $ but the food is  below par. The corned beef was so dry and overcooked it crumbles. The rye bread they use has no guts It falls apart as you eat the sandwich and it wasnt fresh today. It has a wonder bread consistency not good crusty chewy rye. The side dishes cole salw etc are sub par. Bottom line is  Az people are not picky or discriminating especially about deli or jewish food so a place  like this can be successful

Corned beef was so salty ( why??)  chewy like it wasnt cooked properly or sub par CB who knows. The staff in tempe is pleaSANT BUT ROAMS AROUND IN GROUPS iT LOOKS LIKE THERES NO ONE IN CHARGE, NO MGR. bACK TO THE CORNED BEEF, THERE WERE END PIECES DRIED OUT STUFFED IN THE SANDWICH. Someone needs to monitor the kitchen here
We went to Chompie's after church on Sunday and arrived about 12:30.  The only reason that I am not giving Chompie's five stars is because after being seated, the wait for the food was long.  However, don't let that stop you from going.  The food is fantastic and worth waiting for.  I had bagels and lox and can't say enough about the smoked salmon.  It was tender and delicious.  The dish also came with sliced tomatoes (and they were actually juicy), cucumbers, red onions, lettuce and olives.  Other members of our family ordered the Biltmore Benedick - that tasty salmon on muffins, topped with eggs and a creamy white sauce - and the Chicago hot dog which has every condiment imagineable piled on top.  We ate tons of Jewish dill pickles while we waited for our food and asked for another plateful which was delivered to us ASAP.

I enjoy this Chompie's more than the one at Paradise Valley Mall because it has more personality.  Be sure to check out the baked goods behind the bakery counter!  They also sell day old bagels for a discounted price that would still taste great toasted.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable and checked on us often.

I haven't eaten at very many Jewish delis in NYC, but this is as good as my favorite deli in Philly.
There's really nothing better than breakfast at Chompies on the weekend. With pancakes the size of your head, and the BEST corned beef hash I've ever tasted, why would ever go anywhere else? Their sandwhiches are feats of engineering, and i love that you get delicious dill pickles as soon as you sit down.

Their matzo ball soup has helped through many a hangover and if you're still not sure, try their baked goods! delicious rugelach and other sweet items. 

We went to the one on Shea for the Rosh Hashana dinner (delicious and a great deal for a couple of Jews without a large community of Jewish friends), and I have to say I like the University location better. Great ambiance with the posters what not, and the staff is always pleasant and knows how to treat you.

What can i say, I LOVE this place!
The red velvet cake was good and the Jewish sliders were pretty tastey... but this place only gets 3 stars from me because the prices were far too expensive for a casual spot that looked like it needed a good cleaning.  I'd rather go to a clean fast casual place with reasonable pricing!
It looked good and o read good reviews on the place. We showed up at 1030 am on a thrs morning for breakfast. Unfortunately I can't tell you how the food was, other than the complimentary pickles that they brought with our water when we first sat down. 

We waited for over 15 min while several servers passed us by without speaking. We never got spoken to orthat served and afterleft 20 min wewhile finally we got up and left.
I've been here twice for lunch and the food was fantastic! One complaint though, service was very slow. I learned my lesson not to try to make it in and out during a 1 hour lunch break. When I have some time to relax and eat an excessive amount of knish, I will be back.
Huge menu, should have something you like, not all dishes are superb but everything is at least decent.
Potato Knish - a scoop of mashed potatoes wrapped in pastry dough. I get a little side of gravy and this hangover remedy is heaven on earth. 
Skip the meat-filled knish... the meat is a mixture of leftover pastrami and corned beef and it's made as one huge pie, then sliced and served to you, which means that the pastry dough doesn't cover the two biggest sides of the filling (and we all know that the dough is where it's at). 
The bloody mary is a little weak, too. But this isn't a bar so why should I even complain?
Also, I've never had a "rainbow cookie" and was contemplating trying one today... and there were samples on the counter. I had one sample and it blew my freaking mind. But after all that knish PLUS pierogies, I was a little potatoed up to my ears this morning so I'm gonna go back later today to get a box of those dee-freakin-licious chocolate-covered spongy pieces of heaven.
Ok mind you I grew up with Chompies. as a child we would go bowling and go next door and get bagles on sunday morning. That was near Shea and 32nd street where they first started.

I hadn't been to chompies in years but always bought their goods in the grocery store.  I was expecting the great atmosphere of my childhood.  The brothers in the back cooking and a few New Yorker men up front kicking some customer service ass and getting people their bagels and cream cheese in a quick manner.  

I was disapointed when I arrived at 730 am on a saturday (late as far as I was concerned for a bakery). There were a bevy of beautiful young girls behind the counter no line and It still took me over 15min to get two bagels toasted with cream cheese to go.  Yes I was already in a bad mood but this was totaly flipping me out. I felt like jumping back there and getting it done for them.  

The bagles are still good.  Not as good as I remember them but it hit the spot.

so yes they still get four stars but PLEASE start teaching the help how to get things done a bit quicker.
Food is amazing, the service sucks. I have been in for breakfast lunch and dinner and they are all consistently under staffed. Tons of fun waiting for food, refills, check, etc. Would easily get a 5 if they can figure out their staffing issues.
We are from Colorado, came to Arizona on vacation for two weeks. We are always looking for a great place to eat. while watching food network, man vs food, Adam was doing a challenge at Chompies. Adam made the Sliders look so good, we decided to try Chompies out. after reading the revues on Yelp, we drove to Chompies in Chandler; although we were staying in Scottsdale were there are two locations. 
Arrived at Chompies early in the morning wait staff was nice and friendly. We were depending on the wait staff to help with the menu, the menu is massive, if you have never been to a N.Y style deli you will need help with some of the menu selections. After 20 minutes of looking over the menu, a few of us decided on the Jewish Sliders, my son order the Eggs Benedict, and my daughters order fruit pancakes. Let's just say the food was wonderful, the Sliders were must as Adam said, juicy, the bread was nice and sweet, and the gravy added a nice touch. The brisket is in a class all by itself, tender and flavorful. I would give 5 stars but the breakfast prices were a little high. Great place over all!
Came here since it was on Man vs. Food to try the food and see how it is. I ordered the Jewish Sliders that were made famous as on the show and boy was it good. I seriously can't explain just how amazing this plate is. Wish I lived in Arizona just to eat here. I didn't get a chance to try their bakery but it looks like it is really good and worth a stop. It definitely hit the spot. Beef brisket and a potato pancake sliders? Yes please! 

Must have meal: Original Jewish Sliders
good food in a great location with original decor.  One of the few places in the Phoenix area that sells American Jewish food.
I usually get the traditional Lox and Bagel set up to go, and not until recently did I dine in. Actually we were outside on the misted patio with our two dogs. My brother ordered an omelet of the "Healthy menu" and I ordered the French Toast off the same menu column. We did the divide and conquer thing so the waitress brought extra plates, but let me just say that is probably the best french toast (or is it freedom toast) I have had in a long time. They encrust it with nuts and granola, and it is insanely good. I think they are sometimes lacking in the service area, but not enough to write a letter to the editor. It was rather busy as we were there on a Saturday AM but we did not wait long to sit.
I'm not a big fan of Chompies bagels or the bakery sweets. Think the baked goods are dry and bland. This is why 4 out of 5 is in order. However, everything else on the menu is spectacular. The moist and perfectly cooked meats go well with the fresh baked bread. If you are planning on taking on the slider challenge. My advise is to tackle the starch first. They are filling and the beef brisket you left behind will slide down real easy.
Why is it that despite the fact that my house in North Central Phoenix is located right across the street from a large synagogue, it seems that I have to drive to the East Valley to find a good Jewish deli and bagelry.

Chompie's has an overwhelmingly large menu and the service by many young college girls that they employ as waitresses is very eager and friendly. The food has always been good and the price is fair because of the overwhelming quantity of food that you receive.

We stopped in yesterday for lunch after visiting the ASU Art Museum for Family Fun Day. My wife had a large bowl of split pea soup, the kids split a chicken fingers and a chocolate-chip bagel and I had the Mitch's Brooklyner sandwich which is a three layer sandwich consisting of pastrami, corned beef and brisket on rye.

The other thing I love is that Chompie's is one of the few places that still sells salt bagels which are my favorite.

Now I'm not Jewish and I'm not from New York, so I'm sure that there are those who would disagree, but Chompie's is far and away the best option for a deli and bakery that I have found in the Valley.
I absolutely love Chompies! It's the closest thing to a New York style deli that I have found in Phoenix. They have a very large and extensive menu and everything I've ordered has been really good.

They also have an amazing bakery that offers a very large assortment of tasty treats such as black and white cookies, red velvet cake, enormous clairs, napoleons, and New York style cheese cake.

I'd say that my favorite thing on the menu is the pastrami sandwich, although I recently tried the Jewish Sliders after seeing them on Man vs. Food. The sliders were really good, unlike any slider I have ever had. The challah bread and potato pancake gave these sliders a very unique flavor, very tasty. I also tried the Western Sliders and those are good as well. 

Although I live closer to their new location in Chandler, I still go to the Tempe location because of the hot ASU waitresses.

Chompies is the best!
really enjoyed chompies went twice during my recent stay in AZ 
i Had the Turkey mile high sandwich it was great and so was the black/white cookie my husband had the ultimate jewish sliders and an amazing bowl of matzo ball soup i will def go back !!!
I was recently on a business trip in Arizona and looking for a place to eat.  We were driving and wanted to try something NOT chain.  The signage was a little misleading, as we thought this was like a small bakery.  I told my co-workers, "hooooold the phone and let me yelp a bitch!"  

We were ecstatic to find that Chompie's had an EXTENSIVE menu with all kinds of dee-lish sandwiches and treats, as well as a bakery!  The waitress had to come back to our table like a hundred times because we couldn't figure out what the hell we wanted.  She suggested the pastrami.

OH EM GEE, best pastrami sandwich I have EVER had, EVER!!!!  I hated my fat, bloated salty life the next day, but it was so worth the misery!  We went back to AZ a few weeks later and relied on Chompie's for another amazing meal.  I also had the grilled cheese sandwich....not so much.  Stick to the pastrami and you will be a happy camper!
I'll be very honest...the only reason I went here on a recent trip to Phoenix is because of Man vs. Food.

Having said that...the food I had was awesome!  I got the original Jewish Brisket Sliders and it is a Jewish guy's wet dream.
Three sliders made with Challah (nice!), deliciously tender brisket (nice!), crispy latke (double nice!), and an onion ring (chaching!).
All served with natural cut fries and some brown gravy.

The only way this would have been better is if it was served up by a half-naked Natalie Portman (you have to keep health codes in mind).

Can't wait to get back to Phoenix and go to Chompie's again!
I've been here for various meals of the day and I've definitely enjoyed them all.  I wanted corned beef for breakfast but not with hash since I wanted to try their latkes.  It's great to have it by itself instead of being mixed with the hash.  They make great sandwiches as well and they give you plenty so you won't go away hungry.  

Service is great and you won't notice the wait.  I spent more time looking over their expansive menu than waiting for the food.  Can't forget to have a real boiled bagel and you can definitely taste the quality in all that they do!
This place is a hit or a miss... I have occasionally had great food when I went here, while other times I have been disgusted.

Their bagels are quite delicious.  They apply a lot of cream cheese, so if you are counting calories, then make sure you have them put the cream cheese on the side.

I have had both the Regular Sliders and the Southwestern Sliders, and both are delicious... Try either, depending on if you would rather your meat have gravy or barbecue sauce, respectively.

I would stay away from their coffee.  Something just does not taste right in it.  That, and they do not provide fresh creamers.  

All in all, this is a decent place, with tons of options.  Stop on in if you're nearby, but do not drive out of your way for this one.
Yeah, this place is pretty good.

We live in Glendale (shut it, we know) and the food is definitely worth the drive to Tempe.  While I am sure this spot was always popular due to the food and location in the heart of ASU, its cameo on Man vs. Food has done nothing if made Chompie's a must visit for out-of-towners.  Have no fear, as the food does not disappoint, ESPECIALLY the sliders.  I cannot say enough about how good those stupid mini-sandwiches are.  They receive top billing and completely deserve it.

This is a deli and bakery in the truest sense of the word.   There are several menu options, but sandwiches and baked goods are the stars here.  Come hungry because Chompie's does not know the meaning of the phrase "manageable portion."  Depending on the time, you may be forced to wait for seating, but that should reinforce the notion that you came to the right place.  To give you perspective, we came in July and gladly sat outside just so we could eat sooner, desert sun be damned.  

You really cannot go wrong here, but do yourself a favor and make sure somebody in your party gets the sliders just so you can steal a bite or 9.
An extensive menu and a diversified bakery give this place lots to offer.  Clean atmosphere, TVs, friendly staff.  A solid choice for any time of the day.
The sliders are awesome and I beat the Chompies challenge!...........not really.  I say this because Tuesday is the day to head over to Chompies and eat your heart to death with all you can eat sliders.  While I didn't eat the dozen sliders and beat the challenge, I did beat the price tag by going the all can eat route.

Back to the real point here, the food.  The sliders were pretty damn close to perfection.  The bread was magically soft, the brisket nicely cooked to a tender and flavorful point that melts in your mouth, the potato pancake was just awesome with a crunch creamy change of pace to the texture and the sauce just dead on, not to much that the sliders were soggy.  Like I said, just about the perfect slider. The western were good also, but stick with the original.

Skip the $40 challenge, head over on Tuesday and gorge yourself to death on Chompies awesome original sliders!
Chompies is the best. Sliders are awesome. That's all thats to it,
yummy yummy. I'm going to have to take an extra hot yoga class for this. just got a everything bagel with a mile high pile of cream cheese, too much cream cheese for the bagel but I'm just gonna eat it with my finger.
Chompies always takes care of my members, i am happy to go. Food is always great and servings are large.
I have been to this Chompies many many times and it is always alright, not the best Jewish deli food, but solid. I went there this morning to pick up a couple of bagels and they were good. They have a good consistency, but I've noticed the last few times I have been there and gotten everything bagels, they don't have much in the way of toppings.... not like most everything bagels. I think this location is my least favorite as they have restricted hours and the food doesn't measure up to some of their other locations.
For some reason I thought this place was Just a bagel shop, boy I sure was delighted to be wrong. I've had their breakfast sliders twice now and they are delish! I cant forget to mention the homestyle potatoes & sausage gravy that come along side are a perfect compliment!
Had a really unpleasant dining experience tonight. I've eaten here many times and it's been fine. I write this tonight hoping that a manager will read this and take corrective action. First - I had to wait 20 minutes and when I was seated the restaurant was empty except for about 4 tables. this was before 7 pm. 
Second when I ordered the waiter told me they were out of pastrami. How does a deli run out of pastrami?? Especially when at least half of t)e items on the menu contain pastrami!
Third mthe corned beef i got instead was so fatty and tough it was hard to eat.
Fourth I had to wait half an hour after I finished eating to have my plate cleared and get a check. 
Fifth when I left at about 7:50 they had locked the front door and wanted me to go out into their very dark parking lot through a side door. There were several other tables still eating but they turned out the lobby lights after I left - closing time is at 8. 
Last the staff - while not really rude - had NO interest in the customers. They blew everything off, didn't speak except to tell me the front door was locked (one girl said it wasn't and opened it for me). They made it abundantly clear that they could care less about their work- and I am a very uncrabby easy-going diner.
Oh, yeah, and the bagels I bought to bring home were hard as a rock.
It will be a LONG time before I return.
Loved the sampler of different pickles.

The decor was fun.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly, explaining to us the menu our first time there.  

We had the reuben sandwich and the sliders.  Both were delicious.

We didn't have any space left for dessert, but we did pick up some pastries for the drive home.
I grew up going to Chompie's and feel like i've had so many things from their menu but haven't even come close to trying it all -- their menu is like a novel.  Breakfast -- love their mexican options like their chilequiles, all of their bagels are amazing -- I recently tried a salt bagel with pumpkin cream cheese mmm. Lunch/dinner -- they make amazing matzah ball soup, all of their sandwiches are huge and amazing, plus they have a bunch of bread options - I love their egg salad one.  Desserts -- they have really yummy pastries like cookies, cupcakes and typical jewish ones like hamantaschen
I had one of the skillets, and was very impressed.  Huge portions of food, and all of it was quite good.
I flew out of Atlanta at 7:45 AM EST, and landed in Phoenix Sky Harbor at 10:45 MST.  At around 2:30 PM, I was sitting in Phoenix Municipal Stadium watching Fall League baseball, and I realized that the last food I ate were airplane peanuts.  In right field was an advertisement for Chompie's, and after acknowledging the hunger, it became all-consuming.  I grew cranky, and my head began to throb.  I was pleased when the game ended in seven innings due to a lack of pitchers or something, instead of disappointed at being denied a full game after coming from so far, but I was got-damn hungry, so I was out the gate and in my rental bee-lining to Chompie's.

The location is extremely easy to get to on the predictable grid-like roadways of Phoenix, and there's plenty of free parking, which starts this visit on the right foot.  The interior is relatively clean, open, and welcoming to small groups or possibly families, with a good amount of seating available.  There was no wait for me on a Friday afternoon, between lunch and dinner.

As much as I enjoy Man v. Food, and challenging everything that Adam Richman does, my track record isn't that great.  That being said, I was tempted to undertake the infamous slider challenge, but the truth is that I've never had the sliders before, so I didn't even know if I would like them, let alone be capable of eating five pounds of them.  So just a regular order of sliders was all I ordered.

When they arrived, I was in awe.  These were no dinky Krystal/White Castle sliders that I associate with the food description slider.  They were larger, fresher, and oh so beautiful.  Before even taking the first bite, my expectations shot through the roof.

And my beautiful god, did they not disappoint.  I swear I was on the cusp of tears after the first bite.  I know I was starving when I ate, but they were just genuinely fantastic.  I want to put a potato pancake on everything I eat from now on, because a combination of the tender meat and slightly crisp along the edges potato pancake made everything make sense.  The gravy only made things better.

Words really can't express just how good these things were.  When I tried, some inappropriate words came out of my mouth.  Despite the fact that it was my first meal on my trip, and I was visiting for just a few days, I knew a second trip was in order.  After the three sliders, I was pretty content, so I don't think I would've been able to finish off a challenge.

But I'll just swear by them regardless, and declare that the next time I'm out in Arizona, Chompie's is mandatory.
Day after thanksgiving me and my buddy thought we would have breakfast at Chompies. The place was crowded but we got seated right away. At first glance it looked like any other major deli, but after seeing the menu I saw that they have a different kind of selection. 

Wanting to try a something new I went for the famous "Original Jewish sliders" as featured on Man vs Food. They are 2 pieces of challah with latka and and brisket, topped with cheese.  It was great, and It was super filling. I don't know how he had 11 of them. I was full after 3. They are packed and rich with ingredients. 

My friend ordered the Spanish omelet, and he said it wasn't very good, but he finished it cause he was hungry. 

Overall I would have to try more stuff on the menu to really judge this place. The service was pretty good, and friendly, but a lot of the food just looks average.
I absolutely LOVE Chompie's.  The breakfast is incredible.  The problem at this location is the service.  It is obviously staffed by ASU students due to the proximity to the college and they seem more intent on chatting than doing their jobs.

The food is great, when you actually get YOUR food and not the order of table next to you.  THREE times a server walked by my table and just dumped a plate of food in front of me,with hardly a glance at me or my companion.  Not a single time was it MY order.

When I did get my order of two eggs, potatoes, bacon, and the customary bagel, it was very good.  My companion could not say as much for his grilled cheese on Challah bread.  It was greasy and mediocre.

I do recommend their bakery though- take home an eclair and you will not regret it!
I ordered a very delicious breakfast combo consisting of whole-wheat pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon. The pancakes are unexpectedly large and the perfect thickness that I liked. 

Aside from the long wait time to get seated, the food was excellent and worth it. I'd probably stop by again and try their other dishes that also looked amazing.
Eh, this place is just okay.  My partner is from NYC and was hopeful he'd found a place that could make a pastrami sandwich like he eats at home.  He was disappointed and my veggie chili was just okay too.  Not on my list of places to return...
I want to love Chompie's, but every time I venture in it's simply an average experience.

Average in breakfast quality and price, Chompie's is a great place to go if you're looking for brunch on the weekends. Expect a wait when you get there!

While the atmosphere is comfortable and the service was average, there's not a lot that makes Chompie's super special. The eggs benedict I ordered was good but not extraordinary. The portion sizes and prices were equivalent. The service was complimentary but expected at such an established joint.

Experience Chompie's at least once but don't pull in thinking you'll have the best breakfast of your life. Comfortable, easy, and average.
Good bagels and I'd recommend for some breakfast nosh.
We hadn't even gotten our chow when I decided this place was, at best, a 2. Why? Marginal service and marginal food

PROS: the bus boy was busting his hump and doing a damn good job

CONS: food was on the tail end of warm. How does this happen in a place 10% full at 0730 on a Thursday?  Service was less than pleasurable: our waitress exacerbated a sour experience by coming across like she wished she was somewhere else, far away. Anyway, she arrived about 5 mins after we were seated--it's a workday morning--I want to eat and go!    Drink order is executed and another 5 mins passes. It's coffee and a soda, not fresh squeezed kiwi juice--why 5 mins?  We finally place the order, and our server stops at 4 tables to refill water, bus table, and take an order. Hey! How about getting my order in the system? "Crispy bacon, please!" was a bridge too far; sausage links didn't even get to the warm category, as the first bite led me to question if the sole grill mark was an act of cosmetology or a malignant omen.  Come on, really?

I've done Chompies 3x, all for bfast, primarily due to convenience of location to ASU. Each time the chow is no better than average, service just an okay. Today, Chompies failed me. 

I won't be coming back.

Cheers!
RS
Love Chompies. Takes me back ten years to life on the east coast. The Pastrami and Chicken noodle soup combo was outstanding this last visit.
Chompies has the best matzo balls ever! Their service is pretty awful so I don't eat in very often, but when I'm feeling under the weather there's nothing like an order of matzo ball soup to go! I think it's a bit pricey, but since there's no where else to get this stuff, I can't really complain. I get the small size soup with an extra matzo ball and the total is around $7. (I love the matzo balls but have never been a big soup fan; I like just enough soup to keep the matzo balls warm)
Visiting Tempe for the week, and after watching the episode of Man V Food for this place, I have been wanting to try it out. Got there and split an Original Slider dish with my brother, 3 sliders with brisket and the potato pancake (which just takes like a hashbrown, was expecting more, maybe a little more crispiness). And we also upgraded to the delicious onion straws and it came with a tasty gravy and I think also some chipotle, which I couldn't stop eating. $11.99 + $2.99 for the onion straws

Tried some Hot Pastrami on Sourdough sliced bread, it was... eh. I thought I read that the pastrami was supposed to be really good but I might have read wrong or something. I guess we found out the pastrami was steamed later, so thats why the pastrami had a weird texture and not too much flavor, but oh well. Came with choice of potato salad or coleslaw. $7.99

Also tried some Lovey's Oreo Cheesecake just for the hell of it. The temperature was cool, I prefer it colder. But not bad. On the menu it was $5.25, but they charged us $4.95. 

Also came some pickles. The service was nice and quick.

All in all, decent food, sliders were the best part, great service, I probably won't be back since I'm only here for a week, but at least I can finally say I tried it.
I have never had sliders and matzo ball soup as tasty as Chompie's. Their normal sized portions are huge, they dish out a lot of meat, and I love the NY theme inside. It isn't mind blowing enough for me to become a regular however I'm glad my cousins took me to this place
Hi Chompies! You're the fantastic! Your Chorizo Con Queso is amazing and so is your bakery (rainbow cookies are bomb). I love the environment, your helpful staff, and GOOD food!
The food is delicious. This spot is always busy, from early morning until later afternoon. They even have a Chompie's Challenge to eat a bunch of mini sandwiches. It has a New York, Jewish deli type feel. I'd recommend it!
Jewish Sliders are the second best thing on the face of the planet for hangovers. The service is usually slow and not very attentive. On weekends there is a 10 minute wait at least - but the food speaks for itself. Sammi's munchy crunchy wrap in both original and buffalo is a close second of my favorites. I would always get some chocolate milk and possibly a mimosa. Bagels are obviously great and they give you pickles! Can't beat that.
{Actual Date of Visit: 12/21/2011}

Yay, a NY inspired spot!  I came here with some friends during finals week.  It was very lively!  I needed a cranberry mimosa stat!!  It was yummy!  Bobka Crumb French Toast.  I'm a sucker for French Toast!  It was good, but just a tad bit soggy with all the toppings.  All 3 of my friends ordered the chicken and waffles due to the rave reviews.  Unfortunately, one of my friends had to send hers back because it was lukewarm.  The other one felt the chicken and waffles wasn't authentic due to the use of chicken fingers and didn't like the cheese and corn added to hers.  *Shrug* Looked good to me.  The waitress was such a sweet girl!

So many choices! I'll have to come back!
Really good Jewish breakfast sliders, Jewish sliders, and buffalo benedict.
I've eaten here three times and three times I got the Jewish sliders.  You really just can't go wrong with them :)  The only downside is because it's right on ASU campus, this place is PACKED basically at all times during the weekend but it's SOOOO worth the wait.
Love the pickles that are placed on the table as you sit down. I had one of the best salads I have ever had here! It was loaded with goodies - avocado, tomatoes, feta cheese, chicken, and much more! I can't remember what this salad was called, but I wish I lived out here so I could get it again and again!

Our food took a little longer than usual to come out, but no biggie! Everything was so darn good, I wish Chompie's was available in Chicago. Our server was very friendly and attentive. Chompie's is a Tempe staple!
My very first (has been several times since) was awesome.  A friend took me there.  While waiting for the check, a waitress (that didn't even take care of us) told my friend and me to please wait.  We looked at each other wondering what was going on.  She came back with an envelope.  She explained to my friend that the last time he was there, he over paid! Mind you, this was over 3 months ago (according to him) since his last visit there.  Now THAT is impressive!  Anyone that is that honest and has ethics like that, the restaurant chose a great server!!

Since then, I have brought my son, mother (from out of town) and my friends there.  ALL love it! I even refer my customers who have come back telling me how awesome the experience and food was!
I split the jewish sliders and pastrami (as recommended by the other yelpers on this page) and was absolutely delighted!  I love the pickles at the beginning of the meal, the fried potatoes inside my silders, the heaping mounds of meat in the pastrami sandwhich, and that huge, happy bloated feeling as I waddled out the door.  All in all, great service, great food.  Come hungry, eat lots.  :)
This is a really great deli. It stacks up with the big name places that I have been to in NYC and Chicago. Very impressive.

They have both a sit down restaurant and take out area. I actually got a bit confused by that since most of the delis I have been to everyone goes through the takeout line and then sits down if they want or takes it out. oops! Other than that little bit of confusion I had a great experience. I got a pastrami sandwich that was piled SUPER high just like you would get out east. The pastrami was cut a bit on the thinner side, but it was VERY good. I got a side of potato salad that was also pretty good but nothing to call home about. 

Service was very nice... I couldnt decide between the corned beef or pastrami but the girl behind the counter said to go with the pastrami. The wait was not long at all for my food. I took my to go order outside and ate on the patio since it was a beautiful night. If I am ever back in the area I will definitely be coming back, maybe for some breakfast too since they had some good looking bagels and such.
Chicken schnitzel was amazing. Service was slow and server didn't know the menu. Didn't know what a knish was.
Shortly after my plane landed we headed to Chompie's because we saw the Man vs. Food challenge. 

We ordered the Reuben sandwich to split and a Jewish slider.
Man was it enough food. 

The classic reuben was delicious to say the least.
Pretty sure I had the best fries I've ever had as well. 
The slider was very very good 

Please go to Chompie's.
Must try the jewish sliders!
A semi-delicious breakfast slider composed of a latke, turkey sausage patty, fried egg, and cheese on an egg roll is $3.50.

A glass of orange juice is $3.99 and the refills are NOT free.

What's the deal, shlameel?
Ordered "Rare Roast Beef" straight from the menu and it came out well done. Told my server, he came back from the kitchen and told me "we actually don't have rare roast beef." How do you call yourself a deli?
Chompie's is pretty awesome. They have a great menu with mile high sandwiches! Everything I've eaten from there has been great and the service has always been awesome as well. I love all of the pastries that they have, I had been looking for some decent cannoli's in Tempe for a while when I stumbled across this place. Definitely a great place to go for a sandwich or breakfast.
Popped in for take-out because the brothers wanted to try Chompie's Jewish sliders.  It was all Adam Richman's fault.  But when you hear it's a fresh-baked-from-scratch mini challah roll filled with moist lean beef brisket, real Jack cheese and a homemade potato pancake (latke) with a savory brown gravy on the side, you just want to try it.  Unfortunately, it was just okay.  

The matzoh ball soup wasn't bad but my black & white cookie was dry.  Pleh.  Plus service was deplorable.
I love coming here for breakfast. I've ordered about 4 different items and they are all outstandingly delicious. It's usually pretty busy when I go on the weekends, but it's like a 5 minute wait to be seated- which is fine. I really love this food and this place, I highly recommend it.
It was not a busy night and the hostess was nowhere to be seen.  Ended up waiting for quite a bit.  The nice lady behind the deli counter sensed my annoyance and seated me.  The waiter brought a small glass of water and a tiny tray of quarter-sliced sour and half-sour pickles.  I really like the sours but not so much with the half-sours.  I ordered a full corned beef sandwich with Coney Island knish (my fave).  The waitress brought my order and I went right into the sandwich.  The corned beef left  something to be desired.  The corned beef was pretty dry so I had to drown the corned beef in mustard to make it more palatable.  The knish was overcooked and slightly burned leaving an off-putting taste, so again the mustard saved the night.

The only highlight of this dinner was a seven-layer cake.  It was delicious.

I was disappointed with their service and food quality.  I don't know if they had an off night.  I am a native New Yorker and have gone to Chompie's quite a few times and normally they delivered.
Waited on hold for someone to take my togo order for 7 minutes. Went down to pick up my 2 sandwhiches ($27) .  Both sandwhiches were missing the cole slaw side and we had to HUNT for the sauerkraut on Ruby's Reuben. 

This is not the first time you have meesed up my order, though it will be the last.
Deli and cakes were alright, but the highlight here is the sliders. Get the slider appetizer with any other meal, and it'll be worth it.
Oh Chompies, how I love you. I've been here several times and have never really had a bad experience. Sure, the wait is long-especially if you come here for brunch on the weekend but the wait is totally worth it. And hey! If you have a dog, this place is totally dog-friendly on the patio! :D

The portions are huge! Maybe it's just me, but every time I go I feel like I can maybe eat half of my meal-so you're definitely getting your money's worth. Some of my favorite things to order there are the bagel skins, tuna melt (rye and swiss-best evereverever), and the french toast. I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here. 

The only qualm I have is when I come here for brunch and order a mimosa. The so-called "large" mimosa is a joke. It's a regular size drink you'd get anywhere else. 

Overall, a great spot to grab breakfast or lunch!
Bad waffles. Tasted like they were frozen then microwaved before serving.
Foods good or above average but you pay for it.  I didn't see any great deals or even average deals.  It  would have been better if it was warm thus brings us to the service. Both times I have been there the wait staff were in way over their heads and realy didn't seem to care.  Even the bus boys seemed lost.  BY the time we got our food it was cold and you could tell it had been sitting around for awhile. Our order was wrong from appitizer to entree to drinks and no offer for dessert even if we had wanted it.  Totally forgot  the appitizer with no kind compensation of since they messed up.  Drinks were empty most of the meal and I'm a slow drinker. That said, we did like the food.  But I won't be going out of my way to eat there again.  We drove in from the east valley  to eat there, but it's just not worth the gas.
We went there yesterday a I enjoyed it. The atmosphere was fantastic, because they had a tv, plus they have a lot of pictures of Man V. Food, when Adam Richman came here. The service is good, because they waited for us to order, and were very patient.   I ordered the Jewish Slider like Adam did, but I didn't take the challenge. 1 order of Jewish SIiders are 3 sliders. The sliders were awesome. The meat was tender and really juicy. The cheese didn't really make a difference, it just added a little flavor, but the bun soft and chewy, and buttery which tasted like pancakes without syrup, and it was fresh. The potato pancakes put the lid on the jar. The potato pancakes aren't just a creative idea, it was very crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. There are 3 reasons why this isn't a normal slider. Reason number one is the Potato Pancakes, reason number two is the meat isn't a patty, and grinded beef that made that slider interesting. Reason number three is that the cheese is melted. REALLY melted. I will go again, because the sliders are amazing.
There is so much I love about chompies. Pastries are great. Love that I can get my fox's u-bet syrup there,lots of stuff. But,even in the newer place in chandler It still feels dirty. I think the atmosphere is just too early bird special. It keeps me away more than I would like.
Good food for the #1 Jewish gamer in the world Tarfu to eat at
I went to Chompies tonight with Valley Movie Group of meetup.com
This is the first time I've ever been to Chompies and I couldn't wait to run home and tell you how AHMAZING! my sandwhich was. 
I ordered the Aaron's Choice which is hot corned beef and pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, and 1000 island dressing on an onion roll.
This sandwhich was huge and stuffed full of meat. I assumed I would only be able to eat half and take the rest for lunch tomorrow. That's what I thought UNTIL I sunk my teeth into that sandwhich. It was soooo goood. The meat was tender and melted in my mouth. I could not stop eating and eating. This sandwhich could solve all my problems. This sandwhich makes the world a better place to live in.
I would recommend this sandwhich to ANYONE.
Service was great as well.
Great great great. I have never been but had a chance to pop in today and check it out. it's exactly what I expected and more. Super legit NY style deli. I went with the Jewish Sliders ($11.99). they came with three good size sliders with brisket, crispy potato pancake and cheese on Chollah bread. It also came with a side, I chose the macaroni salad and was super happy with it. it also came with thi sawesome gravy that i was head over heels for. All in all, a great spot to get a killer sandwich and authentic bagels.
Everything is good. Get there early for breakfasts as there's always a line! Huge deli to browse while you wait. The menu is overwhelming so take your time or get some recommendations from your server. 

Some of my Breakfast favs:

Chompies Benedict 
Bagel Breakfast Skins - the bagel flesh is removed and then filled w/scrambled eggs, chopped bacon, green onions, potatoes, and topped with melted cheddar cheese
Bobka Crumb French Toast is AMAZING if you want sweet this is it!
Corned Beef Hash -- order extra crispy if you like some crunch like I do

All very good!
Went here for breakfast since it was recommended. Service was very good since it was a busy morning.  I thought it was odd they service pickles with your drinks but hey I love pickles so I ate some! I ended up order french toast but the new york style. It was really fried so get ready for something greasy.  I think it wasn't what I expected so I did not enjoy it as much as I enjoyed my boyfriends bagel egg sandwich. Will try again another day.
Chompies has the best bagels in AZ. Period.

Most places under cook their bagels, and they are too doughy- like Einstein's. 

Chompies bagels are unmatched and very tasty, along with their cream cheese, which comes in a ton of different flavor options.
I ordered the pastrami here and it was terrible. Everything about my sandwich sucked. The quality of the meat was very low, they used way to much cooking oil(on the "baked" pastrami), the pieces of bread they gave me were tiny, and the lettuce was brown! I was so disappointed. The service was nothing to brag about either. I don't think I will be returning.

I've enjoyed their bagels separately and I will admit their breakfast menu looked enticing. It is a sorry excuse for a deli though. If you're looking for a sandwich I would not recommend this place.
I love Chompies. Their food is always good especially the latkes and the breakfast anything. They aren't very good at caramelizing onions but most of the time they get my order right.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed yet.  Today got the Jewish sliders, just simply great meal. Along with the chicken soup, yum,yum,yummy.  I also love they have bialys, I usually get the corned beef hash and get a bialy. Of course the side of pickles is a great compliment to the meal. Only drawback at this place, parking. Been to PV location, but Tempe is my favorite. Plus the Chompie's Rewards is an added plus.
Went here for Christmas Day lunch with my husband and another couple. Chompie's was featured in The AZ Republic as being one of the few restaurants open. We went at noon and there were already 15-20 people in front of us waiting for a table. Not surprised about this, so we were ready to wait.  Customers kept coming in and tables opened up but no one was getting seated. Finally someone in our party asked what was going on.  They told us that they were behind in the kitchen and not seating anyone until they got caught up.  More people kept coming in to the point where there was no standing room left. People started walking out. We asked if we could could sit down even if we knew we weren't going to get served soon.  Was told no--that's not what they do. Finally a waitress came over to seat us because we had "already made a fuss." Really!!! Is that what you tell a customer. They explained that they were short handed because of the holiday. How about staffing up when you know you are going to be slammed on a holiday???
Food finally arrived. My soup was cold as we're my husband's French fries. Sandwich ok. Other couple seemed ok with their food. Overall, took almost 3 hours to get out of there.
Every time someone has suggested Chompie's in the past, I cringe because of their bad service. And this was beyond bad. And the rude, frustrated staff didn't help. Buy some good Boar's Head from your local grocery store and save yourself some headaches and time and make your own sandwiches at home.
We visited chompies nearly every Sunday for 5 years. The food for us was really good until about 2 years ago, the quality started going down hill, I imagine it was due to the economy. We still went religiously, even though the food was hit or miss. About 4 months ago we went and I had the worst experience of my life. I ordered my usual, the eggs benny with smoked salmon... when they dish was brought out i could smell the fish, i knew it wasn't fresh. After arguing with the waitress she took it back and brought me a new one, which still smelled aweful, I took a few bites and couldn't finish it. 45 minutes later i experience the worst food poisoning of my life... I called to let them know to not use that fish, no idea if the message got to the kitchen... emailed them a complaint and never heard a word. All hope is not lost though! we found a new local breakfast place that we love, so maybe it is for the better. You will be missed Chompies....
I doubt I can say anything that hasn't already been written. It is a great NY style deli located in the middle of Arizona- sort of. 

Every time I have eaten at Chompies it has been a very good experience. I have only gone during weekdays so I never really had to wait. The service is always friendly. The sandwiches are always piled high with meat and there are a lot of options to select from. It is difficult not to figure out something that you like. 

It is a little pricey, that would be the only draw back, but I never left where I wasn't stuffed.
I took my dad to the resturant a couple months ago and the first time for him was a good experiance.  the second day we went back it was not so good experiance.  So I have waited a couple months to go back and may never go back again.  We watied forever to get our food, about 45 min, when i approached the hostess to check she said no, this nice young waiter said he would, and poof it was out.  Not to mention they were still wrapping the silverware by grabing the fork by the prongs and not the bottom part, big health violation.  When i did get my order the waitress gave me the wrong bagel and she forgot the home fries.  I am seeing a pattern that one should sit in the male waiter section because they are not bitchy.  It is sad for the waitresses, because i have been know to tip a 100% of my bill since breakfast is so reasonable.  I don't think the owners and managers that the attitude of the young ladies is so poor and that reflects badly on the resturant.  I don't think i will go back to this one for a long time.
By far, the best Bagels west of NY City! Many flavors bagels are usually still warm from the oven no matter what time of day I go there. Bakery goods and Deli area items are top quality too with a huge selection. Pasteries & desserts are amazingly delicious. A+++++
Not for the faint of heart or appetite or the New York Deli purist. 

We arrived late on a Sunday morning and the wait was not too long and fairly orderly. The menu at this place is huge, which I liked. While we waited, we perused the bakery case where there were a variety of delicious looking pastries. 
The big thing here apparently is the Jewish slider, and I had to try it because, where else am I going to get such a thing? I ordered the gravy on the side and thoroughly relished two out of the 3 velvet brisket,crisp latke, j ack cheese and gravy sandwiches on homemade challah rolls. They were quite tasty but I cannot believe anyone could eat 12 of these things to get on the wall of fame, or whatever it is. 
My sweetie had a fantastic bacon omelet with a jalapeno cheddar bagel. They do have salted caramel cream cheese which is just too weird for me, but BF enjoyed his  bagel with plain cream cheese and house potatoes in case there was a serious carb shortage. . 
Service was sweet, iced tea refills kept coming. Only problem was our server brought the check before asking if we wanted dessert....we had to grab some of the sweets to go and ,although eye appealing, the cannoli  were not the highlight of the meal. 

I do have a question though? How do you explain all the lovely young and thin Arizona State students ensconced in booths eating mammoth portions of food? How does that work? I could not eat here often, or they would be wheeling me out , but definitely worth a trip for the "Jewish" sliders.
There are a handful of places just minutes from Mill Ave that I think of when it's time for breakfast when I don't want to drive too far - Chompie's never disappoints! 

On rare occasions, there won't be a wait - so don't show up starving in case there is one. Love the bagels here (OBVIOUSLY) even though I just like plain with cream cheese. Great with a cup of regular coffee and omelet. I ordered hash for the first time last week. Served with lots-o-meat, but wasn't the best I've had - so I'll stick with omelets from now on.

P.S. Chompie's has these ridiculously good cookies you can eat (or bring home) while waiting called Rugelach - OMG - where have they been all my life? The apple or light colored ones are the best! Now I hope there is a line every time I go just as an excuse to eat these before breakfast.
I love this place!!!!!!  Nothing like fresh food that's GOOD!!!

I slid into home and I'm SAFE! At Chompie's
I have never eaten here before and I don't think I will ever come back. I arrived around 5:30 pm with my parents, my son, and my niece. Chompie's has a patio so we asked to sit outside. There were other people sitting outside as well. The hostess said, "Let me check to see if someone will serve you out there." From my experience working at restaurants with patios, if someone wants to sit outside, you seat them outside. Anyways, she came back and said, "Oh the patio is closed now." Since when do restaurants close the patio especially on a beautiful day like yesterday? I wanted to complain, but just shrugged it off. The menu is very large, but nothing looked very appetizing to me. I ordered the caesar salad and baked potato soup. The soup was okay, but the salad was not very good. It was mostly iceberg lettuce and did not have much taste at all. Not impressed at all.
To be completely honest, I had had a bit of a rough go as far as Scottsdale/Tempe dining had gone during my recent weekend visit for Spring Training. Fortunately, that all changed when I walked through the doors of Chompie's Deli.

Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?

Excellent on all fronts. Whether you're here for just a quick dessert at the bakery or for a full dining blowout with a big group (which was my case, having walked in 13 deep), Chompie's has you covered, and even our rowdy bunch was quickly accommodated by a friendly staff. Well done. Star Granted.

Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?

Having seen Adam Richman fail to take on the slider challenge here at Chompie's, there was no doubt in my mind that I was going sliders here. While you can get three and a side for $12 ($4 per slider), you can grab the 12-slider challenge tray for $40 ($3.33 per slider). Whichever way you go, it's totally worth it. Three sliders is more than enough for a meal and the side is the cherry on the cake. I opted for the tray with half "Jewish" and half "Western":

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LXp_5OlR7luoCdbj1HV0sg&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg

Boom baby. Fair prices. Star Granted.

Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?

Wow. Honestly this was excellent. I've had sliders in the past, but nothing like the Jewish sliders here at Chompie's. The meat was great and rolls an excellent compliment, but it was the mini potato pancakes inside that really had me over the moon. They were great plain, they were great with gravy, they were great with bbq sauce, and they were great with garlic ranch, all of which were provided with very good potato-wedge style fries. This was a great experience. Dual Stars Granted.

Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?

I absolutely would. Not only does a massive menu compliment fair prices, a great staff and brilliant desserts at the bakery, but the sliders are unlike anything I've ever experienced. Excellent. Star Granted.
3 stars for the food (I'm a deli snob from NY and the rye bread fell apart with the Russian dressing on it long before I could get to the 2nd half of the sandwich). However, 5 stars for my server, Aubrey, who did a PHENOMENAL job of providing outstanding customer service. GIVE THAT WOMAN A RAISE !!!
Brisket was dry and flavors were not so great
The menu is astounding, so many choices. Truly something for everyone - Jewish classics, Mexican items, super-healthy items, super NOT healthy items, Dr. Brown's sodas.
The breads are really good as they make them themselves - I noticed the buns on the burgers and sliders are definitely better quality than the typical delivery buns other restaurants have to choose from. YUMMY hot pastrami on rye!

Prices a bit high. But I will say it's a LOT of food, and easily creates another meal to go, or two of us share one!
Atmosphere: Love the NY murals all over the walls, complete with subway signs. If I were from NY, I'd feel at home again.

We have no complaints. Everyone has been friendly, service timely, and no problems at all.

TIP: GREAT matzo ball soup, one of the best around according to my Jewish friends.
If you want a lot of breakfast food, without even realizing you order a lot of breakfast food, then stop by Chompies. It was a saturday morning, and the place was packed, which reminded me of a bob evans after sunday church. 

Word of advice, don't read the whole menu. Have an idea of what you're craving before opening the menu, and go straight to that section. Omelet, sandwich, salad, whatever. Their menu is extensively dizzying and could give you a seizure if you stare too long at it.

I simply ordered some strawberry pancakes and my fiance ordered an omelet with some home fries and toast. I got a huge stack that had 3 pancakes with whipped cream, strawberries and syrup. My fiance's order was equally as big. She also ordered a napolean for dessert (at 9 am?) and it was way too sweet and a little on the stale side. I would guess Chompies is not known for their dessert section.

Overall, if you want good breakfast, and a lot of it at a reasonable price, then give this place a try.
This was my first and last visit to Chompie's. 
The food was pretty good...I had the Monte Christo. Our waitress was nice and the service was good. 
BUT, our booth smelled like stinky feet. I kept getting whiffs of the foot funk and thought it was my imagination. I finally mentioned it to my husband and he smelled it too. Picturing all the sweaty asses that sat on that booth before me was enough for me to never, ever return. And to think, I used to hate the managers who made me wipe down the booths back in the day when I waitressed in college to support my  drinking habit.
Chompie's is an Arizona staple and huge with the ASU community as most of their servers, decorations and customers are either ASU students or parents of. That being said, Chompie's is known and loved by AZ natives. I'm not a native, or an ASU student, I just came here for good food and I hate to say, I wasn't particularly impressed.

The place is very much diner style: casual, overly decorated and giant portions. I got a greek skillet with the traditional fried egg, potatoes, veggies and feta cheese (to actually make it "greek"). The skillet was quite large and exploding with ingredients, but there was really nothing special to the food itself. After I drowned it in hot sauce it became a little less bland, but I only managed to eat half of it before I lost interest. There really wasn't anything particularly special: the components tasted pre-made and assembled. The prices were very manageable for the size of the meal and our ASU-student-server was pretty nice. I don't doubt that this is a traditional and 'regular' spot for many people in the valley, I just wanted more out of my breakfast.
First time at Chompie's was today for breakfast and we were not disappointed. Great choices and  great food. The northern omelet was filled with corned beef hash and covered with melted cheddar and the granola pancakes were huge and delicious.
My last experience with Chompie's was a horrible one. I was given the name and number of the corporation manager. As soon as he heard my name he denied it ever happened before I told him what had happened.  Instead of a deserved apology he claimed the incident never took place, so it was my word against his! Calls to the owners were not returned. Needless to say they have lost all my future business including catering. In contrast I took friends to Joe's Farm Grill last week. The ribs were slightly undercooked. I complained only as a favor to the restaurant, not expecting a thing. Their corporate manager found me and gave me back a full refund on the two dinners I had purchased plus a $100 gift certificate!
Our family of four went to Chompies following ASU graduation yesterday. The line was out the door and it was very crowded but we had agreed to wait as long as necessary as we love the food here. What impressed me most at this visit was the attitude of the staff.  Mitch was working hard trying to accommodate everyone, with and without reservations and the hostesses and servers kept their high energy positive attitudes up even when guests were vocal about their disappointment about the wait. The service at the table was perfect, as if we were the only ones there and they kept refilling my husband's complimentary pickles. I can't begin to imagine how our server managed to do everything she did with a smile.  The food is delicious, it's clean as a whistle and the staff is great. All trips to ASU include at least one trip to Chompies.
(Lyrics - Deep Blue Something - Breakfast at Tiffany's)

I'll say, we should go to Chompies
A coffee ground to start with
Or we'll start to fall asleep
I'll say, Adam from Man vs. Food was here
He did the sliders challenge and lost
Still I know you just don't care

And I said what about Breakfast at Chompies?
She said I think I remember that show
And as I recall I think, we both kind o' liked it
And I said well that's, the one thing we've got


Chompies has been serving East Coast style breakfast in the valley since 1979!  Located close to ASU Campus this place is packing with tradition and memories.  

Breakfast is served throughout the day.  Pick up some fresh made pastries and bagel on your way in or out!  Last first time came I ordered he All American Breakfast -- YUMMY! Crispy bacon, warm turkey sausage, crispy hash browns, and over easy eggs. I'm a sucker for good breakfasts.  The 2nd time I came I ordered the Breakfast of Champions.  Let's just say I wasn't a champion this time around.  I finished my eggs and bacon, but man those pancakes or ginormous!  I think I ate 1/3 even though I was trying to carb load for my run that day.  Eaters be aware; the portion sizes hard HUGE!  

The place itself is made like a deli shop.  I don't think much has changed since the open since it seem pretty dated.  It was fun searching for the different Broadway plays painted on the walls which brought back great memories.

Our service was excellent and the waitress seems to know a lot about the large menu.  Yes, not only were the portions huge....the menu itself was HUGE!  First timers I would definitely stay with breakfast.  You can't go wrong there! - Enjoy!
Everything is so good.
My job will order catering from Chompie's a few times a year but until I saw this restaurant featured on Man Vs. Food I never thought to visit.  I've been a couple times now and I've enjoyed it both times.  The staff was friendly, the food is good and enjoy the pickles a lot!

While I've had many different items from their menu when they have catered for my work I've only had the Jewish Sliders in their restaurant and I really enjoy them.  The normal serving is too much food for me so I always end up with some left overs for later.  Thankfully they still taste great after spending some time in the fridge.
Problem one . . . thought I knew what I was going to order before I got there (snuck a peek at there menu) . . . but the menu was just too larger for me to decide.  With that said . . . I let the person buying lunch decide for me . . . their choice for me . . . the Jewish Sliders.

Problem two . . . they were so good that three didn't seem like enough while I was devouring them.  Good thing I didn't order more . . . after a long conversation catching up with my friend . . . I realized that three was just right.

The food was good and hot, moist and tasty, and the pickles were just enough garlicy.  I will definately be back.

Oh, why not five stars . . . the air conditiong was blasting . . . and even though it is Arizona and over a hundred degrees outside . . . it was darn right chilly inside . . . turn that thermostat up about 5 degrees . . . please.
I've only been here twice and I grew up in Mesa and went to ASU. wtf.
had the huevos rancheros over the weekend. It was awesome! cute girls, great service. I like.
New York style restaurant. The decor makes you feel like you are in NY. Great food, feels fresh and made with care. People are very nice and friendly. I had a great breakfast. Would love to visit again. Its very close to ASU campus. What I loved the most was the pricing.
The BBQ salad is tremendous.  Love this place for breakfast and HUGE portions.  Fast paced staff always seems to be helpful enough.
My husband and I were out in Tempe today and stopped in to have brunch.  We frequent the Paradise Valley Chompies very often....there is absolutely no comparison.  This place needs a total rehab.  It looks dirty, the clientele there are messy, loud and obnoxious.  The waite staff is not at all knowledgeable.  Never again.
Way overpriced. The pastrami sandwich was good though. It had a good flavor, but I can't justify $12.99 for a sandwich and a little cup of potato salad. Now I'm not just talking about this sandwich. The rest of the menu was overpriced as well. Even the kids menu. Items on there were up to 8 or 9 dollars.

Service was ok. Seems that there are better places to spend your money than here. Like fancier places...
Huge menu with lots and lots of choices that you normally don't see anywhere else. Sandwiches and sliders are amazing! One of my fav places.
Haha... So I came in here to take on the Ultimate Slider Challenge on 06/10/2013 with a group of friends and made a video compilation of the whole thing.

Check it out on youtube to see the result: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzrfpQv63nk

Posted: picture of the slider challenge plate (5lbs!)
You'd think you were in NYC. Great selection of deli favorites and more for breakfast lunch and dinner. I'm a fan of the New Yorker w/ pastrami. The best bagels in Phoenix area.
Wow. Stopped by while in Tempe on business and looking for a quick lunch. Am I glad I did. A very good NY style deli serving all the staples and then some. I went basic, the Ruben Combo, for $9.99.

The split pea soup was yummy, I could have had a large bowl of just that, but I would call the brisket Ruben FANTASTIC. Flavorful, fresh yummyness. Also a very good slaw. Add to this the fast and friendly service and you know I will be back!
Had lunch here yesterday morning. There was a lot of people in due to the holiday, but it just took us a few minutes to get seated. Our server was nice and attentive. I had an internal dilemma on whether or not to have breakfast or lunch, but I decided on the cajun chicken ecstasy with fries. Our meals came out and they were huge of course. My sandwich was good, but I would have enjoyed it more if a) the bun was as big as the chicken breast or b) the chicken breast was smaller. I made a giant mess and all of the goodness fell out because it was difficult to eat. I've been here before and will be back.
Chompies is a go-to morning spot, especially after long nights. Friendly service, unique dishes, lots of flare... sometimes I just  want to pop in and hang out. The menu can be overwhelmingly huge, I often panic and order my usual fulfillment- the Arizona Benedict, plus a mound of chocolate chip pancakes. I go here expecting to break out a $20 bill because of my beast appetite, but it still seems that every item on the menu is heavily priced. Regardless, this is an extreme kind of place and I try to make it in whenever possible!
I got the classic Jewish Sliders which are apparently the go-to meal when you go to Chompies.   They were pretty darn good except the potato pancakes were a little too thick for my taste.  The roast beef unbelievably moist and tender though.  Everything in the bakery looked mouth-wateringly delicious.  I got the black and white cookie baked right on the premises and it certainly delivered.  Too bad I was only in town for a few days or else I would come back to try more things.
I've just found the perfect slider for me- the turkey slider! It's like a Thanksgiving meal, with white meat turkey, cranberry sauce, and turkey gravy. Every ingredient in this meal is something I love! The challah rolls are perfect, and the potato pancake adds a nice crunch to the slider. I was slightly disappointed that the jellied cranberry sauce looked and tasted like it came straight from a can, but that was a minor setback.

I also tried some of the pot roast sandwich. It was a massive meal, with huge slices of meaty pot roast with good flavor. 

I've also tried their bakery items, which are quite good. The cookies and cakes are, for the most part, really delicious. My favorite so far is the mouse cake. I've tried other cute looking mini-cakes, like the frog cake, but the frosting on it tastes a bit strange to me, and there's not enough of the "cake" part in it to balance out the massive amount of frosting.

They are also open an hour later now- very nice! (Until 9 P.M.)
Wow, it's been over 2 1/2 years but finally made it back over here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N.

First off was a bowl of good Kreplach Soup, and then I went with the "Grilled Grandpa Ruby's Colossal Reuben Sandwich".  This big boy came with a cup of tasty Cole Slaw & a generous serving of wedge-cut French Fries.  I asked for them well done & that's how they came...  crispy on the outside, soft on the inside & delicious!  We also received a generous serving of Kosher dill spears to share.

Ok, but "Colossal"??

YES!  This sandwich and the lunch overall was a SERIOUS FEAST, & completely delicious!

Our server Tanya B. & the rest of the staff were friendly & appreciative, & the dining room was comfortable.  The one thing holding them down a little this time was slow table service, but it's still a big "Yay!" overall for this visit.     :-))

Bowl of Kreplach Soup:  $2.99.  Grandpa Ruby's Reuben:  $13.99.
My mother had been in South Korea for over 2 years, and when she returned to the states this weekend, all she wanted was a pastrami sandwich. So we jumped on yelp and found Chompie's. I was a little hesitant as there were some mixed reviews, but we decided to go with it, and I'm so glad we did! We both had 1/2 "Mile High" pastrami sandwiches and the pastrami was delicious and juicy. My mom had the combo with a bowl of clam chowder which was thick and delicious. I noticed people complaining about the prices, but found the 1/2 sandwich combo to be more than enough food and quite reasonable at about $10 per person. We also ordered one of the turkey sliders which was actually the highlight of the whole meal. With the gravy and cranberry and that delicious latke all on a soft challah roll. Yum! We didn't experiences the poor services that other yelpers had complained about. In fact, I often gripe about the terrible service here in the Valley and I thought our waiter was exceptional. He was attentive and personable and overall we had a great experience. We will definitely be back! And this time we will save room for some of those delectable looking desserts from the case!
Me and my wife went here for lunch a week ago.  I can't say much about it.  The pickles were pretty good.  I ordered a Reuben sandwich which was disappointing at best because it hardly had any thousand island dressing, hardly had any sauerkraut, and had the wrong kind of corned beef (you're looking for corned beef round on a reuben sandwich, which is the leanest cut).  All-in-all, it didn't taste that great.

We ordered the German Chocolate cake to share, which was over baked and dry.

However, the day before, we had went there for just strictly dessert.  My wife got a pecan chocolate pie and I got a fruit tart.  Both were delicious.  Just based on those two desserts alone, I give the place three stars and am willing to give it another shot.

I just know better than to order the reuben.
Just OK - The food is pretty good but it is somewhat over priced in my opinion.
I met a group of friends for a Sunday brunch here and the food is certainly the star here. I probably would give it four stars if the service and atmosphere were better.

I had Dave's Deli Benedict. It was good. The corned beef hash was cooked perfectly and I loved having latkes in place of english muffins. The hollandaise sauce was just okay and the eggs were not all the way poached. The hash and latkes definately stole the show on it. I subbed the fruit for the homefries and got a standard fruit cup filled mostly with melons. I also got a brownie for the road and enjoyed it at home later that day. It was DELICIOUS! Perfectly moist and rich. The rest of my table seemed to enjoy their food and despite a hoard of flies interupting our meal, we all ate well. 

I wish the service lived up to the food. I felt like our server was annoyed with our presence. She also forgot some of our drinks but we didn't remind her later. And once we asked for the check, it took another 15 minutes to get it so we could pay. I'll definatelly give the place another shot. Maybe the near end of the Sunday brunch was just bad timing.
very good deli - not quite like the best NY delis but for being in Tempe it's OK.
Chompie's is a busy busy place. A 20-minute wait for table is not unusual. Although it is not my favorite New York deli (outside NYC of course), it is not too far off. Food is generous in portion, and tastes homemade. Everyone can find something they like from the very large menu selections. The baked goods are stacked near the entrance, and you can get old bagels for cheap. The dessert counter has some inviting items, like cannolis, but those are very pricey. Overall, if I want a hearty brunch with friends and don't mind the wait, Chompie's is on my list.
Chompies is definitely the best breakfast spot in the ASU area. On weekends you're going to have to 20-30 minutes for a table but it is well worth it. They have a very big menu which usually leads to me spending way too much time deciding on what to order but I'm always satisfied with what I get. Their reputation speaks for itself so if you have not been yet I suggest you go soon.
Had dinner with visiting family last night.  At six pm only three tables in the whole restaurant.  Service was slow and not everything was delivered as ordered.  In my view was a broom leaning against a wall.  Kind of felt like they wanted to close before we even got there.
Monster sized servings that will keep them buying to-go boxes. The menu is packed with options, including some traditional deli favorites. The endless pickle platter placed on each table is always a favorite. As a non meat eater, there was only a single sandwich option, but they had a couple good soups to choose from.
I frequent this place a lot. This morning I took my Grandpa for breakfast. The food I would give 3.5 to 4 stars. Nothing spectacular but good. Its hard to mess up breakfast. The reason Im rating this place 5 stars is for the service. Chompie's is always very busy, especially today. Our server Laura though was the best. She was very nice, attentive to detail, and polite. Its hard to find service like this and considering a college town makes it that much better. A handful of great breakfast spots in tempe, but because of the service I will still make this one my go to!!!!!!
I went here last week for the first time for a mid week brunch and the food was great! The menu was huge, filled with endless choices. My bagel was a little on the toasty side but other than that everything was absolutely delicious!

Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. However, one of the hostesses was very rude- couldn't catch her name but she was a very thin brunette. We were originally seated outside on the patio but realized soon enough that it was covered in little ants. When we asked to be reseated inside she rolled her eyes, let out a big sigh and mumbled "ya" and pointed to a table (didn't even walk us over to it!) As we ate I continued to watch her mannerisms and attitude with other customers only to find that she was very rude with them as well. She would walk much farther ahead of the guests, turning around with an annoyed glare and stance if they were not right behind her. She never once smiled. Perhaps she was having a bad day but I was still dumbfounded by her attitude and lack of customer service skills. Hopefully management takes notice because there's a lot of restaurants with great food but great customer service is what makes a place stand out from the rest.
Came here the other day with my girlfriends for lunch. Our server was decent not to talkative just got right to the ordering. Asked if we could have a few more minutes and he came back literally a minute later. Didn't get to look over the menu like I wanted! No big deal! I ordered the chicken tenders with fries. Something easy, wow portion size was huge!! Crispy and cooked just right! Ranch tasted bland but wasnt too bad. Food was great just wished the service was a little better. Will be back!
Went here for lunch. Large menu, good selection. We were a party of 4, and two of us had a very bad experience with the food, while two of us were satisfied with the food. Matzo ball soup was good, except for the large chunks of chicken bone in it. The meat on the Jewish sliders, as well as the potato pancakes on the Jewish sliders, had WAY too much salt in them.

Regarding the hostess with the awful attitude that another reviewer mentioned, her name tag said her name was Sara, and her attitude with us was remarkably bad. The rest of my party got there a few minutes before I did. When I walked in, she just glared at me (no greeting, no "Welcome to Chompie's", no nothing except for the glare), so I said "I'm meeting some people here" and kept walking, her response was a snotty "whatever" as she turned her back to me. When I got to my table, the rest of my party was still talking about how rude she was to them when they arrived (we had the audacity to ask for a baby seat, and "Sara" was not at all pleased about having to get one). I noticed her crappy attitude with other people as she was seating them too, so she seems to be in need of going back to Hostess school (or being given the opportunity to be successful elsewhere, like a dentist's office where people already expect a painful visit).

That said, our waitress was great: good attitude, helpful, attentive. She did a great job, and her tip reflected it.

In short, I had always wondered what all the hype was with Chompie's. Half of us liked our food, so it's not all bad, and the other diners appeared to like their food, but given the bad experience I had with my food and the requirement to get past the Dread Ogre Sara before I can be granted access to the mediocre food, I'll probably stick with one of the myriad competitors in the marketplace.
waited for 15 minutes to be seated, another 30 and no one took our order... i got drinks but that was it... i like chompies but avoid thsi one...
Usually come here on sundays for breakfast/brunch, as with any other place, expect a wait on sunday morning. Always seated pretty quickly. one word, "SLIDERS" YAAAAASSSSS!!!
The moms was in town this weekend and the only was to cure a tough ASU football loss was to head to Chompies on Sunday morning. We were prepared for the 30 minute wait for a table of 5, but grabbed a pastry from the front while we waited. The reviews said I had to try the sliders, so I did Jewish sliders with fries hit the spot. No room for the dessert but grabbed a pastry to go and got another for the moms for FREE for checking in. Yelp always comin in clutch for the moms!
Been here a couple of times and i like better the new york style sandwiches than the sliders...

The sliders look better on the Man Vs Food show...
Sunday morning my brother and I decided to try someplace new for breakfast.  We chose Chompies.  The menu was large and took us a few minutes to decide what we wanted.  The service was quick and efficient.   I ordered a skillet and my brother ordered an omelette.  Like the menu the portion size was also large.  The food was hot and tasty.  The bagels that came with the meals could have been a meal alone.  We both left food on our plates and our bellies full.  Our water and coffee were never empty.  I will definitely put Chompies on my list of places to come back to.
I was visiting a friend in Tempe and we decided to go to Chompie's for breakfast. Excellent place with an amazing breakfast environment and gracious service. Great food and an overall great experience. Definitely recommend this place.
Ordered a New York hot pastrami sandwhich on rye bread. not even close . it was alright, but not great. there bagels are delicious tho. I guess coming from nyc makes it hard to like the pastrami here :(
Just got back from this location, having not eaten. The mashed potatoes were cold, as was the stuffing. The roast chicken was cold and dry. I sent it back for another try, and it was the same! I've had bad fast food chicken that was much better than this. It seems that there is no pride in what they serve here. I've had the same dish at the PV mall location, and it was always fine. To be fair, my server was friendly and helpful. But she couldn't help the poor quality of the food. The next time I'm in the area, I'll eat any place else.
Best Breakfast food ever!!! This place rocks! the line on the weekend can somtimes be a little long but it is defintiely worth the wait. Huge servings of food and awesome bagels for low prices. Chompies is one of my favorite breakfast places and a great place to grab some food with friends especially the morning after a night on Mill ave.
Chompie's has a nice atmosphere.  We went for brunch, and we ate outside. I ordered the blueberry pancakes and a side of eggs and sausage. The pancakes are huge and could be their own meal. I did not want to eat only pancakes so I ordered a side of eggs and sausage.  They don't have a meal with the flavored pancakes and eggs.  It was very good. 

My friend had the two eggs and a side of potato pancakes. She loved it and kept saying they have the best potato pancakes.  While I didn't try it, she is a regular and loves their potato pancakes. 

Our server was very friendly, and took care of us.  She could have checked on a little more, but over all it was a very good experience.
Very good deli, comparable to Cantor's in LA and many of the major Jewish delis in New York. If you watched man vs food he did the Jewish slider challenge, consisting of 5 pounds of food. But there is a smaller size portion on the menu that I recommend.  They have a side bar where you can order drinks and fresh-baked bagels, pretty much anything you want. You can't go wrong you can  pretty much order anything here and it will be very flavorful and large portions totally worth it.
Food great. Service horribly. Not enough staff to handle a small amount of customer. Had to wait forever for each step of the process. Be prepared to have to shave again during the meal
Read one read all reviews on this great find. Yes, it is a Jewish deli in the middle of Mesa Arizona. Yes, it has a menu comparable to a college thesis. Yes, they have a sweets to go counter. They have all of this and they have....drum roll please.......fresh salmon sliders!! Omg these aren't your run of the mill sliders. They are not pressed salmon patties. These are sliders made of fresh grilled salmon filet. So good!! The buns are so very good and soft! Oh, I meant the buns on the sliders ;) no but really, soft slightly sweet buns, cucumber, onion and tomato relish and crispity crisp potato wedges (I substituted for homemade chips) this meal was delicious, playful, teasing, original and filling. I'm sure that all of the reviews and pics are for the signature items but trust me order this!!!
Besides that, the ambiance was great. Friendly staff, happening crowd and the wait looks long but not as bad as you think. 
To top it of, I scored a day old bag of bagels and rolls for $2.50!!! Hell yeeeah!! 
Parking sucks but oh well. Plenty of seating, booths and tables. Food gets to you pretty quickly and the icing on the cake is they bring you house prepared pickles. Yuuuum!Meeeeee!!! 
All in all this place is a must stop. Stop in and enjoy the bountiful tastes and smells!!!
Can't wait to try something else but the salmon sliders were so good I probably won't. 
Hats off to the chef!
I love this place. The menu was thick with a lot of choices. No matter their class  dishes or bakery, everything was yummy.
Today, I had one of the best tongue sandwiches in recent memory. I am a 73 year old NYer and have had my share of tongue on rye. This was a very large, buttery wonderful looking sandwich. And honestly better than the ones I have had in the PV shopping center.

Great service, nice ambience, altogether an unexpected and delightful experience.

One other thing, the server asked me if wanted cheese or lettuce and tomato with the sandwich. What the!

Arthur
My first time coming to Chompie's and couldn't have been more delighted. I had two of the Jewish sliders and the bombka crumb French toast. Both were unreal. As a spring training veteran, I have added this place to my list of stops for each year. 

The NY vibe with the deli in front of the restaurant is great too--grabbed some pastries on the way out!
Seriously you can't go wrong at Chompie's. Breakfast? Sure! Get anything!! Lunch? Why not! Make sure you are prepared to eat the mount Everest of sandwiches. Dinner? Ok! Bring it on! 
I always get breakfast and I am never disappointed. Stop by the bakery for some of the best lace cookies ever. Just don't go without your appetite!
I had the Dave's Deli Benedict and I must say it was AMAZING!  Portion size is huge!  Corned beef has was delicious!  Highly recommended!
Can't go wrong going to this Jewish deli! The food is great! Had the perogis and the Wendy's sandwich!  Huge! Sandwich! Had to share it with the hubs! They serve pickles instead of bread! Love that! The deli counter is so cute! We went home with a cannoli (leave the gun, take the cannoli) and an eclair that looks magical. I may have to update this after eating them later! Lol! Great atmosphere here. We will return!
The atmosphere in Chompie's is fun with a lot of New York poster art and the service was prompt. The food however was poor. I had a pot roast sandwich that was tough and flavorless. This area has dozens of restaurants, next time I'm in the area I'll try a different one.
Food took forever and arrived cold.  Hollandaise was gellatinous and tasteless.  Sawyer is rude.  Valerie is awesome.   Very pricey for such average food.  Very disappointed
Service sucked, bagels weren't fully cooked, no guidance walking in, no greeting.
Chompie's is one of my favorite places to get breakfast. The Benedict's are excellent. The menu is enormous. I've been going here  for years and have just recently started trying lunch and dinner items. The turkey sliders with matzo ball soup is a great choice. And don't forget to try the desserts. Delicious.
Man I miss this place...  Wonderful food breakfast, lunch or dinner..  Always went for Sunday breakfast...  Service is always fast and friendly...
If this was a restaurant that strictly focused on just their sliders, then I would give 5 stars easy. But there is some serious menu bloat that confuses a lot of people and worst of all Chompie's is not very good at making all of those items.

I brought two of my friends who never been there and they were very overwhelmed by the menu. They knew the sliders were obviously good but they wanted to try the other options first and just have a jewish slider on the side

One of them ordered a fried chicken plate and the other a salmon (off of the section that highlights "New York's Favorites" so you would assume as a customer that Chompie's was good at making them), and both of them were terrible. Both were overcooked and dry while the sliders were excellent, telltale signs of people in the kitchen who weren't that experience in those items at all.

So yeah, as a reviewer you have to judge Chompie's as a whole. You can give 5 stars for the jewish sliders, but you might trick unintentionally trick people into coming to Chompie's and potentially have a 1 or 2 star experience. Having a bakery /restaurant combo inside is very cool and I've never seen anything like that, but the restaurant part needs to renew their menu to their strengths.

Streamlining and having perhaps maybe 10 or so of their best items is much better than to have the 40 or 50 choices you see on the menu.

Off-Topic: In a perfect world, I wish that Chompie's branch off into becoming a fast food burger shop and compete with the In'n'Out's and Chik-Fil-A's with their sliders. I can only dream.....
The menu is massive and I've ordered something different almost every time I've visited. It's mostly pretty good. The atmosphere is okay. The bakery's a nice touch. The staff looks overworked but what restaurant staff isn't? I like the sliders. Fan of the strawberry shortcake pancakes. Reuben's nice.

TLDR; It's not mind-blowing but it's not bad. If you want some nice food in a brunchy setting, go Chompie's, just don't expect it to be blue meth. It's more like a bad blunt of MJ from your stoner friend. Not that I've ever done anything harder than ibuprofen.
This is where we always go for Mother's Day since menu, which is more like a book, can accommodate both  the youngest picky eater, and the elderly picky eater.  Even though the menu can be intimidating, it would be very far fetched to say that someone could like NOTHING on the menu.

You can get anything from plain pancakes, to extravagant omelets, to a simple hotdog, to a plethora of smoked fish, to a healthy salad, to a massive burger covered in ranch dressing.  And I am not even kidding - you can have a traditional thanksgiving meal of turkey, gravy, cranberry sauce and potato, covered in cheese, and stuffed into a slider - any day of the week.

I enjoy  the fact that they serve breakfast all day, coupled with the fact that there is a full bar, and ordering wine or beer or gin and tonic with  your pancakes is perfectly reasonable.

The service has never been bad, but it has been slow. However, Chompies provides all-you-can-eat dill pickles that are everything you would expect from pickles at a jewish deli.  

If the menu is intimidating, stick to the stuff that Chompies is known for - massive sandwiches, sliders on challah bread, and bagels.  In fact, next to the door there is a clearance rack of day old bagels, which last a long time, especially in  the freezer.  There are 12 bagels per bag, for $2.50.  At Costco, a dozen of bagels costs $5 and at the grocery store, a half a dozen bagels cost $5, so this is a great deal if you embrace carbs like us.
My friend took me to Chompie's on my first visit to Arizona. We split the Jewish slider challenge with two of her children and brought the leftovers home for the rest of her family! We also had Lovey's smoked salmon tapas as an appetizer. OMG.  This was definitely my favorite meal of my trip!
Good prices,  good food, lots of good, great desserts, fantastic service, featured on TV for their Sliders!  Don't keep driving, stop in!
It doesn't seem to be the cleanest place, the service is average and the menu is way too big, but the food here is decent.  I've mostly had the breakfast type items, but the sliders and soup are not bad.
Best corn beef in Arizona.  The menu is huge serving anything from omelets to pot roast. Huge mile high sandwiches and you can have half a sandwich or a mixture (one half corn beef the other half turkey). The wait staff at this location are usually college students who really go out of their way to make your visit a good one.  Meal are huge and come fast from the kitchen.  There is a very large bakery where you can get cookies, cakes , brownies and specialty breads. Would I come back here?  you bet I have been going to Chompie's for almost 30 years when it was a little restaurant  located on 40th street (I think) north of Shea.
Meat..fried potatoes...gravy. 
Three of my favorite things in the world and the do them all oh so well here. I typically come here for the Jewish sliders but every now and then I mix it up and get something different. But those sliders? Phenomenal. The beef is so tender it basically falls off the sandwich. The rolls the come on have the perfect amount of sweet to compliment the saltiness of the meat, cheese, and gravy. The little potato pancake they put on the sliders gives a nice crunch and compliments the flavors of the rest of the slider perfectly. Oh man and the brown gravy?It's definitely something I'd smother my food in on a daily basis if I weren't trying to watch what Im eating. All in all I am always a happy camper when I visit chompies.
This place was great. We had been trying to go for almost a year now but when we drive by and see the line, we tend to retreat and go elsewhere. I understand why. I love how large the selection is and the fact that they are really flexible with their menu/choices. Makes it easier for us unfortunate folks who have to eat a strict diet (damn you self image!!) 

We had the roasted turkey sandwich with everything on it (minus mayo) and had it on low carb-high protein bread. Amazing bread by the way. It's like "eating nothing" as my husband puts it. Only 60 something calories per slice and only 1g carb per serving! You can buy a loaf to go but it will run you about $5 a loaf, but if you go now they are running a buy 1 get 1 free deal. 

We also had the tomato bisque, which was rich, creamy, and delicious... Our trainer will not approve of that selection. Oh well! Extra hour of cardio should take care of that. 

Overall I enjoyed my experience there. Loved the music too. I'm a big fan of the oldies. 

Try to go after 3 pm. If you try to go on the weekend... Be ready to wait 30-40 minutes before 12:00pm. Popular Sunday after church location.
I was reminded this morning why I prefer the Chandler location over this one.  

My breakfast (eggs & bacon with pancakes) was perfectly cooked, but was unfortunately left in the window for far too long.  By the time it got to me, everything was pretty room temperature.  The butter wouldn't even melt that well on the pancakes.  Very disappointing.
Great canoli, also enjoyed the jewish sliders and coffee cake. Cole slaw was mediocre.  The yelp deal for a free bagel was a nice touch!
Really signed said open and i wasnt the only one friend flew down from washington saw this on the food channel hey lets go hours said it was open wasnt the only one but closed what the f. Fix your signs or leave a note saying your closed during holidays.
So many great choices in one place. Not to mention, it's a little bit of New York in the desert. I highly recommend the pastrami and corned beef sandwich as well as their bagels and lox.
My wife and I stopped here to eat. We had been here before but this time the service was horrible and the regular drinks such as Pepsi and lemonade, your paying 3.00 for the drink and they want another dollar for refills. After a number of years of going there, we won't go again.
My family came here before our flight back Detroit. Would not seat our party of 11 until all were present. Not the cleanest of places but it is a Diner.  Kids meals don't come with a drink so add another $3 for a coke.  Wife and I had the sliders which were good.  Brother in-law asked for soup instead of fries but was an add of $3 on top of his $15 Brooklyn sandwich.  Sliders could have been served with more gravy but I didn't dare ask for more or another $3 add.
The prices were on the high side ($145 for 6 adults and 5 kids),  Overall this was better than grabbing fast food before a flight.
Free Bagel for Yelp check in is a nice touch!
Great yummy food! Fun atmosphere and a huuuge menu! Wish their hours were a bit longer, but still reasonable. Great place!
I love the food but the servers sometimes suck and it happens only when they're not busy which is silly and annoying at the same time since they have no reason to be! But I do really really love the food! Especially their pastries
I went here for the 1st time today they were having a special for their anniversary buy 1 Jewish slider get one 1/2 price.  We got there right around 10:45 am and we seated really fast. Our waitress I forgot her name but she was awesome! She came and took the drink order and brought them fast. My husband had the sliders and he loved them. I had the Matzo Ball soup, not that I wouldn't have died for a slider but I just had surgery and cant eat them . I didn't even finish my soup.  Our waitress was nice enough to offer us to go containers and even gave us Ice Tea and my husband soda to go. She was very prompt and efficient. I will definately go back once I am able to actually eat and enjoy what they have to offer.
Yummy.  The bagels are ALWAYS fresh and soft.  There is a huge variety (the "everything" bagel is the best) and the prices are moderate.  You get a baker's dozen, and they will offer to toast and/or pre-slice them for you!  SWEET!
At my house, they never make it past the first day.  But I've managed to hide a bagel and it stayed fresh and soft for at least a day and a half.
My only complaint, if you could call it that, is that because they are soooo soft, they get smushed in the bag.  OY.  To complain is human.

BONUS: The servers are friendly and its right next to a Starbucks!!!
Such fresh bagels! I love the smears! A must for us when we arrive in Vegas early...we start our Vegas Vacation here with the best breakfast, a hot bagel and smear!!!!
I must preface this review with a note:  I am a bagel snob.  I used to work in a bagel shop, and as such, am HIGHLY critical of them.  (I'm actually on a personal, somewhat half-crazed, crusade to educate all who will listen that the national chain Noah's Bagels needs to be sued for false advertising since they don't have ANY bagels, only bagel-shaped bread.)

With that said, this place is just like Noah's, in that it's a chain with that super sleek, clean and impersonal feel.  If I lived nearby, it would seriously deter me from becoming a regular.  It's not bad, but it's too inorganic with too few crotchety old guys hanging out front bitching about how much better things used to be.

However, they make up for it with the fact that they aren't Noah's, and they actually sell pretty good bagels.  Not great bagels, but pretty darn good.

I stopped here a few times while in town a few weeks ago.  I liked some of the varieties of flavors, and they've got some pretty good spreads.  The lox and cream cheese didn't need the capers since the lox is already plenty salty enough.

Oh yeah... the staff was very good.  Very friendly, very personable.  I was impressed.

So, the next time I'm in town, I'll surely go again, not for a great love of this place, but because they have good enough bagels, and I am thoroughly addicted to bagels in general.
In general, I like Einstein Bros Bagels. Not the best food in the world, certainly not the worst. This location has been a quick breakfast stop for the wife and I since we moved to this part of town. I haven't had any problems with the quality of food at this location, but literally every time I go into this store, the same people are working, and they are always grumpy. It doesn't matter if its busy or slow, they are grumpy and running around like they have their heads cut off. 
Like I said, I've not had a problem with the food, but the service isn't up to snuff because of the attitudes of the staff. I can't say I won't come back, because I know I will, some days start better with a Spicy Elmo and a cup of their Fair Trade coffee...but if I can find another quick breakfast spot in the area, I will be a happy man.
My coworker raved about this place so we headed over here for a quick lunch.  It took forever to get our food and when we got back to the office with it, almost everyone's order was wrong.  I ordered a turkey sandwich on an asiago bagel - it was alright.  The bagel was super greasy and the sandwich wasn't anything to write home about.  The potato salad was the highlight of the meal and even then, I wasn't impressed.  Yes - lunch was cheap but you get what you pay for!
I love Einstein's Bros, but this location was awful! 

I've never had a problem with my bagel to cream cheese ratio, but my bagel was not even covered with a thin layer. I went to ask for more and the cranky girl behind the counter said I would have to pay extra... 
Plus, there were hardly any bagels left and it was only 10am!

I'm sticking to the Trop and Koval location from now on. It's worth the drive. The workers actually crack a smile
Best bagels I ever had
While their coffee is fantastic and their bagels are good, the service could use improvement.  I've been a regular at this Einstein location for a year and a half now, since I moved back to the Southwest side of town.  Never once do they remember my face, name, or order preferences.  They're not even friendly.  They might as well greet customers with a, "Neeext!"  Furthermore, they are painfully slow at getting the orders through, but this was the price I was willing to pay for good coffee and bagels for a long time.  Lately I've been venturing out to try some of the independently owned coffee shops, such as Holley's Cuppa & Baguette Cafe, with wonderful experiences. 

If this happens to be on your way, I wouldn't discourage stopping, but certainly don't make a trek to seek this spot out.
I walked into this Einstein Bros. Bagels approached the counter to order and was completely ignored by all 4 employees. The employees scattered and argued about who would take my order, none of them did, and several others continued cleaning in the back. I waited approximately 15 minutes and decided to walk out prior to ordering. Bad, bad, bad, customer service. Not to mention over priced product and based on the menu board a limited selection. I wouldn't waste time on this location.
Its good. i love their Spinach florentine bagel with the garlic herb smear. And thei chai tea latte hot/cold is yummy! :)
I come here at least once a week and its always good... I had a questionable experience here once and they fixed the problem immediately. I had a Turkey Tornado Wrap (no longer on menu) and it was Nothing like the photo and had barely any Turkey (I mean barely)... It was right at closing (2:45pm-ish) and I was with friends who saw my wrap and said "that looks nothing like the photo"... I was upset, so I took a photo of it and sent it (and a photo of the receipt)to the Online suggestion box of Einsteins Corporate. Within hours I had a response and they sent me a coupon for another one. I didn't do it to get a free sandwich, but then the same day the branch manager sent me an email inviting me back in to have a free lunch... That was nice. I came back in a week later and took him up on his offer. That is why I keep coming back... The detailed follow up of Service... And the food is good..! Good job.!
It's no surprise that the bagels and shmears are wonderful. This location is the closest to my parents' house and my mom loves Einstein Bros. bagels, so this is where we visit. The interior is very nice and cozy. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I love the selection of bagel flavors (Everything, Potato, Asiago Cheese, and Sesame Seed are some of my favorites) and the reduced-fat whipped shmears are so, so good (Sun-Dried Tomato Basil, Garlic & Herb, Onion & Chive are my go-to flavors, but they're really all delicious except the Smoked Salmon). During the fall, they have delicious offerings like Pumpkin Walnut Gourmet Bagel and Pumpkin Shmear (YUM!), adding to the fun. Get the baker's dozen box, which comes with two shmears, and freeze some for later. Also, don't forget to ask for a stamp card and have them slice your bagels!
This place usually is awesome and their service is usually great, but today it was totally off. 

The girl at the register took 10 minutes to get to us because she had made a mistake. 

The second time we came back to get a coffee the girl who took our order did not hear the first 4 times we told her our order. Then when we paid the same girl at the cash register had another problem with another customer so again we waited while she fixed her mistake. 

Once we received our coffee we let the cashier know that it was supposed to have extra ice and she
Samantha and James were absolutely amazing and had the best customers service. Especially for being the fist customers of the day early in the morning. James was more than excited to be the baker and that made the bagels taste better, made with love. As well as Samantha was on point a wonderful cashier. Only let down was they had no tip jar. Wish they did, the deserve it!!!!! Thank you to Samantha and James for being so nice last time we were there the red headed cashier she was pretty cool too. Will def has this as our regular bagel shop from now on.
I like this location. It is right near CVS and Sprouts which I like to go to, so I have been here twice. Both times I had a great experience. 

Staff: They are very friendly here. I have been here twice and they are quick to greet you.

Service: This is a self-service place, so you kind of serve yourself. Both times I have been here though, they have brought my food to me rather than calling my name. Nice staff! 

Food: Really good. Its a chain, so its consistent with the other brands.The coffee and iced tea seemed fresh here.
I periodically stop at Einstein Brothers to buy bagels.  I really like salt bagels but they don't make these.  They just have pretzel bagels with some salt on them.  I stopped to get 1/2 dozen bagels so I could have something different for breakfast.

The bagels are good, but I think they're more expensive that some other places.  Service here was prompt and friendly.
Okay what is so hard about getting the order right for one bagel. I asked toasted nope didn't do it. I asked for salmon cream cheese nope placed something else. Asked for lox got two shitty dried out pieces.  
Just hard to get a good bagel unless you make it yourself or go to the Bagel Cafe.
Loved this location the first time we visited and haven't been disappointed yet. The food is fresh and tastes good each visit. I prefer the strawberry salad here to a competitor.  Einstein's salad has greens in it not the white bitter part of the lettuce which most people throw out. I adore the dressing as well! The sandwich options are good too. Darin usually gets the Turkey bacon avocado!  It's a rare restaurant where everyone in our little family is happy to eat at each time!
Delicious bagels, great variety of bagels and spreads, reasonable prices.
The coffee is terrible, the bagels are nothing special, and the service is beyond slow. Maybe I'm just too used to pulling up to a Dunkin Donuts back east and watching them blow through a line of 10 people like nothing, but what was supposed to be a quick breakfast run before hitting the strip turned into a lesson about how in Vegas you need to wait in line for -everything-.
Expensive and terrible food. The cinnamon bun was way too dry and way too sweet. The scrambled eggs were very dense even for powdered eggs, which is what they were. Coffee was worse than Starbucks, which is saying a lot. Okay, on second thought, maybe it wasn't worse than Starbucks, but pretty darn close. Never again.
Bad coffee. The only plus is convenience, if you stayed at the hotel. I'd rather walk to the mc donalds
I came here at 7am to get breakfast. It's freshly made, but that means a 10 min wait for a egg, cheese and ham toasted breakfast bagel?! I almost finished my coffee by the time the order was ready. This was only 3 customers ahead of me. Imagine what this place would be like at lunchtime?

The service is pretty stern for this hour of the morning, except one lady who made an effort to greet people with a smile and send them on their way. But the lady who handles the order and delivery to customers is fierce!
Not worth the wait. Better places nearby if your willing to walk. I recommend going elsewhere
We needed a quick breakfast before checking out of Circus Circus so I ran down to Barista Bagels. OK, the line was fairly long and it didn't help much that the guy in front of me had a list as he was ordering for about a half-dozen other people. I can't blame the establishment for that.

So -- Barista has a pretty good selection, from muffins to Danish to fruit cups, but their main claim to fame is, as the name implies, bagels. You can get a BLT or a club, tuna salad, beef and cheddar, etc. The breakfast bagel has egg and cheese and a choice of bacon, ham or sausage. I opted for the sausage patty. Drinks? Well, regular soft drinks, coffee, cappuccino, latte' or cafe' au lait. 

And I snagged a nice big pecan roll to go with the sandwich. Pretty good stuff if you don't have time (or the room!) for a big breakfast and you want something better than an Egg McMuffin.
I hate this location. So much. So so so much. Every single time I have come here (it's been more than a few, trust me), they manage to royally screw up my order. It's not that hard people, you slice the bagel, you toast it, you give me my cream cheese on the side. I don't know how many times they give me the wrong cream cheese, don't toast the bagel, or put the cream cheese on it. Wrong! Wrong wrong wrong! 

Also, the employees here are either ignoring you or are clueless. As well as slightly unpleasant. Oh! And it's dirty - check out their "espresso bar".
This location makes me hate the entire Einsteins franchise.  Seriously, the people who go here never know what they want and just dick around in line.  Then, on top of that, the people who work here can't manage to get an order right - ever.  I always get a pb&j power bagel...except for when they are out of power bagels (which seems more common than one might imagine).  What I end up getting is a rock hard power bagel cut in half with peanut butter on it and a little container of jelly.  Um, why am I doing your job?  Aren't I paying you for the ability to make a bagel?  Why must I do this?  I hate spreading jelly on top of peanut butter and since you decided to but pb on each side of my bagel (AND TOAST IT, which I didn't ask for) I now have to do this disgusting task.  I hate you and everything about you.  I also hate macbook guy who sits at the 4-top with his laptop in one spot, his bag in another, his iphone in the third, and his coffee in the fourth.  Thanks for takin up the whole table d-bag.  I'll make sure to spill my drink on your Prius on my way out.
I have to agree with everyone else.  There is something seriously wrong with this location.  Maybe it's because they are stuck inhaling the remnants of burnt coffee next door at Starbucks, but they just suck!  They always seem to be out of the bagels we want.  When they actually do have the one I want, like last time, it was burnt on the bottom!  Yuck!  To make things worse, they are really cheap with the cream cheese or any other thing you choose to add to your bagel.  Sometimes, they get really lazy and just put it on the side and make you do all the work!  I really really really hate this location and we only go here as a last resort.  FAIL!
I stop by this location every now and then on my way to work on weekends. That pretty much means I'm too lazy to cook a good breakfast, but want something more than cereal. 

I've never had the major issues other people are yelping about. Perhaps things have improved since then. I find that If you stick to a bagel and cream cheese, all is well. But (and I find this the case with most Einsteins) if you try to order anything hot, you're about to get what tastes like an over priced frozen microwave meal.
I stopped by to grab lunch before I went to visit my hubby in the hospital.  The parking is crazy!  That plaza is jam packed.  Got to the store, the tables are dirty, people are everywhere, and the employee was ready to take my order.  I just stepped in the place and I have not been there in a LONG time.  I ordered the turkey swiss bagel for lunch quickly. The sandwich was ok.  I think I will stick with bagel with cream cheese.
Great food and quick service. There is nothing magical about the store itself (located in Safeway strip mall), but you can be confident that the food is fantastic!
This location must be under bad management because although the food is always good about 50% of the time they screw up my order and forget something. Like today I ordered a tuna bagel with potato salad. They forgot the potato salad and the TUNA on the damn bagel!
wanted 2 dz bagels and a couple smears.  the cashier asked me if i wanted a "pack" that included some extras and i said yes.  i didn't think the price would be $76!  i opted for the 2 dz and smears that came out to $35 instead.  the bagels were tasty and big with a nice mix of flavors.  would return.
I'm surprised people hate this location so much. Maybe I just haven't experienced the same problems as everyone else. In fact, I've experienced the opposite: what I order is what I get and the staff is friendly and efficient. I've been especially impressed by the manager on duty on weekday mornings - he seems to keep things moving and pitches in wherever he's needed. 

I experienced a great example of this attentiveness a few weeks ago when I made a commitment to bring coffee into an 8am meeting but stupidly only left myself 15 minutes to stop and get it. I first went into Starbucks next door and was told it would take at least 15 minutes to get a carafe filled. I quickly ran next door to Einstein's to see if I would have better luck, and to my great relief, the on-duty manager saw that I was in a hurry and told me he'd "get it done." About 6-7 minutes later, after true hustling, he gave me the full carafe and all of the cups, creamers, etc. 

Anyway, it's possible management has changed since a lot of these reviews because my experiences have really been pretty positive. 

P.S. Try the asparagus egg breakfast sandwich on the thin wheat bagel. It's a great vegetarian option. Just ask for light sauce.
Decent food. I try hard to like bagels more, but maybe i should just give up. Service here is hit or miss.
Worst bagels ever period. Safeway makes this place looks silly. Ordered Lox and toasted bagel. Eating part of a wooden chair has more taste than both lox and bagel!
I was surprised by the low reviews.  I had a very good meal here recently.  Extremely friendly manager when we visited on 9/1/12 at about noon.
This Einstein's has two things going for it.... The Einsteins name and the awesome location in CenPho. Other than that they are majorly lacking!

As this location is on my way to work and I on several occasions have needed to stop to get breakfast for the office or just myself, I have been here often. 90% of the time I leave very aggrivated. It seems they have a high rate of turn over with their staff, as I rarely see the same face behind the counter, with the exception of a few. And most of them seem to still be in training mode, since none of them seem to know what they are doing.

I have been given the wrong order more than once. 

Left standing in line waiting to give my order to ANYONE while they all run around back there trying to make sense of the order on their screen.

I have waited upwards of 10 minutes for my order.

They have zero sense of urgency, when it is very clear that everyone in line are business people and need to get onthe road to work. 

I really hope that they can get it together soon, this is a very conveinent location and I am sure they can double their business is they were more productive with their time and training their empoyees better. Even if they are busy and behind just a simle smile and "I will be right with you." would go a long way!
friendly staff, clean store, excellent ham & cheese bagel melt.  staff was very enthusiastic and welcoming. great job!  visited for the first time yesterday.  i will be back.
This place is run by a bunch of incompetent retards. I NEVER get what I order, I always have to have them remake it. They are extremely disorganized. It takes forever to place your order because they are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  I only come here because of the location.
I'm a firm believer that cooking an egg should take longer than 30 seconds. Also, it should not be formed in a perfectly round and oddly fluffy disk. And warm cheese that doesn't melt is disturbing. And sausage patties shaped to the exact same size as the egg disk is bizarre as well. Food just doesn't exist perfectly in nature like this! It's wrong!

Otherwise, the bagel was alright. Just know that the everything bagel is covered in rye seeds, which is weird. 

The coke from the soda fountain was the best part of the meal. I was wicked hungover.
We came in five mintes to close, which I know sucks for any business. We waited and waited, someone finally appeared from the back. She immediately told us they were closed (which they were by this point) and that she forgot to change the sign and lock the door. Whats great is that they had the pasteries we wanted, and would have paid for. Now they'll be throwing them out since its the end of day. Waste of food and crappy customer service. We're heading to an independent bakery now, hopefully they know how to even basically function.
Lace is great least go twice a week to get my jalapeos bagel with oj
I do not know why I go to this one other than its on my way to work.  Always slow service,  not helpfull and the place is dirty! Today the register was broken so they made you stand in line for the front register then fight back up the line to select my bagels. . Come on people! If you need a manager I'll do it but who ever is doing it now has no skills. 7 people walked out while I was in line.... yikes.. I would have a heart attack if I was the manager... but no acknowledging anyone... bad!
Always crowded, and it can get hard to park.
Always a safe bet for quick and efficient service, and who doesn't like Einstein's bagels!!!  This is location is always busy, but it is clean an the bagels are solid.
I love this einsteins!! It's somewhat busy but Mishelle does a great job of making sure everyone gets what they want in a timely manner! The asiago bagels are heavenly and their coffee is pretty good too, comparable with Starbucks. They don't have free wifi which is the only downer.
I love this location of Einstein's!! The manager Mishelle is awesome and always remembers my name. The bagels are fresh and good. The coffee is a bit pricey for what it is but there is a Starbucks next door. They don't have wifi but like I said there is a Starbucks next door. The parking is ample because of the Safeway parking lot and I've never had to wait long at this location. Great for breakfast on the weekend.

My favorite is  the turkey sausage sandwich on asiago.
I had a hankerin for a bagel and this location is on my way home from my early morning drive to mesa and back, so I stopped one morning and kept returning. After an unfortunate incident last month though, I won't be coming back to this location.

My first couple experiences were fine. Not amazing but I got my order quick enough (sometimes correct, sometimes not) and the location was easy to get in and out. My last visit was just bizarre.

I placed my order with the cashier since there were only a couple customers in line and no one was working the order station on the opposite end. One of the employees was fiddling with the screen that shows the orders because it wasn't working correctly. I paid for my sandwich and waited...and waited...and waited...Another patron and I made small talk while watching the one sandwich maker fiddle with the screen some more. The assistant manager was cleaning the coffee equipment. Another employee came out to work the order station and gather bagels for customers who ordered boxes. One guy came from the back to fill the ice machine. Another employee proceeded to eat his food while clocking out for break. The cashier continued to stand around. The other patron and I continued to make small talk.

Silly me to think that the girl messing with the equipment will realize that people are waiting for food...I should have spoke up sooner. 13 minutes go by until I say something. "Sorry, we're having issues with the order screen". No shit - how about you start hand writing orders or communicating with the person taking them? Thank you for exhibiting zero problem solving skills.

Oh, and the assistant manager? Still cleaning the coffee equipment. No leadership whatsoever.

I can put up with incorrect orders, or waiting when it's busy, but I can't put up with lackluster customer service. I'll go out of my way to the 16th st and Camelback location when I have another bagel craving.
I love this location! Sometimes there can be a line but the tend to be pretty fast. My boss always gets the iced americano here which she gets everywhere in az and she says this is in her top 5. I love the bagels here so good!!
NOSH is a little sandwich shop tucked into the corner of Bally's Casino.
Good sandwiches and good drinks ....
The really good thing is that all the good stuff is available late at night.

I had their chicken salad sandwich on toast and it hit he spot after a late evening (early morning)
also, after all of the places in the Paris have closed.
They specalize in "Dogs," but I was just not in the mood. A sandwich and bag of chips hit the spot.
The shop is located right next to the hallway leading to the tower rooms so you can not miss it.
A good spot for a late night snack .....
if you find yourself in that part of the Vegas strip
The absolute best sandwich you will find in Las Vegas drunk at 2 in the morning.  The fresh baked bread overflows with every cold cut and topping you could possibly imagine.  I have no idea what I paid for that foot-long, but it was WELL worth every penny.

The staff was overly friendly to two guys who obviously were in dire straits and in NEED of sustenance.
Great sandwich for the price!  Ordered the footlong 'Wanna be a Reuben' and it was well worth it!  Served on a tasty parmesan roll and filled with pastrami and coleslaw.  It's a great place to go if you're looking for take out sandwiches/food!
We had our breakfast here on the way out of town.  Breakfast special was a croissant with bacon, cheese, and "egg".  (The egg tasted fine, but it looked weird.  Like they cooked a bunch of egg in a sheet pan and sliced it apart.)  The coffee was good, it was fast since all they did was put it together and microwave it.  My wife had a banana that was $1.50.  I had to laugh at that - if you go to the grocery story you can get almost 4 pounds of bananas for that much.  Ahhh, the price of eating at a Las Vegas casino.  We'd eat here again... maybe no bananas, though.
Won big at the roulette table, got hammered and went to take a nap.  Woke up and felt like a*s but wanted to get some food in me so I stumbled down to Nosh to grab a sandi.  The wait was a little long but ended up ordering the Italian combo sandi and the chicken noodle soup.  

Soup was awesome!  Chock full of love.  

Sandi meat was good but the the bread ... ummm ... have you ever chewed on a rock?  Dont get the baguette unless you 1) have dental insurance or 2) dont mind shards on skin hanging from the top of your mouth.
We were desperate for a quick sandwich before our night out.  This place came to our rescue, I guess?

We split the Chedder roast beef.  I was picturing a roast beef sandwich with chedder cheese, right?  So the roast beef was sooooo fatty.  I was pulling off huge chunks of fat.  Also the chedder "cheese" was really like a nacho cheese sauce like cheese sauce.  Yuck...

The best part of the sandwich was the huge baguette they put it on.  However, the sandwiches were a good size.  Maybe it was just the type we ordered that was bad.
The bread is good.......BUT WHO ORDERS A SANDWHICH FOR THE BREAD!

Everything else on the bread is not good.  However, it's convient if you're staying at Bally's.  For Vegas, the prices are okay, so it gets an extra star ; )
Nosh sits right around the corner from the hotel elevators for Bally's guests in the South Tower. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if you're staying there it's convenient. The service is fast, and my friends adored the swinging order clips that fly between the cash register and the food station. 

My big issues with the place lie in the price and the hours. It opens early enough for getting morning coffee, but it's $3.50 for a regular size. The price compares to the place across from check-in, but if you cross the street to Bill's, you can get a regular Seattle's Best for $2. The made-to-order breakfast sandwiches are great but pricey. I like the $2 hot dog option, but Nosh closes at 1am. When I wanted late night food on my retreat back to the hotel room, Nosh wasn't there for me. I tried one for lunch, and coming from Chicago, I have to say it was just fine.
Shortline for a quick bite, nothing special!
I was really surprised when this anonymous looking sandwich shop sitting right next to the hotel elevators actually provided a really great turkey bacon and swiss on french baguette. Bread was fresh and there was abundant turkey and bacon content. I definitely recommend it if you're staying in Bally's. The prices are a bit high but you get a very large sandwich for what you pay.
A friend recommended this sandwich shop because of their chicken salad sandwich. So being in vegas, hungry and hung over, a friend and I took the shuttle from the Sahara to ballys. 

I ordered the large chicken salad sandwich combo with a side of macaroni salad and my friend ordered the french dip.  The chicken salad sandwich was huge, over a foot long with thick bread and stuffed with lettuce , tomato, onion and the chunky chicken salad. I thought I could eat the whole thing but given my state my eyes were bigger than my stomach and struggled to eat half. I'm not saying that is was bad, just average. The macaroni salad was bad with rock hard noodles. My friend enjoyed her french dip and ate her whole small sandwich. She got chips for her side and you can't screw that up. My total came out to around $13 but you really get a lot for your money. 

Overall this place is OK for Vegas and did have fresh stuff for the sandwiches. It will give you another option besides McDonalds and Subway.
My girlfriend and I ate here for breakfast twice and both times really enjoyed it. I'm only reviewing this place based on breakfast.  This location is tucked away in the corner of Bally's by the bathrooms, so it may not be super easy to find, but once you do, I recommend it.

They have a lot of things to choose from, but the smoked salmon on a bagel sounded the best. After choosing a whole wheat bagel, it was toasted, cream cheese added, smoked salmon, capers and red onions. This was a very satisfying meal. The salmon was almost like butter and very easy to eat. The capers added a nice touch with the red onion and cream cheese. 

We also got a yogurt parfait to share and it was fine. Actually a really good deal and a nice ending to a great breakfast. 

Tip: Go early. As the morning gets closer to lunch, the line gets longer. There's only one cook, so longer line means longer wait time. 

If you're in the mood for a tasty bagel with salmon, this is the place to try.
Awful and expensive.  Had a prime rib sandwich. Had a couple bites and threw away the rest.  Mac salad was very dry and had no flavor.
Horrible and overpriced. I got the chicken salad on a French roll. The chicken salad had way too much dijon mustard and mayo. There was more mayo than chicken. It cost me $9 just for the sandwich which means no drink, no chips. I feel so ripped off. So far Bally hotel has the worse lunch spots. If I wasn't attending a course here, I would never eat at any of the restaurants here. Tomorrow I am def going outside in search for a spot.
Overpriced like always. Got 2 regular drinks (soda) and 1 cookie. Spent almost $10 bucks. 

Had some nats flying around the soda area, but I could say this though Pepsi was super refreshing.  

Not worth spending that much for something that roughly cost 3-5 bucks. Lady was very friendly though.
The food is good but overpriced. I had a turkey wrap and it cost me almost $10 :( Would much rather get a sandwich & soup at earl's for the same price. I had it only because it was the closest place available for food, since it's near the lobby of Bally's.
We were there because it was the closes to where we can eat 
And I ordered Pastrami Sandwich and my husband ordered Italian Sandwich they both were really good....
I think I surely come back...!
Oh but there aren't much seatings...!
Okay this is a late night snack bar at Bally's, basically a sandwich shop.  We had a 12 inch turkey and bacon and a 6 inch pastrami with a side of potatoe salad and 2 drinks.
The damage $30.00. I do admit the 12 inch sandwich was huge, there's no way an average person can finish it. 

The sandwichs tasted decent but the price for the food was not worth it. For God sakes were in a recession and average person can afford 15 dollar sandwichs. These casinos got to understand that they charge way too much for way too little. 

I know the Casinos were built on tourist traps but still lets not rip people off. Go to PPlanet Hollywood for more better affordable sandwich at earl of sandwich which is rated very high by tons of people on Yelp...
Great French Dip an the fianc's pastrami was really good too. The guy taking our order was slow but the food was SO GOOD! will be back!
I've had better hot dogs.  I've sure as hell had cheaper hot dogs.  But the two hot dogs I ate here for Christmas dinner were just what I needed.
This review is just for the bagels because it is all I have had there. It is all I care to have at Nosh. They are so amazing...they haunt my dreams...
This is a good option if you need a quick breakfast and staying at Bally's or Paris. We walked all along Paris and didn't feel like having a crepe or sweet, buttery pastry. So we found this place and they have very reasonable bagel sandwiches for only $6. They were really good too and a decent size. The bagels are nice and chewy too.
Located in Bally's next to the South Tower elevators. I imagine most customers are Bally's guests. Prices are good for a hotel restaurant. It opens early and opens til 1am which is good for guests. Food is okay though. There are seats too so you can sit and enjoy your food or you take it to your room if you don't like smoke. You can smell it since it's on the casino floor. I'd only come here I'm staying here and too lazy to go far to get something toe eat.
Wasn't expecting much, but was really surprised at the quality of the food.

We had the chicken soup. the turkey wrap, and the pastrami sandwich. Everything was really delicious. The soup actually had vegetables and chicken in it and the sandwiches were not dry. A good stopping place if you don't have much time or looking for somewhere cheap.
To say this place is over-priced is an understatement. $4.05 for a 16 oz. cup of coffee? Starbucks is cheaper than that! Of course I could have had free coffee on the casino floor if I could find a waitress!
When you are staying at Bally's in the South Tower and get that feeling when you need to nosh on something, this place comes through. Especially for breakfast. The service is quick and the bagels are big and fluffy.  Their fruit cup is fresh and juicy, the coffee is hot and comforting and the sandwiches are pretty good. Especially after a day of partying, gambling, and drinking. Or if you just want a quick start in the morning so you can commence to partying for the rest of the day. It's there for convenience and it serves it's purpose.
Was here for a conference, staying on the south tower, this place was GREAT for picking up quick, tasty food to keep me happy for the day! The staff are real friendly & the potato salad is good. My first night in Vegas I was ravenous after a loooong flight, figured I'd get the a large turkey, bacon & swiss... It was HUGE! The 6' half was more than enough, though so damned tasty! I'm actually missing the sandwich.. 
Their French dip is also pretty reasonable, it was my first so I can't really compare it to much, hot dogs weren't too shabby either. Other than that the only downside is that it does close :P I'd have killed to have this on return from a night out!
It came to almost five dollars for a bland cup of coffee. There's no reason to dine at Nosh unless you can't walk another two hundred feet or so outside to the strip.  So, please by all means, eat and drink the incredibly mediocre offerings from Nosh ONLY if you can't work up enough energy or stave off enough drunkenness to get yourself out Bally's front door and find a real place to eat that will give you better than average service and not quite as overpriced (for the quality) dining options.
Mmm. Really like my smoked salmon bagel for breakfast every morning during my Vegas stay! Would've been nice to have access to refill my coffee though.
I'm not a give 5 stars to everyone kind of guy but nosh was everything I wanted it to be. The price was a little more than normal but its a cafe on the strip so inflation is expected. The turkey sub on French bread was really good. Surprisingly good. Service was fast and friendly. Will come back
We ordered a foot-long chicken sandwich on french bread, and I'm pretty sure the sandwich was 15" AND HUGE. 3.5 adults comfortably ate that sandwich. Compared to other vegas prices, it wasn't outrageous. And, Ballys is undergoing renovations, so that was the only "quick" place to eat. We took our sandwich back to the pool and avoided the steep service fees, plus delivery charges. And the chicken salad was actually quite good with huge pieces of chicken and apples.
I am only giving this place four stars because it is open ALL NIGHT!! When it is 3:00 in the morning and you are starving you will find Nosh tucked away in a corner at Ballys. They serve all kinds of sandwiches. I was starving and opted for a tuna hero. The tuna tasted like homemade and the hero was huge and weighed a ton. For about $12 it was a giant hero. Hit the spot and wasn't crowded either. Late night munchies spot!!!
This a solid place to grab lunch or a bite at all hours. Two sizes of sandwiches and getting the large one to split makes it a good deal and the quality is there. The sausage sub and the cold Italian sub are both winners and they do a good job of getting you through the line filling your order. Been many times and every time it has hit the spot.
I really enjoy eating here on my Vegas trips.  The food is fresh, and the service is good.  Plus on this last trip they had a spectacular combo special for only 12 bucks.  Included was a foot long sandwich, a bag of chips and a drink!  The sandwich was LOADED with stuff, and that really surprised me.  Conveniently located in Ballys by the Poker Tournament tables.
Stopped by here on a lunch break to see if the sandwiches are any good. I have to first talk about the bread. I don't know where they get the bread but it is very GOOD! They serve breakfast sandwiches, wraps and of course lunch meat sandwiches. They also have an all beef hot dog on the menu for $3. Nosh is conveniently open 24 hours. I ordered the foot long pastrami sandwich and made it a combo with chips and a drink for around $12. I spend the same amount for a sandwich at capriottis and it doesn't come with chips and a drink for that price there so I found this reasonable. The pastrami isn't the best in town and isn't boar's head quality, but it tasted good enough for me to want to come back. This is a nice place to stop and a grab a sandwich to go or eat at a table in the seating area.
For the price of $12, you can't beat this 12" hot sub, chips and drink combo. Plus their french bread is great! Nice crust with chewy insides. It works well with the hot pastrami and soaks up some of the slaw juices as well. Really a gem of a place hidden in the corner of Bally's. If you can find it, if you're looking for a good "bang for your buck" type of place, this is definitely it. I'd say I liked my pastrami hot sub better than my sandwich at Earl's.
Nothing fancy people... but a great place to get a breakfast sandwich and coffee at an affordable Vegas price. I had a croissant sandwich that was actually fricking tasty and the coffee was hot and strong!

The downsides are a lack of seating and a pretty limited menu, but I guess you have to make some sacrifices for low prices...
I'm in Vegas for a convention that is right by Nosh and I have to say this place is weird...First off, credit where credit is due, it's good food at a decent price, but I think it may be under new management or something?  The people working there seem to have NO clue what they are doing and can hardly speak English.  The first time we went, the lady behind the register kept running over to the guy making the sandwiches and "training" him, so that was weird...they got my order slightly wrong but I figured whatever, mistakes happen.  Then yesterday morning the soda machine was flat and they forgot the danish I ordered...then last night it took us about 30 minutes to get our sandwiches.  They served everyone in a total wonky order (and you can see them making the food so it was obvious it wasn't a particular order that was messed up, they were just arbitrarily picking orders) finally my husband went up to see if they started his order, they hadn't so they did then, but it took them 10 minutes and by that time he was running late to his event.  I then had to remind them of my sandwich, a french dip.  When I said "French dip" I might as well have been speaking Klingon, the lady had no clue what that was and then ended up making me a dry roast beef and cheddar sandwich that I accepted in defeat... I just wanted it to end...anyway, seems to me like maybe someone should train people here...
Very good experience here with our room including "free breakfast" redeemable at Nosh and Java corner. The "free" breakfast turns into a $9 credit per person you can spend until midnight. The rest is on you. 

First time I had a very tasty croissant which suited perfectly my French palate. 

Second time I had the ham and Swiss sandwich on French baguette -of course. I was tasty and filling. 

The workers here were nice every time. The first time due to room change the reception forgot to credit my room but after the cashier called it all was sorted out. 

Overall good fast and fresh food to eat seated or to go. We actually prefer this location over the Java place since we can be seated. Java works for to go food before taking a shuttle for example. Enjoyable experience which is not always the case in Vegas.
Came to Nosh for coffee and croissants this morning. Coffee is decent. My dad was eating his scone and when he pulled it apart to take a bite.. He saw a bug crawling from inside.. Interesting.
This little cafe/deli is right by the elevator to our renovated Bally's room in the Jubilee Tower.

Let's just say this is a good spot for drunks who are way too lazy to find a decent restaurant to dine at and even for those who are just in a hurry and need some sustenance so they don't go hangry. 

I had a Veggie Wrap here.
I had a Croissant Breakfast Sandwich here.
I also had a hot dog here one night with my Vegas roomie, Cindy C.
Oh, and I also ordered myself many, many water bottles here (Aquafina and expensive as shizz).

Let's just say the food kept me alive and more importantly, the water kept me even MORE alive.

Thank you Nosh for being our emergency go-to spot for a quick bite & hydration stop.

Recap of that weekend on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFd8kfiZIJY&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
Surprise!! Surprise!! Surprise!!

I haven't eaten here in awhile but decided to the turkey bacon sub with a delicious honey mustard slathered inside.  I was pleasantly surprised how tasty the sandwich was and they loaded it up nicely with some delicious turkey and lots of bacon.  The bread was very fresh as were all the veggies and lettuce tucked in side.  The sandwich was big enough to share, and we still had some left over. 

I don't remember this place making such killer sandwiches, but I'm glad I circled back to give it another shot.
Solid 3.5 stars, not a glamourous deli by any stretch but located conveniently off to the less quieter corner of Bally's, by the Keno area.

Ordered the roast beef dip on French bread, which was quite surprisingly fresh and soft; but the meat was a bit on the dry side, though nicely sliced thinly.  Even dipping into the au jus, which felt a bit heavy on the salty side.

But parents enjoyed the BLT.

Still will return simply b/c they have Krispy Kreme donuts, albeit today just the chocolate glazed and originals ;)
It's fast, it's friendly and about as inexpensive as you can get in Desert Ridge.  Wasn't blown away by thier food, but I would go back.
This place popped up out of nowhere!  We went in for breakfast today and business was booming.  I bet all of the people that work in nearby office places go here for some morning coffee and bagel.  

They have pretty inexpensive breakfast specials, but like Lindsey said, I wasn't blown away either... I had fruit salad and my bf had a bagel sandwich.  Very limited menu but they do carry Boar's Head meats and sell by the lb.  

Go here for bagels, bagel sandwiches, and possibly a side of potato salad or tuna... not much else at the moment, but they just opened so hopefully their menu will grow to include more egg selections and salads?

Very friendly service, outdoor seating option, and easy parking in the lot as well... great for the Desert Ridge area!
I will have to admit that the place was inexpensive close to Desert Ridge.  It's tucked away in a strip mall in between a couple of office complexes.  The price for an two eggs over-easy, country potatoes, and onion-toasted bagel with coffee is a little less than $6.  The food was okay, and the coffee woke me up.  My friend had a turkey sandwich and it was alright.  Her dad had the same breakfast with me, but wanted the country fries that was not available.  You need to beat out that breakfast rush.  It was a little busy that morning.  Service was quick, friendly, and efficient.  There aren't many selection of food outfits for breakfast around the area.  I will return to this eatery.
Had a business meeting here this morning, it was the first time I've been. The place was small but sunny and clean. It was pretty good- you're standard breakfast / bagel place. I had a toasted bagel with cream cheese and an iced tea and my guest had eggs, home fries, a sausage patty and a soda for $12, not bad. They also offer Boar's Head meats, and lots of sides. The guy behind the counter was not a super warm guy, but he took care of  us and got the food out quick and fast. The place was empty when we arrived at 9am, but it filled up quickly with professionals from the neighboring medical buildings. Overall, it will be a nice place to add to the breakfast rotation.
Breakfasts here are good if you want something simple on a bagel and want it relatively fast.  I had to make regular visits to a nearby medical facility and always found myself stopping here for a bagel sandwich with fries, or a breakfast bagel with hash browns.  Food isn't great, but isn't bad either.  Very limited seating.
This is the only place in Arizona to get genuine NYC bagels.  Their lox are also reasonably priced.

We bought 13 bagels and a half a pound of lox.  It came out under $20.  Their sandwiches looked great but I haven't tried one.  They were cheap.

Also, their Boars Head deli meat is cheaper here than the grocery store.

I will be driving out of my way to go here.  I only wish they had a better location, it's hidden and you can't see it from Tatum Blvd.
People there aren't very friendly.  People that ordered their food after me got their food first.  No remorse from the staff.  Only went once, will never go back.  Pretty pricey here too...about 25 bucks for one order of pancakes with chocolate chips, one order of french toast and two orders of 3 eggs.
I have been trying to find the best bagel in AZ for a while now and my search is over!!  

Bagels are always fresh. 

Employees are friendly and accomodating.
Best Bagels in AZ by far!!!  Being from NJ i thought id never have a good bagel or pizza again when i moved to AZ, now if i can only find a good pizza place.  These bagels are a lot better and a lot cheaper than the garbage einstein bagels across the street at desert ridge!
decent bagel, bad coffee, friendly staff.  a little odd seeing the boars head sign in these parts if you've spent any time in new york, but it's a nice addition to this area.  unfortunately, this particular location (west side of tatum across desert ridge) is one of the most poorly conceived developments i know of.
Not overly impressed with this place. It seems to be un organized compared to chain bagel shops I like to go to. I ordered a sesame bagel with plain cream cheese. Took about 5 minutes to get and the place was not busy.  Was excited to get an ice coffee but all of the coffee was out besides decaf and a dark blend. I have heard good things about their burrito but I doubt I will ever go back to try it.  I try to be positive about my reveiws but just not feeling this place.
I'm not going to be too hard on them, considering this is AZ, and NY bagels outside of NY are pretty much non-existent.  The bagels are decent, but they seem very salty to me.  Service was fast and friendly.
Wow!  Where to begin.  

We stopped here last Sunday when they had a $4.00 for a dozen bagels offer and we were really very impressed.  The bagels are outstanding and VERY NEW YAWK-ish in taste and flavor.  The owners wife offered me a New York deal (which I took them up on without hesitation) 19 bagels for the dozen price of $8.00.  Don't laugh.  Yes, I did the math but I also enjoyed NY kibitzing.

Go!  Enjoy!  This is the real McCoy!
I've only them for breakfasts and bagels, but the service is fine ( it's counter service not sure what other reviews are expecting). The breakfast omelets (3 eggs, 1 meat, 2 veggies, and cheese) are a great value for 6 bucks with homemade potatoes, and the bagels are fresh and real NY style bagels, not those over priced pockets of air the chain stores sell. If you want a real bagel try 'em out, if you want your omelet made in a microwave and over priced packing material go to the chains.
We live around the corner and discovered the place about a year ago. The owner (Ben) is friendly and always makes it a point to say hello. We stick to the bagels and cream cheese which are warm, fresh and made locally. I recently brought a dozen bagels and cream cheese to work and my colleagues all wanted to know I bought them. This is a great neighborhood spot!
I had a turkey, egg, and cheese on a pumpernickel bagel for breakfast yesterday and was delighted with it! It was so delicious I brought my husband in for breakfast a few hours later after he got out of his foot surgery.

First of all, I don't consider myself a bagel lover and I really, really liked everything about the bagel I had. The texture, taste, and consistency. Yummy! 

They had a turkey option for the sandwich because I dont like pork breakfast meat. The sandwich wasnt greasy, which was another big plus. 

My husband liked their dark coffee and was happy they had regular milk he could use instead of 1/2 and 1/2 or cream.

Service was very friendly and I'm looking forward to going back!
As most Phoenicians from the NY/NJ area know, one is very hard-pressed to find a quality bagel in AZ.  The bagels at Brooklyn's Best are really pretty good.  They have the proper NY style firmness and texture.  The everything bagels, which are typically my favorite, were a little too salty for my taste but not to an unbearable extent.  They have fresh squeezed orange juice that is pretty good.  Disappointing for a restaurant with a name like "Brooklyn's Best," the restaurant does not have a display case for meats and cheeses and various baked goods like any NY deli would.  Nor do they have an enormous list of various combinations of sandwiches.  Especially disappointing, they do not have taylor ham - a NY essential.  I do, however, like that they have other breakfast items like eggs and pancakes.  I haven't tried them yet, though, so I can't attest to the quality.  On a side note, the bacon is a bit strange; I think it might be turkey bacon but I'm not sure.

Despite not being like a real NY-style deli, these bagels keep me coming back again and again, frequently going out of my way to do so.  The bagels get 4 stars, but I'll have to keep the overall rating at 3.
This is a great bagel store! They make great sandwiches too!
This is the closest thing to a New York bagel as you'll find in Phoenix. Proper consistency, texture, I dig em. They make a mean breakfast sandwich too. In addition, they have a bunch of the traditional NY deli fixins like Wise brand potato chips and Cheez Doodles, black and white cookies, Dr. Browns etc which is important to this transplant.

Now, the bagels may be a little bit salty like many of the other posters have noted before, but you know what, beggars can't be choosers. And when it comes to finding quality NY style bagels in Phoenix, we beggars.
Chompies has been around long enough to be a Phoenix (moving) Landmark.  When I moved here they were on 32nd Street between Shea and Cactus.... Now, after a couple of new openings and a couple of moves, they have 3 locations.  I have to admit, I like the newest location the best.  They have moved to Paradise Valley Mall and have a great spot there.  They have access from inside the mall, as well as their own door on the outside just south of the Dillards entrance on the East end of the mall.

The new location affords them a few advantages they didn't have in their old place.  They have windows..... lots and lots of windows.  They have more space.  From the looks of it, the kitchen is larger, and they have a whole side of the place, near the outside door that is dedicated to carry-out service.

Chompies is all about east coast comfort food.... Jewish style, but they have taken Jewish soul food to a whole new place.   They have elevated the art of artery destruction by taking 3 or 4 of those familiar comfort foods and layering them to greasy carb and fat filled perfection, to create dishes that even have comforting names... like knish dish, or Sarah's Favorite, or Grandma Sadie's Meatloaf.   Where else can you get a huge potato knish, cut in half like a hamburger bun, piled high with corned beef and sauerkraut, then topped with cheese and broiled till bubbly?

There have never been many places in town where a die hard bagel fan can get a "real" bagel in all it's boiled and seeded glory.... but Chompies has always been there.  The best day to pick up bagels by the dozen is on Wednesday.  Your money goes farther on Wednesday because they sell 1 and a half dozen for the dozen price. 

They have an extensive selection of bakery goods as well.  I have never preferred their baked goods other than the bagels. The baked goods all taste the same to me.  I find that odd since i don't think mandelbroit is supposed to taste the same as a black and white cookie. I'm sure someones grandma made all their cookies taste the way Chompies does.... but not my grandma.  It's all fine with me though.... The main courses and all the appetizers are soooooo good that I never have room for any cake or cookies after a meal at Chompies.
Ok, so I've only eaten here once, which is why I only gave this place 4 stars.  I was on a drive from Austin to San Jose and met a friend of mine here for breakfast, and wow, what a way to start the home stretch of my long drive!

I had the corned-beef hash skillet and good lord, that's some good corned-beef hash!  Some home-fries, a couple of eggs sunnyside up and a handful of cheese....AWESOME.  Keep in mind, this meal was over a year ago and I remember it vividly :)

If I am ever in Phoenix, I'm heading straight for Chompie's.
I really dig Chompie's new location in PV Mall.  Much nicer than the dated '80 murals and design of the old 32nd street location.

Chompie's is always my standby when I feel like having breakfast for dinner.  Last night I treated myself to some delicious whole wheat pancakes (they have a nice hint of cinnimon) and some hash browns.  It was tasty and filling.  No complaints.

The service at Chompie's has always been excellent.  The staff is friendly and you get served quickly.
I also like the new PV Mall location.  Much roomier.  I always felt like I was on top of everyone else at the Greenway location.

I go for the bagels.  I haven't found a bagel I like better than Chompie's.  Best. Bagels. In. Town.
Went here for dinner tonight.  Service was great.  They still bring out the plate of pickles, but now they also brought slices of challah bread and rolls (the onion one is awesome).

I had the Vegetarian Delight Sandwich.  Very tasty.  The vegetable cream cheese on the sandwich was excellent.  Huge portions.  The tomato soup was good as well, but not as good as the soup at Bravi.

I tasted some of the onion strings.  Delicious.  They had a dipping sauce that was a bit spicy.  It was good too.

My husband got Aaron's Choice - some kind of pastrami/corned beef sandwich.  He liked it, but prefers Miracle Mile.  

Overall a good dining experience, and I got some bagels to go!
Definitely the only place that I feel safe ordering a bagel with lox, cream cheese, and chopped liver!

Great food, good service, and I absolutely love the new location in Paradise Valley! Also, the portion sizes are huge, so you can have breakfast, lunch, and dinner in one meal. The kids portions are huge as well.

Build one in the East Valley please!!
This new spot is soooo NYC.  It reminds me of back home only better.  The bagels are the perfectly baked & deliciously chewy !  Yum.  Tasty mazo ball soup( chicken soup) with boiled veggies & shreds of chicken.  I feel so good when I eat it.  Healthy, like I'm doing something good for me! Service was good, plenty of food. Go hungry or take some home for later!
So Deli is always in my vocab especially before holiday - G'Mar Tov!!
Bryan and I have been here a few times since opening - had one bad experience with cold food. But Chompie's just knows how to hit the spot... ya know!!
I love the Mushroom Barley Soup, Split Pea Soup, the Burgers, my all-time fav knishes...OH and of course any-type of corned beef sandwich!!
YUM!!!
Service sometimes can be a hit or miss at this location but still a regular favorite of mine - true COMFORT food!!
I finally made it to this Chompie's location... and just like the rest of the Chompie's I've been to, it goes to the category "Best Deli in AZ" - still not New York, and I think I may even prefer Goldberg's in Atlanta, but in Phoenix, Chompie's is the place!

We were there for dinner and I did order one thing that I never ordered from Chompie's before... Sweet Potato Fries!  Yes, Chompie's has pretty good sweet potato fries - yay!  I filled up on pickles and I also had a salad and a scoop of their whitefish salad.  (I probably would not order that again).  

Stick with knishes, bagels, sandwiches, and even omelettes - you'll be pleased.  Oh - and I cannot forget their soups... especially matzah ball and kreplach - yummy!  And if you have a sweet tooth, there is PLENTY to choose from!

Now I'm craving Chompie's again... I have to figure out which location is closest to my new digs!
Oy ve iz mir!

Not to be a kvetch....but I consider myself to be an expert on Jewish delis.  As a New Yorker from a predominantly Jewish area and married to a Jew, I've had more than my fair share of experiences at them.  My husband and I woke up this morning with a burning desire for a good bagel, corned beef on rye, and a knish.  So I schlepped all the way up to the PV Mall to get it.

Ok, first of all, the decor is terribly schlocky.  Its kind of like the tourist trap Jewish deli you find in Times Square.  Its like a Disney version of a NY deli.  

I take my number and head over to the cold case to get some drinks....of course they didn't have regular lemon Snapple (and why should they?  Its not like every deli, pizza place, and convenience store in NY carries it....) but they did have Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray which is always a welcome sight.  Another thing they had in the cold case which I found to be odd were jars of Nathan's pickles.  Nathan's, like the hot dog place.  I would imagine a Jewish deli would have Ba Tampte pickles....I didn't even know Nathan's made pickles!  It was a little lame to be honest.

Anyways, I go up to the counter where there doesn't seem to be anyone working.  There was no organization to it.  So I waited.  And waited.  In New York, the deli is a finely tuned machine designed to move people quickly.  Chompie's? Eh, not so much.  When I finally did place my order, the guy who took it had a hard time punching it into the computer and asked me to repeat it several times.  Despite saying I wanted my bagel toasted several times I was given a cold, untoasted bagel.  I waited a little longer for my order to come up and went on my merry way.  

Here is the breakdown of the food we ordered-

Matzoh ball soup- Surprisingly good.  I have never had matzoh ball soup with carrots and celery...so much chazerei!  Just give me the matzoh ball! Although, I will admit, it was solid.  I wouldn't go all the way to Chompie's for it because I know that I can make it better in my own kitchen. 

Plain bagel "toasted" with cream cheese- Terrible.  The bottom of the bagel was entirely too thick and was very hard.  They didn't even cut it all the way through, probably because the crust is too thick! 

Corned beef on rye- Meh.  The corned beef wasn't very good, it wasn't corned enough.  If they make their own they didn't use a piece of brisket that was fatty enough.  The rye (which was not marble rye...) was lackluster.   It couldn't handle the corned beef, became soggy, and eventually fell apart.  The pickle it came with was the grossest thing I've ever seen.  And it was definitely a kosher dill, even though I asked for a half sour.  The potato salad was actually really good though.

Knish- Terrible.  The knishes in my elementary school cafeteria were better than this.  First of all, the outer crust was way too flimsy.  It should have been much, much, thicker, especially considering the gargantuan size of the knish.  We essentially ate a large plate of mashed potatoes.  The potato inside itself was unremarkable.  Not only do I have this Jewish thing going on but I'm also Irish....I've never met a potato dish I didn't like.  Until today.  I didn't even finish my half of the knish. 

Now for the prices.  What's with this meshugas?  $2.29 for a bagel with cream cheese is a tad much.  In NY they run you about $1.35.  The corned beef sandwich was $12.50!  Now, I've paid that much for sandwiches in NY before but you get 2 lbs of meat and several layers of sandwich!  This was not a $12.50 sandwich.  I was also going to get us some whitefish salad to sample but at $15.99/lbs it wasn't happening.  

Why anyone should schlep all this way, in this heat, schvitzing all over, for this dreck?  I don't know!
It's simple. I really wanted - scratch that - NEEDED a pastrami sandwich on Christmas. And thanks to some wonderful cultural differences, Chompie's was open. The rest is history.
People say this place is good, but my experience was bad on all fronts - food, service, and management.   

Our waiter was utterly clueless about deli cuisine, let alone the Jewish specialties.  Unable to coherently answer whether potato latkes were made fresh or if they were reheated, didn't quite understand knishes, you get the picture.  Plus it seemed he had no training in the basics of waiting tables.   Like when he left his shift without telling us he was handing our table over to another server.... seriously???  

I thought the pea soup was too salty, until I tasted the pastrami sandwich that was practically inedible.  And this was after I had gone to the deli counter to see whether their meats were any good!  

The manager on duty explained that the soup can get salty if it's been on the burner all day.  Great, but shouldn't someone check on that from time to time?  Re: pastrami, she checked the meat and and confirmed it was over the top.  According to the deli guy every once in a blue moon they'll get a piece of meat that wasn't cured properly.  I mentioned the poor service and the manager excused it due to our server being new. She was sorry I had a bad experience, and offered a replacement sandwich or desert to go.  I didn't need more food, nor did I want to even try if they couldn't prepare food correctly twice.  It would have been better to offer to take my meal off the bill completely, which I would have asked for if it weren't for one of my friends picking up the bill.

Three good things I can say about this place - the kugel was excellent, the knishes were pretty decent, and they serve Dr. Brown's soda.  Otherwise - MEH!

It's possible that my experience was a fluke, and that I just happened to have a perfect storm of untrained server, incompetent management and poorly prepared food.  May be if one of those had gone right I'd feel differently, but as it was I would give this place a miss.
I came away from my third meal here confused and a little perplexed.  Ate there three times before reviewing to make sure my ducks were in a row.  Why confused?  because I'm not sure why this place has to be so darned expensive.  It's a sandwich, kids.  A sandwich.  Bread, meat, cheese.  I understand about overhead and stuff, but you're telling me this masterpiece of sandwich technology is worth $14?  I'm not so sure.  Don't get me wrong... you won't leave here hungry.  The aforementioned meat portion is flat out huge... my mandibles were unable to get around the top and bottom of it in the same bite episode, forcing me to attack from somewhere in the middle.  The sandwich... "Aaron's Choice" featured both corned beef and pastrami, some slaw, and 1000 Island dressing.  (AKA a New Yorker)  The onion roll assigned to the task of containing all this sandwichy goodness gave a great effort, but collapsed in defeat about 3/4 of the way through, forcing me to finish off with a fork.  Some very good, room-temp Swiss took the flavor to a higher level, but all in all... it's a SANDWICH.  By the time the beverage, tax and tip are factored in, I've just blown $20 for lunch on ...a sandwich.  Good flavor and pretty good service, yes... but I could do lunch at Ruth's Chris for about the same financial outlay.  Sorry Chompie's... two stars.
Makes some of my favorite bagels in the world.  Great place for breakfast, but the challah is a little sketchy some days, knowing a Jewish friend.  I can also get my Chompies bagels at the grocery store which another added plus.
My grandfather, who's from New York, has been taking me to this chain since before I even knew how to spell Chompies correctly. In my opinion, the best thing here always has been and always will be their pastries. Their black and whites are still the best I've had with the ones from Canter's in LA running a close second.

As for the rest of their food, it's not bad. It's not great, but it definitely runs a fine line between mediocre and pretty good. I think the issue is that the food is so filling and you just keep eating it even though you're stomach is screaming at you to convince you that it can't hold anymore. It's like comfort food with a vengeance. Go for the matzo ball soup, but DON'T order the fried matzo ball appetizer. It sounds potentially good, but it's deceptive.

In all, you've got to give props to this place for sticking around this long and still being family run. I'll still come back here, but I think it will be for the pastries rather than what I can get as a meal.
The food was good, much better than Miracle Mile. The only thing I found odd was that they were serving alcohol to a bunch of obnoxious and loud kids at 10AM on a Saturday morning. Drunken, tattooed limp bizkit wannabes don't do much for the atmosphere of the place. 

Other than that, I thought it was well worth the trip.
While the food is ok, who wants to pay $15 for a roast beef sandwich. Jasons Deli is a much better deal.
Yeah, Chompies is good. This location is huge with a bakery and a restaurant. Food portions for some items are waaaay too big for my taste. Unnecessarily big. Even my turkey burger was crazy big. Fries served today were cold =( Server was attentive, helpful and flexible. Burger was good all the way around; but not memorable. Sandwich I had on my first trip was also good, but not memorable. Service during this visit was definitely memorable. Oh, and I love black and whites from Chompies. Not the way I love them when I'm in NY, but I still love them here.
I am so angry with you, Chompie's!!!  My sister and I were craving a Chompie's bagel so we swing by the PV Mall location to pick some up.

We were in there for over 20 minutes and exited WITHOUT A BAGEL and without our number being called.  We pulled #29 and it was on #26 the entire time we were in there... And when we would try to ask what was going on, we were SHUNNED!  SHUNNED?  I was trying to ask if we need to stand somewhere specific, ask why people coming in after us were already home eating their bagels.  But I couldn't even get that far.

This Goldstein is going somewhere else from now on.  Well, maybe.... Chompie's Bagels are so good, at least they used to be, I wouldn't know because I never got one!
Oy,  Here is what.  I wanted a celery soda, liverwurst sandwich and black and white cookie.  All were obtained and enjoyed but extracting them from Chompie's at PV was a serious pain in the tushie.

First, I get to the mall door coming from DIllard's at 8:42 pm.  The door was locked!  I made sure to leave Dillard's early enough to make Chompie's insanely early 9pm closing time.  I very rarely eat before 10 so I was already put out.  WHY do does anyone close their kitchen before 11 in Phoenix is beyond me but that is a separate issue.

I check my phone for the time to make sure I have not lost time in a department store and voila!  A man comes and opens the door for me saying he had locked that side early.  Here is a thing with me as this has happened before at many establishments in this valley.  If your closing time is 10pm you had better not even TOUCH that door before 10 PM is registered on  a GPS calibrated device.  Not restaurant time, not imaginary friend time.  REAL time.  Open until whatever o'clock means that I am to be served until that time.  

Receiving no direction I wander to the counter.  There is beer on tap and OH how I would love one but I sense lingering over a beer might get my food spit in.  I go to the deli and make my order.  I had to ask for normal black and whites as only Chinese almond are displayed.  Yum pumpernicle bread! Yum celery soda! Yum liverwurst!

Unfortunately all was packed to go without consulting me.  I intended to eat there.  There is a large sign on the counter indicating select pastry is half off after 3!  I had to ask what was included as nothing indicated the days choices.  Oh well.  

Then the whammie.  Dr. Brown's Cel-ray soda is 2.39 for a CAN.  Are you kidding me?  Who charges 2.39 for a can of anything?  It's more than a ball-park can.  Ugh.  I read the can. Since when is a traditionally kosher soda made with hi fructose corn syrup?!?!
The end times are coming. 

 I think I am done with Chompie's.  I have worked in the industry most of my adult life and would not close a main entrance before closing time with the exceptions of safety and emergency.  Nor would I give anything less than full service to anyone who arrived before the appointed time with the exception of liquor licensing regulated situations.  It is true, in a bar situation you have to be strict and run people off but in a primarily dining establishment if you make it in under the wire you are good.  There have been many an evening where close was 10 pm but I have been at work until after 12 because of this and I expect nothing less in return.

 All the foodstuff I ordered was correct and delicious but the pricing and convenience factor are so awful I can not recommend this place. Bummer as I am all about local businesses being successful. 

I am between 3 and 2 stars for this.  The food was really good and so I started with the 3 but as I wrote the review I became increasingly angry with the pricing and closing time attitude.  I will say that the lady at the counter was very nice and with the exception of making my order to go was quite patient...  Chompie's, pull it together!  Don't charge higher than NY prices in Phoenix. 2.5 stars but I won't round up.
I went to the PV Mall location of Chompie's for the first time recently for lunch.  I hadn't been to Chompie's since they moved from their Greenway location.  The three of us were seated quickly and greeted shortly thereafter by our waiter.  After a few minutes of deciding, we ordered.  I split one of their big ol' sandwiches with my wife.  Can't remember the name, but it was named after something in NY (brooklyner, holland tunnel, staten island, etc.).  It was basically a sandwich with turkey and roast beef piled high, with an extra piece of rye bread in the middle.  We liked it, but my jaw hurt afterwards from trying to jam that huge sandwich in my pie-hole, oh vey!  

The other person in our party ordered some type of sandwich, along with a Dr. Brown's Cream Soda.  Can't go wrong there, however, at one point, our waiter came over with another can of soda when the original cup was just about drained.  As far as I'm aware, there was no discussion of the additional can, it just appeared, which would make it seem as if it was complimentary.  Unfortunately, it did appear on the bill...at $2.29 (or something like that) each, that is quite the refill fee, especially for someone that didn't ask!  We didn't fuss about that, but it is definitely a major annoyance to me, when places don't have free refills, but give you said refill as if it were free, not even asking if you'd like.  

On the way out, we hit the bakery for the bagels and some black and whites.  We got some pumpkin (and other assorted) bagels, but no black and whites.  Why not, you ask?  Because for the season, they had orange and browns!  Feeling festive we got a couple of these.  Maybe they should call the originals brown and whites, because the chocolate frosting didn't change color.  The orange frosting was just the normal frosting with food coloring.  But they were as good as black and whites usually are, so no complaints.  The bagels over the next few days were good as well.

Three stars for Chompie's.  Probably would have been a four if not for the 'soda incident'.
I love Chompie's, but then again I am a sucker for a Monte Cristo sandwich and bagels.  I have been to this location twice now since I finally found somewhere besides Disneyland that I can get a Monte Cristo.  How can you not love this deep fried goodness dipped in a strawberry per-serve? Its huge, and its yummy, but I recommend sharing it with someone or you will regret it!  Haven't really had much else on their menu except just a breakfast bagel sandwich which was good also. Service is ok, but I don't expect much when I am at diners, I know I am not going to get 5 star service, so I usually don't get disappointed.  Their kids meals are great, and my son gets a huge cookie when he leaves, he loves this.
Without inserting a single cutesy Yiddish-ism, I will say that Chompie's is predictably mediocre and makes up for quality with quantity. The food is good, OK, reasonably satisfying, but not amazing and crave-worthy. The portions are absurd. 

The little bakery delights in the case are surprisingly expensive, and usually end up looking better than they taste. Again, they're not overtly horrible, but not great. Totally meh. The exception is the little chocolate-dipped butter cookies. I can easily eat pounds and pounds of them. They are light and melt-in-your-mouth yummy. 

I usually wouldn't even bother to write a meh review, because really, who cares? But today, when we went for breakfast, I had a go cup of Circle K coffee with me, the hostess told me I wasn't allowed to have it for "health department reasons". How stupid do I look, exactly? She said she could "hold" it for me up front until we were done eating or she could toss it. I told her the coffee would simply sit on the floor under the booth where she wouldn't see it. Is she high? That's the stupidest thing I ever heard. The server was at least slightly embarrassed and offered to get me a Chompie's mug to pour the coffee into. In retrospect, I should have done that because the house coffee was awful. How jacked up is that?!
I think Chompie's has the best breakfast in town. The omelets here are really good and cheesy just the way I like em and the potatoes on the side are oh so tasty. I also love how they have every condiment you need on the table already. The breakfast is great but they also serve sandwiches, wraps, soup, salad, and Jewish cuisine like matzo ball soup and potato pancakes! I have tried a few things off the menu and I have never been disappointed.
I'm still angry that they moved further away from me and now that they are in the mall it's too crowded.  Aside from this, I do like chompies' bagels and cookies.  Actually, I love their cookies.  They are soooo yummy.  If you are in the mall and just want dessert, order some cookies and take them out somewhere to sit in the mall.  I don't have patience to sit in a overly crowded mall resteraunt so they lost my sit down and eat business with their location change.
With an exception for the bagel and egg morning special the food is overpriced and I've had better. A small sandwhich for $13 or $14 with a 1/8 cup of bad potatoe salad just isn't my idea of a fair or pleasant lunch (Aaron's Fav), 

The staff openly complaining about one another is always a turn off to me no matter where it happens and it has happened here more times than I care to record.

 By far their best asset in staffing is the waitress Donna. She quickly remembers you and how you take your coffee and tries effortlessly it seems to make your visit an enjoyable one.
Chompies is awful, my New Year's resolution is to never step foot in a chompies again. The food is always mediocre at best. The service is always super slow no matter how busy it is. I swear that they put some sort of laxative in the eggs because I can never get home quick enough. If you like crappy deli food go to Chompies , if you like halfway decent deli go to Scott's.
We were in Phoenix on vacation from our home in Oregon and talking about food, our favorite subject, with a local  resident and commenting that we sure wished we could find a good bagel. That led him to tell us about Chompies where he said one could find not only great bagels but other Jewish bakery delights.  So off we went the next morning to Chompie's for breakfast.

First to say one of us is originally from New York, Brooklyn to be exact, and so "are you talkin'' to ME?"  attitude at service counters is not new to us.  Nor is it even a problem for us...you can't eat friendly service, after all.  And sometimes a little 'tude even makes us feel like we are home.  But, the attitude of the counter staff at Chompie's was a bit much, even for us.

Then, it turns out that the pastries and cookies we bought were just OK...not bad Hammentaschen and rugelah, as example, but not the best we've had either.  Not to mention way too expensive.  The wait for a table was a LONG one but when we were finally seated the waiter who served us at breakfast was pretty friendly (and with a NY accent you could cut with a knife - music to our ears).   But the prices for breakfast really were outrageous.  

Still,  here is the saving grace that makes this a three star and not a two star rating.  The fried egg and bagel sandwich one of us had for breakfast was good..  And the chopped liver and onions on a bagel with a side of coleslaw the other one of us had was really good. (Coleslaw is too a breakfast food.)  Maybe it's because we hadn't been able to get chopped liver for some time, but it was very tasty indeed.  

That said, we're soon to be in Phoenix again and based on reviews from other Yelpers, this time for our chopped liver and bagel fix we'll try Scott's Deli instead.
It is difficult writing a review.  This restaurant changes in quality, portions and pricing quite frequently.  I have to say that I do enjoy the food, but the prices are expensive, too expensive - it is NY style deli!  A sandwich with an ice tea after tip is closing in on $20.00.

The staff are hit and miss; some good, some have these artificially less than genuine NY style bad ass attitudes - too funny!

The corn beef, pastrami and turkey is all good as is the cole slaw.  The desserts are simply fantastic.  Again, a piece of 7 layer cake for $5.00 or so is not something I care to remember or repeat.

I am probably one of the few that miss the atmosphere of the old location on Greenway.  The new location is just to artificial and kitsche.  

The wait in line can be frustrating - the greeters tend to deflate the actual wait times - try it with a three year old.

The food is good, but don't choke when you get the check.
By far the BEST BAGELS IN TOWN. The chopmie bagel in the grocery store are different then the ones at the restaurant deli. Go to the restaurant and get them.  I like this place for many reasons but dislike for many reasons as well. The food is great,  Best bagels ever, unreal sandwiches. All the servers act like they would rather be somewhere else and the prices are way to high. The pastry counter always looks so good but everything in there is stale and has been sitting out for to long. A sandwich can range from $10-14, for a sandwich, um, there good but a little expensive for a sandwich. I will never get bagels anywhere else, but as far as eating here I will do it cause its good but if the prices were a little lower I would be a regular. And the hostest with the short black hair needs to lose her attitude. She also needs to do something different with that hair of hers. lol
Nom! 

I think that as Jewish delis go, this one is really good. It's not my dead Jewish grandmother's kitchen, so fine, they don't get the fifth star.
Chompie's is to dining out what War and Peace is to reading.  Huge menu, most with huge servings, big space with decor that is anything but serene, wait staff with huge personalities, and getting through it takes forever when you take into account finding a parking spot and waiting for a table.  I have to prepare myself mentally for a visit there and usually leave exhausted anyway.  The food's a mix of hit and miss - offer that many items and odds are some won't work.  Can't go wrong with the enormous sandwiches and amazing chicken soup, though!
For Phoenix, the pastrami at Chompies is unbeatable...period.
OMG huge sandwiches.  I could not even fit the monte cristo in my mouth without heavy squishing beforehand.  It wasnt the best but it was the biggest I had eaten.  Big menu but things tend to be a little greasy and the  bakery stuff was a bit stale when we got it home.  Still pretty good!
Large portions all around... my sister had the lox, my nephew had the corned beef and I had an omelet... great food and great prices. I would say it's an authentically Kosher place except for ham on the menu as well as the number of dishes mixing meat and dairy. Excellent bagels, however. As General MacArthur said, I shall return.
I can't eat here anymore. The food is fine and the bagels are the best in town. The shit attitudes and poor service kill it. Fuck Chompie's!
We have been going to the Chompie's on Shea for over two years and really enjoyed the Hometown NY food and atmosphere. It reminded us of all the good things that you would find at Katz's in lower Manhattan. 

Okay, so why the setup for another Chompie's location?  Well the last few times at the Shea location we sat and waited, and waited(15 mins or so) for our waiter to come by and ask us for our drink order. Hey, when you're busy that's to be understood -- but our waiter was on break most of time and the place was half empty.  Also, it seems whenever we asked for anything (pickles, napkins, etc) our waiter seemed fairly indifferent to us.  It happened a few more times on different visits and so we had enough. 

Well, our trek in the desert has been rewarded. This Chompie's (PV Mall) is everything the other one wasn't.  The wait staff came by immediately and ask about our drink order & offered suggestions on different menu items. We were thrilled. We didn't realize there was another Chompie's nearby.  And the food was great (just like the one on Shea)!

From now on we will shlep the extra 10 minutes to the PV Mall location and will try to forget all about the other one over on Shea.  If you're into Katz's and some Catskill theater then you might enjoy the Chompie's on Shea, we didn't!  When the wait staff stand around talking while you're hungry, it's a real mood kill.

So go to Chompie's at the PV Mall and enjoy the food and service and feel free tip generously.  Oh, BTW there's a ton of parking available at PV another difference in their favor.  Enjoy!
After seeing the Phoenix edition of Man v. Food, I thought I would stop by and eat here since I was passing through Phoenix.  Of course, I didn't try the slider challenge but I did order the jewish sliders made famous by Adam Richman.

To tell you the truth, I didn't really like the sliders at all.  I ordered the 3 sliders and my other had the western sliders.  Both of them didn't really have much flavor to it.  I didn't really like the bread as well.  The pricing was also horrendous.  3 sliders for $11?  And not including any sides?  Shall I come again?  No thanks.

The only thing that prevented it from getting a one star is the cookies at the deli.  The small peanut butter filled cookies are delicious!  Pass on the food and just come here for dessert!
We had a fimily affair at Chompies (20 pp) on a quiet Sun. afternoon.  The service was OK, it was a tough crowd.  My 8 yr. old grand daughter wanted a bagel with a slice of Lox on it, I was informed that she would have to order the $12.95 platter.  I said all she wants is a bagel with a piece, was told the owner said not available.  I later talked to the owner and said I should have taken the leftovers home. (Not the point)  I used to eat there for the last 30 yrs.
I went to Chompie's with a severe craving for matzo ball soup. While I was there I picked up some day old bagels and a turkey sandwich as well. The soup? FRIGGIN AWESOME!!!! My mouth still waters when I think about it. So damn good! The day old mixed bagel bag? AMAZING! Day old? Really? I couldn't tell. Even when they were a few days old in my cupboard they still tasted great. 

My reason for the 4 star rating? You guessed it- the turkey sandwich. Now I am not a big sandwich person to begin with, but here was the problem: I ordered a turkey ruben, but was asked what kind of bread, cheese, toppings...??? What? I thought a turkey ruben was a turkey ruben and didnt have choices, so I'm like- "I"ll just have it how it normally is done". Well I ended up with a dry-ass plain turkey sandwich. No ruben to it. I was upset, and I had gotten it to go so there was no going back. 

Maybe I wasn't clear or the cashier didnt here the "ruben" part but anyway, it was a botched visit. I plan on hitting them up again soon and trying again- in house this time. Even if I dont get another sandwich, the matzo ball soup is worth a return visit all by itself!
Went back for the Matzo ball soup when I came down with a head cold and never felt better after eating it! The best I have had in town!
Relative to Carnegie's in NYC, Langer's in LA, Zingerman's in Ann Arbor and other world class delis, Chompie's gets a 4. Relative to anything else in AZ, it's more like a 5. The food is on the mark, the selection is very good and the PV location ambiance and service are great. Plus one has to love the fact that it's a sit-down restaurant, a walk-up deli, a coffee shop, a sports bar and an outdoor patio all-in-one. The only draw-back seems to be the longer-than-average waits... no doubt a reflection on the popularity of the place. Although they probably could use a couple more workers in the kitchen and servers on the floor to handle the volume of customers.
Pretty boring sandwich, unless you just really like meat. Service was downright rude. Overheard the server talking smack about us because we were disappointed with our meal. Pricey. Wont be back. Used to go there all the time when they were more authentic.
Awesome sandwiches, super nice servers, decent prices. We grabbed a lemon bar on our way out and that was the only reason I took away a star. It was too sweet, not enough tart. For $3 I expect a real lemon bar!
Everything you order here is sooo good! The clam chowder doesn't have the grainy / sandy bits in it (which I'm always looking out for in a good clam chowder) their perogies are great, and their Jewish Sliders are amazing (but loaded with calories, and pretty expensive, so it's a very rare order) -- basically everything you order here is really good.

The only bad thing I've seen be ordered is: a couple of friends ordered their ribs on their all you can eat night, and they didn't like them. The waitress said the ribs are a hit or miss kinda thing to order, that some nights it's a great batch, and some nights they aren't that good. But the manager came around and apparently other people were saying the ribs weren't good, so she asked them if they would like to order something else instead. So the service has always been friendly as well.
If you have spent any time in New York or LA and have gone to a neighborhood deli like Canter's or Katz's, then you will be schooled on what to expect at Chompie's.  This is the Phoenix equivalent of those places.  They do an excellent job of replicating the same food and atmosphere, without the high prices of Manhattan or LA.  I won't go into the details of the menu options, since if you belong in this sort of restaurant, you should have a pretty good idea of what to expect and what you will like.   Plus, having a bakery here means that the bread you get with your meal is outstanding, and you also have the option grabbing a loaf or some bagels on your way out.
Chompies is consistently good. I was there for breakfast again this morning and my omelet was perfect! So were the potatoes...and the bagel...of course. Good stuff! We were greeted and seated quickly and our waitress was great too. It was my friend's first time there and she took the time to explain their expansive menu and offer up a couple of her favorites. And I picked up some babka to go. Their bakery, deli and bread displays are huge! I've never been disappointed with Chompies.
Today was my second visit to Chompie's at Chandler Mall. The first was with my two boys and husband. It was a nice experience I had the corned beef sandwich that I found fairly bland but my husband's hot pastrami was great. My husband paid so I didn't pay attention to the cost. Grabbed a black & white cookie on the way out and was disappointed. 

Today I got the pastrami and it was great! Too bad the service was terrible! The hostess was nice but the waitress just could not care less. It was just me and my young boys and it happened to be kids eat free with an $8 entree. The pastrami was 7.99 I wondered what she would do.

First they only brought over two glasses of water,               then another...........................then......took....my.........order. It took a reasonable amount of time time to get the food. But I was annoyed I had to ask her for pickles since they typically bring them before the meal. Then there was never the stop by asking "how is everything?" Everything was fine but she should ask. Then we ran out of water and I had to flag her down, I think I annoyed her this time. I would feel bad except for the two guys who were seated so long they finally asked the hostess to find the waitstaff.
I was thinking about the tip - I tip well even for ok service but this was not that. I decided I would base it on whether or not she took off one of the kid's meals for the $7.99 meal. She did, the bill was $14.49 so I based her tip on the full price of $20.00 for two kid's meals and a half pastrami sandwich, I gave her a twenty and she brought me back five singles for my change! What the hell happened to the 51cents???? I left her $3 I felt cheap but she deserved it.
Waffle was delicious, fresh strawberries and whipped cream were perfect.
French toast was also great and filled me up fast. Milkshake was light and yummy. Id recommend to anyone that is a breakfast lover :)
Tasty tasty.  Had the breakfast tacos.  The egg, sausage, onion scramble was scrumptious but my tortillas were overcooked and in pieces.  Service was fantastic.
I think the "Soup Nazi" runs the counter service. 

Yes, it's always good to find a good Jewish deli, especially here in Phoenix. And maybe a little big city attitude adds to the ambiance. But is it necessary to provide such rude counter service? Maybe it's cultural? Maybe this place is owned and operated by the "Soup Nazi" from Seinfield? 

I tried to place a big order for my mother-in-law's birthday party. I wanted mini deli sandwiches, mixed fruit salad, chocolate covered strawberries, and mini cupcakes. The guy at the counter told me, in no uncertain terms, that I had it all wrong. You don't want mini deli sandwiches; you want whole ones, cut in half. You don't want mixed fruit salad, you want crudit, you don't want chocolate covered strawberries, they're too messy and expensive, you don't want mini cupcakes, and you want a regular sized cake. Really??? Then he quoted me a ridiculously high price. So what did I do? I politely told him that I'd think about it and quickly went to nearby Fry's (grocery store) and placed the exact order I wanted. I admit that Fry's catering food was a (smidgen) below the deli quality. But given the greatly reduced price (half?) and the customer service, I'm gonna stick with Fry's Food Stores. 

Guess it's a good thing I didn't try to order soup for the party. Surely the Chompies guy would have scowled and told me, "No soup for you."
This was our first time at this restaurant.  We went later in the evening when the place was almost empty. The food was OK.  Nothing to get excited about.   We were disappointed in how long it took the waiter to get back to us to take our order.  We had to ask someone to go get him.  Our waiter proceeded to sit down at the table next to us after we received our food and visited the entire time with what it seemed like old family "friends".  Sure he would get up now and then and refill our tea, however, we were unimpressed with this type of service.  He also had 2 other tables besides ours to wait on.   We know all about his personal life, when he is finishing up his schooling, etc.  I guess we are spoiled by going to other places in town.  My husband said that with the way the economy is restaurants should be jumping to make sure the customers want to come back and eat at their establishment.  There are way to many  good places to eat.  Thank goodness we used a gift card that I received at Christmas.  I can't imagine paying full price for the service we received.  We were disappointed but it would have been worse if we would have had to pay for the entire meal ourselves.
Best Jewish deli and bakery in town. Awesome staff, amazing food and out of control baked goods. We try to go to Chompies' at least once a weekend for breakfast. My favorite is the All American with a Poinsettia (champaign and cranberry) to drink.
Sometimes I wish I had been raised in a Kosher deli - but since I wasn't, Chompie's is the next best thing that I've found here in Arizona! So they lost a star for their service (which wavers between mediocre and non-existent) but the food is definitely AWESOME! 

I wish I had actually eaten here prior to 2009 but when I first tried 5 years earlier, I was left standing in the entrance without a single greeting or friendly look for at least 10 minutes; I figured they didn't want my business so I took my family by the hand and left. I came back only to receive the same cold unwelcome and after several glances my way and no offer of assistance I turned to leave. I was just about to walk out when the (owner? manager?) came running after us. She was brusque but she apologized and seated us herself. What followed next was a smorgasbord of naughty, bad fun! Dill pickles, mini latkas, pirogies, a halved knish smothered with corned beef, sauerkraut, and Swiss, and the most killer matzoh ball soup that I have tried to duplicate at home several times but to no avail! 

At first glance the prices seem a little steep for a deli but it's acceptable when you realize the quality and QUANTITY of the food you're getting. In fact, we usually end up walking out with half our food in doggy bags so sharing is perfectly acceptable! Besides, they offer different specials and deals every day of the week from Kids Eat Free to BOGO burgers! My favorite deal? 20% off ANY TIME for all active duty, retired, and veteran military members! Just don't forget to grab a dozen Lacies on the way out - you won't be sorry!
I used to frequent the 32nd Street & Greenway location, so I'm shocked to see they moved.........closer to where I used to live but AFTER I left !!  Anyway, I loved this deli.  They catered many a Rosh Hashanah / Yom Kippur meal for us.  I LOVED their bakery, esp. their babka and rugelah.  They made a mean sweet noodle kugel, and we used to order challah from them many a Shabbat.  Their bagels were legendary, and I loved when the Phoenix Suns would do really well and make it into the playoffs......the bagels were purple and orange.  They had every flavor of bagel imaginable, along with bialys.  I miss their bagels.  My favorite sandwich of theirs was either tuna salad or egg salad.  (My friend used to ask, "Who gets tuna at a deli?  Make it at home."  I still did.......I just loved it.)  I'm quite certain they still serve the same great food and still remain the BEST deli in the Greater Phoenix/Scottsdale area, bar none.
Let me preface this by saying we were in the mood for getting our grub on and we happened to see an episode of Man vs. Food featuring the slider challenge at Chompie's. How amazing does a slider sound with a potato pancake in it? To me and the fiance...that sounded incredibly amazing. So we ordered both versions of their sliders along with a side of crispy onion strings. Winners! The food is hearty and taste freakin' good. Mind you that the little sliders are hefty in flavor and very filling. I was only able to take one down leaving the other two for the next day leftovers....which...btw were just as exciting on day 2 as they were on day 1. But unfortunately, I won't be attempting the slider challenge anytime soon...those suckers are filling!

Take a peek at their menu and they have soooo many additional menu items. We are excited to go back and try more options including their breakfast items!
Their lox cream cheese is to die for! I could literally eat it with a spoon. Their bagels are good as well. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because they seem a little pricey for the dozen bagel/cream cheese bundle.
Good stuff, try the Jewish sliders:). Be ready for a long wait at lunch time.
Went last week for the special 99cent Jewish sliders.  They were so delicious.  Not very big though and the regular price of $3.99 is a little high.  The side order of french fries were quite good.  They were even better heated up in my toaster over.  Got real crisp on outside.
Beef brisket sliders were AMAZING! French dip was delcious! The au jus sauce was very flavorful. The bakery was fabulous! The cannoli was perfect. When you first seated they give you a dish of pickles and cucumbers and a basket of a variety of breads.
I have been to Chompie's many times, and have never been thrilled. However, after our last visit, I will NEVER return. 

I have never been treated so poorly in a restaurant as I was at this location last Sunday morning. We were quoted a 20 minute wait. Even with a 1 year old child, we thought we would give it a shot. After waiting for 45 minutes, I went up to see what the delay was, as they had seated many people who came in after us, before us. They were working for of 3 seperate, handwritten lists and had NO comprehensive system. (And this was one of the MANAGERS) When I asked when we would be seated, she practically yelled at me, and told me she had no idea. Seriously? Needless to say, we left. NEVER AGAIN.
We have been here so many times but I have yet to find a favorite dish. Don't get me wrong, I have never gotten anything that wasn't good, but it wasn't OMG great either. My boyfriend loves the pastrami or the turkey sandwiches & the chicken soup.  If the kids are with us we normally let them pick out a treat from the bakery. Chompies is a good place to go if you're in the area!
Traditional Jewish deli.  We stopped in for breakfast and were very impressed.  Huge portions, delicious food, fresh bagels and friendly, efficient service.  Can't wait to go back for lunch.
Great place for breakfast.  I have eaten there several times and never had a bad meal.  Hugh portions, great bagels and desserts.
"That's mold!" my sister said to describe the green layers running through the entire cake that we had picked up only a couple hours earlier at the PV Chompie's.  The cake we had just put in front of our spouses and kids.  I loaded a picture of the cake that has to be seen to be believed.  How old does a cake have to be to have this much mold running through it?  It's shocking that food professionals would allow a product as dangerous as this one to be eaten.  We took it back from our family and back to the store. The GM gave us our money back and offered us something else.  She mentioned something about talking to the bakery about the cake.  This is one situation that a GM can't make right to the customer.  Dangerous food is unfixable, and a red flag to a potentially systemic food handling problem in the restaurant.  Nope.  Keep your replacement pastry.  In fact, keep anything else you've got to serve, Chompie's.  I value my family's health too much to risk serving them your food again.
Chompie's is a good, albeit somewhat pricey, sandwich and slider place. I've heard it's just like a Jewish deli in New York, something I can't exactly attest to as I've never eaten at a Jewish deli in New York. I can attest to my meal today.

I started it off with a black and white chocolate soda shake, which was good--it's hard to make chocolate soda taste good, but this one was. 

I followed it up with a hot corned beef (only half, though) with sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were nice and crunchy, and the corned beef was good on its rye bread. 

My wife had the sliders and gravy with potato wedges - the gravy had a good home-cooked quality to it, and both of the meats were seasoned appropriately.
I went to Chompies today to pick up a few baked goods for work tomorrow. As I stood at the counter to place my order the gentleman behind the counter clearly ignored me and took the orders of 2 people that got in line behind me. I almost yelled " Am I invisible". Thankfully a women came out and happily took my order. The baked goods from Chompies are actually quite good that is why I continue to go there despite the poor service that I always receive there.
We've been back to Chompie's several times and we really like it.  Everything we've ever had to eat here is quite good and the service is always excellent.  It's definitely the best Jewish deli we've found in the Valley.
Chompies is our "go-to" place when no one can agree on what they want for dinner. They cater to kids very well, both of my offspring love eating here because they can order a cup of soup or a grilled cheese. I have to say that I have never had a bad meal here. The wait staff is very kind (we usually leave a small tornado after leaving). There are nightly specials which my hubby loves. I am a fan because it is not a packaged food place like Chili's or Applebees.
I came here to try the Jewish sliders that were on the Man vs. Food challenge, not the challenge.  There was also a western slider that sounded good.  The waitress starts out by asking for our drinks and gives us a dish pickles... NICE!!  The entree came with three sliders.  The waitress was able to substitute one Jewish slider for a western slider, which was cool.  

The plate came out and every square inch was covered.  The brisket from the slider was cooked well.  The roll for the slider was really filling.  I'm glad there was a side of gravy that came with the order.  Great dipping sauce.  The western slider with briskets, onion strings, cheddar, and bbq sauce tasted better than the Jewish slider with brisket potato cake and swiss cheese.  Instead of fries, I got the onion strings.  Rings would've been better than strings.  

I brought some desserts home.  They were good, but not WOW good.  

If I come back, I'll probably better off with a regular sandwich.
I decided to order a Corned Beef sandwich. I ordered a half sandwich, which was $7.99. They don't have white bread and I'm not a fan of Rye so I ordered it on Challah sliced bread, which was very good. They do offer a Challah roll. 

FOOD:
The CORNED BEEF had fairly good flavor but the meat itself was dry. Some parts were hard and discolored. Not tender. Very disappointing. The bread was sliced so poorly that I literally had half of my bread missing on one side of the sandwich. There is a load of meat and I'd say the price of the sandwich is on par with a VERY GOOD CORNED BEEF SANDWICH in an EXCELLENT NY DELI, such as Woodro (Hewlett, NY). But, this sandwich didn't warrant the price. 

I ordered the POTATO KNISH ($4.99). The outside was somewhat over fried. The texture of the potato inside was very good. I did add salt and pepper, but I do that to any Knish I have. I'd order the Knish again.

EXPERIENCE:
The server asked if this was my first time there and I told her it was. It appeared that every table around me was getting a dish of pickles when they sat down. I didn't get anything. The waitress brought my soda and still no pickles. Another server brought my sandwich and I asked if the pickles were something special to be ordered. He said I was supposed to have them and asked if I wanted pickles. Since I am a pickle fanatic, I said I'd like some. Well, the pickles weren't very good. I wasn't missing anything. They weren't pickles you'd find in a Jewish deli. 

I had to wait a long time for the check. I did tell the server my thoughts on the corned beef. She came back and said the manager would like to give me half a dozen bagels, I declined but she insisted. I said assorted would be fine. 

BAGELS: I tried half of an EVERYTHING BAGEL - it was actually good. 

COOKIES: Hamentashen were very good. Almost as good as my favorite NY bakery, Walls' (also in Hewlett, NY). And, the BUTTER COOKIES ($14.99/lb) were tasty, as well. I would definitely use their bakery.

OVERALL:
I would try Chompie's again since I try not to make a final decision on my first try. I just wish the corned beef was way better. So, if someone else orders it, I will try it. But, I wouldn't take the chance on the same sandwich again. I'd order something different next time and make a decision.

PS They don't take Discover Card.
Yes, I may be showing my age here, but I remember when Chompies was a storefront deli in a tiny strip mall near 32nd Street and Shea.  From there, they grew into a new location on Greenway and added several more locations throughout the valley.  In Phoenix, it's always a good sign when a restaurant is still around two years later, let alone thirty.  Chompies has established itself as a traditional NY style deli.  Now, I've never been to the city, so I cannot argue whether or not this place is a true New York style deli, but I can tell you it is good enough for me.  Breakfasts served all day (most items), Eggs Benedict is made with a homemade Hollandaise sauce, with your typical home fries and fresh fruit on the side.  Eggs are always cooked to order and my wife's favorite has always been bagels and lox.  She has it every time she goes, not trying anything else.  The sandwiches are gargantuan, as are the prices for these sandwiches, but they are good.  The brisket is juicy and tender, the pastrami flavorful and piled high.  The last time I ate there I had the Borenstein burger.  I figure if I ordered something you don't traditionally get in a deli, it will show how well they break out of their mold.  I'll have to say the burger was not bad.  I ordered it medrare with American Cheese and Bacon.  The burger is a half pound of beef slathered with the cheese appropriately melted and grilled on a real grill, not a griddle.  The grilled flavor really comes through on this sandwich.  The bun is fresh and toasted, assisting with that great grilled flavor.  Bacon was crispy and the usual accoutrement was fresh and crispy.  The burger is served with crispy-coated potato wedges, crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside.  Yum.  Of course, I have mine with a side of mayo for dipping.  The plate is rounded out with a small cup of crispy cole slaw, slightly sweet and a perfect foil for the burger.  To quench my thirst, I had the usual iced tea.  Fresh and cold, this in itself is worthy of a star.  The menu is quite extensive and if you cannot find something here to like, then you just don't like anything.
Arriving for a late lunch on a Friday at the PV mall location, I still had to wait for a table.  Because of the industrial-quality design of the dining room, it was quite noisy and for a person with hearing difficulties, forget about table conversation, it's just not possible.  They do have outside dining and a small bar you could sit at if you are in a hurry, want some alcohol or want to eat outside.  Most of the servers look like they were working here from day one and could use a break, and the New York attitude is prevalent - at least what I stereotype as a New York attitude - gruff and direct, they are not here to be your best friend, however, the service is good and fast.  Besides, I have enough friends.  There is a large deli attached to the restaurant with all the usual deli stuff - delicious looking baked goods from baklava to bread pudding, cupcakes to cookies and tarts.  I didn't try the deli side, but it all looked very good.  For me it has never been a five-star experience, but it is always dependable.
Well it is a little pricey...But other than that it is a grat glimpse into what a New York Jewish Deli is like. Half Restaurant half deli. The place was packed luckily I was by myself and could just order from the Deli and sit in the express eating section. I was so Hungover from the night before and I ordered up a storm with the Jewish sliders and bunch of pastries. 
The Jewish Sliders were unreal. Challah bread with Beef Brisket, Pepper-jack, Potato Latkes, and gravy.. Oh man! You get 3 with the order and they even have a Man Vs food challenge of 12 which would be impossible!! The potato wedges were ok, no salt and they forgot the gravy..I will for sure return next time I am in PHX!
Good solid Jewish Deli, especially for Phoenix.

I really like the matzo ball soup and feel any visit is incomplete without ordering it.  The stuffed cabbage, though I frequently order it, I shouldn't.  The sandwiches are overstuffed and delicious in my experience.

On an odd side note, they make a pretty decent hot dog as well.
Oh my God, Chompie's is the bomb and I'm so happy to have a location so close to my house!

While this location has a steady customer base, I have never had to wait longer then five minutes to be seated, unlike the other location at 92nd Street, Win! Service has always been fantastic. Quick on to seat, quick to get drinks, quick on refills, and delicious food from breakfast to dinner items. As other reviewers have stated, the Jewish sliders are amazing, but I have also enjoyed different wraps and sandwiches. Prices are a little higher, but the food is well worth the money. There is a "bar area" with about six stools and two TV's that you are able to see from your tables/booths which usually has ESPN on. 

The restaurant itself is all decked out in a NYC theme, well lit, but the acoustics aren't that great so it can get a little noisy. Bathrooms are nice and always clean. Oh, and don't forget to check out their bakery for delicious goodies to take home!
One of the best places in town for hearty cooking.  There is little on the menu that I have not liked.  The portions are perfect sized and it never disappoints.  We eat here at least once a month or so. 
On rare occasions we have had a less than stellar meal, but even then it is above average.  
For breakfast... it is awesome.
I had never heard of Chompie's until I saw it on Man vs. Food - they are famous and known for their Jewish sliders. They have the same Ultimate Slider Challenge that Adam Richman tried at the restaurant and everyone is open to challenge themselves.

We were only there for a late breakfast though so no food challenges for us ;) Chompie's has an extensive breakfast menu and it took me awhile to figure out what I wanted. Eventually I ended up ordering the two eggs any style (I had them scrambled) with homefries and a bagel. It was more than enough food! Everything tasted pretty good and the homefries had tons of flavor. The bagel was fresh and the cream cheese was very creamy. Pretty solid breakfast, no complaints! 

My boyfriend ordered the corned beef hash with potatoes and a bagel and he could barely finish it, but it was definitely yummy leftovers for later. His mom had the chicken soup with matza balls and she said it was one of the best she's had. It looked pretty good!

We didn't get to grab any desserts or grab anything from the bakery but everything looked delicious. Next time I definitely want to grab something to go!

Overall, Chompie's is a solid breakfast, lunch, and dinner spot. Everything on their menu sounds good and I can definitely see why people keep coming back.
Lox and bagel with breakfast was pretty good, but not traditional. Schmears, no!  lox and scrambled eggs; okay. Lots of food, but I was hoping for deli-style lox and bagle. Still, pretty good breakfast.
I LOVE this place! This was one of my first foodie finds when I moved to Phoenix. It was everything review sites described and more. The bakery has an endless array of treats, all delicious. The sandwiches are huge and worth every bite. They offer 20 different kinds of cream cheese! I'm a huge food lover and I love this place. I bring all my guests to eat here and it never disappoints.
I have been a Chompie's fan for many years!  Whether I am stopping in to pick up a bialy and an iced tea or sitting down to grab a sandwich in the restaurant.  The triple deckers are awesome!  I can't get a Rueben anywhere else because they are never even close to as good as Chompie's!  Service in the restaurant can be hit or miss.  We have had the best service, and other times it left more to be desired, but it has never been bad.  Definitely suggest stopping by the bakery and grabbing a dessert to take home for later!
Have been eating here and the 92nd St location for years.  It's certainly not the best deli, but it's the best deli in Scottsdale and the surrounding area.  It's no Brent's or Jerry's but you take what you can get :)  OK, if you've had the mushroom barley soup at Brent's or the corned beef sandwich at Jerry's, you know what I'm talking about.

Very good matzo ball soup, LEO, brisket sandwich, chicken salad, and whole grain pancakes.  Decent corned beef, pastrami, and bagels.  The chopped liver isn't very good.  They don't have the best 'dinner' food, the dinner entrees are really hit and miss.  But for breakfast and lunch, it hits the spot.  The service is usually pretty good, even when its busy.

It's pricey, as is any good Jewish deli.  But the portions are hefty and worth the price.
WOW! WOW! WOW!! My mom always raves about Chompie's so I made her take me. I also wanted to try the Jewish sliders Adam Richman ate on Man vs. Food. Absolutely totally delicious!! Also had the matzo ball soup, a must have! They have quite an extensive menu, all fresh made on site and totally delicious!! You won't go wrong with anything you order! Heard the whitefish salad is amazing, will try that next!
I go here for one reason and one reason only...Hot Pastrami !!  Being a transplant NY'er I just get the craving and Chompie's has never dissapointed me!  Maybe I will order something else in the future, but probably not....
Unassuming deli spot with a huge menu including their own crafted meats, bagels, breakfast, and desserts. 4.5

Food: 4.5, Atmosphere: 3, Service: 4
Cost to worth it rating: 3
Return worthiness: yes!
Eve award: best non-burger sliders I've ever had

Highlights:
- Jewish sliders: tender sliced beef brisket on top of deliciously seasoned crispy potato pancakes in between 2 soft dense shiny challah buns. Top in with the gravy it comes with, and you're close to true bliss. Amazing!!! Though that man vs food guy tried to eat a dozen in a half hour--that's a bit much.
- Corned beef hash: one of my fave breakfast items and this is one of the best. Smooshed ground version with crisped edges but not processed tasting or too salty
- Fries: crispy wedges but potatoey soft inside. Fantastic when dipped in the gravy
- Brisket dip: twist on the traditional French the hub enjoyed
- Could take large groups: we had 16 and there was a party in the back room with 30

Lowlights:
- Some breakfast items have time restrictions: things like eggs benedicts are only served til 3pm (there was a crazy one I wanted to try on top of a potato pancake)

Had a great family meal here and would come back for those sliders alone.
Best corned beef sandwich I've had anywhere at anytime. Definitely great portions of food. The jewish sliders are very good especially with the potato pancakes. Too bad they aren't in California because I can see myself visiting this a lot.
This place is awesome! (food wise) you definitely get more than you are expecting! My husband & I couldn't eat even half of what we ordered! We had the Jewish sliders and hot pastrami sandwich. Both were delicious but your body feels disgusting after eating there ha if def go back for lunch!
I've been a fan of Chompie's for quite some time, but lately, the place has been going downhill. To get right to the point, I recently ordered a Ruben with pastrami (AKA as a Rachel, which I have ordered many times before) and was very disappointed. This is the most basic of deli sandwiches and one that I often use as an indicator of how good the rest of the menu is. In my book, if you're running a deli and can't get this sandwich right, you might as well close up the place. 

The sandwich that came to my table was half the size of the usual one and cost even more than I expected. Obviously, the price of everything on their menu has increased by at least $2 or more. If you are going to charge $14 for a Ruben/Rachel, it had better be one hell of a sandwich. The rye bread looked like it had been cut in half across its width and although the pastrami was stacked high, there were too many fat pieces hanging along the edge. I understand that some of the flavor comes from the fat left on the meati, but this was way too much. The sandwich was also greasy and it looked to be from a huge dousing of butter on the the rye bread. Overall, the sandwich was still pretty good, but not anywhere near the $14 price. At many other delis, I could get two sandwiches for that price!

It's not that I mind paying more for quality food, but lately, the already overpriced items at Chompie's have hit a new level. Sure, everything costs more today and I understand that restaurants are paying more than ever for their ingredients. However, if you really look at what you are getting for your money at Chompie's, you will soon realize that you are being taking advantage of. Call it greed or whatever you want, but the math doesn't add up for what you get. To add insult to injury, you are reminded of their ridiculous prices both when you enter the restaurant on the bakery side and when you leave the same way. Case in point: I love Napoleon pastries, but at over $5 a pastry, you can't but think you are being scammed by this place.

In the past, Chompie's had been great in food and service, but their overpriced food today is nothing special and has left me looking elsewhere to get my deli fix.
The food is pretty good, but overpriced.  Waitstaff was attentive, which I appreciated. The main reason I won't go back is the prices - you DON'T get what you pay for.....
Awesome sandwiches (check out man v. food); try the jewish and western sliders...They are awesome.

Other items that I've tried are so-so, but try the specials.
Any place that makes you wait shouldn't just throw some chairs and a bench down the hallway.  I'm not sure which is more uncomfortable.  Obviously the owners have never sat there.

It's this we don't really care attitude that permeates the whole place.   One day you get a juicy corned beef sandwich and then next day it's filled with some fatty pieces that are closer to dog food than people food.

I have better luck with food during the weekday than the weekend.  At least I don't have to sit and wait.  Maybe they can't handle a rush.  Do yourself a favor and turn around if they say it will just be a few mins.
Great sliders, come on all you can eat night!  Bakery is awesome, ribs are ok, free breakfast on your bday!  No clue how adam richman did the slider challenge, I wanted to cry after 10.
Everyone seems to love Chompie's but I am not there yet.  I haven't really enjoyed the baked goods.  The food was okay but the prices are too high for what it is.  I've had better but I do have to say that they provide Challah bread to most places in the valley and even the the price is high I need my challah bread for french toast!
Every time I go to Phoenix, I stop into Chompies at least once.

They have a cool breakfast/lunchy deli theme. It would be like dressing up a hole in the wall ny deli.

I usually get breakfast even at lunch time.

The staff is normally friendly and inviting.

The food options are plentiful. Anything you want from a NY Deli is here. They bake their own breads and make most everything in house. 

Chompies serves BIG oversized portions and I usually dont finish mine but will also try other peoples dishes when I'm there. order frsh squeezed OJ its the real deal.

I was watching Man VS Food and he did a challange there and he couldnt do it. Its a dozen chopped sauteed beef brisket, latke potato cake topped with onions and cheese on a homemade bun thing(I forgot what they call it). sliders and they looked so good I'm gonna get those next time I'm there.

Make sure to try any of the desserts. They display them nicely and eat it or take it home.mmmmm

Anyways theres a couple of Chompies in Metro Phoenix/Scottsdale area and go to either one and you'll get some good grub!
I used to go to Chompies for lunch with my friends when it first opened  a tiny little store near 32nd st and Shea. Bagels were cheap sustenance for the high school girl.

I sold their bagels for National Honor Society. They brought in the bucks.

As an adult my dad would take me to their restaurant for big bagel and lox feasts. I would get a zucchini bagel and my Jewish stepmonster would CRINGE. 

I guess zucchini is kind of sacreligious for a New Yorker. 

But I really liked the zucchini bagel. 

This is my proto-type bagel, and that of my highschool buddies. One friend went so far as to ask his wife to learn how to make bagels when the Foreign Service put them in Ecuador, because he missed them so. She's been boiling dough ever since.

If I went to Phoenix today, I'd be there for breakfast in the morning. 

I liked the ruggelach too ( Ok, I can't spell it, but I liked them, a lot).

Sometimes I'd get the 3 salad sampler ( bagel chips with tuna salad, egg salad, and something else.. chicken salad?, lettuce, cucumber... mmm. But a little mayo heavy). 

Potato Latkes? sure! 

Chompies is cool, I know it's had it's issues over the years ( long waits, grumpy servers) but it's still like coming home.
Their menu is overwhelming with all of the choices. They jave just about everything a restaurant could offer. You won't leave this place hungry because their portions are huge. You can easily split a meal between two people.

I am a fan of having breakfast or lunch here. I have never had dinner.

Great bagels and bread!
It was good.  Had the pastrami and liked it.  Great pickles and the bakery is huge.
We have visited the Paradise Valley location several times and it has always been stellar. Excellent east coast style service, very friendly management and of course, fabulous food. Hot Pastrami on Rye and and order of Sliders. It does not get any better. Excellent take-out counter. Puts LA delis to shame (except Brent's).
Great New York style deli.
This is my husband's and my favorite place to come for breakfast.  I have never eaten lunch or dinner here, so can only vouch for breakfast. And it is awesome! This last time I got the Torrey Pines omelet and oat bialy...the omelet was melt in your mouth good. My husband got the banana nut pancakes which were twice as big as his face for one. He usually gets the bobka crumb french toast, which I would classify more as dessert it is so sweet, but so delicious! I have never  been disappointed with anything I have gotten. The dessert case is incredible looking but I have never gotten anything from it...one day I will though!!
Guess they make the best bread In town and they have fresh cream cheese. I want to try their Bobka some day. 

That also have a cute little bar and some good relaxing music .. Good place for a quick brunch or lunch on a weekend
Jew food heaven!!  I'm part of the tribe so I can say those things.  The Reuben is awesome.  Bagels are good.  Chicken soup is good.  Service is always good, but that's because the family knows all of the servers like family.  Always nice, never a bad meal, nothing is ever a problem, bill is always correct.  Never wait long... Yet something keeps it from getting the elusive 5th star.
Our family has been going here for 20 years.  The food is excellent.  The ambiance is New York City deli style.  Their breakfast is the best part and especially the omelets.  My wife loves the chicken soup with matzo ball.  Everyone should go here at least 1-2 times.
You can never go wrong here.  The food is fabulous no matter what you order and the people are friendly and coffee is good.  Its one of my favorite places to eat breakfast in fact im going there again this weekend!
Chompie's Deli puts me in a New York State of Mind. It is a New York Deli in Phoenix's Paradise Valley Mall that gives New York delis in New York City a run for their money.

  My brother and I came across Chompie's Deli after walking out of a nearby restaurant that gave a mediocre first impression. As soon as we walked in the door of Chompie's Deli, we had a confident first impression. A 15-minute wait persuaded us that we were in for a wonderful dining experience.

  A fifteen minute wait at Chompie's is time well used. Their menu is enormous, leaving several difficult choices to make.

  In my situation, when it was time to order, the choices were simple. I ordered two New York Kosher deli icons that I grew up to love in New York and have been having difficulty finding in Las Vegas. They were a knish and kasha Varnishkas. The size of a Chompie's knish is of higher rank than any that I tasted in New York. By the time I finished the potato knish and kasha varnishkas, it dawned on me how much I miss the New York Kosher Deli food.

  In similar fashion to their knish, Chompie's is a large restaurant. It has the same foot print of a T.G.I Friday's with both an entrance from inside and separate from the Paradise Valley Mall.

  Chompie's Deli is more than eating out. They also have a thriving take out business. My brother took out chocolate covered rainbow cookies. Like the Twinkies, chocolate covered rainbow cookies are scarce. Instead of paying $1,000 for a Twinkie on EBay, you can buy something in the ballpark of eight chocolate covered rainbow cookies for nearly $10 in Chompie's. And, near the take out counter there is interesting newspaper clippings that tell the story of Chompie's growth.

 Regardless of how well Chompie's excels at their New York Deli business, I offer some constructive criticism. Disparate from the New York Kosher delis that I have dined in, complimentary pickles and cole slaw are nonexistent here.  Then again, this tradition could have changed since the last time I visited New York five years ago.

  I am pleased that my brother and I found Chompie's Deli. Now if a serious urge for a potato knish and kasha varnishkas hits me, instead of boarding an airplane for New York, I can drive around 250 miles to Phoenix.
Chompie's is a fun place to go in AZ.  My kids saw the Jewish Slider Challenge on Man v. Food so when we were in the area visiting family, it was high on our list of attractions (and there's not much to do in AZ).  

The mall that Chompie's is in is not that great (not when you think about the Scottsdale Fashion Plaza...but I digress).  When you walk into Chompies, you think for a second that you've walked into a Jewish deli/bakery in NY.  There are lots of roomy booths. The waitstaff is pretty nice and attentive.

The bakery has 2 full cases of cakes and cookies- all of your NY classics- 3 color cookies, macaroons, black and white cookies, jam cookies, canolis.  It's a diabetic nightmare, but so tasty!

I've been here 3 times. Had the Jewish sliders every time!  Don't forget to order extra gravy for dipping.  The matzo ball in the matzo ball soup is too tough, but really huge.  I also have had the stuffed cabbage and really enjoyed the tart, sweet, savoryness!
Out doing some shopping w/the Ms, Stopped in for a quick bit to eat & WoW was the place packed! She had never been & I had to see the Hostess for a table, when two seats at the bar opened up. Now my honey doesn't useually like sitting at the bar stools as she has a bad back but we were kind of in a hurry, as is everyone this time of year. I hadn't been in a Chompies since 1980...WoW what a mistake, I forgot how damn quick the service was & how GOOD the food was!!!! My girl even said the bar stools were comfrotable & that this was here new favorit place! I will be back soon!
basically pretty good jewish kosher food. all the food i had was really good and service was good as well. i had a good appetizer, a delicious tuna salad sandwich, and matzball soup. man vs. food went here for the brisket slider sandwich challenge. i didn't realize it was a chain til later, bc it all tastes so fresh! they also have a huge deli with tons of bakery cookies n pastries.
jewish sliders and all the breakfast are great
The best Jewish Deli & Bakery in Arizona hands down!
I have now stopped into this Chompie's now twice.  I historically have gone to Einstein's for bagels, and while I enjoy them everyone I have spoken to has sworn by this place.  They were right.  I really loved the cheddar bagel here.  It was incredibly fresh and not overally toasted.  I absolutely was impressed with the size of their bakery with some sugar free options.  I was almost a little overwhelmed by everything they had.  I can't wait to stop in some time to try one of there breakfast or lunch items.
The food here is amazing. Everything I have had has been great, Burgers, breakfast, huge sandwiches! It can get really busy but is always worth the wait. Quality food and good service!
We have been going to this Chompie's for many years now and the the service has gotten progressively worse. Today we were told the wait would be 15 minutes, it ended up being 45 minutes. They could at least be honest about it so i can make a decision. Being busy is one thing but this was ridiculous. To make things worse, at least one party of similar size was seated without being called out. Nice! The only reason I give two stars is because our waitress Ashley was awesome as always. There are a lot of new breakfast places nearby that have awesome food and don't treat you like this. I won't go to Chompie's again.
Visited for a takeout, so only reviewing on the food and not the place.

A beastly huge sandwich, with loads of filling. But wasn't over impressed, I guess the quantity v quality thing applies for me here. I thought the bread was poor and not up to the job. Especially as it cost $13, if I remember it was the New Yorker. Picked up a better sandwich in an airport in Hartford last week for cheaper. That can't be a god sign?
Not once, but twice we received the worst service I can remember ever receiving at a restaurant.  The tall, semi-bald waiter in the first area walked away from us while we were still talking during both visits, and the second time he never brought us our drinks or asked us how our food was, yet we were billed for those drinks and there was an issue with the order.  While this was going down, the afternoon manager dramatically swoops in the front door and comes over to our table with the following statement, "Calm down, the beverages have been deducted from your bill!"  As though doing the right thing in the end deserved a round of applause.  Then, as we were getting up to leave, the waiter offered us a free dessert...kind of an afterthought because other customers saw and heard what had been happening.  No, thank you...an apology for his haughty attitude would have been much more well-received.  I prefer going to Canter's in Los Angeles, and will just resign myself to the fact that there is nothing like it (or that even comes close) in Arizona.  Canter's has wonderful customer service, whereas the management of this eatery evidently does not train their employees adequately in that regard; even the deli person was indifferent during a completely different visit (knishes to go).  The food means nothing to me when the service is poor, and I won't be returning.  P.S.  Tried to call the person in charge of complaints of this nature and was never able to speak with him personally due to an extended game of phone tag.  Sad.  Even in Hollywood, waiters and waitresses are aware that good customer service = no complaints, and great customer service brings out the generosity in even the worst of the world's Scrooges.
I have been going to Chompies for years and normally I would give it a better rating.. When our out-of-town guests wanted to go out for breakfast we immediately thought of Chompies. I knew it would be busy on a Sunday morning but I expected they know how to handle a crowd. There was quite a few people waiting for tables but when we registered our party of 5 we were told it would be about a 10 minute wait. We were seated 35 minutes later. While our server was nice and helpful it took another 30 minutes to finally get our orders in and get served our food. We immediate asked for a plain, unheated bagel for a starving and fidgeting toddler and had to ask about it twice before it finally arrived...toasted.  Our food, when it finally did arrive, was pretty good but not up to what I have come to expect from Chompies. I think they might just have been having a bad day but I will never go there on a weekend morning again and I don't recommend you do either.
The ruben was awful and the service, this place and food is not the same anymore.
A group of friends met at Chompies at Paradise Valley Mall for breakfast on Sunday, St. Patrick's Day.  Our waiter was Donald.  He is, by far the rudest waiter we have ever had at this restaurant.  He walks away while you are still talking to him.  He does not acknowledge requests, such as refills on coffee.  He got all of the orders wrong, even though he wrote them all down.  There were three couples in our group; he split the check in two groups of three people.  Who does that?????? One person in our group said that they would NEVER come to this Chompies again.  However, we have always had good food and good service in the past, so we will return.  However, we will definately ask NOT to be placed at Donald's table.  I read another review that sounds like it is also him.  Management should replace him with someone who is not rude and can read his own orders.
We went to Chompies on Tatum to have a nice Sunday breakfast and got the waiter from hell...Donald. He was rude - acted like he was doing us a great favor by waiting on us,  we had to ask for coffee refills over and over, when our orders came 75% of them were incorrect and then when the bill came, it was all screwed up and had to be changed at least twice to finally get it right, What the heck??? This is what he chooses to do. He is an horrible representative for Chompies. We will never sit in his section again, that is if he is still employed there. We love their food and most of all of their servers but this guy ruined it for us for a while. Most sad. A dining experience should not be like that.
Bakery items look nice but taste terrible! I took home 2 mini chocolate mousse cake slices and 2 lemon bars. Dry and awful! They all were close to being stale and hard. My guests for dinner were disappointed  as was I. I picked these all up Monday afternoon which I presumed would be fresh....wrong!
The quality of food at Chompie's has gone downhill drastically.  Last night we ordered the French Dip sandwich and the meat was so tough that we had to throw 2 thirds of it out.  We ordered potato pancakes and they were burned!  How disgusting.  The dill pickle that comes with this was limp not crisp.  We also ordered a chopped liver sandwich.  The bread was soggy, yuck.  This food was ordered takeout so we could not send it back. Believe me we will consider whether we should order from Chompie's takeout, but we will probably not again since this is our second problem with their takeout (The first was when we ordered a full sandwich and when we got home there was only 1/2 sandwich.)
Best deli in Phoenix... or really anywhere outside of New York. I've never had a bad experience with the food.

Food: The food is great, fresh, and plentiful. I've never ordered a dish and thought it was too small. They have the usual pastrami, corned beef, chicken liver, etc. I actually prefer some of their hot plate food though. The meatloaf is amazing, as is the chicken schnitzel. And the Chicken In The Pot with kreplach is perfect to cure the common cold.

Bakery: Even better. They have the baked goods that every displaced New Yorker misses - rainbow cookies, black and white cookies, red velvet cake, chocolate babka, and even halvah by the pound. Chompies also bakes their own bread and the challah is amazing. Plan to take some home. 

Take out: Always ready when promised, always hot when I pick it up.

Wait staff: If Chompie's has a weak spot, it is here. Some of their waiters are great, others are really bad at their work. There's really no way to predict this though.
My last experience with Chompie's was a horrible one. I was given the name and number of the corporation manager. As soon as he heard my name he denied it ever happened before I had a chance to talk. Instead of a well deserved apology he claimed I was lying!  Several calls and messages left for the owners were not returned. Obviously they sided with the manager. Needless to say they have lost all my future business and my friends and families business including their catering service. In contrast I took friends to Joe's Farm Grill last week. The ribs were slightly undercooked. I complained only as a favor to the restaurant, not expecting restitution. Their corporate manager found me and gave me back a full refund on both dinners that I had purchased plus a $100 gift certificate!
$27 for breakfast? Manager not helpful.

Although it is not in my neighborhood, I've been trekking to Chompies for years. I like the baked goods and New York Deli menu. 

Saw a coupon in the local paper for breakfast "buy one breakfast ($7.99 or greater) and get the 2nd breakfast free."  This reminded me that I was overdue for a trip to Chompies. An out-of-town houseguest was the perfect reason to go back.

We presented the coupon upon ordering our food. The server said "hang on to that (coupon.)"  He said that other people had trouble with the fine-print terms of the coupon. He cautioned us to order only items at or above $ 7.99.  We had done our homework and chose dishes off the menu priced at $10.99 and $8.99.  Aside from that, I ordered one small juice and my friend one coffee.

The food was delivered quickly. The bagels were great.

When the server left the bill at the table ($27) I reminded him about the coupon and asked him to recalculate the bill.  He returned with the same bill, saying that "one of our dishes was a special, and therefore it was not eligible for the coupon discount."  We asked to see a manager. 

The manager came to our table and listened to our plea. He did not say much. He took the coupon and said "let me see if your server has closed out this bill."  After 10 minutes, our server came back with $4 and said "it's all settled guys, here you go." 

That makes no sense, we were owed $8.99.  Not $4.  

So...prices too high...attitude is wrong...I won't go back for breakfast.
Always a y yummy bfast! Service is always on point.
This place is a must if you are in the Paradise Valley area. It's one of our favorite deli/resturants.  We went to have breakfast here this past weekend.  We walked in and went over to the hostess stration.  Imediately we were greated by a woman with so much energy.  She welcomed us and was so very curtious.  Once we sat down, our server was quick to take our drink orders.  She was very pleasant and had a fun attitude.  We've been here a few times, so we know what we like.  I had the Breakfast Taco's.  They are SO yummy and if you're interested they are on the Glutten Free part of the menu (which I think is a great plus to have this available). 
As always, this location never fails on service or food flavor.
I'm a Phoenix native and whenever I am home, we go to Chompies. My daughter loves Chompies bagels. So much that she calls bagels "chompies." I got her hooked on the bagel bites because they sell them in Sprouts out her in SoCal. 
Took the whole family and everyone was happy. This is a place you can take that has somthing for everyone.
They are one of the few places that serve a Monte Cristo.  They are wonderful and I have moved out the of Phoenix area but when ever I go back for a visit they are a must hit.
AWFUL, will never go here again, the PASTRAMI and everything and the service was awful.
I wish we would have found this place sooner!  For Mother's Day this year I was craving French toast. After seeing some good reviews for this place we placed an order for pick up. Even though they were crazy busy, our order was ready in 15 minutes. BEST French toast I have had at a restaurant! Since then we have come here a once for breakfast, once for lunch am once to pick up some of their delicious desserts. I highly recommend!
awful food and so is the service.
Chompie's I love your restaurant but really poor customer service today.  I came in to order the Jewish Sliders for .99 cents.  I understand the rules of dine in prices only and no take out orders.  But "no to go box" if I don't finish my order of minimum of 2 and I can't take home my leftovers?  

I am in the restaurant industry myself and I understand the people out there that can abuse special deals.  But to tell me that I have to pay for my food and not be able to take home what I don't finish is ridiculous.  Plus the snotty waitress that offered to give me napkins then say "I don't make the rules" with smirk on her face didn't help the situation.  You should have instructed your staff to just say yes instead of risking losing customers.

I got up and left.
Love the Ruebens. They have four different kinds listed on the menu. They are grilled to perfection and quite large. I am also a huge fan of the chicken noodle soup with matzo ball. Just plain good.

Service has always been good.
Horrible don't give a cr*p service. The worst I have experienced in any restaurant here in the valley! The manager Gary is an apathetic weasel with no customer service skills. Anyone want to buy a $25 gift card from this dump?
Sad to say, but I don't feel the love at Chompies anymore.  It used to be a touch of home, but prices have gone way up, and service has gone way down.  My last visit left me feeling nickeled and dimed to death.  Truth told, it was more dollared to death.  I ordered a bagel and lox plate and was given a tiny amount of cream cheese. When I ran out and asked for more..... they charged me $2.29.  They never brought my table any pickles, and they charged extra for someone's bread.  We had to flag down the waitress a couple of times.  She never stopped at our table unless we sent someone to find her.  We left having spent almost $60 for 3 breakfast entrees, and that is pretty sad.
The pickles are the best part!

Whether you get breakfast, lunch or dinner the food is always good and the service is decent. 

I wish they had more non-breakfast vegetarian options besides vegetarian chili (it's not that great).
Stopped into Chompie's for breakfast this morning. Chompie's definitely has a wide selection and looks like a solid delicatessan for lunch and breakfasts. In terms of take out, a solid choice for a tasty bagel. The bagel breakfast sandwiches on the other hand need some work. I orderered a parmesan bagel, ham, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich. Bagel was awesome and one of the best Ive had and the sandwich was definitely tasty, however was sitting in a PUDDLE of oil. Not necessarily the easiest thing to eat on the go. Coffee was bland so I would skip that in the morning. I didn't try the baked goods, but they looked DELICIOUS! I am excited to try some next time I am in town.
If there was the option to give 6 stars, I would do it.  Chompie's is incredible.  I eat here all the time (it is close to my home), and I have NEVER had anything less than delicious food and awesome service.  If you are looking for top-notch deli food served by people that care, go to Chompie's!
I'm a regular here and I always come for breakfast.
Love, love, LOVE the atmosphere!! Love the set up! My first time here, referred by a friend, all I wanted was French toast and it was DELICIOUS!!!! The rest of the menu looked great, can't wait to try other items!

The staff was friendly but I didn't care too much for them I just wanted the French toast!
I don't eat here that often, but when i do, I am never disappointed.  Service is generally pretty good and the food portions are quite large.  My favorite there of course is the matzo ball soup.  It basically is a delicious tasting chicken noodle soup with a giant matzo ball (my favorite part). It also comes with a side of bagel chips to soak into your soup.  This most recent visit, I decided to order the Jewish slider combo meal which came with 2 Jewish sliders, matzo ball soup and cole slaw.  Though the cole slaw was sooooo good, the portion was a "sample size" which came in this tiny plastic sample size bowl - basically like those bowls you get at restaurants to put your ketchup in.  I was disappointed in the portion of that.  But the sliders were so good.  It was juicy, the bun was soft, the potato cakes were delish.  We also trek over to the bakery since my son gets a cupcake for good behavior - I do check in with foursquare because when you do, if you buy a bakery item you get a free specialty bagel.  Lets jump on board with that, Yelp!
You can't go wrong here,  whatever you order will be amazing! Everything is fresh and tastes like its straight from NY. The pancakes are delicious and huge, its my go to order.
I have only been to the deli and the service is amazing.  However, my favorite item from Jewish deli's is the Matzo Ball Soup.  The first time ordered it I was sure that they had run out of homemade Matzo Ball Soup and used Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup instead.  First I was surprised that there was Chicken pieces in there as that is NOT how my Bubie used to make it (nor my mom or aunts, nor any Jewish Deli in Chicago, etc...) then I tasted it and it tasted much more like Campbell's than any homemade or Jewish Deli-made Matzo Ball soup I have had.  

So I gave it a second chance and went there again yesterday.  I ordered the matzo ball soup, but it was even more disappointing than the first time.  I need to find a deli that makes the real MBS in the Phoenix area.
Tried the Jewish sliders and the corned beef sandwich with coleslaw and potato salad respectively.  The sliders were very delicious.  I would definitely recommend them.  3 came with the order and I took the 3rd home.  The corned beef sandwich was also pretty good, though I can't say I can tell one from being better or worse than another since its pretty much all salty meat.  Tasted about right..  I thought it was supposed to have 1000 island dressing on it though which I didn't taste.  

The salads were both sweeter than typical.  I didn't mind it though.  The potato salad was better I thought, more flavor.  Cole slaw tasted slightly watery.

I can't wait to try some of their baked goods.  They had some streusel sitting out for guests and I tried something with chocolate and another that tasted of cranberry-orange.  The cranberry-orange one was delicious.  I would have gotten some for home if I wasn't so full.
I'm very surprised at the average low rating this place gets.  I say "low" because this is the only place where I can get my Jewish soul food fix West of the Mississippi.  It's ironically not Kosher, yet the Jewish Sliders are sinfully amazing!  I can't get anything else except the Jewish Sliders.
Got together with Arlin B. for a first visit to this Chompie's today & went with their "SOUP!  SANDWICH!  & SLAW" Special that included Kreplach Soup, a BIG half Pastrami on Rye and a cup of Cole Slaw.

This big place was comfortable, our server Karen was friendly, & this was one delicious lunch!  It's $9.99 or a little more if you upgrade to a larger bowl of soup, as I like to do.  Uh oh, she forgot our pickles (-1 Star) but YUM!     :-))
The food is just eh, but it's fun to go here for some Jewish food. Everybody loves their sliders too!
Had breakfast here the other day. There aren't many places left where you can get a two egg breakfast, with potatoes, and a bagel, for $5.99.

The latke was delicious, and very well done!

The cheddar/jalapeo bagel was really delicious!

The other thing that I love is that you get plenty of cream cheese to go with your bagel.

This wasn't my first visit, and won't be my last.
Chompie's is not one of my favorite places... Food is OK, I mainly think is overpriced...  Their promotions don't look that good to me, always have a lot of restrictions, and every time I go there I miss the points in the loyalty program because they expect you to enter your phone number when you just got the check and most likely don't have a pen, and servers don't seem to pay much attention to it... so if I forget I miss out...

However we end up going here on occasion and  on Christmas day... I do not know about Jewish food so I am not rating how authentic it is.

We added a Potato Knish, which it was not like I remembered it... I kind of think they are usually 'shinier', but it was still good. (in fact I just went and checked the menu, and this was not 'golden brown')...I finally was adventurous and tried the small Matzo soup, I have never had it before and it turns out I liked it, I may have this again next time we go there.

I ordered the tongue sandwich, and I was very very disappointed. It was very wimpy and it was higher in the center so the edges looked all empty : ( At that point I was happy I ordered the whole one because if I had gotten just half it would have been ludicrous... so, what I mean is that maybe it would have been a good $8 sandwich, but for $14 or so that was really overpriced. Also, when we got the check it said:
'Tongue Sandwich, no cheese' and we were like 'whaaat? we could have gotten it with cheese?' not sure what was the deal about that...

Hubby had the baja chicken sandwich and we thought it was very good.

Our server was Joseph and he was nice and friendly. 
Service was not as prompt but I am OK with that because it was Christmas day and it was super busy.

Kudos to Joseph that got me a glass of water (with a slice of lemon) even though I had forgotten to ask for it. I am not sure if they do that all the time but I was  in fact thirsty so I am happy he did.

I had coffee and hubby had iced tea. We did not have dessert and lunch was over $40 for 2 people, before tip.
Wow.  What a find in AZ.  The meat knishes are amazing. One of the best delis in the US.  Better than the popular ones in New York by far.
if u get Tammy as a waitress, immediately ask for another server. We had to get our own coffee refills, go to the kithcen for more syrup, eggs came out ice cold and then became very argumentitive when we pointed out our displeasure.
I LOVE Chompie's !!!

As a Chicago Jew that now lives in So Cal, when ever I'm in Phx I go here for breakfast. If my wife would let me, I'd drive over just to eat here.

That's how good the food is.
We went to Chompie's for dinner last night...

I have been going to Chompies for many years, ever since they were just bagels and coffee down on 32nd St/Shea.  

I have noticed a decline in the quality of the meats over the last few years.  :(

I had a 1/2 hot Pastrami on rye w/ fries and a small bowl of chicken noodle soup.  The soup was as good as ever, flavorful and just the right temperature to enjoy it.  The fries were as good as ever.  The Pastrami?  Not so much.  The sandwich looked wonderful, and just "like it used to be"; but one bite told me everything I needed to know.  It was like chewing a mouthful of rubber bands!  Very fatty meat and very disappointing.

My wife had the Jewish Sliders w/ a cup of soup and cole slaw nosh.  Her sliders were very tasty(loved the mini challah rolls!).  She had a beef/mushroom soup that she said was excellent.

Junior had the kid's cheeseburger and fries.  It was at least a 1/4 pound and he was happy!  

The pickle "nosh" is still great, love the different varieties, but miss the green tomatoes.

Our server was Kelly S.  She was everything a good server should be; friendly, attentive and always handy w/ the drink refills.  We will ask for her section next time we go back.

Due to the dismal quality of the Pastrami; I can't give more than 3 stars.  Cut rate Pastrami in a Jewish deli just doesn't make it for me.  I may have to take a break from them for a while, or just go for breakfast or a nice big bowl of chicken noodle soup.
We are regulars here and we love it. The only place that has great sandwiches and bagels. We love our regular server Ashley, we usually sit at the bar area in the morning and she serves us, always remembers our order and is so nice and friendly. We not only come here for the food but to see her as well. Great service very happy with this place.
I have eaten breakfast here for at least once over the past year and never thought to review them. Let me just say that this place is awesome. I always say I'm going to try lunch but the breakfast is so good I can't move past it. The French omelet is really tasty. Yesterday I had the French Toast for the first time and I am sad that it took me so long to try it. It had a crunchy coating that makes it really comparable to funnel cake. The owners are consistently sweet and come around to thank you for dining with them. I love this place!
We stopped in here randomly for lunch the other day and having only been to the other Chompie's in Tempe, I was pleasantly surprised that this one seemed nicer on the inside. 

The hostess was really friendly and started out our interaction by saying 'how can I help you beautiful?'...That's worth four stars alone! :) We were seated promptly in a booth (my favorite) and our waiter came over really quick and took our drink order. He was really friendly and provided great service throughout our whole meal.

Since I've been watching carbs, I opted for one of their Colossal Reuben sandwiches, Frank's Fowl Ball, without the bun and skipped the extra coleslaw and fries and substituted a dinner salad with ranch. To my surprise, this has probably been one of the greatest lower carb dining out meals I've ever head. 

The house salad was GREAT. The best kind of thick ranch, similar to the recipe at Texas Roadhouse. It had great toppings and was a big portion. As for the bunless sandwich, the coleslaw was sweet but not overly sweet (I'm sure more sugar than I would have liked but it was TOTALLY worth it). It also had a huge pile of hot, sliced turkey breast covered in thousand island dressing and melted swiss cheese. UM. YUM. Just thinking about it again today makes me want to go back today for lunch. It was THAT good. It was a huge portion and it actually allowed me to stay full for 8 hours! I never even got hungry for dinner that night so it's like two meals for the price of one!

We did cruise the display case leaving and I tried one of their chocolate sugar free cookies. It was delicious! I have no idea how many carbs were in it but it was great. Had really good flavor and was very moist. A definite treat! If you're not on a diet, my fiance swears by their canoli's. They aren't even on my top 20 list of things I'd eat for dessert but they're his favorite so try them out if they're yours! 

Overall, this is a great place with great, fast, and friendly service and a drool worthy dessert display case that I look forward to trying out one day.
The menu is huge and there is something for everyone. They serve breakfast all day and the food is always great.
Love this place.  The service can be hit or miss, but the consistency of the food is outstanding.  If you are a soda drinker...they do have soda sitting in pitchers which causes it to go flat in my opinion, and I am not fond of the overuse of iceberg lettuce in their salads, but there are plenty of other options.  Matza ball soup...better than my grandmothers (shhhhh don't tell her I said that!!)  And the best way to end my meal is with one of their delicious rainbow cookies.  Thanks Chompies for being a restaurant I trust!
We visited for a sit-down brunch Saturday morning around 11ish, and it was busy, as expected. We only had to wait for 15 minutes, which wasn't bad. The place is very large, with plenty of seating, so that probably helped.

If they are going for a full and authentic New York City vibe, they nailed it. The service is what you would expect from a cheap 24-hour NYC diner. Our waitress was overwhelmed, and whenever she did finally get around to helping us and taking our order, it was as if we were inconveniencing her and we're not ordering fast enough. She didn't have the Brooklyn accent to go with the service, but the hostess's booming Brooklyn voice that you could hear throughout the building covered that area plenty.

The food was okay. No complaints, but nothing outstanding, either.
Well, hubby has a new favorite: Cajun Chicken Ecstasy sandwich, and he in fact agreed, it was ecstasy.

I am doing low carb so I didn't taste the sandwich, but next time I will have a piece of the chicken, cheese and green chile.

Also, if I was not doing low carb, I would have ordered the matzo soup, which I love since I dared to try it on December 2013.

Our server Olivia was very friendly and accommodating. I had ordered the chicken chopped liver... which I thought it was going to be chopped-liver, you know, like chopped onions are decent size pieces of onion, but it was more like a dip (it was a scoop, actually) and it was also kind of sweet. Olivia helped me swap it for real liver and onions, since she saw the disappointment in my face...
The portion was really big (I think I can have at least 2 meals, maybe 2.5 from it), and it came with 2 sides. I chose green salad (that I barely tasted) and broccoli, I think it said steamed broccoli. That I didn't like much because the broccoli was kind of mushy... but the liver was good.

Anyway, hubby absolutely loved the Cajun chicken sandwich, so we will probobaly be back soon enough.
Ate here for breakfast with my entire office.  Food was great, service was also great.  Deli had a wide variety.  I had the French toast, highly recommended!
I love this place!! Sorry this review is so late. We ate here in November and it was fantastic. Writing a review now because we were just talking about it that how memorable it was. Our service was great for our large party of 15 and the food was AMAZING!! get the Jewish sliders wow so good. My kids loved there character cupcakes. Love there deli as well. We will be back for sure next time we visit Arizona.
This place exemplifies the definition of insanity " doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. I went there for my usual sandwich Turkey Pastrami ( which to their defense is really good). Problem is their service is HORRIBLE. I waited 10 minutes to be noticed sitting at an empty counter. My waiter was rude and totally ignored my request for a side of pickles. He finally brought them as he handed me my check.  I'll probably go back again as they are the only Kosher style deli around. 
Next time I will try table service.
In the past I have had numerous similar issues of poor service. When I do get the attention of the manager the usual response is we know we have staffing issues. To their tribute the managers have been very polite but seem powerless
I eat at Chompies almost every weekend and I love it! The food is always fresh and delicious! The service is quick, efficient and friendly. I especially recommend Tammy, Phyllis, Mo, Shea or Ashley to serve you. You may even be lucky enough to meet the owner Lovey who greets each table when she's there. This place is a local favorite.
My favorite place for breakfast! Early mornings before I fly out if town, I can count on friendly and fast service (thank you Tammy) The food is delicious and always consistent.
Chompies has a great cure for what ails you. We go and split the corned beef hash skillet, add an egg, and an extra bagel....and when we are finished we are right as rain to move through another day.
What can you say about Chompie's - now, I have been to 3 locations, Tempe, PV and Scottsdale (which I will review).  Okay, I do love Chompie's - I have always looked at their desserts; but have never partaken of them; because I am always so full.  The service is fast and efficient; and if you are a regular, very friendly.  It does look like the staff has worked their for years. The waits are long!!! But, once seated the service is extremely fast!
Just give me a sesame bialy (I have to settle for an everything bialy).
Chompies, I wanted to love you, but you missed the mark. I grew up surrounded by Jewish delis, and had been sincerely missing that being in Arizona. They have classic Jewish favorites and the matzo ball soup, and bagels were hits for our group. However, the quality of food and the service were not consistent throughout the meal. We had to ask multiple times for the complimentary pickles to be delivered to the table, and they arrived as we were finishing out meal. The dish I ordered, someone in the kitchen decided to add bacon to, which very much upset this vegetarian. I was offered another meal, but when I didn't particularly trust anything coming from the kitchen at that point. The meal was comped, which was appreciated, but it didn't change the fact that I was extremely let down by a meal that I was looking forward to. At this point, I have no desire to visit Chompies in the future.
So glad that I discovered this Chompie's location. The three I've been to have been great but this was the best location yet. My family of four was treated like we were apart of the owner's family. The service is so kind and attentive from the moment you walk in. We live in a mobile phone age where people are ignored. No one likes to converse any more. Thank God for the people at this Chompie's that engage you and make sure you're needs are met. I found this so refreshing. Hostess Beatrix was so nice and professional. I will drive the extra 15 minutes just to be treated so nicely by her and the rest of the staff. Our server was Hillary and she was spot on. She got our drink and food orders quickly and came back to check on us after food arrived. So nice to get an ice tea refill without having to ask.  At one point a manager or owner came by our booth and told us how happy she was to have us and hoped we had a nice meal.  Again, it made us felt like family. 

I got the Grandpa's Ruben with corned beef (I hear c.beef is better for you). It was awesome. Piled high but not grossly high. Great fries and slaw too. I recommend trying the onion strings. We didn't have room for dessert but enjoyed looking at the pastries in the bakery section. 

The food was great but it's service you will remember. I will be back and hope this staff stays in place. Good job Chompie's.
What Happens When New York ... Meets Arizona?? You Get Chompies!



Chompies  has the old New York style ambiance and the food to match. The portions are large, really large, these portions are big enough for two. So bring a big appetite.  Chompies serves all the authentic deli sandwiches, soups, salads, bagels, breads and desserts.


I've  been to Chompie's several times and have never been disappointed. Service has always been very attentive and the sandwiches are incredible. The  Pastrami and Corned Beef are perfectly lean, piled high,and oh so tender. If you make it to Chompies you have to try the Original  Jewish sliders.  These sliders are incredible. Moist lean brisket, piled high on challah roll, a mini potato pancake on the bottom,  with jack cheese, served with a side of hot brown dipping  gravy. This slider couldn't be any better.


The soups are wonderful, especially the matzo ball. The pastry counter is endless, you have to try the black and white cookie

Chompie's is a must for breakfast or lunch if your in the area!
I should have written this review a long time ago. Something changed with Chompies a while ago and it's not a good one. I have been coming here ever since they were at 32st and Greenway. They used to have the best pastrami sandwich out there. They also used to have fantastic baked goods. Now, there pastrami is sub standard. It's fatty, it's chewy, it's flavorless and it's about half the size it used to be. This has been at least 8 times in a town now. $14 for a small, very poor quality pastrami sandwich is inexcusable. 
   I had lunch here yesterday and I was so disappointed that I ended up at Jimmy Johns later that night and they put the crap Chompies served me to shame. That's pretty bad to have a chain sub shop have a better quality sandwich then a so-called New York style deli that's been in business for years. 
    Sadly, there baked goods have gone through the same extreme drop in quality as there food. I always end up getting a black and white cookie to go after my meal. These are my favorite cookies. I'm from New York and my parents and I have been eating these for about 40 years. Chompies B/W's used to be nice and soft and had a great frosting. Now, they are hard and dried out with no flavor. 
     I'm sorry guys, but your food has gone all the way down hill. Your obviously skimping on everything now. Which of course means I will not be eating at Chompies every again. I really hate it when owners ruin a good thing.
Outstanding in every way. Great service even during the lunch rush. Baja burger was HUGE.
I didnt know that Chompies was a Jewish deli when we decided to eat there, but honestly it was love at first kinsh! For a person who wasn't accustomed to the heritage's delicious treats there was a large variety for me to pick through so I didn't feel forced into only a few potatoe-based options! Their bakery was so good that I got out of my car as soon as I sat down to go back in and bring home more pastries(love the gluten free options)! Their staff is extremely helpful, they've made a regular out of me and my family.
Rude unhelpful woman who seats people. I questioned whether to not even bother, but I had a hungry family so I went and got husband & kids from the car and came back to give her a 2nd try at seating us politely! She failed......we left!!! 
Rude ~ Rude ~ Rude!!!!!! 
The place was empty so there was no excuse to be so rude & unaccommodating! No desire to go back if that's how the staff treat their patrons!
I had a less than mediocre experience at the location on Shea Blvd. in Scottsdale. I posted my review on Yelp, and the marketing director actually contacted me, so we tried the Paradise Valley (Mall) location, and what a difference! My Wife actually timed our server, and within 5 minutes, our order was delivered with a smile! I had the brisket, and she had the Jewish sliders. Absolutely delicious! Excellent service, fantastic food, and great experience overall... That, and on one of their busiest days I imagine; Father's Day. We'll be back.
We tried Chompie's the last time we visited Phoenix and fell in love. So much, in fact, we went twice during our short stay--once for dinner, once for breakfast. For dinner, I ordered Glen's Braised BBQ Brisket, which was amazing--perfectly tender with a yummy slightly sweet, slightly spicy barbecue sauce. For breakfast, I tried the Chompie's Benedict with a latke. The latke was so crispy; one of the best I ever had. The Benedict itself was HUGE, the eggs nice and runny, and the ham thick and delicious.  Their mixed drinks are also great: affordable and strong. We were extremely happy with the service too. When one of us ordered the Chicken in the Pot to go for dinner, the server provided us with extra containers to put the soup in, just in case we didn't have a bowl in our hotel room. The server for breakfast was also very friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back next time we're in the Phoenix area!
Ive ben eating at Chompies since 92' when it was at the old location on Greenway. They have the best bagels & cream cheese anywhere. I miss the bagel sampler & the fresh fruit crepes off the menu but i love this place & always will, its my go spot. huge sandwiches, delicious pastries, my brother loves the matzo ball soup. Its my comfort food. The full sour pickles they give on the tables are my true addiction. been mission ghtem, which i knew where to buy them. 
love u chompies, always.
I am a "Yelper" bad and good and this one is good.  We went to breakfast last Sunday with a group of 7 of us. This time we were lucky enough to get a gal named "Mo". She was funny and attentive. (Not like that Donald server guy that is the complete opposite..OMG ! :-(   ).  Anyway... she made sure the 7 of us had enough coffee, water, our food came out perfect and she was there if anyone needed anything. I called the manager over and told her how wonderful Mo was to us and that we'd be back. Thanks to Mo for making our breakfast a fun and delicious one :-) !
We chose toasted blueberry bagels with cream cheese.  The bagels were okay though I would be surprised if anyone from NY would have been pleased.
Brooklyn Bagels is a all around good alternative to Einstein if your not fortunate enough to have one close by.  The stores are usual smaller than most Einstein's and offer a lot less selection wise.  The bagels are good not great but then again it's hard for someone from the East coast to really enjoy a bagel or a donut out west.
I needed a Starbucks boost before work, and spotted Brooklyn Bagel Deli in the same shopping center. Since my tummy was a little rumbly, and my coffee stop was potentially going to make me a few minutes late for work, I decided to get a dozen bagels for my co-workers. 

A dozen assorted bagels and a thing of plain cream cheese set me back around $13.  I asked if they could be sliced, one employee said they could but apparently did not relay the information to the employee that actually bagged my bagels as they were not sliced. 

The bagels themselves were fine other then the lack of slicing. Not exceptional though. I will probably go to an Einstein's next time instead of back here...
The bagels are good, but I take them home and cream cheese them myself. They always seemed a little short staffed on Saturdays and I get a little nervous as just because you have gloves on does not mean it is sanitary to hold frozen sausage and then reach in the bagel bins for someone else..that type of thing could be improved, but they bagels are always fresh..
The bagels here are overpriced and mediocre.  But, it's in the neighborhood so we stop by occasionally due to proximity.  The bagels are essentially round bread instead of bagels.  

They do seem to provide some community activities.  A large banner outside advertises chess for kids every Friday evening.  So, I appreciate that.  

Brooklyn Bagel Deli is there when you want bagels and aren't too finicky about the quality.  It's along the lines of Big Apple Bagels and other equivalent pseudo-bagel joints.  But, my experiences have been that staff is friendly and well, it's better than nothing when the lazy-weekend bagel craving hits.
It's hard to find a great bagel in the desert.  But maybe that's appropriate for a sparse water climate since one step in the bagel-making process is soaking the dough in boiling water.  So us desert-dwellers are left with a variety of corporate chain bakeries serving up bagels that are . . . well, good enough. 

Once you accept that you can't always get what you want, Brooklyn Bagels is . . . well, good enough.  They offer a well-stocked selection of bagels (plain, everything, asiago, chocolate chip, etc.) and a wide-selection of cream cheese flavors (plain, fat free, honey, jalapeno, etc.).  It's hard to insult a well-stocked place.

But Brooklyn Bagels only gets two stars because it is so over-priced.  A simple bagel and cream cheese costs $3.  Seriously.  3 bucks.  And at the risk of becoming the old grumpy man of Yelp, talking about how much it cost way back when, $3 is at least $1 too much for a bagel and cream cheese.  Seriously, it's a simple, non-complicated baked treat ($2.04 at Dunkin Donuts).  

But if you're looking for a quick over the counter breakfast place, you could definitely find worse.  They also offer a variety of egg dishes, breakfast wrap sandwiches and pancakes.  That's a nice touch.
Good food and good atmosphere. Great place to stop by for a breakfast or lunch sandwich!
I love me some bagels & cream cheese and when I want to satisfy my cravings I head to Brooklyn Bagel Deli. 

I'm a plain jane kind of girl so I normally stick to my "usual"... plain bagel, toasted with plain cream cheese and a Dr. Pepper. It never disappoints. You can see the employees making the bagels fresh, right in front of your eyes early in the mornings. The cream cheese is so rich and creamy, it's unlike any other bagel joint around town, they are cheaper than Einstein Bagels and the staff are always courteous and helpful.

If bagels aren't your cup of tea...don't give Brooklyn Bagel the cold shoulder! Try their breakfast spinach wraps, a full stack of flap jacks, their awesome lunchtime sandwich combos or grab a cup of joe!
this is a definite "meh" for me.  Stopped for a breakfast bagel sandwich for me and a pastrami bagel sandwich for him.  My bagel came topped with a single fried egg and a very thin piece of ham, plus a slice of cheese.  It was very meh - not much flavor and really not filling!  The pastrami bagel sandwich was better, but had a funky sauce of some sort.  Pastrami sandwich came with chips, but would've preferred the sandwich to be cheaper instead since I didn't want the chips.
Im a breakfast sandwich kinda guy and this is BY FAR the worst place in Vegas to get a bagel sandwich or anything for that matter. Not sure how or why but the whole 3 person staff are all extremely rude. Im greeted with "What do you want"! Been there 3 times because its right by my house & every time Ive gone they have been rude and messed up my order. EVERY TIME! I'll never go there again. I would walk 5 miles to another bagel place before I would drive up the street to this place. Cant wait till they close it and replace it with an einstein or anything better.
Best Breakfasts, Best Bagels, Best Sandwiches & now.. BEST BURGERS!!!
I'm from New York and I don't understand the bad reviews of Brooklyn Bagel Deli. I work for a payroll company and we have an office across the street. The last time I visited this office I had breakfast and sometimes lunch at this place and I loved it. The bagels, cream cheese and even the coffee was awesome so I guess I don't understand why people give it bad reviews unless you were born and raised in Nevada and have never had a good bagel. It was the only decent place for breakfast on that entire street and I ate their every morning for 5 days. To anyone that knows a good bagel and is visiting the many businesses in this area from out of town, I say go for it.
I love this place! I can count on good food, fast service and a courteous staff. Their wraps are incredible and my wife is a huge fan of their egg bagels and coffee. Apparently the new ownership has really turned things around. Kudos!
I go to this place approx 3x a week and never experienced bad service. True, a small staff but they've always been friendly and helpful. I love the food and I will continue going to Brooklyn Bagel. As I read the negative comments, it makes me giggle because I experience the opposite...every time! Love this place!
My husband and I stopped by for lunch.  I find the other reviews odd because we had a wonderful lunch.  The staff was friendly as well. I loved my sandwhich and my husband, who is someone pickier, loved his as well.  We also got a HUGE donut to take home for the kids & they loved it!!  The donut was like 7 inches big!  I would definitely go back to this place again, without a doubt.
I have been going to this deli for the last 4 years and let me tell you, its probably my favorite place to go for breakfast.  The food is always delicious, and I feel the staff is very friendly.  It always a good start to your day when you come in, and the staff already knows what you want.  Everyone is super friendly, and will also get to know you.  Overall, a wonderful place to eat.  I highly recommend!
Always quick. Always remembered when im around the neighborhood.
Always mess up my order! I don't know why they can't write it down so they get the order correct every time. This was my last bad experience I will be having there.
Terrible service, no gloves worn handeling food after touching money, the AC was not working and it was 100 degrees outside!  After managment was told about the unsanitary food handling they didn't even say we are sorry or offer and compensation.  They were angry we said we wanted differnt food.  I would now recommend this store to ANYONE!!
Yum! I stopped by for lunch and am not normally a bagel sandwich person (not a good bread:filling ratio) but I was pleasantly surprised by this sandwich today. I got there kind of late in the day so they were out of a few varieties of bagels, but the Everything bagel for my sandwich was just right. They also have fresh cream cheeses that I will be checking out in the future. 

The service was really friendly, but the woman ahead of me ordered her bagel to go and I ordered mine to stay, and the woman flipped the two around. Not a big deal, but still a slight error. 

Definitely will be back, particularly to try the breakfast offerings or just a plain bagel!
Constantly messing up orders becuase they refuse to write them down,the bacon is disgusting all fat and pathetic portions,ect ect. I put up with all this every once in a while becuase i wanted a bagel obviously, but this morning I went in and ordered 3 things and they made every single thing wrong and the chicken on one item was rancid and unedible. Do urself a favor and avoid dissapointment or food poisoning and go somewhere else. Management issues much? Disgraceful period!
We decided to have one of our many recruiters meetings here.  Too bad it was the same day as the big storm that hit Vegas.  

One thing I liked about this place was that there was ample seating.  Whether a booth or table, they had it and available.  I love the selection of bagels they have.  Any kind of flavor you can think out.  This day, I decided to get the breakfast wrap instead of a bagel as I'm trying to watch my figure LOL.  I chose to have bacon in there and the wrap was a spinach wrap.  

The coffee was not that good.  We were originally supposed to go to Starbucks but it was so busy, we settled for BBD.  Since I was hoping for Starbucks coffee, I think having the BBD coffee was a little let down.  The wrap though, was a completely different story.  It was packed with egg, cheese and bacon.  I seriously didn't want this experience to end.  The cheese was oozing out and the best part, it was a light meal overall!

One thing I was worried about though, was the front door.  Looked like there was a lot of leaks going on and the water was coming in the restaurant.  I would definitely say to check the roof with the property management or the next time we have a storm come through, this location will definitely be under water!
I frequent this place often, it makes decent bagels but I've eaten NYC Hot Bagels in brooklyn and this doesn't even compare.

But its an ok bagel place for sin city
The tables are always filthy and sometimes the staff seem like they can't be bothered to deal with you, but the bagels are pretty tasty and they definitely soothe my bagel jones when I'm having cravings.
Good quality food and great help for the business guy on the go.  Phone order for 2 dozen bagels, in and out, no stress.  They always come through.
For a chain this is a great place, the owner Paula is always behind the counter, she truly cares about what her customers want. I would definitely recommend checking out this place.
I love this place!  I have been a customer for almost eight years.  The bagels are
the real deal; that is, they have the chewy crust, like real NYC bagels.

They are tasty, yummy, and never heavy.  All of the sandwiches and other treats
are equally delicious.  The staff is fantastic.  Warm, personable, attentive, and
very speedy.

It feels like a second home, except the food is really awesome, unlike what I make
at home - LOL
For a "bagel" shop, their bagels are pretty bland and rock hard. My favorite bagel is cinnamon raisin w/ strawberry shmear... Well, they failed this combo with a half toasted, unfresh bagel, with a poorly executed shmear spread that doesn't taste like strawberry at all... decided to additionally try a Blueberry shmear... and it tasted like cough medicine.

I'll never come here again.
This is my Go-To place for breakfast.
Tasty bagels and they are quick.
I usually get the lox sandwich bagel... the lox has good flavor... not fishy and just the right amount of smoky-ness.
The husband usually gets the Original on Everything.... eggs, sausage and cheese all on a fantastic bagel.
Their bagels are not dough-y but are big and filling.
So we don't come here very often but when we do I'm in the mood for a dang bagel! Most of the time they have blueberry which is my goto flavor but sometimes not... and the killer is it's not like I'm showing up at 11am when you should expect some of the stuff to be gone or still baking. The bagel-wiches are pretty good and the service is friendly but the bagels are not the biggest or the best.
This is really a 2.5 star review, but not 3.  I went around 8 AM on a Thursday.  So, prime time for people on their way to work.  It was pretty crowded, and they only had 2 employees working.  As a result, orders took awhile.  I don't blame the guys working, they were doing the best they could.  But, the management should make sure they have help at peak times.

I had the spicy bagel, I can't recall it's name.  I think it's the Tijuana.  But, the cream cheese was not as spicy as advertised, nor was the jalapeno cheddar bagel.  Also, it was not toasted, which I did ask for.  But, I chalk this up to how busy the crew was.

I had the breakfast potatoes, which were done with diced onions and no discernible seasoning.  They required a LOT of salt, pepper, and hot sauce to give them flavor.  Also, a few of the potatoes were not completely cooked, and crunchy when bitten.  I think this dish has potential, but execution was way off.

All in all, I would probably return if I'm in the area, but I won't make a special trip.  I would like to try lunch, so I imagine we'll do that at some point.
3.5 stars

I wasn't in the mood for a full breakfast at The Cracked Egg so going across the way for an egg sandwich made perfect sense. I'd been meaning to check out this bagel store.  But I was hoping for one of those authentic Brooklyn Bagel places - those great big delicious bagels NY is known for, good prices, quick service.  This place only sort of delivered.  

The service was quick but not necessarily friendly.  I'm a morning person and breakfast makes me happy.  C'mon lady.  How about a smile?  The woman at the counter didn't crack one once.  

The prices weren't bad but they weren't Brooklyn bagel store prices.  There are a lot of things NY is known to be expensive for... but luckily bagels aren't one of them.  There isn't a cheaper or simpler, more satisfying meal for your money than something involving a bagel in NY.  Paid almost 5 bucks for an egg and cheese on a bagel here, which isn't the worst I've paid in this region.  But that leads me to authenticity...

The bagels are kind of small.  Those Wise NY deli chips and the black and whites kind of remind me of back home.  And the place doesn't feel as "chain-y" as Einstein.  I like the dining room.  It's clean and spacious.  There are nice tables outside.  

It was a nice little breakfast and I'd go back if I'm in the mood for a bagel.  I just wish it reminded me more of the real deal.
Upgrading Brooklyn to a 5-star rating! As you can see by my 150+ check-in's I seriously heart this bagel shop. I consistently receive outstanding customer service. Everyone is always smiling and they take the time to ask how my day is going. Right as I walk in (and it doesn't matter who is behind the counter) they'll get my order started in a jiffy; I don't even have to say a peep. This for me is huge because I am always stopping here on my way into work and I'm in a hurry.

The restaurant is always clean, they have TVs hanging on the wall for you to watch the news in the morning, they sell newspapers if reading is your thing and they have large, comfy booths for you to sit in. Their cream cheese to-go is hand packed (which they have a large selection of flavors - think salmon, strawberry, cheddar bacon, veggie & more) and they have a very large selection of beverages & snacks. My daughter loves picking up a Belly Washer and a Go-Gurt to go with her chocolate chip bagel :)

They have a Monday Madness special running right now - buy 6 bagels and get 3 free. You can't beat that! 

If you are currently frequenting other bagel shops, I challenge you to try Brooklyn, just one time. I did many years ago and now I'm hooked!
This place is very "meh". I was expecting more; if you have a place you go to already for bagels, stick with that. The bagels were just alright, and they put a crap load of cream cheese on them. It was really busy when I went it, so maybe that explains why my bagel was not warm when it was supposed to be "toasted"
I love this place! Been coming here for years and the food is great, my order was never messed up, and the staff is amazing! So welcoming and nice! My family and I love this Brooklyn bagel.
Found myself here with my husband and two other friends one Sunday morning when it was my "job" to pick the breakfast place.  I sort of randomly picked this place (I didn't even know it existed) by saying, "Oh, let's see, turn here, turn here."  It was a great choice!

I had the Philly Cheesesteak on a plain bagel (yes, after agonizing over the dozen or so bagel choices I ended up choosing plain - omg).  But it was delicious - the bagel was just the right amount of chewy without getting that 'exhausted jaw' halfway through. There was just enough meat and egg and cheese and onions to be satisfying.  If you're looking for a giant bagel sandwich with fixins worthy of a heart attack, go somewhere else.

My husband had the French toast which looked amazing and got a thumbs up and his agreement to come back with me again (his version of a 4 star rating).  

Another friend had an omelet (I can't remember which one now) but it was an egg white only and looked very fluffy and fresh with a decent amount of "stuff" in it.  He liked it, but wished he had ordered it with whole eggs.  

The service was good although there wasn't an abundance of smiles behind the counter but it was relatively quick for how busy they were.  I liked that there were many, many choices of beverages and little snacks.  We'll be back for sure!
Got bagels here for an office meeting a few months ago and was impressed.  Unforunately, it took me about three months to get back to this place.  And again, it was great.  Friendly, warm customer service.  The bagels are not too chewy, and even have a little crunch to them.

The amount of salt they use in the dough is perfect.  It's slightly salty if you eat it plain, which I love salt so I'm not complaining, but that extra salt really balances when you add cream cheese.

They have a good selection of bagels, and of cream cheeses as well.

Definitely going back.
Fantastic food and service. The employees are so friendly and had my order memorized after one visit there (we have a family of 8 and our orders are not easy to remember). Fantastic breakfasts including omelets and pancakes as well as many other lunch and breakfast options. Love this place!!!!
We buy bagels for our sales meetings twice monthly here. Jordan, who knows good food, says they are the best. I'm beginning to agree the bagels and cream cheese are better than Einstein's Bagels - and I didn't think that was possible. I just tried the Cheddar Bagel with Cheddar Bacon Cream Cheese. OMG. And the Vegetable Cream Cheese has nice chunks of vegetables. LOVE this place.
Love this Brooklyn Bagel. Super friendly staff consistently. The food is always fantastic!
I have only had the bagels here but they are real good.  They definitely have a distinct taste that sets them apart from other bagel places.  To me these bagels taste a bit saltier then some other chain places which I enjoy.  It may just be in my head though lol.  The bagels run larger then most bagel shops.  The prices are excellent.  I need to eventually try some of their other breakfast options they look amazing.
Asked the woman what a kaiser roll was and she looked at me and said, "Bread." Really? Good food, no-go on the customer service.
I couldn't help thinking that Brooklyn Bagel Deli was Einstein's long-lost cousin.  The menus are similar (although Brooklyn's is much smaller) and the interior design appeared to be a knockoff as well.  I enjoyed my sandwich very much but wasn't impressed by the crumbs on the tables or the dirty floor.  Hubby liked his bagel a lot, but was also less-than-enthusiastic about the subpar level of cleanliness.  I don't want to sound too harsh, but I do feel that eateries should be clean!
Love, love, love this place. Unfortunately I moved out of the neighborhood, so my visits are less frequent, but when I want a delicious bagel sandwich, this is the place I go!! Friendly customer service all the time, great atmosphere, awesome food, reasonably priced. You can't go wrong here!
The food is always pretty good, but for some reason the employees are off quite a bit....I sat on hold for 15 minutes this morning, as well as tried calling 3 times from my second line to place a Togo order @7 am this would not have been a b ig deal except that when I arrived the was no one in line....The employees had simply answered the phone, asked me to hold and forgot about me....when I arrived I had to inform the employees the phone was off the hook, which they had completely forgot about...This is just inexcusable incompetence considering the time of day and the rush most are in to go to work! As well as discovering at home they messed up my order!
5 star customer service? No way! I'm sorry it takes me a couple minutes to look over your menu, but there is no one else in the restaurant... so am I really that much of a hindrance? I still tipped you, and you really want to give me that much of an attitude bagel man? Not even a "have a nice day." Your sandwiches aren't even that good.
Stopped in for the first time as i was in this shopping center. Bring from NYC I know bagels. Had a everything bagel and lox. 5 star food. What I did not like was the deferred maintenance on some of the chairs. just covered with duct tape. looks very run down in those areas. but I definitely would return
Good lox and bagels, dirty dinning room and staff that needs a little more pep in their step. All in all if you have 20 minutes to kill and you don't mind sitting outside then I would recommend the traditonal.
We have been there twice and the food has been pretty good both times. Each time we have to tell them to put on gloves. Last time we went, we watched them use dirty hands to get bagels for the two customers ahead of us. Come on guys, use tongs to get bagels from the display- not dirty hands. We have never seen them wash their hands and consistently go between cash handling and food prep.  Dining room is fairly dirty and they never seem very happy about wearing gloves. Making excuses etc.

We would come much more frequently if they had attention to cleanliness and food safety.
Stopped by for the first time and ordered the lox bagel sandwich. It was good although they were a bit skimpy on the lox...come on man! I was surprised they offered pancakes and omelettes so I most likely come back to try those out.
The wife and I go here for three reasons

1- They open early
2- It is near by
3- Sometimes you just don't want food from Starbucks

With that being said, they get only three stars because they are just so inconsistent. Sometimes the order is spot on and the food taste delicious. The other times not a single thing is correct. If there were other options open before 8 we would probably be picking up from there. Being from NY, I really root for this place, but sometimes they just let me down.
I love me a bagel with cream cheese. I've passed this place for years and when my husband started a job close to Brooklyn Bagel I had the perfect excuse to stop in.

They have so many kinds of bagels. I was surprised to find low carb bagels too! They are very tasty you can't even tell the difference. I've tried their cheddar cheese bagel as well and WOW! It's so delicious! You can really taste the cheese in it. I also have become completely addicted to their homemade scallion cream cheese. It has chucks of garlic and scallions all through the double whipped cream cheese. I've also enjoyed their lox bagel. It comes piled high with smoked salmon, red onion and tomatoes. It comes with a side of your choice. Just a tip... If you hate miracle whip like I do stay away from the macorni salad.

Overall if you dig bagels and cream cheese and are in this area this is the place to stop!!
Best bagels I've had in a long time, although I came at lunch and ordered 2 bagel sandwiches and it was $15! I can spend less and get more at other sandwich places...which was my only reason for giving 4 stars.
Good lunch. Supreme Sandwich or a Bowl of Chili are always rocken!! Breakfast on the other hand go with the Croissant Sandwich.
OK. So I've only had a toasted everything bagel with cream cheese. I'm not a New Yorker. I'm not a bagel expert. I know the yelp debate on this culinary disc can get more heated than a black leather seat in Phoenix in July. But each time, it's perfect. Cream cheese is spread evenly on the bagel. Bagel is cut in half and wrapped in white paper. I hate the places that serve you cream cheese in a little squeeze packet. UGH! I never get all the cream cheese out and end up cutting it open and licking it out. Like the lady in the commercial squeezing ketchup packets at home into her ketchup bottle to save money.

The gentleman behind the counter is friendly and remembers my name even when I don't. The menu has pastries, hot breakfast and hot lunches. You can also grab fruit, yogurt and Snapple. There's plenty of reading material and the decor is simple yet comfortable. 

It's tucked away at City Square Plaza (gee, thus the name)...next to the Light (De)Railed Cafe. Yep. It's 86'd. 

Thanks City Square Cafe...for allowing me to make a pit stop on my way to work. Those three blocks can be grueling in the summer and it's refreshing to cool down a bit before walking 200 yards to my job.
Always friendly and the food is really good.
5 stars for the value at this joint. 50 things under 7$ several under 5$. Breakfast here rules. If your on a budget this is the spot, and the food's good either way.
Great place to get a bite whether you are on your lunch time or just want to get some good food at a decent price!

I have been to this place since 2010 and have never been disappointed!  There are daily specials displayed on an outside board and the staff is very friendly.  Jim, the owner, is usually working at the joint and will flash a smile and chat you up a bit.  It is amazing to see an owner that is very involved and remembers just about every customers name that walks through the door.  

Personally, the breakfast burrito is my favorite and will leave you full!  Can't go wrong with this joint!
I was at a training session across the street and stopped in for lunch.  The owner was serving and it was great.
I had the club sandwich. The meat portion was very generous. And the side of cottage cheese had a bit of tang that was to my liking. The atmosphere was comfy and there's 2tvs with sports playing.
This place was a godsend (sorry to get all religious...just like the word).  Yeah, we were lost and had no idea where our hotel was.  We tramped all up and down Edinburgh (we had just arrived).  We stopped off at this coffee shop/restaurant to take a break and chill.  

Mainly wanted to use there FREE wifi.  But we ordered some yummy sweats, and I had an espresso--both were excellent.

The dining area was nice and stylish--a good place for a rest.

This is just what we needed (cuz I needed to take a chill pill from being grumpy).  We were able to get our bearings, and the employees here also squared us as to where we needed to go for our hotel.  Additionally, they also gave us directions to where to get an Edinburgh staple:  Fried Mars Bar (yeah baby, YEAH!).
a fine place for a light breakfast or to sit and relax with a cup of coffee.
We went in here on Saturday around 12 o'clock. Prime time for a sandwich shop, well you would think so anyway. 

They didn't have the salad bar set up (strike one, I wanted salad). So I decided on Coronation Chicken, strike two they didn't have any. The boyfriend's first choice of filling wasn't there either, strike three. Looking in the fridge there was very few fillings available so we went for what was there. The rolls were nice and big and for two it was under a fiver. 

But the fact that at midday on a Saturday afternoon they have very little choice on offer means I probably won't be back.
Came in looking for a Ham Salad roll and similar to Amy's experience, they were just plain out of greens. They did however manage to throw together something for me and it was really nice, very fresh.

Worry though about the salad situation, is there a famine and nobody told me?
I knew this place about a year or so ago but had been in recently. Well what a change under the new manager Cengiz.
The coffe was great and the snack that I bought with it was fresh and tasty.
I know the new manager had made changes but he has really stamped his own style on the place. Good food & clean surroundings etc.
Really tasty, really large bagels. Stopped in for lunch with two other people. We each got a cup of soup and a bagel. The spicy tomato soup did have nice heat and the egg bagel was rich and chewy, just like I hoped. While there is seating, it's not especially welcoming, save for two upholstered chairs. I'd stick to takeout.
i wanted so desperately to find a nearby deli that could finally satisfy my need for delicious pastrami and corned beef. alas, i am still on the hunt.  

the williamsburg looked like the perfect first meal, and with a shortage of rye bread, we had an inauspicious start.  perhaps it wasnt wise to eat lunch after 1pm, but the deli was still technically open for two more hours, so i dont think it was unreasonable to want an authentic sammich. fine, put it on white.

unwrapping my sodden pastrami, i could already tell i wouldnt finish it. greasy and fatty pastrami is not delicious, no matter what anyone says--tossed in is some undersalted coleslaw and half of a kosher pickle. overall, i might try it again earlier in the day (and then, just to try the bagels) but otherwise, fuggedabouit.
I've lived on the West Coast for many dozen years and love it. There are a few things, though, that Easterners always complain about. The lack of decent bagels and the horrors that are passed off as pizza.

Having moved to Madison I was, therefore, optimistic about the chances of finding a decent bagel. And I have. More than decent. I tried Bagels Forever (OK) but these are real big, chewy NY bagels Yay!!!!

Now where can I find a decent Boston-style anchovy pizza??
Best bagels in Madison by a long shot.  While their price per bagel is reasonable, having one with cream cheese can ratchet up the price somewhat.  You gotta try their oven roasted turkey...you can buy it by the pound (as well as their cream cheese flavors) and assemble at home.
I really wish I could get good bagels in this town but really I feel like Einstein continues to be best for the price. Bagels forever is ok too. I live right around the corner from here and as a bagel addict I thought I had hit the jackpot but no dice. Rather, these bagels are a little too dense for me so they're chewy but don't have the right fluff. Also, this makes toasting them result it a stone-like circular object. They are decently seasoned. 

Where it goes downhill is the price/lox cream cheese. Their lox cream cheese is basically this pinkish brown tasteless muck. It adds nothing which is sad because I love lox cream cheese when I don't feel like shelling out a ton of money for the real deal. So my favorite bagel in the world (Poppyseed with lox spread, onions, and capers) does not hit the spot at all. Instead, I find myself having trouble finishing it. 

None of the other things I have tried have been better than a 3 and they're all at least 9 dollars. The salads look good but I have yet to try them because I only go when I have a bagel craving. I also had this meat and barley soup one time and it was the fattiest soup I have ever had in my life. Blech.

I'm going to go again and hope for the best by just ordering plain cream cheese and maybe something in the glass showcase but it pisses me off I can't even go to a bagel place and be satisfied with what I would actually want. 

Also, I realize bagel chips are a good way to deal with old bagels but who the hell gives bagel chips as a side with a bagel??
Absolute best bagel place in Madison. My favorite is the eggplant Parmesan special. Just heavenly. Other favorite are the lox and bagel and the long guy land. Bagel chips are a plus!! Miss this when I think back to living in Madison
I'm pretty sure Gotham Bagels is the best bagel cafe in the area. 

Their signature bagel sandwiches are mouthwatering. I only wished they had more options. I love the Spanish Harlem with the pork shoulder. Absolutely delicious. Their bagels are always fresh and the meats they have available are great for building your own bagel. What's clutch at Gotham Bagels is the variety of spreads they offer. If you're not in the mood for meat bagels, spreads are always a great alternative. Ordering in bulk is also pretty reasonably priced here. 

Beware. There is this one girl (I'm not sure if she still works there) that always seems to be sassy and cranky...
As one of those annoying "New York transplants" who somehow ended up far, far from my ancestral homeland, I always find myself nursing a serious jones for two things more than anything else: a halfway-f*ckn' decent slice of pizza (for the love of God, how hard is it!?), and bagels. Luckily, Gotham Bagels was there to satiate my every bagel craving. The bagels are pretty legit. The signature sandwiches are excellent and thoughtfully prepared; I recommend the salmon-centered "Brighton Beach," although the pastrami is excellent as well. Great coffee as well. The owner is a native New Yorker and a colorful, charismatic guy who's always joking around with the customers. Great place; definitely a staple of my Madtown experience, and a place I'll return to when I'm in town.
Gotham bagels, in my opinion, has some of the best bagels in Madison. However, they are pricey, to the point that I think they are overpriced for what it is...a BAGEL. Their breakfast sandwiches are really good. I have never tried their cream cheese because I'm not a fan, so I can' t comment on that. I always call ahead because it can take longer than I am willing to wait if you just walk in and order.
This place is open till 3 and I barely made it in time the other day. I was hungry for some lunch and tried their roasted Veggie wrap. They sell Boar's Head by the pound here for all you meat lovers out there. While the inside of the wrap was a good veggie assortment it did not taste roasted and the tortilla did not seem to be cooked either. It got super doughy half way through, it was however a ginormous wrap that was piping hot for well over 20 minutes later. Next time I will come earlier in the day maybe that will be better I still want to try everything else here it was clean and about $6 for the wrap, chips, and a fountain drink. They also had coffee and a large assortment of tea bags along with a cooler chalk full of red bulls and Pepsi type products. Bagels & Lox I am so there again!
ok so i am known to have my order messed up. i swear anytime i order take out its my order out of everybody else's that gets screwed up, but normally i can just call and have it taken care of. all except for last saturday when the whole salon ordered from new york bagel. heres how it went: the receptionist had everyone write their orders down and she called them in. my order: spinach bagel sandwhich with eggs and cheese.  so when the order got there mine was missing. of course! the receptionist called before i even got the chance and told them "hey we are missing an order" the lady at the bagel place assured her she wasnt and that it was in with the egg and bacon platter that was ordered. so when i went back to eat my much looked forward to yummy breakfast sandwhich all i found was a dry toasted spinach bagel, no egg or cheese to be found. the receptionist then told me she already called about it and that the lady had told her that was mine. this not ok. so i call her back. i told her that we had just called about a missing order and that we were still missing that order. she told me no it was there she had checked it. i said yes the bagel is but no egg or cheese. it was supposed to be a sandwhich. she said no it was just a bagel i said no. so on and so on. so i said ok fine then i need to get my money back she said "No you have a bagel there and a egg and cheese ( they had included a side of cream cheese)  put it on the bagel and eat it!" " are you serious that egg is someone elses food" with that i hung up i was so appalled in how poor the customer service was. i and the whole salon vow never to prder from there again!!!!!
These are some of the best bagels I've ever had and I'm a born and bred M.O.T., so trust me they are great.  Crusty on the outside, nice flavor and sweet and chewy on the inside.  They deli side is pretty good, only had breakfast sandwiches from them.

I get a dozen every few weeks and stick them in the fridge.  A little toasting and they return to their brilliance.  Hard to believe such good bagels exist in vapid NoPhx.  Thought the only stuff up there was giant corps and annoying hairstylists.

Side note:  The people who work there are not native English speakers, so when you whine to them over the phone about your order and complain, they might not totally understand you.  Oy.
Went over here for a late breakfast, and was totally surprised with how delicious my Lox sandwich was.

The bagel was chewy, with a great crust, and an incredible amount of garlic on the bagel. I could see how someone could get annoyed by the amount of garlic, but garlic is pretty awesome, so take that as you will.

The sandwich was an awesome mix of the classic lox. Capers, Red Onion, Cream Cheese, Tomato, and delicious smoked salmon. 

However, what really set this place apart was that they served the sandwich WARM, which I have never had before. Part of me wanted to think that it was odd, but my first bite made all of my concerns float away.

It turned the sandwich into an amazing mush of fish, capers, onion, cream cheese, and tomato, and at that point, I was sold. 

I'll be coming back, for sure.
I've been here once, because my hours are not quite "bakers hours".. but it was really really good. The service reminded me of being back home in my small town. Hubby had turkey on marble rye and I had a bagel sandwich. Both delicious. Service was fantastic. Don't live on this side of town anymore, but this is definitely a gem worth visiting.
Family owned business with some fantastic NY style bagels! They are the old time hand rolled, boiled then baked bagels. They are ALWAYS fresh and tasty. If you don't go you will be doing yourself an injustice....
Great place for breakfast lunch or a snack. 

Service 5 stars
Bagels 6 stars
Clean 5 stars
Price 5 stars

That is a 5.25

I get the hot pastrami on sesame seed bagel with swiss and thousand island dressing. The cheese is melted into the soft interior of the bagel while the hot pastrami and dressing combine to a wonderful flavor, topped by the chewy outer crust of the sesame studded bagel...  wheew  sorry

It comes with a drink and chips for $6.99.
Their bagels are the best around and they are super friendly, however be learly of their meat. I picked up a turkey sandwhich today and the meat was rancid.
I love hole in the wall places. This place was so hole in the wall we drove by it twice not realizing it was actually in the industrial park part. I was craving some bagle and lox and this place was closer than driving to Chompies at Paradise Valley Mall. Even though they were out of lox (apparently someone had walked in just after they opend and ordered 13) I did get the BLT on aseago with cream cheese. These are the best bagels I have ever eaten, Hands Down!. I look forward to going back for some lox!
I work around the corner and have been going here since they have been open.  I have had nearly every sandwich on the menu and every bagel they offer.  They use Boar's Head meat (best of the best) and make their bagels fresh throughout the day.  

I am originally from NJ and consider myself a bit of a bagel snob.  I have had no luck around town trying to find a decent bagel.  There is one near my house (back east bagel's) that won New Times best bagel and it is one of the worst I have had.  That shows how weak the bagel gene pool is in this town.  But, NY bagels has a very good bagel and a variety to choose from.  

I get a dozen bagels to bring home and freeze to have for bfast on my way in to work.  I am not going to claim they are equal to a NY/NJ bagel, but they are the best I have had in town. 

The staff and owners are very friendly as well.  There are very few other locally run places in the area, most are fast food franchises.  

I have been going here for quite a while, and will continue to based on the quality of food, their cleanliness, and their friendliness.
This place better every time I go there. I work just a few blocks away and have been on the hunt for smaller independent eateries. I ate here the first time and they were out of bagels so I got a sandwich on regular bread, which was alright, but I'm glad I gave it a second chance. The bagels are the best I've had, better than Chompies even. They use all boars head meats and other fresh ingredients. For lunch $7 (after tax!) buys you a sandwich, chips and a drink. 

Down side, polystyrene drink cups. Also the building makes it not overly obvious that it's a restaurant.
I've come to this place several times and it never once has disappointed me.  Yum!  Need a heart attack anytime soon anybody?  Yeah, bagel pastrami sandwiches can provide that quick if you keep eating one, but boy is it good.  I might just take one for the team and suffer a heart shutdown :)  However, this place charges a pretty penny for something that basic - granted I'm not saying I can re-create any of their sandwiches, but wow we're in a recession man!  This place is definitely proud of their NY background and it shows on the walls; plus their accent is undeniable - ya heear!  -- yeah not sure if that's from NY either haha!  Regardless, I would recommend this joint if any of you are close by and stop for some heart-stopping food :) - enjoy!
Had a hankering for a bagel today (which is pretty uncommon for me) and decided to head up with a couple of fellow workers to this place. Of COURSE the oven was busted and they didn't have any bagels, so I wound up ordering a lox sandwich on rye bread. For some reason they kept calling this a "nova", although I just googled "nova lox sandwich" and now know why, but I didn't at the time so I was squinting at the menu and confirming that I was actually getting an ELL OH ECKS sandwich. The sandwich was pretty good, but at over seven bucks it was a little pricey - any lunch at that price (including my favourite Fuji Apple Chicken salad at Paradise Bakery) places it into the "rare treat" category, especially when you can buy one whopper and get one free @ less than half the price from Burger King these days. And I'm guessing a whopper would be pretty on-par with the Nova sandwich, health-wise. AND I'd have gotten a better sandwich from Miracle Mile for roughly the same price. A-ny-way, good place, but bye bye one star for calling yourselves a bagel deli but not actually having any bagels on the one day of the year that I actually decide to visit. If I ever come back, you might regain the star (assuming your bagels are actually as good as others have observed).

Wonder what that accent is..?
This place is right across the street from my work. All the meat used here is Boars head.  The place looks really clean and smells delicious!  I asked the owner what his reccomendation was and he mentioned the Philly Cheese Steak. I really liked it. This place also has several breakfast bagels that look amazing.
I was craving breakfast, we were outta eggs, and I've heard some good things about this place, so here goes:

It's strange that a place this good is in such a weird area (I actually had to map it; it's almost a blink-and-you'll-miss-it kinda place). It's like their real estate agent played a trick on them or something. I'm forever grateful for amazing little spots like this living in the meth-y part of Deer Valley as I do. Having only been here on the weekend so far maybe I'm wrong, but it wasn't too busy and that's a shame since their product is so good.

These are some TASTY bagels! Crisp out the outside (especially crispy after toasting) and soft and chewy inside, really perfect all around. I ordered an Everything Bagel with egg and bacon and it really did me in, all lip-smackin' and teeth pickin'. I see that some other reviewers are fond of buying a dozen or so and stocking up their freezers, which is an excellent idea. I also ordered a coffee and it was FREE because it was before 11am and I was buying a sandwich. Awesome deal!

I would dish out 5 stars if they had a full-on barista instead of the Farmer Bros. pump action coffee, but hey, nobody's perfect.
I have been coming to this hidden gem for several years now. Ben and Elda (The owners) are the nicest people! I believe they are from the Ukraine.They remember your names, and are always pleasant. I love that the prices are very cheap, and especially since all their meats are Boar's Head! The bagels are delicious, however, you simply cannot mimic bagels from NYC unless you're "in" NYC. But, these bagels are far better than anything else around in Phoenix. Great place to go! HIGHLY recommend.
usually I'm a Hot Bagels girl, but i was studying up at deer valley area and had a hankering for a bagel sandwich.   It was very similar to Hot Bagels, except the bagel was 10 x better!   soft and chewy yet crispy on the outside.  I had a maple honey turkey on everything with all veggies and yellow mustard.  The lettuce was shredded and not very green, but the tomatoes were very juicy and fresh and the pickle was awesome. I liked that i got to pick my choice of potato chips too.  Definitely will be going back here and trying a egg bagel sandwich.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Great Bagels and smiling friendly people!
I went for my first time the other day. Had a Philly cheesesteak and it was delicious. Friendly and good service! a little pricey
Hands down, I just ate the best bagel I've ever tasted. I enjoy lox so much that I buy the Philadelphia cream cheese with salmon in it because it's the closest substitute I can afford on a regular basis.
I've had good lox in New Orleans, but I really haven't been thrilled with the bagels I've had here. That changed, however, upon my first visit to NY Bagels and Deli.
There was a constant flow of patrons, and the wait was negligible. The place is clean and the tv (bonus pts for having ESPN on) was without volume, keeping the noise level appropriate. They had almost every kind of bagel in stock, including blueberry, jalapeno, spinach, and the standards like everything, sesame, salt, etc. I chose the Nova on an onion bagel, which is smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, red onions and tomato. The salmon portion was very generous for a $7 breakfast. I don't mind paying that much for a sandwich that doesn't skimp on quality ingredients! As others stated, the bagel has a great crispy exterior and fabulous, fluffy interior. I highly recommend this place if you're on the north side of Phoenix.
I always forget how quality this place is, they use all boars head meats and have an excellent bagel selection.  Their lunch special is also incredible for 5.95 you get a huge bagel, loaded with quality meat accompanied by a fountain soda (I refill like a mofo, I'm thirsty) & chips!  Way too much food needed for the average bear but at that price I can't complain.
bagels are pretty good considering there aren't any rel bagel shops out in the valley.  the service here is TERRIBLE!!  Can;t get orders right, can't get people moving in and out of the shop....I stopped coming to this place for a year and sad I came back the 2 times I did to try and give them another shot.  Even worse.
I just left and ordered a turkey club on a bagel. Really good! I let her make it her way and enjoyed it even with spicy mustard. This thing was huge! I went thinking the bagel would be small, but it was more than I could handle. . They use only boars head, so you know it was a quality sandwich. When in AZ, will definitely pay them a visit!
Last time I was in here I ordered a Hot Hero Sandwich. I even asked the lady at the counter what was in the Hero sandwich. She explained there was salami, etc, etc. plus a drink for $7. Well she/they couldn't get the order right because out came a Gyro wrap. I say Hero you say Gyro. Well I say let's call the whole thing off. I took the Gyro wrap since I was pressed for time. That was definitely the worst tasting Gyro I have ever had. The meat was burnt at the edges and the wrap had what tasted like a garlic sauce in it. Yuk, I won't return.
DELICIOUS!!!  Wow, my son and I had Italian Subs.  The bread was PERFECT!  It reminded very much of the subs I would get when I lived in Chicago (take that as a huge compliment).  The sandwich was very large so easy to split unless you have a huge appetite or can't control yourself around yummy food.  I can't wait to go back and try some more there.  The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is that maybe some fresh made chips would send it to the 5 star rating other than that...yummmmy!
New York style bagels that actually taste like New York Bagels. 

Service can be slow but the bagels are worth the wait. Go on the weekends and there is never a wait. 

Oh, and get their cookies. The oatmeal raisins are amazing.
This place is a great value for lunch. I get their bagel sandwiches on a regular basis!
I came for lunch, ordered cold corn beef on rye with a side of chips.

Quick service, about 15 other people in the restaurant dining or eating.

The food was good, tasty rye and corned beef.  Only thing keeping me from 5 star rating was the size of the sandwich.  The corned beef I'm used to at delis is usually 4-6" thick with heaping mounds of beef.  This sandwich wasn't skimpy just not the hulking deli sandwiches I'm used to.
This is probably the first time I have given such a bad review to any restaurant I have eaten at. My friends and I had gone for breakfast and it could not have been worse. The bagels had no taste and nor did any of the sides we ordered. How can you make such tasteless eggs and breakfast potatoes is something I cannot understand.
Worse there is a one cup limit on coffee. Can you believe it, for a breakfast place you get only one filling of coffee. Avoid this place like a plague if you can manage it.
I have never had bagels this good outside of New York City! The rest of their deli is amazing also. Great family-run spot I was so pleased to find when we opened our business in the Deer Valley Airpark! They bake their own bagels as well as the french rolls. Delicious!
Food was good, prices are a bit steep for what you get.
Went here in the afternoon on Christmas Eve hoping they were open. Got there just as the owner was walking to the door to close. I said I could go and the owner said "no, no, no, I'll help you". I got 2 Italian subs, owner told me they make all breads at the shop and as others said, they use good meat. The sub was stuffed and the bread was soft but with a nice crunch. Sub took a while to make as there is a technique of stuffing it but it was very good. I'll certainly go back. Pricing is fair too; the sub isn't a foot long, perhaps 8-9" but well stuffed and for 2 subs, 2 drinks, 2 chips and 1 fat deli pickle we paid about $16. Worth the price and the wait. They are only open for breakfast and lunch. I'll def. go again to try breakfast...or for another sub. Yummy!
I love NY Bagels! I eat breakfast here at least twice a week, and often get bagels for the family on the weekends. $5 for a sandwich and a drink, and you're full! And the family that runs it is great. 

So if you want something cheap, go to McDonald's and eat off the value menu. If you want something filling and tasty, go to NY Bagels. You'll be glad you did!
Friendly staff, great bagels, all boars head meat which is awesome. Overall great spot for breakfast or lunch!
These are the best bagels I've ever had! I had the sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast bagel on a sesame bagel. The eggs were made fresh, which is always a plus! The prices are really cheap too. $5 for a bagel and a drink.
I am from New York.  Born on the upper east side of manhattan to some yuppie parents and raised on the Gold Coast of Long Island.  I am a snob by nature.  To make matters worse when I was about 19 I decided I was brave enough to try my hand at cooking professionally.  Anywho fast forward about a decade I dropped cooking like a bad habit we don't need to get into what I actually do now. I'm more retired then anything.  Ok getting to the point.  When ever I decide to take a mental health day during the week or when I'm feeling frisky early on a Saturday this is my go to spot.  BEST BAGELS IN PHX.  #fact.  Two fried eggs bacon and cheese on a toasted everything bagel. Don't get fancy at this place stick to the basics and thank me later!
I recommend the Bacon / Cheddar Egg Sandwich on a Chile Bagel. Also at the top of my list is the Asiago Bagel Dog. The pastries are always a high quality. I suggest the Strudel or the Cinnamon Sticks.
I am on a pumpkin kick this month and knew they had the most amazing pumpkin cream cheese. So off I go and get a tub of it for home with a bunch of bagels. I had wanted a pumpkin latte but they dont do the holiday flavors..thats why 4 stars not 5.
The flavored cream cheese is so creamy and amazing. I will have to stock up on it before the season is over. I will want more after the holidays. I wonder if you can freeze it? I will have to ask next time. It is so addicting. I am enjoying my pumpkin cravings!!
Oh..the bagels are the bomb as well. Crisp on the the outside..soft and chewy inside. Toasted of course!
What a delightfully pleasant little cafe to start a day of hiking. 

My friend and I were set to go up the Mountains Edge Trails to jumpstart our week with a workout and with that, we knew we needed energy. Einstein Bros Bagels just happened to be on the way so we stopped by and ordered ourselves some food. I ended up with one of their 'egg-citing creations' - the turkey sausage and cheddar with my choice of spinach florentine bagel and a hot chocolate. Delish!!

It had a very friendly, family-oriented ambiance to it although a far cry from sambalatte's more sophisticated & sociable vibe, it brought in the much needed energy for the day and the spinach really helped charge me up!
Today I stopped here on the way to Spring Mountain State Park. Before hiking, I wanted a light meal that is inexpensive. The thing is that a bagel with butter and coffee was the only item less than $5. I am not cheap, but spending close to $7 for their average sandwich and coffee is pricey for a bagel shop. I feel that Einstein Bagels would be a better restaurant if they implemented value menus including coffee.
 
  A few times that I have splurged on breakfast here, I have been very satisfied. Their lox sandwich is delicious.
 
  Their coffee is outstanding. Free refills!

  The customer service meets my expectations. The nice woman that works here brought my sandwich to the table, which was outside.

  My verdict: a good place for breakfast that is kind of overpriced.

Tip: Although this Einstein Bagels has an Eastern Avenue address, it faces Warm Springs Road.
Einstein has become a genius.  Einstein Bagels has introduced value to their menu (a complaint I posted in past reviews was a need for value meals) with a Value Breakfast and Value Lunch.

  The $3.99 Value Breakfast includes a bagel and shmear with a medium coffee. In bagel lingo, shmear is another name for spread.  I will yelp that my taste buds cherish a toasted bagel with nova lox spread. When it comes to taste, my taste buds also cherish their bottomless coffee. Einstein Brothers Bagels have always served quality coffee. There are four choices of coffee that are unlimited refills.A nice feature is that the time the coffee was brewed is written by the coffee station.

  The $5.99 lunch special includes any deli sandwich with a medium fountain drink and chips or potato salad. A lack of a side item was a past complaint that I addressed.

  I myself am not a genius. I do have an intuition that Einstein Bagels Value Menus have added to the bagel experience in Las Vegas.
Great friendly service. Bagel sandwiches are good and never burned. Love the bagel clusters!!
I have always been a regular "bagel eater" at Einstein's but after my last experience, I don't think I will ever go back to this particular one again. From the moment I walked in employees were yelling over counters at each other and one was waving bagels in the air!
 When I went to order it went pretty smoothly, but when I got my bagel it was completely messed up. And the two other people there orders were wrong too. They remade mine and I was in a hurry to get where I was going so I left, just to find out that they made mine incorrectly AGAIN!! I was tired of dealing with these people but even if they didn't get my order wrong two times the service alone was enough for me to not go back.
I've had Einstein Bros on numerous occasions, bu I've never had anything aside from basic bagels and shmear. I was craving bagel and lox so I met my OG Ryan B for some lunch. 

The service was standard, but I got exactly what I was looking for in a bagel and lox with the works. A little on the expensive side, but I was extremely satisfied with my meal and the atmosphere was nice to sit and chat in a quiet location. Free Wi-Fi and free refills makes this a nice quiet place to get some work done as well.
Second time back after they messed up our order last week.  Guess what? They messed up our order AGAIN! 

Don't even bother going on a Saturday morning at 9:30-10:30, the line was out the door with an poorly trained kid accepting patrons at only one POS terminal (they have three), people were waiting over 10 minutes just to place their order.  Watched a woman yell at the staff because she's been waiting 15 minutes for a "warmed up" coffee cake.  We have gift cards that we bought at Costco since we've LOVED Einstein Bros out of Vegas, I threw them in the trash; I'll never go back. Permanent Fargo Embargo.
Very very bad, if you come after 9am don't expect to get any bagels or most of anything. Always sold out. I guess they don't want to make extra because of cut backs.
Coffee and bagels! Very good!
If you love coffee and bagels and I do you will not be disappointed here! Everything is so fresh, and good quality, if you can think of a bagel and something to put on it (or just order off the menu) you will not be disappointed, I promise. Might have gotten 5 stars, but I would have liked to see the shop just a bit cleaner, not gonna stop me from going back.
Always hot fresh bagels, iced chai tea was the bomb! Friendly, fast , always feel welcome by the smiley staff.
I always enjoy my food!

I usually have three go to options.... depending on my desire that day.... 
- a cinnamon raisin bagel with honey almond smear
- garlic bagel with reduced fat cream cheese and lox
- an applewood bacon with egg breakfast sandwich on a garlic bagel

I LOVE iced coffee, but I hate to say that I am not a big fan of Einstein's iced coffee, it just doesn't have a great flavor to me. Although I do enjoy their hot coffee selection and always choose the vanilla hazelnut!

This location always seems packed, but the staff is very quick and always provides great friendly service!
the week of thanksgiving, g and i were home, doing home improvement all week. so, after my daily trip to home depot i stopped in. they were busy, and service was curt but capable. i gave my order:  one normal, plain, as-it-is bagel with plain cream cheese on the side and a wheat bagel with veggie cream cheese. 

g does not like his bagel molested in any way. most places, even after i explicitly tell them not to, molest the bagel. hot bagels and deli didn't. g was surprised and happy. they  the bagels were tasty - a little crispy? on the outside and soft on the inside. bagel perfection. the cream cheese was rich and luxurious. i loved it, g loved it and we powered through the baseboard fueled by bagels.
Their bagels are FANTASTIC. So good. Big, perfectly boiled and nicely crisp on the outside while still being wonderfully light and fluffy on the inside. And their cream cheese? They make it on site. Delicious. And the cinnamon rolls...mmm. Their prices are so reasonable and they even have a great $2.99 breakfast sandwich and coffee special every day (lunch, too!). I hope Hot Bagels and Deli sticks around...they're such a great mom and pop addition to the hood.
If this place ever shuts down, you will find me curled up in the fetal position rocking myself outside their locked doors. I love this place more and more each time I go. Now, mind you, this place will never shut down because each time I've been there it is PACKED. It doesn't matter when you go, even today at 10am on a Thursday, there were easily twenty people inside the tiny shop. Apparently none of these people have real jobs. Whatever, I don't care about them. I care about my fabulous bagel-liciousness. Yes. I made that word up. I think Webster should pay me royalties, in the form of hot bagels. 

This place makes all their bagels from scratch each morning. Get there at the right time and you can have one hot out of the oven. Mmm. It is heaven in a paper bag. The bagels are hand rolled, then boiled and baked. The end result is a crispy exterior and soft, chewy inside. 

I suggest the breakfast sandwich. They will whip up the best bagel sandwich with your choice of breakfast meat, cheese and egg in no time. (Seriously, I have no idea how they cook it so fast, but I know they don't cook them ahead of time, because the cook top is out in the open for everyone to see.) 

Once, my husband and I were in a hurry to get to the airport. It was some ungodly hour in the morning, and we were starving. I couldn't bring myself to do the drivethru at the McDonald's across the street. Just couldn't do it when I knew my bagel-liciousness was just a few hundred feet away. So we called them on our way and asked if they could make the sandwiches ahead of time. They were more than happy to. When we ran in, our bagel sandwiches were wrapped up and in a bag, ready for us to run off to the airport. The family that runs this place is great. 

I'll never look at another bagel the same. I love this place.
We have been looking for a place that serves good, North East - New York style bagels with lox and a deli. Glad to say we finally found one, Hot Bagels & Deli! They are a very small place right off the Carefree Hwy and I17 and frequently busy especially on the weekends. 

They have a good variety of bagels served hot or cold breakfast style with several cream cheeses, bacon, sausage, egg, cheese (anything you want on it). They also have a very good deli with a good selection of deli meats, salads and lox. They serve both hot and cold sandwiches, wraps and they have some sweet pastries too. They also serve Kona blend coffee, which is ok and better than most coffee's. 

The only thing missing from this New York style bagel place is the smoked white fish, home made hot pastrami and the back/white cookies. I highly recommend getting the "slice nova" on a plain or toasted everything bagel! Lox, tomatoes, onions, capers and cream cheese, yeah baby!!

I recommend the Hot Bagels and Deli to my friends and hope you give them a chance next time your around the Carefree and I17 hwy area. I think you will enjoy it.
Quality bagels made in-house. Located on Carefree Highway just east of I-17, Hot Bagels is good place to stop for a quick breakfast or lunch when traveling either way on I-17.
Great place run by great people!  I know the bagels are killer, but I always go for the toasted croissant with two fresh eggs, taylor ham, sausage and Swiss cheese.   Service is lightning fast most days even when there is a line.  Best breakfast sandwich in the area by far.
Have to give this place five stars because there is nothing like it here in Phoenix!  I'm from back east and finding REAL bagels out here is near impossible, let alone a Taylor ham,egg, and cheese sandwich.  The coffee is great too and everyone that works there is friendly and courteous.

It has a real neighborhood feel.  I am a P90X coach and they let me leave my business cards out and notices about my local workouts.  When I walk in, I almost always see at least two or three people I know...just a great place all the way around!!!
I don't like this place, but since it's the only place in the neighborhood to go for a bagel, I end up here too often.

The cinnamon-raisin bagel might have a total of 3 raisins in the entire bagel.  This has happened to me sooo many times, that I have stopped ordering it.  I feel like I'm just eating a cinnamon bagel. 

You have to ask them to double toast your bagel.  If not, you will find that you have a luke-warm bagel with butter on it.  Ick.  I like my bagel browned just a little bit.

But I'm sure I will continue to come here until something better opens up nearby.
I really like this place. Growing up one of my favorite meals was having Taylored Ham for breakfast and this is this first place that I've found that serves it. The Taylored Ham/Egg/Cheese on everything bagel is a dream come true.

Another reason why I like this place is because unlike Einstein Bros. they really know how to load up a bagel with cream cheese.

The only fault is they really do not toast the bagels really well so you have to ask to have it double toasted.
Another fantastic bagel and coffee this morning! So glad to have this place just down the street! Absolutely great! Rumor has it they are building a new location at 67th and happy valley! Very cool! Can't wait to try that one out! My favorite bagel is the traditional plain toasted with butter. So good!
Love their bagels and cream cheese! My favorite is the rye bagel with veggie cream cheese.
I really like this place. Growing up one of my favorite meals was having Taylored Ham for breakfast and this is this first place that I've found that serves it. The Taylored Ham/Egg/Cheese on everything bagel is a dream come true.

Another reason why I like this place is because unlike Einstein Bros. they really know how to load up a bagel with cream cheese.

The only fault is they really do not toast the bagels really well so you have to ask to have it double toasted.
A must stop for a quick breakfast or lunch. Quick, quality food for a good price.
The name says it all. This is one hot bagel shop! This could be one of the best bagel shops I've found in Phoenix and I would have never expected to find it way up in North Scottsdale. This bagel shop is delicious. The bagels are large, hot, soft and extremely delicious. This local eatery has a line out the door on weekends and it's for a reason. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are to-die-for. The cheese, egg and bacon combo sandwiched between a hefty bagel makes it worth waking up early on a Sunday morning! I will be visiting again soon for the deli because I hear that it's a must to stop by and experience their lunch.
This is the best bagel shop in AZ! Excellent customer service and the bagels are to die for! The staff is super friendly and you're in and out w/ your order very quickly!
Just the right amount of crusty-but-soft, warm, fresh bagels to be found in the Valley!  Very friendly, prompt service.  This will be our only stop if we want a REAL bagel!!
This place is amazing!!!! Fantastic bagels,crusty ,with the right amount of chewiness as well as texture and flavor.Delicious cream cheese ,hot breakfast sandwiches as well as deli.Just talked to a New Yorker friend of mine and she called it"the only place besides New York that can serve a great bagel"!!!!!!!
Love to hit up a bagel place every once in a while and when we moved to the area would have drive miles to get any bagel. Now that we have Hot Bagels I hate to go anywhere else. The bagels are delicious and they put on a lot of cream cheese. If you like bagels you have to try this place.
I've eaten here four times. The staff has so far been friendly, the meals have come in a timely manner, and the prices are pretty good. You get a sandwich, chips, and a fountain soda for around $7.

The bagels are above average, the meat is freshly sliced, and they use Boar's Head mustard. I don't like mayo or cheese on my sandwiches and these are still good enough to keep me coming back.
My boyfriend has taken me here three times since we've been back home for the Winter and I LOVE IT. The first time was a weekday morning and we had their breakfast special. Sausage and egg on croissant. Totally melt in your mouth perfection. The second time I had to try the lox and cream cheese with capers and onion. They hit it out of the park again! I had it on the everything bagel, but chose not to toast it. You also get potato chips and a drink with the sandwich. Last time we went I got the lox again but this time on the onion bagel, and toasted. It was somehow even more amazing.

We can't leave here without getting a handful of their hot sauce packets, I don't even know why but they are delicious. Also one of their chocolate danish pastries that are mouth watering.

Everyone here is super friendly and your food comes out lighting fast and super fresh no matter how packed they are. Can't give it more than 5 stars or else I would.
Love this place! Great breakfast and lunch specials! Bagels are always fresh and love that it is a family owned business as well :) The owner is so sweet, one time I had come in for a dozen bagels and left my debit card at home, but he let me take the bagels anyway with the promise to come back and pay!  I of course ran home with bagels in tow and came right back and paid, he was almost disappointed I came back so quickly, but there is NO place I know that would have been so kind!
Best bagels in AZ.
Friendly Staff, clean store, GREAT food.
I'm there 2-4 times a week...if they weren't there I'd be at a loss for breakfast!
Double ham, egg, and cream cheese on an everything bagel; you won't be disappointed!
Perfect way to start the day!! Make sure to get there earlier in the day for the best bagel selection.
LOVE that we found this place heading up to Sedona. I ordered the lox/cream cheese/ caper bagel. AMAZING! Seriously, it was stacked super high with salmon! The bagels themselves were awesome- NO HOLES! we wondered, are people selling bagel holes now also?? BF had the ham/cheese sandwich. He devoured it! It was super fresh, fast, and delicious! 

would defientely come back!
Ok, forget the smoked white fish and the black/white cookies... this place doesn't need them!   This Hot Bagels and Deli is one of the Best places you will find anywhere around Phoenix for tasty bagels!  They are bagelicious!   If you don't believe me, then just stop by on a Saturday or Sunday morning and watch all of the bagel seeking peeps come into this place by the droves!  Yes, it's a great people watching place too :-)

A good bagel must be somewhat light and yet chewy on the inside and boiled and crisp on the outside.  This place knows how to make bagels better than most hands down. I hope you will give them a try.  Maybe I will see you there?!
Awesome place!!! Excellent food, fast service, and a friendly staff. The use of fresh meats really completes the quality of the meal.
The staff is rude, and they were out of a lot of bagels everything by 1pm. I would not come back again, ever.
fast became our favorite breakfast spot.  love the breakfast special-even more when we found out we could have the gyro meat.  good coffee and our grandkids would rather eat there than just about any place else!
My husband and I go here once a week for breakfast.  The bagel sandwiches are always delicious and fresh.
Cheap quick breakfast, how can you go wrong?  Had an egg, sausage, and cheese on a sesame seed bagel.  I think it was like $4 or $5 and came out in a flash.  Definitely didn't expect a place like this off Carefree Highway.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.
Staff isn't always pleasant but the jalapeno cream cheese is awesome so I just take it to go!
We love this place for a Saturday morning treat. They're seemingly always busy, which is always a good thing. The service is always fast and courteous and the bagels are great. We love the sausage, egg and cheese sandwich on a spinach bagel. Also, try their various cream cheeses! So many to choose from!
Coffee and bagels are delish!
So I've been here a couple times over the last few years. Today was my third visit. I had a toasted spinach bagel with egg and cheese-yummy. I was sitting on the front patio when I noticed a bird struggling in a high branch of the palo verde tree nearest the building. The little sparrow had it's foot caught on the branch and was hanging upside down. It would flutter it's wings valiantly every few minutes trying to right itself, then hang helpless again. I wanted to help, but it was so high up I knew I couldn't climb all the way up. One of the staff members came out to see if everyone was happy so I pointed out the little bird and asked her if they had a long pole of some kind. She went back inside and came out with a ladder and a broom. So she set up the ladder and I was preparing to climb up with the broom stick to see if I could help free the bird.  Meanwhile everyone on the patio and passing by had stopped to see what was happening. I was about to climb up when another staff member came out to assess the situation. He quickly came up with a better solution and disappeared inside. Shortly he returned with an extendable pole that would easily reach the sparrow. After gently trying to nudge the bird free we all realized the entaglement was more serious. This kind man climbed the tree and with the help of another volunteer on the ground pulled the branch close enough to reach. He then gently captured the bird and brought it down. Both of its feet were badly tangled with some sortof stringy moss. The bird's thrashing had twisted ithe string so badly he would surely have died before breaking free. Everyone helped to untangle his feet and then we set the tiny sparrow free. High fives all around!
I will go out of my way to eat here and tell others about the awesome people who work at Hot Bagels and Deli. 

Moral of the story: They are really nice here-and the food is great too!
This has been my go to weekend spot for breakfast for over a year now. Never been disappointed with the food or service. If the lines are out the door you still have your food in no time at all. Best bagel joint in Arizona !
Okay, this place is off the chain! Literally... Family-owned. And they are fantastic! I feel bad for people that think Einstein's actually has decent bagel sandwiches. They've obviously never been introduced to anything like Hot Bagels before. Now, granted I haven't been to every single bagel shop in AZ... But none of the places I've tried even come anywhere near the incredible Hot Bagels. 

I got hooked to the original location at 59th ave and the 101 when I was in high school. And ever since then (clearly this was some time ago, as I am a bit older now) I ALWAYS compare every bagel to theirs. Nobody else touches this place. Needless to say, I was ecstatic when I accidentally stumbled upon this location about 6 months ago. Of course they didn't disappoint. I had a lunch sandwich for the first time here that day, and HB didn't let me down at all. Everything is priced very well and for the quality, you definitely get some bang for your buck. Most of the sandwiches are $5.95 and you get a free bag of chips AND a free drink with that! BOAR'S HEAD meat and cheese all around, and the bagels are incredible! They are HUGE, rolled and baked fresh on the daily, and strike the perfect balance between soft, chewy, and crispy when toasted. They don't skimp on anything, and I never feel like I just got robbed after eating here. The cream cheese assortment is awesome and each one I've tried is amazing! My go-to breakfast bagel is sausage, egg, and cheese on an everything. YUM. And if I have a sweet tooth, the cinnamon raisin bagel with the walnut raisin cream cheese will do the trick every time. It's addicting! 

Great customer service, and I'm pretty happy with the coffee, too. I leave this place satisfied without fail every visit. Come to find out, they have been so successful that they also opened up a location at 67th and Happy Valley. I must say, what I absolutely LOVE about this place and REALLY respect, is the fact that they haven't hiked up the prices to anything ridiculous when they know damn well they could. It seems to be about the same as what I used to pay 8 years ago if you can believe that. If there is an increase at all, it isn't noticeable. And the quality hasn't declined the least bit either. So on that alone, I GLADLY hand over my money. =)
Store baked bagels in a wide variety.  Boar 's Head cheeses and meats.  Very reasonable prices.  This is the place.   Need I say more.   Don.t miss this place!
While I didn't have a bagel my sandwich was delish! I made a quick pit-stop here on the way to Flagstaff and ordered a turkey sandwich to go. Really, it was basic and super simple sandwich, but it all good quality. Boars Head meats and cheeses and they bake their bagels in house. Plus, it was super fast! This was especially convenient since I was on the go. I'd definitely stop here again. The service was fast and friendly and the food was good.
Passing through came here on a friday afternoon, not crowded at all. Ordered a pastrami reuben which came out quickly and was very good. Would try again for bagels if im ever in the area for breakfast. Seems to be a popular spot with the younger crowd.
Can't give wrong with Hot Bagels. Just moved into the area and been here 3 times already. We bring guests since we know they'll enjoy the food.
I love the Lox Bagel... First time I had a Bagel from here was 2 years ago, I left went back to the Bay Area with them on my mind. I am back 2 years later with them still on my mind. When I got back this was my first stop. I got my Lox Bagel!!! Ohhh and their jalapeno cream cheese is Hella Good!!!
First time here and love this place already!!  The sausage, egg and cheese bagel was so good! The food also came out quick and was fresh. Definitely will be coming back!
Located in Terminal 4 of Sky Harbor Airport (just outside of security before heading down escalator to baggage claim) is a convenient place to stop when you get off of that early a.m. flight and had not yet had a bite to eat. 

Bagels, spreads, breakfast and deli sandwiches. 

While the service wasn't slooow, the people who work there are definitely confused. I had to pay three separate times since they kept forgetting to ring items up. Bagel. Check. Special spread, oh I didn't get that. Check. Bottle of water, you wanted that too? Oh, now I ran out of dimes, I'll be right back (BTW, in case you didn't know, 2 nickles = 1 dime or 10 pennies = 1 dime). 

After the morning, have them toast your bagel since it may be starting to get hard after sitting in the bins exposed to air for a few hours.
Horribly slow service here, except when the really tall guy is working.  Hummus was disgusting with huge chunks of chickpeas in it.  Any degree of complexity in the egg & cheese bagel order and they seem to manage to screw it up.  Who would have thought swiss is so complicated vs. american cheese?
I love Einstein Bros. They are located right outside of TSA checkpoint A gates at Sky Harbor..once you get in thru security.. good luck finding anything half way healthy.. SO its this or its Paradise Bakery.. which I get bored with..Einstein has tasty bagels and schmear..but also a lighter version of sammys. I like the turkey lightened sammy. I get it often and I love it. The bagel is more like half the size. AND I think it's delish! The people here are friendly. Its airport pricing.. the only thing I dislike.
They had bagels and I needed something to eat early at the airport. Not much to it beyond that. I suppose I like their non-airport retail locations better, but what can you expect from the airport?
A great road stop. 
consistent and tasty.
Coffee isn't too bad, though these are often situated next to (or within walking distance from) McDonalds.. er.. I mean Starbucks.
Closed. Sad.

Replaced with ANOTHER Starbucks.... sigh.
I like that this place is conveniently close especially during football season and it's a winner since they have bagels and wraps. Their bagels are good, but I think I prefer Einstein's Sun Dried Tomato Cream Cheese. However,  I really do enjoy their wraps...there is plenty of protein and it leaves you full. They are only open till 6 or 7 depending on the day, but its definitely a good spot to grab a wrap, sandwich or a bagel.
I have been going to this breakfast place for over a year and totally forgot about this hidden gem. It is conveniently located down the street from our home. 

I love their bagel breakfast sandwiches! I always order the ham and egg with cheese on an onion bagel with runny yolk! They are made fresh and cooked to your liking! The lunch wraps are also very good, light and refreshing! 

Empire Bagels is clean with TV on so you can watch the news while eating breakfast.  They are open from 7am to 3pm and prices are pretty descent! 

I hope they don't ever close! If you live nearby and want to have some breakfast in your PJ's and flip flops, this is the place to be!
After waking up early from a long night of bar hopping and gambling, we needed a little something to soak up the festivities.Using my best friend Yelp we found this place. Being around the corner and having good reviews we embarked on a journey to sample these bagel delights. 

Walking in the locals noticed we were first timers. With a few suggestions they also mentioned that this place was only true New York style bagel shop around that made their own bagels fresh. That little tid-bit made us even more eager to try one. After ordering our meals I noticed they had smoothies and juices. I love fresh juices. I ordered one of their specialtie juices. Very refreshing. 

We all ordered breakfast bagels. The bagels were fresh and had that perfect chew to them. They were so good we took a dozen to go. This will now be our go to place for breakfast when we're in town.
awesome cool staff, fresh perfectly-chewy bagels. EVERYthing is good here. a must-visit for those morning after recoveries. great prices and a selection that can please anyone! so much love for empire!

breakfast bagels or wraps - your choice, you can't lose!
It has been a while since I have last been here but I do remember enjoying my bagel breakfast.  It is certainly a different option then your typical Starbucks morning.  Show the bagel shop some LOVE!
I see other people have had great experiences here and I wish I could say the same. It has such potential being close to home and considering how much I love bagels. However, my roommate and I went here and the staff was cold at best. They weren't friendly or inviting. The store itself is dingy and not open consistently. They even took the hours off the door so you don't know when they're open and when they close. The bagel was stale and had mountains of cream cheese. I had to scrape some of it off. Also, there's a fee if you use your card and it's under a certain amount which I believe violates the agreement most companies have with Visa and MasterCard. The prices are entirely too expensive for what you're getting too. From my personal experience, I never want to go back. Other people seem to have had good ones though. Maybe try it for yourself and you be the judge. Be sure to write a review though. I'm curious what other people think.
The staff was very nice. No complaints there.
The bagels however, not fresh. When I see the bagels covered in plastic I know they were not made that day. It was dry and had no taste at all. It was about 10:30 am, so they should have been fresh. 
I have to say the place seemed very dirty to me.  The floors and tables look like they do not get washed to often.
I am honest a BLT bagel lover. This place isn't any different as another, but they do the bagels right. Prsonally I like having their BLT on an everything in the morning when I'm grabbing my chai at the Starbicks next door. Their bagels and schmear are good, too. I think it's a nice stop for a Sammie and some bagels toasted. It's not amazing, but it's nearby and the staff is friendly.
Tasty bagels served with a smile.  

I 've gotten a breakfast sausage, egg, cheese sandwich as well as the regular bagel and cream cheese offerings.  

I've always been pleased.  They aren't the best bagels you'll ver have by any means, but they are better than some other chains.

I like the location, right next to starbuck's, so 1 person can grab the bagels while the other grabs the lattes.  Perfy!  Nice tables to dine al fresco as well.
The ultimate breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel with bacon is my go-to at empire! I honestly crave this breakfast sandwich! I just moved away from that area and really miss it! The bagel was perfectly chewy and always tastes delicious. It's fresh, and everything is made per your order, even the egg. The staff is quiet and it takes forever because it's fresh but it just gives you time to hop next door to grab Starbucks and it's worth the wait. I agree about this bagel being the perfect morning after recovery. Don't bother ordering their iced coffee, FYI, it tastes like 711's.
Meh. I gave up on finding a great bagel out here on the west coast. I came here twice, The first time, I really did not enjoy my food and this time, I just went bc the line at starbucks was super long and I needed my morning snack/ tea. The first time I had a plain bagel with egg salad. It was so gross. The egg  salad was green and it was just weird. The bagel wasn't that great. I would have given it a 1 star based on that experience.

This time, I got the sesame bagel with scallion cream cheese and it was not terrible but it still just was not good. The bagel was pretty bland. And I asked for it toasted and it was warm but definitely not toasted!! The schmear tasted like plain cream cheese with like a few scallion pieces in it.

I didn't like how they had like 20 boxes of tea but they did not have any plain black tea or a breakfast tea or just plain lipton. How do you not carry that?! Weird. Also the staff both times were not very welcoming. This morning, I was the only person in the place and they were rushing me!! They had like a bunch of cream cheese choices, I had to read them all before I picked one!! Jeeze!! lol.

Anyways, it's edible and it's the only bagel place close to my work so I may end up here again but I can't say it's anything close to the best bagel I've had.
I had to update this review because my feelings have changed, I had originally given this place 5 stars because I love the sandwiches and te everything bagels here, but today I came in and prior to ordering I went to wash my hands in their restroom and there was not a drop of soap. My first thought was, obviously the employees aren't washing their hands after using the restrooms and returning back to work. Ugh my stomach turned. So I told the girl behind the counter there wasn't any soap in te bathroom, she shrugged her shoulders and then told another employee, in Spanish, "no soap in the bathrooms" neither of them seemed bothered. I left, and will never return. Good thing I have my hepatitis A vaccine. 



Like another yelper said, it's hard to find good bagels on the West coast but you have to make do with what you have and this and Brooklyn bagels are my favorite in town. My favorite bagel is an everything bagel and my pet peeve is when bagel places don't put the "everything" on both sides of the bagel and they do here! 

My favorite sandwich here is the uptown turkey, fresh sliced cucumbers, tomatoes, alfalfa sprout and scallion cream cheese spread, if you're watching carbs it tastes great on wheat bread but if not, of course an everything bagel then. 

Service here is, well not the greatest. I seem I get the same scowl faced girl who hates her job, but I'm not there to make friends.

My only complaint, I wish they would open one in southern highlands! We need a bagel shop!!!
I love bagels. This place has a good salt bagel and good cream cheese. I enjoy this place most of the time. What I don't enjoy is the attitude of some of the women that work there.
Always come here for the good food and friendly staff.

Get the Ultimate bagel sandwich with crispy bacon. Non nom nom nom
It is close and convenient to my office so I decided to try for breakfast one morning but I never expect much from bagel shops outside of NY/NJ. The 2 girls working the counter didn't seem very friendly but rather interested in their own conversations which lost them a star (I'm a big fan of customer service). I ordered a plain bagel which was decent. Fresh enough to still be good to eat 3 hours later for lunch. I also ordered a power wrap for breakfast and I wasn't a huge fan. All in all, I would return for a simple bagel and cream cheese but that's about it. OH, and they sell large containers of coconut water which I liked.
Boyfriend and I come here just about every sunday. We get our coffees from the starbucks next door and breakfast from empire bagels. They are pretty good only 2 things could be better

1.. the last few times my breakfast bagel sandwhiches have been burnt 
2.. I feel like the place could be a little nicer, I haven't really ever seen anything disgusting but it does look a little dusty around there.

Over all I still love our sunday mornings spent here.
Good food, inexpensive. And it's a good thing they are located next to a Starbucks otherwise they would be out of business.
Amazing place to pick up a lunch sandwich... F*** subway
My first and last time to get food from there, sooo unsanitary...and got old bagels too...the lady just handled everything with bare hands and she was handling money at the same time...just so wrong and she told me the fresh bagels were at the back, but she got my bagels out of a basket of bagels by the counter,..never going back again...
Great bagels but I got a dozen with two tubs of cream cheese and when I asked them to slice them, they said it would cost me an extra 2 bucks. Ridiculous!
Sooooo yummy!! I love to get my breakfast beagles from here. The lunch menu is great , you get soda and chips for free!! Always fast and alway consistent!
This is a quite a decent place. Nice local spot to grab some brunch! The New Yorker is a perfect size to satisfy your hungry stomachs!
It was pretty dang good, I didn't give it 5 stars because they were out of almost every bagel by 9:30 am... Little disappointed. But overall The Ultimate, with ham, double toasted, add cream cheese.... I'll be back
I'm giving this place 5 stars, not because it's perfect, but because I am addicted to their Tijuana breakfast bagel with ham, egg, cheddar,& jalapeo cream cheese! Am the older lady doesn't talk much but the young gentleman there is very nice & polite. I support local and I'd rather go here a million times before a big chain like Einsteins
I'm not really a big bagel person but when I do come here I always get the lox. it tastes fine to me. no different than other places. the staff is pretty friendly. no real complaints about this place but nothing about it really stands out to me. I go here because it's close to where I live. would I recommend this to my friends? I'm not sure. depends how I feel that day I suppose. it is conveniently located next to Starbucks....
Awesome and delicious! Small but very good. Also, it seems like family operated and they are nice. I got the California club sandwich on everything bagel and everything is fresh and the bacon is crispy good.
I really like that this place uses real food for their breakfast sandwiches as opposed to that weird fake processed egg loaf thing they put in breakfast sandwiches at places like starbucks or einsteins. They actually crack a real egg and fry it. Friendly accommodating staff and good food.
Horrible service! If I could give zero stars I would. Went in on mother's day around 11:30a. They were nearly sold out of everything. The girl behind the counter was sitting down talking on the phone. I had to ask her if she could help me. She kept the phone between her shoulder and ear. I asked her if she was going to get off the phone to help me and she said no. Are you serious?! Then I asked if they were going to make any more bagels, she said no. I asked her what time they close and she said 3 o'clock. Why wouldn't you make more bagels when you're open for another 3 1/2 hrs, its Sunday (mother's day) and the parking lot is packed?! Mind you she's on the phone the whole time!
I asked to speak to a manager and she said she wasn't there and the yelled something across the store in Spanish. A lady came from the back and I asked if she was the manager she said not really. I told her my complaint with the horrible customer service from the girl (who was still on the phone the whole time!) and that the deal with the bagels. She shrugged her shoulders and said nothing.

I will never go back to this place and have told plenty of people about the horrendous customer service.

Not a good way to run a business!
Quick look: Unlike any deli's in the Empire State, the "Empire Bagel's" versions were stale, bland and stored in what looked like plastic garbage bags. The sandwiches can best be described as mediocre at best. 

In depth review: Instead of waiting in line at the busy Starbucks next door we decided to get lunch at someplace new and Empire Bagels looked ideal. We are from NY and assumed that a business advertising the "Empire State" in it's name would have bagels that tasted like what we used to get back home, sadly we were wrong. Entire place was empty except for one table at 12pm (lunchtime) on a Monday. This should have tipped us off. 

The menu board looked messy as someone has tried to change prices w/ duct tape and paper. A few sandwiches and their ingredients were also changed or covered up. The sign above the drink cooler telling us to "smile that we are on camera and to be honest and pay for our beverages" was a nice welcoming touch. Was loud inside the shop as two large industrial fans are blasting overhead. They also nickel and dime you and charge you an additional 50 cents to use a credit or debit card. The sandwiches already cost about $8 - $10 on average, not exactly reasonable when you add in the extra fee. 

The sandwiches are made fresh and they took about 10 minutes before they were ready. So if you are pressed for time you nay want to call ahead. The Asiago Cheese Bagel that was on my California Club was stale and crunchy like a saltine cracker. The avocado slice on the sandwich was turning brown and starting to oxidize (see photo) - thought they were made "fresh?" Why serve a customer a brown avocado? The turkey was wet and dripped water from the bottom when I attempted to eat it. My wife also complained that her plain bagel was also stale and tasteless. She also had wet meat on her sandwich and dripped all over when trying to eat. The sandwiches were edible at best and they did give us good sized portions. 

Summary: We were a bit disappointed by our first visit here. Expected so much more for a place called "Empire Bagel's."  Most likely will not stop back if we are on this side of town again. 

We are still on the hunt for the perfect bagel in the Las Vegas valley that reminds us of the chewy and tasty bagels we grew up on back home...
I had a pastrami bagel and the meat was dry and unappetizing. I'm not incentivized to go back. My BF also had a bagel and hasn't suggested we go again even though we live right there...

Eating area seemed clean and service was average.
Great size portions....had the Philly cheese steak....really good. Will definitely be back.
Some people complain about the prices but Subway is expensive and the sandwich looks like bread and lettuce and charges extra for fake avocado, I prefer EBD!
Nice wee cafe this. It's just a shame it took them more than 20 minutes to make two paninis. Eve. Then they only arrived after prompting. The three points are for the good cup of coffee, tasty hommus and pleasant surroundings. Don't think I'll be returning if I'm ever in a hurry though.
The newest of the two Olly Bongo's branches in Edinburgh, this cosy caf is a great spot for eating out whilst still eating food that tastes home-cooked.

There are always three different soups on every day - two of which are veggie - but the lentil and bacon never fails. I have eaten here several times, both for breakfast and for lunch, and i would struggle to say which one is better as both are consistently tasty and good value for money.

For breakfast, for those with larger appetites i'd recommend the Breakfast Bagel (5.95) which comes stacked high with crispy bacon, beans and a fried egg; or for those wanting a slightly healthier start to the day then the Light Bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese, or the generous portion of granola with fresh fruit and yogurt is definitely worth trying.

Despite it's location right next to the University campus, this caf is popular with students and non-students alike, and its easy to see why. 

Don't miss... the Multi-Vit Smoothie (2.95) with kiwi, strawberry, banana and pineapple; extremely effective for curing flu and hangovers alike!
This is a lovely little cafe that is very traditional. As Fiona said, it is very traditional and has a strong sense of home-cooking about it.

Their bagels are to die for. There's no other way to put it. They are amazing, but their prices aren't. Yeah it's probably one of the best bagels I've ever had, but also one of the most expensive. 
Their smoothies too are really good, this is probably what I buy most from here. They have a variety to choose from, and if you tell the people behind the counter what you need - i.e. either energy boost or something to lift you up, they will provide.
This was previously Glen Has Cafe and when it closed I was gutted! Fortunately it reincarnated with the same menu , same friendly staff, just different decor and so it remains one of my favourite cafes. This is partly to do with the proximity to Edinburgh University and my flat but mainly to do with the friendly staff, great coffee and even better bacon butties!

On the few days that weather is nice here in the grim North the windows are thrown open and you can sit in the window on cushions and feel like you are sitting outside. When it's cold (which is more likely) they have cosy sofas to snuggle on with a bowl of soup or cup of coffee. 

Other than staple breakfast and lunch items (paninis, soup, full English/Scottish breakfasts) they also do some really tasty mezze platters that are great for sharing.
6 hours later and I'm still full after my lunch at Olly Bongo's. My first visit here for lunch with a friend, and I was quite intrigued by the random mix of good traditional Scottish lunch options (breakfast bagels, baked tatties, sandwiches, soup) and the Turkish influence of mezze platters, lamb kebabs and even mousakka on the menu.

Going against my usual sandwich option, I pipped for the baked potato with coronation chicken. Usually I like my baked potatos super crispy with the skin peeling off the flesh slightly, and super soft inside. It wasn't perfect but it was still certainley satisfying. The chicken coronation had a lovely deep flavour, and I suspect was full-fat mayo so a little rich but still tasty. It was nice that it came with salad, olives, feta, and a little bit of rice - again the turkish influence.

It wasn't particularly cheap, and a baked potato and tea came to over 7 which is perhaps a little steep for a quick lunch. 

It is a pleasant cafe, pretty decoration, relatively quiet and there's free wifi so I may well pop in again for a smaller option. There's a plethora of breakfast and lunchtime spots in the area that I still need to explore, but Olly Bongo's was A-ok.
This is a great, cozy place to pop in for a hearty, filling breakfast or lunch. The Turkish influence is evident in the decor - colorful wall hangings and squashy throw pillows abound - and subtly influences the menu, while its proximity to the university ensures that prices are low and value is excellent. If the weather's decent, the big front windows will be thrown open - we weathered the beginning of Hurricane Katia in one of the window seats, fortifying ourselves with the full breakfast and hot, strong coffee. And a great option for hangover breakfast, if you're so inclined...
Spent an hour or so there this afternoon reading a book after a day out in the cold air and sunshine.  

It was incredibly comfortable and the guy serving me was great, friendly and quick. Comfy seats and warm atmosphere only spoilt every so often by some guy outside testing the bass in his car!! 

The Coffee blend was good but not quite to my taste. Flat white was not really a flat white, more a latte with less milk, but the cappuccino was very drinkable. However the coffee was hot, well priced and hit the spot so I shouldn't complain! 

I also got a slice of cheese cake which was good but not amazing - it was a bit chewy which was a little odd however not unpleasant! 

Anyway a good place to spend a few hours chilling out or hanging out with friends and I will definitely be going back to try the food which looked great.
Popped into what used to be Blunt a couple of weeks ago for a cuppa and a bite to eat in the evening. Service was considerate & swift and pot of tea for two was a very good size.
The potato wedges were well cooked and served with more than one dip so that was a pleasant touch. The tuna salad was well presented and filling so all in all a decent dining experience that didn't cost the earth.
Look at the size of that baked potato. Just look at it (click on the photos to see what I mean). Ok, the photo doesn't even do it justice. For 5 of my earthly pounds, I was presented with the biggest freshly baked tattie and coronation chicken. A nice wee touch was that the coronation chicken had also been baked for a short while with the potato, so it wasn't that terrible contrast of fridge-cold mayo on piping hot tattie. 

But that's not the only reason I was so happy. It was Christmas Eve and a good friend and I were looking for brunch. Everywhere else in the Old Town, Uni area was shut. ER'RYWHERE! Apart from Olly Bongo's. And they presented us with service with a smile too.

The menu covers a lot of things: Breakfasts (Full Scots, as well as porridge and muesli), baked potatoes, sandwiches, paninis, burgers, salads and mezze plates. It's not necessarily specialising in any of them, but what they serve up is good size portions, fresh and tasty.

If I'm honest I wouldn't come to Olly Bongo a lot for my lunch as I can't really fit that much tatite into one wee Jen on a regular basis. I do love the decoration inside though, the Turkish patterns and cloths. A strange contrast to the full fry-ups you see on people's plates, but hey it's a Turkish owned caf in Scotland. Makes sense I suppose?
I love Olly Bongo's. This inconspicuous little cafe on the corner of Teviot Place is one of the city's fun and quirky places to sit down, have a chat and enjoy a great plate of food. You'd walk right past it and write it off as it doesn't look like much from the outside, but if you step through the doors it's likely you'll get a different impression entirely. 

The cafe is decorated in a Turkish/middle eastern theme and I always opt for their dishes from the region. Mezze plate for the win! (See my photo as evidence backing up that excited statement.) The food is really tasty, portioned generously and served with a smile. 

Haven't gotten around to the cakes yet. Another excuse to visit some time soon!

BTW, they also do student discount so remember to flash the matriculation card to get 10% off.
Excellent food, friendly staff, and wonderful atmosphere!
I went to Olly Bongo's to use a voucher for a turkish dinner for 2.

Started off with a shared meze platter, which was delicious. It came with houmous, cous cous, stuffed vine leaves, olives and roasted vegetables plus some toasted pitta bread. It was all good, great flavours and the plate was finished quickly.

For main course I chose a mixed kebab (chicken and lamb). What was offered was about 3 pieces of chicken and 2 small minced lamb patties. Again, it was all very flavourful - but I cannot help but wonder if this was a 'voucher portion'. The price you would pay for this dish is 8.90 and I think you can get a bit more for your money's worth elsewhere (quantity wise). 

The wine (merlot) that we drank with this meal was very nice and we asked for more wine.. large glass. Now the drinks seem more reasonable. Large glass of red for 3.50. 

The meal was finished with a turkish coffee, which was nice but nothing exceptional. However, I think I would come here again, maybe for a lunch time snack as the food is tasty.
One of the last days of this voucher, so we booked a visit and were able to sit in the opened window when arrived. I like this outside-but-inside tent like feeling they've created. A nice selection of scatter cushions and enough space between tables. 

The menu was supplied and we were advised what we could order. A sharing mezze starter with a pitta bread each was very tasty and I like the fresh yoghurt sauce. 
However main course my chicken shish-kebab surprised me as it was smaller than I expected it to be. It wasn't shish-kebabed - it was 6 loose pieces of (very tasty and moist) chicken and some Pitta bread. I felt more like a tiny taster / starter portion than an actual main course. 

The 'included' wine was supplied in small sampling glasses - you know those that fit 2 bowls of icecream and that is it. But when asked for medium size of the same whine we got some proper sized glasses. - was it because we actually paid proper prices for that instead of a groupon voucher? 

Service was attentive and efficient enough seeing how busy it was and  the waitress was by herself.  - Although bringing out a main BEFORE you clear the starters is in every restaurant a 'no, no'. 

We got a nice Turkish coffee afterwards. 

In all it was not bad, nice enough but nothing special.
Hungry and tired buskers need food and fast! So after a stint of busking in the midst of the Fringe, we headed to the nearest food joint which happened to be Olly Bongo's! With no expectations but just hungry bellies, we ventured inside. 

The exterior is quaint and homely and we were met by lovely aromas and friendly, welcoming staff. We went for chilli nachos to share and thought it would be something that would just do the job. - Something moderately priced, share-able and that would keep us busking in to the night.

We were given a generous portion of nachos with humous, guacamole, creme fraiche, salsa and chilli. It was full of flavour and certainly hit the spot! If in need of food when in the area, I'll be back!
Latkes and blintzes and pickles oh my!

I just came from dinner here - best NY style deli in the valley.  I am thrilled and a little frightened at the implications of Chompie's opening 5 minutes from my office.

I thoroughly enjoyed the crispy, slightly oniony latke (potato pancake) appetizer.  My chocolate phosphate was to die for.  Maybe not that good but it was spot on.

My corned beef on rye?  Like buttah.  Oy like I need a great corned beef sandwich 5 minutes from the office.

I loved the decor and the hustle and bustle the place already has.  Great NY scenes all around blended in with an open modern feel.

Bonus wifi room past the deli counter.  Yes, you'll see me there with my laptop, coffee and some of that divine looking chocolate ruglach I saw in the case.

Mazel tov to the Borenstein's on this great addition to the southeast valley!
Mediocre service, mediocre food. Horrible deli counter service.  This is the second time I've visited since its grand opening at the end of May.  

I was really excited as other locations I've visited were fantastic.  Unfortunately, both of my visits have left me unimpressed.

The first visit, we requested a booth. While we were happy to wait for one, they seated us at a table despite several gentle reminders of our request.  

We ordered breakfast, an all American and a two egg breakfast.  The service was slow and apathetic. The food was served lukewarm.

Well, we all have our off days so I figured we'd try again and see if things would be better this time around. 

Unfortunately, it was a bit worse with the exception of our server. The food was served late, cold and with hard bagels.  

Despite this, I love their bagels so after we choked down our breakfast, we headed to the deli counter to pick up some to take home.  While waiting patiently, we were ignored  and passed over 3 separate times. It took a total of roughly 22 minutes to get 6 bagels.  When we were finally served, it was with all the hospitality of Lurch. Sorry to put you out there, buddy. 

Anyway, it will be an unlikely event that I will return. 

Fool me once...
A group of us went, and from around the table, it seemed folks enjoyed their food but wasn't necessarily impressed.  Pricey too.  My chopped liver (I know, am I like seventy? I try anything once) reminded me of sweet cat food and the bagel chips were so hard I gave up for fear of my teeth.  Sweet potato fries, ok that rocked.

i was excited about the bakery section though.  The counter guy was great, patient with me while I basically bought a sampling of everything.  The choc babka was unmemorable and extremly crumb-y (what a mess cutting it), but add insult to injury, I go to Luci's Marketplace the next day and find the same babka there for 35% less than what I paid at Chompie's.
I went to Chompies for a quick bite during work after hearing the buzz  about the great NY style deli sandwiches on tap. I sat at the bar, though small, it obviously wouldn't be a place I would sit and have a few drinks after work. I was reminded by the manager that they now have a happy hour with $1 off drafts! Good to know. 

I had the Hot Pastrami sandwich with a cup of Tortilla Soup. The size of pastrami was very generous and I barely finished half. The pastrami was stacked 3 inches high and was so tender and juicy. I liked that it had a nice crust of peppery goodness on the edge of each slice. Slap that on Jewish Rye and you're in business!  The soup was good, not great, but good. I don't think it had enough flavor, it was missing a hint of spice and more generous pieces of chicken. It didn't stand out to me.

My only gripe was the NY prices. Out the door with tip was $21, so not an average lunch. I think that would be the only reason why I wouldn't frequent this place more often. Jason's Deli is right across the street and whereas Chompie's pastrami sandwich is better, sadly I don't think it is that much better to warrant the price. 

I'd definitely give it a go. Next time I'll try a reuben!
My first visit to Chompies and it was delish!!  So much to choose from on the menu it took me forever to decide.  My waiter was patient with me and offered up some suggestions.  I was bad, so bad.  I had a Monte Cristo Sandwich with fries.  

While I waited for my food I took it all in.  I love the NY vibe, the walls with pictures of NY and all the great things about NY.  It made me want to get on a plane and take another trip to NY!!!  And there are several TV's to watch events.  This evening I watched the Mets play and sadly, they lost.  

My sandwich was delish!!  Nicely dusted with powered sugar and the ham and turkey were excellent.  The fries were perfect, crispy on the outside and fluffly on the inside.  And my waiter checked on me several times which I appreciated.  

I cannot wait to return and try more things off the menu.  I thought it was a bit pricey but the food was good and the portion was generous.  I took half home.  I am giving three stars for now but I'm sure I will bump it up after I've tried the  potato pancakes and the matzo ball soup.   *drool*
My mothers retirement home had a reservation for 30 people at Chompies  tomorrow.  The community called to confirm today and Chompies said they didn't see the reservation and they were to busy with TV stations coming to accommodate them.  The community even had the persons name that took the reservation.  There is a big promotion on tomorrow which they didn't even offer to provide them for a different date.  There are a lot of upset seniors. It's very sad, something they were all looking forward to!!
Well, it was one of those mornings that started good and then took a turn.  Happy to be getting up early and getting some b-fast with my BF and even more excited to be getting out of our typical 5 mile radius.  Trying a new place was the cherry on top!

Chompie's menu is gigantic and I was only looking at breakfast.  So much to choose from, I almost felt lost.  Pulled my typical move of narrowing it down to two or three and ask the server.  He recommended the Athens Skillet (sauteed spinach, artichokes, mushrooms, onions, garlic, tomato, feta, and jack cheese topped with two eggs and served over potatoes). I knew it was going to be a ton of food, but decided I could take it home to enjoy tomorrow.

Three things made this experience not my favorite, mostly my own fault and having nothing to do with Chompie's.  1) Something was off with Google Maps, so I was not able to 'check-in' using the Yelp app, it said I was a mile away.  Bummer.  2) Attempting to take that first bite of my delicious skillet, I cut into the egg with my fork and received a explosion of yolk on my shirt and white shorts.  Ugh!  3) When leaving the table, I left my huge box of leftovers sitting on the table.  *tear*

What can we all learn from my mishaps?  1) If you choose to eat your egg yolk runny, pierce it softly before diving in or maybe use your had to cover much like squeezing a lemon into a drink.  2) Put your leftovers somewhere that you have to take them to get out of the booth, maybe in your lap?

So, while I wasn't happy when I got home from Chompie's, I am still excited to return and do it right this time!
Food is so so. Staffs were rude. Might as well just go across the street to Jason's Deli. To add insult to injury, they overcharged us and refuse to issue partial refund.
Tried this location for the first time on Father's Day. That in and of itself was a mistake as the place was extremely busy and required a 50 minute wait (hostess said 15-20 min). In the meanwhile we checked the place out and reviewed the menu to determine our order.

Finally seated and our waiter takes our order - brings us back our drinks and then disappears. Our coffee and soda's go dry. The table behind us locates their own condiments and refills. Oh, look our waiter returns - long enough to give us a refill and tell us he was bored. Yesterday was evidently much busier and today isn't even a challenge for him. WOW! 

So our order comes out and we have to give directions on what needs corrected. We wait while he re-does my wife's order. Which then comes out cold and still isn't correct. Seriously?

I was told how big the sandwiches are, so I ordered a half pastrami, thinking the $8 price tag isn't really as much as it seems, since the sandwich will be the size of a "regular" size sandwich. Um, yeah, that part didn't pan out. I got a small sandwich piled high pastrami and a little cup of cole slaw. The food itself was good, not great like the hype. 

Our waiter - yeah, he's missing again and we get no refills. I also noticed management was MIA. He returns long enough to give us the check. There's a mistake on the bill, which he corrects but we of course have to wait and wait.

 My final opinion? Too expensive for the sandwich I had and breakfast everyone else in my party had. The food is good but the price to quantity ratio is off. If this place didn't have the fanboys it does, I'd say it was doomed, particularly in today's more cost conscious economy.
Got together with about 15 other Yelpies this evening to give this Chompie's a whirl.  I had a bowl of Kreplach Soup with a ring of Sesame Bagel toast, a 1/2  Pastrami on Rye, & a cup of Cole Slaw, & everything was just great!  They also gave us complimentary shoestring onions & sauce to dip them in (Yum!), plus plenty of Kosher Dill spears.

I prefer the layout of Chompie's in Tempe, but this one is fun too, & our servers handled this mob of characters with friendliness & skill.  Excellent place here, & my meal cost a reasonable $11.28.
Chompies did a great job with a little UYE group of about 15 folks.  I had potato pancake, 1/2 corned beef sandwich, onion straws and fried matzo.

All quite tasty!

Well done once again Chompies!
The first time I ate here was at their friends and family pre-opening event. Now, in the interest of full disclosure, I was neither friends nor family at that point (I was discussing a book event with Wendy), though in typical tribal fashion I was adopted by the Borensteins and made mischpucha (translate: family for the non-Yiddish speaking and goyem). Anyway, since that evening I've been there six or eight times. It's always terrific.

Though I always order a lean corned beef on rye, I've had a number of things with family and friends. Everything has been fantastic - the traditional comfort food I ate since emerging from the womb. Though I will caution about the matzo ball soup; it has a sweetness I don't care for. We've had blintzes, latkes, fish, knishes... The list is longer but that's all I can think of off the top of my head. Everything has been terrific.

Same with the service. I've been treated very well every time I've been there. For good or ill there is now a Chompie's closer to my house. The jury is still out on which it is, I mean, nobody ever said a "latke a day keeps the doctor away." You know what I'm sayin'...
Went to my first UYE (thanks Jim & Audrey!) & enjoyed meeting other yelpers, who gave some great insight to their experiences & reviews. 

It was a great time & the food was great too! I had my introduction to fried matzo balls & potato pancakes, um..... both were awesome! Who knew that applesauce & sour cream would be so good together as a topping, obviously someone did & they were right. If you've never had matzo ball chicken soup, I suggest you try it. Note: it's the best when you are feeling under the weather! Also tried Rugulach - don't even know how to pronounce that correctly, but it's very similar to Baklava, so if you like that you won't be disappointed & it comes in a variety of flavors.
I have to say I like this Chompies better than the one in Tempe for a number of reasons.... but mainly because it's so much closer to my house! Lol :) 
Give it a whirl, you won't be sorry, and if you're not sure about what to get - ask your server - they are very friendly & informative! Good job tonight with such a big group & thanks for the extras!!

*****OH YEAH... BTW - THE GOOGLE MAP ADDRESS ON HERE IS WRONG - IT PUTS YOU IN SOME FAR AWAY NEIGHBORHOOD. THE DELI IS RIGHT BEHIND THE CHANDLER MALL. IN THE SPORTS AUTHORITY, BED BATH & BEYOND, DSW, ETC. PARKING LOT. JUST FYI*****
Wow, I've got to say that this place and food is different than any place I've ever been to. The menu is HUGE, I was going through it like, it's not gonna end? All of this is in size 10 font, it's like a novel!! There's so much to choose from! As I scan over the menu, I see everything from breakfast,  sandwiches, burgers, traditional dinners, and on and on....

We eventually chose the oh so delicious Greek Chomp-a-dilla (Sauteed spinach, minced garlic, greek feta cheese, diced tomato, onions, scallions & a hint of Parmesan cheese) for an appetizer. Very fresh and the combo of flavors go well together. 

I had the Chicken in the Pot, holy mother... when they brought it out, it was so big that I actually sputtered, "How am I supposed to... eat it?" Another table had noticed just how giant my entree was and had to ask what in the world I ordered. This bowl of soup had 2 halves chickens, (not diced, not cubed, a chicken cut in half!), celery, carrots, jumbo matzo balls, kreplach, and noodles. They gave me a friggn' ladle for cryn' out loud. 

Plus they had so many delicious looking pastries just begging us from the desert case, we just had to get cheesecake to go.

Can't wait back to try the endless menu!
Great food - Cruddy service. 3 strikes and you're out. I have experience with Chompie's other locations and have been very impressed with food & service, so I was excited when this location opened down the street from my house. Our 1st two visits we had shockingly bad service. 3rd visit was even worse. There's no $10 sandwich on the planet worth repeatedly crappy service. If you're craving Chompie's drive to Tempe, it's worth the drive.
I went to Chompies for the first time recently at a great UYE.  What better way to try somewhere new?  Even if the food is a big fat fail, you know you'll have great company!

Luckily, it wasn't a big fat fail.  It was a big fat success.  Tried the Jewish sliders with brisket, gravy, and a potato pancake.  It was like a home-cooked Sunday dinner mom used to make all wrapped up in a challah roll.  Except mom rarely made "Sunday dinner" , and if she did, it would have been wrapped in a tortilla or a Sonic brown paper bag, since we never heard of challah.  But aside from those minor differences, it was just like Sunday dinner.

Great service for our rather large group, too.  They even brought out some little cookies for us to try, which led us to the bakery on our way out!  Thanks to Jim and Audrey for organizing, and thanks to Chompie's for a great meal!
First time here and we had heard great things from friends about their breakfast. 

My meal was pretty cold when it arrived and cold hash browns really don't do it for me! The poached eggs were perfect and the wholewheat toast was unusually good but to eat a meal that is half the right temperature and half cold is not great.

Service was very friendly and coffee refills came quickly and without asking which is always appreciated.

Unfortunately breakfast joints are pretty much everywhere in Chandler so when you have such a choice an experience like this is not going to make me come back.
Nicholas took great care of our party of 7! We were greeted quickly and seated almost as fast. 

We ordered and enjoyed the perfect amount of time for coffee before our meal arrived! We enjoyed delicious food, all of us ordering extremely different items. We never ran shy on coffee or other drinks. All our special request were met with a smile and executed thoroughly.  The "mouse" pancakes where huge and the kids loved the blueberry eyes, pineapple mouth and cherry nose!

We really enjoyed ourselves at Chompie's!
Great food all around. The pickles they give you to start have an odd taste, but are hard to put down. I normally get the Jewish sliders (not MvF style) with a side of their delicious fries. Overall very satisfied. The wait staff is very friendly and the New York atmosphere makes the experience very enjoyable. Highly recommended.
Honestly I wasn't too impressed with the food. Someone told me that the sandwiches were awesome especially their chopped liver. Firstly the menu is just humongous it took me a good 10 minutes just to scan it. On finding the chopped liver sandwich I ordered that but made the error of asking the waitress for the accompanying bread (which she suggested as rye). SO I ended up ordering the half chopped liver with rye.

The chopped liver was piled quite high but the sandwich was quite small for the 7 bucks. However I like small portions so this didn't bother me too much Mimi's across the 101 serves similar portions and I don't ind paying for it. However the combination of the sweet rye and gamey chopped liver made the sandwich rather disgusting.

Next time if I go back I'm, getting the corned beef with challlah or onion pocket.
Visited in July & September, from CA...Great Matzo Ball Soup and other favs, but both visits had a lack of service-- I can't give this place more than 3 stars.
I have never been to New York. So, I don't know how "New York" this place really is. However, the sandwiches were great!! The menu is a little overwhelming at first. There was so much food to look at, I thought I'd be there for days. But, they have a great special on Monday nights. A free Half Mile sandwich with the purchase of a Full Mile sandwich. This immediately brought our attention to that portion of the menu. He got Turkey and I got Chicken Salad both on Challah Bread and we split it. The Chicken Salad was amazing and the turkey was right off the bone like Thanksgiving leftovers. I would recommend this to anyone and plan on going back.
Went again today and actually had to leave without eating or so much as receiving coffee! This place and I just DO NOT AGREE.
Just okay.  Went for a weekday breakfast.  Spent about $9 pre tax and tip.  Got a skillet with potatoes (AWSOME!), 2 eggs, one slice of cheese, 4 slices of avocado.  I thought that was a bit pricey.  I do like that the breakfast comes with a bagel though.  I saved my onion bagel for lunch.  ;)
Yummy, huge menu! I have yet to have something that I didn't like.  Plus they give you yummy pickles when you sit down.
Let's just say maybe I ordered the wrong sandwich.  I got a veggie breakfast sandwich without the cream cheese, I said to add Muenster cheese and she had them put extra mustard and then I had to ask for my cheese, just a little mix-up.  Well they added so much mustard I had to take off one of the pieces of bread.  And I do like my mustard.  The pickles are delish and got a pound to go!!!  I also got one of my fave cookies that I ate when I got home, the big white one with the sprinkles!  LOL!  Howie likes them too.  All in all just an OK experience, nothing great nothing super bad.  You would think that maybe they would give me some dry bread to replace the mustard soaked bread, but not an option.  That's OK.  Next time I will have to get something else or try Jason's deli just across the parking lot.  I have always likes Jason's!
Had a friend tell me that this place was great!  I went there this morning for breakfast.  We have been meaning to go.  Was so not inpressed.  Service had something to be desired.  My benedict was cold, and pretty bland. 2 average meals, sm oj and milks for 35.00.  Thanks but no thanks.
Never had matzo ball soup until last year when I attended the UYE here, and now I'm swinging with the best of them.  Cant get enough of that dish (or bowl).  Totally perfect for when you're not feeling so well.  Its even great when you feel fine.

The Pastrami is great too.  My favorite sandwich is their Reuben with Pastrami (you can get it with corned beef).  Their potato pancakes are served with applesauce and sour cream.  I adore them.  And don't get me started on their fantastic Jewish Sliders.

Love Seinfeld?  You'll find many episode goodies here.  Black & white cookies (Look to the cookie Elaine), chocolate bobka (They're going in first with the last bobka), cinnamon bobka (Cinnamon takes a back seat to no bobka).
Is it me or do you get more food at this Chompie's?  My plate was huge and it was full.  I got my usual - cabbage rolls with potato pancake.  Normally I am able to finish this entire plate at the Paradise Valley and Tempe locations.  

The cabbage roll was a bit sweet and the potato pancake was dry.  I tried my friend's home fries and it didn't have much flavoring.  The glazed carrots were tasty though.  It was my first visit so maybe I should have tried the matzo ball soup instead.
I had a fantastic experience here today for lunch with 5 friends.  I got the Baja Chicken Sandwich, and it was delicious.  The veggies for the sandwich were fresh and the coleslaw was amazing.  The french fries that came with the sandwich, even though they were steak fries, were not soggy and their ranch was really good.  Some of my friends ordered breakfast which was also amazing looking, and they said it was fantastic.  The service was friendly and prompt, making it easier for all of us to enjoy our time together.  All in all great food and a great lunch out with friends!
Ahhh, this place is great.  Love love love the breakfast.  We had great service this morning.
The only problem is the bakery area.  It always seems a little disorganized back there.
disclaimer: this review and the two stars are for the chandler location ONLY! i will post a review of the tempe location along with the extra star it deserves. i grew up around authentic kosher delis and was in love with chompie''s the first time i went to the tempe location. we went past the one in chandler and decided to give it a try. the restaurant was not busy yet it took quite a while for our sever, who seemed to hate her job, to even come get our drink orders. our drinks came and then it was another 15 minutes until we got our 1/2 sandwich and soup. our waitress then disappeared. the corned beef was lukewam and a little fattier than i'm used to. the matzo ball soup was good-no bagel chips, however. the service shocked me- i'm tempted to give this a one star review since our waitress, amy, was so rude and horrible. i will still be a chompie's fan but plan to avoid the chandler location at all costs!
So I have been to all of the other Chompie's, and I must say that this one is the nicest looking one. I went here this morning with the BF and a couple of our friends for breakfast. So the coffee here is just as atrocious as at the other locations.... it is so bad. Normally I can drink a cup of coffee with only half a creamer, but here I put in two creamers and it still tasted terrible. I tried something new today and got the Cabo skillet. It has home fries with bell pepper, onion, jalapeno, cilantro, green chilis, new mexican chili, tomatoes, and scallions in it. Then they melt jalapeno jack cheese on top and put some slices of avocado on that AND it has two eggs on top which I ordered over medium. This thing was good. I mean super good! It was just the right amount of spicy, it did not need any salt and pepper (and I love salt and pepper on my eggs) and it did not need ketchup. It was pretty wonderful and huge, I couldn't eat it all. This is definitely the best thing I've ever had at chompies. Oh, so it comes with a bagel on the side, and mine was a little burnt.... but normally the bagels here are pretty good. The BF got biscuits and gravy and thought they were a bit too sweet, but I don't know about that because I don't like biscuits and gravy and didn't taste it. Our friends got a different skillet and an omelet of sorts, and both said it was really good.   Overall, this was a Chompie's win, especially in comparison to the last few times I've been and it wasn't so good. 

Also, bring back the Lovie's difficult decision! That was the best thing ever! (a piece of kugel, a latke, a blintz, and a cup of matzo ball soup.... all of my faves on one plate.)
This was my first time at Chompies, and I must say the rumors are true... Their Hot Pastrami is the absolute best in AZ. The meat literally melts in your mouth. I loved how there were several choices of bread and cheeses you could choose from. I had mine with Rye and Havarti it was sooooo delicious! I choose Cole Slaw for the side selection I was kind of disappointed about it's small size. I also ordered sweet potato fries, they were okay but I hate that they tasted like they were factory cut. I bought a piece of Red Velvet cake to-go it was okay, I like the Cheesecake factory Red Velvet better. Overall good experience I'll be back. Oh yeah I almost forgot, I ordered a Strawberry shake and they were out of the syrup they normally use to make them, so the manager actually made me one out of fresh strawberries and it was great! My waiter couldn't have been any friendlier either.
So, there's no negative stars, too bad. Tried ordering take out before actually eating there to try it - good thing, you couldn't pay me to eat here.

The only thing about the Colossal Cobb salad I ordered was the price. $10 and change for lettuce just enough to cover the bottom of the styrofoam with a sprinkle of toppings. Where'd they get their chef, Chili's? What a disappointment. All the reviews say ' a lot of food' ...for who, an infant?

I had also ordered a couple of carmelized cookies as well. Didn't know deep fried, greasy discs of oatmeal harder than concrete were called 'cookies'. Good grief, the bakery wasn't even good! Had to spit those things out before they took out a filling. 

The only good thing about Chandler Chompie's is Jason's Deli right next door.
I've been several times.  On a weekday night, they struggled with staffing.  The waitress never came by.  When I say never, her job was order and deliver only.  Not a check on us or refill.  After being done for 15 minutes, I had to walk to the hostess to get my check.  She said she would have the server get.  I told her I hadn't see the server the whole night.  Get me the check, I want to leave.

Chompies does have good food.  Just a bad experience and the manager didn't know how to handle.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!! I've only had breakfast here, but I've had their bagels, cream cheese and a few pastries. Their bagels are top notch. Whenever my sister and mom visit from Tucson, we come to Chompie's and they stock up on dozens of bagels to last them until the next time they come up. 

Since we ordered before 11am on a weekday, I got my breakfast (2 eggs, bacon and two huge pancakes) for $3.99. I checked the receipt and asked the waitress if that price was right because I couldn't fathom all that for $3.99.

I can't really speak for some of the other reviews as far as wait times, etc, because yesterday when we went for breakfast (about 10:45) we had good service, and right as we were leaving (probably 11:30 or so) it had gotten SO busy, it was so crowded we could barely get out the door. But that just tells me that everyone loves this place, I don't know why the overall rating for Chompie's is only a 3!
Well all the hype and it was a dud..1st time last time..here it goes the 4 pickles they give were ok .. Jey the server was nice. but wasn't sure if they have yoo-hoo ??wife had a 5 dollar milkshake instead like a 16oz glass that was milk and ice blended with whip cream.yes ice chunks in the shake thumbs down,Vincent Vega would have slapped Buddy Holly for that.. i had 5 town on sour dough with wedges ..wedges were awesome hot crisp and tasty..best part of the meal..got side of watered down ranch ughh ..Sandwich was huge and dove right in tasty but assembled with reckless abandon and where was the avocado NONE..i looked...Jey ask if i wanted a side , uh ya its suppose to be there,he brought out quarter of a sliced avocado..now the 2 budlight drafts i had..glass was not chilled so turned my beer warm. total disappointment..Maybe should have had breakfast.. When we left we looked at deserts and Cream cheese spreads looked good maybe we should have had desert..We will never know cause we wont be back..Oh Jey. we saw yoo-hoo in the to go case for drinks.
I am always happy when I go to the this Jewish resturant.
Yes, I am a fan of challah bread! Awsome!
I cannot believe how lucky I am to have a Chompie's down the street from  my house! If you have never been, GO NOW! This place is absolutely amazing. I have never had anything I did not enjoy.
I've only eaten here a few times but had heard a lot about Chompie's. I saw something on Food Network "Man Vs.Food" where the host had to eat 12 Jewish Sliders..I just had to try them out. One night a few months back me and my partner wanted to eat at Famous Dave's nearby. They were packed so I said I wanted to check out Chompie's. We were not disappointed. Every time I go I just get the Jewish Slider combos (3 sliders and fries)..It is delish!  My partner usually orders a sandwich or fish and chips.  The service was adequate, nothing to complain about. 

The only problem anyone had was when someone ordered ribs, they were not that good.  Save that for the bbq place. What I love is that Chompie's also has the bakery/deli counter in the front.
Chompie's - Great place to get a fantastic sandwich and they have a nice bakery too with cookies and breads.  I ordered Aaron's Choice (hot corned beef & pastrami, Swiss cheese, coleslaw and 1000 island dressing on an onion roll) and it was fantastic.  Two others in our group ordered the Original Jewish Sliders (mini challah rolls filled with moist lean brisket, mini potato pancakes, and jack cheese with a side of gravy) and they could not eat them fast enough!  Definitely check this place out! !!!!
Meh, slow. No service to speak of way too much $$ for the so so food. I walk in the front door, no one greets us. We didnt know where to sit. It was chaotic. The pastries are good, but I wont be back.
Stopped by Chompie's on a Sunday afternoon after my Niners beat the Lions. Just when I thought the day couldn't get any better, Jewish Sliders come along and prove me wrong. I remembered the guy from Man v. Food taking on the slider challenge and thought 3 sliders shouldn't be a problem. Wrong. Somehow the second slider was abnormally gigantic and I was not able to get to the third. I know, excuses, excuses...but its the truth people! If you're like me and can't finish the sliders, they taste just as great reheated later on in the day or the next day. And the fries and gravy are pretty damn good too. A must try if you venture out here for sure.
Not a true Jewish Deli.  The egg salad is terrible....so sweet.  I think it is way over priced for what you get!  I will not return.
They have really good baked potato soup, and also really good scrambled eggs and waffle with strawberries and whipped cream.

if you are Polish and see that they have pierogi on the menu, don't get your hopes up--this is a Jewish Deli and the pierogis are overdone and dry and don't taste at all like you would expect.   Same if you are Mexican and get the Albondigas soup. Not dry, but definitely an odd flavor.

They do have some sort of a "boot camp" breakfast menu. I haven't tried anything on there at all.   The lemon bars were good the first time we went, but not the 2nd; I was told it's hit or miss with the taste of those.

It's a cute restaurant chain in AZ with 4, I think, locations, and a NY Deli-type theme. There is graffiti, license plates from NY, sports pix, etc all over the walls as decoration.

Mostly we haven't gotten good service here. It's been a pleasant surprise when we have.  And if you go on a Sunday around noonish, they don't take reservations or call-ahead seating and it's normally a 25 to 40 min wait.  And if you have kids? The waitresses mostly forget to bring the cookie they get as part of their meal at the end. I didn't know about it and was surprised, and asked what was that for? She said, it's part of the kids' meal. 

oh, and if you go to the Tempe location? the manager not only doesn't care, but he can't read the handwriting of the ppl taking your name down, calls the wrong name, passes you up, and then when you ask why it's been longer than they said and ppl who came in after you are getting seated, he gives you an attitide and said he called your name repeatedly. We were sitting right there--we went nowhere, including to their bathroom, while we waited.  Not sure if he whispered my name into someone else's ear, but I'm not deaf. I heard everyone else's name being called, including "Jake" when there was no Jake. I'm pretty sure I was Jake that day, but they denied it and said there was definitely a Jake. Funny I saw no one answering them when they repeatedly called Jake and moved on to the next person on the list.  And it's really a tight squeeze in the Tempe location; the tables/booths seem a bit too close together, especially if you have a baby and need to use a high-chair.
Huge fan of the menu, there are a ton of great looking selections.  I got one of their omelettes this time around and left happy.  The food portions are huge.
Food is always awesome. Staff didn't panic when my wife has a medical emergency. Manager was beyond helpful and knew what needed to be done in this situation. These people are professionals and not just in the kitchen. Thank you again...          M
This place is Awesome. I had the chicken noodle soup tonight and it was fresh and amazing. However, my very favorite thing to get from here is a salt bagel with lox cream cheese. It is sooo good. If you go early in the morning you can get a bagel and coffee for like $4. The coffee isn't great but that's not why you go to chompies.
Great food, reasonable prices and a fun atmosphere. Everyone should come here at least once! Their breakfast is fab.
Food is always great but the service was horrible.  We sat outside because the weather was perfect but it took about 10 minutes before anyone came to our table. There was people sitting all around us but we were just ignored. Next time I want Chompie's I will be going to location in Tempe!
Quantity and quality.

I enjoy the pastrami and corned beef.  I tried their hotdog and found it very tasty.  The potatoe cakes are awesom although I dont eat them with the applesause because I just don't get that.  The fries are decent but I avoid the cole slaw and potatoe salad as I'm not a fan of the flavor profile.  The portions are very big.  My mom ordered a small chef salad and found that to be very large.  The Jewish sliders are wonderful.

They have a wonder bakery with cakes, slices of cake, cupcakes and an wonderful assortment of cookies.  

Of course they bagels, every flavor and all the fixings to go along with them.  They also sell their breads packaged for take home.
When I ate here with some friends in the middle of the afternoon we were seated in the far back corner of the restaurant.  We kind of laughed it off wondering why we were shuttled away to the dark lonely bowels of the restaurant.   I can only guess they have a weird seating chart or the waitress was being punished for some reason.  They were pretty dead so you would think they would want to keep the travel distance to a minimum.  Another group was seated about 10 minutes later across the room from us and they actually had the server move them.

The food was just average at best.  Nothing really stood out on the menu when we were ordering. I got a pretty tasteless Portabella/Goat Cheese salad.  The service we pretty slow, but it might have just been due to the 30 minute hike to our table.  Maybe I'll have to come back by for breakfast.
I love most of the food here... but PLEASE get good coffee. 

The drip coffee here is horrible and has been forever. It is watered down tasting. Maybe it is just crap/cheap coffee or they try to save money by not using enough grounds per carafe. Ether way, it is horrible.


Best hits here are any of the deli sandwiches, matso ball soup, and lox & bagel. I avoid most of the other stuff as it cannot compare in taste. Breakfasts are standard fare... nothing great, nothing horrible.
First, possibly closer to a 2.5.

Food is adequate.  Service is ALWAYS hit or miss...mostly miss.  Baked goods way overpriced.

They need to hire a manager who manages.  Right now it appears everyone just runs open loop.
Wow, that is one loud annoying perpetual hum coming from their Refrigerated Cake Display. It really permeates the whole establishment and was very annoying.  Hope someone services that thing.  This location also has consistently slow service, but good food. But, there was better service in the take-out deli.
Five stars for food and three stars for prices. I love the Ruebens (yes, they have multiple kinds of them)! I am not so much in love with the price tag. Rueben with drink, tax, and tip comes in around $15. 

That said, I have eaten at Chompie's around 30 times. I really do like the service and the food. Would recommend for others.
I have been here a few times and the food definitely keeps me coming back. One of my favorite choices is the Jewish sliders they are served on a soft roll with a thick potato pancake and juicy sliced beef then topped with cheese a a drizzle of gravy. Beware though these bad boys pack a punch in your stomach you get three to an order and I am lucky if I can eat one and half. They are super filling and be sure to upgrade to the fried onion strings and you wont regret. John likes the corned beef and pastrami sandwich (not really for my tastes). They always give you a generous portion of meat that you can barely taste the bread itself lol. Overall I think this is a great lunch spot and the service is always great.
Ordered 2 Benedicts and both were cold. Service was slow on the patio and hostess seemed kind of lost. Would give 2 stars for this visit, but they normally do so much better. Next time, I'll hit theTempe or Scottsdale location and leave another star or two.
i took my family there for lunch, and as always, the original Jewish sliders are great.  It only took us about 15 minutes to be seated, and our server was great.  The only thing I would change is the activities they have to keep kids entertained while waiting to eat.  With a 5 year old and a two year old, I can appreciate the value of a menu that they can color on while they are waiting.  The kids menus had great choices, and the chicken fingers my youngest daughter had were phenominal, but keeping them busy while we waited was tough.
Jewish Sliders, enuff said.
Friendly cheerful service despite being crazy busy on a Friday night.  I had the all-you-can eat fish and chips.  The fish batter was light and crispy, not too greasy, and the fish was tender and flavorful inside.  I did get a large bone in one of the pieces of fish I ate though : (  The fries were nice and crispy, and the coleslaw very flavorful. 

This is generally a 4 star quality restaurant for me, but minus 1 star for finding a bone in my meal.
Chompie's! I got so excited when I saw it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel we were staying at in Chandler, AZ. So, we went there for breakfast one day.

We were seated right away and were a little overwhelmed by the HUGE menu that was handed to us. We started off with coffee and were able to pick from about a million different creamers. I got the Chompie's Breakfast Sliders which were scrumptious:) Challah, potato pancake, sausage patty, fried egg and american cheese. Oh, and a side of fruit (so I didn't feel as guilty). My boyfriend got the Stuffed Pancake...lets just say I don't think he read where it said, "Extra Large". A pancake with scrambled eggs, and crispy bacon rolled burrito style. Both him and I could have shared it, it was that big.

Anyways, it was yummy and we were stuffed the rest of the day.
First, let me say that I absolutely LOVE Chompies. I work in Chandler, so they're a standby for our meetings and any trainings my company hosts. Today was my first time actually going TO this location with my friend. 

We were seated promptly, the place was clean, our server Denise was friendly, the salad I ordered was delicious . . . Until I found blonde hairs in it. VOMMMMIIIT. I showed Denise as she was about to bring out the check, and she had Bobbi the manager come out and apologize. I was comped for the meal. 

A star for service, comping the meal, and quality. See, this would be four stars . . .  but I just can't overlook the hair.  :(
First time at Chompie's this evening for dinner.  I wanted to go light and the Pastrami sandwich selections did look marvelous but I opted for the Sheila's (I think that is the name) BBQ Chicken salad instead.  This was very tasty although the price was a little overwhelming with only three strip pieces of chicken in the salad.  I think for 13 bucks a few more pieces of meat could have been offered.

The manager stopped by to mention she understood us to say this was our first visit and she mentioned the weekly specials.  Was very nice although bad timing.. we had just been served and honestly, we both just wanted to dig in already and playing pleasantries with the manager was difficult.  

We did need to ask another server for our check but I'm sure this was due to our server being spread a little thin in sections.  We left her a sizeable tip as she did deserve it in our opinion.

We left satisfied and will return again for another selection on the menu.
So, we returned for breakfast two days after going for dinner.  (dinner was good except very skimpy on meat for the price.  Three small slices of grilled chicken strips on the salad.  And the manager had to check on us just as we received our meal and pleasantries were annoying.)  

We were curious as its hard to find a decent place where we live that isn't an hour long wait looking at folks finishing up their walk of shame in appearance.  Anyway, we were told 20 minutes to be seated it was about 10 at most.  Nice location we were seated and David was our server.  He was humorous and we even joked about some dishes that crashed in the kitchen of which everybody heard.  My husband and I both ordered the Chorizo and cheese omelet which was wonderful but AGAIN a little skimpy on the meat for the price.  I found the coffee to be excellent and I exchanged my potatoes for a jalapeno and cheese bagel of which was genius in my opinion.  

So, dinner was ok, a little pricey but breakfast was pricey as well, but even more worth it.
Great breakfasts if you stick to their strengths--bagels, challah, potato pancakes, lox, etc. The breakfast sliders are fantastic, and my wife is a huge fan of the breakfast tapas.

Skip the skillets, scrambles (with the possible exception of the Leo), omelets, and regular diner fare; this really isn't where Chompie's talents lie and they've been a disappointment every time I've strayed.

Oh, and watch your step getting out of your booth. Why they thought it was wise to make you step up 6 inches to sit in them is beyond me.
This particular location isn't as busy as the location in Tempe. Why that is, I am not sure considering it is sitting across the street from the mall.

Over all the food and service is very good. Very attentive and food is HUGE! No matter what you order, it's tough to finish.

Bakery has a lot to offer anyone who comes in. Bagels are fresh in the morning, but I would not recommend purchasing after 11AM.

The cream cheese is awesome, which we brought home tonight.
Stay away from Chompie's if you're at all trying to 'watch what you eat'.. from the time you walk in and are greeted by the vast display of goodies and pastries.. to the extensive menu that offers everything from all-day breakfast dishes like challah roll french toast to mile high sandwiches, you will likely be un-successful in ordering, much less consuming something that is figure friendly.  

Well I have been eating waaay too many salads this month, so I was really hard up for some meat and some tasty animal fat... wasn't wanting to go all out, but I definitely wanted a non-salad meal, heavy with protein & animal fat.  I didn't exactly pick this place (it was more of a group decision), but it would have to do.  

Our party of 4 got seated quickly during prime Fri lunch time and commenced to read the literary novel that is their 15 page menu (ok, maybe more like 8)...  'I want some meat, a big ass hunk of meat... ooh, there's a mile-high pastrami... nah.. OOoh, how bout sliders?.. nah, too much bread..  fish?...ooh, they have all-you-can-eat fish & chips today???... FOCUS April! you're looking for MEAT... alright... maybe a burger?.. yeah.. gluten free bread?.. hmm.. not bad.. why not?.. oh yeah, AND with BACON on it.. and some cheese!'  There! I had gone through all my meat-options on the menu and settled on a huge bacon cheese-burger with a Gluten-Free bun and side of sweet potatoes.  

When the order came up, it was ginormous!  Actually, ALL our orders were huge plates, plentiful with fries and those who got mile-highs were also stacked high with sandwich meat.  We all walked out stuffed and some with to-go boxes.  I tried the fish & chips and it was decent (not better than the fish I've had at FIbbers, but decent).  I wasn't underwhelmed with my Gluten-free bun.  It was tall and had a small diameter (like a muffin), so it was very awkward to eat it as the 'bun' when the huge diamater meat patty hung over... so I just removed it and had the patty, bacon, and cheese solo.. and of course some fries.  BTW, their fries were, across the plates at our table, soggy and not crisp (my table partners didn't like that, but I love soggy fries, so I can't complain.. apparently, soggy is not the popular vote for fries).

All in all: quick seating at lunch time, friendly waitress did her job, manager came by to great us, food was huge portions, soggy fries, odd GF bun, great selection of deserts, overwhelming lunch menu... immediate lunch food coma.
Always too much food!  Try the chicken finger wrap with ranch. Yum!  Pierogies are huge too and well worth it!
Every since I saw this place on Man vs. Food  I wanted to go there to try the jewish sliders, and I tell you it was worth the wait great tasting sliders and I recommend the sweet potato fries I also got a order of the turkey sliders wow they were so good, it was like having thankgiving leftovers they even put in cranberry sauce on the challah roll. Had great service and a awesome bloddy mary.
Love the sliders.
I've been wanting to try Chompies for awhile since I was born in Philly and have been to NYC several times. It was a rocky start, which dropped them from a 5 to 4 stars, but overall, the experience was great.

First, we arrive around 11:30am and there are a few people waiting. There were 2 hostesses and 1 server (I think) standing there chatting amongst themselves. They didn't greet us or acknowledge us at all. I finally said EXCUSE ME do we seat ourselves or how does this work? The hostess took our name and said it would be a 10-15 min wait, which I thought was strange since it wasn't very crowded at all. 

We did end up waiting 10 mins and were finally seated. Hostesses = fail.

Our server, Roxy, was AWESOME. The menu is so long and there are so many choices. Being our first time there, I had about a zillion questions and she was very patient and explained everything thoroughly, made suggestions, really helped us feel comfortable with the menu. She brought out everything so fast. I asked for a different drink because I didn't like the Arnold Palmer I ordered, and she brought a replacement in no time. We needed extra plates, and extra set of utensils because my 3 year old dropped his, and Roxy was on it. At the end of the meal Foxy brought my.kids 2 huge cookies (she asked permission first). Really great service.

On to the food...

To start they brought us 2 kinds of pickles - kosher and sour. Both were really good and crunchy. After pouring over the menu we finally decided on the Nova Lox bagel plate and the Dave's deli eggs benedict. Wow! First of all, these plates are HUGE. Don't expect to finish your meal. I was impressed with my bagel and lox plate. Served very traditionally - red onion, capers, cucumber...everything was so fresh and crisp...heaven! The smoked salmon aux really good flavor and texture. And the bagel...very fresh, toasted perfectly, really tasty, as was the cream cheese. Awesome execution of one of my traditional favorites. My husband had the Dave's deli eggs benedict which was perfect because it combined a lot of things we wanted to try- corned beef hash, latkes, eggs benedict - it really all came together beautifully. Great flavor. My kids split a kids meal - bagel and cream cheese and fresh fruit.

In short, the service and food were outstanding. I will definitely be back. And if they tighten up the front of the house and get their hostesses in check, I wouldn't hesitate to give this place 5 stars all the way.
For Breakfast:

Well I decided to try Chompies for breakfast today and I got portobellas again so I must be a gluten for punishment.  I was actually seated in the front today which was cool and my waitress was very nice, but the eggs benedict was not what I was expecting.  The Portobello Benedict is more expensive than all but the one with lox which was kinda sad since I am vegetarian.  They have departed from the standard eggs benedict with not a appealing result.  It comes on a bagel that is supposed to be toasted which is wasn't. So it was cold and chewy and a whole lot of bread in comparison to the rest of the toppings. They also decided to add cheese to all of the different combos which when you combine it with the hollandaise is not a good thing.  And there were only two tiny pieces of mushroom on the whole plate.... so I am not sure what I was charged extra for. Very disappointing there are far better eggs benny in the area ( see my other reviews )  Maybe this place is just not for vegetarians.  If you do go and order the eggs benedict do yourself a favor and get the english muffin ( tell them to toast it ) and skip the cheese.

For Lunch:

When I ate here with some friends in the middle of the afternoon we were seated in the far back corner of the restaurant.  We kind of laughed it off wondering why we were shuttled away to the dark lonely bowels of the restaurant.   I can only guess they have a weird seating chart or the waitress was being punished for some reason.  They were pretty dead so you would think they would want to keep the travel distance to a minimum.  Another group was seated about 10 minutes later across the room from us and they actually had the server move them.

The food was just average at best.  Nothing really stood out on the menu when we were ordering. I got a pretty tasteless Portabella/Goat Cheese salad.  The service we pretty slow, but it might have just been due to the 30 minute hike to our table.  Maybe I'll have to come back by for breakfast.
This was my first time in a Chompie's and first impressions are lasting impressions for me. Let me break this down for you...

We entered the restaurant and it was very busy but we didn't have to wait long to be seated and we did get a nice booth. The menu is vast that's the only way I could put it for my first time there I was just overwhelmed by the choice's they offered. I ended up getting the Cajun Chicken, my grandmother had a Meatloaf sandwich both came with potato fries. My Cajun Chicken which was supposed to be HOT was delicious but it was less than mild. My grandmother said her meatloaf wasn't very flavor full, I didn't try it but I would take her word for it. The restaurant was very loud and my grandmother is 80 years old so it was difficult for her to converse with me. 

The portions are huge neither of us were able to finish our plates, I personally don't care for giant portions. You will be assaulted with food at every turn in this place which makes sensible choices difficult. Chompies, honestly, it reminded me of an upscale Denny's. Better food, but atmosphere was exactly the same... If you've ever been in a typical Denny's you'll know exactly what that comparison means. Our server wasn't the best, we felt neglected at times and she was very pushy for us to hurry and place our order. 

Overall, my first impression of Chompies was not a good one and I'm still on the fence about weather or not I would return.
I have been to the Tempe location of Chompies many times but have been wanting to go the the Chandler location as it is much closer to where I live. Since we have family in town, we decided to take them here the other night so they could sample all of the awesome. 

We went for dinner around 6:30p on Saturday night and I was moderately surprised to see that they were quite slow for the time of night. We were promptly seated by a very bubbly hostess. Our waiter came by shortly later and was equally friendly. There were 3 adults and 2 children in our party and we split 2 meals between us. The meals are HUGE!!! We ended up with leftover after sharing the 2 meals 5 ways!!!

We ordered the Jewish sliders and the Monte Cristo Sandwich. Both were very good, but the Jewish sliders were REALLY something special. My husband is Jewish and was raised eating his grandmothers authentic Jewish cooking. He said that the sliders taste just like something his grandmother used to make.

Our server was very responsive and anticipated refills that were needed. The meal seemed to take longer to make then I anticipated considering how slow they were. Since we didn't have anything else going on we didn't mind the wait. 

Bottom line:

* Food is awesome and authentic to NY and the Jewish style cooking.
* Not a great place to go if you are in a rush


We will definitely be returning to Chompies for more of their Jewish sliders in the near future!
My first time to patronage this establishment.  Service with Amanda was excellent, food just OK (hot pastrami).  Will give it another try, looking for that one dish I can always count on when THE taste hits me!  

For all my military buddies, they discount 20% with your military ID card.
I saw it on Man vs. Food, so I had to try it.  But, it was so-so.  I think the food was better than the "Denny's" comment below, but the service really left a lot to be desired.  We came in after lunch was over, and I think we got stuck between servers coming and going.  That does not make it alright, but I am trying to be objective.

The biggest complaint - OVERPRICED!!!!  $70 for lunch for 5 is stupid expensive.  The portions are really big, but taking a to-go box in Phoenix in the summer just isn't possible.  I would rather have paid less and gotten half as much food.

As to the sliders - they were good, but a little overrated.

All in all, I went, I don't hate it, but I am not hurrying to go back.
Want great food? This is the place! I was originally turned on to Chompie's when I saw it on Man Vs Food and I have been back multiple times. The Original sliders are the best! They are full of flavor and you will be more than satisfied with the taste and amount of food offered.

I have had all the sliders and Original are the best. That said, you can't go wrong with any of their breakfast choices, but the stuffed french toast is more like a dessert than anything.

Delish... Takes me back to NYC..

If you're not sure about the sliders then go on Tuesdays when they offer the all you can eat sliders for $9, but good luck putting down more than 4!
As in any joint of this type, you pay for the ambiance. Nevertheless, 

the artichoke spinach dip was what you'd expect,
my corned beef reuben was quite good, and 
the red velvet cake was a sponge of sweetness.

My waitress was superb.
Great food great people if you have not been here your life is not yet complete..
The waitress we had here was horrible.  The bus boy gave us more attention than she did.  I say give him her job!  The food was OK nothing spectacular, a little over priced, but you are paying for the ambiance I guess.
I would like to write an update on my original review.  I was actually contacted by someone in customer service yesterday on my initial experience at this location.  They stated they were concerned on how my experience was and they were going to turn it over to the proper management team.  That in my eyes truly does deserve another visit and another star on top of that.  It's nice to see a company reading these reviews and taking action.
I have a sweet spot for Kosher deli, and Chompie's satisfies that spot flawlessly. Their menu has somethng for everyone, even the picky eaters like my best friend, although my personal favorite is the beef brisket on whole grain. If I lived closer, I would eat that so much I would proably turn into beef brisket. They have a dessert counter that I dare you to walk by without desperately wanting to buy yourself a treat, I'm a big cannoli person and their cannolis are some of the best I've ever had. If you're a big deli person I highly recommend this place.
Went to Chompies at the Chandler Mall today.  It is the second time I have been to this location.  We were seated right away and went ahead and ordered right after we received our drinks.

We waited for a very long time for our lunch to come.  I ordered a chef salad with the fat free honey mustard dressing.  When I looked in my dressing, there was this lump of something in it.  I poured it onto my bowl and it looked like a long rubbery lugie (sp?) or snotty thing.  I was immediately grossed out and was trying to find our waitress to help me out.  We hadn't seen our waitress in a very long time - we even had to call her over a couple of times for refills.  Well, she never came so then we saw the hostess coming by, so we grabbed her and showed her what was on my plate.  She made this horrible face and said she would take it away.  The manager came over after that and said he would expedite another one and tried to explain that the dressings come in a large gallon bucket and so that was rubbery ball was in the gallon of dressing (I actually own a restaurant that serves salads and have never come across something like that in 18 years).  

Well, after 15 minutes I finally got another salad.  When we were all done eating, the waitress brought our check to us.  On the bottom of the check it said that there was a comp for a salad for $9.99.  I thought this was a great way to remedy the problem (again, owning a restaurant myself, I would have done the same thing).  HOWEVER, when looking over the entire bill - Chompies staff/manager went ahead and charged me for TWO salads, comping only ONE them!  This way, it looked like they were comping the salad, but they really got paid for it!  We only ordered ONE salad!!

We asked the manager who was standing by our booth, if he meant to charge us for two salads, taking only one of our bill.  He was a bit stunned!  What a sneaky way to do business.  We payed the bill in full and WILL NEVER RETURN!!!!!!
We decided to try this for breakfast after getting our Christmas pictures done.  Big mistake.  It took awhile to be seated even though there were a lot of tables available.  We got drinks pretty quickly but refills on the coffee were non existant even after I placed both cup on the end of our table.  My husband ordered a ham and cheese omelette and asked for the hash brown w/out onions, I ordered the spanish omelette and asked for the onion to be cooked or left out.  It took forever to get our food and when it arrived my husbands hash browns were cold and loaded with onions.  Mine the onions were raw.  My daughter had a bagel and fruit that was fine but how can you mess that up.  On top of everything it was a litle on the pricey side.  We will NEVER go back again!
I've gone here twice and had good experiences both times. Service is a litle slow so I wouldn't come here if you are in a hurry. But, what I would recommend is to come here and enjoy the extreme deliciousness that is Chompies.

I've had the Jewish sliders (which are incredible!), the knish, cheese blintz, pastrami sandwich and the chicken matzo ball soup. MUST HAVE THE MATZO BALL SOUP!! I did feel quite full after sharing a large bowl though so prepare for a lot of soup. The knish I had was the potato and onion. I liked it but it was very one note after a while. I had a few bites of my boyfriends mile high pastrami sandwich on challah bread and it was divine!! The challah bread was sweet and amazing and the pastrami was perfect! The blintz is a good sweet dish but also savory. Probably wouldn't come here if you are on a diet.

Prices are decent, decor is cool and the bakery walking in/out is amazing. They also serve Dr. Brown, which is great soda if you've never had it. Good food, good location, good experiences. Will be back!
Was in Zona for a wedding and went on the hunt for a breakfast joint. Settled on Chompie's and was not disappointed. I had the Athens skillet which was tasty. However, it was loaded with garlic, so be forewarned if you plan on making out with some hottie after breakfast! I also tried a pumpkin bagel which was delicious with plain cream cheese. I think the pumpkin cream cheese would have been overkill. Till next time!
I ordered the Baja Burger. I said Baja Burger. When the food came, it looked like chicken. I said, "I ordered a burger." The waitress replied, "It's a chicken burger." Being the reasonable person I am, I assumed I hadn't been paying attention (which has been known to happen) and wondered to myself why they'd put a 'chicken burger' in the burger section. I mean, I read the description - it said nothing about being chicken. Whatever, it looked good so I chalked it up to me not paying attention and let it go. The 'chicken burger' was delicious. So good. I was very pleased.

The service was pretty slow, especially after we got our food. The hostess cleared our plates and we waited patiently - for who knows how long - for our waitress to come back by. She finally dropped the check, at which point we waited a while longer - long enough for me to take a leisurely trip to the restroom - before she finally came back by to retrieve the check and run my card.

On the way to the restroom, I passed the kitchen where I saw the waitress either doing her sidework or checking out others' sidework. Either way, I had my answer as to why the service slowed to a crawl.

Oh, and on that check was printed, "Baja Chicken Sandwich." I checked the menu on my phone to make sure I wasn't losing my mind. I wasn't.

I said burger.
I came here a couple of weeks ago and was very surprised at how great everything was - from the service to the food to the diverse menu. To begin, we were given pickles as a bit of an appetizer for free. The manager came to our table a couple of times to check on us, and she was very sweet and informative. She suggested that we try an Arnold Palmer with pink lemonade and iced tea which was absolutely delicious. I ordered a cheeseburger with onion rings and my mom ordered a chicken ranch sandwich - both of which were were very tasty. Right before we left, we stopped by the inside bakery and ordered some cookies which were also very delicious and affordable. The overall experience at this location was amazing, you can definitely tell that customer service is definitely at its prime here.
Great place to get a fantastic sandwich and they have a nice bakery too with cookies and breads.  I ordered Aaron's Choice (hot corned beef & pastrami, Swiss cheese, coleslaw and 1000 island dressing on an onion roll) and it was fantastic.  Two others in our group ordered the Original Jewish Sliders (mini challah rolls filled with moist lean brisket, mini potato pancakes, and jack cheese with a side of gravy) and they could not eat them fast enough!  Definitely check this place out!
Dirty restaurants....broken bathrooms...most of the food is just ok. Just go to a Denny's if this is what you want and pay less. Otherwise Arizona has plenty of other much better breakfast restaurants to choose from. I guess when you have absentee owners or ones that cheap out...this is what you get. Go to the US Egg, Daily Dose, or Breakfast Club in Scottsdale instead.
Decent enough!
Everything we've had here has been delicious! It's a certain type of food--if you don't like strong flavors and sauces, maybe it won't be for you, but we think it's fantastic. 

The appetizers are good--try the homemade chips with onion dip, or the onion straws. Both are fantastic but start filling you up fast. The sandwiches are awesome--I've tried the reuben and the pastrami. Whatever sauerkraut they use is delicious and not too strong. My wife has also tried the french toast, and it was decadent. Definitely at least two meals' worth. They also have a lot of gluten-free items, including desserts, in case you are with someone with an intolerance or allergy.

The service is mostly good, but a bit slow for my tastes. The last time we visited, our server would disappear for long periods of time, which can be inconvenient for some.
My family came in from out of town and we went down and had breakfast not one day but four days out of the six they were here. When you go in ask for David.   David was awesome, he never let the coffee cup get below half full.  My dad and I were debating on the corn beef hash and he even brought a sample for us to try before we both ordered.  Through out the week we had several different items off the menu, potatoe latke, the french toast, bagels, and even some items from the bakery, and never dissapointed.  

This is a night and day experiance from the Tempe Chompies, that store could learn a few things from Chandler.
Okay sandwiches but the To Go counter help needs to be trained better.  Really have no clue about their own restaurant..and when a bubbie is picking like a 1000 different cookies for passover..maybe get some help so orders can be taken.
For a white/hispanic/german dude this place was OFF THE HOOK GOOD!! It matched all my taste buds needs. The jewish sliders are so tasty with the fries and gravy. Our server David was really great and funny and kept our drinks full. The cookies at the counter kept the kids enthralled and the prices, great food and great service kept me more than thrilled.
Jewish sliders are really good, will try the BBQ sliders next time. Good service, this dinning location is smaller than the one Tempe but nonetheless, great place to eat.
Very good food, however it is spendy. There is a deal for Veterans though right now, take your DD214 or something that says you are a Vet and they will give you 50% off.
Sorry to all of you Chompie fanatics, but I have two words to describe this place...EPIC DISAPPOINTMENT! Have heard so many good things about this place from friends, even Adam Richmond (Man vs Food) said it was good. Where to start....I love a good rueben so I ordered the Granpa Rudy with corned beef instead of pastrami, $14.99. The most tastless sandwhich I have ever eaten. The corned beef had NO flavor at all, the cheese was tastless and I am not sure if it even had dressing. It doesn't matter how much corned beef you pile on a sandwich, if it's tastless all you have is a big pile of tastless meat! My gf ordered the sliders. Again the brisket (I think thats what it was suppose to be) was bland as anything, the gravy was so heavy it ruined everything and the potato cakes were burnt, greasy and tasted like they were old. I even took some photos but refuse to post them and give Chompies free advertising. This was a "been-there-done-that" moment. Won't be back.
This is for those who have to eat Gluten Free (like me; due to Celiac Disease)...
They have a GF Friendly Menu, and yes it does even say the kitchen CAN CROSS-CONTAMINATE...which we all know is a risk, but I got so excited to see GF waffles, I just had to try them.  Sadly, within 10min of eating the quite delicious, supposed GF, waffles I had to run to the bathroom & lots my food in a public bathroom (NOT a fun experience).  

The truly disheartening part was how things were then handled by Management... 
As I exited the bathroom with a "flushed" face & pain in my abdomen my waiter saw me & asked if I was ok...I told him no, as I had just tossed my cookies in the bathroom & suspected the GF waffles to not be so GF!  
I returned to my table where my friends were waiting & said we needed to leave as I was ill... They had already paid the bill.  Then as we are exiting the Manager stops me to let me know the GF waffle iron is by itself & not used otherwise.  I graciously tried to say "things happen" & asked they watch more carefully... 
  NEVER did the Manager offer any consideration in the form of a partial refund, a gift certificate to come back, ANYthing that would try to retain me as a customer!!

I understand food allergies are hard to deal with, but the lack of effort by the Manager this Saturday morning was laughable.  

I will not be back & caution ANY GLUTEN FREE peeps to steer clear!
Good food.service not so good waiter sounded tired as if he wanted to go home instead of working
Delicious pastrami sandwiches. Split one because they are huge. Had a nice large multiple ingredient salad that was rather tasteless but somehow very satisfying... Go figure.  The knish was weird, not one seen in my New York days.  I think the place is really cute and the service top notch.
Cons: pricey
I was in need of a comfort food fix and to me that means Delicatessan... Chompies was close by and most of the reviews looked good so I gave it a try.

My waiter Dane was very nice and service was great.

I started with matzo ball soup and wasn't dissapointed although I did find a bone in mine I wasn't turned off or upset, in fact it proved that they make the soup from real chickens not just store bought broth and it tasted like it...yummy.  I also had the hot pastrami which was tasty as well.  

I would definitely retuen when in Phoenix.
Food was meh. But the service was five star excellent! Thanks to David T. for making us comfortable eating out with our children.
I'd probably give this place 3.5 stars, so for the sake of yelp, I'll round up.  They have a nice big menu with tons to choose from for any meal of the day.  While I've enjoyed the food and have had friendly service, I'm just not excited about the place.  The pastry display at the front of the store is beautiful and definitely piques your interest, but I'd say it's 1/3-1/2 full of butter cookies and while butter cookies are good, how excited can you get about them?  The prices are a little high, but then kids eat free on Tuesday.
I've only been here once, but I have a feeling that after another trip or two, this 4 star review would likely become a 5. 

The bagels were fabulous.

We had some of the Thanksgiving Sliders with turkey, cranberry sauce, perfectly grilled potato pancakes and turkey gravy on the side; they were fantastic!
One word...awesome! Chompies is authentic, the food delicious, and the service prompt and friendly. We eat breakfast here every sunday. I highly recommend the classic french toast and for lunch or dinner the Jewish sliders are amazing!
Yes five stars says it all, Chompies is my bagel retreat.  This place has all your kosher goods and we are talking about breakfast through dinner options.  Black and White cookies, check!
I have been to each of the Chompies locations, this one is my favorite, but all of them have had great service and fantastic food.

I love that they have potato pancakes, which is the first thing I ever ordered from them and they didn't dissappoint!  They even give you apple sauce for them, which rarely happens places.

The smoked salmon is delicious and is my current favorite things are the ones that have it on it.  

I'm not a big fan of the complimentary pickles they bring to the table...they just aren't pickley enough for me, they kind of just taste like cucumber that have sat in vinegar for a little while.
Great food and service. I had the meatloaf. The portion was big, and really tasty. I had mashed potatoes, and glazed carrots. They were fresh and tasty. Then, I had to grab a few pastries. I had a small eclair and it was awesome. The service staff were very friendly, the place was nice and clean, the restrooms were clean. It reminded me of a deli in Manhattan and a diner in upstate were mixed. I will be back for a pastrami sandwich, and breakfast.
This was our second visit to a Chompie's Deli, only because our first was so fabulous!  The portions are huge and their sandwich combinations are really really good!  The food is always flavorful, abundant, and of good quality. 

Both visits, to 2 different Chompie's, have given us friendly and excellent service. Prices are on the higher side, but you absolutely get what you pay for. 

We would not hesitate to seek out a Chompie's next time we drive through Arizona.
No, honey, you're not in New York, Chicago, or L.A.

See those tanlines on your thighs? Yes, you're in Arizona.

Your backsweat confirms this.

Out of the car, sexy. It's time for lunch.

Nope. Definitely NOT Brooklyn.

NevertheWoodyAllenless, Chompie's does a wonderful Jewish deli impression.

Wait! Not an impression. It's the real, cop-a-feel deal Holyfield.

There's a meat market near the entrance, with acres of sausage (heyooo!) and a bakery for takeout, with all the usual delicatessen suspects. Off to the side (not a sideshow so much as it's the main event) is a brightly lit, "don't even think of comparing us to Applebee's" casual, sit-down restaurant. 

Whether gorging at home or in public, Chompie's is your Heavenly, Hebrew enabler in case your "I only eat healthy chick food" waistline has a deathwish.

What a way to go, ho!

- fantastic soups of the day
-  salad, done right (as in, mostly dressing, cheese and [chosen meat], with a token 
   offering of lettuce
- sandwiches that consist of a huge platter of meat with a couple of triangles of toast 
   hidden somewhere beneath
- gravy, Gravy, GRAVY
- pickles. On EVERYTHING.
- French fries that are served in portions large enough to share with everyone at your 
   table, or at least one very fat man.
- attentive servers that aren't snooty or b*tchy or ignorey (not a word, but whatever)

The only possible drawback is the slightly Disneylandish pricing of the food, but meh, it's not really Futureland-bad. 

And anyway, would you rather have a $15 Mickey Mouse pencil topper that you'll end up losing in your P.E. locker under a bunch of socks, or a $15 Reuben sandwich that can feed an African nation for the foreseeable future?

'Sactly.

Oh, and mom called.

She said f*ck your diet.
This was recommended to me by a friend.  He is no longer my friend lol..


-Cheers-.
The burgers here are delicious. The price is relatively good. They have a bakery with some amazing treats. The environment inside is nice and they have TVs with sports playing usually. They give you free pickles and bread while you wait. The service is decent.
Got here about 2:30 and got seated right away. They brought a bowl of pickles over and I have to say after three refills, it still wasn't enough (loved them)!
They food took about 15 min and when it came there was a lot of it. My wife got the Monte Cristo and she really enjoyed it. The strawberry jam had whole mini strawberries in it, good stuff.
I ordered the Jewish sliders and these were really good. The meat was tender and delicious, the potato pancake was perfect and the hola bread was very flavorful. I should have ordered the coleslaw because with the fries it was way to much starch (next time).
Our server Beth was very attentive and we will be back, do that the menu has a million things to choose from.
We went with 6 people and ordered many different meals.  Here's a summary...  
Pros:  Food was amazing!  Good portion size.  Excellent pastrami!  Bagels were perfectly toasted.  Syrup was the best we've ever had!  French toast was cooked well on the outside and soft on the inside - "so good!"  We were in a rush and it was only 35 minutes from the time we were seated until we left - the waitress was very accommodating!  Potatoes had very flavorful seasoning.
Cons:  It took a long time to get a table for 6 people (not crowded on a Tuesday at noon).  The waiting area was very warm.  Our waitress had a cold and wiped her runny nose on her hand.
Great bagels, amazing pickles, and decent prices. The staff here is always friendly. The bakery has a huge selection for treats to take home. I love Chompies for breakfast. Try one of their eggs Benedict plates. You won't be disappointed.
Visited 8/2/13.

It has been a while since I have been to Chompie's.  Long before I was involved in Yelp. 

This was a pleasant change. I had order of sliders which were excellent.  I could never finish the challenge!!  Also had Clam Chowder which was very good. Ordered a "cup" expecting a small cup and got what I would call a "bowl."

Looking forward to my return for the Monte Cristo. 

Great comfort Deli type food.
I love Chompies! I come here about 2 times a month. It's the only Jewish deli in my area. I have to admit that sometimes the service is less than stellar but the food is always good.....
Food is okay. Service is okay. Dcor is okay. Tables/booths are okay. What else can I say, but Chompie's is just okay.
Wow. What an excellent breakfast. I had Van Wyck Expressway skillet and would have licked it clean if it was socially acceptable. Wife had Blake's Cheese Blintzes (one cheese and one blueberry). She stated it was perfect. My sister had Granny Girls skillet, cleaned it up.  Mom had the breakfast of champions (scrambled eggs and pancakes). Very fluffy pancakes and moist eggs.   

Wait staff was friendly and attentive (nice job Tracy R.)

Highly recommended.
Disclaimer: I really tried to give Chompies a chance. For really reals. I give it one star for the tasty pickles given before the meal.

First off, the menu is way too long and overly complicated. Too many choices! I watched the other diners also pore over their menus in befuddlement. I had to make a snap decision or I could've read that novel all night. 
Seeing the famous original Jewish sliders (featured on Food Network's Man vs. Food so they MUST be good, right??) I made my decision. And they come with gravy, which should always be a win-win. 
I also ordered the matzo ball appetizer and tried the potato knish. Both were mostly flavorless, greasy, and tasted frozen. The matzo app was served with a ranch dipping sauce (WHY??!) and the potato knish was a small, lonely loaf of deep-fried sadness. The rest of the meal was even more disappointing. The sliders came out very quickly-- much too quickly to be freshly made. They came with a side of potato wedges, which tasted rather stale and definitely was frozen. The sliders were larger than expected, but the buns were heavily greased and required multiple napkins throughout the meal. The brown gravy served on the side as well as on the sliders was nothing to write home about either -- tasted like any other gravy, I guess if you like that powdered gravy mix taste. 
I'm not sure what kind of meat was on the sliders... Beef? I'm guessing so as its supposed to be a Jewish style/New York delicatessen. Upon further inspection, the "beef" had a strange iridescent sheen, a telltale sign of suspect meat. 

Long story short, I ate what I could of this sad meal and begrudgingly paid for the $30 + bill for food that I didn't like, not even one bit. The baked goods/gleaming dessert counter on the way out didn't even call to me, as I was already feeling disgusting and ashamed of my carb-and-grease loaded meal. Me turning down cannoli? Yeah, that's pretty bad.
I was very excited about eating here, especially after seeing all the goodies in the bakery cases- just like back east!

We went for a nice lunch on a Saturday.  Our waitress was over stretched with all the tables.  She was very nice but service was slow- not her fault.  The hot sandwich had to be returned because it was ice cold, the salad was runny, My matzo ball soup was very good, and so was everything else once it arrived. Everything took forever to get, including the check.  She did take the salad off, but it took 20 minutes for her to return with the corrected check....over 2 hours later, lunch was over.

Went to get some pastries from the bakery and stood at the register while they bakery girls stood talking and didn't acknowledge me.  Tried a mini cannoli for $2.50.  The shell was soggy, like it was made yesterday.  A soggy shell is a major slip up.  Thought the pastries were over priced.

Wil I try them again, probably, but not anytime soon.  Was very  disappointed.
What is going on?  Tonight out of rolls for Aarons sandwich, the substitute stale.  Sheila BBQ chicken salad had the worst rubber chicken .  You will lose customers if you serve that rubber chicken.  Ick.  This was a take out order.  Just makes me doubt if I will return.  Tell me something, it just seems to have expanded too quick and quality is suffering.
Went for brunch today...had the Biltmore Benedict.
For those of you that don't know its a spin on the traditonal bene. It's lox & sauted onions instead of ham.
The portion was huge. I chose home fries but fruit is an option. I wanted something different and i got it. It was hot and flavorful. This was my first visit and headed in with a Reuben in mind but breakfast is served until 3pm.
Thier claim to fame is NYC deli foods/bakery.
My server at the bar was friendly and effecient despite waiting tables as well. Pricing is moderate. I can only give 3 stars having only tried 1 thing 1 time but will go back.
Just tried Chompies first time Arizona eggs Benedict was great and potato pancake was even better. Sue was our waitress very nice and her service was outstanding.
Never had a bad meal. Whenever we family from out of town Chompies is a must visit!

The Original Jewish Sliders are amazing! Not in the mood? No problem, the corned beef sandwich and Matzo Ball soup will hit the spot! Don't forget to grab a black and white cookie on the way out the door!!
I have tried Chompie's 3 times that will probably be all for me.  today it was a half turkey sandwich, soup and slaw.

The slaw of ok but tiny.  The chicken noodle was way to heavy on celery and light on carrots and onion.  

The turkey sandwich was a giant pile of turkey on thin torn bread, there was no balance and no spread.  The turkey itself was cooked and sliced decently but it was under seasoned.  

I don't get the love for this place.
I have been to the Tempe location a few times in the past but never to this location. They have really good everything. Sandwiches and breakfast items. They have a lox and bagel platter for two that is great. Their pastrami sandwiches are awesome. So good. We have ordered sandwiches for meetings for work from here and at lest one person has be come addicted to them.
This time I had been craving pancakes for awhile and I had some time off and was looking for a good place to fulfill my craving. I remembered Chompie's had good pancakes. So off I went. What a great choice. I got the Breakfast of Champions which is two pancakes, eggs and bacon. I also got a side of sourdough toast. Boy did that hit the spot. It was so good I ate all of it. Don't think I ate anything else the rest of the day. The pancakes were nice and fluffy just what I had been craving.
They also bring out a pickle sampler plate with some new pickles and regular pickles. They are so good.
I will definitely be back to order more bagels, lox, pancakes, sandwiches and everything. Oh the pastries in the case are to die for too if you have any room left.
Apparently everything my husband has been missing since I took him out of the North East six years ago.  He is no longer allowed to go alone.
The food was tasty but this place is not friendly to people who open carry. The manager said "no guns allowed, it's posted out side". I told him no problem and went and secured my weapon but, upon closer inspection, found no signage anywhere stating that it was a gun-free zone. After I went back inside I saw a small sign hidden behind bottles of booze at the bar, well inside the establishment. WTF! Your food is the only thing that saved this from a one star rating.
Their food is amazing blintzes are so yummy filled with ricotta cheese and their corned beef sandwich is amazing. Only order half of it because its a HUGE sandwich! 
Their servers are really good too, very nice and helpful!
Their desserts in the display cases look so delicious!!! 
My husband and I will definitely be back!!!!
Just moved to the area and stopped in a couple weeks ago with a friend who moved here in July. The corned beef Reuben was piled high and delicious! Our waitress was prompt and courteous! I'll be back in with my boyfriend!
It's hard to judge a restaurant based on a single visit with a large group, but service was so awful at this Chompie's that there is no way I would ever make the drive to meet anyone at this location again.

A friend of mine was in town but only had limited time to meet up, so a group of about 15 people (plus three small children) decided to meet for lunch.  We did the smart thing and called ahead to let them know that such a large party was planning to dine there at 1:30.  We were seated in a "party room" which had a TV, fireplace, and plenty of room, which was nice, but it also was dirty.  Three tables had previous diners' dirty dishes and cutlery left on them.  The floor hadn't been swept.  And, one busser stopped in and cleaned off only one of those table during the two hours we were stuck in there.

So now for the real problem...  We were seated in this dirty room and after a few minutes a waiter came in.  We all ordered food and drinks.  It became very obvious the one server assigned to our group was overwhelmed.  It must have been at least 10 to 15 minutes before we started to see any of those drinks.  I don't know how long it takes to pour drinks for 15 people, but couldn't someone at least bring some pitchers of water and glasses during that time?  Drinks finally arrived.  Then nothing.  It was an hour later when some pickles were brought to the table.  I'm not joking.  An hour later and our meals still weren't ready.  It was 2:30 in the afternoon.  I was planning on being at least getting ready to pay my bill by that time.  Fortunately, none of the kids were complaining, but at least make sure they got their orders in a fair amount of time.  Everyone was hungry.  Neither the server nor the food were anywhere to be seen.  When our orders finally arrived at 3:00, the trays were placed on one the still dirty tables (a few of us noticed, but everyone was too hungry to complain).  The saving grace was that none of the orders were wrong.  The waiter was smart enough to bring free cookies with the bill, but the only reason none of us got a manger and complained was because it was nearly 3:30 and we all had places to go and just wanted to get out.

The one redeeming part of the visit is that the food is the same as every other Chompie's.  Which is excellent.  The ambiance is modern instead of old fashion deli.  But the service was a complete fail.  They knew a big group was coming, if they were unable to accommodate us, they should have warned us.
Came for breakfast with my family around 8 this morning. Menu is large with three pages of breakfast items alone. I however chose to have non-breakfast (cup of vegetarian split pea soup and a half lite albacore sandwich). It was nice that lunch was available that early. Portions are quite generous. My brother had the biggest pastrami/corned beef/brisket sandwich I've ever seen. I submitted a picture. He loved it. Our server was prompt and steady. 
What compelled me to write this review was the bakery/deli section on the other side of the restaurant. I submitted a picture too. Dessert selection was great and everything looked delicious. I asked about a decadent looking chocolate cake and the very nice man running the deli took out a slice and gave me a large piece to sample. Then he gave me another chocolate pastry he thought I may like. After that I didn't need dessert! But we bought a few pastries to take home including a very intricate minion cake. This gentleman was so friendly. I think that is a great way to get people's business. All the desserts we brought home were very good. If I lived here I would come back again and again for the desserts alone.
I came here with my girlfriend on Christmas night.   She ordered the pastrami sandwich and I ordered the monte Christo,  both of which were delicious.   I highly recommend Chris as a waiter.   He was super accommodating.
Picked this place to celebrate a birthday.   I thought it was tasty.  Portions are huge so you can share if you're in to that.  We all ordered different things and it all looked so GOOD.
Great service and great coffee! Went there at 7am and my party was the only one there but the staff was very attentive and friendly.
This is a Man vs. Food stop, so I had the man vs. food menu item and the special bread it was on was dry, the meet was good but the latka was tasteless.  I would say this place is just OK.
Food is good but the wait time for a larger party is always crazy so don't bring more than four. They have teen agers running the front desk with no sense of urgency for customers. Maybe they should have an adult up front to manage the place at night because when the owner is there during a Saturday or Sunday morning we have never had an issue.  Complained to manger and never ate tonight the wait was forty five minutes with it not even being busy!! Sorry need to review your staff better Chompies they get lazy when the cat is away!!
"Meh" is a great expression to describe this location. Not all Chompie's are created equal - our waitress was nice, but my hubby ordered the "tuna melt" but it came with no cheese, so it was more like a tuna....hm. what do you call that? He also ordered an egg cream, but they were out of that - not a big deal, but my hot chocolate didn't come with the whipped cream it was supposed to come with, so that was lame.

I ordered 2 original pancakes {can't really mess that up} and I got eggs on the side, with melted cheddar cheese. They have  DELICIOUS syrup and gave me as much as I needed.

If you end up dining at this location, just stay on top of your order. You might need to ask if they are even carrying what you want, before you order it.
It's hit or miss with the staff!! Food is good but service lacks!!!
Jewish sliders rock and so do their omelettes. The staff here is horrible so dont go if you are in a time crunch. What is nice is the bakery, if you can get someone to take your order at that counter. They have nice cookies including black and whites for the back East crowd. But be warned, everything is very expensive in the bakery, although it is good. I have been here a number of times because its close to work, and it has potential. The truth is it is like a joke without a punchline. You are always slightly unsatisfied with your experience in the end.
Walked in and sat right down for a weekday lunch. Ordered right away and now, 45 mins later, we've been assured our food is next. I'm not sure what that means, but I am sure my boss doesn't give a crap. They get the 2nd star because this place isn't always like this. But, seriously, it's not busy.
Normally put up with lack of service for a good meal but today neither one was on point. I got the sliders and all of my meat was like chomping down on rubber! Ha now the name makes sense. Lady had a bagel that was stale but at least out five year old enjoyed his pancakes. Server was confused the entire time and neither her or the hostess felt the need to help clear tables. They just sat people around us at dirty tables and said they would find a busser. Can't say I'll be coming back.
This place is fantastic. I love the fact that I can have AMAZING Jewish food and I didn't have to cook it.

I always order a bowl of matzo ball soup to bring home with me to eat the following day, we never finish our food but I like the left overs. 

Its crowded, more so on the weekends,  but have you ever been to a deli in New York? They always seem to be packed, sometimes with lines out the door. The crowd doesnt bother me. 

The only thing that really irks me here is we have regularly had bad/slow service. Like a drink never refilled or a side of something we didn't get that we served just before the bill after reminding them. So I am a little more agressive about flagging down my service here. 

Again, I love it, its comfort and home food that I don't have to cook. I don't have friends who cook Jewish food, so this is my only shot in AZ unless I'm making it myself.
Great Jewish deli!!!!!!!  Definitely coming back with my family when they visit in from new York!!!
My dad and I have been going here over a year and had the same waiter.  We were in on Saturday and learned that our waiter that we go to see was "let go".  Service was not as good, the waitress was not as attentative as David.    The manager stopped by our table and would not tell us what really happen.  If we had know our favorite waiter was actually fired we would have walked out.  Management did not take us serious on the Tempe Chompies when my dad pointed out a few health code violations, not sure they will care that they have lost customers from the Chandler Chompies also.
This gets two stars because their bagels are THAT good. Go for the bagels, and avoid basically everything else.

Now the bad:

-Seated at a dirty table
-Tea tasted like sewer water
-Eggs were cooked the wrong style (not what I ordered), and one was so undercooked that the eggwhite ran with the yolk. Not a good sign, didn't eat it.
-Hollandaise was not lemony, rich, or buttery. It was worse than the stuff you make at home out of a packet. It basically tasted like someone made a roux and dyed it yellow.
-General lack of interest in service 

I did report the egg issue as politely as I could to my server, who empathetically said "Awww," and then walked away. 

If you review the glass-enclosed pastry area, you may be surprised to discover that literally everything in the case has been mislabeled- the fun game is trying to figure out what is what! (seriously, that's what we did while waiting for our dirty table.)

I hope I just caught them on a bad day, because it was really, really bad.. but they will still get my bagel custom. These bagels seriously rule.
Usually I'd give this location all 5 stars but after this visit, my opinion dropped a star. Why? Well, first of all because our table was really wobbly and would move whenever we'd lift up our drinks to take a sip, or move ANYTHING on the table. Second, because it was so freaking COLD in there, due to the ceiling fan above us on full speed and the A/C blowing down. I shivered the entire duration of the meal. 

Our friend had to keep reminding the waitress, and the helper who helped serve our food, that he ordered cocktail sauce for his All You Can Eat Fish & Chips. It took FOREVER to get that to him! We all got the Fish & Chips Friday Special...while it was pretty good, my fries were too done for me to the point I could only finish about half of them...and just having recent oral surgery, I couldn't eat anything super hard or crunchy due to sensitivity and the surgery areas in the process of healing. My fish, however, was just right and I could eat it without fail. 

Took home a piece of Red Velvet Cake for dessert. The cake itself was dry and the frosting was perfect. I was rather disappointed. Also, the floor inside the restaurant was slick and felt greasy. That itself is a safety hazzard.
Great food, great service and a huge menu! Come here all of the time and it is always wonderful!
I normally give this place 5 stars. Not this time. Our server Susan was very rude. Had to flag someone else down for a coffee refill. And at the end of it she just put the bill down and said "here". We felt as if we were a bother to her since we were not one of her regulars. She was very nice to others refilling personal cups with coffee and making small talk. Will make sure if I go back not to sit in her area
There are times when only the word "appalling" can be applied. This was one of them .
My friend and I had been to see a movie and were ready for a lunch. The place was very busy do we used the restroom. It was so filthy, we also peeked into the kitchen- and we exited as fast as we could.
I have been to a different location and was looking forward to the same delightful food. But, I did not want to chance it here.
Chompies is awesome. I usually get the turkey sliders as they a ridiculously good. I got the all you can eat fish fry this past Friday (Friday special) and it was great. The fish fillets are thick and flakey. The batter is perfect. Great coleslaw. Always amazing.
Restaurant looks great, lots of space, friendly service and extremely quick kitchen. Maybe it was because we were there on a Thursday at 3:30pm so there wasn't much traffic, but signature Jewish Sliders we ordered came out in less than 15 minutes.

I found out about this place from the Man v Food episode and the sliders looked amazing online. Finally trying them myself I have to say they were pretty good but didn't live up to the hype, I would give them 3.5/5. The gravy sauce or ranch dressing is necessary for the slider otherwise it won't have too much flavor. The meat is cooked beautifully and fairly tender. The onion strings side were fantastic (4/5) and go really well with the ranch sauce. We also ordered one Western style slider just to try and I ended up liking that one more. We also got a mini carrot cake, which I would give a solid 5/5. The food + service and speediness which I would give  5/5 compels me to give this place 4/5 overall.
I frequent this location for breakfast and lunch pretty often. I have to say that I am definitely blind to the poor service because of their amazing food. Normally we sit outside when the weather is nice and sometimes it can take up to 10 (No really, I promise) 10 minutes to even be acknowledged. When we go out to eat, we're not usually in a hurry because we plan our day appropriately, so it's not that much of a bother when it's so gorgeous outside!

The last few times we were there, we had the same server for all of the visits. Though she doesn't remember us ever, we remember her and she is very kind. Not the most efficient, but kind and good natured. The food is always GREAT, but like I said, refills and service are lacking. 

The very last time I visited I was sorely disappointed. We had a different server I've never seen before. We ordered our meals and I requested hashbrowns with my breakfast. She seemed perplexed. I don't understand how hard "hashbrowns" is. She then proceeded to talk me into getting the home fries... are those easier to make or something? I asked 3 times for hashbrowns and ended up with home fries. When they came out with the rest of my breakfast they were cold and horrible, yet the rest of my meal was great. Made me think, did she mess up an order and have these sitting in the window? Gross. I wanted my hashbrowns :( I took one bite of the home fries and left the plate clearly full on the table. Not one time did she ask if everything was good or if everything tasted okay. She didn't even bother to take them off the bill. I never want/ask for anything to be free as many of these shameless customers will do, but seriously, I didn't touch them, obviously something was wrong.

I won't ever have her as a server again, that's for sure, but the good food will continue to mesmerize me into coming here. 

P.S. Went in on a busy Sunday and was told  by the hostess "Ha, you shouldn't come on Sundays, we're so busy!"

Yeahhh, 'cause that's great for business to have your hostess telling people that!
I have eaten at chompies at this location and have had great service. So to my surprise when I called to give them an order for CATERING I was placed on hold for 6 minutes because only a manager could tell me if I can get an order for tomorrow ??? Luckily I called the shea location was assisted and only put on hold for 30 seconds to check w catering manager and order submitted. They should takes notes from the Scottsdale location.
Superb, great food and service!!! Nova lox is absolutely fantastic!!! Great value, great food, great place!!!
Chompie's is always delicious and has such a huge menu that it's hard to get bored.  Whenever I'm sick, I always crave their Chicken Matzo Ball Soup. It is nice that you can pick it up to go when you don't feel like eating out.
Yum.yum.yum. This is one of my favorite cheat day treats. The salads are so delicious, the sandwiches so very tasty, meat made with love and a treat from the bakery makes the whole experience a happy one. Friendly, knowledgeable service and clean, New York inspired decor.
Awesome food!!  We went here after someone recommended it and it was delicious!  I got the Western sliders with the onion strings and it was a lot of food, but full of flavor...the rolls they come on are so fresh and have great flavor!  The onion strings were crispy and came with a yummy dipping sauce.  I also tried on Jewish style slider which is their signature slider.  It was good, too.  My husband got a chicken sand which that he said was the best he has ever had and he is super hard to please.  It had jalepeno cheese and onion strings on it.  In fact, the whole family loved their choices.  Their desserts were good in their bakery.  Great selection on the kids menu, too!  Highly recommend!
Always a treat.  So many pastries to choose from.  Tthe best pastrami in town.  And don't forget the fresh pickles!
Great Deli, loved the turkey sliders and potato pancakes, awesome bakery as well. Service was fast, friendly and efficient.
Delicious options here.  I visit the counter most frequently here and service is typically exceptional.  Fantastic prices on bagels and toppings are generous too.  I go out of my way to eat a Chompies bagel.  I spent years at a first job at a bagel shop back East and I know a good bagel.  They know a good bagel here too.  They also know good deli.  Yes!  Pastrami on rye, and so many more items to help make the decision difficult.
Came in with a party of 10 people plus a baby. A gentleman asked got us some drinks while waiting and complementary bagel pieces with cream cheese. Waitress was very helpful with suggestions from the menu. Very clean and friendly atmosphere.
I want to love this place, but I can only partially commit. They have amazing pastries and bagels, but their overall menu leaves much to be desired. The home fries are always soggy, and they eggs always runny. Their portions are so large, I'm not surprise that they are not cooked properly.  They are always packed, and seem overwhelmed by the amount of guests they have seated. The heavy traffic makes for bathrooms that seem like they should be at a street festival or state fair.

I recommend grabbing your baked goods or bagels and heading home to enjoy them...far from the chaos and grime.
I am writing for this particular location, other Chompie's have been great. I have been to this location a few times and have never been impressed with the staff but this last time I had a server that was such a little s#$! with her bad attitude, I will never return. She was rude to the people at the table who ordered water, was awkwardly telling us it was "weird" that we liked our appetizer because others didn't, and explained that even though they advertise "rare" roast beef, it all depends on the cut...what??? Last straw!
This is a local Favortie. The menu is amazing and the service is great. I always stare at all the treats while I wait for a table. Be prepared to wait! It's just that good. So many people come here to enjoy the food. There's everything you can dream of! Bring your while family or just come hung over to eat and feel human again.
I usually love Chompie's. Granted, I typically visit the one in Tempe, but in my previous experiences, they've all been pretty consistent. Today, I ordered Chompie's Benedict. Poached eggs are always hit or miss at casual places, but I'd ordered this before with success at the north Scottsdale location. The plate came out sloppy, but that's not really worth mentioning. The problem was that one of my poached eggs was raw. Of course a poached egg has a runny yolk but runny whites? Nope. Not eating that. I sent it back and the manager came out to argue with me that sometimes poached eggs have runny whites and that's just how they cook them. Well, why was one of them ok and the other was a blister sitting on a piece of ham? She eventually only charged me for the egg I did eat, which is fine, but why argue with me for not wanting to eat a raw egg?

TLDR: Not going back to the Chandler Chompie's. Tempe and Scottsdale are still ok.
Came here for lunch on a Tuesday,  had a little wait, figured it was a good sign.

The food was really good, I had the turkey Reuben and cabbage soup.  My friend had the Jewish slides and onion strings also all very good.  A little pricey as it was $40 for both of is, but we enjoyed it.
I go to Einstein Bros Bagels for lunch almost every other week when I have a craving for something that's not greasy and fills me up really well.  What impresses me is the large menu of yummy bagel sandwiches, not only of the breakfast kind but also of the lunch kind.

My favorites:
1.  Tuna salad sandwich - tangy and 
2.  Pastrami Melt - the melty cheese and salty pastrami hits the spot on those extra hungry days
3.  Spinach and mushroom pizza bagel - the melty cheese, 'shrooms and spinach combination is suprisingly filling and yummy

Conclusion:  A great lunch time place to eat and hang out.  Bonus of being able to do half sandwich and soup/chip combo makes a well rounded lunch!
Open early, close early.

Great place to get together with the ladies and have a bagel or cup of coffee [thats what i do every couple of weeks]

 Personally, i think they're a little over priced but so is starbucks.

This place gets crazy busy in the morning. Cross your fingers that you find a place to sit. Lines can be long but go by fast.

Not just a breakfast place but a lunch place too! They have bagel sandwiches, woohoo.
Great service every time!
Good Service, Good Bagels, Good Quality, Great Price!

My boyfriend brought me here to get breakfast twice. The bagels are super fresh and super tasty. Way better than the bagels I get at home, Bay Area, California. The bagels are fluffy and the cream cheese is so flavorful! The mornings can get busy, but still the food comes out quick and its delicious.

Not much to say, but I'll be coming back when I'm in Vegas. Though I just found out there is an Einstein Bros Bagels on my campus...
Love this place! I like that they are always able to tell me which bagels accommodate my dietary needs (vegan). In love with the pumpkin bagels. I look forward to them every fall. :)
This place is great! I love the breakfast items. Try the Sante Fe, just let that sucker cool down for a bit or you will suffer the wrath of molten lava in your mouth. The coffee is cheap and really good, especially the vanilla hazelnut. The customer service seem to be a little slow as you can wait at the register for a while before someone acknowledges you. Here's a hint Einstein if you read these.. designate one cashier and they stay there.
We stopped in for a bite one morning and the line was out the door! The Green Chlie and Cheese Bagels are what we came for and thank goodness when it was our turn to order, we snagged the last two....SCORE!

We also shared a bagel with Peanut butter, Banana and Honey which was also pretty good. Service was quick and friendly ... no complaints there. Next time, we'll avoid the busy times and probably go in between the Breakfast and Lunch rush to avoid the crowds...ALOHA!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(4/100) "Green Chile for Breakfast"
Super slow service compared to other EBs. IlI go to the one on Sahara even though its 10 minutes out of the way next time.
"happiness is a warm bagel" says the girl's shirt working behind the counter. Amen I say!  As you drive up to this very busy parking lot you will notice a line out the door.  Hey this is the neighborhood digs!  don't let it fool you...these peeps are on top of their game-why else would people wait outside waiting to get in the door? 

Today, just a regular day where I find myself dreaming about what I'm gonna get while I peer in the window to a packed house.  I get through the line and there she is...Wendy...the manager I think.  This girl may not know me from Adam but she is consistently happy to serve with her smiles....no matter how crazy busy the place is she is never frazzled.  Consistent customer service had by all.  

So I order my sesame bagel toasted with vege cream cheese.  Simple and delish!!!  Out the door in 20 minutes.  Not too bad considering I started my wait outside.

Their bagels are always fresh.  I have ordered a variety of things here and everything is great.  The store is clean, the customers are friendly as well as the staff. I would have to say Einstiens is a staple breaksfast spot in our book and thank goodness it's close to the house!
Busy place! It was everything you'd expect from an Einstein Bros Bagels. Nothing special. I'll go back, but be prepared to wait in a long line if you go on a weekend morning between 7-11am
There is nothing better on a Saturday morning than to have a cinnamon sugar bagel with honey butter (healthy eh?).  This location was pretty packed when we came in, which is understandable at 10am on a Saturday.

I was also impressed to see other selections beyond plan bagels, such as a PB&J baked good, pastry's and other items.  I look forward to venturing around the menu, as Einstein's has never really disappointed!
My husband WAS going here for carry out breakfast 2-3 times each week, but they have now screwed up our order 4 times in a row and we are done!  I just threw away my breakfast.  He had ordered the Southwest Turkey Sausage sandwich for me and I instead received some disgusting thing with no sausage, piled with mushrooms and so much of some orange sauce that the entire wrapper was covered.  They just cannot our simple order for 2 right!  We are done and not going back.
I love Einstein in general.  This location is by my doctors office  Staff was friendly.  Bagel was excellent.   No complaints.
Everyone was rude talk about no customer service! The bagels were burnt had to send it back and the lady was really upset brought me another bagel and again it was burnt... I will not be coming back here!
I came here on my lunch break because I had a coupon for buy one get one free. I figured, why not let me check this place out. There was only 1 other customer there. I went up front and asked if I would enable to order a skinny bagel with the coupon and she said yes so I placed my order. Her response was I'm sorry but my computer is down. I asked does that mean I can't place an order? She said yes. Well you'd think she would of told me that when I was asking questions not when I'm ready to place an order. I look down at her name tag and realize she's a shift manager. She said she's be right back she would go in the back and get me a coupon for 2 free sandwiches for my next visit. As I'm standing there I'm thinking to myself you're going to get coupons for 2 free sandwiches then why can't you just give them to me now an place them in your computer when it comes up. You'd rather have me walk out and take the chance of me not coming back. I get that things go down and it was unexpected but I never expected that you'd just let me leave without placing an order. 

I still want to go back and try it out so I will update this review when I do
This is my favorite Einsteins in Vegas. The crew has their stuff together and manage to fill orders and serve food in record time. They're friendly to boot! My main reason for not visiting the one closer to my work is becuase of the time iit takes to order and recieve it. This one has employees that understand the sense of urgency I'm in when I drop by on my way to work.
Love the bagels and smear! Don't order a sandwich to go though bc it'll take forever. Customer service is still on par though!
I can give it a 3 1/2 stars easy.

The wifey and I often come here on a Sunday morning as a breakfast ritual just to hang out and enjoy nice bite (and because BabyStacks Caf nearby is always busy).  Funny enough, this Einstein is very occupied during the weekend!  A good size line and crowded tables often await us.  But no matter since the wifey needs her morning cup of Joe!  This location is a popular early destination for folks living nearby as well as those getting back on the road for the trek back to their home state.

Wifey is pretty basic when it comes to ordering, a cup of coffee, and a bagel (toasted) with a shmear.  Her bagel and flavor of shmear will vary by visit, but her cup of coffee is a constant.  She gets it often enough she's bought one of those refillable mugs from Einstein's, you get a nice size on it, plus it saves you in the long run on refills.  I myself am OK with the food there, I like a fresh toasted bagel with shmear, but I often go up to the menu board to get something.  Now, we all know that Einstein's does use microwaves for much of their food items because let's face it, there is no large kitchen there.  Much to my chagrin, things like their egg products and bacon and such they use gets nuked in the microwave.  So if you're looking for a fresh fried egg on your bagel (damn that sounds delicious), you're not going to find it here.  I've gotten a bagel sandwich with egg at Einstein's before and it's not usually one of my favorites.  I stick with a few things there.  For some strange reason I like their Chicken Salad deli sandwich.  To me it's yummy!  Chunks of chicken, grapes, almonds, and craisins in a vinaigrette dressing, topped with lettuce, tomato, and red onion on wheat?  Sign me up!  I like it very much, even for breakfast!  Another one of my favorites is the Thintastic Chicken Pesto bagel sandwich.  Sliced chicken breast strips, roasted tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil pesto on a thin bagel of your choice.  For not being a 100% in house made sandwich it is pretty good.  Most of their sandwiches come with a pickle, and a side of potato salad, fruit, or a bag of chips.  I opt for the potato salad most occasions because Einstein's actually makes one I like.

A bit of a downer for me is the pricing.  Einstein I guess can be considered 'gourmet', their prices reflect it!  Not the cheapest for a sandwich or any of their combos.  A sandwich combo will run in the $6 range, and that doesn't include a drink!  Luckily I just bum off some coffee from the wifey.  Even a basic combo of a bagel, shmear, and a small coffee will run folks back $3.99 plus tax.  If I get this combo I guarantee you I will be left HUNGRY.  And hungry boy = grumpy boy!  Compare this to the $3 Subway breakfast combo (6 inch breakfast sandwich and drink) right next door and you can see the gap in food portion.  I will give Einstein's their due though, the bagels are A-OK.

Service is usually good for us, as we often get the manager to take our order.  She's attentive, and quick on her toes.  The thing that takes the longest is actually getting our order.  But that's no problem, I get to hang out with the wifey longer.
Came for lunch and there was 1 person I front of me. Quick service. Easy in and out. Tastes just like the rest of the Einstein's. Delicious! Can never go wrong with a tasty turkey on a toasted sesame bagel with a pickle and side of  potato salad.
Good value, great bagels & amazing service! I love the jalapeo bagel with jalapeo spread. Lights up my mouth for
When it comes to bagels, Einstein Bagels is 3 5 star good. However, they are nothing in comparison to the Bagel Cafe and New York bagel shops. Since there is only one bagel cafe and the New York bagel shops are nearly 3,000 miles away, my tastebuds coexist with Einstein Bagels.

    Today, I stopped off at this Einstein Bagels on the way to Spring Mountains National Recreation Area. It is off the 215 Freeway along Durango Drive and just south of Centennial Hills Hospital. It was a breeze to get to.

  The experience I had at this location is really no different than the other Einstein Bagels I reviewed. I walked in. I ordered and gave them my name. I walked past the display case of bagels where I paid. The cashier handed me a coffee cup before they brought me my bagel. I had the choice of few brews of coffee to fill the cup. The coffee is on a par with the coffee house chains. The way that I could tell the coffee us good is that I don't need syrup in it. The refills are unlimited. A few minutes after sitting down, I was biting into the toasted sesame bagel with salmon shmear. The bagel was 3.50 star good. That puts it on the same league as a Dunkin Donuts bagel. The coffee and bagel with salmon shmear duo came out to $5.01. Not bad! But not spectacular! My complaint about Einstein Bagels, which is the exact one that dates back to my 2012 review on this company is that they don't include a side item like a pickle or potato salad. It takes some getting used to when the New York bagel shops would include potato or macaroni salad and a pickle with the meal. Even their more $ nova lox sandwiches don't include a side. Maybe thats why Einstein Bagels only lasted around three months in the New York market.

  When I returned to my car, I drove toward Durango Drive with no enthusiasm for Einstein Bagels. If Dunkin Donuts was on the right side of the road I probably would of chosen it over Einstein Brothers. My realty is that because Einstein Bagels is all Vegas really has for bagel shops with the exception of Bagel Cafe and a couple others, I will settle for 3.5 star bagels.
I will admit that I'm a little biased when it comes to my bagels because I'm from Northern NJ and New York City, but I have to admit that these are pretty darn good. Not exactly the quality of New York, but it's there and better than anything you can find in the area. 

 Service is excellent even when packed.
Ahhh Einstein Bros Bagels. I love this chain. Reliable food and drinks, what more can you ask for? This location is near to my house, so it's great for last minute bagel trips. The staff are always good and the bagels are always fresh even if you go later in the day.
Like any new establishment there's wrinkles to iron out such as making the soda fountain fully operational and making sure food prices in the registers are the same as on the menuboards.

As for signage I agree that without visible signage that can be a factor for long term success.

FYI, Brueggers offers 1 hour validated parking in the parking garage.
Welcome to the Camelback corrider, Brueggers!    Good coffee, fast service, hot bagels.  

It's not New York-style bagels.   It doesn't have the shmoozy ambience of the Starbucks that previously inhabited the same spot.    I would not drive miles to get there.   But if you live and/or work in the neighborhood, Brueggers is an easy place to grab a bagel or a sandwich.   There is nothing like it close by.   

It is not gourmet, but it does what it does well.   For neighbors, a dependable place to add to the rotation.    For office workers, no need to cross the street for something quick and tasty to eat.  Ya gotta love that!
Your service SUCKS and is s-l-o-w
Why don't you drink a cup of Joe?
Or just do a line of blow?

To help with the logistics
Preparation of bagels should be quite simplistic
Or maybe I'm being too realistic?

Good thing your "breakfast bagel" is delicious!
Employees snicker, "Oh she was merely being capricious."
Add some bacon for THE meal that's most nutritious

Surprisingly, your coffee was pretty strong
I really don't want to complain for too long
Wish this was a more upbeat song

So hopefully you'll get your sh*t together 
All doubts gone forever
CZ' I really am about to sever
And say never, ever, ever
Be stuck going to Einstein's even though your bagels are better
Brueggers was my DC area go-to for a yummy morning soft-wich or the post-lunch cookie break. I did a little dance when I saw it in the Biltmore area... everything is just as good as the E Street experience and the lunch sandwiches are pretty good if you are too lazy to walk across the street to the restaurants. Oh... and I recently discovered that their teas are really yummy too...
This is evidently a new location, very close to my new apartment which is sweet.  The ladies were all super nice, I had a lot of fun talking with them; my bf doesn't like eggs, at all, and she was kind enough to make his bfast bagel w/o egg and extra other stuff.  I had the "skinny" sandwich which is eggwhites, turkey sausage and sundried tomato spread on a thin bagel, would have been awesome if the spread wasn't kind of ketchup-y.  My only "complaint" - otherwise highly recommended!  Oh, parking is kind of a pain, not many spots out front, but they offer free valet for an hour!
This place is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I am glad to have it.  I don't have much to say about the food, it is typical.  The coffee is good (better than Starbucks IMO) but Sweet-n-Low would be a nice addition.

My complaint about this place is the service.  The service is extremely slow, mentally and physically.

On my last visit, I ordered a breakfast sandwich (menu says egg and cheese on a bagel) with sausage on a sesame bagel.  She turned, distracted by another customer's order, and then turned back and asked "What kind of bagel?".  Then when making the sandwich asked "Do you want egg on that?" (egg is PART of the breakfast bagel sandwich!!!)  Once the egg was warmed (2-minute process finding egg patties in the refrigerator, walking them to the microwave, working on another customer's order), she proceeded to make and wrap the sandwich WITHOUT sausage.  In the interim, she was busy trying to complete several other orders.  A simple bagel sandwich took almost 8 minutes from order to checkout, and I was 2nd in line. It also took me repeating order items or coaching the server 3 times.

This was not a one-time deal.  I frequent this place for breakfast and the service is always EXCRUCIATINGLY SLOW.  During breakfast hours, they usually don't have the eggs warmed!  They mess up on the contents of the sandwich and wrap items even with the menu hanging right over their heads!  They do not listen well to customer orders resulting in having to repeat order items at least once and usually more.

It does not matter who the server is, they never get my order right on the first try, seem to be confused by my order (straight off the menu) and take FOREVER to put it together.

The help needs to be trained in several things...

1) Better knowledge of the menu.
2) Keeping all necessary preparation items fully stocked.
3) LISTENING to the customer's order.
4) Better multi-task skills OR focus on ONLY ONE CUSTOMER AT A TIME.

They seem to try to make up for higher customer demand times by working on (and messing up) multiple orders at a time.  They should just focus on listening and then rapidly and properly completing one customer's order at a time.
Disclaimer: I'm a Jew from New York. I know good bagels and damn good bagel sandwiches. 

They are not here. My first trip in, I just picked up a Rosemary Olive Oil bagel with nothing on it. I'll be honest, it's good! Doughy, with that sort of crunchy outer shell. Good flavor. Moist. I enjoyed it.

Second time in, I was met with a lot of: "We don't carry that" and "we ran out of this". It was 9am... You're seriously already out of items that you still have signs up for?

I ultimately settled on the Rosemary bagel again, but toasted with sausage and egg. You know something's wrong when it's ready in 67 seconds. They don't make the eggs fresh for you. They're already formed in a perfect disk with that weird fluffy quality not found in normal scenarios. The bagel wasn't really toasted either. The sausage is the same perfect shape as the eggs and just kind of tastes salty and processed.  

Very disappointing that they don't really have fresh ingredients. I was hoping for and expecting so much more!
Went through Phoenix on a work trip and was very pleasantly surprised...it took awhile, but the salmon with cream cheese, capers and onions was fantastic with a bagel toasted just right with good balance of crunch and ingredients.
Just picked up a half dozen bagels and strawberry cream cheese.  Drinks were orange juice and frozen mocha coffee drink.  Drinks were good.  Bagels were just okay.  The bagels were a bit chewy but standard for a chain bagel shop.  The cinnamon sugar one rated best.  They worked out great for not being near our local bagel shop.  Would like to find a good shop on this side of town.
This Bruggers suffers from very poor customer service. The manager had a terrible attitude! I thought she might even quit her job when I asked for a cup for water. Who wants to start their day like this? Even the 16 year old kids at McDonald's are much nicer in the morning.
My overall review for this location of Brueggers is 1-star. But, I must say... when you ACTUALLY get what you ordered, the food is quite good. I prefer Brueggers over Einstein's any day. The bagels are softer and I enjoy their flavors better. 

But, one can only describe a trip to the Brueggers at 24th and Camelback as either a trip to the Twilight Zone, an episode of Candid Camera or a stint on Punk'd (or a combination of all of the above). The employees are friendly enough, and it seems to be locally owned and operated, but the employees are slow, inept and downright stuipd. I hate to call anyone stupid, but there really is no other explanation. You must repeat even the simplest of orders at least three-four times and only order one item or sandwich at a time. No matter what type of bagel you ask for, they grab a different one and you have to nicely inform them once again of the kind you wanted. If you ask for no cheese on the sandwich, they put it on any way. Ask for bacon? You get sausage. It's really that bad.

One trip, I ordered two sandwiches. Knowing their level of service, I ordered SLOWLY and asked for one sandwich at a time. The employee asked me three times what type of bagel, four times if I wanted it toasted and still got it wrong. I seriously felt I was on MTV's Boiling Points.

My last three visits, I brought the food home only to find the order was wrong.

Today, I ordered two bagel sandwiches. One was correct, the other was totally wrong, after reminding the employee three times of what I wanted (and after stopping him from grabbing the wrong bagel).

I live nearby, its a convenient location and the food is good. The service SUCKS.

I typically go on the weekends, but I have friends that work in the building, and they have had similar experiences during the week and have stopped going.

You have to experience this for yourself. Words seriously can't describe.
How is it possible that a bagel shop runs out of nearly every bagel at 9:30 in the morning?!?  One would think that there would be new batches of each flavor ready to go when a flavor runs out.  That's called good business!!  I was forced to settle for flavors I did not want and will now go the extra distance to Einstein's when I have a craving for a bagel and cream cheese.  This is honestly the first and only time I have visited a bagel shop for breakfast only to see that they were out of nearly every flavor of bagel!  What a joke, lost a customer.
FOOD: I ordered the Spinach Cheddar omelette on a toasted tomato bagel. The bagel was rubbery, and they left off the cheddar. The spinach was low-quality. SERVICE: They were nice enough, but they gave me wrong information. I explicitly asked if there were any restrictions on the validation of parking, and I was told, "No." Yet, when I left the parking building, the attendant informed me they only validate for one hour...which was only $3 of my now $8 parking bill. She indicated the misunderstanding was a regular occurrence.
I work in the building, so grabbing a quick lunch is convenient.  however, each time I get sucked back in -I regret it.  
I went in today for and ordered a BLT- $8.50 w a drink and chips

3 slices of bacon and GREEN tomatoes.  

Since I'm still hungry, i will find a real value in the vending machines
I need a shock collar to prevent my return in the future
Came here for some breakfast bagels since it's across the street from my office.  The people there do not speak English very well therefore we had a language barrier when I was trying to order a ham, egg and cheese bagel sandwich.  It took a lot longer than necessary to place what I considered a simple order.  Took the sandwich back to the office, it was really nicely wrapped, but honestly, the sandwich had no taste to it.  I had to load on the salt to make it even taste like anything.  I was so disappointed.  It was reasonably priced at under $4 for the bagel sandwich, but I wish it would've tasted a little better.
Incredibly disappointed, and somewhat insulted. 

Went there for breakfast Sunday, 9/26, at 8:20am. Granted this location is in the 'business' area of Scottsdale, there weren't many people out and about, there was a Brueggers employee on the corner with a sign, encouraging people to come in for breakfast. There were 4 employees (within sight) when we walked in - there were no other customers in the store, although 2 were outside. We were greeted by one employee, from across the store, and while I waited about 10 minutes for the lone bagel-maker-guy to make 3 toasted bagels w/cream cheese for my friend, NO ONE came out to help (take my order). Another employee, came in and out of the dining area - he was really focused on wiping the Coke machine (it did NOT look dirty, it was clean, as was the rest of the store). But this other employee either just stood at the cash register, staring out the window, or . . . finding something to do while I waited for the lone bagel-maker-guy to take my order - which was 2 toasted bagels, 1 w/cream cheese, the other w/lox, etc.). By the time I got my 2 bagels, my friend was completely done with his 3 bagels, so we left (so much for eating out together). During the time (15 minutes) I waited for my 2 bagels (and probably would have been quicker if the employee had simply turned up the toaster heat, and slowed the conveyor so the bagel would actually toast - rather than put it back through FOUR TIMES) I saw 3 other employees who did NOTHING to help the one person behind the counter. When I constructively expressed my frustration to the cashier (who turned out to be the manager - I forget her name), she told me she was "doing inventory", and responded "I was not aware of the situation", to which I replied, 'yeah, that's how it goes' (like, hello????? OBVIOUSLY you were not aware.

Look, I have about 15 years restaurant, and retail management experience, for companies that lead in customer service . . . and for a national chain, Bruegger's fails miserably. As a business, you NEVER sacrifice customer service when doing inventory, and you train your employees to MULTITASK. If there's anyone waiting, and you are able, HELP your co-worker(s). This was one of the worst experiences, and poorest examples of customer service I've seen in a very long time.
Too expensive for pre-packaged salads.
Oh geez! Where do I begin?! I guess with the most important THE HORRIBLE MANAGER! A place of business can have the best food but with terrible staff that just doesn't matter! This woman, I believe Felicia is her name actually put the blame on Me! A customer because she didn't input  or  LISTEN to my order! I've given this place several chances since its near my office but I will drive out of the way to an Einstein or even Duncan donuts! This place has lost a lot of customers from my building just because the customer service is slow or late with orders and don't own up to the mistakes. The only reason I'm giving it one star is because when your order is right it is delicious but when you have to wait a long period for it because it's busy and other staffers are working their butts off & I have in MANY occasions seen this " manager" just twiddling her thumbs.  For being in a High-end part of town (Biltmore area, across from the Ritz Carlton) this manager definitely  doesn't have her priorities  straight!! THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT! CORPORATE! HELP THIS PLACE or we'll petition for a chompies to replace this location!
I come by for lunch a few times a week. Food is good, inexpensive, and the staff is always helpful and friendly.

Breakfast sandwiches are a bit expensive compared to what you get, but lunch is a good deal.
Had taken my mother in law to the doctor. While I was waiting I took a walk to find coffee. Or preferred expresso. 
I walked buy and decided they would work for what I needed. I only got expresso so I can't talk about the rest of what they had.
The place was clean and neat. 
The expresso was much better than Starbucks.
If I was in the area and wanted a cup of expresso I would go there again.
Great Quality and thought it was a very tasty! Had a jalapeo bagel, sausage, jalapeo cream cheese and was delish!
I love BB!!! Grew up on it in the Midwest. Love the bacon scallion cc on an everything bagel. I also really like the onion & chive cc on a salt bagel. They have great iced tea. Their location is not ideal bc parking is limited.
I found the employees very pleasant, and the restaurant was very clean. My breakfast bagel was delicious, hot, and fresh.

The only negative I've found about this place is the parking is a bit scant. It's not your normal parking lot. But parking in the garage is free for their customers.
We needed something like Einstein in this area.  The staff is friendly, the food is delish and the patio lends itself to some great people watching!  Great place for lunch.  I didn't know Einstein Brothers did more than bagels.
Trader Joes, fro yo, nail salon, restaurants, a wine bar, shopping, soon-to-be drug store and now a bagel shop. Yes, this area absolutely needed the bagel shop addition! This is a pretty general Einstein Bagels but it's clean, in a good area, has friendly staff and the bagels are fresh and tasty! 

I really like how Einstein Bagels added thin bagels to their menu. I love their bagels but they can be to hearty for a breakfast, so the thin bagel is a great option. I also enjoy the bagel bites and bagel sandwiches (breakfast and lunch) as well. The cream cheeses are creamy and delicious, especially the honey almond cream cheese. My favorite bagel is the cinnamon sugar bagel. They also have great soda drinks, coffee, fruit, parfait and juices. 

There isn't much more to say other than that this is a perfect addition to the area and I'm happy to have an Einstein's close by for my morning breakfast urges.
Manager was great, we were 1st timer at that store, he took care of us and even get us the free coffee that he just put on Yelp.  only thing...they forgot to put in one of our order...my asiago bagel dog...

It's ok, that was the 3rd item we ordered this morning.  we were full anyways.  :-)
Even though I've only rated this place with 2 stars, I still come here pretty frequently b/c its the only bagel place convenient to me.  I've never really had a stellar experience here but I keep hoping for one!  I do really like the bagels but they always seem to skimp on the cream cheese.  I used to love Einsteins because they would liberally cover the bagel but now its so thin I can see the bagel underneath or a quarter of it has no cream cheese at all.  I'm from NY- I need lots of cream cheese! The service is always friendly, but usually very slow.  So lack of cream cheese + slow service = 2 stars.  Hopefully it's just because they're still relatively new and will step up their game in the months to come :)
This is the best Einsteins I've been to!! It's clean, the staff are friendly, and it has a GREAT outdoor seating area. Paul, the owner, is friendly and goes out of his way to make sure we're happy. He remembers us when we come in - it's a big company run with a small, family business feel. I've made this my breakfast spot because I know that I'll be treated well!!
Being a good husband, I volunteered to take my wife to another day at Sister's Closet. It takes her hours to go through everything - and I'm usually left to find something to do to kill time.  Fortunately, they now have an Einstein's in the same shopping area.  A lifesaver!! I was able to have several cups of coffee, some wonderful onion bagels with cream cheese, and to casually read the newspaper without being hurried and feeling I was taking up space.

It is large, clean, and the workers a cheerful and helpful.  The only glitch was that on one of my bagel orders, they lost the order!! Not a big deal - I wasn't going anywhere  - so once they figured out the order got lost in cyberspace - they immediately re-entered it and brought it to my table.

So now I'm covered - if my wife has to be at Sisters early in the morning, I can relax at Einsteins!!
My suggestion would be to have more hands on training with new staff members.  The person taking our order was obviously new and did not have mastery of the cash register. Unfortunately, that also meant that he did not have mastery of putting in orders as well. If a employee does not show that they are capable of executing their task, please do not let them do it on their own. It is the customers who feel the negative impact. I cannot eat the schmear that comes on a BLT with Avocado thin. Even though I put in my order three separate times, as that is how long it took the employee to input my order, I opened my sandwich to find the schmear on there. This condiment was on every part of the sandwich and I ended up having to through it away. The receipt did not reflect my request to not have schmear on the sandwich, which leads me to believe that even though the cashier repeated  "no schmear" back to me, he was unable to successfully put the order into the register.  As a result, I paid for a lunch I could not eat.
Everything was available even a clear line to the front! The honey butter was sensational and enjoyed immensely. I have kind of fallen out of Einstein's grips because I support local establishments over chains any day.
Dutch Apple Bagel w/honey cream cheese:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pYMVEUmjK4tkKr1wn0ne3A?select=BkppKCqAGpbXvPcJvRYx1A

Toasted of course.

Arguably my favorite bagel I've eaten.  Thought the dutch apple+honey cream cheese would be too much sweetness, but surprisingly it wasn't.  Size was decent and easily tied down my appetite for a few hours.  

Bonus:  free wi-fi and unlimited coffee refills.
So happy this location is here!! I love coming in on Sundays and getting their lox and bagel. Great tasting coffee, too!
Decent bagel place for breakfast. Bagel sandwiches are 4.80 but they only charge 1.05 for plain bagels and a bit more for stranger types. Staff was quick and polite. They also offered free wifi while you wait, or if you want to dine in. 

The only reason this is only a 3, is because McDonalds breakfast sandwiches are considerably cheaper and a better taste in my opinion. I have simple tastes though so I didn't get anything too fancy.
I love having Einsteins in the neighborhood as I am a fan of their Vanilla Hazelnut coffee and the choice of bagels is terrific. The staff is friendly. But here's my only gripe. Refresh the coffee more frequently. The last few times I was there the VH coffee was just warm with no replacement in sight.
There are very few bagel shops in the Old Town area other than this Einsteins and a couple of others.  So, every now and then, I'll pop into this location to pick up some bagels for the house... they happen to have tasty schmears (aka cream cheese flavors) and quality lox as well.

Unfortunately, the last few times I've been to this location, the service has been painfully slow.  Also, they are often out of certain kinds of bagels that I like including the honey whole wheat.  

On the bright side, they will slice the bagels for you and/or put them in plastic bags to keep them fresh.  Their coffee isn't bad, and this location has a decent sized parking lot too... and if you need any groceries, you can run next door to Trader Joe's (or around the corner to AJ's) without moving your car!

If you have the time and don't mind driving a tad bit further, I recommend both Chompie's and NY Bagel and Bialy over Einsteins, but if your expectations are in check and/or you're in a hurry, this Einsteins will do.  Just keep in mind that it's a chain, the service may be slow, and while the food won't blow you away, it is pretty consistent.
Excellent business. Employees are always friendly. Food is very good. Almost five stars. Just a little crazy with the way you order at one register, pay at another. Always seems to work ok, though. Specialty bagels are great but I won't say which because sometimes they run out before I get there!:)

The Scottsdale Rd. & Thomas location gets my recommendation, too. The other day I ordered easy on the cream cheese. The young lady who made the order got it wrong but apologized as she handed me the bagel. No problem. I was very impressed that she would admit and ask if she could remake it. Managers - you are doing something right! Keep up the honesty and positive  attitudes!
Always good and staff is friendly.
Over time I've made it to this location periodically, I live nearby and bagels in the morning can't be beat.  While their bagels are fresh and good the restaurant itself is awful.  The service is painfully slow and always seems disorganized.   On the last visit it was frankly filthy.  The trash can was overflowing the counter had  paper and debris on it and none of the tables were wiped off.  The person taking our order continually talked to other staff members while taking the order and got several items wrong.   I think I'll skip it from now on.
Very friendly service, but my order is wrong 50% of the time.
The store is always clean and I never have to wait in line. The staff is very accommodating as well.
My only complaint is that when I order any but just a bagel and shmear, they get it wrong.
I've tried to order the Bagel Thin Eggwhites Southwest Turkey-Sausage a couple of times and it was no good.
The first time it was so soggy with too much salsa and cream cheese and missing the pepper jack. The second time I ordered I asked for easy on the salsa a cheese and only got the sausage and egg white with nothing else. It's kinda frustrating.
So I say come here for a quick bagel & shmear, but skip anything more complicated than that.
Since my first review I have come to LOVE this place. They always have everything, great coffee and tea and friendly staff. 
Why I am changing my tune is because they helped me out when they did not have to.
Trying to place an order early one morning for myself and my work team. 4 drinks and select bagels. Get the order in and low and behold when I move to the other register to pay, my wallet is gone. It had already been a rough morning as my car would not start and my hair would not cooperate. 
What changed my day around was my experience at this store. At first they were going to give me one coffee for free as I was frantically looking in my purse for loose cash. Then before they could say anything more, I ran out of the store to look for the spare cash I keep in my car. After flying in and out of there like a mad woman, so relived I had found cash, my entire order was ready. Before I could explain that I had money in the car, the manager and team walked around and handed me my bagels and all my drinks. The lovely manager explains that he had already started the order before I realized my wallet was not in my purse. Although I insisted I pay he says, "Miss, we all have days like this and I couldn't let you leave without your coffee. Its on the house."
THAT does not happen. In a world of me, me, me this man just helped another human being out. It was that simple. He had nothing to gain, other than my respect, his team's respect and the 10 other customers in the store's respect. Why I choose this one for my morning breakfast and coffee and tea is because I want to give my business where by business is appreciated, but also where the mentality is that customers come first and helping people with kind heart is a priority.
Came here and ordered an apple cinnamon bagel.  The case contained two bagels that had burned edges taking up about 20% of the surface area.  The others were fine.  I ended up getting a burned bagel and when I opened it, it was a huge pocket of air.  I took it back up to the counter and the girl told me that it happens to bagels in the proofing process (actually it's due to the bread not being kneaded properly, but okay). She offered to cut it off for me. How sweet.
How annoying is it when your sitting here and every five seconds when somebody walks into the door you hear, "welcome to Einsteins" This is not Hooters, we don't need a greeting at 8Am. Nobody is in a happy mood and this method really grinds on me, especially trying to enjoy an overpriced bagel. That damn coupon keeps me coming back, but it won't be to this location. Plus the internet was a travesty. It kicked me off after 15 minutes and I could not get back online. Coffee also had grinds in it and it was just brewed a few minutes ago according to the time stamp. Counter woman also a pain as she likes to point with her finger where to go, instead of using her voice. I got a finger for her.
If I were just talking bagels here we'd be at a 5 star. This place has some of the tastiest bagels I've come across here in the valley and they are all made fresh on premises using the old NY boil and bake. The Bagel Man himself seems to be working as a jack of all trades up front serving customer and working the bakery. 

I was pretty impressed that the selection of bagels included some classics like salt (my favorite) and pumpernickel rye along with some unusual recipes including walnut multi grain (will be trying this) and chocolate chip. 

My gourmet lunch sandwich ingredients couldn't really improve upon the perfectly cooked salt bagel they were placed upon. The sandwiches are piled with quality deli meats and cheeses and the 'gourmet list' included a choice of macaroni salad, chips or potato salad all for $5.50. I tried the macaroni salad, which was the  and it was very okay, also heavy on the mayo and light on flavor.

I am pretty happy to have another friendly option for breakfast around the office and will back for more salt bagels as well as to try the lox soon.
No need to bring bagels home from NY! These are chewy goodness. Try the toasted everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. Or the pumpernickel rye with a scallion schmear. Salt bagels sell out early!
These bagels and the shop very New York. It's about time...!
I wasn't sure what to expect when walking in, I didn't check reviews first because I always give bagel places a chance. I'm from Ohio and miss the great Jewish NY-style deli's I had all around me, because there is a serious lack of them in Arizona. However, Bagel Man has the best bagels in the valley. They have great varieties and are incredibly delicious and last for longer than most you would get at Chompie's or some other fake deli. The owner was awesome, he introduced himself and was doing everything well. They serve Boar's Head meat which is the best if you ask me and they have some variety for being a small place. I recommend this place to all for a nice little lunch or bringing bagels home or to the office.
I am from back east, these are HANDS DOWN the best bagels I have tasted in AZ.
The Bagel Man has the best everything bagels I have ever eaten.  I go there for lunch a couple times a week.  I enjoy the Boar's Head deli meats as well.  Cal is there every day and always greets me with a smile and knows exactly what I like.  Glad to see that since it has only been open a few months that he always has customers in there.  I love to see the community supporting the small businesses in the area.
Bagel Man, you rock! I've visited this place two times now, and I have been very pleased each time. The bagels are super authentic, the real deal. Chewy, flavorful and totally fresh. The Bagel Man himself has been behind the counter on both of my visits, and he's super friendly. He bakes and boils the bagels himself and the quality shows. On my first visit a few months ago, I ordered the Sexy sandwich on a pumpernickel bagel (my favorite!), which if I recall, was a sandwich wiith turkey, havarti and roasted red peppers among other things. I got a combo which included a drink and a side, I chose the plain Wise potato chips. It was all tasty and fresh. On my second visit, I just went with a toasted pumpernickel with cream cheese and an untoasted everything bagel to go. I also noticed the big black and white cookies in the pastry case, so I had to throw one of those in as well. The bagels were top notch as usual, and the black and white cookie was good too. I'd never had one before but immediately thought of Seinfeld when I saw it. These cookies are more akin to half of a whoopie pie (very cake-like) iced in simple vanilla and chocolate frostings. I didn't ask if they were made in-house, but they may be. My one and only gripe about the place is the ambiance. It's in a strip mall so my expectations weren't that high but it would go a long way in increasing the inviting nature of the place if they had some music playing. All in all, if you're looking for authentic, chewy bagels, look no further than the Bagel Man!
This place rocks!!  ...especially if you're used to east coast bagels!   Where else can you get 2 bacon egg and cheese breakfast bagel sandwiches plus a large drink big enough for two and all for $9!!  Plus they use Boar's Head bacon there...so it's not that thin nasty bacon you find elsewhere. Their everything bagels are the best in town. I highly recommend this place and it's worth waiting if there's a line. The owner and workers are all friendly, which makes for a good atmosphere.  My only complaint is that they need more tables ...maybe they should buy the sub shop next to them and expand.
I guess it is only fitting that I write a review for The Bagel Man as my husband just left to grab our breakfast there.  As others have said, these bagels are superb and the service is stellar.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is fresh.  No fru-fru coffee drinks here (just the basic cup, which is fine with me), the focus is on the bagels, and that is obvious.  

Small little place and it can get busy, but it seems to go fast.  Get in line, order your food, maybe grab some coffee while you wait.  Pay when it is ready and either sit at one of the few tables inside or sit outside to enjoy the nice AZ weather.

Breakfast sandwiches, fresh made flavored cream cheese (I asked for jalapeno cream cheese and he made some for me on the spot, cream cheese + jalapenos), Boar's Head meat for the lunch sandwiches, and some home baked pastries (from someone else's home).  

With all of the good stuff on the menu, my absolute favorite is the lox and cream cheese on an everything bagel with all the fixin's (tomato, onion, capers). YUM!  I could go on, but my breakfast has arrived and it is time to eat!

Enjoy!
This guy's bagels are the best I've had in the area. This local joint would put any chain and most of their competition to shame. Definitely stop by if you are in Tempe/Ahwatukee area. The bread literally melts in your mouth.
great bagels
good crumb cake, but too much powdered sugar drowning out the crumbs
friendly service
the owner is from NJ
Black and White cookies imported from Brooklyn
This place's bagels are just incredible.  They are fresh, chewy, and made on-site.  I had "The Sexy" which was awesome.  The owner rang me up and was incredibly friendly.  If you love authentic, fresh bagels, this is your place.
I've never been to this shop, but someone at my work brings these bagels in every Friday.. to Dunlap and Peoria. They are awesome bagels!!!! .. Very fresh, the absolutely best I've ever tasted anywhere.
Just stopped in for my first bagel from The Bagel Man...WOW! I'm confident in saying this was the best bagel I've ever had. I had the everything bagel, toasted, with their scallion cream cheese on the side. First of all, they put toppings on both sides of the bagel, which is awesome! No more debating which half of the bagel to eat first (I'm looking at you, Einsteins everything bagel!) Second, the bagel was perfectly baked, slightly crunchy outside, moist and chewy inside. And the scallion cream cheese was the icing in the delicious bagel cake. I also spoke to the extremely friendly owner, and I'm so glad to hear that business is going well for him. The only trouble with this place is it's very close to my office, and I'm afraid of all the money I'm going to be spending here!
The bagels are great here. I usually end up getting a toasted wheat or sesame seed bagel with veggie cream cheese. The owner said he visited AZ six years ago and couldn't get a good bagel so he made it his mission to open another bagel shop (his family has one in NJ). I'm glad he did. 

Good food, good prices, good place.
Probably one of the best experiences I have had in recent memory.  Not only were the bagels superb (I got the bacon, egg, & cheese on everything) but the service and friendliness of "Mr. Bagel" were top-notch.  If you like NY-style soft bagels, do yourself a favor and go here.  Wish this was in DC!!  I will DEFINITELY be back!!
I've had friends ship bagels to me from New York and they were always better than anything I can get here in Phoenix. The bagels here at Bagel Man are just as good as anything I've had from New York. The service is good and friendly. Prices are great. Sandwiches are awesome. My favorite is the Rich & Famous on a salt bagel. Definitely worth the trip.
Love this place. Just found it a couple weeks ago and now I am there a couple times a week for breakfast. The food taste great, it is well priced, and the staff is very friendly.
Friendly staff & service (Jersey represent!). I ordered the scrambled egg, smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, red onions on a whole wheat toast. My fiance ordered the chicken cutlet, mozzarella, roasted red peppers on a bagel. Both were delicious and reasonably priced. Can't wait to come back when I'm back in AZ!
Might need a 12 step program for this place!  Came for  lunch yesterday and brought the family back for breakfast,  everything was so good, took a few more and some cream cheese to go! Can't wait to come back for the Rueben!
 Exit 143B on the Parkway (it's a Jersey thing!)
Try "The Boss" it is so nice on a warm summer day. Fresh mozzarella with Roasted red pepper and olive oil. Excellent sandwich! Finally a great family owned bagel shop in the southeast valley!
Great Bagels!   Owner is real deal.  13 bagels for $10 great deal.
These people are from new jersey, like me, and are the only authentic bagel place in the valley. They never overload their bagels with cream cheese and their price for lox and cream cheese is the lowest in town! Even after being frozen these bagels still maintain a crunchy outside and soft inside. They never taste dense or heavy, these are 1 of a kind.  It's a cozy small family operated place go and will not be disappointed!  Just listen to all the compliments you'll hear during EVERY visit.  YOu'll see why the Bagel Man is the man, OPEN EVERY DAY OF THE YEAR.
Good stuff!  Went there for lunch - bagels are chewy and delicious, the turkey sandwich I had was tasty with the herb mayo & roasted red peppers.  The owner was friendly and fun to chat with.  Will definitely go there again.
Do you miss NYC and the neighborhood Bagel shop...Well it moved to Phoenix.

Bagels are great with a crust/shell and soft insides, not just browned bread.
Excellent base for Spreads and Sandwiches

Want to support a local business, this seems to be a family run business.

Sandwiches are great  as are the cream cheese spreads, smooth and tasty.

But I think the best part is the owner, welcoming and friendly and he remembers you after you have only been there ONCE.  I think he is from Jersey so it must be Jersey hospitality,,,Great to be welcomed into his business every time you step through the door.

No need to tell you so support local business, go get the best NYC bagel in Phoenix.

Just  happens to be in Awatukee.
I live right down the street and my girls and I often ride our bikes down to the shop on Sunday mornings. The bagels are made fresh everyday, I often would see the windows all fogged with steam as I made my way to work at 5 Am in the winter. The kids love it. I usually get an everything bagel with the veggie cream cheese that they make. I actually have not branched out yet, but I will next time! It is really great when the bagels have just came out hot and you don't even need to toast them.
Love the Bagel Man - although some of the kids he has making the sandwiches can be slooooooooooooow, the food is tasty and the bagels are the perfect amount of crusty outside and tender inside that makes me miss NYC some kinda bad.  My husband and the owner chat about New York every time he goes in there, reminding us that there's more to life than grab your food and go - this is a neighborhood joint and repeat visitors are remembered and appreciated.

Although we typically go there for bagels and bialys (they run out QUICK!), the sandwiches are killer as well, particularly the Reuben.  The place is pretty small and in a nondescript shopping center on Elliott, so you'll probably want to grab your food and go.  Perfect for mornings when you want breakfast in a hurry and fast food joints aren't on the menu.
"The  Bagel Man" opened his shop a little over a year ago and I have always wanted to stop in and see what it is all about.  I do a lot of traveling and I always look forward to enjoying a fresh bagel whenever I get to the east coast.  Authentic New York Bagels are very hard to find on the west coast.  This morning I was out and about and decided to stop in and pick up some bagels to share.

The Bagel Man greeted me as soon as I walked in the door and cheerfully asked if I had been in before.  I smiled and said no.  As I was giving him my order.  I asked him if he made the bagels on the premises; he cheerfully said yes and I told him I was excited to give them a try.  He said that I would be back!  He told me how he prepared them and I told him that I realy enjoyed the bagles in New York; he said I would be happy I found the shop!

He was right!  The bagels are perfectly crispy on the outside and tender on the inside with wonderful flavor.  When I bite into one I can see the Statue of Liberty through the misty haze...

...anyway The Bagel Man is highly recommened and you won't be disappionted!
Great service, great taste and perfect product...try a Bialy they are the best!
This place is yummy! I had the everything bagel with jalepeno  cream cheese. It was delicious and the owner is really cool too. The only reason I gave this place 4 out of 5 stars is because it's my second favorite bagel shop in the valley. Definitely the best on that side of town. My favorite is all the way east kokobelli :)
I stopped by the shopping center the other day and I almost didn't go in because the business is somewhat nondescript.  I'm so glad that I did, I couldn't believe what I was eating.  I've just come back from NYC and I thought I wouldn't find that taste again until my next trip back.  I absolutely love his bagels.  Crusty on the outside and so soft and perfect on the inside.  

I've been back three times in the last week and I am in love!  Kal is such a friendly guy and he is unguarded and warm, a real pleasure to talk with.  I've just moved to the valley and I am so glad there is an amazing bagel shop here.  Phoenix just got great!
Blueberry Bagel is fresh yummy bagel heaven. Thanks Bagel man.
So delicious fresh bagels makes food right on the spot
This. Place. Was. FILTHY.  Oh my gosh.  It looked like the aftermath of a food fight - bagel chunks and crumbs all over the floor.  I won't get started on the bathroom, it was so disgusting.  

The owner, the Bagel Man himself, was too busy chatting with another employee to greet me or wait on me.  A nice lady from the kitchen had to come out and help.  Apparently though, nobody but the owner is allowed to handle the money so he finally broke off his conversation and rang up the sale.  I didn't like the way he treated the nice lady and I was troubled by the way she seemed overly deferential to him and almost frightened.  

Bagels are okay but nothing special.

Would NOT go back!  If the customer are is that dirty, what can the kitchen be like???
This place is great.  I am not sure if this place reads Yelp reviews or what... but anything negative that was said about this place is not the case today.  The place was spotless.  very very clean.  The people behind the counter were incredibly friendly and attentive of the customers that came through the door.  I was immediately greeted upon entering (even when he was helping another customer) and after ordering, my food was promptly made.  

The bagels were great.  Nice size.  Crispy on the outside, doughy in the middle.  Significantly larger than other bagel stores.  The lox were fresh.  The cream cheese you can tell is homemade. 

Overall, this will be the place I get bagels from now on.  This east coast Jew has found a winner.

Thank you bagel man.
Oh the humanity of it all, that your located in Awatukee. Let me start by saying that this bagel shop is clean; that being said there is no atmosphere but who is expecting atmosphere in a bagel shop. The bagels are some of the best I've had in Phoenix and definitely worth the drive. I found the owner (I'm guessing he was the bagel man) to be polite, client orientated, and knowledgeable. If I didn't know any better I would say that the bagel man is from a small town somewhere, because memories of my childhood in the Midwest were reminiscent as we experienced all that was the bagels from the bagel man.  Mr. Bagel man all you need to do now is deliver bagels to my office in downtown phoenix and the world would be tolerable.
The best bagel place I've been to! EVER
Have fun selecting your favorite flavors knowing that The Bagel Man makes bagels that are better than you will find elsewhere around town.  This makes all the difference.  I have had more fancy styles on the east coast, but I haven't had better bagels.  Try the olive spread.
Great bagels & bialys! Stop by for a cup of perfect coffee, you won't be disappointed!
This is my favorite bagel place!
The bagels are soooooo damn delicious. They are crispy on the outside and so chewy on the inside. They are by far much larger than other bagels from anywhere else, like Einstein Bagels. I usually need to eat 3 or 4 of Einstein Bagels to get full (and I'm a little 5'4 120lb girl), and just 1 or 2 of the Bagel Man's bagels are more than enough to fill me up.
The owner is so sweet and remembers you after you show up once. He always asks how I've been and remembers details from last time, he is so friendly. The second you walk in the door he will greet you.
As for what was said by that negative review below, that isn't true at all. The place is clean and smells wonderfully of freshly baked bagels. There are other workers who have rang me up before, and were very friendly with it.
The only thing I could find negative at all about this place was that its slightly warm inside, but that's just because they are baking bagels all day!
Every time I am in Phoenix I stop by and get some of their bagels! They are great to eat after a morning workout. Sometimes when I stop by at the end of the day, I get a couple free bagels with my order. I would definitely recommend stopping by, and trying the egg bagel especially!
LOVE the "Sexy" sandwich. Always nice people! REally good bialy!
Unbelievable!!! Cal (owner) is an amazingly gracious and friendly guy!! He will know and remember you after your first visit. These are far and away the BEST bagels I've ever eaten, ever! Made completely from scratch ON SITE!!  You can see them being mixed, proofed, boiled and baked!!  Taste them fresh and hot straight from the kitchen!! This place, the staff, the food feel like home!! THE BEST!!!!
I hopped on my Yelp app looking for a place nearby my work where I could grab a quick sandwich and I found the Sub Factory.  As I pulled into the parking spot, I noticed the Bagel Man right next door with a Boars Head sign in the window.  No contest.  I love Boars Head so I decided to go there instead.  From the outside, it doesn't look like much, it doesn't look like much from the inside either - small and no attention to the dcor at all.  An incredibly friendly gentleman greeted me and he could immediately tell it was my first time there.  I told him I wanted a turkey sandwich with mozzarella and while trying to decide on what type of bread I wanted, he suggested I eat it on a bagel, he said that I can't find bagels like that anywhere else and promised me that this wouldn't be my last visit to his bagel shop.  I found him irresistible, it may have been the accent combined with the fact that I had just returned home from NYC where these little bagel shops owned by foreigners are in abundance.  Since it was late in the day, already past 2:00 by the time I was able to break away from work, the bagel options were slim so I settled on a salt bagel which I had never had before.  When I got back to my office and started eating my sandwich I realized that he was right, the bagel was delicious and he made a patron out of me.  I've been back four times and I get the same amazing service each time and I haven't veered from the salt bagel yet, it's so delicious.  When my dad wanted to meet me for breakfast we met here and he thought it was a great little bagel shop, too.  Next time there is a morning meeting at work, we're ordering from this place, forget Einstein's!
Seriously, if you're into bagels you MUST come here! Consider it a sacred pilgrimage for all bagel lovers.  The actual "Bagel Man" is always available to greet and assist his loyal flock. He makes bagels once each morning and when they are gone the shop closes, so get here early!  Just thinking about this place makes me want to camp outside until he opens again in the morning. The bagels have a wonderful crisp outside with a sensual chewy inside. I won't even compare them to other "wanna-be" bagel joints in the area because that would be downright disrespectful. He makes a mean bagel sandwich and potato salad too! I almost forgot to mention he makes his own cream cheese spreads too. The store itself isn't full of frills, nor will you find a fancy lounge area because it's not about the shop, it's about the BAGELS! Get them to-go!
The Bagel Man deserves all the rave reviews!  I was up early this morning wondering who was open at 5:30 a.m., and was also looking for a place I've never been and this joint fit the bill.  I had a honey wheat bagel toasted with the honey almond spread and it was delicious!  Warm and chewy and just what my belly needed that early in the morning.  The employees were fast and friendly too.  I've attached photos of their menu as of today.  This would be a perfect stop before a hike or bike ride on South Mountain.  And a great stop for lunch when you're done.  I can't wait to grab the unsuspecting Mr. M and go back.  The only reason I would ever go back to Einstein Bros. was if I was craving a cinn/sugar bagel.
Bagel Man's rudeness exceeds his lack of business sense.   When trying to buy 6 pumpernickel, 6 whole wheat, and some egg bagels, Bagel Man snapped "My bagels are expensive and you will be taking them away from my other customers."  What's that all about?   Isn't Bagel Man in the business to make and sell bagels?  When presenting a coupon to buy a dozen and get 3 free (which we've used many times) we were told that the coupon was counterfeit and he did not want to honor it, but did so with a growl of anger.

Another problem is the inconsistency of the bagels.  Sometimes they are dry and when cut, have air holes.   Sometimes they are uneven with rather large holes and misshapen.  Sometimes they have a crusty outside like they have been egg washed.  I've actually cut one and the whole outside crust fell off, leaving very little bagel left. The place is dirty and tables and floor are speckled with crumbs. 
  
Bagel Man should be baking enough bagels to satisfy all his customers, not scold them for ordering them.  We have given up on Bagel Man.
Really good and fresh bagels.  Nice people too.  Plan to sit outside- the inside is tight and functional only.  You will appreciate the good food, not the atmosphere.
Bagel Man's rudeness exceeds his lack of business sense.   When trying to buy 6 pumpernickel, 6 whole wheat, and some egg bagels, Bagel Man snapped "My bagels are expensive and you will be taking them away from my other customers."  What's that all about?   Isn't Bagel Man in the business to make and sell bagels?  When presenting a coupon to buy a dozen and get 3 free (which we've used many times) we were told that the coupon was counterfeit and he did not want to honor it, but did so with a growl of anger.

Another problem is the inconsistency of the bagels.  Sometimes they are dry and when cut, have air holes.   Sometimes they are uneven with rather large holes and misshapen.  Sometimes they have a crusty outside like they have been egg washed.  I've actually cut one and the whole outside crust fell off, leaving very little bagel left. The place is dirty and tables and floor are speckled with crumbs. 
 
Bagel Man should be baking enough bagels to satisfy all his customers, not scold them for ordering them.  We have given up on Bagel Man.
I don't normally try little places like this, but I'm so glad I did (thanks to the other reviews on here)! It was a small little shop in a shopping plaza, with several two-person tables. As I was waiting, several other obviously regular customers came in, and the owner automatically knew what each of them wanted. Very friendly. I got a bacon, egg, and cheese everything bagel, and my two small kids shared a blueberry bagel with cream cheese. I tried a bite of theirs, and it was really good...the cream cheese was clearly handmade and delicious. My bagel was also absolutely amazing. They put plenty of each food on it, and good quality ingredients. The bagel itself was delicious and a perfect texture. Around $6 for the two bagels. Any time we are in Phoenix again, we will definitely be going here.
I am from New York. I was born in Brooklyn. My first word was Bagel. This place is fantastic. The staff is super kind and attentive. It would stack up against several places I love back home. 
If you are on a road trip and need breakfast, stop here.
Best bagels outside new York or jersey. Great job bagel man!!!
Best Valerie bagels I've found in Arizona. I'm from the east coast and these are as good as bagels back there
One of the best bagels and spread I've ever had. The salmon spread had chunks of salmon in it and was delicious. Coffee cake is excellent as well. Coffee was ok, but the bagel made up for it. I'll be back when I'm in Phoenix.
This place gets you in and out quick.  The bagels are very soft and they had many choices to choose from. The prices were pretty good for what you get.  They wrap it in tin foil which is nice when getting to-go. I ate my bagel sandwich 30 minutes later and it was still hot.  The Bagel Man is friendly. I don't understand why are there so many haters. Maybe people need to be more friendly and he will reciprocate.  The cook was very nice and accommodating. I have to give this place a 5 star review based on my experience which was perfect.  I suggest giving it a try once at least. Hopefully you catch the Bagel Man on a good day like I did apparently.
What an amazing bagel! I had a ham, egg and cheese sandwich on a plain bagel and made "nom nom nom" sounds during every bite. I will be coming here every time I am in the neighborhood.
Real bagels. Not rolls shaped like bagels you usually get in Arizona. I grew up in Detroit. I missed bagels from back East . . . Until the arrival of The Bagel Man. The owner has an original shop back in Jersey. That should say it all about authenticity. 

If you want a real bagel, check this place out. Never understood why people from the East love bagels?  One visit here will explain it.
food was ok
Best bagel I have ever had! Highly recommended!
It's true. These are the best bagels I've come across in Arizona. The bagels had a delicate and flaky exterior with a soft interior. I came across this gem when my friend, originally from Brooklyn, was adamantly searching for a bagel reminiscent of the ones he found in his hometown.  Cal, the owner, was genuine and remembered my friend and me just after one stop to his shop. If looking for a place to buy quality bagels, there will not be many other stores rivaling The Bagel Man.
Quaint. Clean. And straight to the point. The staff, including owner are very friendly. Food, while limited in options, is perfect. Will return soon! I had the egg salad on the everything bagel, toasted. It was an amazing experience.
best bagels in the valley, best in phoenix, best in AZ, best in the west, best outside NY and NJ! in other words, i loved it! came in yesterday just passing by (i was the brunette east coast girl). loved the doughy-ness, nice plump bagels. there seem to be a few different kinds of "real" NY bagels and these are one of them.  if you don't see me in here every day, it's only because i will get ADDICTED! coffee was not perfect. maybe i didn't get a fresh batch.
Most scrumptious bagel I've ever had. I got a rich and famous sandwich on a salt bagel and it was excellent. The "bagel man" is so nice and welcoming. Macaroni salad is excellent. All around great experience getting lunch here.
Best Bagels in the Valley!!!  Very authentic and delicious.  The owner, Cal, is so very kind, friendly and always happy.
I sent my son there to get me a cream cheese everything bagel and a plain blueberry bagel. both were very yummy. love bagels. so many are not authentic. this place is...
Just like Jersey bagels!
Love that I can get my old favorite, Salt Bagel with Veggie Cream cheese.
I took a star off for not having Light CC and the drink selections are pretty lame.
Sweet sassy molassey! These are some gooooood bagels. In fact, I think these are the best bagels I've ever had. You have to try some. They will change the way you look at breakfast breads forever!
Stopped by here on a whim. Bagels and cream cheese are fantastic, staff are pleasant, will be coming here again.
Great bagels! So fresh and chewy.... mmmm.....
Had to check out the place because of the reviews! It didn't WOW me like I was expecting, but they did gain a customer for sure!! The bagels were fresh and you had a multitude of choices.  A must try! Will be going back to try their lunch options! Side note... The Owner and Staff were very nice and attentive!
He makes the bagles fresh daily in the true New York style. I never thought I would find this when I returned to Phx from NYC. The owner was friendly and committed to the quality of his product. I shall return, again and again...
The ONLY bagels I have found that are like those back East in NYC... And I've lived all over the country. Baked fresh daily and delicious.  PLUS... He has salt bagels!  If you love bagels and you're in the Ahwatukee/Chandler area. Then THIS is the place.
Super fluffy bagel with house-made scallion cream cheese,, lox, tomato, onion, and capers! Yum!
I was born and raised in New York. These are the best bagels I have ever had. It feels like New York inside The Bagel Man. I love it.
Delicious bagels!!! This is an excellent stop right off the interstate! Friendly and inviting staff! Highly recommend!
I've had bagels around Az for the past 10 years. This place is definitely the best, the owner has another location in New Jersey. Great service and food! Highly recommended.
Gonna make this one short and sweet. . Really like this place . The bagels are awesome and always fresh .cant go wrong going to this place. The owner is really cool and always greet me respectfully .
We've been here a handful of times now, and continue to fall in love every time.

The bagels are the best we've ever had, and are paired with amazing meats and cheeses.

I've never had a bagel in New York, but I'm hopeful that this is what everybody is talking about. It's certainly what we're talking about!
worth a visit for housemade cream cheese alone. best and cheapest lox n bagel sandwich I've had.
Delicious bagels, I got two of the sliced lox ones and I was talking to the owner. He said I will love it and that I will come back again, he's right I will 100% be back . It's hard to find bagel places that have lox in Arizona and I'm glad I found this place
How on earth are folks so excited about these bagels? It's nice that they use Boar's Head meats, but the bagels are completely lacking in texture. My bagel flattened out like it was made of air. Where's the chew? No thanks.

I really wish this were just some accident and that I had a bad batch, but I doubt it. I'm baffled by the folks who compare these bagels to ones in the Northeast.
This place is spectacular. I had an everything bagel with egg, bacon and American cheese. Not too filling, reasonably priced. I'll definitely be back here soon.
Love this place! My husband and I came here for the first time this morning. It was soooo good! The bagels were fresh and the cream cheese was very tasty! I got the sausage, egg, and cheese (with a side of jalapeno cream cheese) it was very good. I just wished they had a complete list of all the types of cream cheese they have, maybe they do and I missed it. The place is very small. We were going to eat there but there was no place to sit and it was very hot in there. But, I am not complaining. I am just saying it was a small place. They people there are very nice and friendly. We will be going back for sure...soon. :)
The food here is amazing! Love how they use good ingredients and make their bread the old traditional way. Plus it's a private small business who I much rather support than some big corp.
Great bagels, great prices and great service... that's all that needs to be said... and I'm from NY.
Not impressed. This was my first and last visit here. From the moment I walked in was not good. Two separate entrance people unsure of where to form the lines or where to order. Ordered a lightly toasted chicken salad sandwich and got it home and found it burned (so much I couldn't eat it) with barely a bite of chicken in it.  Paid way to much.
This place is not like any other shop. Hands down no comparison. Everything here is made fresh. 

Their bagels are big and doughy (kinda chewy how I like it). 

Eggs are real! (Not out of a carton or premade) 

Bacon made to order. 

I usually get the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. Made perfect every time. 

Plus it has a family feel to it. Not a chain store, but a mom and pop shop.
I swoon for bagels, I adore them. When the sweet scent of an everything bagel is in the air, my knees buckle. I came to The Bagel Man for the first time I could barely hold my excitement as soon as I saw that rack of bagels. I had to order an everything bagel with lox and cream cheese. I knew I had to, like it was predestined. The rest of that experience was like some sort of heroine high daze that left me craving more. A life long addiction that I'm sure I'll never shake.
I stopped here bc of the pretty good yelp ratting. Yelp reviews can be brutal. Brought these to the office everyone loved them one said the best she ever had. People that are complaining about the softness are correct. They have a crisp outside and very soft inside. I thought they were outstanding by far the best I had in the US for bagel or bread. I moved here from Europe and I have had a hard time finding great bread this is really good. Definitely worth giving a try.
Hands down the best bagel I have ever had! The owner is enthusiastic and energetic!   I highly recommend it.
I love small little local shops like this one!! All the staff was very friendly and asked us a couple times how everything was. They had great variety and the bagels were being baked fresh as we waiting for our food. I had the bagel with lox and cream cheese and it was amazing!
I had a breakfast sandwich with bagel and egg.  Wife had breakfast sandwich with bagel, egg and cheese.  Hers was much better.  Mine was okay, but the melted cheese really made the sandwich.  We also ordered a bagel to go.  Bagels were very tasty...  crispy on the outside and a little chewy on the inside.  Everything just tasted very fresh.  Would definitely eat here again, even though we live in Tucson.
This is my morning stop every weekday. Best bagels in town, staff is incredibly friendly and the owner loves his business. I am a regular and I can't imagine changing that habit anytime soon. My personal favorite is the salted bagel preferably right out of their ovens.
I stumbled upon this lil gem this morning via my homey Yelp, and once again it steered me right!  These bagels are delicious!  The perfect consistency, density, chewiness, and they boil em!  The way they are supposed to be made... Unlike that chain place out here in the desert :) it's a tiny lil shop in a strip mall and kind of hidden but seek it out and stop in!  Great prices and quality food.  Breakfast and lunch sandwiches as well as some pastries and fresh made cream cheese in house!  Only downfalls would be the size of the place and it was really hot in there.  Just get your food to go and the problem is solved :)
Great little place to get a coffee and bagel in the morning. Owner is super friendly and has great customer service. Will drive across town anytime to get one of his amazing bagels. Love love love this place!
Now this is a real Bagel!  I love this spot...home grown NYC style, fresh, lots of cream cheese, no skimping here.   Owner is a cool guy and remembers you everytime.  Stop going to the chains and support the local man.  Regardless it's better then any other corporate joint...Trust me!
Awesome, awesome, awesome! Great bagels and really awesome customer service. Super friendly staff. The one complaint I have is that the place is an oven. Good god, I am surprised they haven't gotten heat stroke! Thankfully I get my order to go, mostly! Otherwise, you can't beat this place!
Awesome people, great variety will definitely return and recommend. We walked in were greeted by the owner very nice man.
Frankly I thought they were awful, and I'm a bread eater. I could barely eat half. Now, I haven't completely given it the thumbs down because I only tried the bagel and the other stuff on the menu looks kind of good. I will update if and IF I ever come back. Now, as for the numerous people mentioning New Jersey. These are supposed to be NY bagels. Why is anyone mentioning Jersey. Once and for all! Jersey is not and never will be NYC. And I don't know where the rest of you are from in NY. Long Island perhaps? Buffalo maybe? Those are NOT NY bagels. Again, as in the pizza. Maybe its the water.
Very, very good. 

This place could be a selling point when convincing New Yorkers to move to the Phoenix area. 

This makes my top two bagel places, the other one being an older bagel shop in NYC. I got a [fresh] everything bagel with lox spread, and it was a highlight of my day. 

The staff were very courteous and attentive, and provided excellent service.

In sum, you can keep reading Yelp reviews, or you can go and experience it for yourself. I suggest the latter.
Large selection of bagels early in the am.  We went here on a Saturday am because it is the earliest opening bagel shop in the Tuke.  Friendly customer service too along with prices that are a good value.  If you are an early riser, this is the place to go.
I had such a fabulous time with my friends last night that I just have to tell you about it. My very good friend David Sheehy got a new gig. He is now the House Musician at The Grotto Cafe in Cave Creek. I'd wax poetic about Dave, most of you know how much I enjoy his music, it's the place I have to tell you about. It was the most ...enjoyable venue I have been to in a very long time. The food was great with such reasonable prices that I feel like I could hang there all weekend instead of a big night out. The staff so friendly and helpful, the patio one of the most beautiful I've seen in the area and the atmosphere inside is the kind of eclectic feel I adore. David is now playing Friday, Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons. If there was ever a time to check out his great music, this is it.

The Grotto is uniquely located in a consignment shop called The Red Truck Trading Company. I noticed that there is a review on here by a disgruntled consignment customer and I'd like to address that. I spent the evening sitting on a very comfortable dining chair that, had it with my decor, I would have come home with the set because I "test drove" it more so than in a normal furniture store. My husband felt the same way about the chairs AND the table we were at. So, Bob P., I have to tell you, you are getting a unique opportunity to have your consigned items marketed. I walk in and out of consignment stores all the time and the chair I was sitting on last night wouldn't even have crossed my radar, yet I found myself wondering if it would be worth refinishing to work in my home. Great way to market used furniture, but I stray.

Come to The Grotto Cafe, Come to hear my good friend David Sheehy sing and stay for the food, the ambience and funky decor.
One of my new favorite places! I love coming here for lunch and sitting outside in the patio area. The sandwiches are delicious, I especially recommend the grilled cheese with added bacon! The Grotto cafe has a great atmosphere, friendly staff and great food with very reasonable prices. I always recommend friends to come here for lunch or breakfast :) They have live music now too on weekends and I am very looking forward to it, I'm sure I won't be disappointed!
Yummy bruschetta, great entertainment, welcoming staff and good service
What a neat place tucked in off the Main Street here in Cave Creek. Very good espresso.
Great coffee, as close to a New York Bagel you will get outside of NY. Very good breads. All staff are friendly and helpful. A good way to start the day.
Out for a Saturday hike in Cave Creek, stopped into the Grotto Cafe for lunch, with two kids - ages 6 and 9 in tow. Just after we arrived, a bunch of people lined up behind us. I think this stressed out the woman taking our order, because she was really impatient and pressuring us to order quickly. We are far from a slow family, but hadn't really had a chance to look at the menu before ordering. With no kids menu, we requested a sandwich for them to split (they are quite large) with the fixins on the side (avo, lettuce, mayo, etc.).

I felt so pressured that I ended up not even ordering drinks for two of us and the other stuff we wanted (smoothie, and dessert of some kind). 

The patio is quite nice, and they deliver the food to you. The guy dropped the food off and split - we had no silverware or napkins. None of the side fixins were included with the sandwich, so the kids ate dry turkey sandwiches. To Grotto's defense, I did go back in to get napkins (they were behind the counter, so we're supposed to reach back there and grab them?) and another server asked if we had everything. She apologized profusely when I said that none of the sides came with the sandwiches and offered to get us anything we needed. Problem was the kids were halfway through them, so it was kind of pointless to get the condiments at that point.

I had egg salad sandwich & hubby had BLT. They were pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but totally acceptable for a nice lunch. 

Probably will visit again to see if our first drop in was just a bad moment for Grotto. The patio is so nice I would love to sit out there for breakfast & lunch with coffee and/or a beer and relax!
They have great food. I like regular ice tea not flavored so they brewed some reg tea and iced it for me. They have got the best chicken salad sandwich on heavenly bread  I've ever eaten plus an enchilada soup to die for. Great breakfast burritos also. I highly recommend this place. Atmosphere is so nice & so are the people who own & work there. Very accommodating. I've been there 3 times in the past week.
I took my grandson to one of my favorite places , the grotto, for lattes. I'd never had their coffee yet so I decided on a mocha and as I was telling the lady at the counter that the one drink I'm familiar with is carmel macchiato she said Michael could make me a drink like it. So of course I changed my order and said go for it. He made a great carmel latte. Loved it. Good job Michael !!
I discovered a hidden gem and I almost (focus on the word almost) don't want to share my find! But, I will with my Yelp friends. During a morning of discovering new businesses, I decided to drive up to Cave Creek and work from a coffee shop in the area. I turned to my trustee Yelp app and noticed the Grotto's listing. Just then, I saw the sign and it looked like it was right up my alley so I decided to check it out!

This little coffee shops is filled with unique character. It's nestled off Cave Creek Road and trees hide it from plain site, but locals know just where to go! Inside, the walls are lined with different pictures and antiques and various tables and chairs fill the rooms. There's plenty of seating. My favorite area was the patio that felt like a little secret garden with several patio tables and chairs. 

When I first walked in, I looked around and could tell that this is a local hot spot and it was obvious that I was not a regular patron. The staff is friendly and seemed to know all the regular's orders. I decided to order the egg sandwich on a bagel along with an iced mocha. I then headed outside to the patio and set up my computer for a morning of work. Did I mention I love the patio? It's filled with character from both the atmosphere and the regulars who hang out there. In the midst of working, I look over and a huge great dane is staring at me face to face! Yes, this patio is also dog-friendly! 

While I enjoyed my delicious egg bagel sandwich and iced coffee, I worked using the free wi fi that the shop offers. It was a delightful morning and I will definitely be back to work from this adorable coffee shop in Cave Creek again in the future!
I always enjoy my visits here. Genuinely friendly staff, who cares about the quality of their coffee and food.
A friend and I met for lunch today, our first time eating at The Grotto Cafe.  Needless to say, we will not be back.  I ordered a turkey sandwich without mayo and I think that meant to them light on the turkey.  I received a plate full of potato chips, a pickle and 3 slices of turkey (the size of a post it sticky note) 1 slice of bacon and the smallest piece of avocado - I almost missed it. However, I did get what I asked for "No Mayo". The baguette bread, besides the chips was the biggest thing on my plate.  The ice tea tasted very old and I asked for a diet coke instead. I left everything on my plate expect for the 3 post it note sizes of turkey, 1 piece of bacon and that very small piece of avocado.  
 For a cost of $12.50 plus tip.  NOT WORTH IT!!  My friend's salad was a joke as well. 
I am not sure who rates the value of the menu, but they really need to see what is being served.  I would say it is $$ but NOT WORTH IT!!
Very charming atmosphere. Acceptable salad when in a pinch, nothing special about it. The music is loud, so I've found it's just not the place to do my telecommuting work. 
Don't buy the smoothies. What a sorry excuse for a smoothie. 6 bucks for ice and syrup? 
Go for the coffee and the atmosphere.
While menu maybe limited, food is flavorful. Hot food arrives hot. And that's a good sign. Staff is pleasant and efficient and aims to please. You'd be depriving yourself of a pleasant experience, if and when you're in the surrounding environs, if you don't stop in. You'll be glad you did.
I enjoy eating at Grotto Cafe several times a week. I like the Iced Coffee. Their salads are very tasty and always look so good. i have tried the Monterey, the Southwestern and their new Eggless Cesar Salad which is my new favorite.The Grotto Cafe has great employees who work very hard to make their customers happy.



.
They serve the best value Latte's not only in Cave Creek but I would suggest in the North Scottsdale/Phoenix locale.
The food is pretty good as well, not quiet Home Cooking quality but with a little more effort and real eggs - who knows..

Well worth the visit, go on, try it, you will be amazed at the wall art and their background music is excellent

Look for the "Red Truck" parked just off Cave Creek Rd and head on in....
Have had a great Southwest salad here before (highly recommend) and a yummy gazpacho. The atmosphere is great. Made the mistake of ordering the veggie panini today and I now cannot believe I paid $10 for this. Hardly anything on it, just thick bread, but what is on it is overly salty and greasy mushrooms, a little spinach and hardly a roasted pepper in sight. You want to charge $10 for this? Then you might think about adding some pesto and losing the grease. I had to add my own avocado to even eat it. Did I mention salty? If you read this please consider putting some love into crafting a REAL veggie sandwich for your menu, then I will return again and again..
4 stars for the latte but I have to give 3 stars for the rest of the experience. The veggie sandwich was good in theory (all great ingredients) but it was SO greasy! Kinda defeats the purpose of a veggie sandwich. Idk if they dipped their veggies in lard before cooking but blech!
The other thing that is really lacking on their menu is a half sandwich/cup of soup lunch deal. They really need to get with the deal here as this is one of the most popular things to order for a lunch.
Check out there passion tea and chicken salad sandwich! You will not be disappointed! Curtis, the owner is so sweet and runs a great business go see them!
Chicken salad sammich was good.. little heavy on mayo... enjoyed the surroundings.. I will be back
Good food, chill indoor/outdoor vibe, dog-friendly (outdoors unless you have a service dog). You order at the counter and then they give you a number and bring it to your table. Very casual and cool. Tucked in amongst shade trees, little running water sculptures around and away from the street provides an oasis-like quality. Simple menu, but fresh, quality food and a friendly and efficient staff. Easy parking. This place keeps drawing me back for Cave Creek chilling.
Great relaxing atmosphere to kickstart any day
Great atmosphere! The roast beef panini was delicious. Nice outside seating, good for kids, funky artwork.
Stumbled upon this place with my husband and son - what a find!!! Loved the ambiance to start with - such a unique place with a patio that is perfect if you are dining with dogs! I had the iced tea (best I have ever had at a restaurant) and my son and husband had the Arnold Palmer - also delicious!. I had the southwestern salad - not only was it beautifully presented, but it tasted fabulous! My son and husband had the roast beef sandwich which they raved about! We will be going back to try breakfast! Service was friendly and our food was brought to the table not long after we settled in to enjoy our beverages.
Decent coffee and an interesting menu... plus, if you are an avid people and doggy watcher... it is the place to be,
Great coffee and the breakfast burritos were delicious.   would've really liked to have red salsa as an option.   Great outdoor seating area too!
Cool, hip atmosphere with a chill vibe.  Great coffee, creative menu.  Great place to hang out and use their Wifi or meet up with friends.  Big outdoor space that allows dogs (woof!) and wonderful interior with more great places and separate little rooms for more privacy.  I'll definitely come here again.
I stopped in earlier this week just to try a bagel and my verdict is it was good and so far was the closest to a good bagel that I've tried so far. The biggest difference really was the size these bagels here are double the size of others I've had . My first bagel here was the asiago . The asiago was a plain bagel baked with asiago cheese on the top that melts threw the middle and settles on the bottom . 

The Bagel was good and would be four stars for just bagels and cream cheese  and lox .


Yesterday a group of us went for sandwiches , two people had the Italian Hero's , one person had Liverwurst ( yes she did ! and she was thrilled to eat it ((not for me)) and I had pastrami on rye . The pastrami is boars head brand sliced thin so you know what that taste like it's not like a fresh cooked pastrami to me but it's ok and the rye bread is your typical Arizona rye that doesn't taste or have the texture of fresh baked rye bread from a bakery . Don't take what I said the wrong way , I am not saying anything was wrong with this sandwich , it was OK . I purchased a bagel and lox for latter , it is Adam Richman SLIDER SIZED it wickedly large , even if I only eat half I am not sure I can open my mouth big enough to eat it . (see photo) 

I just ate half of the lox and cream cheese sesame bagel,Gosh! it was good and wasn't in the same category as the pastrami sandwich , This place is truly between a 3 and a 4...... The bagels should be smaller so you can enjoy a whole sandwich as a bagel .

BUT, You might need to examine your Italian hero if you buy one because the casing wasn't removed on the pepperoni in the sandwich and had to be removed before eating .

Besides BIG BAGELS and a million different cream cheeses they make , breakfast , cold & hot sandwiches , Wraps , and they sell deli items buy the pound . This business is a great addition to this part of town even with the Arrowhead location only a few miles away .

as a slight update,1-2-12 I went back and purchased  an assortment of bagels some were very dense and not made correctly so I had to throw them out because you couldn't eat them. When you look at the case if you see smaller bagels they are most likely going to be very dense.
Am I back in NJ??? I almost thought so after purchasing a dozen bagels for take-home after eagerly awaiting this Bagel spot to open.
Yes, they are the same bagels I grew up on back east -- big, chewey yet crisp and full of seeds -- unmatched by any other bagel shop I've tried in AZ. So why not 5 stars? I still have to try their other items, and see how open they are to suggestions of making other types of bagels -- a black Russian??
FINALLY a decent place for breakfast and lunch in this area!!!  Whoopee!  

This Hot Bagels & Deli is very similar to the HB&D at 59th and the 101Hwy and the one up at Carefree and I17Hwy.  Same great menu and the same set up.  The only bad thing about this location is they are in the most hidden area of the Walmart Neighborhood Market strip center so unless you see their sign or search for them on Yelp, you may bot notice them.

Service~ they are new, still ironing out some kinks but all in all it was good service. 

Food~ Some of the best bagels you'll find in and around Phoenix metro. We had an issue with their pumpernickel bagels missing some of the "pumper" in the nickel (meaning it was too light and did not have that solid~dark brown pumpernickel taste).  It was very good though especially with a fried egg and sausage!  Their lox and slice nova is very good and so is their coffee.  They use a Kona blend that taste more like Kona than most other blends.  They use only Boars Head products and they make their bagels fresh onsite.

I look forward to seeing this new small business grow and become as popular as the other HB&D's I mentioned.  I am SO GLAD to see them open in this area that is struggling with a decent place to eat breakfast!!  I hope to see you there.
Stopped in to grab a couple coffees and a bagel sandwich one Saturday mid-morning. The place was packed! I ordered a plain bagel with ham & cheese (no egg), but when I opened it up, there was egg. :( That's okay, they were super busy and I know it happens. They use Boar's Head deli meats, which are delicious. For being a bagel joint, they have quite an extensive menu. Various cold & hot sandwiches, breakfast burritos, and sweet treats. They also sell their meats, cheese, flavored cream cheeses, and a few other items by the pound. They are a little hidden, at the far east end of the center, behind Bank of America, but it seemed obvious that it wasn't hard to find for all the people there!
Good stuff...tho will overcharge you on items if you not careful - ie. If you ask for the combo bagel and drink, make sure you get charged for the combo price, vs the individual items. Finally, though, a breakfast place on Happy Valley in between 43rd and 67th ave.
Love this place!  I'm so glad they opened up in the neighborhood!  Before that, I used to drive down to their 59th Ave & Behrend Dr location (also great) for my bagel fix.  The bagels here are huge, delicious, and very reasonably priced.  IMO, best in the Valley.  My husband and I are fans of the breakfast sandwich combo (choice of bagel, breakfast meat, egg & cheese, with coffee or a soda.)  I love mine with Taylor ham, egg, and cheese.  So good.  Also great getting a bagel and cream cheese.  My sons love the frosted cinnamon rolls.  I keep meaning to try the other sandwich offerings on the menu, but every time I walk in I just end up ordering bagels.  :)

Highly recommended!  I hope this place stays around for a long, long time.
Wow what a find this place was.  

-Fresh bagels
-Tons of cream cheese options
-fresh ground coffee

I had a lox and plain cream cheese bagel and it was terrific.  They didn't skimp on the lox at all which was great.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing.  

I will for sure make a trip back to this place when I'm on this side of town.
Absolutely love this place.  The bagels are made in house.  They are amazing!  The asiago is heavenly.  They use Boars Head meats too.  They are not shy with the meat when they craft your sandwich.  I usually eat half for lunch and the rest later.  It is quite filling and yummy.  They even have a bagel dog that is fabulous.  Breakfast sandwiches rock.  My children love this place as well.  The staff is very friendly and always happy to see you.  It doesn't get any better than this.
Ordered Italian hero on a sub to go. Bread was so stale it was inedible. Can't just run a sandwich shop on boars head meat alone. Gotta have fresh bread too. Cmon.
Can't believe that I have not tried this place yet...right around the corner from my house! What a little gem.

Food was great (we had breakfast) - great selection of bagels (all were fresh). I would and will be going back. This is my new quick stop place! They are FAST at filling orders too.... so no wait time! And, as others have mentioned --- the bagels are HUGE!

LOST STAR - the sitting area was not "clean". I had to clean my own table. This is hot button for me. I expect to be able to come in, order, and sit down at a clean table. The place was not that busy - so they just need to come out and clean every once in a while.
Went in one time. Bagels are way too salty!! Literally made me sick to my stomach. Never again!
You can not go wrong with this place, any bagel sandwich you can possibly order is amazing.  I usually decide to try new things, and i am not close to running out of combination, the owners/staff are amazingly helpful and are some of the most friendly and people in the biz.  Try a turkey, bacon, egg, and cheese on a jalepeno bagel.. awesome 

And to "dennis c." maybe you should not order the salt bagel next time, just a thought.
Great little place for a quick cup of coffee and a breakfast bagel.  Everytime I order it comes out super quick and it pretty good.  Very casual and its not big but the service is great.  The orange juice is in plastic bottles and I don't think tastes very good but so far everything else has been good.
Love the family feel, they remember me as a regular, fast, affordable and great service
We go here about once a month for breakfast bagels.  I only have 2 complaints.   First is this is so small with limited tables and because of this and because the building is on the East side, you are frying in the sun and the place is so damn hot.  We also have been to one on carefree highway and 59th ave.  All locations are good.
This really is the best place as well as 59th to get fresh bagels and lox...
I really hope the owners read this because both places are not kept clean in your eating area. The small garbage can is always over full and all of the seats and tables need to wiped down by you  , not your customers..  Anyone look at the floor recently and NOT at the end of the day.. ?
Service. Great Kona coffee Rocks..   I like to eat in and people watch but sitting in a mess is not worth it. I noticed that some other customers also remarked about this in both stores...
Hot Bagels has the best breakfast bagels and bagel lunch sandwiches!  Their prices are reasonable and service is super fast.  I only wish they had opened by us in Stetson!
Great local bagel shop!   Very fast and friendly and the food is really good.  We  usually go on the weekend to get bagel breakfast sandwiches for the whole family.  The suite is very small so we usually just get them to go - I would recommend anyone looking for fast service and really good food to try them out.
My wife and I were so happy when this location opened.  Awesome breakfast sandwiches and fantastic lunches.  Bagels are as good as east coast bagels.
My wife and I have been going here after our morning walk almost since they first opened. The bagel breakfast are very good and the prices are good. I think this is pretty much a family run business and they are friendly and efficient   It gets a little crowded some mornings and I have noticed lately that they seem to have become a little lax on keeping the table area clean   W usually have to clean our own table.  Also it is pretty warm eating inside because of the location of the grill   The should keep it a little cooler. You can eat outside but the sun is a little in your face in the mornings.  Bout all in all a great little asset to the neighborhood
I go to both this location and the one in tramonto, both are great.
Good and fast breakfast. I like to stop in here for a fast breakfast as they usually have orders up in a hurry and the food is pretty good. My only wish is that they have something other than regular coffee and creamer. If likely eat here more often if they did.
I have eaten at other Hot Bagel locations and have had a good experience. I would rate these experiences a solid 4 stars. However, yesterday I was served one of the saltiest meals I have ever eaten. I was even drunk at the time and it still tasted like crap. I got the Taylor Ham w/ egg and cheese. My friend said his sandwich was also very salty.

Plus, the ham was very thin which was disappointing to me. Yes, I understand that Taylor Ham is expensive, but you can just shave off a few small pieces and call it good!

I hate to say it, but Denny's can make a better sandwich than the one I had yesterday.
Best quick affordable breakfast in town and the lunch is great too! I frequent many local establishments but these guys get it, in and out and their service and great, the customer experience is great!

I live watching espn or the news over breakfast!
This very authentic Big-city style bagel shop is brand new and after two trips, I can say its my new favorite bagel place in Las Vegas.  The white fish salad is great and it comes at a much cheaper price than you get at the Bagel Cafe.  Pastries are good too.
Stopped by with girlfriend, ordered the egg bagel (asiago cheese) with ham with cheddar cheese. Added the crumb cake and apple juice. The bagel and crumb cake  were very good. Service and pricing was excellent, when comparing to Einsteins. Wish the egg was scrambled, compared to being over easy,  but overall would come here again.
I love bagels. period.  Especially a tasty "everything" bagel, lightly toasted and with lox shmear. Add a small cup of the Illy coffee that they serve and I am in breakfast heaven. 

The bagels are made fresh and they are perfectly crisp on the outside, and flavorful and chewy on the inside. They also sell fresh baked breads, serve sandwiches, pastries, and have a small deli selection as well.  But, I keep coming back for the bagels.  Although the matzo ball soup is also calling my name.  

I love the fact that this is a locally owned business and is on my way home from dropping off the kids at school. The service is quick and friendly. I have yet to dine in, because I am usually in and out but with Yiddish words painted on the wall, I at least learn a new word every visit.  Mazel Tov!
Ahhhh...just had a perfectly toasted everything bagel with their flavor of the day garlic parmesean cream cheese.  The restaurant is nice & clean with a comfortable seating area & nice decor.  I wish I lived closer cause I would eat here often.
I am addicted to illy coffee and they have it here, bless them!!  This place has gone through some change's/owners but they have finally gotten it spot on.  Good coffee, and bagels are just as they should be-soft on the inside and nice crunch on the outside.  I am not from NY, but this seems like it would fit the bill for many a Eastern seaboard transfer.
I love this place!  They have amazing rock salt bagels, which I haven't been able to find since living in Seattle. They also have lox or lox cream cheese. Service is always very fast, the shop is clean, and everyone is always very polite. If you love bagels, you have to try this place.
This is a good spot when you just want to chill, get away from all those fancy breakfast/brunch/lunch places in the main Las Vegas area and just eat good food. Bobby's Bagels Bistro is a place where I saw locals come in and out to buy bagels by a dozen. I got the lox bagel sandwich on a poppy bagel...wow! It was one of the best  lox bagel sandwiches I've had. Also, this place has a chill atmosphere and friendly staff.
This place was pretty good, I'm not much a bagel fan. I had the The Broadway turkey bacon sammie. It was big! I also had a blueberry bagel, which was great too.

The counter girl could learn to speak up a little bit, and if you're sick, please stay home (she kept wiping her nose on her sleeve) 

Return factor: meh, probably not.
It's going to be difficult to not draw comparisons to Bagel Cafe, seeing as how I've been going there for years.  Not only did my heart belong to Bagel Cafe, but it's only 1 mile from my house as opposed to the 3 miles it takes for me to get to Bobby's.  But they won me over today on my first visit.  Follow my adventure...

I actually didn't know this place existed until the Groupon deal came up recently.  I Yelp'ed the place and saw how well rated it was, so I picked up the $20 for $10 deal.  The place is only open 7am-3pm, though, and I'm rarely awake during those hours, so I wasn't sure when I could use it.  My sleep schedule flipped over today, though, so 7am was around mid-day for me.

I walked in and was instantly greeted by the girl that worked there, damn I can't believe I'm forgetting her name.  I asked what was good for breakfast, and she said the grill was on and she was making breakfast sandwiches on a bagel.  SOLD!

"What kind of bagel would you like?"  "Sesame."
"How would you like your eggs?" "Umm.... (eggs are eggs)  Surprise me!"

** I lose a lot of servers here, as they're afraid to bring me something I didn't order, but she was up for the challenge.

"What kind of cheese would you like?" "Umm... (challenge accepted!)   Surprise me!"
"Do you want to add ham, bacon, or sausage?"  "Yes.  Surprise me!"

Not scared in the slightest, she asked if I wanted a specialty coffee drink.  This I'm a little more picky about, so I ordered a vanilla latte.

She went to ring me up to pay, but I asked her not to, yet, since I had the Groupon and planned to figure out what else to buy while I ate.  No problems with that request either.

While I waited for my food, I looked over the menu and realized just how little I had spent so far.  Bagel sandwich was like $3.50, add meat for $1.25, and a vanilla latte was like $3.00.  She showed up with a huge, delicious beverage while I figured out my plan to burn off the rest of the Groupon.

The waitress showed up with a breakfast sandwich pretty quickly, and I was about to dive in when she asked me if I wanted to know what it was.  Sure.  Eggs over hard.  Muenster cheese.  Sausage.   She seemed proud of the combination, and I can't blame her as it was great.  This ain't no McDonald's breakfast.  And Bagel Cafe has nothing on the speed at Bobby's.

After my meal, I discussed my options.  I ended up with a half dozen of assorted bagels (3 sesame, 2 cinnamon, 1 oat), 1 small tub of nova cream cheese, 1 small tub of tuna salad, and 1 small tub of chopped liver for the ex.  I think I ended up paying like $1 or $2 over my Groupon after all that.

Here I am, 12 hours later, eating my second bagel.  Cinnamon bagel was a nice dessert/snack, but the toasted sesame seed bagel with the nova cream cheese on top is sooooo good.  This CRUSHES Bagel Cafe's nova cream cheese.  Bobby's has huge chunks of salmon, and it tastes amazing.

Good food, really friendly staff, great prices, there's not a lot to dislike about Bobby's other than their hours.  Sadly, I will likely not get to enjoy Bobby's very often.

Oh yeah, keep your eyes on LivingSocial this week... a little birdie told me they're running a $4 for $10 promotion for Bobby's, so you can try it out AND not feel like a glutton buying everything in the store like I did!

Oh yeah part 2, I'm sorry Bobby that owns Bobby's, but the video I posted below is Internet comedy gold.  The guy at 1:13 makes the video.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M96BDI0ou-A
I went there for lunch the other day to use my groupon. I had the empire state sandwich which is the roast beef sandwich. It was really good. The roast  beef was tender and well seasoned. Gotta go back and try other items on the menu.
I had high hopes for this place. I gave it a shot after getting a deal on Living Social, and was disappointed. The "bagels" are not "bagels". They have a bready and airy texture, that of a bagel you would find at say.. Vons. There is no dense, chew that you expect when biting into a real bagel. Not only this, my order was wrong, and when we asked to dine in, they brought us a to-go container.. 

I'm sorry to say, but I don't see this place lasting much longer. They are blatantly overstaffed, and while the owner was taking our order, he had to stop TWICE to explain to the cook behind the counter how to read the order slip of previous orders.. 

With that said, the people working were very nice, and the establishment looked very clean and well kept.. 

Please avoid this place, the bagels are literally.. bread. They look impressive from the case! Large, fat, and enticing.. But don't be surprised when you bite into a dry bready bagel. 

Save your money, and go to Bagel Mania on Twain and Swenson. The bagels are infinitely better, and true New York style. I would know, I'm a New York native!
We went to this place about two months ago and ordered two pastrami sandwiches to go.   I asked them to "deconstruct" them, meaning not putting the bread on the meat.  We got potato salad and a pickle with it.    The pastrami was really good when I made it at home.    The bread, not so good.  If it was rye, it sure didn't look like it or tasted like it either.       The other day we went back to get the pastrami again and this time it did not even look like Pastrami.   It was not "brisket pastrami" but "round pastrami" no the kind I wanted.   The young lady behind the counter just told me that they get what ever is sent to them, and wasn't too helpful.    I will call the owner-manager tomorrow.   Very disappointed!
Here on business, craving lox, theirs is very good! Bagels were perfect! Friendly staff.
Love this place!! Great bagels! Great service! Turkey bacon club with swiss on a bagel is the best clubs I've ever had and I worked at a sandwich place before. I can't want to go back again and eat more yummy food.
Great new little place that has opened up in Goodyear with very good Donuts, I really like their cake ones and their apple fritters too!
Very friendly staff and is just getting started.  We will be regulars!
Boba and donuts..great combo. The donuts are awesome. Moist and delicious.
Fresh and absolutely delicious
Awesome donuts. The west side has been waiting for a place like this for a while now.
Great addition to the area.  Will be back soon!
Bubble teas and sweet sweet carbs...

The West Valley doesn't have a lot of good options for people who like nonstandard Asian fare.  Growing up in Taiwan for a while, my bubble tea intake has been limited to trips to Chandler.  No more!  And my little girl loves the donut holes with her taro boba slush once a week.  I may be giving her diabetes, but she's a happy kid.

The staff is very nice and works to accommodate.  My hope is that they will do well despite the lack of street advertising.  We customers will need to put the word out so they stay in town.  The Avondale Sports Center area would be even better as a location!  Imagine: A butter burger from Culver's + Express Donut bubble tea.   Mmmmmm...
My hubby found this little gem through yelp (Thanks!!), and as we discussed when to pay them a visit, we got to talk about how it reminded us of all the little donut places in CA.  When we finally went earlier today, and as they were getting ready to replenish more of the filled donuts (lemon, blueberry, raspberry, Bavarian, etc), we got to talk to the young lady helping us, she shared that it's a family owned and operated business, she's at the front counter, her cousin is the baker, and her mom is the owner/manager. They come from Long Beach (no wonder!), and we decided that these are the BEST donuts we have ever had before (including the ones in Cali), so soft and fluffy, and delicious. And they are so friendly, they make you feel very welcome!
   We got a dozen of them, my kids enjoyed the classics chocolate with sprinkles, the glazed twisted, I had an orange glaze (yummy), lemon filled, apple fritter;  and there are a couple different ones waiting for us in our pink box. We also enjoyed a regular coffee and a Pia Colada Smoothie with Bobba, yummy!
   If you find yourself in the West Valley craving for a good donut, make sure you head this way, you won't be disappointed!!
There is no other place on this side of town that comes close... seriously name another independent donut shop! Great service, better donuts... get the eclaire! Good coffee too... Discovered it two weeks ago and probably been there around six times... can't beat it, and its also a small business in which you can talk to the owners, and get to know the whole family... so go support them its a win/win except for your waist line!
Finally! Boba in the west valley! 

They have a large variety of smoothies and drinks as well as some DELICIOUS donuts! I of course tried the Taro with boba and not only is it a beautiful shade of my favorite color, purple...it was absolutely DELICIOUS!  My lemon filled donut was also really good.  The young lady working the counter was very friendly and helpful.  

I really hope this place makes it! Locally owned and that is what I support!!!
Delicious donuts (check)
Friendly service (check)
Prices are reasonable (check)
Will be going often (check)
Super convenient location (check)
This place is great! Great friendly service, terrific donuts, milk tea and boba! So glad I found them and they are in the neighborhood! :-)
Amazing donuts and coffee. So fresh! When I ordered a vanilla-hazelnut iced late, they asked if I like a more coffee taste. More coffee flavor of course, but the fact they took the time to ask the question is a sure sign I'll be a regular here. The donut was a crueler and it was ridiculously fresh and soft. Crazy delicious.
Fabulous donuts, great prices, friendly service - this place rocks!

I'm so happy that we have some place like this in the west valley now. I'd much rather support this delicious fabulous local business then a huge ok franchise.  Selection is great and they were just as delicious when we broke into them the next morning then they were when we bought them.  

We will be back!
Tasted like any old donut to me, not bad, not great. I would not drive all the way over to this place and pass Basha's and Fry's donuts as the was nothing special about these.

I would eat here again if I was in the area.
I highly reccomend their Donuts
They have the best donuts in Arizona!!!
Took us a long time to find a great donut shop, 
but their donuts are the best, Hands down!!!
Other reviewers already said all the good stuff, so all I can do is leave my 5-star rating.

Highlights: - Amazing customer service!
- We went for the boba & were not disappointed.  (Best boba we've had and we've tried it in Los Angeles, Las Vegas, San Antonio, Washington D.C & in France & Germany!)  The server experimented with a mixture of milk tea flavors for us & had us try a sample before making the final drink.  Additionally, we like the boba drink with less ice & more watery - the server asked us a few questions about it to ensure she made it just right.  The boba itself was perfectly textured & with just the right amount of sugar/honey.
- Donuts were great as well!
Will absolutely be going back often!
Neon sign displaying Boba caught my eye when I pulled up. I ordered three donuts which were nice and fresh. They have the usual variety of Boba flavors but decided to try the strawberry mango and I hate strawberry flavor. The cold drink is nice for a summer day and blended smoothly. Highly recommend if you never heard of Boba and have an open mind. Go support the local business and and enjoy a great donut.
I had given up donuts to watch my girlish figure - but to heck with that.  I will run a few more laps to be able to treat myself to these donuts.  They look like Fry's donuts, but when you eat them, they are like a sweet fluffy cloud.  So yummy!  The family who runs the place could not be nicer.
Friendly staff, good donuts, awesome boba! Glad this place is open and everything I've had so far has been great! The customer service is excellent! I recommend the avocado boba. It's refreshing and delicious! Every Sunday is boba Sunday!
Stopped by to pick up a few donuts and OMG those donuts were AMAZING!!!!!!  We will be back for more.
LOVE THE DONUTS THEY SERVE HERE. Having said that... I'm not happy with their prices and this might be unfair, but honestly, it's a simple donut.  I can't believe I paid almost a dollar for an average sized donut.  It's a great tasting donut, but come on!  I would have been just as happy with 2 donuts from Basha's or Fry's for that price.

I tried a boba smoothie.  Strawberry Mango: the boba was great, not one overcooker/ hard boba ball, but the smoothie was more mango than I expected. Mango overpowered the strawberry, it wasn't even a fair fight... Mango smoked Strawberry hands down.  Next time, I'll order a single flavor smoothie, instead of trying to get fancy-smanschie combo flavors.
Absolutely delicious with the friendliest service ever.  What a treat for Goodyear!
All I can say is YUM! Not only is the staff super friendly the donuts are delicious! They are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and the icing? Awesome! I will definitely be back but next time I am only getting the exact amount we need so I don't keep eating the leftovers lol
I started coming here every 2nd sunday of the month for a car meet held in the area, this is the hot spot for sure. The donuts are really great, can't image when its hot and fresh, probably blow my mind.

On the side, they have boba tea which is really good, my favorite is taro and will ALWAYS be my favorite flavor.
Went here the other day and got the taro-coconut boba. The actual boba was good. It was soft and chewy, which is how I like my boba. The taro-coconut was blended and was grainy since they use the powder milk tea flavoring. The girl working the counter was very sweet and helpful. Overall, I enjoyed it and will try to visit again.
iv had alot of donuts in my life and these guys are something special, Every donut is delicious and soft, I don't eat donuts from any other place anymore...I'll be surprised if there not voted best in AZ by the New Times in 2013
Stopped here on the way to LA.  The staff were all really nice.  Family owned.  Got the vanilla donut with nuts.  Was good but a bit too sweet for me.  Will stop by on the next drive to LA for breakfast.
Nice lady behind the counter. Ham and swiss croissant rolls were pretty good. My daughter really liked her donut, but on the whole it was just too pricey to justify going back.
Very, very good donuts.  If you're on a diet have just one... and when you start to feel guilty about it have another to remind yourself why it was all worth it.
I came here on Yelp recommendations.  It was good!  I asked for a chocolate icing donut but got glazed.  Meh.  I guess she didn't understand me.  The glazed donut was just OK.  Nothing to write home about.  I also got the taro boba but w/o the boba.  Not bad.  Not great but passes muster for our side of town.  The ladies at the counter was nice and friendly.
I love that they make boba drinks here! And that they are actually authentic milk teas. The boba is soft and really fresh too. I haven't tried the donuts, so I don't know if they are actually good or not...but they look good in the case and the prices (.79 for a regular donut) are good too!
Just as good as Rainbow Donuts and it is in Goodyear
These are seriously yummy donuts!!! Locally owned and operated, nice customer service. I don't get the boba drinks (must be an acquired taste!) but the donuts rock! Best apple fritters and blueberry cake donuts EVER!
Love this place.  Their prices are very reasonable as well. I like getting the ham  and cheese with jalapeo croissant and iced Thai tea with boba. My kids love the boba.
An occasional donut as a treat is nice.  Grocery and convenience store donuts are ok but rarely fresh.  I found Express Donuts cooks their products on site.  The baker fires up the ovens and fryers at midnight.  

To take donuts to my 5 am job, I have to buy them the afternoon before.   That means they sit all day at the store and overnight at my home before I start work.  They taste old by that time.  

I was telling the very nice sales person I wanted two dozen assorted donuts for tomorrow's work.  She suggested ordering now and pickup at 4 am.  Express Donuts does not open until 5 am.  She said they can schedule early orders with enough notice.   

Wow, I'm going to be the hero in the morning.  Hot fresh donuts are a great way to start a Friday.  Thanks for being accommodating to my odd schedule!
I just came here & have been here before the donuts are excellent....MANAGEMENT is the problem they have set hours & this is the 3rd time I have stopped here & they are closed before the actual time. I will find another donut spot they indeed lose me as customer....Can't run a business like that....Management set your time, hire responsible people, & don't close before hours.
I looked this place up on Yelp yesterday because I wanted to try boba tea. The young woman working at the counter was really helpful: she explained all the types of teas and smoothies they sell and made me a chai boba tea and it was amazing! I also grabbed a dozen donuts, and the family loved them. Great little place, I will be back.
I have been quite curious about this place since it is the ONLY donut place close to us here in Goodyear. We were not disappointed! The donuts are FANTASTIC! They also sell boba which was so so good. Blended to the right consistency. I can't wait to become a regular here.
The donuts were pretty good, fluffy and soft, and the service was good, however the place has a bit of a shabby appearance. I wasn't too fond of the sweet tea, it was ultra strong and not very sweet.
Fluffy krispy kreme like doughnuts! 
Girl at the front counter is very nice.
It was my first time trying boba and the
staff is really helpful, I had sweet milk tea boba
and it was DELICIOUS. Small little family owned 
doughnut shop 10x better than Dunkin. 
Will be a regular customer : )
My husband and I finally stopped after years of passing by. We got 12 donut holes for $1.29, croissant, and drinks. I wish I did not try the donut holes only because they are too good. I ate two and gave my husband the bag otherwise I would have easily consumed them all. The staff is also VERY nice and accommodating. We will make this place a regular stop.
This place has been here in Goodyear for at least over a year now.  It is still just as good as it was when it opened. They are always the best, freshest donuts in town. I literally had a fresh out I the fryer maple long john that was amazing! They are always friendly and helpful and have great prices. I hope Goodyear residents continue to frequent this shop so it stays here for a long time! We recommend the maple long johns, buttermilk bars, an the chocolate glazed. But everything we have had has been fantastic! The Iced Thai Tea boba is great too! I have been wanting a place to get boba for awhile now and when I am in the mood I can just pop in! :)
This place is a perfect example of why people should gravitate more towards locally owned businesses as opposed to corporate owned chains. 

The donuts are top notch and reasonably priced. They make the donuts fresh, which beats your quick gas station donut on the run. 

I got a dozen donuts and my two favorites were the strawberry glazed cake donut and maple long john. The cake donuts are incredibly moist and the regular donuts are very light and fluffy with the perfect amount of frosting. 

This place also offers smoothies and teas with or without boba and espresso!
The donuts are really good, 79 cents for a donut and a 1.29 for the bigger one. Nice soft, and good size. Right near my work. I will admit there is another bakery that I do love that ha s donuts and other breads there service is better...but the lady who served me today was nice at the end. I will come back especially since this one is closer.
Love the donuts and love supporting local businesses. They are always so kind and inviting.
Some of the best donuts I've ever had. And the service is even better. They are great people making great donuts. :)
This place is an awesome find! The doughnuts are fresh and light...no greasy after-taste like the chain donuts! The donut holes are like little sweet clouds of yum..The prices are very reasonable too!
Check it out...you won't be disappointed.
When I heard Goodyear was getting a place that serves boba smoothies,I was stoked! Went in when they first opened and will never stop going back. Not to mention their maple bars are to die for! Service has always been exceptional. Once they knew I was a regular,I was treated as if I was a friend. I tell all my friends about this place.
Amazing locally owned business with great service and even better donuts. This
place is about 10 minutes away but we get up on saturday mornings just to get our fix. The donuts are just so fresh and soft tasting! Really is a must try in the west valley!
I'm from a donut town-Dallas, TX, so I know what good donuts taste like. Anyway,  this place is not too bad. I've had better.  Donuts taste good in the morning, but after 11am, the taste is not the same. I haven't gone there much lately and last time I was there I asked if they made pig-in-a-blanket,  and she got so offended when I asked how come they didn't make them. It was just a question,  lady.  Anyway, I just wish they made pig-in-a-blanket.  But you can't have everything in the world!
Absolutely in love with this place. I woke up wanting doughnuts and coffee and  after searching yelp came upon this little gem. The customer service was GREAT. We had gotten a dozen of mixed doughnuts and I had asked for a blended thai tea. The cashier let me know it would be a minute for the tea because they had a line out the door.  That was fine with me so my little family and I grabbed a table and munched on what we hard already purchased..... mmmmm so light and fluffy and perfectly sweet. So good that my boyfriend had decided to purchase a second dozen. We also tried one of their ham and cheese croissants.  Still warm and gooey. Can't wait to go back!
Bought assorted donuts and boba beverages at the end of the day, an hour before closing. Assuming the donuts were already a few hours old, they were still perfect. Soft and airy. The glaze wasn't overwhelmingly sweet and excessive. I would say they are on par with some of the established donut makers. The drinks with boba were an additional treat. Like their donuts, they don't drown you with excessive sugar or flavoring. I would recommend it to anyone that lives in the West Valley. I am withholding a star because their store needs a little aesthetic work. So come on and support this local donut shop!
Family owned and they are so friendly and their donuts are amazing!  Light and airy and not expensive at all.  They have great coffee also.  The croissant filled with ham, cheese and jalapeno is killer heated.  The diet goes RIGHT out the window when I open the door
Donuts are excellent! I went in 20 minutes before they closed and the donuts were very fresh and still a large selection. Prices are good as well.
The best donuts on the west side of town!
Express Donuts is the place for west valley residents. Their buttermilk bar is always fresh and always delicious. I've never had poor service, and I always recommend this place to anyone wanting a GUARANTEED delicious donut. Their blueberry donut is also pretty freakin' bomb. I'm not much for deviating from the classic buttermilk, but I haven't been disappointed every time I try something new. Express Donuts know their customers and know their donuts! Someone once told me Rainbow Donuts were the best in town...shame on you for feeding me those lies!
There is a reason this place has a line out the door on the weekends... awesome donuts! The apple fritter is definitely my favorite. They are even good a day later :) I will be back for sure!
The best donuts!  FRESH and GREAT price!!  We are there every sunday morning with the line out the door!  Love supporting the local small businesses
I can't get enough of express donuts! I love love love their donuts. It melts in your mouth with the right amount of sweetness unlike other donuts. They have good customer service, nice and friendly people. My favorite of all time is the the chocolate glazed donut.  I want more please.
Very good spot clean and friendly staff 2 other location one in aliante and another on rainbow, always get there turkey cheese or veggie wrap for breakfast always good and fast service.
They are right next door to a super busy starbucks, and so I went in one day to see what it was like.  I was very underwhelmed with the service.  The counter makes it kind of hard to see what they are doing behind while making the food.  I was actually late to work becuase they took so long with making my bagel and ringing me out.  The staff is friendly enough but somewhat slow so don't go if ur in a rush!
Popped in here for a quick snack and needed something different.

Small little bagel deli'ish establishment. Got a pastrami bagel sandwich that was decemt. Wasn't horrible, but it definitely didn't hit the mark, or very close to it for that matter.

The young man served me in about 5 minutes and then promptly returned to the table of young girls he had been talking to when I came in. 

I'd keep shopping around.....
Not sure why this place has so few stars.  Solid bagels and schmear.
This place is tucked away in between a busy Starbucks and a large grocery store, among other small mom and pop shops. I needed a quick bite to eat and didn't want to deal with the line at Starbucks so I decided to pay a visit.

There's a huge poster in the entrance that advertises their $3 special for bagel with cream cheese and coffee. Bingo! I made my way in to divulge in their special. The dining area isn't anything extravagant, it's just what you need with lots of tables and chairs. Walking up to the order stand, I was quite disappointed to see that three-fourths of their bagel selection wasn't available. It was 10:50 AM so I wasn't sure that they just sold out of everything earlier in the morning or if they don't offer a large selection as listed. I opted for a simple blueberry bagel with cream cheese. 

Unlike Einstein Brothers where you can see the preparation of your food, this place has a huge wall from the order stand to the cashier's stand so preparation isn't visible. Whatever, I figure you can't mess up a bagel with cream cheese. They toasted my bagel (I didn't ask for this but I think I'd be annoyed if I didn't want it toasted) so that it had a nice crunch. But the bagel had absolutely no flavor. Blueberries? Nah, this bagel had me scratching my head wondering where the blueberry good ran off to.

They serve regular coffee as well as vanilla flavored coffee. Their vanilla coffee was pretty good, can't complain about that. 

As the name states, this place serves gyros and deli sandwiches. Their "New York" bagels didn't impress me so I'm not sure if I'll be back anytime soon to try other items on their menu.  Sad face.
Visited last thursday to get a quick gyro fix. Opted for the gyro platter. it was 50 cents more than the gyro it's self. But let me tell you, it was well worth it. Came with a huge portion of meat on top of a pita with lettuce tomato and onion on the side. Along with your cucumber dill dip you can opt for fries or hummus. Man that hummus was delightful. Not to grainy or oily but perfect for the soft pita i had. Will definitely have to try the bagels next.
Almost forgot to mention, I had so much leftover that I took it home.
I was dying to eat it the next afternoon only to come home to my roommate begging for the name of the place. At least we enjoyed it together!
The service here was terrible. How do you screw up an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich? I knew that I was in trouble when the guy asked me if I wanted the bagel toasted. Yes, and please cook the egg and melt the cheese.

I award you no stars and may God have mercy on your soul.(Yelp won't let me give zero stars.)
awesome food, good prices, nice speedy service
This place is small & has irregular hours, but a pretty extensive bagel menu, excellent schmears, & from my experience (& having tried this place bc o review from a native New Yorker) this place has the closest to authentic you will find, outside "The City", at least in "Sin City". There is also a good variety of sandwiches, but j have never tried the gyros. Overall, worth checking out & a great $5ish breakfast/lunch!
The BLT is delicious. About once a week I get a craving and this place really delivers. My husband grabs us bagel and smear (mine with tomato) and 3/4 of the time it is correct. (Full disclosure: my husband has a German accent. So it might be a language barrier) I think this place is a gem. Support local business.
One of my favorite places in Las Vegas to get a gyro. Staff is always friendly. Bagels are also good, but I rarely get one because the gyros are so awesome.
I love this bagel shop, they have sandwiches and gyros. I had a salt bagel Mediterranean sandwich, it was amazing. My son had a chocolate bagel w cream cheese. The food is super quick and the service is awesome. Found a new spot for some delicious grub.
Love this place... I've never had the bagels but love the gyro! So good. I would give five stars but the place could really use some freshening up inside and the ordering experience is always odd (order, stand with a bunch of people, 5 min later you can pay, then stand around until someone yells out your order) probably sounds picky but it's just weird.
Hate to say it, but I saw cockroaches on the floor near the restrooms. Didn't order anything.  Immediately left.
Great service and awesome food. Love their gyros! Just hate the fact their closed on Fridays :(
The best New York style bagel I've had in a while. Got a toasted everything bagel with plain schmear. Medium size bagel, great texture and taste. I wanted milk but they ran out ... I'd pick this over Einstein's any day. In the strip mall that shares the Smith's parking lot. Bleh atmosphere.

Call in your order to save some time when you're late (my lifelong battle)
Mon-Fri:  6am-4pm
Sat-sun : 7-2
This place is awesome! We were visiting from hawaii and we got to meet Ramona and the staff... they were very friendly and the food was great. We all (4 )ordered different things and it was to die for. We don't have this kinds of stuff here in hawaii so it was a treat for us! We will be back here for sure next time... don't worry ramona, we will be sending you a postcard soon!
We were looking forward to trying this place as we've lived in the area for some time.  We recently had a family member from out of state visiting us and he went into this establishment for us on a Saturday morning and had a very negative experience in that the  young man working behind the counter abruptly asked, "What do you want?" as our guest was scanning the menu options.  Our guest proceeded to ask a question regarding an item or two and got another abrasive and even sarcastic response along with a smirk and chuckle followed by "Well are you going to order?"  Our guest replied "no thanks" and walked out then proceeded to go to Safeway next door for his bagels.  Needless to say we'll never know whether Oasis has good food or not as the service and attitude was so poor we'll never go in.  We have and continue to work in the service industry somewhat and we know that the best way to protest poor service or food is not to patronize the restaurant or business.
The BEST bagels in the Valley!  Breakfast, lunch, and dinner if you like. Bagel sandwiches are fantastic!
Here is a real review of this place.  We were visiting family over Thanksgiving who live WAY out in Goodyear and walked down to the bagel shop for breakfast one day.  The bagels are GREAT!  They have very nice looking pastries (my son had a donut but I didn't get to try it because he ate it so fast).  I had their stock coffee which was very good coupled with flavored creamer.  The wait staff was very helpful.  They also have some great looking ice cream!  The place is cramp inside but the tables outside were very roomy.  I would definitely visit again next time we come into town.
I stop in regularly for a cup of coffee before I head to work. Honestly, this little place is just what I've been waiting for since we moved up here 8 years ago. Good coffee, delicious bagels and pastries plus a few other menu items. I'm always greeted with a smile and the staff is so helpful. The place is clean and photography adorns the walls. You can either sit inside or outside on the patio tables. Either way, it's always good.
Oasis Bagels provides amazing, good-quality food along with exceptional customer service. The sandwiches, drinks, and pastries are all very well prepared, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Must-eat for anyone in the Estrella Mtn. Ranch neighborhood in Goodyear, AZ!
Great bagels, yummy coffee, friendly service. The ONLY reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is they get slowed down significantly by only having one toaster. Sometimes it takes a very long time to get my order. Other than that, it's great!
I WILL NEVER PATRONIZE THIS PLACE AGAIN IF IT'S THE LAST EATERY ON EARTH FOR A MEAL.

Bagels were ok but the attitude and reception from the owner is a MINUS (-5) but that grading is not possible but definitely warranted for this Owner and her establishment.
I live in the Estrella Mountains and only minutes from this place so the wife and I frequented the store for weeks hoping to patronize local eateries and establishments. And one thing became very apparent each and every time we went there...the owner of the establishment completely ignored us. 

At first my wife and I thought maybe she was busy and didn't notice us, but being such a small place you get to know everyone relatively quickly, ESPECIALLY, if they frequent your business each and every weekend.  So we decided to say hello to her on one of our weekly Saturday visit to and see if we read it incorrectly and give her the benefit of the doubt, but sure enough she never acknowledged us at all.  Not even a smile!  But it gets worse... she walked passed us to greet another customer sitting next to us that arrived after we were seated. So I looked at my wife and said "it couldn't be because we are a interracial couple, huh?"  Oh maybe we were invisible or covered in manure... It just had to be something we ourselves could not see or notice ourselves.  I really didn't get it!

So we went a few more times because this just couldn't be the case in the 21st Century with a Black President.  Heck No!  Sure enough a few more Saturdays passed and not even a look in our direction.  

I truly wish I could express how I feel about such people but I want this message be read and the message get out that this is our discovery dealing with this store never to spend another dime with them again.  R.I.P.
Our family loves this place. I read a recent review that feels they are racially biased. I don't see much of this issue as I go through my day, and I sure don't see it here. We are a racially mixed family, and the whole staff, including the couple that own the place, are always so nice to us. As for their product;  top shelf!  So nice to see others in the community embrace a locally owned place. Quality and friendly always wins.
Say no to oasis on bagels.  Bagels were hard and they did not even cut them or give me any cream cheese.  I ordered over a dozen and the least I'd expect was for them to be cut and fresh.  Only thing else I've tried was their smoothies, and they were not what I expected.
I Love Oasis Bagels.  Most importantly they have great bagels.  unlike anything else you will find.  Good omlettes, and the chicken sandwich for lunch is my favorite.  I have been many times and find the quality to be always good.  A great part of the community and neighborhood.  Friendly people and a great meeting place.
What a difference a REAL BAGEL tastes like!  My entire family, Including a high school and college kid love this place. So nice to have a quick and Quality place to send my kids instead of fast food. Lovely staff, great coffee, free wifi. All the bagel flavors are awesome. Try the almond cookies!!
We have been going here for the past two years or so. Great bagels, sandwiches, and coffee drinks.  Definitely a nice place to have in Estrella.  The staff is friendly and I usually always see the owner (or whom I assume to be the owner) out and about interacting and working hard.
Breakfast is really good with the bagel sandwiches. The spreads are really flavorful and fresh. Tends to get crowded inside, so you may have to sit outside. Not the fastest service in town, but worth the wait. Make sure and use the punch card every time to get your free bagel sandwich after 9 purchases.
Fresh baked bagels are so good during the morning commute.  I pick the smoked salmon "special" on an everything toasted bagel most mornings.  Egg and ham on a jalapeno bacon bagel is also awesome.  Usually busy in the mornings is a good sign for a small business surrounded by competitors.   At 6 am there are more people waiting in line here than at the new Mc Donald's across the parking lot.   

Enjoy good fresh cooked breakfast and lunch and support a local small business - the classic win win.
Fresh bagels with a variety to choose from, I think this place is fantastic.  Fresh coffee with lots of special drinks including cappuccino and iced coffee.

The bagels are awesome, they even have special sandwiches including my favorite of lox!  They have blueberry, egg, plain, gluten free, etc.  You can taste the freshness, make sure you get a punch card so you can get your free bagel after 9 purchases.  Very nice and a true joy to get good bagels so far up this mountain, instead of driving down the hill.

The service is fine, perhaps because we are regulars I feel we get better service.  But I think all the customers get treated well at this place.

The complex is growing and with the new McDonald's I hope this place continues to thrive since I am a sucker for small businesses.  

Plenty of parking, located right next to the Safeway and maybe next time I will try their gelato and Italian ice cream.

Yes, I like this place a lot.
I love this place! Great food, great service and great value! I came here mainly for breakfast and really didn't think it could be better for lunch....man was I wrong! Their roast beef was amazing and paired with a bagel that is baked fresh in the AM....Mmmmmmm! I really love how friendly everyone is and the punch card makes me feel like I am getting something in return for being a loyal customer! Great addition to EMR!
I'm really surprised to read some of these reviews...

I have visited this place at least 2 handfuls of times over the past year and I have never found the staff or the owner to be anything other than polite and helpful and happy to have me there!

The bagels are fantastic.. even my east coast employees agree
i often will buy a bakers dozen and spreads to bring to the office and they slice them and even bag the "seeded/covered" bagels separately from the normal bagels.

The jalapeo bagel is official and I do love the breakfast sandwiches.

This place is awesome and is a really nice addition to our little resort community.
If you are in Estrella, get some oasis bagels..  you'll leave happy
Best Bagels in Arizona!  Yummy sandwiches.  Great service...always smiling & friendly
Mom and Pop's Bagel and Bakery just opened, and I am so happy and excited they did!  The bagels are crackley on the outside and tender and chewy on the inside.  Besides bagels, they also make omelettes to order and offer bagel sandwiches and homemade salads by the pound, as well as other European-style baked goods (light, airy and not too sweet - perfect!).  I really liked the Russian Salad Ham Rolls and pretty much all of the bakery items.  This will definitely be a regular breakfast/lunch stop spot for me, as it is close to work and everything I have tried so far is yummy and the people are so nice!  

More on the desserts -  Mom and Pop's desserts are the best I have had so far since moving to Phoenix.  They are very different than those offered by most of the bakeries in Phoenix (like Wild Flower and Paradise Bakeries) - highly recommend trying them out if you want to treat your taste buds to a little something special and unique.
I Stopped at Mom & Pop's today and am I ever glad I did.  Gergana let me taste a few samples and I was sold.  I am so excited that she is making dinner rolls for our Thanksgiving meal.  They are going to be delicious. Yum Yum!!
This is a great place to stop for a business meeting, to meet a friend or stop in for a smoothie or coffee.  So glad they are in my neighborhood.
We went to this super cute and quaint place for a quick bite to eat after the Graffiti Run this weekend. It sounded super cute and had a 5 star rating (noticed there was only 2 reviews after going, whoops!). When we got there the service was great! They weren't that busy and really catered to us and our newbie-ness.

I ordered the ham and cheese omelet with an everything bagel... first I was served a ham and cheese sandwich on an everything bagel. But they were really quick to fix the mess up :) Once I got my real order, the omelet was just ok, nothing super special about it. It did seem a little too thin, which I don't really prefer but it was alright. My friend ordered the veggie omelet and somehow they completely forgot the cheese, sad. :( Their coffee wasn't the strongest but was decent. The bagels were actually pretty tasty! Although served plain. But they were quick to give me some cream cheese, so no biggie there.

As we were getting ready to leave, the girl at the front came out and gave us a couple bags of bagel chips, on the house!, so that we could have a tasty snack to eat while watching the game that day. So that was an awesome bonus!

Also, their Gouda cheese filled pasty... amazing! Same goes for their apple klotchkies! YUM!
Great Family Deli! We ordered fresh made bagels, fresh made Bread and fresh inhouse pastries. I own a restaurant myself and understand this family is putting there heart into every product they make. Give it a try you won't be disappointed!
We visited this cute-enough little bagel/pastries shop (located in a 'blah' strip mall) for a late breakfast. My wife and I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese bagel sandwich. It came with a free soda/coffee, which was a nice touch - except they were out of decaf (which my wife only drinks). Both our bagels were cold and rather tough. The sandwich also lacked any detectable seasoning, making it very boring. 

I noticed in other reviews about how friendly the owners are; and we definitely were able to witness that for ourselves. Both "Mom" and "Pop" came out from the kitchen to ask how everything was and thank everyone for their business - even bringing out a bag of free bagels to go! 

Unfortunately, this attention was only directed at the table NEXT to us, who seemed to be personal friends of the owners. As for the other  three tables of guests in the restaurant? ...nothing. Not a "Hello", "How is your food?", or even a "Thank you" when we left! "Pop" even bumped into me when I was putting my tray in the garbage and didn't say "excuse me" - it was bizarre. 

So, if below average bagels are your thing and you love to be unappreciated when giving a small business your money; you just found your perfect restaurant!! Sorry "Mom & Pop", I don't think you're going to make it unless you start to make EVERY guest feel like a table of your friends.
Had lunch here once. 

Service was friendly, they even gave me some desserts to try that were yummy (apple and cherry Strudel?)

Had the lunch special, turkey on Momma's white bread and came with a drink for 6.99. Kind of pricey for the size of the sandwich if you ask me but the meat was moist ( I think it was your standard Boar's Head deli meat) and the bread was thick and spongy but nothing really special. Want to come back to try their bagels.
I've been there twice. The first time I got a load of pastries to go (which turned out to be yummy!) and the second time I went for breakfast. Both times, the service was great and the food was great. I don't know what it's called, but there's a filo dough "tube" filled w/ spinach and cheeses... get it!  Their signage is practically non-existent, so they're unfortunately easy to miss. It's worth a visit.  :)
It's so hard these days to find a place that makes real fresh-baked stuff. (Lots of places advertise "fresh baked," but if you ask the right questions you'll find out it's just processed, pre-prepared stuff that gets shipped to the store, and all the store has to do is pop it in the oven.) 

So when I drove by here after going to lunch in the shopping center I stopped to check it out. The girl at the counter was so friendly, and had answers to all my (annoying) questions. This place is the real deal when it comes to fresh-baked goodies. And while I really only went in there to check it out and ask questions, she was so nice that I bought a brownie. 

OH MY GOODNESS, that brownie was TO DIE FOR!

And to top it off, she threw some complimentary bagels in the bag for me as I walked out with my tiny little purchase. I was so blown away by the service, the genuine care about the customer, and the brownie that the first thing I did when I got home was create a yelp account so I could review this place. This is a real mom and pop shop, and it's obvious they're putting their whole hearts into this place. It would be lovely if more people went and enjoyed what they had to offer. 

So, to sum up: I went in solely to interrogate them about their baked goods, and unexpectedly left with the most amazing brownie I've ever tasted, some free bagels, and so pumped up from the "WOW" experience that I joined yelp just to give them some internet high-fives.

I'm sure they deserve 5 stars, but I'll have to wait til I go back and try their breakfast menu and sandwiches.
Great location, right off the 101 hwy.  Wonderful friendly service and excellent bagels!  The coffee is always brewed perfectly!
Bagel  what bagel? There were 5 bins and only 3 to select from. Yep this was on a Sunday at 10:30. They said it was because of a morning rush!
The Apple Strudel was GOOD but not to die for.
Too bad because the service was fantastic, the store was very clean and warm.
 The menu was clear and  priced in the OK range.
There is a lot of competition in the area so for a lox and bagel sandwich I will go elsewhere.
 I did like the atmosphere and wish I could bring myself to spend $ to keep this place going but they will have to STEP IT UP....
"Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. My husband had the most delicious omelet and I had a bagel sandwich. Their bagels are really good. The service is great. Some of the best service we have ever had! Their pastries were delicious as well! The owner could not be nicer. My only critique would be they should add some more bagel and cream cheese flavors.
I ordered the ham, cheese, and egg bagel sandwich and it came out cold. The ham was the cheap four by four ham. The bagel wasn't even toasted!!  How do you not toast the bagel!  My buddy had a bagel with cream cheese and they didn't toast that either!  Strange!   The price was expensive $7.99 for a mediocre sandwich and a 6 oz drink.   Also, "Pops" seemed scary with his demeanor and for him being the Chef he had open toed sandals on and no hairnet or hat!!!   I won't go back and I think they won't last another 4 months.
Love little mom and pop joints like this .. Especially when mom and pop make the food! I enjoyed the ground beef sausage type meat and their bread is moist and spongy ... Decent price and the place is  well kept and clean
My girlfriend and I were searching yelp for a quick breakfast stop and landed here.  I ordered omelet with the bagel and a small coffee. Very affordable! Great value for the money.  And it was delicious.  My girlfriend ordered the sausage breakfast sandwich and really enjoyed that as well. The family is very friendly and wasn't afraid to talk to customers.  Also, as we were leaving, the son offered us free pastries to try and we gladly excepted.  I had the cream cheese filled and my girlfriend had the apple filled. They were both exceptional pastries! We will definitely be back! Always nice to support local business!
This place is fabulous.. everything is home made, the service is amazing and the place is always spotless. Funny how some complained that their bagels were not toasted.. obviously not bagel experts .. a fresh bagel should never be toasted :-) but it's to each his own. Everything you order is prepared fresh for you and most often they bring you a little treat to try their baked goods. The Veggie sandwich is delish. they slice the veggies when you order your sandwich... can't get any fresher than that. As a New Yorker, I'm very fussy about my bagels, and these are authentic. Usually 5 or 6 varieties to chose from. I love to support local shops and this one has been a favorite almost since they opened. Some of their stuff is a little pricey, like the breads... but they're home made fresh every day. Worth the price
Good everything/plain bagels and decent coffee! Gets a 5 for the free dessert she gave me with the coffee! Will be returning soon!
Amazing hospitality that felt like going home. They made sure that everyone did not leave empty handed. The bagels are fresh and without preservatives. The desserts are scrumptious.
Bestow my heart! Found out about this bakery at the farmers market ( Phoenix Public Market)....was so excited they were located only minutes from me in the west valley. 

Mom and Pop came out from the bakery behind the counter to greet me...I wanted just bagels (by the way she gives you a bakers dozen) but I walked out with cinnamon popovers and a monkey bread loaf she modestly calls a white bread. 

The loaf is amazing. Looks like a pull apart bread lightly crusty on the outside and light, fluffy deliciousness inside. It's so big it pops up high, right over the pan. I didn't even need butter....be careful though, this bread can be addictive and it's hard to put down! She has a jalapeo and a garlic variety, which I can tell you are crazy delicious. 

I've had the cinnamon popovers which are to die for, and today she had chocolate chip popovers....which I passed on. 

I was close to wiping her out of bagels...she has plain, everything, salt, garlic, poppy, sesame and a couple of others. Mom tells me she doesn't use preservatives, so everything is fresh and goes fast...come early.

The bagels are this close to tasting like a NY bagel and they freeze really well. Slight baked crunch on the outside, light and airy on the inside.

Mom and pop sells Boarshead meats/sandwiches and has a few other items on a short menu. She also had phyllo triangles stuffed with spinach and cheese along with other bakery items.

The restaurant area is cute and small, set up with a few tables and a soda machine refill station. Tucked in the back of a strip mall right off the 101 and Union Hills, a little hard to find the first time, but your radar will be on once you're ready to go back.
Great place and awesome people. Try the baked goods as well, the cheese strudel are addictive. They make you feel like family when you are there. Never had anything we didn't love. Great stop when ridding on the bike trail nearby.
So sad :( Mom and Pops is closed! I'm going to miss the owners and their delicious bagels/pastries! We wish them the best where ever they are....
So sad to see this place closed down.. no sign, no explanation.. hope the owners are well as they're wonderful people. I will miss this place for sure
This place is awesome!!! I got the caremelized onions and blue cheese. It was soooooo good.

I've been eating healthy for the last 5 months and have been sad because I couldn't find  a place to eat that serves burgers.  Then this place came along and made all my dreams come true. I had an awesome burger and walked away still feeling great.

The decor is nice and clean. It doesn't have rock and roll posters on the wall but what the heck does that have to do with awesome burgers, Besides, who wants sensory overload while they're enjoying a burger. The only sensory overload I need is the one that was going on with my taste buds.

This is a local place and I'm more than happy to support it. The foods delicious so why not. The family that works there is really cool and friendly too.

I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to get a good burger.
I am so happy to have Jimmy G's in my neighborhood!!  I love how the new owners have really cleaned the place up.  It looks GREAT.  I also love the food and prices!!  My favorites are the turkey and veggie burgers.  You can even ask to have you burger protein style, no bread just served on lettuce.  They are so willing to make it the way you like it.  My daughter loves the hambugers and french fries.  Everything they serve is fresh and not frozen.  I HIGHLY recommend trying it out, as I think you will glad that you did.
Went in with my work crew, got a southwest burger and was not disappointed. The bun was super soft and the sauce they used was a really nice combo to the beans! The fries are fresh, which is always a plus. They remind me of five guys fries. They have a giant patio which I thoroughly enjoyed! ill be back. They need a dessert!
Wow.  It definitely seems there are no in betweens with this place, you either love it or hate it.  I for one loved it.  Far from being cold and sterile, I felt the atmosphere was clean and simple.  I can't imagine how anything else would work in such a small place.  The staff was helpful and friendly and the food was great ( I had an excellent veggie burger with fries).  I thought the prices were amazing.  I can go to a chain fast food place and pay $7 for overly processed, previously frozen food or I can pay a few dollars more and get freshly prepared food that was never frozen.   I definitely felt it was good value for the money.
Ask Jimmy to make your burger spicy .... It's AWESOME!!!  Food and service is the best we experienced in Phoenix (and we tried all the big name restaurants).
Went in for lunch today... decided to try it since I didn't have a great experience when it was "Da Burger Shack". Two things immediately stuck out:
1. The inside looks MUCH better now.. it's cleaner, looks nice, and has more space.
2. The people who work there are extremely nice!

I had a cheeseburger.. the burger had a nice juicy homemade taste served on an amazing bun. My co-worked had "blazing" sauce with his that he really enjoyed.

Definitely give this local restaurant a try, especially if you haven't gone back since they turned into "Jimmy G's".
The blazing burger is everything they said it would be, wonderfully hot!  

If coming for lunch, come early becaseu parking is limited unless you don't mind the street.  Nice outside seating and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Great job Jimmy!
Great little place. Very good burgers and people. Very clean and cute, and a perfect patio for spring or fall.
Can't say enough nice things about this place.  We were so happy to find it when out for a walk.  Charming spot in the cute little Cheery Lynn neighborhood, but right on 16th so it's easily accessible.  Lots of places to sit outside on the wrap-around porch, as we did.   Just Mrs. G behind the counter taking our order (so friendly and welcoming!) and Jimmy made our food (he was also really nice and asked how we enjoyed our meal).  The food is high quality but very reasonably priced.  We got two burger meals, one specialty burger and one custom, with a side of avo for the babe and it came to $20 even.  I had the Blazing Burger and it was fantastic!  Just spicy enough to keep you wanting more but not overpowering. Enjoyed everything about the food, you can tell the ingredients are quality, from the vegetables to the buns to the huge (properly cooked) meat patty.  Hard to pick a  favorite between the fries (use the special fry-seasoning in the can on the condiment bar, next to the Sriracha (another win)) and the onion strings!  I like their apparent philosophy.  Keep it simple, keep it quality. Very much want to come back and try breakfast, and wish they were open for dinner!  Looking forward to returning.  Thanks Jimmy G's!  Way to be.
My husband & I have eaten at this place several times over the last couple years (prior owners) and now Jimmy G's & LOVE IT!!  I always look on the menu with has lots of choices but will ultimately be talked into whatever new creation Jimmy thinks of!  I have NEVER been disapointed and its owners couldn't be nicer and so friendly. The place is clean, quaint, really a good burger place.. I really love the Onion strings.. I keep suggesting sweet potatoe fries with aoli sauce as another good side to add.. I too love that Cherry Lynn area with the unique shops & good place to eat lunch.
I very much appreciate their vegetarian options, but wish they had more varieties of vegetarian burgers.  The quality was quite good, and I very much liked the "build your own burger" options.  The atmosphere was a bit like a hectic lunch place, which was appropriate for a quick workday lunch.  I wouldn't recommend it for a fine dining experience.  The food was tasty and owner, who also served as the cashier, was very friendly and accommodating.  Two thumbs up for a somewhat unique locally owned place with veggie options!
I went here for lunch today after hearing my co-workers rave about the place. I was very happy that I went since the food was really good. You can build your own burger out of a very large array of choices. I got the basic bacon cheeseburger with swiss  cheese and was very happy. The burger was cooked to perfection and very juicy and full of taste. The fries were really good too. It is a very good local place and the staff are really warm and friendly. I would highly recommend it for a good tasty lunch. The only reason it didn't rate 5 stars was the fact they don't server fresh brewed tea but rather that tea from a soda fountain. Other than that, everything was great and a great price! :-)
Bought a living social deal...very pleased.  I plan to come again.  The green leaf lettuce isn't my favorite on burgers...wilts. Otherwise great!!
Really enjoyed the burgers we had, WAY TOO over cooked, our fault we didn't say med rare and they were beyond well done!
A friend and I made lunch plans for today, she suggested we come here.
So glad we did!

I had the BBQ Bacon Burger, medium rare, with fries. She had the special - Southwest burger, with chorizo.

The bacon was perfect! I should have asked whose bacon they use - this is the stuff I want at home. So meaty and perfect and thick and full of bacony goodness. The cheddar was melted to perfection - with crispy parts where it hit the grill. Few things get me giddy like the crunchy cheese! The onion ring was a happy touch. Burger itself well prepared and flavorful and the bun was super fresh.

The fries were good - but the burgers were large enough that even with the two of us sharing my fries, most were left on the plate.

I'll definitely be back - happy to have this place so close to home!
Burgers were excellent (both BBQ bacon cheese and peanut butter bacon) and fries were even better. They cook burgers to order instead of chain-style aka overdone. Staff - I think one was probably the owner - was super friendly. Fun environment. Great shaded tables outside which are perfect this time of year. Very clean. Another win for the local scene!
So my girlfriend is flying home from Chicago, foodie capital of the world, and tells me she just had the best burger. Hmmm, I want a burger! So while I'm waiting for her flight to arrive, I head over to Jimmy G's...awesome burgers! Not as good as some I've had in Chicago, but an excellent choice if you're in the area antiquing or thrift store shopping.
Ahh, I love a restaurant that can be so tasty  and down to earth. Four words, Peanut butter burger time. Sounds odd but so did the first time I had a medium egg on a burger. Between the juicy seasoned burger, red onion and smooth peanut butter, I was in burger nirvana today. The food quality was excellent, the restaurant is clean, the staff friendly and accommodating.  I will definitely be back and bringing guests to this fine burger restaurant.
The owner and his wife were very welcoming.  I had a classic burger.  It was one of the best burgers I've had.  The beef was well seasoned and very tasty.  The fries were great too.  They were well seasoned and crispy.  I would eat there again.
Food was delicious, very fresh. They have a lot more than just burgers, and the price is really good too. The owner is super friendly and even gave us some samples of some of the other menu items.
Fries are delish ! I had the classic burger and i asked for it with out ketchup, but it came with it anyway. The burger tasted good and it was for sure as fresh as your going to get. It was overloaded with condiments that the burger fell apart and i gave up after two bites. Everyone has there burger preference , but this was not mine. I wont deduct stars because Jimmy's should be given a chance because i can tell there is a whole lot of heart on what they do.
I was excited to come here after seeing the good reviews but was disappointed. I got the patty melt and it was nothing special. I felt I could have made something reasonably equivalent at home. Maybe I should have gotten a burger with a bun but still, on a patty melt i would expect thicker slices of sandwich bread than what they serve. Fries were slightly undercooked and didn't taste really fresh.
Tried the burgers. Well cooked and tasty. Habanero burger is extremely hot only try if you're brave enough. Really friendly staff.
Ok! Good burger places are a dime a dozen but this place rocks! The burgers are fresh ground, hand made, fries are amazing! Had the Swiss mushroom burger and chili cheese fries! Really good! Love the atmosphere, sat on the porch at a picnic table. Tables are also inside.  Great service! We'll be back! Good job Jimmy G's. Live long and prosper!
Great new place in the hood. Several varieties of burgers and all freshly ground beef. No frozen patties here. Fries are also homemade and hand cut. The chili-cheese fries were awesome. Ordered the BBQ bacon cheeseburger which was very moist and tasty.  Only suggestion would be to add beer and wine to the menu.  It would also attract more of a crowd.  Will definitely be back soon.
Best burger place in the area!! With out a doubt will I be returning to this place. The BBQ bacon burger is must try and so are the onion rings! The bleu cheese burger is VERY bleu cheesy. Still good, but very rich. Give the place a chance next time you want a burger! It's fantastic and the people working their are very nice. By the way, they BBQ on Saturday!
Had a great experience here AGAIN! Wonderful peanut butter bacon burger, would definitely order it again! Best burgers so far BBQ bacon and peanut butter bacon. I have tried the bleu cheese but it's a little strong for me! Definitely a must try!!
I rarely ever feel inclined to write a review, however, my experience here has been so great I just had to share! To begin, the customer service is awesome. The owner is incredibly friendly and is proud of the food he serves. I have tried the gyro wrap and  cheeseburger. This burger is the BEST I have had in a long time. The beef was thick and juicy, cooked perfectly to my liking. The fries are also delicious and are always seasoned well. They have a great patio and if my job permitted a longer lunch break, I would stay and eat. Their service is very fast. I will be going back very soon.
Went there for lunch with work 8 colleges and everyone's became a fan. I had the peanut butter and bacon burger  with fries and a drink. I think i paid like 7 or 8 bucks. Quick service and friendly staff. They even hooked us up with 2 brownie cakes for free. I will definitely go back.
I am sorry to have to do this but I can not help it, or not yelp it for that matter. The disappointment is what my stomach is growling because I am unable to eat the burger or burgers I have ordered. Ordered Togo food after a few hours of sitting in the salon chair, yelping where I was going to get Togo food. I chose this place and even drove out of my way to pick it up. I work in the restaurant business and know all the corners. Togo orders are difficult  because you don't know the problem till you are home, but if a problem has accrued then it almost seems worst then a dine-in experience. Which is why I am giving it a 2 star. The end product was not good. Got the chili burger, SO NOT GOOD!!!! Imagine a burger with a can of kidney beans on top. Also got the grilled cheese with tomatoes for the kids, no tomatoes(I paid extra for them) were in the sandwich. Also NO CHEESE!!! Once I noticed,(which was as soon as I got home) I called. The manager called me back and offered me a free meal. I explained we ate non of the food!!! And that I went out of my way to his location. After all, I was left with a bad taste in my mouth and a feeling of not giving new places a chance. More then 80%, of my around 35$ bill for 3 items +tip,was not edible. Just so you know tipping is good to do for your Togo food , so that the person who gets your order and food ready also gets it right, before you head home with it. The owner was the one who took care of my order.
I'm giving this place two stars because I liked the costumer service! The guy was extra friendly. The burger was one that could have been thrown together at home & did not fit the bun & the fries were only so so the ketchup was running and tasted funny.
Absolutely a five star quality restaurant. It's not a Ruth's steakhouse or extravagant dining, it is a phenomenal little burger shop. They do more then burgers too. Stop by grab a lava burger (if you can handle the heat) and then try the shawarma wrap. 

I'll be back, especially if the owner is always this welcoming.
I had lunch here with some coworkers and had the BBQ Bacon, Lava, and another (Classic?) burgers with fries and onion rings.  All were very tasty!  The menu offers more than just the standard burger fare and has enough variety to make me want to come back to try other things.  Even so, what really sets this place apart is the super friendly and attentive service.
This place has switched owners about a billion times (ok, maybe only four times) since we moved to this neighborhood three years ago. I guess it's hard to make this place work as a burger joint.

The veggie burger is ok, but even though this place is within walking distance, we'd rather go somewhere else 99% of the time. Last time we went, I had a craving for onion rings...but the ones I got were burnt, which made me sad. I love onion rings! The fries weren't that good either.

The menu seems to be having an identity crisis...there's a lot to choose from, but the food isn't outstanding or notable in any way to me. BUT I have not had their non-veggie food, so maybe for meat eaters, it's amazing--I don't know.

The owner and his wife are really nice (and I mean both the current owner and wife and the previous owner and wife of Jimmy G's) and you always get great service here (which is why this place gets 3 stars). They will even deliver out to your car if you call in your order!
Originally, I was going to give Jimmy G's 5 stars.  However, that was under the initial owners.  At that time, Jimmy G's seemed to be one of the few high quality, "mom and pop" burger joints in the area.  Unfortunately, the food quality dropped a bit under the new ownership.  Also, Jimmy G's also used to have a large and creative burger selection.  Now it seems like they are trying to move from their burger roots and expand their menu to a larger variety of items.  In my opinion, the best restaurants tend to stick to making a few dishes very well.  Jimmy G's should go back to their original menu and focus primarily  on great burgers.  That being said, the new owners and staff are very friendly, and the service is great.  Hopefully, these changes will made, and Jimmy G's will become the 4-5 star restaurant that it deserves to be.
Great service & outstanding staff - went above and beyond for to provide exceptional customer service. Food is reasonably priced and delicious! Highly recommend
Just had the Cordon Blue special...AWESOME! 
Really friendly  service and the deck was a great place to chill with my lunch chow!
Sad to see this restaurant closed, apparently being repainted and turning into another restaurant. I enjoyed the excellent food here and the owner and his wife were always welcoming and wonderful. Thank you Jimmie G'S for introducing me to peanut butter on a cheeseburger and for the delicious shwarma.
Awesome experience.... my youngest son had an accident while hiking and was getting stitched up at the hospital around the corner. It was past lunch time and my older son and I were starving but also had our dog. Found Jimmy G's on yelp and with a coupon decided to give it a try.

Upon arriving it was the perfect casual spot to hang out and kill time with the dog. Nice porch with picnic tables to eat at which were perfect for a messy 3 yr old and pup. Ford was excellent burgers were juicy and fries hot and crispy. Only food that wasn't great was a Togo Greek salad I got for my wife (not nearly enough dressing).

What really earned this place 5 stars though was the service, the gentleman I'm assuming was the owner or at least manager was tremendous. He didn't know our situation but was interactive with my 3 yr old and enticed him to finish his burger with free ice cream (it worked). The nice lady working also brought a bowl of water for our dog.

Big thanks to Jimmy G's for assisting us on a tough day with good food and hospitality. If I ever find myself back in that neighborhood I will defiantly be stopping.
True story: My wife was in labor for 62 hours. After the first day she managed to walk around a bit and ate a JimmyG cheeseburger with onion rings. She had to go on petocin for the next 2 days and all she had to sustain herself was JimmyGs. Now we have a wonderfull boy! Thank you! She loved the burger. You guys rock
I see this place has closed. They always had a sign out that read "Opened for Breakfast". But they were never opened for breakfast. I ate there once and had a burger and fries and did not go there again since the food wasn't the greatest.
Great service. Very welcoming and great tasting bagels.
Agh!  Ordered a bagel with cream cheese and thought it was the jalapenos that were funky til I realized the cream cheese was SOUR!!!! If they are not busy enough to sell plain cream cheese before it sours...
I found the staff very friendly and welcoming and my sandwich (Leonardo DaVeggie) and pickle delicious.  The iced tea was also very fresh.  I would not hesitate to go back and try something else.
I haven't seen one of these in quite a while.  They still have great fresh bagels.
Well, I've stopped by here dozens of times (lol) to pick up a baker's dozen bagels to take in for my office staff, and a few times for lunch bagels, etc.   Always friendly staff, always great bagles and cream cheeses.   I was really happy to see this place open up so close to my office as it was a quick stop on the way in at 6:45am to grab a quick treat for the team.   

Unfortunately, I went to grab a dozen this morning and the location is closed.  Confirmed with another store that this store closed it's doors on 10/6/13.   I'm sad.
So I should begin this post by saying that I LOVE Bagels! I saw this place & the connected sandwich shop next door to it open recently. I recognized the name of the sandwich shop, Capriotti's, because there is one up in north Scottsdale. I've never eaten there, but have driven by it numerous times. This was my first clue that the new bagel shop was probably locally owned & operated. I always prefer to spend my money at those types of places when possible. When you pull up you notice there is very little parking in the front.There is however ample parking behind the building. If you are familiar with his area, you know parking is a bit limited everywhere. I walked in the front door and was hit by a soft sweet aroma. There were large coffee carafes filled with "Peet's Coffee & Tea" neatly lined up along the wall. The place was well lit, organized, and seemed very clean. I walked up to the counter and was greeted by a friendly man. As expected, there was a large selection of bagels to choose from at the counter. I couldn't pick just one so I decided to go with half a dozen. They had some unique bagels on their menu such as tropical & sourdough. The man kindly offered me an extra container of cream cheese & I decided to try the light veggie one. I brought the bagels home and cut into an asiago one. I notice right away that the bagels were big & thick! They looked homemade & not like the usual generic, mass produced ones you get from Buerger's or Einstein Bros. The inside was so moist. It was almost doughy, but not underdone by any means. Impressive! I lightly toasted it and put the light plain cream cheese on it. The cream cheese was delicious. It doesn't taste like it's the light version either. If the light version is this good I wonder how good the regular cream cheese is?!? Out of curiosity I try a taste of the veggie cream cheese on its own. It's also delicious! Again, you can tell this was homemade and not made in bulk somewhere & sent out. A good balance of flavors! This is my new favorite bagel shop. I cannot wait to try the rest of the bagels I bought. Next time I want to try some of their coffee & or bagel breakfast sandwichs. There will definitely be a next time. This is such a great addition to the CenPho neighborhood!
I think I arrived opening day.  They were still getting their bearings.  But all I had to do was bite into the bagel breakfast sandwich to forgive all indiscretions.  I had the one with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and pesto.  Very original and extremely tasty!  Staff was friendly and love that its a unique local place.  Very small space other than the seating outside.  Give it a try and bring your friends!  These types of great places need our support to keep our neighborhood special.

Another great thing about this place is that they took a sad old building, refurbished it and made it look great.  Gentrifying the neighborhood instead of building new (like a certain Z'Tejas is doing) is much more helpful at retaining the charm of the area.
I'm convinced that Everything Bagels officially has the best bagels and coffee (Peets) in the city! Welcome to the neighborhood! We will be back! Alot!
Overall a really nice little place. Great decor, and fresh squeezed OJ. I got a breakfast sandwich with pesto, mushroom and swiss cheese. The only reason it gets 3 stars instead of 4 is the eggs. I like an egg cracked and cooked on a grill, not poured from a carton. I will be back though, it was yummy!
Good decor, love the location. Being jewish, I love a good bagel and shmear ;) I was bummed they were out of everything bagels when I arrived at 11 am on a Saturday, only to have fresh ones made right after I got my order! Darn! Decent prices, and will be back!
I have visited Everything Bagels from the first week they opened.  I've been there about 4 times, and I'm ready to give up.  They always fall a little short.  They are not particularly friendly, they charge a lot more for some of the bagels (cinnamon, for example) with little notice, and they run out of items early (no worries, if you wait 15 minutes they will produce them for you).  I think it's adequate, if you have no other choices, but not the superior experience I was hoping for from a small operation.
Super friendly, chatty (if you want them to be) people.  The bagels were made-that-day-fresh and the spicy cream cheese was great.
Best bagels we have had in a long time. Ours were fresh baked straight out of the oven right when we walked in.
I went hiking at Squaw Peak over the weekend, and naturally it worked up an appetite for me. I like the central Phoenix area surrounding the mountain because it seems that there is an abundance of independent stores for me to try. Well, here was my first taste! (Sorry, bad pun)

The store itself is tiny, but clean and simple dcor. It's openly attached to the Capriotti's next door, which indirectly provides more space. Most of the seating is outside where they have a handful of tables under a covered patio. The weather was too gorgeous for me to pass up that opportunity, so once I had my food I grabbed a seat and enjoyed the morning.

**There are only 3-4 parking spots available in the front, but if you go around the right/south side of the building there is parking in the back.

I had a simple request: a toasted chocolate chip bagel with reduced fat shmear. It was perfectly toasty, crunchy and flavorful, accented well by the shmear. The bagel was pretty large, so I felt that I got what I was paying for. I felt bad because when I went to pay, I realized I only had a credit a card and no cash...I felt silly paying for such a small purchase with plastic, but the cashier was totally cool about it, he just smiled and told me it happens a lot. It helped to ease my mind :)

I don't live in the area, so the only reason I'm not sure I'll return is because I don't know when I will be close again, but the experience I had Saturday was very pleasant and should I get the opportunity again, I'll stop for another bagel!
It's no surprise that the businesses around this place have lines & full parking lots, and this place has the buzz of zero interest.

I woke up with a craving for a fresh bagel this morning, and decided to walk over to Everything Bagels. 

I walked in at 7:20 to a place with no sign of life. The display case was nearly empty, and there were very few bagels in baskets. I thought maybe they were closed. I was about to leave when an older man stepped out of the back. I asked if they were open, to which he gruffly responded, "yes, the door was open, wasn't it"? I was taken off guard by his rudeness, and apologized, and simply told him that it didn't seem like they were open yet. He said, "you're fine", as if I was the rude dumb-ass. He proceeded to lecture me on the fact that he was the only one there, and that he had many things he had to do all by himself. Here's some free advice dude --- it takes 2 seconds to make a card that says, "In back. I'll be with you in a moment". 

At this point, all I want to do is order something, and get the hell out of there. THEN, he asks me if I want a drink. I ask him how the iced coffee is served, to which he patronizingly says, "well, I give you a cup of ice, and you can poor the medium or dark roast over it". When I decline, he says, "do you mind telling me why you dont' like coffee over ice"?.  More free advice - - It's stinking hot here, and you have to be totally clueless not to offer your customers a descent iced coffee during a Phoenix summer.  Since he asked me why I don't like they way they serve it, I tell him that I don't like pouring hot coffee over ice because it just melts the ice cubes, and makes the drink watery. ---- DUH!

I then muster all the politeness I have to ask him if he has every had toddy coffee. I mention that it's smooth, delicious & easy to make.  He goes on this diatribe about all the water that is required to make a toddy coffee taste good. I make toddy coffee at home all the time, and he clearly didn't know what the heck he was talking about. It takes time, but not a huge amount of water. HUGE SURPRISE --- When I asked him if he had ever had toddy coffee, he said he had not. The take-away from this is that hot coffee over ice is bad. However you get your hands on cold brew is up to you, but a cold brew over ice is a key component to iced coffee. 

Summary: Customer service is key. If you don't have it, then you don't have my business.
We live across the 51 from 16st & Bethany Home road which has undergone a revitalization in the last several years that has added a lot to the neighborhood. When we saw this place open a couple of weeks ago, we were excited to see a bagel shop other than the usual caned corporate choices.  

the bagels were unbelievably good and the place was clean, but open for a couple of weeks doesn't allow much time to dirty a place up plus the square footage is no bigger than a Dutch Brothers. the pricing was a surprise as well. I was expecting to pay a boutique price on the bagels but they were in line with the chains. 

The only thing that bothered me was the friendliness of the staff.  The guy behind the counter seemed a little too disinterested. I don't expect the guy to break into song but the place just opened and a little hospitality might go a long way in getting people to come back.
It should go without saying, but their everything bagels are the best thing here! In my opinion. My wife loves the lox and cream cheese, and some chocolate coffee thing as well. I am plan black coffee, butter or plain cream cheese on my bagel type. But seriously, it's the everything bagels that keep us coming back, not sure what it is about them that are so different from other bagel shops.
Great service, bagels are awesome. Perfect!
I was in need of a delicious meal to help me recover from Oktoberfest @tempe town lake.  A bagel sandwich seemed ideal so I searched yelp for everything bagels (cause I love everything bagels) and found this place.  Enthused and hazy from many beers the prior evening around noon I got the courage to leave my bed and make the journey to everything bagels.  I got their lox bagel sandwich on pumpernickel bread (The New Yorker) and iced americano and fresh squeezed orange juice.  Everything was great the lox was perfect the bagel was like a bagel should be not like that Einstein's BS, New York style FANTASTIC. The coffee was also good in fact I was going to give 4 stars but that rude woman who gave them 1 star because they don't have a cold brewed coffee is crazy, yes cold brewed coffee is delicious but coffee over ice is not terrible it was fine.  So to help boost their star rating they deserve I give 5 stars.  I will def be back again to try the other egg breakfast sandwiches, one more thing I got a Hawaiian bagel to go cause it sounded intriguing and it didn't let down it was like a kings Hawaiian roll in delicious bagel form!!!
Great non-chain place to grab a bagel. Great ice tea choices also. Bagels were better than the national chain stuff.
I went on a Saturday morning for a bagel sandwich and some coffee. Overall there were a wide variety of bagel flavors and I tried an everything bagel as well as a sundried tomato one. The bagels were average, the crust was not very thick and the interior was very dense, not chewy or soft, and more importantly the dough's taste was bland. In essence, just an average bagel no different than one at Einstein's or another chain. Still pretty good for a quick bite on the go, but a bit disappointing if you're expecting a departure from the typical. 

The regular drip coffee was great though, PEETS!
Ok so as a true NYer, I have to give my honest opinion here.  I have been here a few times and keep giving them more chances, but I've decided its not really worth it.   The store opens at 6am.  I arrive at 638 am today and the only bagels that are made are plain and sesame.  They have about 20 different bagel options listed on the baskets and on the menu on the wall - but there are only 2 options at 638 in the morning.  I specifically ask for a SOFT bagel as my bagel last week was hard.  He squeezes one, throws it back in the basket and takes another.  So obviously too hard for me - but good enough for someone else?  Bagels are bland, cream cheese is bland, staff is bland, bad lighting in the store, nothing super interesting here.  Why would I even give them 2 stars?  Because its still better than Einsteins or Bruggers!
Hands down best bagels in Phoenix. I am a true bagel snob (from NJ) and this is as close as it gets to authentic NYC bagels. They don't have pork roll though! 

Bialys and bagels are continuously cooked throughout the morning and always so good.  Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside like it should be. 

I called ahead today to make sure they had what I wanted- I have gone in previously in hopes of picking up a few bialys and they were sold out or didn't make them that day. The staff said if I called in 30 min before that I could order anything I wanted with any topping and it would be done. True to their word today!! 

The staff is extremely nice and on the ball always!

Einsteins and Brueggers can't compare!
Long line, slow service. Coffee was cold - not fresh. Like many other reviewers... I am  from NY, the bagel was just okay. I won't be back.
I finally got to try this place and wow, SO GOOD. 

The hours are a bit unconventional but I was able to catch them while they were open. 

I got the pesto florentine on a spinach and cheese bagel. Delicious. Comes with egg, spinach, mushrooms and pesto. Everything was super fresh.

I'm going to try a new bagel every time I come back to this place. I'm sure I won't be disappointed.
Customer Service 101: Greet your customers. Preferably when they walk in the door. Don't toss receipts and cards on the counter, especially when their hands are extended to receive said items. Don't shove the bagel across the counter towards them, especially if their hands are reaching out. Thank your customers for visiting. Don't dismissively walk away without a word. 
Change this and you'll get a return customer. Not someone who tells friends and neighbors that "the bagels are okay, but they've horrible customer service."
Not quite sure how this place has four stars, but I know it isn't for their customer service or selection of bagels.  Been there 3 times and never greeted with a "hello" but rather, "what do you want"?  Also, I have never seen more than 4 or 5 varieties of bagels.  Here is a novel idea as well....try not to get onions in your blueberry bagels....it kinda ruins it.  Good coffee though....so you get two stars.
Only giving it one star because wasn't  happy with the way they made my breakfast burrito wasn't worth the money they were charging. I got a egg and cheese burrito which I get all the time depending on what place I go. They cooked my eggs in the microwave which I did not like at all but I didn't say anything  because it didn't look like they would do it any other way. Also wasn't  rolled up to its best to keep the eggs from falling out. But I would go back there to try there bagels. looks like that's what they're known for I just wouldn't ever get the breakfast burrito there ever again.
Boars Head meats and cheeses .... Salads are great and burgers are the best by far .... Yummy
The sandwich was tasty, especially if you like a LOT of bread.

The fries I ordered were so delicious, even the staff members couldn't resist eating them while making my sandwich! (I saw two employees eating fries through the hole in the kitchen wall, as my sandwich was presumably being made). 

Maybe that's why the quantity of fries was so small.

The staff seemed inexperienced. Won't be back because I prefer thin bread, and I don't enjoy seeing employees eating my fries in the prep area while laughing and making awkward eye contact with me at the counter mid-chew.
Second time here and for sure my last. My first visit I was the second order in the window and it took 15 minutes for my sandwich. Today I was the 3rd in the window and it took 30 minutes. 30 MINUTES for a sandwich?! It's in a fast food court for petes sake. And my sandwich came out looking like a sloppy joe and wasn't even made how I asked. I ate it anyways in fear it would take another 30 to fix it. Now I'm suffering from a stomatch ache. Ps they eat while they work, sanitary? Never again!
The sandwich I ordered was worth about 1/3 of what I paid for it. Nothing special, bland and boring.
Had the egg and cheddar panini. Wow really good! Totally fresh with none of that fast food plasticity you find at so many other chains. Great coffee as well. Nice discovery!
I highly recommend you this place! 
1. Friendly and professional staff
2. Super clean place
3. Big menu with really good and healthy choices 
4. Different from what you can find at fashion show mall's food court 
5. Reasonable prices 

As a employee of the mall I will for sure go back to this place, I highly recommend it to all the mall employees they even offer employee discount!
Delicious sandwiches, soups, and cookies! My favorite sandwich is the Vermonter. This is there second restaurant, which has a bit more room than the first location. I don't eat seafood, but I'm told the lobster bisque and Maine cheddar biscuit are crazy good! I will definitely be back for more!
Have been to the other location a few times and loved it so we tried the new location. I had lobster bisque and a new roast beef sandwich. They were great, the bisque was much more than just bisque with lobstr and veggies. Great food and very friendly. Before people find it its great and not busy weekends, unlike the othr location. You wont be dissapointed.
Great sandwiches at a great price... Had the French Dip, very good, Jus was nice too. My wife loved her turkey sandwich, not sure which one she had but the ingredients here are top notch so you can't go wrong no matter what you order! They deliver too, probably take advantage next time
I can't tell you how excited I was when I saw this place was open. The original location was near my old office and went there all the time.  Then sadly my office moved north and for the past couple years I have been forced to settle for just an occasional visit.  But now they have opened a new place very close to my new office.! 

Same great quality real food same very friendly people working there But there is one thing that is different the parking is so much better
Same great sandwiches as their original location.  Not as crowded and plenty of tables to sit and enjoy lunch.
I went there this morning and was looking for a quick breakfast sandwich.  They are supposed to be open at 6:30AM and I walked in around 7:15AM and no coffee brewed and I had to search to find a breakfast menu.

Sandwich was okay but it took about 20 minutes to get a sandwich.  I hope they get their act together or they arent going to make it very long.
I am not sure I understand the concept of New England style lunches...but the sandwiches are good. I like the fact that you can order a half or a full sandwich.  They have paninis too...The menu is varied and  havecome  to like the chicken coop sandwich which is chicken salad on multi grain bread. 

The only thing I don't care for at Vermont Sandwich Co are their sides. On two separate occasions, I've had the potato salad and the cole slaw - and there was nothing to rave about either of them...so skip the sides and get chips or a cookie instead. Enjoy!
Mediocre sandwich place for sure. Place is clean and employees are friendly but food is mediocre. Went in for lunch with two coworkers and it took 15 mins to make 3 sandwiches. Defiantly left disappointed!