The sister restaurant to The Egg and I located on Sahara Blvd, but don't expect to see the exact same menu.  We jump back and forth between the two restaurants depending on what we feel like eating that day.  
Fairly standard breakfast combinations of eggs breads and assorted meats, so it's hard to go wrong with the food, but the definite favorite for me is their Banana Nut bread which is fresh made at the restaurant and always served piping hot.
The service is excellent, with a lot of the same faces being there for a while now.  Highly recommended for breakfast.
Best breakfast that I have found in Vegas.  The blueberry pancakes are to die for!  Even their coffee is good.  We have never had bad food and have been pleased with everything we've ordered.

Servings are substantial and the service is usually very good.  This place is always busy, so you do have to be patient.
The banana nut muffins are worth the trip alone.  I had the chocolate chip pancakes and they were great. Overall, nice atmosphere, friendly service, and great food with generous portions.  Will definitely go back to try some other pancake combinations.
Taking advantage of weekend brunch options, the BF was craving cincy chili from The Egg Works.  We've seen advertisements for a second location soon to open, and realized they were the sister restaurant of The Egg & I.

We walked in around 1:30 pm and the place was pretty full.  We were seated with only a minimal wait and newspaper menus were presented.  

I was immediately drawn to the Corn Beef Hash (Corn beef hash grilled then topped with two eggs any style.  Served with Works potatoes and toast or a banana nut muffin. $9.25) although I also wanted a skillet too.

The BF was pretty set on getting their cincy chili, but I was able to convince him to get their Chili Skillet Works (Start with a layer of Work's potatoes, then pile on the ingredients, top with a mixture of cheddar and jack cheese and your choice of two eggs any style.  Served with a fruit garnish and a choice of toast or a banana nut muffin.  Your choice of Works chili or cincy chili and diced onion.) for $7.95 instead.  This combined the best of both worlds - a skillet and the ever famous cincy chili!

He also ordered one of their bottomless flavored coffees for $2.25.

When our orders arrived, I was more than impressed.  They definitely give you hearty portions!  My corn beef looked like the whole can was under my two sunny side up eggs!  But the real winner of the day was the BF's chili skillet!  Oozing with cheese in all directions and full of flavor, I couldn't help but dig into his meal instead!  

Service was good - the waitresses were pleasant and friendly and the busboys are quick with cleanup.  They definitely have a system here and it works.  People work as a team and it definitely makes them more efficient.

They have a bunch of other typical breakfast items to choose from as well, and what looked like a huge tostada salad.  We'll definitely be going back for more brunch meals here!

(Pics of our brunch are posted!)
Yes, another fine breakfast joint that is very reasonable, friendly service, and great food.  Came here today after an all-night bender on the Strip.  Their special was the "Heart Stopper" Skillet, with choice of egg, toast, and sausages and potatoes topped with country gravy.  Even on a Monday, the place is packed with locals.  This is a great place if you want to get away from the high prices on the Las Vegas Strip for breakfast.  Another treat that you will enjoy is the Banana Nut Muffin.  It was well worth the trip to the West Side.  I will be returning to this fine breakfast eatery.
With so many choices for breakfast, what makes one place stand out from the others? Well, Egg Works (http://www.theeggworks.com/) has a a little something special up its sleeve. Its not the only place that does this, but it definitely a nice change of pace. What is it you ask? Banana nut bread as a toast option! If you didnt get excited by the last sentence, you've got issues! =). On my daily trek to work, I always pass by a mom and pops breakfast place called The Egg and I. Egg Works is by the same people and its closer to my house. We head out on a Sunday morning around 10am and this place is packed. After a minimal wait, we sit down and open the extensive menu. Its one of those menus where you find something you want on every page. After about 15 minutes we finally agree on two dishes. We order the Bacon Avocado Omelette and the Country Fried Steak and eggs. Oh yeah... This is my favorite part. "What kind of toast would you like with your meal? We've got wheat, white, sourdough, banana nut." OMG. Nothing makes a yummy breakfast more yummy than a banana nut muffin that doesnt cost extra! Haha.
I went to this place after seeing the great reviews and I think my hopes were too high.  It wasn't crowded at all which was nice, but for some reason the hostess decided to put a very old and very rowdy party of four next to us.  They were talking about vomiting and gagging and how ham makes them swell up.  My husband and I just looked at each other.  I looked arond the restaurant at all the empty seats and I couldn't believe that they sat them down next to us.....anyway, on to the food.....it was just ok...I had a veggie omelet with the potatoes which were very, very salty....it wasn't horrible, but not the best breakfast I've ever had..
If it weren't for yelp I think we would have been stuck at a crappy breakfast buffet. This place was perfect!!!! It was a breakfast person's heaven. The menu was just enormous and I couldn't decide between the prime rib benny and the ultimate omelet but I picked the prime rib benny which was served with seasoned potatoes and it was served on a croissant with eggs, onions, peppers and hollidaise. I also got to taste the banana nut muffin with lived up to the yelp hype. Service here was top notch even though it was packed completely. I would say the only complaint was that the hostess was not a great communicator and I had to ask a few times to figure out when we were gonna be seated...that was minor, please come try it.
Brewed Iced Tea - Yes.

I don't get it.  This place is like Denny's.. with more breakfast items and worse service, but less ghetto looking.

I've been here 5 times and service sucked ass each time.  It wasn't always crowded either, so I can't even blame it on that.

With egg-themed pictures on the wall, barn yard decor, newspaper menus.. it's cute and I got a good feeling as I sat down.  

I thought "Mmmm, I bet they have good biscuits and gravy".  Nope.  I seriously expected them to be country style, with chunky sausage pieces and fluffy warm biscuits.  Nope.

The glorified banana nut muffin is DISGUSTING.  It's so greasy the banana nut flavor is lost in the pound of oil used in each muffin.

I *really* wanted to like this place because I LOVE breakfast.  I didn't even go in with high expectations either.. I mean, com'on.. it's freaking breakfast.. who the crap can mess up eggs and potatoes?!

.. and that reminds me.  The potatoes, although seasoned nicely, are not cooked to order.  Not many people can tell the difference between potatoes fresh out of the oven/fryer vs. ones that were made 3 hours ago and have been sitting under a heat lamp.  But the ones that do, KNOW what I'm talking about.

It's not their fault I like fresh food.. so I can't hold it against them.

D:
Everything was good,  but the toast was cold and service sucked!
OK folks, this is the essential breakfast joint...just look at the name!  Upon arrival, I could already tell this was the real deal Holyfield...it was packed with a good amount of people waiting.  I grabbed a seat at the counter, bypassing everybody (really dislike waiting in line for anything) 

 I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak, eggs over medium, seasoned potatoes, sourdough toast.  I would suggest the potatoes w/o seasoning ( a bit salty) the steak was good, texture, crispy, good gravy.  Add Lea n Perrins and we are ready to rock!

Service is good here overall, this is a busy place w/ a good system for order caller/plater and waitress/runners.  

After all was conquered, the waitress tells me about the banana nut muffins.... she gave me one after the fact to try it.  I'm not a big sweets guy, but it waas good.

This place has something for everyone and stuff for other people....for the low star reviewers, I'd say they are the others... for the masses, this should be a 5-star place!  

Til next time, good eating!
Late brunch the past Sunday and we brought a friend whose never experienced the egg wonders of Las Vegas's breakfasts.  (He's usually fast asleep after the graveyard shift!)

He chose the Beef Eater "Grilled Parmesan sourdough, Swiss cheese, caramelized onions, and grilled roast beef and a side of horseradish sauce."  I'm not sure if they are still using horseradish sauce, but my friend thought it was hollandaise sauce!  I tried a bit and found it 'interesting.'  The sandwich was decent as he finished it all, and the Works potatoes was a generous portion because he had a lot leftover.

The Husband was craving the Country Fried Steak "A hand battered chicken fried steak, topped with Grandma's country gravy and served with two eggs, Works potatoes and a choice of toast or banana nut muffin."  He has his two eggs over easy with sourdough bread.  The country gravy was definitely creamy, but needed a bit more zip.

I wanted a side of corn beef hash, and the waitress said they could definitely do that.  She asked if I wanted the homemade version or the canned, which I had never been asked before.  Apparently they just started doing the homemade version, but most people prefer the canned one instead.  Feeling the need to experiment, I went with the homemade version, knowing ahead that it was going to be more stringy-like.  And she also asked if I wanted it more well-done, which I took as "crispier."  They also serve it as a small or large side order.  The homemade version is definitely a bit more stringier and something I've had quite often since most Filipinos eat their corned beef like that.  However, it definitely needed a bit more flavor - some heat and pepper took care of that!

Overall, our breakfast experience this time was okay.  Our friend wasn't as impressed, and just found it to be average.  We weren't wowed the same way as the first time.

(Pics posted!)
The banana nut muffin thing is the best.  My hubby orders a skillet most every time, and I get the eggs benedict.  The food is always very good, as is the service.  The coffee is weak and the water tastes funny.  Also, the atmosphere is better at the Sahara location.  We will continue to visit both locations.
I have nothing but great things to say about this place. I have experienced them in both a dine in and take out situation. 

When I went in for take out, they sat me down and gave me a drink while I waited. Everyone was very friendly. The food came out in no time at all. I brought the food back to work and proceeded to devour my meal. 

The second experience I had was even better. After we sat down, our waitress greeted us promptly and took our drink order. She was also very friendly. After this, two other people stopped by to be sure that we had placed our drink order. Then we ordered our food and I requested the last portion be a to-go order. The waitress remembered and at the end of the meal when she gave us the check she put the order in and it was ready right before we were ready to go. 

Now for the specifics.... their eggs are really as fantastic as they say. My favorite so far is the Cincinnati Chili. If you have EVER had Cinci Chili before and loved it, this is a MUST try. I'm not sure how many places have this in Vegas...  I tried the Cinci burrito. The egg in it was extremely filling and the entire thing got eaten (in twi sittings).

If you're looking for a decent priced breakfast/lunch joint - try this place out. I think you will be very happy you did.
Breakfast eaters, look to other reviews because someone's Best Burgers of Las Vegas list pointed the way here, specifying the cheeseburger with Cincy chili, and that's the find. The burger itself is fine, indifferent, no worse than a thousand others of its ilk. But the chili. These folks get the Cincinnati approach. Tweaked with unsweetened chocolate and a bit of cinnamon (but replete with more standard fare like cumin, paprika, garlic and tomato sauce) it's a regional style that if you suspend any constitutionally held ideas of what chili ought to be, is really quite delightful. In Ohio (and across the river in Kentucky) you can have it 3-Way, 4-Way or 5-Way with spaghetti and the chili being the one and two base and finely grated Cheddar, onions and beans being three through five, depending on how you like it. Works the same here at Egg Works. This stuff is hard to come by out west, (a few years ago some guy tried to open a Skyline imitation buried in a shopfront hole in the wall on Van Nuys Blvd and folded in flash) and if you're curious to open your mind and palate to chili adventures, this is way easier than flying into CVG. That said, here's a caution for all cases: don't go anywhere expecting the absolutely uncontested best thing you've ever eaten. Take it for what it is, simple, enjoyable and somewhat different from what you're probably used to and your experience (and life) will be just a tiny bit more pleasant. Enjoy.
Food is served in GIGANTIC portions, staff was very attentive. Food is ok, dont think I'd eat here again though, its way off the strip.
This place is called Egg Works, so you come here for the eggs. Screw the sandwiches and no egg dishes. All I do know is that the mushroom and cheese omelet is the best I have ever had. The "Three Pigs" omelet is amazing too. This is saying alot given then I am not a breakfast person and would skip it on a daily basis. I have also had the California Crepe. It is alright. Nothing spectacular. 

Now for the sides. Almost all the egg dishes comes with potatoes which really suck. Yes, I will eat a couple of pieces but I typically give it to someone else. Another side is the banana nut muffin. It looks very unappetizing, but it isn't bad. Imagine a flat top muffin that looks like someone was tilting the muffin tray as it was cooking.

The service is typical diner. Nothing fancy or special.
decent breakfast place.  i like the 'happy face, sad face' egg that signifies you need service.  caution, though - if you show the sad face egg, the waitress gets a bid sad-faced, herself.

i'm not a huge fan of the newspaper menu - seems wasteful.  also, the fruit plate could use more berries and less melon, but i do like that they give you a whole pitcher of coffee.

definitely someplace i continue to go, but there's other bfast places in town i enjoy more.
I would give this place 5 stars except for the potatoes, very boring. Otherwise the omelets are da bomb. I really love the chicken enchilada one with the yummy red sauce, tortillas and green chiles, as good as it gets. And don't miss out on the house specialty, banana nut muffins to die for, I could probably eat half a dozen of them! They also appear to have killer burgers too. Will have to try one for lunch next time. Our server was nice and helpful.  This area is really nice in Vegas too, not too far from Red Rock so its a nice leisurely drive to get there.
came here and had the corned beef hash and eggs.  the banana muffin that it came with was really good.  service was good and the food came out very promptly.  everyone i ate with enjoyed their food and we all ordered different things.  they had a couple big screen tv's with espn on which is a great touch for sports fans.  i would definitely come here again
The only thing I want to get at this place over and over again is the wonderfully baked carrot muffin top. It comes complimentary with your meal. WOW. It's delicious.
The main dish is just ok on the other hand. Nothing to grossly out of place, but just not spectacular. I got the chorizo burrito-one of the specials of the morning. Too much chorizo..it made the whole burrito taste too salty. I would've mixed in a little less meat and more fresh ingredients than it would have been banging.
The side potatoes were not bad. Would give it another try..
I love this place! The Cabo Burrito is AMAZING... Fresh fruit is awesome as a substitute for potatoes, but if you do get the potatoes ask for light seasoning...
My favorite Sunday spot.  I have never had a bad experience with the service or food.  I would recommend a skillet or the sundance omlette (yuMmm!)
I don't eat breakfast all the time but this is one of the few breakfast places that I like. The portions are big and service is great. 

The barn-like decor, with some farm animals, and egg people on the walls are real cute. The menu is presented different, it's printed on a newspaper type layout and there are little egg people all over that too. Cute.

My regular meal of choice: the waffles and sausage patties with an iced tea (fresh brewed). My husband usually gets an omelet (egg whites) and potatoes. I love the waffles, you get 1 large waffle, light and sweet. The Patties are good too. And there's always enough potatoes on my husband's plate, that I'm able to have some too. I like them because they've some kind of Cajun seasoning on them. 

If you need anything from the server, there's an egg shaped sign on the table and if you need assistance, you flip the black egg over so that the yellow egg is showing and a majority of the time, a server instantly shows up to assist you, whether they're your server or not. It's interesting, and I hope I don't jinx myself by saying this, but we've been going there for about 3 years or so, maybe once every couple months, and there has not been a time when the service was bad for us. The only thing that I'm not a fan of, is the long wait that you have to deal with sometimes, especially on a Sun or Sat and the parking is poop when it's busy. 

Yes, I'd go back and we do quite often.
My friend had heard about this place from watching the Food Network/Travel Channel, so we tried it out when we were in Vegas a few weeks ago.  We went for breakfast and the food was great!  I had the Sundance special omelette (which has a lot of different veggies and cheese, no meat, and came with the banana nut bran muffin,  super yum!).  My friends tried the french toast, the prime rib skillet and the eggs with grits.  The portions are pretty generous and all the food we ordered was good.  

One thing that we liked was that you can flip the egg sign (which is placed on the table), instead of trying to flag down a waiter.  They'll come once they see the unhappy egg sign.  Pretty cool!
I heard about this place while researching the best places to go for breakfast in Vegas on Yelp, of course. =D Checked out the website and was impressed that it was on one of Rachel Ray's finds on the Food Network. Looking at the menu made me hungry so my husband and I decided to check it out the next day.

It was quite busy when we got there around 9:30 am. Plenty of tables and flat screen tvs...We were immediately seated. I was fascinated with the newspaper-printed menu. Quite unusual. Definitely stood out.

I ordered the Waffle Works with bananas, eggs and bacon. My husband ordered the Biscuits and Gravy. When our orders arrived the first thing we noticed was that the portions were HUGE! To us, one plate was plenty for two.

I was a  bit disappointed with my order. Nothing really impressed me besides the portion. My waffles were overcooked. The eggs didn't have enough seasoning and tasted rubbery. The bacon was okay.

My husband said that his biscuits were a bit hard to fork through. But, he enjoyed the Works potatoes. Overall our first experience at Egg Works was (sorry to say): Eh.

The Standouts: Hearty portions, attentive service, unique menu.

Would we come back? Yes. Willing to give it another visit. Next time we'll share a plate and try out the banana nut muffin.
My long overdue review for Eggworks has arrived! 

You can never go wrong at this breakfast dive. Every item is piquant and pleasingly tasteful! 

Enticing items that I have enjoyed are:

The SUNDANCE SPECIAL is a delicious veggie omelette with spinach, sliced mushrooms,and artichoke hearts folded with Swiss cheese and a special EGG Works artichoke cheese filling and then topped with feta cheese and fresh tomatoes. If I am feeling like an extra heavy filling in my stomach for breakfast, adding the seasoned chicken or blackened chicken will just do it right! 

VEGETARIAN CREPE is a layer of guacamole, mushrooms, fresh spinach and Swiss cheese. It is served with the Works poppy seed dressing, which is so delightful.

COUNTRY FRIED STEAK is a hand battered chicken fried steak, topped with a southern Grandma's country gravy and I have no problem with drinking this gravy as if it was soup. 

SEASONED CENTER CUT NEW YORK STEAK is a succulent 6 oz. Char-broiled steak with two eggs at your style of choice. 

All breakfast items are served with the WORKS potatoes, which is well-seasoned and I just can't get enough of it.  You also have a choice of toast, english muffin or banana nut muffin. I favor the sweet taste of the banana nut muffin because it is palatable at the end of my  meal.

Although there is always a wait for a table, the waiting time has a good cycle since all of the staff are great at getting the orders in and out at a consistent fast pace.
Very good and fast seating! Me and a friend couldn't stop talking how good the food was while we were eatting it!
 I usually can finish a big meal but this one was very hard and I failed. That is a good fail though because they gave you a lot for a good price!
Best breakfast ever. This place totally surpassed my expectations.  Just a quick google search and we were off the strip and a few (7) miles later we're at Eggworks.  This place is cute, it feels like you're in a log cabin.  The staff is super prompt. Whenever you needed your waitress, you flip this metal egg at your table from a smiley egg to a frowny egg and someone comes running!

But more importantly, the price, and the food. I think the costs were reasonable.  I believe I ordered an eggwhite veggie omelette (came with a side of fruit and banana nut muffin/hash or potatoes). I opted for the muffin (splendid!!!). I also ordered a side of the turkey sausage (pumped they even had turkey sausage), an apple danish, hot tea, cranberry juice....and i think that's it, lol.  I did take the pastries to go, so dont judge me too much.

all the food was great. the table came with a variety of hot sauce (which is a must for me). i recommend the good ole Cholula.  They had something they must make called Habla Diablo or something (see my pics) which was just plain heat. Didnt care for it.  

The fruit was delicious. Every piece was excellent, and I'm pretty picky about fruit.  Eggs were great, just enough cheese on top.  My only complaint was that the tomato in the omelette made it wetter than i'd prefer.  I really dont need to write anymore since i loved every bite. My peeps got the potatoes which were also great.  I think for my entire order it was $25, tops.  Totally worth it considering I ordered so much!

DEFINITELY GO HERE. Especially if you love breakfast.
This was my second time at Egg Works. The wait on a Sunday  at noon wasn't too long...about 10-15 minutes. This time I wanted to try the Homemade Corned Beef and my food partner decided on the Country Fried Steak. With each entree, you can get toast or banana nut muffin. I was pleased with the banana nut muffin. When our entrees came, I was disappointed with the Corned Beef. It was dry and just not what I expected. It basically looked like the corned beef you get out of a can. The Country Fried Steak was good, but not blow your mind out of this world great. We ordered a large pancake on the side, but it was a bit rubbery too me and over buttery. However, the service was great.  Overall, it was worth it with our 2 for 1 coupon and for a close breakfast place to eat its convenient.
Love, Love, Love this place!!!  I've lived down the street from this place for a year and never went, until May 6th.

My husband and I went here for our wedding anniversary breakfast (couldn't make it out to dinner together that night) and loved the entire thing!

I had:
-Fresh Veggie Omelet, with the house potatoes & banana nut muffin.

You can chose either the banana nut muffin or toast- go with the muffin!  The portions are quite large, but you can order a half order- awesome!

They have a couple different kinds of coffee- Regular or Hazlenut and they have a get variety of creamers for you to use.

I am now craving this place like CRAZY.  So good and so fast!  

During the week- it was no problem getting a table.  On the weekend- crazy line out front.
Was feeling hungry after I got off work late last night / early this morning...  friend and I decided to try this place out.  It's right around the corner from his house but he'd never even heard of it.  We got there around 7:30am and there was a decent crowd there...  about a half hour later there was a line of people waiting.  Guess we had good timing!

I went with the chili skillet...  it was delicious...  It came with their potatoes on the bottom, with some slightly spicy chili, a good bit of melted cheese, and two eggs on top.  Definitely would recommend this one.  Perfect portion size and with a nice sweet slice of pineapple on the side of the plate.  My buddy went with the Denver Omelet...  Iooked great... nice and big (4 egg), well-filled.  He ate the whole thing so it must have been good!  He wasn't a big fan of the potatoes...  Their potatoes are the small rectangular/squarish ones....  kinda heavily seasoned.  He and I both prefer a more traditional hash brown.  Not sure if they're available though.  My skillet had the potatoes.... which were really good with chili and cheese on them... but as a side dish I wouldn't have been crazy about them.

Service was quick, friendly, and efficient.  They have to be to keep the crowd moving!  Would definitely go back... and would probably get the same thing.  Just don't try going much after 7:30am on a Sunday though, unless waiting in lines is your thing.
I went here with a friend about a month ago and it was so delicious.  I love all of the different omelette options.  

Because i LOVE salt and i don't eat meat (not unless it is suspicious meat) i ordered spam and rice.  Yum.  how do you go wrong?  i just love that they offer spam!!  

My friend ordered the chile relleno omelette.  I didn't even know that such a masterpiece existed.  It was savory, cheesey, and had a yummy kick that only a chile rellano can deliver.  

I'd love to go here again in the future... though i'm always in Vegas, not sure when the next time i'll venture "off-strip".
You'll rarely find me reviewing breakfast places, as my body has a tendency to not turn on my appetite until I've already been awake for two or three hours.  So coming from me, a four star review of a breakfast place is a great thing.  Egg Works helped me get my breakfast fix that I've been craving for the past week.  I have dined here before, but I saw Jen S. post his review of this place this past Friday, and that helped me decide where to get breakfast!

So on those rare occasions when I do breakfast, I love me some eggs benedict.  So I decided to love me some eggs benedict through Egg Works' "Works Veggie Benny," which their menu describes as, "English muffin grilled brown, topped with grilled tomatoes, fresh spinach, sliced avocado,two poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, sauce then we serve it with a side of Works potatoes."  

First things first: the Works potatoes are amazing.  I will eat potatoes in any form, whether it be baked or mashed or anything in between, and the Works potatoes are at the top of my list.  They are crispy on the outside but maintain that starchy softness inside, and are served with a salt/spice seasoning that make these taters into little breakfast fries.

The Works Veggie Benny itself was good.  The avocado and tomato sounded delicious and refreshing, but was overpowered by the hollandaise sauce.  I think one of the poached eggs "popped" prematurely and got yolk mixed in with the hollandaise, leading to a soupy consistency that smothered my veggies.  Not a bad thing, but I wasn't used to my hollandaise being so runny.  Outside of that, the food was delicious, though I think next time I'll be going with a Benny that has some bacon or sausage to go with that sauce.  The meal also came with a slice of watermelon and honey dew; fruit is always a pleasant way to round out your breakfast.

My friend got the Spinach Benny, and we both got coffee, which led to a bill of $25 for the both of us.  Each entree was just under $10, with the coffee being about $2.50 or so.  I am definitely coming back here again, I just can't guarantee when!  Once I try some of their skillets, scrambles, omelets (they have quite the menu!) I have no doubt that my four stars will be bumped to five.
This place is always crowded. There is always a line when I come here , especially on the weekends. One of the best skillet breakfasts I have ever had. I had the "Works" skillet breakfast. The potatoes were very crisp and everything works well together. The flavor was awesome. I also had the spinach Benny! Very flavorful hollandaise sauce.  Service was great.  I will be back.

They have great bloody Mary drinks.
This place is great. It gets swamped on weekends- if you come before 1PM, be prepared to wait to be seated at least 10 minutes, possibly longer for larger parties.  It is worth it, though. My fiancé swears by their biscuits & gravy, I really like their "Hawaiian" breakfasts- the sticky rice, brown gravy & spam is delish! I've also had their mashed potato omelet (pretty good, huge portion) and a few of their Benedicts (homemade Hollandaise is great) and have been pleased. Also, their coffee is AWESOME!
This is a great start to anyone's morning. I will forewarn you all, this place can get packed and you might be waiting a few mins to be seated. 

I am pretty basic, and I just get the eggs scrambled, with two slices of bacon, and their seasoned potatoes (which are great!). I also get their banana muffin. It is the BEST! I sometimes order one to eat at Egg Works, and two to go. I one time ordered four to go. That is how great these muffins are!

Service is pretty good. Just turn over this egg ornament on the table, and someone is there to wait on you within two-five mins.
Yummy yum yum! Great for breakfast and their fries for lunch are delicious. Love the coffee too. The potatoes here are very addicting. My hubby and I have to restrict ourselves or we find ourselves coming here quite a bit. Not for those on diets.
Ill admit it, Im easy....on breakfast places.  In my opinion, producing good solid breakfasts isnt exactly rocket science so most places that specialize in it usually get a pretty good ranking from me.  Even with my modest expectations, my visit to Egg Works was a pleasant surprise. The menu was varied, the portions generous and the service crisp.  

After just getting destroyed by some octogenarians at the 9am bingo session, I decided I need to assuage my wounds in some eggs and potatoes.  I had been meaning to try Egg Works so after inviting my mom to come with me (hey someones got to pay after the drubbing I took) we entered the surprisingly rustic and charming restaurant for a late breakfast,  My mom instantly loved the bucolic decorations and I loved the big plasma tv's playing the World Cup games.  Distractions aside, we both commented on the wonderfully large menu and were impressed to even see ethnic Hawaiian and Mexican options.   

I opted for the Sunrise Special which was essentially a greek omelet with feta cheese, spinach, tomatoes and artichoke hearts.  Accompanying the omelet was breakfast potatoes and my choice of their famous banana nut muffins or toast.  Wanting to kick it a tad more old school (with the bingo I was certainly kicking it old, old, old school), I opted for the toast.  Mom had the eggs benedict which she found to be exactly what the doc ordered.  As for my omelet, it was perfectly fluffy with the right balance of filling.  The potatoes were seasoned and plentiful however, they looked to be frozen and not freshly made.  I love fresh homefries and this was a slight disappointment.  Otherwise, by the end of meal I was full and ready to wash the dauber stains off my hands.  

Overall, Egg Works is a fun, neighborhood breakfast joint.  Its larger than meets the eye which Im sure helps move crowds on the weekends.  Service was consistent and friendly and the prices were very reasonable, especially given how much food each dish seems to contain.  Both our meals were in the 9 dollar range and there were few things that really exceeded that in price.  They also are open for lunch and have a selection of salads, sandwiches and burgers.  

Diagnosis:  Delicious!
A well oiled machine is the headline to this story.  I sat at the counter and ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with Biscuits and Gravy.  I brought a book to read, but I was entertained by the staff's efficiency working a busy holiday monday.  If you want to open a diner and want to get an idea how to do things, come here at have a meal and observe.  Without boring you with the details, the pass through window was an symphony between the cooks and the servers.  Good communication and everyone knows what needs to be done (busy work) to keep things running smooth.  There is also a good quality control.  Several times, a manager asked to have items replated because the presentation wasn't to her standard.  In some cases, food was discarded and re-done.  The Quality of service was a big reason for 5 stars.  Now, to the food.  It was good.  My CFS was a deep fried variety.  The quest to find a pan fried CFS like Eat At Joe's in Redondo Beach, CA. is hard to find.  It was a good steak.  Seasoned well.  The home fries are also deep fried.  Crispy.  I personally prefer grilled home fries with some onion and bellpepper.  The biscuit was a bit dry.  So, my meal was just okay.  The other food I saw looked good.  I would come back and try the Corned Beef Hash.
After trying the sundance special for the very first time, I try so hard to try other items on the menu but I seem to always revert back to my Sundance Special! Love the potatoes and banana nut muffin with my breakfast!
Finally, a breakfast joint that just gets it.  They have a sense of urgency to get you seated and fed.  We love coming here and it has become our go to for breakfast and now even lunch.  We usually sit at the counter for breakfast and for some lame reason I can't remember the girls name that takes care of the counter but always does a great job and is always smiling and pleasant.  We have been coming here for about 3 years now and just recently ordered lunch one day and LOVED it.  Now we hit it up for lunch and avoid the large crowds but someday soon, lunches will probably catch on and there will be crowds.   Consistant food always quick and hot.  LOVE IT!! Thanks Egg Works team!!
I had the California egg-crepe with swiss cheese, bacon, guacamole, tomato, mushroom, and a side of hollandaise. It was amazing, to say the least! I was a little confused about an egg-crepe at first because I think of crepes as sweet and not usually egg-filled. But, to my delight, it was absolutely perfect! It reminded me more of an egg quesadilla, and it came with a heaping side of breakfast potatoes. 
Of course I had a bloody mary, and I have to say this one made my top 5 list..... if anything because it is served in a mason jar! 
 I definitely recommend this breakfast spot, but be prepared to wait awhile.... it is popular for a reason!
Heard hash house a go go is a great spot... we went and will have to try it someday soon... however... it was crowded at the door so when we learned of the 1 hour wait someone suggested Eggworks off of W. Flamingo. 

5 minutes away and 15 minutes later we were sat with a party of 8 adults. 

There was just as big a crowd in a much smaller restaurant. 

We pass our food around to sample soo heres my story... 

Main reason though this gets a 5 is... 
Cottage Cheese is the BEST EVER period. Whatever was on top of it melted in my mouth. 
Food portions HUGE cost LOW (109.00 total with 8 big appetites) really impressive presentation for what is normally basic stuff.. hard to be creative with breakfast but they pull it off. 

Banana Bread French Toast... bit more of a dessert however it was SOOO GOOD! 

Potato Omelet original to me at least and we all secretly love starch on starch on starch on starch....... 

and the hostess had some Barbarella like hair do and was fun and took pics with us all... just great time this AM.....
I've only been here once and it was a disappointing visit. I got an order of the coconut french toast (I'm a sucker for anything with coconut). My wife got the regular french toast breakfast and our son got a kid's chocolate chip pancake shaped like Mickey Mouse. Both orders of french toast were less than stellar -- thin slices of bread that were over-cooked. I was hoping they would use bread that would make their french toast more unique and flavorful, but no. Just some boring flat slices. Personally, I think I can make better french toast. My son did enjoy his pancake and the sausage that it came with was very good. Reading other Yelp reviews, it sounds like most people get some banana nut muffins with their entree. We didn't get any. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. Maybe I should have gotten one of the skillet dishes. I don't know. But, based on this one experience I'd rather eat breakfast at the Cracked Egg or Black Bear Diner.
This is a great family restaurant with an extensive menu, generous portions and good service. I've eaten the California Egg Crepe, The Cabo (breakfast burrito) and most recently 3 Way Chili (spaghetti, chili and cheese). Do yourself a favor and enjoy a cup of coffee with a banana nut muffin. It's a nice treat. Looking forward to my next visit.
Someone I work with recommended Egg Works for breakfast. So my mother and I went there. I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy with Eggs and Potatoes, and a cup of Coffee. The service was fast, very fast, so fast indeed that I wondered at the quality of the food. Sure enough it looks good, but in the taste department they came up way short! The Eggs looked like they had been mass produced and were pulled from one of those buffet style servers. The gravy tasted like it was canned and way too salty with not much hint of meat in it. The biscuit was stale!  The Potatoes, way too SALTY!!!! Smothering reheated frozen potatoes in seasoned salt doesn't cut it in my book! Finally the Coffee was decidedly bitter to both our tastes. I would not go there again!
Probably 4.5 stars, not the best breakfast spot I have ever had In this world but but hands down the best spot in vegas so it gets 5.  This place is also the same as the Egg & I and I have eaten at both spots and they are both excelent. 

There menu is awesome with all the regular stuff plus with crepes, omelets, scrabbles, skillets, bennys, and hawaiian breakfasts.  They also have a cincy chili section that I like, I have never had cincy chili for real but I know what it's all about (over spaghetti) and this chili is real good.  You can also get toast or a banana nut muffin with your meal.    

They do everything well and I have never been disappointed with anything but my favorites are the cincy chili omelet, enchilada omelet, and anything with their excellent country gravy all over it.  They have a chicken fries steak skillet that is potatoes topped with chopped up fried steak, topped with gravy, topped with eggs however u want, it is AWESOME.  They also won some awards for their cincy chili burger but I have never had it.   

My good friend and fellow yelper used to think cracked egg was the best place in town and refused to eat here for some stupid reason.  Well we ate here and he was mad at himself for missing out on this place for all these years, don't make the same mistake.
I came here on Saturday morning craving breakfast but I couldn't decide between their breakfast burrito or their Key Largo Crepe. I finally decided on the crepe because I thought that might be healthier...but now that I think about it I don't think either can be described as healthy. The Key Largo had Smoked Turkey, diced bacon, guacamole, diced tomatoes, and cheddar and jack cheese. Topped with sour cream and a side of salsa. It was also served with some potatoes on the side. This is the first non dessert crepe I have eaten so it had a lot to live up to. It was yummy but I think I will just stick to crepes as a dessert . I think it's because I've programmed myself to think of them as sweet and when I don't get that I think it comes up as second rate in my mind. I do know what I want to try there when I go back ...this lady next to me had this yogurt looking parfait . It had what looked like blueberries and mandarin oranges on the top.That may  be a contender on my next visit!
Upon walking into Egg Works, it looks and feels like any other diner. Once you take your seat and they hand you their menu which is a newspaper, you know that it's not quite ordinary. Once you get a chance to look around it has a whimsical country  farm feel that centers around eggs. Stuffed chickens and roosters here and there. Egg Works themed coffee cups and even when you need help, there's a egg sign you flip that has a sad face meaning that you need your waitress to help you with something. We never actually had to use it since the service was really friendly and great. They treat you like you've been there before after ordering. A nice 'down home' feel. One of the quirkier things is that the door to the bathrooms is built to look like an outhouse.

I just ordered the Bacon and Eggs (what else?). It was a huge plate that additionally came with potatoes (the herby fried square kind). The eggs were fluffy and took up a large portion of the plate. The bacon was nice and crisp, but not overly so. Overall, it was so much that I couldn't finish it off. We also had the Vegetarian Greek Omelet.  I love feta cheese and never thought to mix it with eggs. It came out really tangy. Besides eggs, what is the next best thing? Four words: Homemade Banana Nut Muffins. I could just come here to eat these all by themselves. I'm not a muffin guy, but these dark pillowy muffins make my mouth water. 

A couple last things: The prices are really good for the amount and quality of food you get. No complaints here at all. The parking lot is fairly large, but I could see this place being really busy. When we went it was more toward afternoon, so the crowds dispersed by then. It's a place that's high on our list of places to revisit on our next trip.
Do you love eggs for breakfast? Well Egg Works is a great place to start up your day, you get the protein that you need and why not have it a way that you can enjoy. If your not an egg eating person no worries, they have french toast, waffles, pancakes, crepes, burgers and sandwiches. 
The location is great, good amount of parking, and the staff is very friendly. Sounds to me that this place would be a great place to eat and bring your family or friends. Not an early bird? It's okay they are open until 3PM, perfect for brunch. 

Tried so far: 
Chili Omelette (yummy in my tummy) 
The Classic (plain ol' me) 
Greek Scramble (gotta love the feta) 
Cabo Breakfast Burrito (say OLE) 
Banana Nut Muffin (to die for) 
Banana Nut French Toast (a little sweet but good)
Great for meet with friends. Free wifi
Food was okay. I didn't get my toast. So I don't know why the waitress asked me what kind of toast to go with my California Crepes. I chose sourdough and it says on the menu that I do get either toast or a muffin. Um I didn't get my toast and another waitress told me it doesn't come with it.

Just my luck with eating out.

I had to add some salt/hot sauce to the crepes for flavor because it really lacked..Nicely cooked though. The mushrooms saved it. I felt like it would really go well with that toast though :\
We've been wanting to try this place since moving up to The Lakes over a year ago.  In need of a run to Lee's (which is in the same shopping center) on a Tuesday seemed like the perfect time.  Especially since there was no line wrapping around the building.  

We were seated immediately.  5*'s. 

Drink orders taken within 5 minutes of sitting down.  5*'s.

Waitress in the uniform pony tail popped over to take our order off the extensive menu within 1 minute of our drink order being taken.  Upon being told we weren't ready, she left and returned 15 minutes later.  2*'s. 

HUGE portions.  of Potatoes.  

We had at our table.  

Chicken enchilada omlet:  very tasty.  could have used a touch of spice.  but over all I'd get it again. 

Western omlet:  filled with goodness and the person ordering it took the other 1/2 he couldn't consume at the table..home. and he never ever takes home left overs.  

Bandito scramble:  nice combo but kind of bland.  not enough chorizo to make it --wait for it -- EGGciting enough.  

Coffee was delicious.  Of course any coffee for me is delicious if they are not serving Star bucks or Seattle's best.  

Banana muffin.. worth the entire meal.  Moist, delicious and the alternative to extremely dry toast. 

Now we come to the waitress again.  Ok it was a Tuesday and there was never a line waiting and she had several open tables.  I think she might have either been new OR having a bad day but we had to turn our little eggy guy (see pics) to get our check & a to-go box.  

Overall I'd say its a great find during the week.  Certainly not worth the wait for the massive lines we've seen on the weekend. 

We got in and out in about an hour and 15 minutes and under 50.00.  I'd say it was a good meal.
OK, seriously, who is up early enough to have breakfast at the crack of dawn, let alone at breakfast time, and no I don't mean at 2pm!?? and in Vegas?!? After hauling ass at 3am, taking a detour to Vegas thru Needles, we get there way too early for anything else, but hey, its Vegas. Some friends say I just HAD to try this place, if anything, the banant nut muffin. 

Makeup not done, hair not done, and literlly 4 hours of sleep, we're there with our big appetites.

We get there and I ask for coffee, and immediately its served. Server was very nice and even took time to explain some of their specialties, their famous potatoes, and even their banana nut muffin. I was supposed to get a choice between a muffin or toast, but because I was a first timer, she gave me both. 

Muffin - Was like a taste of sweet heaven! Talk about an orgasmic feeling, and get your head out of the gutters! Made fresh, served warm where the butter melted on direct impact. I was in another world and forgot where I was at. This was the best banana nut muffin I've ever had.

I ordered the country skillet which is basically their potatoes topped with country fried steak, 2 eggs and their country gravey- Potatoes were to die for. Not your usual potatoes, but these were crispy and served with season salt. I was in love with the potatoes itself! Only downfall was that the potatoes are better off on the side vs topped with all that other good stuff. 

Friend ordered corn beaf and hash - defintely excellent, but I still favored my country skillet. 

Service was excellent. Coffee was never empty, and defintely service with a smile. If you haven't been here yet, this is definitely worth the drive from the strip, even more so, if you're up early enough, this is definintely the place to go.
Seriously, I'm addicted to this place. Best place for breakfast and brunch outside the strip. I have tried other options and I always return to eggworks. It's super tasty. Perfect for a nice  Sunday breakfast.

My personal favorites are:

1- bacon and avocado omelette. 

2-bandito scramble (super good deal cause it includes a choice of toast or banana muffin)

3-Classic Benny (always cooked perfectly)

4-Works scarmble is algo good. 


The waiters are always friendly. I go every weekends. The banana muffin is good. The cinnamon roll is great. 


Eggworks is like sunday church for me. And I always leave happy.
THIS IS MY FAVORITE PLACE TO GO TO FOR BREAKFAST IN VEGAS!

we come to egg works every single time we get to vegas.  and we try to get here at least twice on our trips.  everything i have had here is good.  this place has the best muffins too - a banana nut muffin (that you can get instead of toast) with the hugest muffin top you'll probably ever see.  their potatoes are also the best breakfast potatoes of any breakfast restaurant we've been to - they are flavorful and crispy.  

the service has always been great and fast, the food comes quickly, and the prices are very reasonable.  if you havent given egg works a try, you def gotta go.
MY NEW FAVE

I had the Breakfast Burrito-it's filled with scrambled eggs, peppers, bacon, potatoes,  and 2 kinds of cheese with a side of salsa and their seasoned potatoes...It comes cut in half & has the neatness of a wrap.  It comes with a huge portion of seasoned potatoes-you could split this with another if you want : ) My husband had the Corn Beef Hash which actually had a good-size amount of shredded corn beef with hash mixed in, eggs, and more seasoned potatoes.  His meal included bread/muffin. He chose the muffin-banana nut this morning.  He said it was awesome! They also leave you with a carafe of coffee.  It was super busy but the service was great!  The Cracked Egg used to be my fave but I think I'm  an Egg Works' girl now!
Great Vegas breakfast place.  The food is great, the service is great, and the whole place has personality.

If you're looking to eat breakfast somewhere off of the strip, Egg Works has you covered.
I usually work nights, so breakfast for me is usually lunch for most people. That being said, on the rare occasions that I'm up before 11am, I get a little excited to eat breakfast foods, and usually, Eggworks is my to-go place. 

As their name suggests, they serve typical breakfast faire; omelets, breakfast meats and egg plates, waffles, pancakes, etc., but most of their menu is centralized around the always versatile protein. 

My personal favorites are the scrambles, specifically 'The Works' scramble, which is a medley of 3 scrambled eggs, ham, bacon, sausage, mushroom, onions and bell peppers. Simplicity wins here at Eggworks, and their consistency of the quality of food is what keeps me a returning customer. They also give you an option of toast or banana nut muffin with your meal, but I have to urge you to opt for the muffin, it is mighty tasty. 

Service has been good up to date, and it can get very busy during primetime breakfast hours, especially Sunday. 

So if you're in the area, ignore the national franchise pancake houses and diners and come here, it works.
As a former employee of this place, I'm slightly bias......SLIGHTLY!

~The food is consistently cooked the same way, YUM!  You can go to any of the three locations, order the same thing, and it will ALWAYS taste the same.  Good deal!

~PUMPKIN PANCAKES..........are delicious! 

~Banana nut french  toast.......what?!?!?!?

~The staff is fantastic and always willing to help me modify (egg whites, light cheese, easy seasoning) as I so desire. 

~Bloody Marys and mimosas in the a.m..........yes please! 

*It is a DO recommend for breakfast, brunch, or lunch in my book!
Down-home breakfast spot, very un-Vegas!

Egg Works reminds me so much of those cozy midwest diners I miss so much being in Nevada.  The prices are very reasonable, the staff is personable, and pleasant on the eye, and the decor screams of the house you grew up in.

The potatoes which accompany most of the menu items are seasoned with Egg Work's special blend of dry spices.  Some may find them a bit on the salty side, but most leave salivating for more.  Everything can be customized to your preference, and even ordered in half-portions for those without monstrous appetites.  

Bottom LIne:  Great Coffee, family friendly breakfast spot always a great way to start the day.
Confession of a Banana Nut Muffin Lover: 

It all started with a desire to find the Mister a good American breakfast joint.  Having grown up in Vietnam, I do really prefer a French first meal (Vietnam was colonized by France and thus most of us are self-admitted Francophiles) and have subjected my loved ones to French breakfasts and brunches galore!  My fiance, however, had a good ol' American upbringing in the Midwest and ate morning carbohydrates like pancakes.

Enter Egg Works: adorable down-to-earth breakfast restaurant, all themed around ...Eggs!  Even the decor is completed with classic paintings with egg-ish slants, all the faces are replaced by eggs (including the Mona Lisa).  

There is a plethora of egg dishes for you to order, my favorite is the egg-crepe, a tasty blend of crepe batter and egg (perfect compromise of French American traditions).  But the various egg benedicts (called Bennys at Egg Works) are also done well, including one that comes with prime rib on top of a buttered croissant - truly a diet sabotage worth your time. 

But like most food love affairs: you come across that one delight so casually and unintentionally, this was how it began for me and the banana nut muffin.  I was not really even a muffin enthusiast, until then.  Adjectives like moist, soft, warm, perfectly sweet cannot deliver the experience of this muffin.  All I can say is, just try it and you'll know love, too!
I vote this place absolute best breakfast joint in the continental US.  I dined with six companions, about half of them vegetarian, and not a single morsel of food returned to the kitchen, just empty plates.  No, not the best coffee anywhere, but above average for diner-style.  Their spicy twist on the ubiquitous breakfast potatoes turned what, for me, is usually an ignored side dish into the crux of the meal.  Biscuits & gravy rate high on the Richter scale.  The menu had too many items for me to quickly choose, and I will be back to sample more.  Service was friendly and TCB in a flash.  Excellent value!!!
Usually if a restaurant wait is longer than 15 minutes, I'll mosey on over to the next option. Egg Works is the one exception to my rule. Ever since we've moved to Vegas, we utilized the full power of the Yelp community to assist us with finding our new "regular" joints. So mucho props to you all.

Like I said, the wait time is sometimes longer during the peak breakfast/brunch hours - but damn the wait is worth it. There's limited space inside for those waiting, so I'd avoid the busy times during the extreme Summer/Winter days.

The serving sizes are huge, so there's a nice "half" option for those of you without the hyper-asian metabolisms. Prices are reasonable and the menu selections will keep you wanting to try something new every time.

The one bummer thing is the hours. This being Las Vegas - I would assume they stay open late. I suppose it makes sense them serving breakfast food and all (they stop seating at 3PM). Their Loco Moco at 2AM would be friggin' epic.

Count us in as the new local regulars here!
The staff was very accomodating to my hockey team.  The wait was lengthy, but we showed up at a busy time, and it gave us all a chance to chat.  Once we got seated, they were very solicitous, and gave us great service.  Service was quick, as well.  They checked on us regularly, and fixed anything that seemed amiss.  If you have a chance, check out their website, www.theeggworks.com.  I ordered the chicken pot pie.  The serving was rather large, so I couldn't finish it.  It was served in a bread bowl, and was the ultimate in comfort food.  The chicken and veggies were in a warm, creamy sauce.  I was in heaven!  Looking around at my teammates' entrees, I noticed that the biscuits and gravy looked great!  I'd come back to try that choice!
Great breakfast food. Get there early because they fill up fast!
I enjoy a good hearty breakfast, so eating here makes really good sense. The menu selection is focused on, what else, eggs, so there are numerous omelets to choose from and you can get any style of eggs and the portions are very large and can keep you satisfied for most of the day. They also serve lunch with sandwiches and burgers. 

Today I tried the bacon avocado omelet with potatoes and toast . My husband came with me and he wanted to try the carrot cake french toast. this was very delightful and we enjoyed it. He also ordered the tuna melt and it's toasted inside out approach to this sandwich is what makes it unique. 

I don't think anyone would be disappointed with the menu or the service. We have been to their Phoenix location as well, and it's this restaurants consistency that we count on to keep us coming back.
i did expect more of a menu, but then again nothing else mattered after I saw the mashed potato ommelette ok the menu. I used to get it at a small local place but it shut down and nobody else serves it...until now!!!! Muffins are not as good as what the RJ says and the chilli is kind of bland. Stick to the mashed potato ommelette and take a long walk afterwards. gravy are good also.
Okay, so I've been eating breakfast here for, like, five years. I figure it's time I write a review.

I don't have anything particularly unique to add to the other reviews here. The food is pretty consistent, though I commonly order between 4 or 5 dishes. The cooks overdo it with the cheese and Works seasoning sometimes, but I've come to expect that so I plan for it. "Easy on the cheese" or "no seasoning on the potatoes". They seem cool with that.

The service? It can be hit or miss, though more hit than miss. In fairness, I almost always sit at the counter, and if Rochelle is working, I'm taken care of. I've never had awful service, but the dining room can get really busy and the service suffers for it.

When I first started coming here, I couldn't stand the "decor". Sadly, it's grown on me. I'm *this* close to buying a tie-dyed EggWorks t-shirt. 

My favorite part? It's a local small business. I feel good supporting them, and that's what's most important... They make me feel good about myself. haha
EGGS!!!  Excuse me for the exclamation, but I do love eggs with a passion.  For that reason alone, having the word "Egg" as part of an establishment's name is usually enough to lure me in.

I can't really comment on wait times for a table, as I usually come by my poor lonesome self and sit at the counter with a magazine or the paper, but there is usually no wait for the counter.  The staff is fast and attentive, almost immediately getting my drinks as I sit down.  They have a couple of televisions above the counter, one on sports and the other on news.  Each table and counter seat has a flip egg for when you need service.  The egg with the smiley face on it (it's actually a pretty creepy smiley face, the kind of face that says "hey baby wanna leave with me tonight?") means everything is well.  The egg with the frowny, constipated looking face means you need attention, and the one time I had to use this they were extremely quick to respond.  

Most of them items on the menu have eggs (dur), and the portions are very large.  Omelets are made with four eggs instead of three.  I usually order the Three Pigs, which is an omelet with cheese (usually order without it though to decrease the fattiness), sausage, ham and bacon, served with either fried potatoes and toast or banana nut muffin.  The Omelet itself is amazingly delicious and the potatoes tasty with this seasoning they drizzle over it.  I usually order toast, as I really don't care for the banana nut muffin.

Random quirk: The door to the bathroom is built to look like an outhouse!  Cute looking, but still retaining the functionality of modern plumbing!

The food is a bit pricey, but you generally get what you pay for.  If you live in the southwest part of the valley, you owe it to yourself to check this gem out.

PROS:
Eggs, eggs, and more eggs!  Big portions for you egg lovers
Fast and attentive and friendly wait staff.
Flip egg so you can call for service without looking awkward

CONS:
A bit pricey.

THE VERDICT:  A great place to go on a semi-regular basis.
Arrived at 9:00 on a Friday morning.  No wait at all.  I was surprised it wasn't busier...

Egg works offers a large slightly overwhelming newspaper style menu.  The service was super friendly, fast, and smiley.  We had three breakfasts and three coffees for $36.  Price is right.

Momma was thrilled with her eggs benny with spinach.  She opted for fruit on the side and was all but licking the perfectly cooked egg yolks out of the bottom of her dish.  She was also happy the fruit wasn't the usual melon cop out but fresh pineapple and orange slices.

I could not resist the temptation of the chicken enchilada omelette.  Theis creative breakfast omelette weighed approximately 4 lbs. and was served with at least 3 servings of crispy seasoned potatoes.  The portion was huge! I brought half home.  The omelette had chicken, green chiles, enchilada sauce, and cheese, and crispy tortillas baked on top for a crunchy surprise.  Very good.  Nothing needed salt or pepper.   Hot, yummy, and nicely seasoned.  

The leave a carafe of coffee on the table for your convenience and provide french vanilla coffee creamer. BONUS POINTS!

The decor is super cute; not too kitchy.  Little egg details everywhere and an outhouse style bathroom door.   

I'll go back for sure when I'm ready for another super sized breakfast.
What? I can have prime rib in my eggs benedict? Awesome! Last November (2010), I fell in love with getting breakfast/brunch after coming to this place (I dont care if NPH says guys can't have brunch together!) 

I wanted to try one of their omelets, but couldn't pass on the hollandaise sauce... mmm.

This place is GREAT, but the wait was pretty long (40 minutes) on a Sunday afternoon (1pm). It's also pretty far from the strip. We messed up and didn't notice that they had a sister egg works closer to the hotels. If you're staying on the strip, try the Egg and I instead.
Great food! This place is always packed but it is well worth the wait. Wife had the original breakfast burrito. It's a no frills meal, egg, cheese and potatos in a tortilla. Did I say potato? Man, they overload the plate with potatos that invariably have to take home. I wonder how many potatoes get thrown out but I digress.....

I had the Reuben. It's a decadent sandwich done just how I like it. The potato salad (did I say potato) is killer. The mustard in the potato salad takes it over the top (reminds me of a good Southern style potato salad). 

Definitely a place to go for good comfort food.
I love Egg Works, after a night of partying, it's the perfect place to go to cure any lingering  aftereffects.

I love the eggs Benedict and the biscuits and gravy with the homestyle potatoes, definitely won't go wrong with either, and did I mention they also serve SPAM???!!!  How awesome is that?

I heart Egg Works!
I've been to Vegas almost a dozen times now, and my favorite spot has always been Egg Works. It's quaint place with the most delicious omelettes are just to die for. Yes, I am willing to drive 10 minutes outside of the strip just to come to this place.

The portions are insane for the price they charge as well. My favorite part also is it really makes me happy to see the sun shining through the window while I eat breakfast, remembering the evening before. As you know, in Vegas - there is always something to remember the night before.
Excellent breakfast restaurant. Always busy and staff handles it great. Coffee is real good as well.
This place has better food, service and prices than the much hyped and over-rated Hash House A Go Go.  Hash House is nothing more than a tourist destination that out-of-towners feel they must check off their bucket lists due to the TV time and praise it's received from clueless celebrities visiting Vegas.  However, I bet the celebrities actually GET the service and CORRECT orders without the LONG wait times for their food to arrive.  So yes...go there if you are a celebrity...they may actually take care of you.

Locals know the real deal for breakfast is at Eggworks (or their other locations Eggworks II & The Egg and I) where you avoid the annoying families on vacation happy to overpay for their mediocre meals in exchange for bragging rights of being able to say, "Hash House A Go Go...Of course I've been there!"  I've also noticed the weekend-wanna-be-bad-ass biker crowd likes to be "seen" at Hash House as well which makes it all that less cool if you ask me.

Eggworks makes my favorite Eggs Benedict of all...The Blacken Prime Rib Benny.  I've had Eggs Benedict with plain ham, exotic ham, salmon, chicken, crab...you name it.  None are as delicious as the one these guys put together with blackened prime rib!  I wish I could find a place in Seattle that would make me a Benny this good!

Be prepared to wait for a table in the mornings on the weekend but be assured that once you are seated, your food will come out fast and fantastic!  I really don't enjoy traditional breakfast foods, but this joint knows how to make EGGCITING breakfasts with a gourmet flare.
I must go there 4-5 times per week. Food is good, staff is pretty good. Order the Works Crepe - the dressing is insane!!
Looking for breakfast away from the strip and without a 2 hour wait?  Try this place out!  Egg Works came highly recommended from the yelp pages.  Their breakfast menu is pretty huge so take some time to look it over.  I went with the country fried steak smothered in a nice sausage gravy.  I also got a nice side of linguica  and white rice!  Oh the carnage!  Yes, my arteries may not have been too happy with me but my stomach was content.  Prices are very reasonable with nothing on the menu topping over $14 for the most part.  Well worth the trip of strip!
Breakfast here is amazing. My personal fav are the potatoes, they are just perfect. Will be returning to egg works next time I'm in vegas
My second fav breakfast spot. I come for the banana nut muffins and coffee,but always order an omelette too. They all come with zesty square potatoes that are wonderful. Every time I go it's busy, and rightfully so.
The attention to detail has for some reason been thrown out the window at the place! I've been a fan of the Egg and I chain for a long time but this location at W. Flamingo and Fort Apache has tarnished the name. The staff is rude and uptight, with a "why are you bothering me for extra napkins" attitude/mentality. Also, the order should be checked for accuracy BEFORE it is even brought to the table!!!

I will NEVER be back to Egg Works AGAIN - IT IS TERRIBLE!!!
meh. very meh. i guess my expectations were set too high looking at the 4 star average review for the place but it leaves me wondering where have these people been eating breakfast and why is this considered to be somewhat of a breakfast institution. it all makes sense when you compare it to crack egg's 4 star average, another place i dont care for, but not put next to hash house a go go's 4 stars-a completely different breakfast experience.
*****2011 Entertainment book...buy one get one free meal coupon*******


Was hankering to eat out for breakfast one morning so I looked on Yelp for ideas. As luck would have it after deciding on Egg Works I also found a coupon for buy one get one free meal in my Entertainment book...score!

Wow, I have been missing out. I truly enjoyed my experience!

What we ordered! All was Hearty, fresh and delicious!

The portions are VERY LARGE.

Denver Omelette
Cheese, ham, green peppers and onion.

Chicken Enchilada Omelette
Sliced seasoned chicken, green
chilies, cheddar and jack cheese folded inside, then
topped with a tasty enchilada sauce, more cheese, homemade
tortilla chips and a scoop of sour cream

***By using my buy one get one coupon they deducted $15.30 from our bill! Talk about savings for such an enormous hefty meal! We walked out a winner, stuffed and happy!!!!!!!!

Fantastic service and food! The quality can't be beat!

Will be back soon...very soon!
THE best place for breakfast food. Beats IHOP, Dennys, etc etc out of the water. Servers are very attentive and friendly...Just flip the egg! Environment is clean and they also have tvs around the restaurant tuned to news and sports. 

Recomendations:
 
Opt for the banana muffin instead of toast! I typically hate muffins but this muffin is out of this universe. It has a strong aroma and taste of banana and you can also physically see the nuts in them.

The Works Omelette: Loaded with all different kinds of meat and vegetables. Comes with their works potato which is a must have.

Country Fried Steak: A GIGANTIC slab of chicken fried steak and drizzled with soo much gravy. The gravy is creamy and savory and pairs perfectly with the fried steak.
I am still a huge fan of this place, and I have wandered around the menu since my last review. 

This morning I had the Egg Taliana (which is eggs, with italian sausage, homemade marinara, and I want to say monterrey jack cheese). My husband had their Banana Nut french toast (comes with maple syrup and apple compote). 

This place has not disappointed us. If you haven't gotten breakfast here... YOU ARE MISSING OUT!
Great breakfast food!!! Im originally from california and im used to going to IHOP and Dennys for breakfast so this was amazing compared to cali places. They have amazing potato and fries. I love their seasoning...salty but sooo good. I ordered a waffle with strawberries and cream, bacon, 2 eggs for less than $10! I think thats a great deal. The only downfall is waiting for a table. Overall awesome breakfast place...u must go!
breakfast is the most important meal of the day why not make it a great one, yes of course what you are going to eat here its not going to be the healthiest but it is delicious. I am from LA and this is one of the reasons i would come to vegas that omelette with feta to die for and blueberry pancakes with cashews wow.
if you head to vegas follow the locals and this is one of those places,
As someone who can live with coffee for breakfast and nothing else, for me to crave breakfast food can only mean one thing...this place is bomb. 

The portions are massive and for some of them they allow half orders, a life saver for someone like me, with eyes always bigger than my stomach. The skillets are great mainly because they include the breakfast potatoes, that are unlike any other I've had. So great! I have a love affair with eggs benedict and it does not disappoint here. The banana nut muffins are a work of art for your mouth and usually warm from the oven. YUM. 

Maybe the best part about this joint is the cute little egg on the table. You turn it to a sad face if you need anything at all, and the servers practically break their necks running over to you when a sad egg is spotted. The place gets busy but it's pretty big so the wait goes fast. There are plenty of TV's too, usually on news or sports. So get out of bed and get over there!
Wow, this place just does breakfast right. If someone was looking for a template on how to make a great breakfast diner, they should look no further than egg works.

First the service... they have a egg smiley face at your table that you can turn into a frowny face if you need immediate service. If you make it a frowny face, your server will come almost immediately. I've really never needed to use this however because our server almost always has checked in on us at good times.

Now the food. Holy crap is this stuff good. If you're dieting, don't go here because it's too tempting. I would reccommend something, but really everything is good. Make sure to get a side of potatoes because they're fantastic and seasoned very well. 

If you haven't been here yet and you live in Vegas, go! If your not in west Vegas, try the Egg and I, it's by the same people and the experience is basically the same.
It is a good place if it is not a weekend morning when they are packed... Every time we try to go on a Sunday there is a really long line:(  The checkout is a not the best part and I would like it if they allowed you to just pay the waitress at your table.  It would seem that the waitress would get better tips that way!  I am looking for another breakfast place in the area, as I am too impatient to wait when I am starving... So send me your recommendations.
EGGCITING!!!

First time here,  decor was cute.  My wife is into the decor and cleanliness and she was happy!  And, so was I.  The service was eggcellent and friendly.  We felt like like the locals eating at our secret spot!

My wife had the Brads Scramble and I had the Carnitas.  The Brads Scramble was awesome.  Fresh spinach, mushroom, cheese... yum.  And I am a carnivore.  However, my Carnitas was good but too salty.  To be honest, I couldn't finish it because of the saltiness.  

If I lived in Vegas, I would be a regular here.  Good food, nice service, cute decor.  Yup, I'll be back.
Egg Works is a great breakfast and lunch diner. But, it is also home to the best Cincinnati chili west of Western Hills. They are expanding all over town. Go for a 3, 4 or 5-Way and life is good. Very friendly staff and solid service.
My Favorite place to eat for breakfast, hands down.  Great service.  For some reason, even their tap water tastes really good.  Sunrise mountain is my favorite.
Delish is all I can say!  I had the mashed potato omelet and it was simply mouth-watering.  An omelet stuffed with garlic mashed potatoes, bacon, and cheese.  It came with a side of breakfast potatoes and toast.  A ton of food for only $10.  We had to wait a little bit to be seated (but to me that just says how great it is that so many people want to eat there), we had excellent service and overall just a wonderful experience.  I highly recommend!
Eggsactly what I was looking for in a breakfast place while in Vegas!!! Such a great classic breakfast with hearty servings. This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas that I visit everytime I go back. 

I'm a sucker for Eggs Benedict and while many people have written about them, they seriously are consistently good everytime. Poached eggs cooked just right served under a nice blanket of hollandaise. It's overall the classic taste you're looking for in a homecooked breakfast. 

My friends are always pleased when I take them here. 

*Note: They do get REALLY busy! But you know, they also do a great job of providing service that's friendly and quick. Our wait wasn't more than 10 minutes. I say, stick around and enjoy the ambiance!! Much better to hang out for a table than drive around in the desert sun looking for some place that will compare....and it's going to be a while before you find that place. :)
This place has become one of my all-time favorite breakfast joints.  I have been here a few times now and never do they disappoint. 

My two favorite dishes are the stuffed french toast (it's basically a french toast sandwich with eggs, cheese, and your choice of bacon, ham, or sausage.) I usually get this with bacon and it is by far amazing. I love sweet and savory dishes equally so this dish is the perfect balance for me.

Second favorite dish is the banana bread french toast (can you tell I love french toast?? lol). But this is by far THE BEST french toast I have EVER TASTED. It's so soft, melt-in-your-mouth delicious. If you're craving something on the sweeter side, this is definitely the dish for you. It will NOT disappoint. 

Portions sizes are generous, I usually always have leftovers (which make a great snack for later). The service has always been quick, efficient and friendly, though, I I've seen this place get pretty busy (especially on weekend mornings) so expect to wait a little if you choose to go then.  Their menu is pretty impressive (lots to choose from so I need to start venturing out of my "comfort zone" and try other things). 

So for all you breakfast lovers out there -- this place is without a doubt a must-try... I can pretty much guarantee there's something for everybody!
This place is a must for breakfast! I have been going here been eating here for several years and the food and service have been consistently good. Prices are very reasonable and portions are humongous. I've tried a bit of everything on the menu and have not been disappointed. 

The warm banana muffins are the best and you can pre-order a banana loaf to go (which I have yet to do for fear of the havoc it will wreak on my waistline). Love the hash browns. They also have Hawaiian breakfast specialties.
The service is excellent and the wait time wasn't too bad. Only about 10-15 minutes to get a table, which is reasonable for a weekend spot. The restaurant is clean and definitely a popular spot for breakfast since every table was filled. The food unfortunately didn't "wow" me. I ordered the Three Pigs omelette, which was covered with a massive amount of jack cheese. So much that the grease from the cheese puddled into one corner of the omelette.  I had to scrape most of the cheese off. I could barely taste the meat flavors and was hoping for a crunchy bacon filling with the sausage and ham. The side potatoes were a bit overcooked and over seasoned and the English muffin was drenched in butter. Maybe my stomach wasn't in the mood for lots of oily fats, because I just wasn't impressed by the meal or flavors.

I would definitely return again and try another dish. It's difficult to find a great breakfast spot, so I won't rule this place out. I unfortunately can't give it a four or five star rating like most of the reviews on here because it just wasn't that spectacular.
Easy to find a  parking space, when busy not to long of a wait, service is great and clean... Unfortunately there is way too much seasoning on potatoes , next time i better try hash browns, if they have that option? And the omelets and crepes tend to get cooked too much and so inside ingredients tend to be dry.. But the portions are huge and they offer a 2 for 1 buy coupon in the local paper. And the best thing that comes with breakfast instead of toast,opt for the banana nut muffin, that is real yummy...
Eggs works is pretty cute with the newsprint menus and cute mugs.

We tried it out not wanting to have motel breakfast or some fast food joint and it was ok.

The portions were huge (seems to be a theme at most American restaurants) so if you want a huge breakfast, definitely go here.

Service is great.
Love the Benedicts and the Hawaiian breakfasts.
Service from Staci was excellent. The food and service are always great. Brought my daughter in for a daddy/daughter breakfast and it was great as usual. I really appreciate that they have turkey sausage (no turkey bacon yet) for those of us that do not eat pork.

**Don't order the yogurt parfait... very small and expensive. You will be disappointed.
My husband and I have come back a few times and brought family members. I still think this food is just MEH but I'm upgrading a star because it's consistent. At least I know what I'm getting.
This place is amazing!  The bacon mashed potato omelet is a must.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive.
I usually go to the one on flamingo but noticed this one since I live near by. I waited a few months for it to open and finally opened this monday. Went to go visit tuesday and ordered my usual corned beef hash and spinach egg and it tasted just as good as the other one. The staff was very friendly, and the place was very clean. Will definitely be back.
Like the other locations, this place consistently delivers great food, variety, and exceptional service which keeps this place ridiculously busy.

Our server was super nice.  At first we got sat at a small 2 person table with no width but our server was sweet and generous pulling one of her other 2 tops to combine so we had room.  Some servers may have been hesistant or may not have even offered since they'd essentially be giving up more tip.  We defintely kept that in mind when paying.

As for food, we had the Prime Rib Steak Benedict which was a unique addition to their massive menu.  Rather than a standard bene, it was over their croissant which provided for an intense and rich experience.  I loved the pairing with the hollandaise sauce and spinach.  

We rounded the meal out with a waffles combo which was perfectly crisped but soft which was topped with whipped cream and bananas.  We had enough food to take home to have a second breakfast the next day.

You can't really go wrong at Egg Works and the Egg family.  It's not Denny's/IHOP and it's not Bouchon, but they are really good at providing quick, tasty breakfasts.
I was excited about going to Eggworks because I have seen good reviews and I have seen the long lines waiting to get in.  Unfortunately, my meal was rather underwhelming.  

I ordered flavored coffee and they gave me regular coffee that tasted like burnt rubber, melted into a molasses like consistency.  They also forgot to give me the side dish that I ordered.  The poached eggs and toast were serviceable but nothing out of this world. Biting into the chicken fried steak was like chewing on beef jerky that has been smothered by plain Crisco.  The best thing about the meal were the little pre-packaged packets of jam.  

The decor is a half hearted attempt at country kitsch.  The place is mostly decorated with a massive throng of humanity.  I find it perplexing why the place is so popular.  Go to the Coffee Cup in Boulder City to find what Eggworks strives to be.
**Hours**
       - 6am - stop seating at 3pm
**Summary**
       - Best of Both Worlds - You get the quality control and pricing of chain restaurants with the taste and feel of a family owned joint. This is the fourth in a string of egg works in town and the first that is actually close to me.
       - Seasoned Center Cut New York Steak - One of the two items I always get when I'm here. They use their own special seasoning that makes the steak simply delicious.
       - Works Potatoes - Seasoned home fried potatoes. Their seasoning is so good they even sell it. Their fries are done the same way.
       - Banana Nut Muffin - Comes with almost every dish. It's sinful how moist and addicting this muffin is. If it's your first time and your entree doesn't come with it, I believe they'll give you one anyway. They know it's like crack and it'll keep you coming back.
       - Works Burger - The other item I always get. Sauteed onions, mushrooms, bacon, and cheese. Need I say more. It tastes just as good as it sounds.
       - Bennies - If you like eggs benedict, they have 5 different kinds. One even is topped with blackend prime rib.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice breakfast or lunch place.
Egg works did not "Work-out" too well for me ;-/ Which Is a shame because I love LOVEEEEE breakfast....I can have It for lunch, dinner you name It. I Imagined this place to be near "Mind-Blowing" because I had heard many great things about It but to my disappointment It was not up to par. I ordered the Corned Beef Hash meal to go, service was speedy so I do have to give them that but the staff did seem to be  too busy talking amongst themselves to greet properly, The one girl who took my order was a bit snooty. 

My hash was not good, It had a really strong beef taste like they had just taken It off the cattle and the eggs had a rubbery texture to It., Not at all what I expected :-(
I'm really impressed with the overall quality and consistency of this "chain" in general; (chain is such a harsh term, I wish I could come up with better verbiage). Their newest location is no exception.

Took a date their for brunch last Sunday, she ordered the Veggie Benny while I had the Country Benny. The country benny was one of the better renditions of biscuits and gravy that I've ever had, with the gravy having a really nice, balanced flavor. It seems like a lot of breakfast gravies that are served with biscuits are just thick and gloppy; more meant to stick to your bones then deliver flavor. Their gravy really shines.

My date loved her veggie benny, especially the grilled tomato and fresh avocado. Service was friendly and customer oriented. I'm definitely a fan!
Wow, I was utterly surprised and glad I've tried this place. Probably one of the best breakfast places I've ever had. I'm just a little upset that I have to travel 300+ miles to go to this place. I wish this came make this place or something similar to it here in the bay.

If I'm not mistaken I ordered "This Little Piggy" breakfast skillet. Which contained a combination of crisp bacon, diced ham, pork sausage, and bubbling cheeses. And yes it just as mouth watering as it sounds. What I did like most was their seasoned potatoes that came with my meal. Can't believe there are no other similar places like this around the bay. I simply fell in love with their breakfast there. You better believe this spot will be a must stop every time I come to Vegas. I can go on an on about this place buy I'll save some thoughts for an update review when I come back trying another meal.

Next update will be on a new meal, service and environment (this place has a shizzzz load of flat screens). Thanks for breakfast Egg Works, I'll be back for more.
My fiancé and I went here for what we hoped was a nice breakfast and a way to kill some time while our car was being fixed.

I was wrong on both levels.  This place is not only fantastic and magical but they're crazy fast to boot.  I've never been so happy to be wrong!  -:P

We walked in and most (if not all) of the tables were full.  It was quite bustling with the servers quickly moving about as well as hostesses seating people.  Placed our name on the list, was told it was about 10-15 minutes and sat outside.  I don't even think it was 5 minutes when we were called and sat.  Cool.

The menus are newspaper-style (cute!) and there was also a special laminated menu for, well, specials.  Derp.  Service was always efficient and super-polite by our awesome server (who wore a cute egg-themed shirt over her baby bump); we were never left without.  My fiancé ordered sides and she made it a combo so we'd save money; I opted for the spam and eggs and rice meal!  Om nom nom.  We also were super excited to be in a non-bar/casino-type place and still order mimosas.  Super delish.

Everything tasted great and came out so quickly, but did not feel rushed in the least.  If you eat eggs, please go here - they know eggs better than eggs know eggs.  Seriously.  I rarely ever get scrambled eggs because most restaurants make them weird - this place made them to fluffy, delectable perfection.  Spam slices were thick and the sticky rice was better than at most Asian restaurants!

And the banana nut muffin is indescribably delicious.  Just... put it in your mouth and enjoy.

Prices are reasonable for a breakfast place - if you don't order alcohol (oops) - and sure as heck beats IHOP/Denny's.

Must come back to try all the other things on the menu that sounded amazing, like the breakfast burrito and spaghetti chili!
Good banana nut muffins, love the greek omelet and the bacon and avocado omelet and the potatoes are good here as well. Biggest area of opportunity here is the french toast and it is still good.
Been here a couple times.. Different locations first time to this one.. Line was pretty fast Saturday AM.. Food was good.. nothing really amazing.. but it is good reasonably priced breakfast food.. I would go there anytime if you in the mood for some home style cooking.
This place is always crowded.  Service was very good.  Food is just average..it's eggs.  Food is expensive for breakfast.. $10.95 for veggie eggs Benedict, yes for poached eggs on an English muffin with a few spinach leaves and slices of avocado.   Potatoes are dry and too salty.  Carrot cake French toast was too sweet.  Breakfast for 2 with only 1 small glass of OJ was $19. with tip, after using an $8.00 coupon.  Pricey for a non-memorable breakfast.  Go across street to Shucks, all breakfast entrees are only $3.95!
Food 2.5. Service 4.

I'm not an American breakfast lover so my review can be viewed as skewed.

I ordered the Chile Relleno Omelet with a side of potatoes. I didn't like my dish because the egg was overcooked and somewhat rubbery. Also, the omelet was really thick and it had way too much bland cheese on top of it and also inside of it. And the red salsa on top was so ambigous; it didn't taste like tomato, it wasn't spicy, what was it? It was convenient that the potatoes were cubed into small bite sizes but it was definitely overseasoned; my husband didn't like the ratio of surface area:seasoning and I completely agree with him. I tried the banana nut muffin but it wasn't worth the calories so I only ate the spillage of the muffin top and ignored the rest. The coffee was swallowable but it had the typical diner taste. On a positive note, it helped me "go" after breakfast so it was somewhat useful. 

On the other hand, the service was good. The waitress was quick, attentive, and simply put "did her job well." 

Conclusion: Maybe I ordered the wrong dish? I really wanted to like it, sorry!
Food 2; Service 3.5 ... So overall about a 2.75 but I don't round up.

I really LOVE breakfast and honestly, this place simply was a drag. The only thing that I could agree to love was the gravy. The biscuits were "doughy" but the gravy masked it. It was simply that good. The other items, eggs, bacon were just meh. The potatoes were the biggest disappointment... just crunchy squares.

Waitress was nice and very attentive. Just wish the food lived up to the hype.
Very busy but very efficient service. Banana Nut Muffins as good as everybody says. Great omelet. Would definitely go back.
Really good breakfast.  Have never ordered lunch here, so I can't comment.  But the breakfast is really good.

Eggs cooked to perfection, great bacon, great banana nut muffin, decent potatoes, and excellent coffee.  The omelets are big, and good.  And the chicken fried steak is pretty good too.

Good service even when it's busy... which it usually is at breakfast.  Decent prices for what you get.
Haole loco and island favorite.  One of the best breakfast places in Las Vegas.  Service is quick.  Recommend going before 9:30 on weekends before it gets busy and have to wait for a table.
This is the best place to get breakfast in Vegas. Went here a bunch of times and loved everything. Everyone loved everything, and I was here in groups. I don't know that there's anything bad on the menu. You could order blindfolded and whatever you get will be good. If this existed in our area, we'd practically live here. 

The only downside is it's not on the Strip, so if your reasons for being in Vegas put you on the Strip all the time, you have to go out of your way and maybe you don't have time for that. We happened to be visiting friends who live nearby and that's how we knew about it. If you're not renting a car, this is out of the way of anything you might be doing on the Strip that you could otherwise walk to. 

That being said, it's delicious and inviting and groups hold their meetings here so everyone will be happy and satisfied. 

So go!!
I had breakfast at Egg Works on Flamingo one day while I was in Vegas.

I had the Cabo Breakfast burrito; my wife had the stuffed french toast. Both were excellent.
The service was great; the staff was quite friendly  The place was clean. The decor was very nice (bonus points for not having the tables too close together) and we enjoyed dining there.
I'd recommend this place for breakfast to anyone.
This was my favorite breakfast in Vegas.  Nothing compared to it.  It is worth the trip off the strip.  Cheap, good food.  The servers are friendly.  They have a happy, sad egg sign that you turn over when you need attention from your waiter.  It has a very warm atomosphere.
I love egg works!! :) This place is my favorite breakfast place in the world!! Today I am having a works beni with scrambled eggs &  breakfast potatoes. Being a vegetarian I love there fresh fruit plate with cottage cheese. The staff is always super friendly and very accommodating. I love taking my dates here also they have such a great menu! 5stars for egg works!!
Great breakfast place for decent price. I got the board special - eggs scrambled with Mexican chicken and tortilla strips. Very hearty and satisfying. I would have liked more spice or Mexican flavors, but that's a personal preference. Would recommend to anyone who needs fueling before a day of hiking.
I always get the Piggy Skillet.
Bacon, Ham, Sausage, potatoes, cheese & over easy eggs..
So amazing & just under $10. 
This is our casual breakfast spot, at least once a week.
I went here on a Saturday, and literally every walk of life was there. From church goers, to hungover twenty somethings. It looked a little grim at first with there being about 20 people waiting, but we had a table in 5 minutes. I think it's because we came a little but later at almost 11, but once we were sat the place was still pretty busy. 

I have to hand it to them though, it was slammed and the customer service was still great and we really didn't have to wait very long to get our food. I ordered the chicken fried steak which was pretty awesome, but the main attraction here is the potatoes. I dunno what they use to season them, but it was nothing I'd had at breakfast time before. I'll go back, for sure.
A good place if you want a large plate of food at affordable prices. The breakfast food was good.  I had the Hawaii Breakfast special.  The large plate of food came with eggs, pineapple, sausages, and rice.  The rice doesn't seem to fit.  The food was great and hit the spot.  Oh yeah, don't skip over the fresh made banana nut muffins.  They were delicious.
Your typical breakfast place, but since it's close to my house and they've always taken care of me. Plus, they have TVs running sportscenter usually.
Just about every item on the menu is $10 bucks.  Since all the prices are about the same it makes it easy to pick what you like but by the time you add $2.90 for coffee you start to wonder if breakfast is worth that much.  Add the fact that your choice of potatoes is frozen tiny pieces which seasoning or a nearly exact replica of Mikey D's hash brown patties - yes frozen also.  After not being asked which on of these wonderful potato choices I preferred last visit , I decided it would be my last.
Good food.  Friendly staff, good value.  Very glad I we ate breakfast here before we left Las Vegas.  My only criticism is that the "Works Potatoes" were a tad over seasoned.  Not sure what their seasoning consists of entirely, but there was some chili powder and possibly some paprika.  My other half, put his potatoes in the leftovers of his sausage gravy to calm down the seasoning.  I just didn't finish mine.  They were hot and crispy, just a little too much seasoning.
The vegetarian crepe is my go-to breakfast here. I don't even have to look at the menu. The pancakes are really good too but I'm much more into savory than sweet for my breakfast. I always sub a side of fruit in place of the works potatoes. The taters are great but I feel better about myself when I start my day with sliced melon, grapefruit, pineapple and oranges. It's a nice side of fruit for no up-charge. The crepe also comes with muffin or toast. I like both and It's usually a tough decision. The banana nut muffins are moist and delicious without adding any butter. But the toast (white, wheat, rye or sourdough) is a great compliment to my meal. Such a hard choice, I usually alternate between the two. Either way, you can't go wrong.

I always get good service here even when they are busy. It helps that you can just flip your egg to yellow when you need something. It's a nice touch. Instead of trying to flag down a waiter you can just flip the egg and let the service come to you. Good food, large portions, reasonable prices, friendly staff and you can usually find a bogo coupon in the Tuesday edition of The View.  What's not to like?
This place has some of the best breakfast in  Las Vegas .
We used to go to the "other egg" place :) but since moving farther away from that side of town we started giving Egg Works a try and have been loyal ever since! 

Coffee is good and I like how the table gets their own carafe so we don't hafta wait around for topping off our cups (much appreciated in the morning). I don't think I've ever had a bad meal there and I try to get something new every time, this last time I had their special with potato skins filled with egg, cheese, bacon pieces and topped with sour cream! Sooo good & soooo guilty :-) but hey, breakfast is the most important meal of they day right?!? Banana nut muffins are very tasty but I DO miss the coffee cake sometimes from.. Ah hem Jk 

Staff is always friendly and fast. We love it!
I have been to this location on several occasions and I'm usually drawn there because of a coupon. On this occasion, I had a buy one breakfast get one breakfast free (up to an $8 value) coupon from my trusty Entertainment Book with me. 

As always, I suggested to my fella that we share a savory and a sweet dish and once again, I was rebuffed. I ordered the pork chops with scrambled eggs, my fella got the sunshine skillet and my mom ordered the classic breakfast with hamsteak. All our food was solid breakfast fare. I have never been a fan of the home style potatoes they serve at Egg Works, so I went with the hash browns well-done. The hash browns were more like hash brown patties, which I was a little disappointed by, but they were actually pretty tasty. My meal was tasty. When we were finished eating, each of us had about half of our meals still left on our plates. The portions are enormous. At this point, my fella finally admits that my suggestion of sharing plates would have been a good idea - victory! 

This restaurant is great for breakfast treats, just get there early on weekends or you'll be waiting a while for a table. Service is fast and efficient. I'll be back, and next time I'm getting sweet and savory!
The food was pretty good and if you get here early enough the wait isn't too bad. They can get really busy for breakfast, so come early. We had a coupon, so look out for those.
Sunday Breakfast here we come, and here we wait.... wait ... wait.... for what?  A overpriced average breakfast joint.  Yes big portions, but I do not like the breakfast potates AT ALL!  Its breakfast and to walk out paying $29 for 2 is a bit much i think for eggs and pancakes.. coffee, juice.  Ok so all you coupon folks, I get it... but I didnt have a coupon so my value for what I got was pretty big portions of breakfast food that made me wait almost to the turn of what I should have ordered lunch.  

Not a place to stand in line for!
Great breakfast place! Its a cozy little cafe, with great service, and a real at-home feel.  Yummy selection and inexpensive.
The food was excellent. We were greeted and seated by Kaitlyn... smart businesses employ great hostesses. Great job Kaitlyn. Our server was Dana, and equally spectacular. I had the avacodo omellete with turkey sausage and fruit... excellent. Great food, large portions.... of course the banana nut muffin is a must.
I've been coming here for years, and it's my go-to American breakfast spot in Vegas.  I doubt you can go wrong with anything on the menu here.  I tend to always go with one of their versions of the "Benny"... Usually the veggie one.  It's a bit off the normal Vegas radar being located in Summerlin; however, if you feel like trying something new and are out of town, go ahead and make the trek up.

Wait times can be lengthy, but well worth it.
To be a good breakfast place, you need 3 things: (1) good food; (2) GREAT coffee; and (3) good service.  Egg Works has these covered.  I live and die by the South of the Border Skillet.  It's off menu, so I am sharing this little nugget with you because I am a regular here and know the secret menu.  You can thank me later.  

From the minute you walk in the door here, it's like stepping into a breakfast joint in Gatlinburg, Tennessee (aka the #1 vacation spot for rednecks east of the Mississippi).  I think this is the look they are going for considering all the hokey decor.  I love it!  The hostesses, servers and bussers work together to make sure you get excellent service.  Each table has a little sign on it that you can use to alert your server if you need something, but you won't need to use it because the service is just that good.

The only downside is I could sit for an hour just sipping coffee, but this place is too busy to do that.  When I see the line out the door, I feel too guilty.  So get in as many cups of coffee as you can before turning over your table.  I like to take half my breakfast to go for the next day, but if that isn't your thing, be sure to order the half portion offered for most menu items.  These breakfasts are built for lumberjacks.
Always a solid breakfast choice. While there is usually a wait on weekends, turnover is pretty quick, and the wait is not long. It is busy, but they get people in and out!  The menu, printed on newspaper print, is about 10 pages long, with lots of omelette and egg concoctions.  They also have pancakes, waffles, french toast, and lunch/dinner options. It is set up like a diner with very simple decor. 

 I've tried a few of the omelettes, the pancakes, and the french toast and everything I've tried has been tasty- with large portions! I usually need a to-go box and can make another meal out of my leftovers.

The potatoes are yummy! Seasoned very well (a little overly salty for my taste), diced, crisp but not dry or crunchy, and lots of them.  The meal starts with a warm banana nut muffin, which is delicious! 

Today, I tried the Stuffed French Toast, which is like a french toast sandwich- stuffed with cheesy eggs scrambled with your choice of meat. I am sure I didn't eat it correctly, because I "unstuffed" the french toast so I could eat it separately. The egg/cheese/meat (I got sausage) was great, but the French Toast was just okay. It was a bit dry and thin.  I think I might have fared better had I ordered things separately.  My dining companions loved their meals- a Bandito Scramble and the Strawberry Cream Cheese French Toast. Everything came out piping hot (which I LOVE).  Coffee was great (they will provide a carafe of it so you can fix your own refills), and they had a variety of creamers on the table as well as sugar, equal, and splenda. 

Service was great! Our server was friendly, funny, personable, and quick.  They have a system where you can just flip an egg (a little plastic egg on a stand that's on your table) from black to yellow if you need anything additional.  They had everything you could think of on the table, though- from hot sauce to jelly to butter to ketchup. 

I left full and happy- so EggWorks met my egg-spectations!
My boyfriend and I just moved to the area a month ago and have been to this location twice.  Both times were during the week so we didnt have to wait at all, which was nice.  First time, I was very impressed with the variety of things on the menu, although it is a little pricey, I figured it would be worth it.  I was somewhat right.  Everything was delicious and the portions are HUGE.  I didnt like the seasoning on the homefries though, but it was alright.
Second time around, we get this server who has one of those, overly fake, I secretly hate my job but act like im so happy personalities (Im a waitress as well, So I notice these things)  I loooove waffles so I figured theirs would be great, unfortunatly it was nasty.  Tasted like plastic, and I enjoyed the whipped cream more.
The reason I am giving such a poor rating is because both times we went they brought out the wrong food.  Although both times it was corrected, It's just sad that it wasnt even busy and they just seem so unorganized.  For the price of the food, its really not worth it.  Dennys or Ihop would suffice.
Yummy food. Good service. Clean place.
A cozy family friendly breakfast spot. Reasonably prices and excellent food. Banana nut muffins are delicious. Staff is very friendly.
Great breakfast joint!  I eat here a couple times a month.  Their eggs benedict is yummy and my daughter loves loves loves their breakfast potatoes. Fast and friendly service and great food.  Their banana nut bread is YUMMY!  My husband loves it because he can get a beer for breakfast :)
Absolutly a great choice for breakfast
Alright, I must admit that I hate eggs. I know, I'm weird, and yes, I see all of your hateful stares! I have met 2 other people who hate eggs just as much as I do. I don't know what it is, I CAN eat eggs in fried rice,  and I LOVE egg rolls, but I just can't eat eggs by itself. Nonetheless, my husband loves Eggs Works, so you may find me here quite often. 

I appreciate that they have items on their menu that doesn't have eggs. Although, I would stick to the breakfast dishes because the one time I ordered a burger, it was very dry and tasted horrible. I usually order Grandma's Biscuits and Gravy. Sometimes they drown the two biscuits in their sausage gravy, but it tastes good and is not too salty or watery. The works potatoes are also very addicting, although I feel that sometimes they give you too much of that as well. It makes me wonder how much  they end up throwing away everyday? My husband loves the Island Favorite because of the Portuguese Sausage, and Egg Works is a much closer drive than going to downtown. 

Usually service is average and quick, but our visit today was just horrible. First of all, we waited about 20 minutes for a server to take our order. Second, they screwed up my order. I ordered my usual, and our server said "it comes with works potatoes, is that ok?" I replied yes. Then she asked "would you like to add any eggs or meat with that?" and I said no. Another server delivered our food, and when I saw my small plate with just one biscuit with gravy, I told her that it was missing the second biscuit and the potatoes. She informed our original server, and although she apologized, she just seemed very confused. Apparently she thought that I wanted the side order portion. Funny, the side order doesn't come with the works potatoes. Also, she should have known that because she asked me earlier if I was okay with them. Really? Then she told us that she wouldn't charge us for it, but she did anyway. Well, at least she only charged us for the price of the side order. We also had to wait 20 minutes for our bill. What a disaster! This was the first time we experienced something like this.

I'm sure I'll be back again whether I like it or not, lol. Hopefully we will get a better server next time!
I like to come here around 2 for a late brunch on weekends.. Any other time they are usually busy. But make sure to get here before their last seating at 3. Everything here is pretty good! I love their chicken tortilla soup & banana muffins. I usually either get a bacon avocado omelette which comes with their yummy potatoes or a spinach berry salad with grilled chicken. The portions are good and the service is nice! Nothing TOO special but definitely better than Ihop & Denny's~
Good food and good service ! Place was packed !!
was so yummy....
I'm not an egg fan but my husband could live on eggs.  We wanted to try something new and decided to give the Egg Works a try.  They were relatively busy for a Sunday morning but we were seated rather quickly and our server acknowledges us within 3 minutes.

I ordered a skillet breakfast, delish! their Works potatoes are cooked to perfection with a hint of garlic on them. My husband got an omelet with three kinds of meat in it. (yes, he got yelled at for such a poor choice). If you don't like cheese, don't order anything with cheese on it.  Both our dishes had tons of melted cheese piled on, which was awesome.  

Service was just ok. The server never asked how our meal was  after it was brought to the table and since the coffee was bitter i wanted water. Finally had to flag her down halfway through my food to get a glass of water.  I also waited and waited to get a box for my muffin.

I'm amazed at the lack of face time restaurant managers give. I saw a manager once during our 45 minutes to an hour there when a table's order was wrong outside of that, i never saw a manager again. 

I would return again but maybe not on a Sunday morning when they're so busy.  I'll give our server the benefit of the doubt and say that's why the service wasn't stellar.
As the dog jumps up on the bed, my brain screams out in agony. Opening my bleary eyes slams sunlight in from the window. I want to pull the pillow over my head to shield myself from the world, but the dog insists. As I roll over to try and fall to the floor gracefully, I realize that I'm still wearing my clothes from Saturday night. My shirt is drenched in sweat and twisted sideways and my right arm is asleep.

After shoving the dog out the door, my belly growls and my head pounds. I know there is but one hope to salvaging the day. After a full glass of water and a small handful of aspirin, I wander out to my car and find my way to Egg Works.

Parking is always a bit of a challenge on Sunday mornings, but fortunately not today. I park around the corner and stagger to the door. Just inside, I'm greeted by the glorious smell of breakfast goodness and a cheery hostess. She asks my name and surprises me with an estimated 5 minute wait. I take a seat on the bench by the window and try to look a bit less disheveled (unsuccessfully)

Moments later, the hostess calls my name and I groan a bit as I stand to follow her. My table is a two seater by the window, a little too bright for my sensitive eyes, but that's not their fault. The menu is a newspaper filled with lots of breakfast, and lunch options. I choose quickly from their list of Bennies (several variations on the classic Eggs Benedict) To help easy my pain, I also order coffee, which is left in the carafe on the table should I feel the need to chug four cups before my meal.

Now hang overs are just your body's way of slowing you down so it can catch up. The critical components are hydration, caffeination, and nutration (or nutrition if you like) Egg works can help with all of these. One special shout out to the potatoes, which should be illegal due to their addictive flavor.

One other note, y'all don't have to wait until your shakin off the effects of Jager bombs, or returning from Sunday services to come by - the service is fast enough that you can swing through here on your way to work, school, DMV, voting, airport, etc.

Oh, and if your wondering, I did survive that day, though it did make me pause for a few nights before I could look at anything served in a tiny glass or with a twist top. I've probably not learned my lesson, but then again, Egg Works is always ready to nurse me back to human.
I Love this place!!! outstanding customer service, good food, very upbeat, manager walks around and greets customers :)))
Popular place on a Sat morning! The wait was quick. The staff was friendly. The selection was great! They were willing to make substitutions for me. Food was quick. Our waiter was Awesome!
Just like its sister restaurant, Egg & I, the food is great if you want breakfast.  This one also has a bar, which is great when you're eating along.  The Banana Pumpkin pancakes and Carrot Cake french toast are worth the trip (only available in the fall).
My husband and I went here on a Friday morning for breakfast and it was packed. We thought this was a good sign, until we got our food. I had a waffle with bananas and scrambled eggs and bacon. I the waffle was like cardboard. I couldn't eat more than one bite. I ate most of my eggs, but I felt nauseous afterwards. I also ordered hot chocolate which was pretty good, but thats about it. My husband didn't like his food either - an omelet with sausage links.  The plate with the sausage was swimming in grease. He couldn't even look at it, never mind taste it. We won't be back b/c of the quality of the food.
The food and service here is great. Everything is fresh and delicious, but for breakfast food it is super expensive. Why should an omelette cost $14. Is this the Aria?
LOVE this place!   Went this morning with my daughter and we've been going now for about a year (maybe 6-8 total visits) and they all know us and great us nicely.  Nice and warm environment.  


Food is amazing!   Period.  

Decor - who cares. Never really noticed, but it's about the food, service and cleanliness to me.  

Wait time - this can get ugly at times, but hey, a great meal is worth waiting for.   

Highly recommended.
Breakfast with the grandparents? Go to Egg Works!
Hungover? Go to Egg Works!
Gotta take the kids out in public? Go to Egg Works!

Family-friendly casual style dining that post-Jager bomb college kids can also appreciate. Really enjoyed watching both demographics fill up the joint on a Monday morning before Christmas. Perhaps there were some vacationers in the mix, but for the most part, it seemed like a locals joint.

Probably the best thing about the menu is the wide variety of dishes, anything from healthy scrambles to cream cheese stuffed French toast. Which do you think I chose? Damn straight I had the French toast! Ho ho ho... gettin' that Santa belly ready! My parents leaned on the other side of the spectrum, taking their bran muffins to go for a snack. Since when is bran ever a snack, btw?

Waitresses are as sweet as the strawberry topping on my giant plate of goodness. Definitely the "sweetie" and "hun" crew. There's usually about 2-3 lovely ladies taking orders, cleaning plates and running food, so tip them for their hard work, folks. 

Solid breakfast food served with a smile and some syrup... What's not to like?
This place is really good!! The food is too much though for my stomach..which is a personal problem that has nothing to do with this place, but yes its good LOL
Worst service I've received in Vegas. The food was alright (had an eggs benedict, nothing special) but it was pretty cold and thus, soggy when it arrived. When I told my waitress , she gave me attitude about how she brought it right out. She never offered to replace it or at least heat it up and stopped coming by completely after I spoke up. She never brought out a refill for my drink, and then threw my bill at me at the end. When I asked someone else about paying, they told me to go up front. I told the hostess about my horrible service and they told me my server was a manager. Obviously couldn't complain, then, as I'd just get more attitude (if she'd bother to talk to me at all). If you're into soggy, cold eggs benedict, then be sure to avoid the surly curly haired "manager" with drawn on eyebrows. I sure won't be back.
came here after reading a reviw in the lvrj about their good chili burger.  i'm not a chili burger fan but i do like cincinnati chili coney dogs.  the menu says it's served on a "fresh, steamed" bun.  the kitchen must have missed that description because my bun was cold and hard.  the chili was ok but just missed the mark a little.  they do load to dog up with a heap of shredded cheese but the cold cheese cooled down the dog a little too much.  also, it's a mixture of several cheeses (i prefer only cheddar on my chili dogs).  i also ordered a side of fries.  they only offer seasoned fries (which i'm not a fan of).  i ate them but wished for just some plain ol french fries.  i sat at the counter so service was quick and efficient.
LOVED my experience here! The food, atmosphere and service was amazing! 

As soon as I walked in I felt so welcomed and cozy, like I was having breakfast at a friends or something. Mugs are already on the table. And the mugs aren't like your dainty little coffee cups that you have to keep asking refills for, they're cute mugs that have their logo on it.  

The menu offered so many options and it took us almost 10 minutes to figure out what to eat.  I eventually decided to get a skillet and my boyfriend got the breakfast burrito. Goodness. The portions are HUGE!! Definitely one of those, save half for lunch kind of places.  The skillet was sooo good. Melted cheese on potatoes, avocado, ham...my oh my.

If you check in here, you also get a free banana nut muffin which is definitely worth a try! I love banana nut muffins and the ones they make here are pretty top notch. 

I would definitely come here again, if I wanted to get away from the strip and have a relaxing breakfast.
Egg Works is our favorite! Great food, sweet staff, and a family-friendly atmosphere. The potatoes and banana nut muffins are especially delicious!
This is a great breakfast place.   The food is great, the atmosphere is wonderful.  Enjoy the coffee.   Really a great place.
Great food! Haole Loco Moco was just fantastic as was the Santa Cruz Breakfast burrito! Yummy!
The service was a little slow but they were busy. Cute theme. W were originally going to egg and I but they were temporarily closed so they sent us here with a couple coupons. Breakfast.was good and it was affordable. We would go back
Solid option for breakfast. The portions are ample. Prices are good. Nothing really sets this restaurant apart from other breakfast spots though. That's not necessarily a bad thing. Egg Works does what they do well, which not every restaurant can claim. It's consistently good or great, but not amazing or excellent. Nothing wrong with that.
Just not very good.

My chili omelette wasn't very good. 

The potatoes weren't very good.

The sausages seemed like they were under-cooked.

The biscuits and gravy were mediocre and the eggs my mom ate were too greasy, which made her sick.

I love breakfast and have been to quite a few places.

Unfortunately, Egg Works doesn't really come close to being a quality establishment.

I can easily think of 5 breakfast restaurants that serve better food.

Unfortunately, none of those restaurants are in Las Vegas.
So I literally just left this Flamingo location in a bad mood. As my boyfriend & I walk in, were warmly welcomed with the nice hostesses. She seats us at a table that still has tip money from the last customers & no table set up. 

I believe we had no particular server because the busser ends up taking our drink order after seeing us not being taken care of yet. Few moments later, a server asks us for our drinks orders again. Then after that, a separate server asks to take our food order. 

Many minutes later, no banana muffin or food has been delivered. I ask for vanilla creamer which I never received. They must not have food runners either because my boyfriend can see his food sitting in the window. 

In a rush, 45 minutes later, I ask for take out boxes when I finally get my waffles. They gave me runny eggs when I specifically said over-medium. 

After my boyfriend boxes up our food he finds a hair on his plate. It couldn't have been his because his head is shaved. 

Towards the end, I asked if we could have lids to take out syrup home for my waffles. I never received them.

When I asked if we get banana muffins with our meal, the server said "only if it comes with the order or if its your first time." Now how would they know if it was our first time or not if no one asked us in the beginning? As a server myself for a different restaurant, I know asking the customer if it is their first time is one of the first things you ask when you greet them. 

I gave Eggworks 2 stars this time and not 1 because I still do enjoy their food. They're always busy so they should be used to the fast paced environment. We were easy customers who knew what to order immediately, did not complain verbally, & STILL tipped them. As an Egg Works fan, I'm really disappointed and hope they can improve their service, cleanliness and communication.
we had a car and gf wanted to try a breakfast place because she needs her french toast.
probably a 15min drive from the strip
i ordered the waffle, light and crispy. was hoping it was a little bit more dense. came with 2 bacons
gf wanted the french toast but she decided to go with the banana bread french toast
she liked it alot but couldnt finish it because it was too dense. so of course i had to finish it
i ordered a side corn beef hash. pretty damn good. had a southern twist to it when they added some peppers to it. not the typical type of corn beef from a can. pretty damn good hash i have to say

left very satisfied. great portions, reasonable price

and a plus, had 80's lite rock playing on the radio. SWEET!
Not great but not terrible. Just run-of-the-mill quality food at typical prices. The food isn't bad tasting, but it surely isn't the highest quality. On the flip side, it isn't trying to be. Egg Works embraces its mediocrity and prices appropriately.

I will almost definitely eat here again because eating eggs is surely healthier than being lazy and eating donuts, for example, but the food is just okay, and the 3-star is labeled "A-OK" by Yelp! so that must be the one I have to pick.
Went for breakfast this morning and did not have to wait which was a good surprise. I had the HUEVOS RANCHEROS OLE- A flour tortilla layered with refried beans, melted cheese and two eggs any style. Topped with salsa and sour cream. Served with our famous ranch potatoes. 

The BF had the CHILI RANCHEROS OLE- A flour tortilla layered with refried beans, eggs, your choice of Works chili or Cincy chili, cheese, salsa and sour
cream, served with a side of Works potatoes.

Both were really good but I thought the serving size was small for the price. I love ordering Huevos Rancheros in restaurants. It is always different no matter where I go, but usually good.
A great place to have breakfast. A gem of a place to share with friends and family from out of town, where a "go to" breakfast joint is hard to find. They all have been thoroughly impressed and surprised that Vegas has more than gaming and the Strip to offer. The country fries are extremely tasty. The muffins are on par with Bouchon at the Venetian. The country gravy is just perfect as country gravy can get. 

Room for improvement would be: 1. Have the servers take the bill and payment for processing instead of leaving it to the patron to go all the way to the front of the entrance there there is usually a line of people trying to pay. For those of us who are busy, having a morning breakfast may be the only time we spend with the family until dinner. Therefore, it takes away from the quality family time at the table for one of us to  have to do what most servers at other restaurants already do. For those who are busy schedules and are trying to squeeze every minute we can with the family, it feels like if we were asked to go pick up our order from the kitchen when our number is called. It is annoying, especially when the food is as good as it is.
Let me just say how in love I am with this place. Not only is this place conveniently located up the street from me, they actually serve delicious food.  I came back here multiple times and tried out different things off of there menu.  

Upon arrival I was seated in no time which I am always a fan off.  After taking a seat, not only was my drink order taken but so was my order.  I always research what I want to eat before actually going to a restaurant.  I was also pleased with their website, offering an online menu.  It just makes things super fast for me.  Within the last few weeks of being here, I've tried their canadian bacon eggs benedict, prime rib eggs benedict, and the crepe omelete.  All of the above were delicious and saucy, the potatoes were to a crisp and they were spiced up perfectly.  

My orders came in a timely fashion and I always pay the right amount.  A well done deal for such a tasty place. If you're in the neighborhood check them out, because dammmnnn they are tasty!
Overall a very good breakfast place. It can get crazy busy sometimes, but I actually find the waitresses to be more on their game when it is that busy. If we go after the craziness, they are sometimes less attentive for some reason.

I always get the same thing, the Eggs Benedict, and it is pretty much perfect every time. I say pretty much, because I had to learn to ask for them to poach the eggs medium, otherwise you get a runny white, which is gross. Runny yellow, yes, running white, ewww. Potatoes are delicious!

Hubby always gets the three pigs skillet, which I think they recently renamed but he loves it and there is never anything left on the plate. 

Price wise, it is very reasonable for Vegas. We always get out of there for less that $30, (20% tip included) which I feel is a good value for that kind of breakfast. We have been many times over the years and bring out of towners here, so we would definitely recommend this place.
Good food, great atmosphere.  Enjoyed the visit and the good customer service.  They have an egg place card you can flip if you need anything, which is a great idea.  Coffee is a little weak.  4 stars great place for breakfast.  Plus I used their wifi to post this.
A wide, modernized-American style space, nice air, nice people, good vibe. Egg Works definitely has a good feel to it, which I think is absolutely critical for a breakfast place. The morning has to feel good, especially for the unfortunate noon-waking types. 

The staff is friendly, though not spectacular (which they have the potential of being), but they do work efficiently and cleanly. The food is nothing too special; a little too rich, even for American food, and there's the unnecessarily huge servings of thick, saucy food even if you're expected to have morning-dessert afterwards. You could easily split an entree with someone else, and be happier in the end for it for not feeling so mayo-greased. I did appreciate how fresh the vegetables were, and the solid arrangement of the layers in my eggs benedict (which is important), but then the excess food and servings is just such a huge turn-off, especially when the flavors are so monotone that it all eventually becomes one huge unnecessary mouthful. 

What I'd like to see is some more use of those excellent veggies and construction to create a bit more interest to the breakfast dishes. I'm not saying that they should be doing culinary acrobatics here, breakfast place and all, but they could stand to reduce sizes so that guests are not one-flavor-drowned, or to add a bit more interest to these huge dishes to warrant them being so size expansive.
Love the potatoes!
Sunday was my first time at Egg Works and let me tell you their food i amazing! There was a 5-10 minute wait which i don't mind waiting that typically means the place is well known for its food! 

I ordered the Fiesta Skillet and a cup of Orange juice, the food was great the service was fast and plenty of energy from the customers and the staff running the food. I will definitely be back to Egg Works this weekend!
It has been months since we were in Vegas and we stopped at Egg Works on our way to the airport and the wife is still raving about the Banana Nut French toast.  I believe if we lived in Vegas we would have gone there another dozen times.  The wait was about 15 minutes to get sat but well worth it, service was fast and friendly, the menu had a good variety of unique items, and the food was tasty.  As mentioned the wife loved her french toast, I got the Chicken Enchilada omelet and a bloody Mary, both were very good.
This place is awesome! I try to not go anywhere else for breakfast & sometimes lunch. The staff is nice and very attentive. The banana nut muffin is my favorite besides my main meal. During football season my friends and I go here every sunday morning.
Our favorite local breakfast stop! Great for kids too. Always fast service.
benny eggs... sauce was ok but it was missing the "umph"

potatos were yummy
Great breakfast spot for comfort food. This is not the place for anyone looking for low calorie cuisine. Pancakes and omelets are great. You should also ask for the muffin. It is banana goodness.
Their breakfast is eggcellent I enjoyed the Santa Cruz burrito with their special Santa Cruz sauce. I mean thinking all of the possibilities using eggs in every dish. There was something missing in the burrito and I think that there was no salsa or beans, the chorizo was there and it was good but they could of pack it with more flavor and add sour cream in it (on the side is good which I had). I only visit this place once and I would like to explore and try most of the egg dishes. Until next year...
Great place for breakfast.  Order you eggs or omelet any way you want ..... what more can you ask for.  I do wish that the omelets where a little fluffier and the coffee a bit smoother. Service is good .... remember it is a breakfast place.
This was my first visit for breakfast using a BOGO coupon from a local newspaper.  They were located on W Flamingo Rd/S Ft Apache Rd in Las Vegas.  They had a cute Egg Flip card if you need something at your table.

We were brought warm banana nut muffins on a small plate.  It tasted more like bran than banana.  There was butter on the table.

My friend ordered the California Crepe.  It had diced bacon, sliced mushrooms, diced tomatoes, guacomole and Swiss cheese with a side of Hollandaise sauce.  The crepe was not thin like a French crepe.  It looked heavy like an omlette.  She asked for unseasoned potatoes.

I ordered the Works Skillet.  It had a layer of potatoes covered with ham, bacon, sliced sausage links, mushrooms, onions, peppers and tomatoes, melted cheese and over easy eggs.

We paid at the counter and presented the coupon.
Hadn't been here in a year, so thought we would give it another chance.  I ordered the California Crepe and partner ordered the Bandito Breakfast ( I think it was called that.)  When I think of a crepe, I think of a very thin, pancake like batter rolled with filling.  When my "crepe" came it was like a pancake omelet.  It was huge, and very thick "breading"!  I thought the waitress brought the wrong item, but no.  It tasted "heavy" and was greasy and "doughy"!  I could only eat half.  The Bandito breakfast, (or whatever). Looked like dog food.  It did not look appetizing!  It was cooked too long and "crispy"!  It was not fully eaten either!
The only redeeming part of breakfast was the smattering of fresh fruit and banana muffin.  I ordered fruit instead of "The Works" potatoes, as I remembered the potatoes were dry and salty.  (They still looked that way!)

Service was just okay!  We did not have silverware, we had to ask.  Waitress only came to table to bring the check.  No refills.  She wasn't very friendly, either!  Sourpus,  There are too many other good breakfast venues in the area, so will be hard pressed to return soon!
I love coming here, their food is delicious and the portions are big. Oh and they have the BEST banana nut muffin!!!

Here is my first not so good experience or maybe it's just that I'm cheap, IDK....So I came here for breakfast 2 days ago and ordered a kids orange juice, at the end of our meal I ordered a refill, (which they do not have on OJ) like most places do and that's fine. Anyways, when I got the bill I got charged $6.50, I was like holy shit!! that's expensive but mainly because I ordered a kids beverage not a regular size glass, I mean for that prize I can buy my own damn gallon. I just think for a kids drink it shouldn't be that much, that's all I'm saying.
Food was amazing! The Banana bread French toast was not what I expected. It was better!! The hostess could have been a little more happy to be at work tough.
Best french toast ever!!! And best potatoe salad ever! Me and my boyfriend love coming here for breakfast. Were always happy when we leave. We've tried many entrees and have always enjoyed whatever we picked. Yummy hot chocolate! always on point. No complaints here! Service is great too. Delish! :)
Ah, breakfast--the most important meal of the day.

Egg Works is fantastic. This place is hustlin' and bustlin' full of energetic servers, large portions, and loyal customers! The food was hearty and delicious. Nothing at all went wrong! 

The only reason I took off a star is because, personally, I wish the atmosphere felt a little less rushed (lots of people = lots of noise). I think I would have enjoyed my dining experience if my surroundings weren't so busy. I mean, I would understand it's always packed because everything is delicious, but a normal noise level would have been nice.

If you don't mind that bit, this is a 5-star place to go for breakfast or brunch!
I LOVE breakfast!!    And Egg Works is one of the few places you can get an authentic Hawaiian breakfast (rice, eggs & hamburger patty, spam or portuguese (WOW A+) sausage).

The banana nut muffin has a BIG top on it...the BEST part!!  Moist & fluffy towards the middle and nice crispy around the edges.  it's really more of a bran muffin than banana nut.  I'd call it a banana-nut infused bran muffin....except that'd be too pretentious for this casual joint.   I usually eat the top & leave the muffin.

We've been several times and there is almost always a wait...deal with it.  The food's worth the wait.  They hustle people through tho so we've never waited as long as they've estimated.  And if you're a party of 2, the bar at the back is great... the service is best there and it's not quite as noisy/crowded as the dining room where people are on all sides of you and servers are bustling around non-stop.

The bloody mary is ok, a little weak IMO, but for $6 go for it.    And I think the portions are HUGE.  Bring an appetite.  

If they have the breakfast nachos on special, it sounds odd, but sister ordered them & said they were very yummy.   The stuffed french toast looks out of this world (& huge!), but I always order the Hawaiian...maybe one day.
Very good breakfast (Mexican omelet) and employees were welcoming and friendly. I will diffidently return on my next trip to Vegas
My daughter so funny... I was complaining I needed a refill and she goes here mom and changes the happy face on the table to a sad lol this place normally has good service, but when it gets busy it goes south... The banana nut muffins are to die for though!!!
We came on a Saturday afternoon.  It was packed but we were seated pretty quickly.  I should have gotten eggs.  I had the strawberry cream cheese french toast.  Strawberry cream cheese was weird.

Honestly, I will probably try a few other breakfast places before I come back here.

PS.  Lots of kids.
Awful service! Like are you fucking kidding me. Our service literally rushed us to leave our table right after our food was served. Not even 5mins pass by she forked us the our bill and asked us if we were  ready leaving already.  Like really. We haven't taken a couple of bites. Never again. Plus they over salted the eggs. They take fucking forever for refill in drinks.
3.5 stars. I got their Hawaiian breakfast. It was so good!! The portions are large too. My husband got something with pancakes, sausage and eggs. He liked it, but wasn't blown away. They gave us a banana nut muffin that was amazing. We both loved it. Place was crowded. Service was fast and friendly. We would come again.
I love this restaurant and location. The staff is nice and the food is delicious! I got the veggie Benny and the holendays sauce was sooooo good. (sorry I know I spelled that wrong lol) I reccomend this place to anyone who loves eggs!
My husband and I just got back from Vegas and I felt compelled to Yelp The Egg Works on Flamingo.  We stumbled upon it  as we were driving around my in-laws' neighborhood. Our server was Adriane and she's the reason I wanted to write a good review.  She was very warm and chatted us up a bit about our stay.  She's one of those servers that make you feel like you're home and you just know she's going to give you good service even though the place was very busy.  Adriane suggested the Loco Moco and my husband told her to pick anything off the menu for him.  He loved her choice.  I needed a few little sides and Adriane remembered and brought them out with a smile.  We never had to ask for anything, she was on her game.  Now, we will always choose a local breakfast place over a Vegas buffet and this location of Egg Works will be on our return visit.  Nice staff, good breakfasts, and great service.
OK so first off this is a very popular place when I ate here it was very busy. In fact it was so busy I felt like I was at some government service office. Screaming babies lots of people cluttering the aisles. When i first came in I went to use the restroom,there were a ton of un-bused tables not very attractive or sanitary. My waitress was  helpful but over the top fake customer service. Now to the food....why doesn't anyone know how to make a proper hollandaise sauce? Powder mix all the way,average bordering on not really good at all. And the potatoes they serve,omg.They had more salt then the dead sea...easy with the salt moses your killen me. I felt like i was getting hyper tension with each bite.Then I go to check out,lady behind the counter doing something counting receipts finally looks up at me and says how are you,im fine. she goes back to doing what she was doing...lol ..ok np ill just wait for you dear. Please give me five singles as my change ,she hands me a 5...here take this 5 and put it towards a new hearing aid.....this place might be ok to soak up a hangover but other then that mediocre at best...pass.
Service is awesome, and just when I thought I couldn't be happier the food arrived... our new breakfast joint.
Great breakfast place. I had the recommended corn beef hash with eggs and others had spinach egg bani. It was all around good. Service was on point as well as overall experience. If I lived here in Vegas I would visit this place again.
I love this place for breakfast. Staff is always friendly and food is great.
The staff is very friendly although they did tell me repeatedly that I wasn't going to get my change back if my total is less than the groupon we were using... lol thank you but I wasn't expecting any change. I'm posting this review because the whole wheat waffle was absolutely terrible and hopefully someone who was thinking about that option see this before hand :) think.. tasteless cardboard. . And turkey bacon wasn't all that grand either. Everything else tho!! Was great :)
We went here last week with a groupon and based on the line outside, I knew we found a great breakfast spot. Despite the line, we got seated quickly and were greeted by our server immediately.

There was so much yummy options to choose from on the menu that I was overwhelmed! I decided on a veggie omelet with artichoke cheese. Unfortunately, I forget the name but . It was fabulous!! And the potatoes were amazing. We came back two days later and I got the same thing. I will definitely branch out after seeing everyone's amazing pictures on yelp.

Great place and a good deal considering we had a groupon. Excited that they are opening another location closer to us!
I love how you can order then pick up to go! A little pricey ($20 for two meals) but overall pretty good!
Great place for breakfast! They have the best potatoes!! My husband absolutely loves their French toast sandwich. And it is delicious. Place is always busy but gets you in in a timely matter. They also give you large portions.
Forget IHOP this is the place to go. Great service and food. I love their potatoes! Very old fashion breakfast style!!
Stopped in here last week for breakfast and was disappointed. It is not the outstanding breakfast place that I was let to believe. The banana nut  muffin was not even close to those served by Mimi's.  Their omelet was not fluffy at all and fell short of those served by The Farm Aliante or the Cracked Egg
Our server Amy was awesome!! She recommended the egg works fruit platter with unlimited coffee which we don't drink so she changed it to tea. It was amazing =]
The best banana Nut bread Ive ever had!!! I live in LA and I'd drive here for the day just to get some bread and mimosas !! Along w more amazing good food ! Nicole is an Amazing server !!! So sweet and patient. With a smile !! Good service ! Love this place
The banana nut bread is the BEST!! Breakfast is scrumptious!!! Service is GREAT!! Nicole & Koko are WONDERFUL, very patient & friendly :)... Oh forgot to mention we come here from LA :-)
Sadly today this location FAILED. To be clear they comp'd the meal, yet this major mess up must be called out because it is inconsistent with the normal good job Egg Works has done every other time.

After waiting 45 minutes for food and seeing others seated after us being served, one of two meals showed up. It was wrong, having cheese on it. With a tight timeline the person ate it.

On the second me the waitress apologized that it was not started. To be clear the waitress, Rea, was awesome. She placed my special order correctly, yet the kitchen just FAILED to do their job. I said to cancel the meal because we had no time to wait.

The manager Koko was great as well apologizing numerous times. The food showed up while she was there and it was wrong. The kitchen could not read the freaking slip!!!! The manager stated the main chef was just arriving at 10:00 am on a Sunday morning abd would handle it.

It is obvious from the running around in the kitchen that this crew needs retraining or continous supervision. Better yet how about the main chef get in at a reasonable time for such a busy Sunday am crowd.

I will give them another try in the future, but they must fix this crew.
This place never fails me. They have the best banana nut muffin and food ever. The workers their are AWESOME, from the time you walk-in to the time you walk-out they are always smiling and making sure you are well taken cared of. Our server was Aloha and she was GREAT!!! Although we had a difficult order and lots of substitutions with each plate, she made sure each order was perfect and just right. Not one of us were disappointed. I highly recommend this place to anyone because they will not do you wrong. 

Food is the Bomb, Very Clean, Workers are Awesome, Definitely will return for more!!!
Can we talk about how shitty my experience was just now! I had to wait 10 minutes before I finally got out of my seat to go ask someone for a server to take my order. She comped my coffee... Big deal... My breakfast came with coffee anyway... Now I'm still sitting here after I've been done for 15 min waiting for a Togo box.... Thank you Amy for the shittiest breakfast experience of my life. NEVER COMING BACK!
The banana nut muffins are enough of a reason to come in.  Lots of selections to choose from for breakfast.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy but the gravy was SO salty that I had to send it back and get something else.  The eggs and everything else seemed fine, a little heavy handed on salt for the potatoes as well though.  The server was friendly and food came out quickly.  Will definitely go back to try some other items but will definitely ask for them to lessen the salt content on my food.  This place is always packed so they are definitely doing something right!
Closes at 3, be sure to get the banana nut muffin!! If you want to get away from the buffets and have a good breakfast this is the place to come. They have different skillets, omelets, pancakes, and waffles. Mmmmm my friend got the enchilada omelet I think...it had this delicious red sauce that he ordered an extra side of. Its amazing how much food they give you too. He ordered a half order and still had half of it left over. It comes with these cubed seasoned potatoes. They were good but I wasn't as much of a fan of them as he was.....although I did eat every morsel on my plate. I got the sour dough toast but wish I would have got the banana nut muffin. Mmmmm they are homemade and just melt in your mouth. They aren't too sweet and and have just the right moisture. Luckily I stole some of my friends so I got to sample them. I ordered an omelet with spinach and some other veggies I don't remember in it. The eggs for the omlette were fluffy and light and just melted in your mouth. This place is great and one thing I learned is next visit I'm gonna be a little less safe and order something different for an amazing experience. The skillets really looked amazing as I watched the waitress bring them out. Ohh service was impeccable, very responsive and attentive without that constant hounding feeling. Thanks Egg Works!
I used to LOVE their banana nut muffins. But it isn't quite the same anymore... everything is okay... but nothing special.Its about $10-$15 per person for breakfast. Coffee isn't great. Service isn't bad, but nothing to rave about.
I love this place!  It would have gotten 5 stars out of me, but they don't serve real hash browns. They serve patties.....frozen. That really bums me out. But everything else is really good. Had the pleasure of being served by Bambi.  Im sure I wasn't very original when I asked if that was her real name. But if she was annoyed, it didn't show. She gave me awesome service and was a pleasurable personality, especIf they get real hash browns, I'll change it to a 5 star. Ask for Bambi.
This was my first time at EggWorks!  Our server was Rea.... what a great girl!   Friendly polite and knows her stuff and coffee pot left on the table! My husband loves that!   The food is egg- ceptional!  Lol.. can't wait to come back!
I heard about this restaurant from a friend and thought I would give it a try the other morning. I walked in and was greeted immediately and walked to my table. A gentlemen stopped and asked if I would like some coffee. He brought me the coffee and poured me a cup and left. The coffee tasted bitter and cold and just plain awful. I looked around and waited....and waited...and waited...someone finally stopped and I asked if I could speak to a manager and she said she would send coco? right over. The young lady walked to what i presume was the manager. the lady was texting on her phone and never once looked away from it to even acknowledge the server speaking to her. When she walked away the manager still stood in the corner on her phone for what seemed like forever....i chose to get up and leave because i felt extremely dismissed and won't be back #feelingfrustrated
I went here for breakfast and I had the strawberry and cream cheese french toast. It was alright but nothing to run home and tell mama about lol. The two things I really did enjoy were the potatoes and the syrup they have me with my meal. Our waiter was awesome and I had a pretty good time here.
This is my new go-to breakfast spot when I am in Las Vegas with the girlfriend. We have been here three times and the food is consistently great and FILLING! The service has surprisingly been good every single time. Employees walking around with smiles on their faces. Employees saying "thank you for coming, have a nice day". 

I have gotten the same thing all three times. Why? Because it is simply too amazing to get anything else. I get the 'Original Breakfast Burrito' which is stuffed with 4 scrambled eggs, diced bacon, bell peppers, onions, cheddar and jack cheese and is served with a huge side of works potatoes and very delicious salsa. I can finish this whole plate in one sitting but if I do I feel disgustingly full and ready to explode afterwards. Finishing all the potatoes and half of the burrito leaves you very satisfied and then you can take the other half of the burrito home with you for a second meal.

My girlfriend gets the 'Stuffed French Toast' which is scrambled eggs and sausage or bacon with cheese stuffed on French toast and topped with powdered sugar and maple syrup. And served with a huge side of works potatoes.

Yummy yummy in my tummy and we will continue to go back here every time!
Great food!  Quick service, friendly staff.  You get money off if you like them on Facebook!
Still my fave place 4 years later... I still love my breakfast burrito but I alternate it with the scrumptious Chili Relleno omelette!!! If you ask for "light seasoning" on the potatoes, trust me, much better!!   The hubby still favors the Corned Beef Hash. It's ALWAYS busy but the service is always great and prompt! Occasionally the local paper has a coupon, "Buy one, get 50% off" the second entree.
Love the ciabatta breakfast sandwich! Also Sarah was very friendly and nice! The staff is always friendly and great atmosphere!
Food is good and the service is great, our server was Sarah amazing service looking forward to our next visit
Went to breakfast here with my fiance and we received fast service. Food was great and servred veryquickly. Our Servier Nicole was on top of serving us and making sure we were not needing or wanting anything else. 

Thank you!
5 star breakfast great service by Darlin.
Every once in a while my wife has been dragging me here and I have chiefly disliked the enormous quantity of food you get with a single entry. Today, when we were ordering omlettes the waitress asked us if we would like them with 2 or 4 eggs. We said 2 eggs and therefore got a reasonable size meal. (They also came with potatoes or fruit and a muffin or toast.) The smaller option wasn't on the menu--it was a couple of bucks cheaper--and, possibly, the waitress only offered it to us because she sized us up as seniors. However, getting a reasonably sized omlette makes this a much more attractive place for me. I found the veggie omlette quite good and with two eggs right sized. The selection of fresh fruits was also good.
I go here for breakfast often! I love the food and the service! Our server Nicole at the ft apache/flamingo location was awesome!! She was super nice and made sure we were have a great time!! Also Veronica at the rainbow/215 location was amazing as well. I felt bad cuz the rest if my party was running behind and we were holding up one of her tables but she assured me it was ok. They were both amazing!! Definitely my go to breakfast spot!!
Great breakfast place! Device was great. Don't forget to order the banana nut muffin instead of the toast.
I love this place. It's my favorite breakfast spot in all of Las Vegas. And I'm not even a breakfast person. The staff is really good with the flagger egg thing they have. The menu is absolutely adorable. The food is always fresh and served sizzling. What more can you ask for? I'm the two hundredth something review. If an establishment is getting that many reviews, it must be good.
THANK YOU again fellow Yelpers!
Hampton Inn powdered or whatever their eggs are just won't do.

Egg Works, well, works!  Super speedy seating, ordering and food service.

I placed a breakfast order with a few special requests, all of which were fulfilled perfectly.

Definitely going back tomorrow!
Great breakfast option in SW Vegas. Breakfast is standard but good. Burgers are above average. Service often leaves something to be desired unfortunately. 

They respond quickly to the sad egg on the table though if you have problems.
Best breakfast place for locals in LV! I recommend the Cincy chili omelette. Especially if you already know & love the glory that is Cincy chili. Their potatoes & fries are amazing. Do yourself a favor & try this place if you're looking for a new spot for breakfast/lunch. I'm in love!
I've been here multiple times. Possibly my FAVORITE breakfast place in the Southwest! Service is always great, food is always outstanding, and the prices are just right! The potatoes are always seasoned to perfection! I've never had a bad experience here and will continue to come back :)
First off, we ordered coffee and water.  And points are given for leaving a pot on the table for us. 

The service was very good. She was very friendly and courteous.  Lots of great menu choices from traditional breakfast to a few "Hawaiian" options. 

Personally,  I went here for a skillet...chose the country fried skillet and it was great! It comes with toast or the banana nut muffin,  hands down winner is the muffin. Served warm. 

Not terrible expensive for the amount of food.  2 skillets, extra toast, extra egg and 2 coffees about $35

I would definitely go back!
The best place to go after Sunday church. Or before church lol every item of the menu tastes delicious. I really wish the place was a lil bit bigger bcause it does get very crowded at times & the wait can be very long. I like the staff.
I love breakfast. I love eggs. This place has probably the lowest quality mass-production factory eggs Ive ever had.  I ordered the "portuguese sausage" plate & it definitely was not portuguese sausage. Very low quality, super greasy & tastes nothing like the real thing.  The couple stars are only because our waitress was very nice & timely, and their potatoes are seasoned & cooked pretty well.
I've eaten here at least 15 times. My only complaint ---not enough space!  Aside from that...they serve everything you need to get your day stated off right. Waffles are solid, not too dense, love the veggie Benedict and breakfast burrito is awesome. Oh and endless coffee, how can you complain???! I've never been disappointed. Must go.
Pretty good breakfast spot. I don't know why but their menus (newspaper style) annoy the crap out of me. It's like reading a newspaper that's been sitting in the rain. Gross. 

Standard breakfast flair. I had a salad but my friend had a parfait and it looked soo tasty. Presentation is a little awkward if you want to eat the granola with the yogurt (in a long skinny glass) so I'd recommend requests a different playing. 

All in all, it was a solid experience.
So much good food. We all took home half of our plates. Recommend the fries over the tater tots with anything. The banana muffin that comes with the meal was tasty and huge too!
My server Amy was the best!  Great service !  She needs a trip to Disneyland! !!!

The banana bread french toast is the Bomb!
Great value great service great prices - I'm a regular here and it's never been short of 5 stars. The staff HUSTLE here - hard working and customer service orientated.  Love this place.
First time here and our expectations were a little high from reading all the other reviews. Our expectations were met!  This place was a little crowded and the seating is slightly cramped but it's well worth it. Guess you'd call it cozy. Service was great!  Quick and friendly. Never waited for anything. Cabo breakfast burrito was amazing!  Haven't  had a breakfast this good in soooo long!
Delicious homestyle breakfast with The Works!!! Perfect "PICK ME UP/WAKE YOUR @$$ UP" FOOD!! Staff are attentive and customer advocates. Rec'd complimentary coffee while I waited for "to-go/take out" order. Very intuitive! TV's at the counter so u can catch up with the news/sports/gossip/BS, etc... :P A must try for *Eggceptional breakfast eggsperience!! Must have the Banana Nut Muffin!!!! Check for Groupon/Yelp deals!
Came in for Father's Day breakfast, service was great. Our server Karen was great, very quick and efficient. Food was great as well!
I love love love this place !!  Great service and tasty food.  A big plus to the delish banana muffins. I always look forward to getting.  We just moved here from Cali and this is by far r fav breakfast place !  Good things to get is the works omlette and the stuffed French toast my hubby likes
Great location and a local institution. I have been going to this egg works for probably 10 years or more. 

Yeah its not as spiffy and hip as Hash house a gogo.

But they serve large good portions at really great prices.

Their pancakes are wonderful, Waffles...especially when ordered with meat inside are heavenly. All of their egg dishes are great....the standard comes with 4 eggs ( get your lipitor ready...ha).

Never had a bad meal here and they can accommodate  large parties.

Be forewarned weekends are crazy busy here!
Everyone was so welcoming n so nice! Our server Bambi was fantabulous!!! Haven't had a server go above n beyond for everything in a long while n she was super accommodating n just such a wonderful server!!!! We have egg works closer to our house n have gone there numerous times but coming here just made it stand out. Wish this location was closer to our house but will definitely be coming back!!
EGG WORKS IS AMAZING! I haven't even had a bite of my food yet and the customer service is phenomenal! Michelle our waitress was so happy to be there and serve us and explain the menu to us! Love it! Even if the food tasted bad( which it didn't), I would have stayed and gave them 5 stars. Locals and tourist alike will love this Las Vegas Breakfast joint! It's a must eat for those just wanting to have good food and service. Thank you Egg Works!
The service here is wonderful and everyone is super nice; BUT the food is mediocre at best. I LOVE breakfast and this place just doesn't satisfy. They do have AMAZING banana but bread muffin and their potatoes are perfectly seasoned #yum but Pancakes & French Toast are nothing special. Bacon is thin and greasy (it's the thickness and quality that are lacking grease is to be expected); sausage always comes pink and undercooked. Syrup can make or break you and I think it may be the syrup that throws me. I'd recommend Original Pancake House over this place any day and they are right around the corner.
Wow!  Came here around lunch time for breakfast, yes I am not a morning person.  Amy served us and was both attentive and friendly.  I ordered tea but didn't like the plastic pots they are served in (depending on what you read, it can be toxic).  No problem, she brought me a metal pot instead with a smile and was very understanding.

On to the best part:  I ordered the Mexican Omelette and it might just be the best omelette I've ever had.  Chilies and jalapeños smothered with ranchero sauce and cheese, yum!  I had fruit with it, and was happy to see big slices of fresh pineapple, honeydew, cantaloupe, and watermelon.  None of that cubed fruit that's been sitting in plastic cups all morning.  

Will definitely be back whenever I'm in Las Vegas, this is my new favorite spot for breakfast.  The restaurant decor also made me smile, but I'm not going to give everything away here, just go see it for yourself!
The sundance special was amazing & good coffee. Solid breakfast place, Robert was a great server everything came out correct and fast.
I used to love this place, but they really cannot make pancakes.  So much batter that the short stack pancakes are each over an inch thick and you can barely find a blueberry. Stick to the eggs and French toast here.  Pancakes are not a good option.
Location on Rainbow/215 area. More than once I have been here, sure they're fast when getting seated but after they seat you they take your drink order and you wait 15mins to get it. Then you're waiting and additional 15mins just to place an order!!!! Maybe I'm just being irrational because I have a two year I need to feed and keep entertained.
Order a Piraat at the bar.  Worth four stars alone.  

The Belgian beer on tap selection is impressive.  The space is a bit small but well decorated and comfortable.   Lighting is above-average and the bar area by the front window provides entertaining people-watching.  Great date place.  

We ordered the mussels and frites (the house 'specialty').  The mussels were sizable and cooked well but the sauce (always the best part of mussels) was a bit too buttery and salty for my taste.  The bread was very crusty and tasty and the frites were decent (I've had better Belgian frites).  I still like Sardine's mussels better but these were decent.  

Overall well-run and a great addition to the neighborhood.  Again, just say Piraat at the bar - worth the trip alone.  But watch out, 10% alcohol with a smooth finish can be dangerous...
What first attracted me to Brasserie V was the ample selection of Belgian beer.  I was pleasantly surprised when I entered to find an adorable, well-lit, almost romantic establishment serving some pretty tasty food.   Our server was very helpful in aiding us through the list of beers -- as my dining companion wasn't really a fan of beer in general. (and we successfully found one that both of us enjoyed)  The bread is served with a seasonal herb butter -- it was green and oh so delicious.  I had the house special mussels and frites.  I was a little disappointed that I had to shell my own mussels, but the work was well worth it.  My dining companion had the steak and frites. She described the steak as tender and enjoyed every morsel of it.  
The restaurant is small, I am not sure if I would ever bring a group of people here.. however it would be a great place for a date or a double date.
Visiting the Brasserie V after about 2 weeks after its opening, and then about 2 months later, one word jumped into my head immediately.  Inconsistent.

The service and especially the food wavered in quality and delivery.  Starting with the first visit, I was taken as a surprise with the place still in its infancy, mellow, feeling as if word of its existence hadn't really gotten out yet.  Upon returning those several months later the place had become lit darker, much louder (due to the fact it was packed) and complete with a long wait as there are few tables.

Now I'm not one to complain about noise, nor about having to wait, but it is truly loud inside for a small restaurant, and if your host informs you its only a fifteen minute wait and it turns out to be more around double don't continually string them along telling them, "Just a few more minutes."  Recall what you told those waiting and address the fact you were mistaken, otherwise gauge more time than you think it will take.  Telling groups their wait time is low, only for it to be over double starts a sour note before menus are even in hand.  Unfortunately, the minimal wait space inside does little to help those table-less.

Okay, now before I begin spilling out one of those prototypical long tirades complaining about rude wait staff, undercooked orders, and long wait times perhaps the best way for me to reflect may this tried and true form.

The Good: Their more affordably charged sandwiches were the highlight item each time, I recommend the one with mustard.  I actually don't like mustard but this was very rich without being overbearing, very close to amazing.  A very nice Belgian beer selection, although a bit expensive, one of these won't kill you, and if the place isn't completely  jammed and the bald man at the bar is feeling nice he can help point you in the right direction if you're feeling overwhelmed.  

The Bad: The much hyped frites are simply thinly cut fries, slice and dice it how you will, because sliced and diced they are still fried potatoes and not a lot more.  The tri cups of dipping sauce that accompany seem to exist to enliven these knowingly dull snacks but they should be more flavorful or evolved.  Besides the above mentioned wait-times, the servers seemed very distant and non-communicative, while not rude, when in a loud restaurant the server should assert themselves over the noise letting you know you're of value and you're noticed.  Sometimes when feeling swallowed up the lack of server presence is much more estranging than typically felt.

The Ugly:  Upon both visits, the lamb was ordered and requested beforehand to be cooked more than rare.  Both times returning marginally more than rare, causing two send backs the second time.  Above all, get the meat cooking instructions correct.  For whatever reason of confusion, this looks extremely unprofessional. 

I'm going to give the Brasserie a pass here, in memory of the better food and experience I had the first time and hope that as time goes by they can tighten up some of these hitches.  You can see the potential for it to really sail and just soar but for the ambiance and the dollar its dangling between disaster and dazzle.
Visiting Madison, my friend took me there because of its reputation for a outstanding selection of Belgian tap beers. The beer menu offers a lot to try out and explore. The friendly staff allows you to sample them if you are not sure what to order or want to compare. 
The interiour design comes close to an authentic brasserie atmosphere. Open kitchen in the back makes it lively. 

I've not experienced any rude service as in the review above. Unfortunately we didn't get to check out the menu or try the food, since the wine and beer list was already consuming our full attention.   

Within Europe, Belgium has propably the highest density of top restaurants and certainly the biggest variety of beers. Madison can be very proud to this little Belgian embassy!!!

Brasserie V definitely deserves 5 stars for  taking the risk and creating this great contribution to Monroe street!
The food at Brasserie V is generally good, but service is hit-or-miss, which means your meal may be lukewarm by the time it reaches your table. Being with a group of four or more exacerbates the problem. That said, I thoroughly enjoyed the BBQ Pulled Pork ($9) and the Grilled Chicken & Blue ($8.50) sandwiches I had for lunch on two separate occasions. If you're there for Sunday Brunch, try the 4-Layer Crepe with Nutella ($9) or the Smoked Salmon Benedict ($10) with a cup of perfectly brewed Alterra coffee.  Note that portions tend to be on the light side.
This is one of my favorite Madison restaurants.  The best part are all the delicious Belgian beers on tap.  You can try all sorts of different flavors and be amazed by them all.  In addition the food is very delicious.  The menu is small but they do everything on it well.  I had a special which was a sliced sirloin on top a parmesan potato puree, which was amazing.  I have also had lunch there which is cheaper and still very good.  The place is small so it is sometimes hard to get a seat, but it also makes it quite cozy.  The only problem is the service can be a bit slow.  You just have to flag waiters down to get things.  Overall a great restaurant.
Been there like three or four times, each time it's great.  I think I had the mussels with chorizo once and was like "so what" but every other time it's been a really good meal.  I really like their bolognese with the pepper farfalle.... it's really about as good as that could be.  The frites: above average, not perfect... but honestly that isn't a magnet to me anyway.  The beers: excellent.  They're heavy on the Belgian selection as they should be, but there's always a couple I haven't had before... come Grand Cru or this or that.  Sometimes it's pretty busy... I'd recommend eating early, there isn't a lot of tables there.  I dunno how people go 2 stars on this, seriously... I mean I think 3 is starting to get bad.... 2, really?  Maybe if you don't like beer... but that's like going to a pizza place knowing you hate pizza.  How many times you been there... try it again, goddamn.
There was just nothing not to love about Brasserie V.  

We had a table of 6, with only 5 people arriving on time.  Our missing friend ended up being about 45-60 minutes late, and we did not order food until the latter half of that time frame.  Sure, we ordered beers, but we felt bad about absorbing a lot of table space on a busy Saturday night.  The waitstaff didn't even give us the stink eye.  They were pleasant (downright friendly, even) and professional.  

Allow me to rhapsodize about their beer selection.  I was overwhelmed and elated by it.  I'm pretty sure that I have never seen such an extensive beer list.  They have something like 10-15 Belgian beers on tap (and, like, 50+ in bottles), complete with the appropriate fancy glasses to serve them in.  I am kind of a whore for drinks being served in the correct glass (which was my one beef with Tex Tubb's margaritas--a rocks glass?!  Come on!).  I would highly recommend the "Saxo" and "Poperings Hommel Ale."  That Poperings....man, oh man.  It was the most perfect beer I've ever tasted.  All of the beers that my dining companions had (both dark and light) were also phenomenal.  I'd also like to point out that, if you request it, you can get as many samples of the beers on tap as you'd like.  Seriously.

I tried Moule et Frites and in no way was I disappointed.  They bring you a medium-sized mixing bowl full of mussels, drowning in a garlic-butter sauce.  Cue drooling here.  They then plop down a huge metal cone full (FULL) of perfectly cut, spiced, and cooked frites.  Oh, sweet jesus.  While I was face down in my bowl of mussels, I heard things like, "This steak is $@*&$!% fantastic," and "Ohhhh, the beer braised kale."  Nobody was less than 100% enamored with their food.

On top of everything else, the place is charmingly decorated.  It's cozy and warm and beautiful.  I love it and need to go back right away.
What did Monroe Street ever do without Brasserie V?  I'm astonished at how unbelievably busy this place was straight out of the cage.  The beer selection is its signature and quite good.  The food is typical bistro and also quite good.  But seriously kids, buy yourself a few more restaurants in Dudgeon-Monroe.  The west-siders are desperate to EAT OUT.

Note: I'm adding an extra star here because I hear the chef bailed and opened his own restaurant down the street.  Poor form, dude.
A- OK. 

The most pleasant part of this restaurant was the hostess's greeting at the door. She was very friendly and welcoming. Something I always expect from any restaurant, but it's one of those things that's hard to perfect. 

Let's discuss about the food. The special of the day "Scallop salads" was ok. I would not give more than 3/5 for this dish. Although the overall taste was good, the salad was over dressed, and the scallop had little too much salt on the surface. Entree? I ordered braised beef short ribs with balsamic glaze. It sounded tasty, but again, little excessive on salt, and it tastes nothing special. Worse than that, I don't think it matches the price and all the raves they've been getting.

The dessert menu needs to be re-worked. Maybe they can incorporate fresh seasonal fruits or something. As of now, it looks terrible.

Waitress's service was on the slow side, but nonetheless, very pleasant. She could recommend me a decent glass of wine to go with my dish. And oh yeah, the atmosphere was pretty nice. I loved the decor, and while it's not pretentious, it somehow induces the right amount of intimate feeling. So, if their cooking skills and the menu improves, this place could easily be a repeater.
The atmosphere was a classy, subtle elegance and dark wood decor.   The Belgium beer selection was top notch and stems to match. We didn't eat there, but I will definitely return for a meal. The french fries looked like they'd fulfill my addiction. 

Cheers!
Love the updated menu. I've had 3 of the sandwiches over the past 3 weeks. Every one of them was good. Most recently there with colleagues from out of town. Great service and food. All my friends thought the whole package was great.
I'm a huge fan of Belgium beers--based solely on their beer selection, Brasserie V would be 5 stars. However, their food is pretty inconsistent and, at times, very mediocre. They have a different lunch and dinner menu--the lunch being my favorite of the two with some pretty fantastic sandwiches (the apple and provolone is my favorite). The one consistent thing on the dinner menu is the mussels and frites. They're hands-down the best in Madison. Paired with a Belgium beer or two, and you've got an amazing night out. The vibe in the restaurant is great--busy and lots of energy. However, the wait & bar staff is pretty hit-or-miss. Overall, really great--but not perfect.
A great selection of beer and delicious food. Only down side is that it doesn't fit many people.
This was a toughie. I want to give the food a three and the atmosphere a five...four it is. The Brasserie V is a very charming little restaurant with a great long bar. They have a huge list of Belgian beers and a carefully selected wine list. Two members of our party opted for sandwiches (both great and incredibly well priced), we had an order of frites for the table (plenty for four!), and my mom and I split a few appetizers as our dinner. 

Now, I must say, I was truly disappointed with the cheese plate. If this is your thing, resist the temptation! The cheese plate IS my thing, but I didn't know any better. First, our selections could not be well explained to us, what we chose was not all that great (except for the Hooks 10-yr cheddar), and the accompaniments of bread, crackers, sugared walnuts, and olives was simply confusing. Maybe it's just me, but I like my cheese plates with honey, almonds, quince.... 

Aside from the cheese, I loved the prosciutto wrapped asparagus with poached egg (yummy and charred), and the scallops with pesto were silky, if not a bit too salty. Both were small servings (a given for appetizers) but we probably would have left a bit hungry if we didn't finish our companions sandwiches for them. 

Overall, I would be back to try to make some better food choices...it's just so darned cute!
I had been hearing good things about this place, most importantly: the frites.  I've known some good frite:  I used to work 5 blocks away from pomme frites in NYC and have basically tried all their toppings.  

I love the fact that it's a stone's throw from the trader joe's and the neighborhood is precious.  The pedestrian walks have flags you can pick up and drop that you can use to cross the streets; parades can happen ANYWHERE.  

So, we went after 1ish and it wasn't too packed but noticed there were only two servers.  We weren't in a rush so I thought it would be fine. We ordered and since the husband, whose first love in potato, wouldn't share, we each got an order of frites.  Husband ordered the cheeseburger, our friend Kate got the reuben and I got the avocado BLT.  

And then we waited, and waited.  I had to order coffee or else I was going to pass out.  I had just finished a hip hop class so I was starving.  Their beer selection was impressive, with husband pointing out that they serve Wychwood beer, from his hometown in the UK.

When we finally got our orders, I noticed the portion of frites were huge and regretted not sharing them with Kate.  I also noticed that a) husband said no tomato and look! tomato and b) the avocado was missing from my AVOCADO BLT.  It took some time to flag the waitress and then she apologizes and brings a plate of sliced avocado for me.  I was like, 'um, great, i get to assemble my own sandwich'.  I drowned out my grumpiness in frites doused in mayo, because fat makes everything okay.

We felt guilty because we over heard the waitress tell a table that they had run out of frites.  We had ordered the last ones.  But then I thought, hello? it's your signature dish--how can you run out?

Anyway...I would try it again and see how the dinner menu goes and taste their booze.  The food was pretty tasty, the service, not so much.
***Okay...FIRST off, let me just say that this rating is based on the food and atmosphere alone, because I am NOT a beer girl. If I was, I'd probably dig it, because they have a very...VERY extensive selection.

We decided to have dinner here after I had a long hard day at work. I almost wish I had chosen another place just because it was soooo loud due to the lack of walls or sound buffers of any kind. This place is small, but they still pack in the people, and it was just a bit too much.

When we arrived, the hostess told us that they were having plumbing problems, and it would be about a half hour until we could order food. We decided to stick to the game plan and sat at a table. The waitress came to get our drink order and said "Well, it could be a half hour, or an hour...who knows. Hopefully they're fixing it." Now, when you're hungry, there is a big difference between a half hour and a hour or "who knows". She did say that they could make frites, however. We decided to order those as a starter, but before we could even do so, she said that everything was fixed and the kitchen was open. YAY.

We still went for the frites to split, because we know they're known for them. I'm not sure what I was expecting on the menu...but nothing looked amazing to me(except the Moules et Frites) so I decided to go low-cost and  went with the Avocado BLT, subbing the chipotle-lime aioli for the regular mayo that it usually has. The sides were succotash, chilled red pepper soup, or potato leek soup. I love leeks, so I chose the latter.

The sandwich was okay, but nothing amazing--but a BLT is pretty much just that, unless it totally sucks.. Same for the soup. It was almost too thick. The frites were decent, and I liked the beet aioli that came on the side. Again, it was just so-so in a town with so many dining establishments that so-so doesn't do much for me.

I don't know if I'd ever go out of my way to dine here, but it was decent.
I like this place...  

As everyone pretty much knows Brasserie V fills up quick!  Its very small and the atmosphere is very cozy (unless you get sat at the table by the door in winter).  Come early to experience the beer and wine selection well waiting for your table! 

Every time I go here I get the Frites.  Ahhh yum I can taste the dipping sauces right now. Don't let them skip out on serving you bread because you ordered an appetizer.  The butter for the bread (or in my case frites) is too good to miss. 

I love their duck entrees and I usually get that every time I go.  Its nice that they switch up the menu but I really enjoyed the duck leg served over greens vs the new casserole duck entree.  Its still very good though! Just don't burn your tongue! 

Service overall was good.  The hostess was super friendly and helpful.  We actually sat at the bar to eat instead of waiting for a table. Best thing is since you are at the bar your bartender/server is always right there on top of everything.  Eating at the bar, I think you get faster friendlier, service. Plus you can figure out what your favorite new Belgian beer is. 

* * If you like the beer selection here I would recommend trying out the Malt House on E. Wash.  But don't go the the Malt House hungry...  they don't serve food.
Brasserie V has an EXCELLENT selection of beers, some of which you can't find in even the largest liquor stores in Madison. Their frites are simply amazing and their meals have also never disappointed me. However, eating here will be anything but cheap and some of the portions have been very small. It has also been very crowded and it can be tough to get service at times. I would suggest Brasserie V for a quick drink and order of frites with friends, that is when this place truly shines.
Similar atmosphere to Jac's down the street, but the food is much better. Also, excellent selection of fancy beers. Very small restaurant! Love the atmosphere!
Bravo! Done right from top to bottom...great beer, frites, organic and local meats! Friendly and competent service and cool upscale atmosphere. A bit noisy but one of my favorite places in Madison.
Wow!  I had the best meal here.  It was pretty crowded even on a Thursday night so we started off at the bar with some drinks while we waited for a table.  They have a great beer list and my wife really hit a home run with a Sam Smith Organic Strawberry beer.  My wife had the "V Burger" and claimed it to be the best burger she's ever eaten.  I had the cod and it was a perfectly balanced entree with a superb piece of fish.  We also had a cheese plate and the pork cheeks for appetizers and they were great.  Can't wait to go back!
They serve a lunch menu on Sunday nights.
Had a great lunch here today. 5 stars for Ahi Tuna sandwich with a side of curry salad.  May have to go back tomorrow.
Wow. What a great place, guys. It's just so easy to get drunk off the atmosphere and enjoy how great the food is, I think it might be fair to say their "V Burger" is the best burger you'll ever have. Better than my dad's for sure!
Best gastropub in Madison, by far.

Brasserie V is one of those places that (to my taste) just gets everything right.  Great craft beer selection, but with a focus on Belgians. Excellent, locally sourced food, with the menu updated seasonally.  

Their double fried frites are the best in town.

The menu does change seasonally, but there are some popular staple items that are left untouched, mainly steak frites and the moules frites, along with a selection of sandwiches. Almost all of which I've tried by this point, and I've yet to have a bad meal here. As other reviewers have mentioned, this place set a new bar for what I think a burger can be. The V Burger is definitely the best  burger I've had in my life thus far. Hopefully something I will continue to experience in the afterlife, as it tastes like heaven.  (hint: it's likely the combo of the burger juices that mix in with the aioli that take this burger to the next level) . Their cheese boards are a great cross-section of primarily Wisconsin produced cheeses.

I would argue that Chef Rob is one of the best chefs in Madison, as to an amateur observer, what comes out of the kitchen is always very consistent, and nearly always perfectly prepared - even if Chef Rob himself is not in the kitchen. To me that means that all of the kitchen staff actually care and want to succeed in making good food. That makes a lot of difference!

The service is generally very friendly and attentive. And although I've had some slow service when they are quite busy, I can understand that. Slow service certainly isn't the norm though, so no points lost from me.  

Expect to wait for a table during peak hours, sometimes up to an hour or more, as the place is absolutely tiny. I have no problem waiting for anything from here though, it's made up for in the quality and deliciousness of the beer and food on offer.  My tip? Sit at the bar if it's busy. Or, if you have a long wait, put your name on the list and go grab a beer or glass of wine at Barrique's Wine Cave while you wait.

It's also not uncommon to see Matt the owner tending bar during dinner hours and socializing. He's a very nice guy and passionate about beer. A great fountain of knowledge.

They also occasionally offer up beer tastings and educational sessions where you can learn about beer. I've attended a couple of these and had a fantastic time learning about the origins of some of their european and belgian beers. 

The lunch menu is a bit more limited, and provides mostly their salads and sandwiches, but there is typically a good special on offer.

One reviewer mentioned they only have the lunch menu Sunday nights. This recently changed, and they now have the full menu available on Sunday evenings.


So, my crib notes:
- Expect to wait to be seated, especially during peak hours. (solution: eat at the bar, or just drink excellent beer while you wait)
- Expect your food and libations to be most excellent, no matter what you order.
- Expect good to excellent service.
Excellent Wisconsin Belgian beer & fare delight. Atmosphere was cozy, classic/elegant with a twist of sophistication. The pommes frites were some of the best I've had as well as aioli. My friend got the an amazing salad that he couldn't finish (really- it was deceptively large!) and I tried the gnocchi (larger than usual) with mushrooms and cream sauce that was delicious. I wish we were more in the mood for beer tasting since the listing was impressive...
Madison needs more gastropubs, it's true. Brasserie V is here to answer the prayers of the people. Great beer list, amazing and decently priced wines. Best mussels and frittes I have had in ages! Excellent service. And was the perfect setting for a romantic date! I will be back!

I'm getting hungry just thinking about that dinner, it was exceptional.
I love this place. It is an excellent, sort of upscale place to go. You do have to wait a while if you go there on a busy night but it is def. well worth the wait. I will def be returning here. The beer is great and the food prices are also very reasonable.
One of our absolute favorite restaurants in Madison. Can definitely be crowded and the wait can be long but the food is great! Very inventive and the extensive beer list impressive. Also good selection of wines.
i find the fact that brasserie v's website opens with a definition of the word brasserie (an unpretentious restaurant) HILARIOUS. because if I could use one word to describe this place it would be pretentious.

i met some friends here for drinks last weekend. we only stayed for one drink because the prices were outrageous. this might not bother the monroe street richies, but i know that there are several other bars in this town that serve the same beers without hiking up the price.

to be fair, I didn't try the food... so i *might* come back if my pockets are feeling particularly deep. however, if you're on a budget, know that there are several other places in town that have a similar (if not altogether better and more reasonably-priced) beer selection.
I seem to have a thing for picking small, packed restaurants to try on Friday nights...

We waited for over an hour, as we were told we would. Since we were at the bar, it was completely fine. As everyone else has said, the beer list was almost overwhelmingly long. I can't make decisions, ever, so I went with (overpriced) Riesling. It was delish. An odd thing though: I guess they reserve seats at the bar, because once a couple got up and we slid in to grab their seats, the bartender informed us that they were taken and reserved. Hmm.

At the table, we got the V Burger I, V Burger II, and 2 orders of moules frites, plus the pommes frites as appetizers. The garlicky aioli was amazing... the pesto aioli was slightly odd with the fries but still good. My friends ate their burgers in .02 minutes -- evidently they were tasty. The mussels were also very good, although slightly bland. I got ginger-pear fritters with creme anglaise for dessert, which was very very fried and heavy. Not my favorite. We also got the chocolate pie, and this won our hearts. Thick, dark chocolate creaminess on top of a cookie crust. What could be better?

3 starts because although the wait was long, the staff was friendly and helpful, the food was quick once we sat down, and the bar kept us busy through the whole wait. But... the dessert was such a disappointment.  I would try it again, maybe with just one other person.
PROS:

- great beer selection, decent wine selection
- best fries, hands down
- cozy atmosphere
- enormous serving size of mussels

CONS:

- not being greeted at the door upon entering
- the 90 minute standing wait
- the very expensive wines and beers
- the grit in the prince edward island mussels (such a no no)

Overall...  great place to hit on a Friday night for drinks and fries at the bar.
We stopped in for late afternoon drinks, a plate of frites, and split the burger.  I was impressed from the moment we entered.  There was a chalkboard near the door which listed the names of the servers and bartenders for that shift.  That was a nice touch and I wondered why more places don't do something similar.  The bartender was friendly and attentive.  The beer was spot on and food was great.  Will definitely be back.
I have been going to Bras V once or twice a month for years now and while the wait time is occasionally an annoyance and I have had one or two disappointing meals the beer and frites simply are unmatched in Madison.  

In particular the Belgian taps are the stars of the show, in my opinion if you are not ordering off the first page of the drinks list you are doing it wrong though their wine selection is supposed to be good I can not speak to that.  The price is steep, though as I tell my cheaper friends when you are drinking a super tasty 11% beer you do not need more than one or two.

The food has varied over time with some seasonal hits and misses.  The frites are the best in Madison, best I have had anywhere really and pretty much every french fry I eat is a mild disappointment comparatively.  For lunch the BLT is excellent and the turkey sandwich is sometimes quite good but is more variable.  For dinner the mussels are my current favorite though they seem much less intense than they used to, the broth used to be buttery and rich to the point of almost being too much, the last few times it has been much lighter.  I have also enjoyed the steak, it's not a fancy cut for the price but the sauce and side with it are quite good.  The burgers are quite tasty and refined though not quite as good as the Bad Breath burger at The Weary Traveller.

One thing I have not tried is the cheese/sausage plates.  From what I have seen they are not impressive for the cost and being a native around here I can have the same cheeses at home with money left over to buy an Abt12 next time I am at the Brasserie.
The bf brought us here for Vday.  Had scallops,bf had steak both were high quality and extremely tasty.  I loved the ambience,service,and wine.  Must go!!!
Most unique beer selection in Madison. Very friendly & knowledgeable staff behind the bar. Go on Tuesdays for 3 of the most incredible sliders you've ever tasted. And don't skip the French fries.
Friday afternoon lunch time and the place was full.  We waited for a spot at the bar and soon discovered that we were one of the few in the place that were not regulars.  It was like Cheers, they knew what people wanted before they even sat down.  Soon we were made to feel like family.  We ordered frites, dh had the V burger and I had the Avocado BLT (we both had a few beers as well...peche lambic and dh has a few different ones).  When the food came the bartender remembered that DH ordered his burger medium (when the burger comes from a farm like Fountain Prairie Farms you can do that!) and saw that it was more med well and offered to take it back.  When he said he would eat it, the bartender went right to the window to tell them to make sure they watched the product.  

What could be better...Belgian taps, amazing dry aged burger, Nueske bacon and organic greens.  Thank you Brasserie V!!!
I love BV. I went there for lunch with my dad last week. Such a nice place to stop and have a bite or a drink or why not both! Great service and such yummy food. Frites to die for!
Appalling service, I took 4 guests who parked separately. The hostess sat 2 at a 5 top while I waited for my guests (under five minutes) and then made us wait for 45 minutes for the next table because "we were not all there". When I complained, they made no apology and no effort to even buy us a drink, just ignored us. Not worth it.
Went to Brasserie V last night for dinner. 

The good:
-Service was nice.  Very friendly waitress who was adequately attentive.
-Ambiance was nice.
-Great beer list with some really nice imports on tap.
-The fries were great.  
-The duck confit was really nice.  Perfectly cooked with a crispy skin and the garlic polenta was amazing.  

The not so good:
-The House-Made Cavatelli was really a disappointment.  It looked and tasted like Hamburger Helper.  The pasta was fresh but overcooked and the sauce really didn't taste very good.
-The chorizo on the duck didn't make sense and was WAY too overpowering.
-The wine list when compared to the beer list is a bit lacking.  They could do something like wine on tap (using an argon system) to set themselves apart from other restaurants.


Overall I will go back and recommend it, but they really need to rework the Cavatelli. 

Yelp's price range of $$ is a bit misleading.  Dinner for two: 1 appetizer, 2 drinks, 2 entree's and no dessert came to $73 (includes 15% tip).
I was introduced to Brasserie V by my sister who is quite the fan. She has been raving about their frites and tap beer. Usually, when someone talks so highly about a place it builds the expectation and I'm usually left disappointed. Luckily, this place met all expectations and more!

We came during a late lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. It was busy, but not packed and we were able to find a seat immediately. It's located on Monroe street, so parking may be difficult during peak hours. It's a long and narrow building with an old pub feel. The bar takes up quite a bit of space, as it should. The beers are deserving of a nice bar. 

The service was pleasant and attentive. Food was excellent. I had a Caprese and my sister had a croque monsieur. We shared the frites. Definitely a must order. They came with their house aioili as well as a Greek style aioili. According to my sis, they change up one and in the past have had flavors such as lavender. 

The beer menu can be overwhelming, but unless you're there for something specific I would stick with the taps. Saison Dupont is an excellent choice if you like a Farmhouse Ale. But, you could always ask the waiters, they are pretty good with recommendations. 

All, in all, a great (and interesting) place to eat and try new beers.
Went to Brasserie V for lunch the other day, and while we had to wait awhile to be seated (they are a small place), the wait was well worth it.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna sandwich, and it was amazing.  The tuna was perfectly seared, the bread fresh and crispy, and the aioli was the perfect complement to the sandwich.  It was served with fresh mixed greens that were in perfect condition, and with a lovely dressing.  All this for only $10!  My colleagues were equally pleased with their choices.  I will come back again and again!
Yes, please!  

I stopped at Brasserie V as a Yelp recommendation while I was in Madison on business. 

I loved that the bar tender was so knowledgable about the menu and he even let me sample some of their really expensive fancy brew from Denmark!  

The food was great - I had the quiche and salad with a lemon shortcake dessert!  

I would say this would be a good place for a date, but if you have the money - I found that this is also a great stop for lunch (they do have a soup/salad/sandwich option for $8).
Went here with a friend.  The atmosphere is friendly.  It is small and crowded but we ended up sitting at the bar.  I ordered the Croque Monsieur and let me tell you...IT WAS REALLY TASTY!   The fries were really good as they were seasoned just right.  Our bar tender was really nice and attentive.  I willl return when I come back to Madison!!!
The food is poorly prepared.  The beer is good, the kitchen needs a makeover.  I've dined here twice in the past week, and have had extremely underwhelming fare each visit.  A sandwich:  dry bread drenched in mayonnaise with possibly the world's most overcooked bacon.  The soup:  thin, entirely without body or flavor, with a hint of cinnamon.  The duck:  every last bit of character was cooked out of this unfortunate creature----quite possibly the most overcooked piece of meat ever served at a dining table.
I really love this place. I work with a lot of people who travel to Madison and whenever they're looking for a good place for dinner I start by asking a simple question - "Do you like beer?" If they say yes, I immediately tell them that they should check out Brasserie V. It's got the best beer selection in Madison and probably the best beer selection of any restaurant I've been to. I also really dig the atmosphere. It's a small, typically crowded restaurant/bar that feels casual and comfortable with good food and great drinks. What's not to like???
My husband and I had an excellent experience tonight on what will be the first of many visits to Brasserie V. We arrived for dinner shortly after 6pm to a bustling, but not crowded, restaurant (a good sign to us). They don't take reservations, and the hostess told us it would be about 45 minutes for a table, so we put ourselves on a list to be seated at the first available spot--table or bar. Only about 15-20 minutes later, we were escorted to a great spot at the end of the bar, where we received wonderfully relaxed and attentive service, GREAT food, and my husband enjoyed, um, several selections from their wide range of non-standard beers (and a cucumber dry soda for the pregnant among us, ahem).

Service: Surprisingly calm wait staff overall. From our stellar people-watching perch at the end of the bar (right by the wait station), they seemed to work like busy bees when they were working, and then drop into a lower gear until something else required their attention. No busy-bodies, no curt tones, no snippiness. Awesome. I told the waitress I was unable to eat unpasteurized foods (so none of their homemade aiolis, unfortunately). She offered other sauce options without batting an eye and pointed out the unpasteurized cheeses on the board before we even had to ask.

Food: We were feeling snacky, so we went for the frites (of course!) with pistachio oil and parmesan, the cheese board (two from Carr Valley plus St. Andre triple creme - yum), and their to-die-for scallops. Seriously amazing! Perfectly prepared (finished with what I'm guessing was a torch, just for giggles) and served on top of whipped cauliflower, a frothy butter sauce, yummy warm cherry tomatoes, and crispy prosciutto. Our waitress's reaction to our approval indicated that, yup, they're always that perfect. :) Winning.

Beer: I can't say how the beers were from personal experience, but my husband looked to be enjoying himself. :) We marveled at their selection and that we had only seen about 10% of their line-up before. So fun to try new things!
We really like this place  My wife and I had dinner here on Sunday night. I had the pheasant and she had the scallops. Both meals were excellent. The pheasant was moist and the skin was crispy. The sauce, vegetables and sweat potato that accompanied it were perfect. Sunday's are half price bottles of wine and we had a good Cote Du'Rhone. We split the chocolate yogurt desert which was also very good. Our waitress was very nice and polite and she spent some time with us explaining the menu and dishes. We will definitely go back here the next time we are in Madison.
5 stars for the great beer.  Cheese plate and salad was secondary but really good too.
My fiancé and I split the moules et frites and burger, and both were amazing.  Seriously one of the better bucket of mussels I've had--certainly in Wisconsin--and the fries were definately  great.  

The beer selection is solid but pricey.  I know everyone goes totally crazy about belgium beers-and i really do love them--but you're basically paying for the import costs.  There are tons of amazing breweries in the states and Wisconsin producing some really interesting belgium-esque styles at a fraction of the price.   So it's hard for me to justify paying $7.50 for a 6-oz. pour of a LaChouffe, when a full pint of Dave's Brew Farm Matacabras--which tastes as good as most belgium quads-- can be had for $3.50 down the street

But we really did enjoy the place and meal.  It just felt like we were back in Washington, D.C. again, where everything was just slightly more expensive than it probably should be.
I came here on a whim as I was riding down Monroe street in Madison on a Friday evening after work. There is metered parking in front until 6pm, but I decided to swing around and catch some street parking not far off.  I was greeted and opted to sit at the bar as I was dining alone.  The place is quaint [read small] but with great decor for a brew house feel.  

I was quite impressed with the beer selection. I'm still growing into my beer boots, but to have the assortment of Belgian, Netherlands and other foreign (and respected) bottles on hand was quite a treat.  I flipped through pages and pages and settled on a a Belgian pale to go with the paté appetizer and moules et frites entree I ordered.  The beef and pork paté came with a large grain gourmet mustard, grilled baguette slices and sweet pickles.  The flavors together were wonderful, though the paté was a different texture than I expected; more of a tuna from the can consistency than a spreadable one.  But again, the flavors were great and the paté itself was wrapped in bacon. I mean, it's Wisconsin. You gotta have bacon.

The main course came out and I immediately went to my happy place.  The mussels were cleaned WELL and flavored impeccably. All a good medium size PEI mussels and the broth of garlic and white wine was simple and classic.  You get two dipping sauces for the fries and boy... I love sauce. One seemed to be a Parmesan aioli and the other a more garlic aioli. If I wasn't scraping the bottom of the cups with the fries, I would have had time to ask what exactly was in them.  Good.

The place filled up about 6:00 or 6:15, with dozens of folks crowded around the bar and front of the place. For good reason.  The staff is incredibly friendly and the food and beer are great.  Even the patrons were cordial; I had conversations with half a dozen of them while eating. I'll surely be back.
Great choice of Belgian biers but anyone who's ever been to Belgium wouldn't be overwhelmed by the frites.  Overdone and soggy every time I've been there.  And the dipping sauce?  Where's the mayo??
Very cozy bar with a staggering selection of beers...I don't think I've ever had a choice of ciders before. The staff is very pleasant but the space is too small to accommodate all of the people who want to eat here! The bar fills up quickly and then there is little space to wait. In any case, we went here earlier this week and it was hopping at 6ish. We waited about 30 minutes for a table. I got the mussels, which were excellent and the Belgian frites were to die for! Unfortunately, they served the mussels with only a tiny crust of bread. When we asked for more, to sop up all of that delicious broth, we were informed that since Madison Sourdough Bread Company was closed, they did not have any fresh bread. Mussels without an endless bread basket is pretty much sacrilegious- they should have ordered ahead or bought other baguettes. Seriously. My brother and his family also received very odd bread selections with their meals- hamburgers on rye toast, for example. Not cool. Other than the bread issues, though, this is a very sophisticated, European-feeling pub that is not at all pretentious.
This place is fantastic. Nice atmosphere. Never had anything here that wasn't absolutely delicious. The steak et frites is worth every penny. They'll typically give you two sides of aioli with the frites -- one standard garlic aioli (still extremely good) as well as some special flavor that they've put together for the day.
Yet another entree in Madison's ever-expanding "locally-grown-fare" venues, Brasserie V has been around long enough to establish itself as a leading contender in face of up-and-comers like Graze and Nostrano. My experience here was along the lines of "come for the beer, stay for the food", in that the menu is of mixed interest. By and large, you're going to choose between sandwiches or entrees. The former consists of variations on a theme usually involving some combination of avocados and aioli. Certainly fresh and tasty, but not great. Entrees are of the rustic, comfort-food variety. I had the pork belly with cheddar mash and peanut sauce . . . very flavorful but the pork was a little dry. The hit of the evening was the beefy Carbonnade Flamande, quite tender and succulent. The frites here are renowned, but I found them overly salty and far from the melt-in-your-mouth delights you get at Graze. 

But the star here is the beer list, the most complete (to the point of overwhelming) selection of Belgian ales anywhere in Madison. And for those intimidated by such esoterica, there are still plenty of local brews to choose from (the Oso Wisconsin porter I had was delicious). Atmosphere on a Saturday night was crowded and boisterous; obviously a lot of neighborhood regulars hold this place in high esteem. We'll want to go back, particularly for the burgers, but I'm still looking for the perfect farm-fresh venue in Madison.
There are two things wrong with BV: 1. you can't order a gin martini (only beer and wine), and 2. it is super small so any trip there will inevitably require a wait.  So why 5 stars? Because everything else is so phenomenal that these two things seem piddly by comparison.   They more than make up for the lack of a full bar with a great wine selection and even better beer selection.  And enjoying one or both of each makes the wait less onerous ;)  The food is always creative, prepared perfectly with only the best ingredients.  The service is always top notch - friendly and knowledgeable and professional.  

I know I said there were only two things wrong with BV, but really there are 3.  It's located in Madison, and I live in Milwaukee.
My husband ordered a monk's cafe flemish sour, unbelievable flavor.  but I went with the chateau magence graves from bordeaux france. Ahi tuna was a good blend and the v burger was excellent. Tuscan soup today was ok taste.  Not too busy at 2:15 pm.  Fun to sit by the window when it's warm.
Haven't had the food.  But good heavens, have you seen the beer list?! One of these days I'm going to have to try the sliders, but until then, their beer list will continue to make me thirsty.  This is THE go-to place for beer lovers in Madison who aren't physically near the Malt House.
Very warm friendly vibe, maybe to 8% ABV adds to this?
Like many other reviewers it seems, I left Brasserie V really impressed. First off, my son and i had really good food--a V burger and mussels and fries that were outstanding. Secondly, a really tasty belgian beer that I don't remember the name of-I'm more of a wine guy than a beer guy but this beer was outstanding. The Bartender/Server (we ate at the bar) was generous enough to pour me 4 small glasses of 4 different beers so that i could pick one i liked--again--I'm not a beer expert. But, I found the beer i liked and it was absolutely delicious. Best of all though, our server was a true gentleman. He gave my son great insight on UW (we were in Madison to tour the campus). His kindness and attention capped off the dinner. Bottom line--great food-great atmosphere-superb staff!! Can't wait to return.
Brasserie V is very small and does not take reservations, so expect to wait for a table.  It's more of a bar than a bistro.  Food is fresh and good.  Had an excellent fresh salad, followed by the mussels and fries.  Portions are large.  We shared a salad, and after that, I was unable to finish the mussels.  The fries are great and abundant, and the two of us couldn't finish them.  (My husband chose to share my fries which he liked better,than the boiled potatoes served with his fish.). Earlier in the week, I had the mussels at Graze, and much preferred their interesting broth.  I wanted to like Brasserie V more than I did, because I'm a real fan of locally grown produce.  If they took reservations, I'd give it another try.
The food is amazing, especially the moules frites. Arguably better than what I had in Belgium. The beer selection is good (considering that I just got back from Belgium yesterday, this is a compliment).

The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about Belgian ales. They helped my wife and I learn the ropes and build our Belgian ale vocabulary. They also helped us plan our time in Belgium with tips on where to go, what to see and what to try.

B5 is first on my list of where to go for authentic Belgian food and beer, beating out Chicago contender Hopleaf.
Thanks to yelp reviews and few others, we went to Brasserie V and it was fun/good all round.  Sure there's a wait, yet we planned for that and the Los at he bar were great.  He took great care o us until our tale was ready.  Mussels were relish, beer on tap fantastic, then the main course. The fish was great, as was the pasta and the burger was very good, medium rare.  Overall, it is a place for  great beer or wine and burgers, or something much more.  Here's raising an awesome beer on tap to a comfortable, friendly joint. Yum,M
I would give this place 5 stars if only they served liquor. They have an incredible list of beers though. The food is excellent for the price. Moules frites are some of the best in town. Chef Rob takes a lot of pride in assuring consistency. Some of the best sandwiches I've ever had are the Caprese and the Portabella mushroom sandwich. They have an assortment of aioli's that are to die for. Service is always friendly and attentive. Don't be shy to ask for any other aioli's on the menu that day to accompany the frites.
I don't know why Yelp has this place listed as being French.  This is classic Belgian food.  There is no question about that.

I went with the classic moules frittes.  And I was not at all disappointed.  The mussels were not overcooked and the the broth used to steam them was garlicky and rich.  The fries were hot and salty and came to the table in the classic funnel shaped server.  I started with something that was described by our server as clam stew, but it tasted more like Manhattan style calm chowder than stew.  It was good, but not spectacular.

My wife ordered an ample and beautiful frisee salad as her appetizer and the arctic char as her main dish.  The char came in two very large thick pieces and I am told it was spectacular.

We both tried different Belgian triples and the beer menu at this place was huge with lots of choice and this gave one the opportunity to compare similar types fro different purveyors.  The beers we ordered were delivered with glasses from the particular breweries they came from and they were terrific beers.  They were not cheap, but they certainly were good.

The meal came with nicer toasty sourdough bread which was a nice touch.

Unfortunately we had quite a long wait to be seated, and the place was packed when we arrived, while we ate and when we left.  In an area of town with lots of trendy places to eat, that this place was so packed and had so many diners waiting is an indication of how popular it is.

The next time I go back to Madison, I will go back here.
Wow, I'm in love with a restaurant. We came for the impressive selection of Belgian Ales and were utterly amazed by the food.
My finance and I were on Monroe and starving. I heard great things about this place. We walked up and no one was there. We decided to sit at the front window. Great little place we thought. Ordered our food. And waited, as people piled into the restaurant, everyone working was super attentive and kind. Directing people to the few tables that were left, they were efficient and quite lovely. After waiting for what seemed like forever, I had to use the restroom. 

This should have been my first sign. Not only did the bathroom stink to high heaven, but shit was falling off the walls. It was dirty and quite nasty. I felt like I would never escape or be the same after that bathroom. But you really can't judge a place on the bathroom. Right?

We heard the chef bell ring multiple times and each time reared our heads like Pavlovian dogs. Finally, our food came. I ordered an avocado blt. I immediately tore into it, and it was fantastic! Nueske's bacon, perfect amount of everything. Just perfect. Until...yikes what is this...a hair! Eieeeiei!!! 

If there is one thing I cannot handle in my food it is hair. So I slowly pulled it out and showed my finance. He knows me, so he said please do not puke right here. I held it together and put it in my napkin. I knew I would not eat another bite. Then suddenly as he was devouring his food, he sees it, not just one but two hairs. He decided to keep eating, yes it was that good. He ate around them. He left the hairs to show the waitress. When he pulled them out they were so long and cooked entirely with the food, I had to excuse myself because I was gagging so hard. 

Previous to finding not one, but many hairs in our food on both dishes, we were discussing how this could be our new go-to place for yum. After that, well I cannot eat there again.  I would recommend the restaurant investing in some hairnets. Their food is good, but not hair worthy. The waitress was a sweetheart about it, and I appreciate that. I would recommend it only if you don't mind what you may find in your food.
Went to Brasserie V last year and it was awesome. Came back this year and our experience was quite disappointing.  The quality of food was not up to par. My fish was underdone. My husband's duck was chewy and muscular. Doubt i will return and if so, it would probably just before the muscles.
These guys know Belgium beer.  They are not fooling around.  They also serve the mussels and fries just like they do in Belgium.  NICE. The food was great, service was spot on and the beer selection was the best I've seen (for Belgium beers).   If you LOVE Belgium beer or just want to pretend like your in Belgium for the night you must try this quaint little bar with excellent food.  

We started with the cheese plate - all local Wisconsin Cheese - 3 types of local cheeses, all were great.  We paired that with a Corsendonk Angus and Blanch de Brussels.  

I had the Mussels with fries, the fries came with 2 rocking dipping sauces.  The mussels were great, cooked perfectly in a classic wine, garlic sauce.  My husband had the poached egg (sans the ham) and it was really a nice plate.  Perfectly poached egg on a bed of greens with Parmesan foam - Yes, Parmesan foam.  We paired this with Monk's Café Flemish Sour which was AMAZING and Lefebvre Hopus.  We ended the night with a 750ml bottle of 
Artisinal du Flo Cuvee du Flo. 

OK - theses guys do not play around with the beers, all the classic Belgium beers and some I've never had or seen in California.  If you find yourself in Madison, WI you have to find this place.
Love this place. Great beer and great food. The location is awesome for before or after Badger games.
I have found this place to be overall really great. Not giving anything more than three stars though because a friend ordered the risotto and it was really salty and like soup. Risotto should be creamy, not watery - seems pretty basic. Either way, great selection of beer, good service, good mussels and burgers too. I am sure we will be back at some point.
By way of an update, I went for sliders night; amazingly high-quality beef in those little bundles of joy.  I'm very happy that I can now highly recommend Brasserie V for both dinner and libations.
Great for lunch.  Love the burgers, frites, and croque monsieur.  Had a delicious chocolate mousse with candied almond slivers.  There is a great variety on the menu without being overwhelming.  I have come for dinner twice.  The first time I left because it was too packed.  The second I stayed.  It is quite small and gets very busy and bustling.  If you like that vibe, come try some great beers.  I will stick to the lunch.
My favorite place in Madison. It's a good departure from the standard Wisconsin fare of burgers and cheese curds. 

I have been here about three times and have tried the moules et frites, duck breast, and the whole fish (it's seasonal, I think). Moules are standard (i.e., good) and frites are thin-cut and great. The duck breast has a citrus flavor and comes in a delicious sauce. There is also a large beer selection. Service is friendly and prompt. Prices are very reasonable. Portions are relatively generous. 

Weekend nights are crowded, but never more than a half hour to forty-five minute wait for me. 

The ambience is good for both couples and small groups.
Brasserie V - what does the V stand for? My most recent vice.

My criteria for a good restaurant (in order of importance):
1. Beer
2. Food
3. Service

WARNING: This place is hopping, so be ready for a wait, but it's well worth it!

The beer selection is phenomenal.  Belgian beers are infinitely complex and notoriously delicious.  Add to that an entire book of beer choices and you have an impossible decision to make. Luckily, Brasserie V's staff is knowledgeable and friendly, ready to help you make such a critical decision.

The food is SOOOO GOOOOOOD. I have never had anything I didn't love here.  Moules, frites, burgers, chicken or tuna salad sandwiches at lunch - variety with quality. I'm actually on their wifi right now, writing this review, and eating tonight's special: a burger with egg, crimini and oyster mushrooms, and rosemary and truffle bernaise sauce on sourdough. Only $13! Oh shit. The guy next to me just got the duck breast with door county cherries and red wine sauce. I guess I have to come back tomorrow.

The service: this is why I'm a regular. I live nearby and the staff is so much fun that I'm content to hang out at the bar and chat them up for a few hours while they endow me with sample upon sample of whatever 4 new beers they have on tap this week.
I've gone to Brasserie V many times.  The service is always great, the food is excellent (they have one of the best burgers I've ever tasted the V2 burger).  It can get a little warm, especially if you're in the back, but overall it's amazing.  They have literally a BOOK of all of the beers they offer.  And if you know nothing about beer, they'll ask you what you normally drink, and they'll find a fun one for you.  It's very personalized service, excellent desserts, and I love it.

As for the other complaints about space.... they're expanding into the old Premiere Couture next door so they'll be getting bigger!!!  Yay!!!  More Brasserie V!!!!

And a requirement, you MUST get the frites.  $4 for a cone with two different aiolis that change every night.  Best fries in Madison (we went fry hopping -- as opposed to bar hopping-- and tested all the fries in madison, these won, hands down).
You're likely to score when you hit up Monroe Street, but this place abuses the privilege. The best offering at Brasserie V is definitely the beer selection: they have about 12 on tap every day plus plenty of bottles. They have quite the selection of wine too.

Food's pretty good, modern American and quite tasty. The caprese sandwich was quite good, as were the truffle frites. 

Perfect for a first date or happy hour, definitely hit it up!
Good food, looooooooooooong wait. 

Be prepared to wait for a table, then wait for a drink, then wait for your food. 

The food and drink are good, but you're going to wait. I'm talking 30-45 minutes to get in, then 30-45 minutes for your food.
Just went here the other night. Solid food. Awesome Belgian beer.
Great food, incredible beer selection.
Well, all-frite then.

I don't know the last time I had  fries, pardon me, FRITES (as I was corrected when I *gasp* accidentally called them frites. Shame on me) like this. And by like this I mean, "How fast can I get these in my mouth and is it embarrassing to want to lick the bowl of the remoulade sauce that came with them?"

The beer selection is unlike most in Madison (which in my book gives them a big-ups).  I had the La Trappe WitteTrappist which was light beer (in my book anyway) made with wheat hops, and my dinner date had the Topling Goliath Brown Sugar which was a more complex beer with almond and chocolate notes. 

Besides the gut-busting batch of frites my dinner date and I inhaled, we each had a solid dinner as well, with my date going with the pork shoulder (yumz) and myself (the faux-vegetarian) going with the standard burger. After trying the pork shoulder and eating my burger, I have to wonder, why do I rarely consume meat? Maybe the two dishes consumed here were incredibly delicious, but I am re-thinking my self-imposed limit on animal flesh.

The pork shoulder was tender and cask that it came out in was appropriately hot. The pork shoulder was seasoned to perfection and the sauce that it was simmering was divine. The burger I had was cooked just how I like  my medium burgers to be prepared, and the aioli sauce that was served along with the burger was flawless as well.

The cons to my evening, parking. I feel like everyone always defaults to "but its __________street though". In this case, I want to say, "Yea, but that's Monroe Street though". Which is where it is located, but parking is disgusting around there. Especially when there is packed snow and ice everywhere.  Even at 8 pm on a Sunday night, be prepared to hike. And potentially fall on your keister. Evidently living near Monroe street entitles you to not to have to shovel your sidewalks. The other thing to make mention is that the hostess seemed either a bit confused, or flustered. The place was crowded but she seemed overwhelmed. We were told 30-40 min wait so we went to grab a beer. She found us, told us we'd have a table in 5-10 min. She walked 5 steps away from us, turned out, then came right back and said there was a table right now. I am not complaining about being seated right away, but a bit more organization would have been nice. I wouldn't have minded sitting at the bar consuming a delicious beer anyway. 

I'll be back. If for nothing else, the beer and the fries. Darn it. Frites.
Tuesday night sliders!  My friend took me here while I was visiting Madison.  Sat on the newly-expanded side of the bar and had a great experience.  Knowledgable bartenders helped us choose the perfect Belgium beer to accompany my sliders on a chilly, February night.  Loved the pairings and unique presentation of our food.  (We also ordered a couple of salads and lentil soup.)  Will definitely come here again when back in Mad-town!
So me and a group of friends went to BrasserieV about 2 weeks ago. It was great, once I found the place (I don't blame them though, parking in this town is unpleasant on a good day). We did have to wait a while for a table because they don't take reservations. We did sit down however, and received excellent service from Courtney, who put up with out overworked and tired customer service shenanigans. We sampled several appetizers (pretty much everything except the muscles, and that's because we only wanted two) and they were good. I had the soup of the day and it was excellent (sorry, I just remember liking the soup, not what it was). I also had several of their loose leaf oolong teas, and was quite pleased to the point of buying it un-brewed just to take home with me. Our only problem with the service is that the were so busy that people other that Courtney bringing us our food, some things got to the wrong people at first, but that's understandable.

My burger was amazing. Yeah, a bit expensive for a burger, but it was extremely tasty. I ordered it medium, and seriously, the cooking of this burger was the epitome of medium. Seasoned great, it was probably within my top 20 burgers of all time (and I eat a lot of burgers).

I don't remember the name my dessert, but it was like a cream puff pastry stuffed with ice cream and drizzled with chocolate. It was sinfully good.

Again, service was great. Food was great. Please start taking reservations. Looking forward to returning again!

    Visited February 2013
I finally got the chance to check this place out and I was pretty impressed. The frites (French fries) are mentioned in a lot of YELP reviews so I had to try them! They do not come on the side for lunch. That said, they were excellent. Probably some of the better French fries in Madison. For my entree I had the Duck Breast Sandwich. The Bread was nice and thick and perfectly toasted. My only complaint with the sandwich was that the duck breast was quite rare for a sandwich and it made it a little chewy. Other than that, the service was great, the beer selection is awesome, and I would give it a try.
This is the second time we visited and the first time since they've expanded into the space next door.  My wife and son and I were at an activity Friday night and stopped in for a late dinner around 9pm.  We were quoted a 30 minute wait and said ok because Brocah was packed.  We had a drink and were seated in around 20 minutes-not bad.

We ordered the soup of the day-a spicy carrot soup- that the waitress raved about.  It was fair at best.  Luke warm and not very flavorful-certainly not spicy. We started with some frites that were great and gobbled up. 

 I ordered the beef stew (Carbonnade Flamande) and my wife got the trout.  My beef stew had about 5 dry, unseasoned chunks of meat in it with some red potatoes that were undercooked in a broth that looked and tasted like water and beef boullion.  

My wife's trout was about a 3 oz. piece that also had no seasoning on top of hard lentils with no sauce.  Luckily my son gave me a bite of his mini burger that was pretty good.  I already had a beer and some wine so we asked for the check and paid our $77.00 tab.

Bottom line: Go if you enjoy Belgium beer and stick with the burger and frites.
After reading all of the positive reviews on this place I thought it would be a nice place to take my boyfriend fore his birthday, turns out I was wrong. We didn't have to wait long to sit down but once we did the experience quickly became disappointing. We had received and finished our appetizer before even getting our drinks! I even went to the bar after waiting about 15 minutes and was stopped by the server who said she would bring them right out but then we still waited another 10 minutes. I had the water trout which was alright, the fish itself was nothing to rave about but everything else was delish. My boyfriend got the duck which was bland and unsatisfying for the $20 price. The only thing we got quickly was the bill. Great beer selections but Im gonna have to say the service and food were lacking quite a bit for the price. Will probably not be returning.
Brasserie V warms my heart.  Any place with frites and Belgian beer has my vote. 

The V is still one of my favorite places in town, but their new space bums me out a bit. They expanded space feasibly doubles the size of the restaurant, but they made the decision to make most of it bar. I was hoping they would put more tables in, but instead they more than doubled the size of the bar. This means my party of 4 had to wait over an hour at 8 pm on a Friday night to get a table. 

I still love the food. The frites and mussels are a must have. The food is usually fresh and tasty. The wait staff is great. The beer selection is fabulous and they have some great special taps. I just wish they would would have used the new space more efficiently.
Frites are crazy good and if you like Moule Frites-forgeddaboutit. Good selection of Belgian Ales and now with a bigger space and dualing bars, you have a good spot to pop in and eat. Nice staff as well, daddy like.
Went there on Saturday for lunch. We sat in the new area to the left. The place was empty but we were sat at this mini two-top in this awkward corner... 

Other than that, the place is great. They have individual serving size bottles of Champagne so its never flat which excited the wife. They also had a huge beer list including Topping Goliath PseudoSue which excited me. 

We got the mussels which were really good. There were tons of them and they were served in a pot on the table (wish we had more room). They came with Belgium frites that were really good but a little soggy...but I think they are supposed to be like that. 

On a whim, I got salad with duck breast on it which was better than I expected. The duck was cooked perfectly. Also a good sized portion but they served it packed in this tiny bowl so it didn't look like much and it was a little hard to eat at first (but we didn't have room for it at our table as it was). 

Two drinks, Mussels and a Salad w/Duck got to $50 a little faster than I thought but I think it was worth it.
We were pleasantly surprised by Brasserie V!  The food we ordered wasn't anything out of the ordinary (Smoked Turkey and V Burger) but both were absolutely fantastic. Everything was well-seasoned, and the portions were right on the mark. The beer selection was great, and the bartender that served us was really helpful and nice. 

Can't wait to go back!
Awesome food and great beer selection. Had the duck & best ever I order duck where ever I can find it all over the world. Beer sampler good if your not familiar with the HUGE beer menu. A little noisy when full but not over bering.
My friends and I went here in a large group without reservations and I felt terrible about ambushing them like that. However, the hostess got us all seated in a timely manner. They have a great selection of cider for gluten-sensitive folks like myself. 

We ordered fondue and the server brought me a plate of carrots to dip in the cheese, which was actually pretty good. My friend ordered the frites and we dipped those in the fondue too.

I wasn't too hungry after all of that fondue, but I also got a cup of the most delicious spinach artichoke soup. Seriously awesome. I also got this frisee salad that was kind of hard to eat and not really worth it. Oh well! It was still a great night.
Amazing selection of beers. The prices are all over the place but you will find something you like. The bartender was very helpful in giving samples and recommendations. The frites were amazing; the aioli dip moreso. Then we sat down for lunch. Everyone's dishes were tasty; except that my father was given a burger that was cooked on the outside but literally raw on the inside. We sent it back but they stuck the whole plate, including the greens, in the microwave so that everything was soggy when it came back. His dish was eventually free but had they given him a fresh dish so he would have had an edible meal, I'd give the place 4 stars.
I feel like I sent my teenager to college.
Like I walked my oldest daughter down the aisle. 
She's all grown up...
...and I'm thrilled I can say, "I knew her when." 

Back when she was a few tables and a neighborhood bar. Back when servers were speedy and bartenders had stellar beer recs. Back when the only thing to stave my hunger was pretty much the best burger in town. Back when frites were fierce and sauces to dip them in were stupendous. 

Here's the thing though, that's still the case even after the expansion! Bring on the burgers, the frites, those incredible mussels swimming in a butter connection I'm afraid to know too much about. Bring on the friendly staff that make you feel like family and Andrea and Matt that always greet me with a smile. Bring on a crazy amount of Belgians in bottles (I'm talking 200 at any given time). And bring on what I think has the coolest atmosphere for grabbing grub with friends on Monroe Street.

Sometimes when a restaurant gets too big for its own good by knocking down walls, polishing up original tile flooring and installing a beautiful wood bar that frames the stunning beer coolers nicely it can flop. But not here. Brasserie V was ready, and I'm not certain how they did it so seamlessly, but the transition to a world with additional seating was smooth. I want to say it has something to do with the folks in black (the ones that work there) that jump, no dive in head first, willing to do whatever it takes to make experiences memorable for folks like me that knew her when.
I love any place that is amenable to the small plate, which this place does. My date and I got to share all of our courses. All of the flavors here were excellent. The primary criticism of this place is that the dishes came out lukewarm. Everything we tasted was excellent but not necessarily hot. The biggest disappointment on that front was receiving lukewarm gougères. Bread products (like soup) should always be piping hot.
This is a neighborhood restaurant at it's best. Great food, ambience, and service. The expansion means seating and space are rarely an issue, yet they have maintained their high standards. One of our favorite venues in Madison.
Looking for beer? This is the best spot in town!! With hundreds of choices, you'll not be starved for decision. My favorites are belgian beers like Chimay Blue, Duvel, and fruit beers that taste like sparkling wine! The local new glarus beer is also really tasty!

Are you hungry? No worries. this place is the best in town for Belgian frites. double fried, done right every single time as said by the boss. Also the soups and V burger is also a hit. If you're just looking for bar food, the sliders are really tasty as well. I also like the truffle fries, but if I had to pick, the Belgian frites are my favorite! ^.^

They also often do alot of beer tasting, probably once a month. Very fun activity. 

The space was recently expanded, there's more bar space and a few more tables. If you're there with just a friend, sit at the bar! They serve the full menu there as well! If you wanna go there in a group, it might be hard unless you're there before 6pm. 

Frites, great beer. And a great selection of French wine as well! What more can you ask for :)
I have a girlie crush on this place.  It's the perfect spot for a quite night out. We have friends who like to go here with us and it's always fun b/c we share our plates and always have the best time.  We get the steak, 2 frites & mussels, sometimes a salad and app of choice.  The beer and wine selection is wonderful as well. And, I'm so happy that they have expanded and there is more room now!
I am not too proud to eat crow, updated review. 

Overview: A tasty, reliable, and recently updated local gem. 

Hits: Revolving specials, edited kitchen, solidly trained front of house crew, and locally minded giving back opportunities.   [Thanks to Yelp and Corey D. for the heads up to give them another try.] 

Misses: Heavy hand with salt (but that is a subjective taste issue), inconsistency  with duck skin  around the table (but it was a busy night at a neighborhood bistro...), and a lack of a full liquor license (but wine and beer flow at great prices).  

Hints: Plan giving yourself some wait time at the bar to meet new friends while you wait for a table. (Side note: it is always a good sign for the city and neighborhood when a restaurant is busy...it means our economy is doing better!)  

Bottom line: Visit -- I bet you do it again.
Very good food. Glad they expanded the restaurant. The original version of their burger is much better than the second version. The patty is very flavorful.
A must for Belgian beer lovers. Astounding beer selection with many beers that are difficult to find outside Belgium. No stupid pint glasses. Gastro-pub style food was delicious and well prepared.
The smoked turkey was simply one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever eaten. All the flavors, from the avocado schmear to the lime-chipotle aioli, balance perfectly and transport you to smoky zen.  I was not a fan of the asparagus+artichoke+tomato mishmash served on the side (mealy tomatoes, generally flavorless), but I just left that alone and gave my undivided attention to the sandwich.
Um, first of all, let me say this--$21.00 for unlimited mussels and frites. Are you kidding me?!

We tried all three broths--the awesome classic, the St. Bernardus wit, and the final one made with Jordanal farms sausage. All three were delicious, and excellent.

The frites were fresh, crispy, and delightful. NEVERENDING EVERYTHING.

I'm stuffed. Near the end, we noticed that a lot more of the mussels were closed, rather than open--it's a sign that they were probably cooking them too quickly. That's where the star comes off.

Everything was great, though. I have less than a week left in Madtown, and I'm thrilled Brasserie V was one of the stops.
Let me start off by saying I LOVE this place. But a recent bad experience left a bitter taste in my mouth. Went on 8/17, and was told they had a limited menu based on "kitchen problems." OK, no big deal. As long as there is cheese and beer, I'm good. My date and I wanted to linger and order several courses and beers, but when we ordered, we were forced to order all of our food at once. While we stressed several times that we wanted everything to come separately so we could enjoy the food and beer at our own pace, all of our food came at once, and very shortly after we ordered. Uncool. A table full of cheese, frites, and burgers, getting cold before we could get to it all; not the leisurely dining experience we wanted at all. When we complained, we were told that the dishwasher was broken and they were trying to push food out as quickly as possible. What?? So basically you're telling me you're purposely trying to push customers out the door as quickly as possible? If I wanted fast food, I would've gone to McDonald's. To make matters worse, our waitress immediately took our beer menu away; guess I'm not having another drink? And even though we complained, nothing was done to make it right--nothing comped, no discount, and frankly, a very insincere apology. WTF? Brasserie V?! If "kitchen issues" kept you from providing the quality dining experience I've come to expect from your establishment, you should not have opened.
Tried the mussels in the pot great experience recommended by bartender
He was a fabulous host even spoke French for us and took the time to explain the history of the restaurant and theme and foods. Excellent a must stop.  Oh must try their frites!
Hmm...what is this? Is it a paperweight? A bowling ball? A dumbbell? No, it's Brasserie V's beer menu, which I have to imagine clocks in around 5 lbs. It's very extensive and covers the globe.

So that makes the 4 set beer samplers a really *great* idea. South African mead + German potato beer + Italian IPA. M'kay, I'll expand my palate today. Yup.

Foodwise, I know people complain that it is on the pricey side (true) but they will put duck breast on any dish you ask them too! You have to pay for that kind of duck-heavy service.

I love, love, love the atmosphere. You can never (nope) get a table, so we always sit at the cozy let's-pretend-we-are-in-Belgium bar and people watch. Ooo, look at those hipsters with their Warby Parker glasses. Is that a dad feeding his 7-year-old daughter fries ad aoili? Yep. Ooo, look at the beard on that man who is talking to the bartender about local beer, I think I saw it in Madewell last month. 

So, if vast tracks of beer, duck breast and fun people watching at the bar don't sound like your thing, maybe don't go here. And don't call me, I'll call you (doesn't call you).
Pleasantly surprised.  
The whole family went to try Brasserie V on Friday night.  There was a 20 minute wait, but there was enough room for the kids to sit down and for the parents to have a beer.
Once seated, our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  They have kids meals for $4.95. Well done Brasserie V!  Parents still get to order a special meal and their kids are happy as well.  We ordered V Burgers and a giant bowl of mussels.  Kids meal choices were simple but all good stuff; grilled cheese, spaghetti, etc. with sides.  Even came with a toy too!
V Burgers were just as yummy as the menu exclaimed them to be.  The onions put it over the top for me.  They really hit the mark.  Burger cooked perfectly.  The artichoke side salad was a little bland but we poured some of the mussel broth over it.  Now we're talking.
The mussels were perfect.  My 8 year old mussel connoisseur said they were the best he's had.  There were plenty of the little bivalves in there to keep a person busy for a while.  
The waitress kept the drinks coming, talked to our kids and helped make this first visit a great one.  Everyone wants to come back.  Bravo!
The food is good.  I had two meals, lunch and dinner, and both meals were good.  The atmosphere is nice and I would definitely recommend it to a friend if they were in the area.  

My only problem was the service.  Lunch was good, the bartender/server, Brian, was attentive and did a good job ensuring my meal and experience was enjoyable.  Dinner was a different experience.  There was only a handful of customers, and I suppose when they aren't busy, the employees tend to play.  They gathered in corners to discuss plans, sipped on different beers (good gig- wish I worked here), and made it rather uncomfortable.  

I don't need you to talk with me through my dinner, but I definitely don't want to hear your discussion or have you gather around my side of the bar.  It kind of made me feel like I was at a party that I wasn't invited to.  Awkward.
Long overdue first time here. Awesome frites. Memorable sandwich.   My wife tried a burger and loved it. Impressive beer selection. We'll be back. Great for our kid too.
Wow! I did not expect the special creamy kale soup and Brasserie V Salad to taste as amazing as they did. My husband had the moules et frites which were equally delicious. Others at the table had the kale salad and a smoked turkey sandwich and all raved about them. Great beer and wine selection. Lots of locally sourced foods. My only complaint is the service was a bit slow at times. Overall, an excellent dining spot.
What deserves 3-4 stars:
- The frites and classic mayo dipping sauce are absolutely delicious. Ordering them is a must.
- My warm turkey sandwich was probably on the lower end of 3 stars. It was tasty but not outstanding.
- Good Belgian beer list
- The young male food runner with an accent was absolutely amazing. He deserves 5 stars. He brought out our food and got us silverware when our waiter went completely MIA.

What deserves 1-2 stars:
- Service from waitstaff. We were greeted warmly at first, but then I started to notice some things. Why did everyone get a carafe of water and I'm sipping out of a pint glass crammed with ice? Why did our server not check how our meals were, but came by when we were finished and asked if I wanted more wine?
First time visiting Wisconsin, and by far one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. 
We had the special on Friday night, the service was quick and extremely professional. The special was delicate beef drenched in a beer-maple sauce, cooked to absolute perfection. 
The cheeseboard we ordered was also quite exceptional, filled with some of the best cheese Wisconsin has to offer. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the area or going to a Badgers game. I'll certainly be back to visit, if not for a game, for the food!
The food is great here and the beer/wine list is expansive. But I noticed a lot of very young children and babies coming through the door. I thought, they must have a tremendous kids menu to warranty so much attention from families. Sure enough, one of the previous reviewers mentioned the kids menu and even a toy they get. What is this, McDonald's? If you love the babble of childish noises with your Belgium beer, step right up. Best of all, the babies crying really carry through the place, due to all the hard surface.
Nice environment. Great food and not a bad price. I'd highly recommend the v burger and the frites appetizer. But the service could have been a little more prompt....
Had a nice lunch here :) Smoked turkey sandwich was delicious and the soups were tasty. Good service and atmosphere.
Crazy beer selection! Frites are really good with beers. They had a holiday drink menu and they were really good! Nice place to hangout with friends.
Not sure what differentiates Belgian cuisine from other cuisines, but if it includes delicious kale-quinoa salad or roasted Brussels Sprouts like those I had at Brassiere V, I will seek it out more often. Truly scrumptious. The downside was that my husband's duck was undercooked. Another interesting aspect of the restaurant is the amazing range of beer offerings. Sadly, I don't like beer; booklet listing them all made fascinating reading, however.
Great beer.  Good atmosphere and very good service.  Good food and reasonable pricez.  Only gets 3 stars because I am a tough grader.
I thought dining here was an interesting experience, although it definitely didn't exceed my expectations.

My wife and I went for lunch on our first visit to Madison together. We started the meal off with some frites and dipping sauce, which were easily the best thing about the meal. As others have mentioned they truly are amazing. On the other hand the rest of the meal was far from spectacular. I ordered the Smoked Salmon BLT and did not enjoy it as much as I expected to. It wasn't very good at all, so I didn't even end up finishing it. My wife got the Caprese, which she liked a little better than I liked my sandwich, but also thought it was a letdown after the appetizer.

The service was decent, but I don't remember anything special about it. The restaurant feels kind of cozy though and the Belgian theme is neat, so I wouldn't mind coming back again. Next time I visit I may just come in to get some of those frites as a snack! They were so good!
Throwing itself into the solid 4-star category, Brasserie V does a fine job, a good job even, of providing a cool atmosphere with a good alcohol selection and even decent prices for burgers and sandwiches. All very cool ingredients and said burger is even delicious to boot! So wa-cha to that! 

Stop there, and you'll be happy. Get the truffle fries, and you'll wonder why you bothered. Get the entrees, and they'll be delicious too, though you'll also wonder why you paid twice as much as a sandwich.

A cool place that I wouldn't be mind finding myself in again.
Cozy interior. Inviting atmosphere. Reminiscent of a mod wine cellar. 

The frites are excellent. Go for the white truffle and parmesan frites with black pepper and mushroom aiolis. Those were promptly devoured. 

If you're looking for a lighter appetizer option that delivers just as much fresh flavor, try the summer tomatoes with roasted garlic, fresh mozzarella, and balsamic vinaigrette. Yum.


As for entrees, we ordered:
Beef Barley Soup

Steak-frites...12oz flat iron steak, cabernet pan sauce, braised greens

Croque monsieur... nueske's applewood smoked ham, swiss, honey mustard & tomato w. cucumber and red onion

V burger...dry aged highland ground beef topped with beer battered onion straws, muenster cheese, spinach, tomato & aioli 

Avocado blt...on Madison Sourdough bread with pub chips

Grilled duck leg a l'orange...sweet roasted onions, citrus jus, garden to be greens


Every dish was wonderfully flavorful and I'd recommend each one.
This is my favorite place to go for beer--the only place I can get a La Chouffe Beer in Madison.  Have the frites!  The soups change frequently and are excellent.  I have had almost every entrée on the menu and I have not been disappointed yet.  

Only drawback is that it gets a little noisy-and they do not take reservations, so on a Thursday through Saturday, you need to get there early, or take a seat at the bar.
One of the few menus that I crave regularly.  Also one of the few restaurants that is consistently putting out good food.

Their aiolis are great and come with the frites and one (or both?) of their burgers.  Seriously, the frites are just a vessel to eat more aioli.  In fairness, the actual frites are good.

The croque monsieur is delicious. I wish I could recreate it at home!   I had a spectacular chocolate mousse dessert with candied almond slivers that was indulgent without being too sweet.  Don't overlook their dessert menu!
I can't speak for too many things on the menu here, as every time I've been here I'm seduced by the moules et frites. They aren't my favorite rendition in town, but they are deliciously, classically prepared, with plenty of golden, crispy fries (which will inevitably be snitched by your dining companions who've made other choices). On our last visit we also indulged in the cheese board, and the only problem with that is having to choose which of the many cheese selections to include (my favorite was the Ewe Calf to be Kidding). Of course, for the beer drinkers, there is a long list to choose from, but for those of us who prefer wine, the selection isn't half bad, either.
Brasserie V is pretty similar to the other modern, trendy dining locations in Madison.

The atmosphere is hip and lively, the food is wholesome and delicious (I'm looking at you, white truffle fries, pork ribs and duck breast), the wait inevitable and the prices fair.

However, what really makes this place stand out among the rest is their drinks menu. And by menu, I mean a short book. Yes, they basically have pages on pages on pages of the different kinds of brew they serve. I don't care if you're the most picky person on this planet when it comes to beer, but you WILL find something you like.

If you couldn't already tell, I'm a huge fan of their brew selection. Some of my favorites: Rochefort 10, Malheur, Schloss Eggenberg Samichlaus and the Konig Pilsener. And if you don't recognize any of these beers, then this place has definitely done their job correctly. 

Come here for the food, but stay for the draaanks!!
Amazing beer menu, great food, and I just love the atmosphere. The staff is very  attentive as well. I've been at Brasserie V only twice so far but plan to come back again soon. I do wish they would take reservations but at least they have two bars and the window seating to accommodate for a busy night.
Am I a poor college kid? Yes. Was I willing to splurge on beer and white truffle oil fries at Brasserie V? Hell yes.

With one of the widest selections of Belgian beers (and obscure, great beers in general), Brasserie V is a great choice for beer drinkers with discerning taste. Their normal French fries seemed delicious, but we sprung for the white truffle oil fries and it was SO WORTH IT. It's like eating happiness. Trust me.
I don't drink beer or eat meat, so I'm clearly missing the draw of this place. I like that they have Lindemans, but I don't think it is a great compliment to say a place has amazing frites (do people realize this just French for fries?). Yes, there are good fries and bad fries, but it doesn't take a brain surgeon to know how to smoke good ones (hint: start with whole potatoes, cut them). The chickpea appetizer was so oddly chewy, it gave me lockjaw. I don't like that you can't sit at a table unless you are ordering a meal, as sitting at the bar isn't conducive if you are with more than one person. It will take good company to get me back in here, as the food alone isn't going to do it.
This place specializes in grilled sandwiches and fancy Belgian beer. It is always busy and for very good reasons: Fine (and sometimes rare) beers, excellent food, and fast, friendly service. My favorites: mussels and frites, any sandwich (seriously, any sandwich), their Belgian-style burgers (caution: they use aoli). Five stars, no question.
I'm not a beer fan, but they have a list that will force you to find a favorite :-) I usually sneak in here for a quick lunch. I love their frites with aoli and  smoked turkey sandwich. Frites are perfectly fried Belgium fries served with 2 delicious aoli dips. The smoked turkey sandwich is delicious...like a party in your mouth.  I tried the V burger once - it was ok, nothing special.

This place is a must visit. My favorite bar in Madison, so far;-)
This is a gem in Madison. The food is always delicious and the service quick and friendly.
A special shout-out to lunch here! They have a full menu but you can get a half sandwich and a cup of soup for $7. This is homemade gourmet "Belgian" food. 
I had the smoked turkey with bacon, avocado and red-onion on sourdough sandwich; there was a great spicy mayo in there too. Plus a cup of the spicy Crawfish soup. YUUUM. Happy girl on a cold winter day. Or was it the glass of Pinot Grigio that made me happy?
I have also tried the BLT and the smoked salmon sandwich too. All fantastic.

If you have not tried their V (vee) burger- you must. as well as the moules/mussels (flown in every day).

You may have noticed, I resisted the frites (just watching the winter waistline)-- but YOU should get them. They are PERFECT.

As other reviews note- it can get very busy at dinner time- so plan accordingly.
You guys deserve 6 stars for the beer. Very knowledgeable, and one day I hope to get through 3 pages worth of beer on the list before it changes - doubt that is happening anytime soon. But a great place to stick to favorites, explore diverse tastes and be experimental with beer! Food is also good, so a plus. 
My favorite though, is to sit by the bar with H and explore the beer menu. 
A big shout out to the guys behind the bar - very friendly and helpful, plus you get most shots into the cork container!
Brasserie V has an enormous beer list that focuses on Belgian beers and obscure beers (although they have some of the usual suspects, too). The bar staff are super knowledgeable and can help you out if you have any questions. 

Brasserie also happens to have the best frites in Madison and a super flexible lunch and dinner menu. If you just want a sandwich and a water, you can get out for under $10. If you want to go big, there are plenty of options for that, too. 

The only downside to Brasserie is that it gets pretty busy at night, especially later in the week. They recently expanded, which has helped quite a bit, and there's often space at the bar. If you're headed there on a Friday at dinner time, though, expect to wait--especially if you've got a group.
We were there on 4-20 in the afternoon and 2 of us had the Seafood Rice soup. WTF???? How is is possible to make a soup so bland??? Did you break into a hospital & steal their soup recipes???? I haven't recently had surgery, I can handle spices... I swear!!!!  It wasn't just me, my cousin felt the same way. It was like cloudy water with 1 tiny shrimp and occasional carrots.

I also had the half a sandwich of turkey which I think when I said hold the dressing also meant hold the turkey. It had all the fixings and 1 tiny piece of lonely turkey. I was sad to eat it because it looked so tiny and fragile. 

My husband ordered the full sized turkey sandwich and wasn't quite sure what he got but he found it delicious enough not to say anything about it till after the meal.

We had the mussels and they were excellent with a superb taste (clearly not made by the person making hospital soup). Our server was also excellent, friendly, funny and on top of everything, so it was a bit confusing.
The beer selection is amazing! They have specific glassware from the maker for every beer I have had there. The mussels are really good and come with a huge thing of frites. Definitely have to share unless you are starving. The bartenders are really good with selections if you are overwhelmed by the 4-5 page beer list. They have some of the common beers from around town but I find it much more exciting to get a little adventurous. I highly recommend trying one of the two sour beers listed. I had bigger expectations for the goat cheese salad and it almost pushed me to a three star but I realized we didn't go there for a salad we went for the beer, mussels, and deviled eggs! All of which were spot on!
How have I not written a review for "The V" yet??? I've been here for a Yelp Elite event and many times as a plain 'ole civilian - every experience has been superb.

+ The new addition adds much needed and greatly appreciated space/elbow room

+ Love the chalkboards that share food specials and sources
+ Speaking of specials, they seem to run special deals several nights of the week, so be sure to check for them

+ The beer. Ermergahd - so much beer. Beautiful, lovely, diverse, beer. I don't know how many regions of the world are represented in their beer menu, but it has to outnumber the number of countries in NATO.

+ The frites. Legendary. Crispy, flavorful, and always perfect. Buttermilk chive aioli? Yes, please, and I normally hate aioli.

+ The mussels. Legendary + 1. 

+ The sandwiches. Perfectly griddled bread, topped with high quality ingredients, proportioned and positioned to compliment each other without overwhelming one another. Yum. The turkey sandwich, with its avocado, onion, tomato and lime aioli (see? there it is again - I normally hate the stuff, but it's so good here)... 

+ The staff, especially when sitting at the bar, is outstanding. Friendly, incredibly knowledgeable and helpful - what more could you ask for?

+ Pricing is very reasonable. We had a flight of beers (samplers), an appetizer, two bottles of beer, two sandwiches with add-on sides, and dessert. We spent less than we did at Liliana's the previous night (a nightmare of a last visit) and enjoyed ourselves 1000x more.

+ The beer. Seriously. 
+ They also have great wines.
+ And cheese boards.

Ok, I'm done. 
+ But really, the beer. Wow.
3.5 star. 

I would like to diverge from previous stellar reviews on Brasserie V. It is a good restaurant. Definitely the best place for moules, frites, and Belgian beers in Madison. No question it is doing well on these aspects. But there is much for Brasserie V to improve. 

I have lived in Brussels for a period of time, so I am particularly thrilled that Brasserie V offers me an opportunity to reminisce my good old times. The beer selection is really comprehensive. You can even get lambic beer here! Really a gem if you are a beer fan. 

The entrees were less impressive. We had Moules et Frites, Black Cod, Duck Confit, and Angel Hair pasta. 

As many have mentioned, moules and frites are good. But maybe I am biased by my previous food experience, I thought the moules are good, but I expect more from a restaurant. This might due the inland geography of Wisconsin, making it difficult to source the best quality mussels. I have had much better mussels elsewhere. Fries are good. But after being to a pig in a fur coat, I hesitate to call this the best fries in Madison. That said, I still Moules+frites is the best entree we ordered. 

Duck and cod are standard, but the portion is on the small side. I am not sure about the idea of having pasta in a broth, thus not a fan of the angel hair I ordered

I have experienced inconsistent service. Had a great conversation with a bartender in my first visit last year, but in second visit, i did not sense hospitality from the waitstaff.

With $30+ per person bill, I think Brasserie V is slightly overpriced. 

I still like the place, and hope for better experience in my next visit. Hopefully by then I would update my review to a 4 or 5 star.
We popped in here for a few drinks after dinner.  So I have yet to eat here.  However, I can not wait!

The service was impeccable.  The bartenders were fun, knowledgeable and fun to converse with.  

The beer list was amazing!  PAGES upon PAGES!  Decent prices for the beers as well.  A half liter for a German doppelbock was $6!  Wow!  

I had an Augustiner Helles which is nearly impossible to find in the states.  They have the glasses that match the beer and just overall delicious options.  Ciders?  Try the six pear ciders they have in bottles.
We were outrunning a derecho in my 2004 Saturn Ion, coming from Iowa County in the west.  Madison, home to a phenomenal restaurant scene, was where we stopped for lunch.

Brasserie V was open a little later in the afternoon on a Monday in June.  It had a super deep beer list, featuring not only Wisconsin's finest, but also many rare Belgian beers.  The frites were calling.

The frites here are perfect vehicles (unlike Saturn Ions) for the herby mayo and aoili that accompany them.  I also had a rich pastrami reuben with acidic apple salad.  Then we had to get back in the car to race the storm.

Brasserie V is one of Madison's great neighborhood restaurants.
Great frites and aioli . I eat lunch here weekly since I work nearby. The avocado BLT  is my favorite . They have great soups as well. They do not have hard liquor but they do have a huge assortment of beer and a decent assortment of wine. Hubby loves Belgian beer so he loves this place. Great and friendly service.
Heavenly after an exhausting day of pub hopping and castle mounting.

The interior was soothing, and the tables outside overlooked a steep, twisty street straight out of Trainspotting.

Add a steaming pot of herbal tea, pleasantly dressed yuppies, and accomodating waiters and you too will have sobered up in style!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Edinburgh.  

Ecco Vino is small and due to the tasty food and welcoming atmosphere, has been packed every time I've been there.  

The staff are incredibly nice and athough the service can be a bit slow, it's easy to see that they're working hard and the wait is simply because of the volume of customers.  

This is the kind of place you can come for a full meal or just drinks and starters.  I always share the mixed antipasti and the most amazing "salad" with crispy pancetta, sea salt and warm potatoes.  Yumyumyum.
Through its wooden latticed windows you'll often find flickering candles, couples chatting away and if you really squash your nose up against the window you'll see that the foods aesthetically pleasing too.  The wines in here are exceptional including a memorable Rioja and a deep, rich Montepulciano d'Abruzzo.  Dishes include a scrumptious platter of freshly baked breads accompanied by balsamic and olive oil dip. There's an equally tempting sweet potato and chorizo risotto that is easily complimented by the above wines. Prices are affordable and the staff strike the right balance of chattiness and attentiveness. Perfect for a date.
Being somewhat of a wine-connoisseur myself...HA!

I don't know too much about wine, but I know that you can make any glass of white ten times better by serving it chilled. Extra chillen. And Ecco Vino delivers. It's a great little wine bar just off the Royal Mile, and is my guilty pleasure on my way home from a hard days shopping. It's got a really comfortable atmosphere, and nothing about it feels pretentious, which is rare for Edinburgh. Their food is yummy too, I shared a small starter with my mum to line my stomach before a bottle of Sincere (cold, I might add) and desperately want to go back for a full meal.

Thoroughly recommend Ecco Vino!
OK so it's been well-established: there are few students who splash out on a meal at a restaurant. Granted there seems to be quite a few in Edinburgh in particular but this does not mean that the clients who aren't willing to bring out the plastic card aren't worthy of some sort of service! 

I came here with three friends to celebrate a birthday. The girl serving us gave a little huf when we hadn't booked a table (for a Wednesday at 6pm we didn't think there would be a rush) and seated us in a corner. Turns out this was her blind corner and proceeded to ignore us for the rest of the meal.  

Other than this, it's actually a lovely little restaurant, quite small though. Don't bother with the anti-pasti dish- it's a bit of a rip off, but the main courses are delicious and the atmosphere (apart from the waitress) was grand. It's actually a wine bar more than a restaurant and it would be ideal for a special date!
The only downside to Ecco Vino is that it's always busy, so if you don't get here early to secure your wine tasting seat, you might end up being disappointed and having to trundle off elsewhere. Situated on good old Cockburn Street, this is a fairly recent addition to the Cockburn hood, but has definitely been a popular one. 

I really rate the look of Ecco Vino, with its wooden wine cellar feel and European bar atmosphere to it. There is, of course, an extensive range of wines on the menu here, so if you're a bit of a connoisseur, or fancy yourself as one, then this is a brill place to come and try out different wines. The food is also super tasty and reasonably priced, with the menu including some Italian pasta options and the ever spot hitting Antipasti. Very, very cool.
Ecco Vino is a very classy wine bar/restaurant sitting nearby some older styles of pubs on Cockburn Street. It brings a touch of continental flavour to this part of Edinburgh, with its open bay windows, and contemporary interior. Wine lines the walls, and the dimmed lights make for a nice, easy going ambiance that takes you a step away from the busy throng of Edinburgh's city centre..

They have an aboslutely delicious menu available from lunchtime, where you can get anything from soup and a panini to mackeral salad (which is making me ravenous just thinking about how tasty it is). They also have some gorgeous spaghetti dishes, including one with capers and anchovies (so this place is winning me over by the second). They also have some less frilly options for those of you who don't like capers (seriously, how could you not?), and their cheese is supplied from the prestigious cheesemonger Iain Mellis.

There's a nice, refined and relaxed atmosphere in this restaurant. Even when it's raining it still gets a lot of business and is beautiful to sit in. They know their wines, and the wine list is detailed, informative and classy. They offer up very tasty whites, reds, rose and high quality champagne. Prices vary from 3.70 a glass to 50 pounds for a bottle of the really good stuff. If you can't be tempted by their wine specialities, there are chilled Kronenburg and Sam Miguel on tap.

It's the kind of place you can have a meet with friends, a business lunch or a memorable first date. Absolutely lovely.
Cor. I tell you, the dumbest idea I could have is go to a wine bar after a wine class, because 

a) I'm a swallower, not a spitter
b) I turned into Jilly Goolden
c) wine gets pricier the more you think you know about them (you can see some serious flaws now, can't you)

Hefty measures of wine, trying the Merlot, the Cabernet and the Rioja, followed by an entire bottle of Russian River chardonnay - which was rather delicious and ordered purely because I was feeling homesick for California. I didn't even include what my date drank. The bill wasn't pretty, but the bar was, even after I drunkenly knocked my glass over. It will be a wonder if they let me back on the premises, shame on me indeed.
Now we did a LOT of wining and dining during our stay in Edinburgh and Ecco Vino off Cockburn was by far my favourite.

The wine here is absolutely gorgeous. The menu goes on for miles and miles and miles. SO much to choose from and decide between. The food here was delicious and so fresh and seasonal as well. I devoured my plate of perfectly flavoured king prawns that were absolutely drenched in garlic. It was absolute perfection with my glass of Argentinian malbec the size of my dome. Man, I'm salivating just thinking about it all again...

The restaurant is quite small, but very intimate and tastefully decorated. Be sure to book, this place fills up fast. But it has a lovely ambiance and a wonderful buzzing feel to it in the evening time. 

I was not able to try dessert here, but I must say whatever chocolate cake they had on the menu looked like a piece of heaven.
I wish we could have eaten here.

We got to Ecco Vino just after they'd finished serving food. We were so unlucky with out timing that they were still preparing the food of the people who'd got there 5 minutes before we had. So there we were, sat in this lovely little bar-come-eaterie, surrounded by the tantalising smells of garlic and cheeses, watching others eat, whilst we were starving! Oh well, we'll have better luck next time.

Where we missed out on food, we made up for in wine. What a fantastic selection. Some by the glass, and some by the bottle. I treated myself to some delicious Malbec.

Cosy, rustic décor, and really friendly staff, make this an ideal spot for a quick bite to eat or whiling away the hours stating into the bottom of your glass.

And yes, the food looked delicious.
I've had many a good evening (and afternoon) in Ecco Vino and I have to say that it has been one of my favourite places to eat and drink during my time in Edinburgh ... although not always easy to get in.

The food is great for sharing and the wine is great .. goes without saying.

The staff always seem knowledgable and friendly, and there's a generally good atmosphere.
A popular bar on Cockburn Street, just off the Royal Mile, is not where I expected to find a table immediately at 8pm on a Saturday night peak-Festival season But that's exactly what happened at Ecco Vino.

I'd been wanting to go for a while now. It's fairly central, not huge inside, but with an amazing selection of wine and I'd heard good things about the food. As I said, it was peak Festival time on a Saturday night and everyone and their dog was looking for somewhere to get some food.

After attempting to queue at other restaurants and being told waiting time was 30 minutes minimum, we thought we'd try our luck and just kept wandering. Viva Mexico 20 metres up the road had a 45 minute wait time. It was also raining (just to add to the scene, and emphasise just how good it would be go to get a dry, warm seat and food).

We peered into Ecco Vino to see it full but with no queue. Hurrah! And when we asked about wait time for a table, there was one for us there and then. It appears those extra 20 metres walk were too far for the tourist crowds.

I didn't try the wine this time, unfortunately, but the Antipasti of smoked salmon was really delicious. Fresh salmon, a generous portion. My friend, Val, had a big bowl of spaghetti with chorizo and other delicious things. She kindly let me try it. It really was nice.

The menu isn't huge. A few antipasti options like soup, salmon, and the sharing plate, and the mains are mainly pasta options. It's a bar really, with the kitchen visibly behind the bar, so go here for the wine and have a wee bowl of pasta on the side - don't come here for a "dinner".

The staff were really friendly, and despite obviously frazzled from long shifts with many Festival goers, were friendly and quick with their service.

A perfect bar for a cosy winter's evening, with the dark wood, and shelves lined with wine. I can't wait to go back to try that either!
Adorable wine bar with really good food. We came here for lunch, so there was no crowd...
The spaghetti with anchovy in chili tomato sauce was really yummy. 
Good service and ambience too
A true culinary artist. I loved this place. The service was great and the good awesome. The Scottish salmon was great and the pasta with chili and anchovies ( Putinesca ) was the best I have ever had. This chef is a superstar
Ecco Vino is the perfect place to cosy up and drink wine. And, as that is one of my favourite things to do, I rather like Ecco Vino! I have extremely fond (if wine-hazed) memories of spending my birthday afternoon here last winter while the outside world slowly disappeared under mounds of snow.

I've been here a few times before and since the birthday visit and have never been disappointed. Lovely food, great choice of wine and friendly, attentive staff. I'm a big fan of their antipasti and any of the spaghetti dishes, my low-carb friend loves the aubergine bake.

With its dark wood decor and tiny cosiness I can't really imagine going there in the summer... but as we don't really get one in the UK that's hardly a problem!
Popped in here at lunchtime on Wednesday. I've eaten and drunk here before in the past so expected it to be as reliable as previously and we weren't disappointed. I rather overreached myself by ordering the very tasty (and largely proportioned) carrot and ginger soup followed by the Italian sausage & cannelini bean stew but managed to do it justice (just). Service was friendly and competent and the whole experience good vfm. No wine consumed this time but they have a very good range of the stuff.
I never thought I'd be a wine bar kind of guy. I'm still not sure that I am. But I went to this wine bar and I liked it. And then I went again. And again. So there you have it. The thirty-something bloke doth protest too much, methinks.

Ecco Vino is best described as a wine bar but you could consider it a café or even an informal restaurant. You can just pop in for a couple of drinks or you can have a light bite (like sharing an antipasti plate) or have a starter and main just like anywhere else. They don't take bookings, so that keeps it fairly casual, although that can be a pain when you want to meet people there and don't know if you'll get a table.

The style of the food is modern Italian. Antipasti obviously, with a selection of salads and pastas but not your usual chequered tablecloth standards. More like chorizo, peppers and tomato or salami, mushroom and rocket. 

It fills a niche in the Edinburgh dining scene, hitting the spot when you want a couple of drinks and nibbles or something light but you're not sure what kind of place you're looking for. Not quite a bar or a restaurant, somewhere with a bit of class but not stuffy (I was going to say "just like me" but I already used that line in my last review - I really need to update my material), centrally located so you can go before or after some other engagement. Stop beating around the bush, you're looking for a wine bar. And so, I guess, am I.
Now, I do know that a plate of meat, cheese and olives isn't a balanced meal. Even if there's some (fried) aubergine and courgette in pretty curls, it's not going to win any nutritional awards. But boy, it's heaven. What better way to while away an evening than drinking wine in a wood-lined cosy room, talking with friends and sharing a plate of antipasti? 

The food and wine at Ecco Vino is just top notch - everything they serve is great quality, and served by friendly staff. And if the antipasti is too bad for you, they do amazingly delicious salads, too...
A simply perfect little wine bar with amazingly delicious food (not a huge menu but an adequate choice) and an extensive wine list. The staff are friendly and chilled and the atmosphere relaxing, comfortable and unhurried. Always great background music that is not in your face. Oh and they serve the best bruschetta I have ever had with a variation on the usual tomato and mozarella.
I really like Ecco Vino, and in particular it's ever changing specials board. I ordered two very good dishes from it. Food was accompanied by typically good wine. I was very happy with it.

Overall, we said: "I was very pleased with Ecco Vino. It served me two really good dishes, and though they had their faults, they still provided me with a high quality lunch. In addition, a smart pub setting and helpful service make this place a very attractive offering. I'd recommend you pay it a visit, soon"
I found this place for dinner in Edinburgh because I know how much the other half loves wines and wine bars. A friend had suggested quite a few places for dinner, but none of them seemed overly exciting to him, so we came here.

We came in on a Thursday night around 6:30 and the place was already quite busy. For me, that's a sign of a good place! We were seated at a table, and quite soon afterwards a large party came in, so we all shifted around to give them more seating (which turned out to be a HUGE mistake). 

We started with a bottle of English white wine and a cheese plate. It consisted of three cheese. We chose it over the meat and cheese plate solely because that one contained manchego and gorganzola. Both nice cheeses, but nothing special. One of the people at the other table really wasn't paying any attention to anything around her except chatting while trying to get up, so she knocked a bottle of water over onto our cheese plate. They did end up getting us another cheese plate (which hey, it might have been cheese overload, but oh well), which consisted of four cheeses instead of three. And two of them were different. It's a bit strange that they opted to give us the manchego and gorganzola on the second plate in place of one of the cheeses, but maybe they were out.

We then ordered some Italian red wine and the spaghetti with salami in a garlic cream sauce and the ham risotto. It took awhile due to the large table next to us, but we weren't in a hurry so we just enjoyed our wine. The mains were good. We also split the sticky toffee pudding at the end with some port, and that was probably the least good thing of the night. It wasn't sticky enough for me!

The table of twelve next to us kind of ballooned into around 20 by the end. It was a bit too much for such a small restaurant. I kind of wish they told them they couldn't accommodate such a large party, but I don't even think they thought it was going to get as big as it did! 

The owner (I think he was the owner, who knows?) came up to us at the end, and he started talking with us a bit about wine. He said we had good taste and picked some of the better wine on the menu. That's always a pleasant surprise!
We discovered this charming place on our last day in Edinburgh...otherwise, it may have been the only restaurant we ate at during the entire visit. The atmosphere is very warm and cozy, and they have an extensive wine list, plus a nice selection of dishes.

Our waitress was very friendly and attentive from the moment we walked in...she even offered tips on where to eat when we continued our journey to London.

We started with the cheese plate (from a local artisan) and bowl of olives. Our mains were a Parma ham and leak gnocchi, and Chorizo and red pepper spaghetti. We enjoyed both courses with an excellent Primitivo. We were completely satiated, and the bill only came to 50 pounds!!!
Just found this place on our last day in Edinburgh. Went inside for a hot Italian sausage sandwich and latte. Both lovely. Even though it was only 11am, the atmosphere inside was very cosy. Would definitely eat here again for lunch or dinner.
A lovely hidden gem of a wine bar - one of my favourites! This tends to be one of my go-to places for a first date (oo-er!) or a catch up with friends over a vino (or several) and casual food. The food menu is small, mainly oiives/bread, pasta and antipasti, however I had a lovely Italian sausage & bean stew during my last visit which did exactly what it said on the tin! 

Would I recommend this to anyone looking for a fabulous meal in Edinburgh? No. But I would definitely recommend this as a must-visit place for some casual nibbles & fabulous wine.
I loved this place....the prawns (with heads on) in lemon and garlic sauce was magnifique and the wine is excellent!
Kleine Weinbar mit leckerer Karte von Kleinigkeit bis Hauptgericht. Die von uns bestellten Gerichte waren großartig, der Wein auch. Was will man mehr!
Wine bars in Edinburgh are peculiar places as they always seem to be tucked away on the quieter streets or under bridges and Ecco Vino is one of those too!

Great wine list - selections to suit all budgets. I was here for a post Doors Open Day glass of vino which turned out to be a bottle between 3 once we saw the wine of the month was a cheeky little Picpoul. Tasty and it went down too well, we resisted temptation to order another bottle. Service was great and we were under no pressure to vacate our table, so we had a lovely gossipy, catch up time, savouring food and wine.

I didn't have food but the dessert portions look very generous and the seafood looks very good and cooked perfectly. I'll definitely return  and next time, I'll be settling in for some nibbles and some more vino.
I discovered this gem from fellow reviewers and you didn't disappoint. Great wine list, superb service, and an excellent stocked kitchen that catered to my gluten free needs. And if you're there a day when the stew is the special... Order it! Perfect end to a cold day!
Had a nice seat outside on a sunny day and a couple of drinks with snacks. The anti-pasti was so disappointing with a really odd aubergine thing that looked horrid and tasted of absolutely nothing, not even aubergine. Hot little potatoes, cold peppers, 2 small slabs of tallegio (hardly a 'cheese selection') and some pretty poor quality sliced meats. The chorizo tasted strange too. We had to pay extra to get some bread with it too. An anchovy salad fared better with the addition of avocado but was 75% rocket. The bruschetta was ok too, though again, 75 % rocket. We were sat with the oily slate board (still with weird aubergine) and our plates for about half an hour before someone cleared it. I like going to Ecco Vino but I think in future I will just do drinks...
We stumbled across this place on our trip to Edinburgh for a late night dinner and was not disappointed. The waiter promptly informed us there was only one chef that night and the wait may be longer for food, but it wasn't bad at all. Portions were large and a reasonable price for Edinburgh. Just under 10 pounds for a giant bowl of pasta. My sister got the leek broccoli risotto and raved about it as well. Worth stopping in, very delicious !
On our visit to Edinburgh, we were going tired of pub food and wanted Italian. We just happened to stumble into this place as another Italian place wasn't open nearby. We were told that it may take awhile to get our food as they were short staffed but since we weren't starving we decided to stay. The service was a bit slow but I didn't think it was any slower than other places in the UK. I ordered a glass of wine and the risotto of the day which was a broccoli, leek, and Gorgonzola risotto. It was delicious! It was a little greasy but I assume that was from the massive amounts of cheese in it. I would definitely try this place again on my next trip to Edinburgh.
Occupying what used to be Nicolson's (where some of Harry Potter was apparently penned) this is a welcome change back from the site's most recent use as a Chinese buffet restaurant. The space is well lit, particularly by the setting sun at this time of year, and furnished in an understated yet quirky fashion.


 The service is prompt and pleasant and the range of wines well priced, ranging from £10.95 to around the £25 mark. Unusually for a modest establishment of this sort they stock a dessert wine but that's to be commended.


 Opting for the pre-theatre menu (£9.95 for two courses, £12.95 for three) my starter of potted duck was an ample size although more than one pickle would have been an improvement. My companion's soup of the day was pronounced a success although I've forgotten the flavour. Our main courses of skirt steak with champ & braised onions and baked feta with beetroot, blood orange and chick peas were both great (NB - this was a starter deliberately ordered as the second course) and the cheese board (brie, manchego and a soft blue) is the first I've had in a long time where the proportion of biscuits to cheese was spot on (if only Qype would award half stars that alone would have been enough for one).


 I can readily see myself revisiting here soon.
The original Spoon used to be a gorgeous little café, perfect for meting friends or wasting a sunday afternoon eating cake.

Then they moved to Nicolson Street and tried to turn themselves into a bigger, bistro-style place, and I don't think they've really pulled it off. Being opposite the Festival Theatre means they do have a good pre-theatre menu in the evenings offerings a choice of three different starters/mains/desserts, which is really good value at £12.95 for 3 courses or £9.95 if you can only fit in 2.

But what they've lost in the new Spoon is the cosy, inviting atmosphere that there was in the old place. Where they've tried to be stylish and minimalist, they've ended up being clinical and cold.

It all depends what you want, personally when I go out to eat the thing I care most about is the food and not the décor. But if you're sitting with someone who clearly has their priorities the other way round, and so will not stop whingeing about it, it does end up ruining your meal.
Spoon Cafe is a trendy little Bistro located across from the Festival Theatre. My Dad took me here a couple of months ago before we went to see Scottish Ballet at the theatre, so perfect for the pre-theatre menu. The restaurant has an almost laid back, student feel to it while still trying to be quirky and sophisticated with it's mismatched chairs, bookcases and lamps. 

My Dad and the rest of our party all had the pate and sour dough bread for starters, which came in a cute little pot. I sampled some and was instantly jealous, giving me high hopes for the main. Firstly, the pre-theatre menu had very little choice so I felt I kind of "lumped" for my main of ham, egg and chips. Of course it was done in a very chic way with approximately 4 hand cut chips positioned perfectly on the plate. It was nice, but it was so damn salty that I couldn't finish it. I didn't add salt to the dish but the chef clearly added it by the bucket load.

I was the only one to have dessert, a clementine jelly. It was refreshing and sweet, quite delicious really. 

This restaurant has the potential to be so much better. I'm stuck between three and four stars, so I am going to be generous and give them four due to it's reasonably priced pre-theatre menu and location.
I'd heard several people rave on about Spoon and decided to finally visit when with my mother after she helped me move into a new flat nearby. I was initially impressed with Spoon. It was a large spacious cafe bistro, with interesting pictures with chairs imprinted with maps and pages from comics. It had a sort of a tidy "bits and bobs" feel. I was also impressed by the friendly waitress. It was a big improvement from the Chinese buffet house that used be here.

From then on it went downhill. The menu was small, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but there was little for vegetarians. I wanted to have soup with something else but my only options were basically soup with mushrooms or some mushroom quiche. In the end I just went with the soup. Hoping it would be enough to at least temporarily fill me up, I was given one of the measliest bowls of soup ever with a  little slice of bread. It tasted okay, all two sips of it. Maybe this place is named after its maximum portion size. A spoonful. I had heard this place was inexpensive (one of the reasons I was excited) for what you got but it wasn't, and my wallet was all the lighter for it.

What I thought was a simple, cheap place to grab some filling lunch was a disappointing experience. I left almost as hungry as when I went in. 

The only other problem about this place is you are only allowed to eat with spoons. Nothing else. Even the steak. Spoons only. Okay that's a lie. But I do feel like I might as well have pocketed some of the cutlery with me to make up my money's worth.

I have since heard from others that this place has gone down hill a bit, that it used to be cheaper and the portions bigger. Maybe the recession hit it hard. Maybe it will improve again. Maybe I will try again one day and just ask for coffee.
Spoon Cafe Bistro is a quirky and pretty neat place to eat. Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Spoon Cafe Bistro is just across the road from the main University campus George Square and is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach. 

It looks pretty small and poky from the outside, but it is really spacious and open inside with wooden floors and lots of spaces between the tables which doesn't make it feel cramped and crowded. They have a selection of home made cakes, pastries and antipasti style dishes available. Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers soups, salads and cooked meals such as sausages for lunch, which cost about six pounds each. I come here quite a lot between my classes for a snack and a coffee, and I always have one of their home made cakes which are really beautiful, especially the chocolate brownie which is really light and fluffy which chunks of chocolate in it - yum! 

Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers a very sophisticated dinner menu, if a bit short, which includes braised pork, squid and aubergine stew. I think sometimes they are trying to make themselves look more posh than they really are, but the food they produce is really gorgeous.
Spoon Cafe is a great place to go for lunch on Nicholson Street.  I came across it with some friends earlier this year and we came away satisfied that we'd had a tasty, filling meal with quick service.  As soon as we walked in the staff made us feel welcome and sat us at a table right away.
The menu doesn't just have the usual soups and sandwiches, but also some more interesting dishes like smoked chicken salad.  I went for the wild boar sausages which were served with stewed peppers.  Our meals seemed to take no time to arrive and tasted amazing when they did, costing only about £6 each.  
I definitely recommend Spoon Cafe for great food and service at reasonable prices.
I visited for the first time last Saturday. I had a very pleasant dining experience. The staff are very friendly. The wines by the glass are very good. We both opted for ham shank with mash and roasted parsnip.
Good idea to order maybe a side of green veg. We were too full up for dessert. Will definitely go back .

Also we sat by the window so had nice views out to the busy street.
Stopped in for a coffee with a friend earlier today, and I must say that I did not expect what I saw at Spoon.  I have read many a review of the place and of course walked by it several times.  From the outside, it seems so unattainable.  It is a cafe situated on top of a cafe.  It almost seemed intimidating, like it was saying: "Yeah, we're a cafe... but are you located 5 meters above ground level?  That's what I thought. Peasant!"  The pleasant looking plants in the windows didn't help the "not a college student atmosphere" vibe it was putting out.

I was shocked, however, upon entering to find a spacious cafe catering to a wide demographic (by "wide demographic" I don't mean "fat people"... sorry fat people).  When you enter, you walk up a set wide stairs (sorry fat stairs) which ends with a series of old glass windows which time has rendered wavy and hard to see through.  From there you enter a vast expanse of... erm... well cafe.

It's a seat yourself kind of deal, with tables in a variety of sizes and shapes and newspaper coveredness.  It has kind of a quirkiness to it that makes you feel right at home instantly.  (Oh, it doesn't.... that's just me?  *Sobs quietly to self*)

Now, people have been raving about the prices, and I won't disagree... mostly because I can't.  I only had a coffee, which ran me about £1.95.  I've had much cheaper coffee, but then again I've also had much crappier coffee.  So it's not the cheapest cup o' joe in the city, sue me (don't), but the atmosphere and quality make up for the inflated price tag, I feel.
OK, this review has a slightly positive bias because I am a HUGE Harry Potter nerd and Spoon Cafe Bistro is located in the former Nicolson's Cafe, where JK Rowling first started penning her masterpiece.  So if, like me, you are a fan of the HP series and are also having a touristy day/weekend in Edinburgh, this is an excellent choice for lunch as it has a direct link to that beloved series and is also handily just a 1/2 mile from Edinburgh Castle.  

Now, if this had just been a regular place without the patina of JK Rowling's presence giving it that extra magical glow (pun most definitely intended), I would probably have only rated it 3 stars, because the cost to food ratio just doesn't add up.  The individual options are pretty inexpensive but there is not much on the plate, and so you have to order a few things to feel satisfied.  This means lunch will probably cost you about £10 to £15 if you want to achieve proper fullness.  And you do, if you've been tromping about the castle and are preparing for some more tromping down the Royal Mile and up to Arthur's Seat.  

However, it is an amiable little spot, with big bright windows, subtly kooky furnishings, plenty of seating, lovely service and very tasty food.  While all those things do much to recommend the place, if you are not a mega-HP fan like myself you might leave a little miffed (and hungry) about the small portion sizes.
I have lunch here about once a fortnight, and occasional pre-theatre dinners (it's very handy for the Festival Theatre). The food is simple but nice with a good variety and plenty of original ideas - the printed menu changes frequently, and there are always dishes of the day listed on the chalkboards. Service is always friendly, but speed can be erratic and sometimes ridiculously slow.


 The decor is fun with an odd mix of secondhand tables & chairs and random bric-a-brac scattered about. The period windows are very elegant, but don't sit near them in winter as the old steel frames and single glazing can let in a lot of icy air! But for goodness sake don't replace them with anything modern. The large tables and excellent coffee seems to encourage a regular clientele of students with their laptops - I suspect the place has WiFi, but I've not checked that.


 Certainly happy to revisit again and again.
I will say it loud and proud... 

I like coffee more than alcohol.
I like reading more than going to a pub (on a weeknight).
I like food more than making out with a stranger. 
I like having my face burned by hot oil more than going to a nightclub.

I'm 30. I am a grandma. I like grandma things, like tea in bed while watching my 'programs'. I like simple egg sandwiches and scones. I like weird fresh lime sodas that the kids don't think are delicious.  I like keeping a spare band-aid handy, just in case. I like flowery patterns and sun filled rooms with big tables and fresh flowers.

So, decidedly, I lu-uh-uhve this place. 

Now, admittedly I didn't eat much, just a lovely egg sandwich cooked to perfection with hot sauce on some fresh baked bread. I had a sip of the ice coffee, and a bit of a latte, and a fresh lime soda! All very posh feeling, all a little bit pricey. 

Screw expensive, I'm willing to throw down an extra .50p for a giant sun-filled room where I actually get a table and they don't bribe me to take away my coffee just so there's extra room in the cafe (I'm talking to you Black Medicine, you who I so dearly love). 

There's huge tables! Couches! Books! Board games! And it's quiet enough to read, enjoy a coffee and sit for as long as you like without feeling like an asshole who's taking up a table. 

The service was pretty excellent too, although I like my servers to be slightly less attractive so I feel like I can bring a date there. This place is definitely a friend-only, study alone place. 

It's an amazing, wonderful, delicious, beautiful, perfect grandma friendly - BUT NOT grandma exclusive - place.
We figure we caught it on a bad day, during hectic Festival service, but it didn't really float our boat. We summed it up as: "willing to revisit Spoon, outside of festival time, to see whether we just caught them on a bad day. We could completely see how a hearty bowl of something or other on a wintry day, in this setting, would be great. It's just a shame that today's sheltering from the "summer rain" didn't realise more joyous results"
Why has it taken me so long to spend a lazy Sunday in Spoon, warming up with a delicious soup and mellowing out to random live jazz?

You could easily walk past Spoon and not notice it's there as it's only a wee door with stairs up to the first-floor café. But looks can be deceiving. Head up there and you'll walk into what I imagine the tea-room dance-halls of old to feel like, except scattered with chairs and tables. It's big. It's full of wooden tables and chairs. There's a kids play area. There are plenty windows. There are delicious cakes and friendly staff.

Snuggling up by the radiators and windows, you'd feel quite far away from the usual rather random hub-hub of Nicholson Street below. My one and only regret is Spoon doesn't have comfy couches, but perhaps if it did the customers would never leave. So it was a kitchen-table style set up for me and my girl-date.

It was 12noon on a Sunday so there was a choice of the breakfast or lunch menu. It's not hugely extensive, and the regular paper menu covers all the basic breakfast options of filled rolls, porridge, yoghurt and granola with some soup and others to cover lunch, but there are daily specials on the chalk board that seemed more substantial.

I pipped for the chorizo, bean and tomato soup whilst my date had the egg roll. And wow, that soup. (See uploaded photo). I usually avoid soups at cafés as they can be so hit or miss. More often than not they appear as blended, watered down veggie things. Not my soup at Spoon. It was more like a chunky broth with giant chunks of delicious chorizo, lovely beans and loads of veg. I felt health flowing into me as I ate it.

My date's egg roll actually gave me food envy despite my own soup was so lovely. The roll itself looked really nice, like a ciabatta, and came with two fried eggs inside.

It was quiet when we got there at 12noon but my 2pm it was hustling and bustling with small children wandering past our tables, gatherings of friends, and like I said impromptu two-piece live jazz in the corner. That was awesome (and again I bemoan the lack of seats).

I think they're open later for evenings as well. I love the idea of coming here in the evening to chill with some tea and good friends, and maybe more live jazz?
I love the space which this cafe/restaurant is set in. It's a great place to meet friends for a drink and there's even a large table which I've seen used by what looked like a book club.

The food is generally good although not always consistent.

Great place to grab a bite before a show at Festival Theatre, just let them know if you have time constraints. 

Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
I really, really do enjoy this little cafe, tucked away above the ever-busy South Bridge.

Hard to find and equally hard to leave, this place will have you wanting to curl up by the fire with a good book and a strong cup of tea. There's something to be said for staring whistfully out a window on a Sunday afternoon. 

And hey, if said whistful staring just so happens to include a bacon roll, who am I to complain?

The chairs, the tables with their old maps, the room-divider, the neutral white colours and the lovely old-fashionedness of it all, right down to the last house-plant, has warmed my cold little heart. I really do adore this place, the quirk of it, and the tea-ness of it.

I would strongly recommend this, for that afternoon where you find yourself needing something a little bit more quiet, a little bit different, perhaps a little bit more ... dare I say it, .. Victorian.

Oh, the good old days.
I love it. I love it, love it, love it.

That's not a song but it kinda sounds like it could be right?! Anyway, I'd only been here during the day previously and liked it. I was here last night for their Burns' Turns supper and by candelight, with live music and a room full of delightfully merry people, a wine list, drams of whisky, and delicious haggis (and even more delicious cranachan) I actually wanted to move in. Could I have this as my living room / open plan studio flat please?

The ambience, the candelight, the large amount of windows that look out onto the less -than-pretty Nicholson Street but still make it look pretty. The friendly, homely, family-run-feel staff. The cranachan (again).

It's open till 10pm I think, and they have beer, wine and food. And hot chocolate. And the food is good. And I think I'm going to move in. Sigh.
This is very nice quiet cafe to go with some friends on any day.  The staff is not very fast but the environment and the decor is nice.
the coffee is a cracker. the flat white came in a cute retro cup of the perfect size. milk texture was lovely and soft and the temperature perfect. it was strong, round and complex without any residual bitterness. loved it. on the a-list.
I love this place, I really do so it pains me to say anything negative about it, but I must admit: the service is below par. They're just .. really, really slow. You can easily stand beside the counter for a couple of minutes waiting for a table, and then have someone pop over to you asking if they can help you with anything (in a slightly puzzled look). Well, since there's a sign asking me to wait to be seated, yes you can!

But the thing that really bothered me the last few times I was here was the lack of hygiene, spotty subject, I know. But when I find dust in my teacup, we've got an issue, and I don't just mean a cleaning issue. We've got a caring issue.
I love this place, but in order for it to be great, the staff must love it as well and take care of it as if it's their own.

Now, this might just have been the winter blues for the past 2 months but come on people, step up your game! I'm rooting for you here!
I've visited Spoon a few times during the day now, and I've decided I'm definitely a fan. 

I like the quirky interior decorations, the mish mash of old school furniture and the whimsical paintings on the walls. Even a visit to the loos is fascinating, with old 1970s women's adverts plastered on the toilet doors and walls proclaiming that a modern woman can look 40, so long as she doesn't let the wrinkles show. What the?! 

I had a lovely plate of lentil soup, served with a good helping of brown bread and butter on my latest visit. The soup was very tasty and I enjoyed every last drop. I shared a plate of home made chips, which were also very nice. 

As for service, I was there with a few other people and we were very happy chatting away, so I didn't notice the relaxed (some say SLOW) service from staff. They were pleasant and friendly so all in all I've had several good experiences here. I'd happily recommend.
If I was studying in Edinburgh, I think I'd find myself here between lectures and the like. I went with a friend who had nothing but good things to say. The style of the cafe is so very divine - there's a vintage chic feel about it. It feels like the sort of place I could easily spend hours studying over a green tea and then forget about my lecture because I became so enamoured with the place. 

It has a very relaxed feel and I like the fact that everyone seemed busy, preoccupied - reading books, working away. I had the thai fish and coconut soup as it's something I normally wouldn't consider. It was absolutely delicious! The elderflower juice was also great! 

The clincher for me has to be dessert. What a delicious carrot cake! My favourite cake of all the cakes and it most certainly didn't disappoint! Service wasn't the quickest and one star has to be knocked off for the price. It was a little expensive for an everyday lunch. But I'd say Spoon is more of a treat. It certainly is special!
So I might be stoned by die-hard Spoon fans but I have to speak my mind. I am not a huge fan. 

Probably the strangest bistro I've ever been to, but that's not the problem. I am usually a big fan of strange. The interior is confused, mixing vintage with urban decor in a spacious informal environment. There are couches and board games trying to marry a modern dining experience. 

The service is slow and the menu is 'seasonal' which is often code for 'limited'. In this case it is, with lunch being difficult for those who aren't fans of fish or pork. Though hear the vegetarian options are nice, they are expensive. In fact, you won't leave this place without shelling out a good  £15 easy (with a drink), for a mediocre lunch and a chance to sit at a 'cool' wooden table. Plus the portions are pretty small and not hugely filling. I don't mind spending a bit extra for locally inspired, creative food, but it should make an impact and I don't find that to be the case here.

Meh, not my thing.
I love this place! The white coffee with soy milk is awesome. In addition the workers there are super nice and easy to talk to.
I met a friend for lunch today at Spoon Cafe and she suggested it since it has a great Old Town location that is super convenient and she said she had had a really nice dinner here. When I looked at the menu before going, I thought things seemed a tad on the expensive side for lunch. When I arrived, I was won over by the great ambiance of the place - it feels like a rustic French kitchen with bare wood floors, a large and open room, and tap water served in big old jugs. I just went for the soup of the day, which was a delicious sweet potato, pear, and chilli soup served with homemade wheat bread. It was all delicious, even if a tad spicy with all those chillies! For what it was, it seemed a bit of a small serving for soup for £4.50 but it was excellent. Everything else was a bit expensive for just a lunch I thought, but I did like the feel of the place except that the service wasn't anything to write home about since the staff weren't particularly friendly or attentive. Also, my other small gripe was that it seemed a bit noisy. This place seemed to attract lots of noisy kids today (I guess it is half-term, though). Perhaps it is better on a normal basis. I would think that Spoon Cafe has a very different ambiance at night compared to during the day. I enjoyed the sunny windows and think I would definitely come back for coffee, or perhaps for lunch.
I cant really make a rank of the cafe between these around the George Square. Spoon, Brew Lab, Peter's Yard and even the starbucks next to the sainsbury are all my first choice. 
Spoon have two areas, one for drinking and casual talk, another one for food. i tried the food once, which is nice but still not good price for a student lunch. but i go to Spoon to meet friends and have drinks often, and sometimes order a piece of cake. the cakes of Spoon must be mentioned because they have different selections each time you went to. so that means their cakes are fresh made everyday. 
The drinks are lovely, especially the hot chocolate,which is made from the real dark chocolate. You can tell it from the taste. 
i love the inside decoration of spoon so much. i love every detailed stuff of it. :)
definitely a good choice for meeting friends or just stay there alone yourself.
The staff here were unbelievably rude to me and my friends when we visited. The food was delicious if a bit expensive but I was really disappointed by the attitude of one particular staff member who must have been having a bad day. Another friend ate here recently and had a similar experience so despite the beautiful decor and delicious fare I don't think I will be going back for a while.
This bistro is nice!!!!! I had the Goats Cheese Salad and my friend had the thai pork soup! Reallt friendly service and gorgeous decor!
Really cosy atmosphere interesting bits and bobs dotted around the place
Delicious lentil soup and the best hot lemon and ginger just what was needed for a sore throat
Drinks and pudding were delicious. My friends whom I joined were very happy with their savoury choices. We stayed late because the atmosphere is inviting and chilled. I look forward to sampling all parts of the menu next time. Spoon is hidden, being up all those stairs, however, it has a friendly feel and is a great shout for quality food in comparison to it's next door neighbours which are true for their value to money.
Although the interior presents a rather aesthetically challenging mix of items that were once found on the street on garbage day, the place is positively unique in many ways.  This also includes their employees; there is a woman working who seems unreal, Betty Page coming to life.  Unfortunately, some of their male staff have extensive flavour-savers in their faces, perhaps a bit too much beard for someone working in food service?  One wonders what kinds of things might fall out of them would one slap these dudes slightly on the back of the head.

They serve rather sophisticated dishes that are not pretentious, but intelligently designed and professionally executed.  So far I have not had anything that did not please me or my dining companions.  The Spoon is therefore the place to which we usually drag visitors to our little scientific operation at The UofEd.  Their menu balances well the orthogonal desires of herbivores and carnivores, and they have a passable collection of wines by the bottle.  It seems that their beer comes in bottles only, but I am not fully sure about this. 

Because the place is upstairs, they do not tend to get a lot of random traffic, and there are also not so many students shaking it up.  The atmosphere is nice, but sometimes a bit darkened by the tasteless furniture.  Being "vintage" does not automatically bless an item with beauty.
A perfect spot for a pleasant weekend morning breakfast. Full of quirky fabrics and table decorations, Spoon offers a nice menu of traditional breakfast drinks and meals. Our waitress was very helpful, friendly, and attentive. Definitely just a good, reliable place if you're looking for an easy breakfast spot.
Have had a tremendously  lovely time. Pretheatre menu magnificent. Can't wait to go again.
The food is really good, not that vegetarian food is terribly hard, but not many people take the care to make it terribly good. The ambience is kinda rustic diner, which is the only reason I give it 4 stars- because it didn't seem to want me to sit alone for the hours I was there with my amazing fish dinner. The servers and staff are all exceedingly nice, and I love tipping American style for that. Bravo. w
So, I've been to Spoon a couple of times now and have arrived at a definite 3 stars.

The setting is lovely. Lots and lots of tables and mismatched chairs giving a nice eclectic homey feel. Very friendly staff too. 

The most recent time there was a pretty long wait (an hour) until our food arrived and little attention whilst waiting which was a shame.  However we were a large group and there was another large group in so perhaps were a bit busy. 

Food rather mediocre but good enough. Won't be in a hurry to return but wouldn't be totally disappointed to go again - if you know what I mean?
Spoon is one of those places that I tend to forget about when I'm in this part of Edinburgh (which is quite often); perhaps because its first-floor location is accessed via a very unassuming staircase off Nicholson Street that is easy to walk past. 
However, it really is deserving of more attention as the food is really rather good and definitely sets this place way above other eateries in the vicinity (did you see what I did there?).

The décor seems like it's trying to create a vibe that's somewhere between a 60's kitchen and living room, being an eclectic mix of 60's furniture, mis-matched tables and chairs, standard lamps and those wire coatstands with plastic ends. It's errr... shall we say funky?

Spoon's pre-theatre menu is excellent value for money, with 3 courses setting you back a mere £16. Choices are well thought out, and there is always a veggie and a gluten-free option available. We both had the sea bream on Asian coleslaw with peanuts, chilli and coriander and the fish was just perfectly grilled. I preceded this with a starter of root vegetable and brown lentil soup that I could almost have stood the spoon up in, and topped it off with a dark chocolate pot with pear and shortbread. 

Herself, who was nursing an incipient cold, was very impressed with a hot 'winter warmer' cocktail that involved mulched ginger, chillies, cloves and rum. This lifted her spirits so much that she was forced to order a second, whilst I made do with a glass or two of Pino Grigio.

The service was a little relaxed as we waited almost an hour for the main course to arrive, but to be fair they were very busy with the pre-theatre crowd and it was certainly worth the wait for the sea bream. Lovely.
I like Spoon, I do, but I should point out that my 4 star rating is based on the culmination of my visits thus far. If it were to be based on my most recent visit it'd be a 3.

Spoon has a lovely vintage atmosphere and décor (though it used to be much more eclectic, with vintage print and ads plastered on the columns), and it's a really big space. I'd hedge a bet and say it's too big for the kitchen, as food tends to take quite a while to arrive, even when it's not busy (but of course it can be nowhere near full yet still be seating a fair number of people!).

Mostly recently I attended for Yelp's Brunchy Munchy, but alas as we'd visited on a Saturday we had to make do with the breakfast menu rather than the brunch menu (only available on a Sunday, boo). I ordered the porridge, which was nice enough, though I was glad to still have some milk left in my jug from my pot of tea as otherwise it would have been a bit much and a bit solid. It was a fairly reasonable £3.50 for a bowl of porridge with a dollop of jam in the middle (I'd have liked a bit more jam, mind), but I'd waited an hour for it to arrive (yes, an hour for porridge), so I was pretty famished by the time it arrived and it felt wholly inappropriate as it was now decidedly lunch time rather than breakfast.

In the past though, I've tried a variety of dishes from lunch and dinner. Nothing is complicated, it's all competent to slightly fancy home cooking in style, but it's all delicious and flavourful. The set menu is a good deal, though limited in option, and there's always a variety of specials on offer (watch out for who writes this up though, I once had to go right up to the board to read it - the waiter who had written it admitted his handwriting is illegible - not helpful!).

Spoon is handily located for the Festival Theatre, and as it opened when I was studying over the road at Old College, I used to pop by for soup and a sandwich occasionally to break up library sessions. It's also easily one of the best options in the area for food.  Spoon misses out on that elusive 5th star I'm afraid, but on the whole it's very good.
I was unprepared for the vastness of Spoon. From the outside, it appears to be little more than a teaspoon, but once you've squeezed through the entrance and trotted up the wooden stairs, you emerge into a veritable serving spoon of a space; light, airy, and dotted with white muslin curtains, Spoon is a spacious joy.

Our table of ten, over to one side, included a nice squidgy pew along one of the walls, and nearby was a snuggling of Chesterfield armchairs (yes, that's totally the collective noun) in which I could imagine whiling away hours on end over a hot chocolate and a book. In terms of the place itself, no question, five stars.

It's a shame, then, that on this occasion the service was something of a letdown; we waited twenty minutes for our orders to be taken and a further hour for our food to arrive, though it was far from busy, and not a word was said on the delay. And once it had, nobody returned to check on us although I'd have loved another orange juice and was wedged between Yelpy pals on the squidgy pew so getting out was tricky.

I'd ordered the muesli and yoghurt. Perhaps I was imagining something a little more constructed, but what arrived was precisely that - a vast bowl of muesli with a slightly carelessly-shaped flurp of yoghurt across the top. It was very yummy, but the muesli to yoghurt ratio was large; more a case of too much muesli than too little yoghurt, and I ended up taking Jenna L's unused milk jug from her tea to moisten the remaining melee.

A trip to the toilets was a fun treat, though, decorated as they are with cuttings from old beauty magazines, all of them the print version of "keep young and beautiful if you want to be loved", which is highly entertaining reading while one carries out ones functions.

In short, I adored Spoon and really want to give it a better rating. I'm not sure what was up - at one point we were laughing because every single member of staff appeared to have vanished - but I fully intend to return here and give it another go. It HAS to be as good as it could be.

I'm not usually apologetic over a three star review, because it's a good rating - "A-OK" is fine by me - but would break my heart if "A-OK" were truly representative of somewhere that ought to be such a delight.
I discovered spoon in the Guardian in an article about the 10 best hangover-cafés in Edinburgh.

Little did I expect and was then extremely surprised by how vast and atmospheric it is. Decorated in vintage style - each piece of furniture and dish seems to come from a different flea market - it offers a very fine selection of food, also vegetarian.

It is a place for everything: breakfast, lunch and dinner with a changing menu.
So far I have enjoyed their Scottish Breakfast several time (Haggis + English Breakfast. Delicious!) but their lunch menu us very good too.

It's a nice and cozy place to come, eat and read if you like.

It is central yet not too busy because it is situated in first floor and not too easily accessible, but that is something I like about them, because it gives it a sort of piece.
It gets a bit crowded on Saturday mornings, though.
I like a quirky café as much as the next person*, but for me Spoon doesn't quite pull it off. It does a nice line in irregular chairs and tables, stuff hanging from the ceiling and art on the walls, but was a little too close to cafeteria territory for comfort.

*This isn't true. Cafés aren't my natural environment to be fair, though I've visited a few with other people in the past.

Some haikus:

The staff at Spoon were...
Attentive up to a point
Then gone for a while

Then the food - oh yes!
But it took a while really
Could have been hotter

Spoon was a good location for a Yelp Brunchy-Munchy, but no one wanted to stick around to luxuriate in their surroundings once the bill was paid.
I've come here on two separate occassions, once for brunch and another time for tea with friends.

Both experiences were enjoyable. I would give 3 stars for the food. It was alright, nothing spectacularly amazing though. 

But the atmosphere! Spoon is in such a lovely location and the cafe is so well-lit with windows on all the walls. The quirky decorations and furniture just scream whimsical. It kind of makes you want to instagram everything in the room.

Basicallly, the food is okay but the atmosphere bumps it up to four stars.
Currently operating a 2 for £10.95/3 for £13.95 (both incl. glass of house wine) deal this was a busy establishment, with a good selection of well priced wines.


 Service was good and the food (farmhouse veg soup, black pudding, bacon & beetroot salad followed by chicken with mash)well cooked and tasty.
The early supper deal is very good.  The fish was excellent and the service good.  For dinner, a reservation is recommended.  There are tables outside where you can be seated if the restaurant is full.
Three of us rocked up at 9:10pm, looking for a relatively quick dinner before a 10pm meeting. It didn't take us too long to order, but unfortunately the entree dish initially got missed. The staff were helpful enough, brought it out as quickly as possible, and made it clear we wouldn't be charged for it, which was a nice touch. The rest of the dishes appeared in good time.

Most importantly, everything was delicious - the lamb, the rabbit, the chicken saltimbocca, and the wood pidgeon. Nice environment, friendly staff. It's just a shame we couldn't stay to try the desserts.
The Olive Branch is my local, friendly and consistently lovely neighbourhood bistro, I feel quite spoilt (and smug) about the fact that it's practically on my doorstep. The large windows flood the place with light, if I'm not dining I enviously glance in whilst I'm passing by. Inside it's not a very large space and the tables are pretty close together, I don't really mind this so much as meals here tend to be intimate tete a tete kind of affairs - I'm not sure I would come here with a large group of people. The exposed brick work gives the place a modern feel, without seeming like they've tried too hard. The food is simple and unfussy, always tasty and good. This is one of the few places I can eat out at and feel relatively healthy afterwards.
I used to walk past here all the time and glare in the window at the people eating. Very rude, I know but the food always looked so good. 

So when my Dad came through for one of those visits where parents come to make sure their student children are actually still alive and are living somewhere half decent, I suggested he take me here as a treat. Such a delightful child. The service was good, the waitress was quite friendly and quick with the old order and food. She brought us this huge jug of water filled with various green bits, which I very much appreciated as we didn't have to ask. Note to other restaurants- bring water to the table! I had a Burger which was juicy and meaty and went down a treat. My Dad munched away on some fish which we was very happy with. The menu is pretty varied but comes across quite fresh and light, I kept spying dishes going to neighbours and feeling a little jealous. 

But my meal was great and reasonably priced too. Definitely be back.
A really great place to sit outside on a summers night. They are open quite late and the staff are extremely friendly.

It is a bistro and you will be paying slightly higher prices, but the food is great anyways. If anyone knows whats in the salad dressing please let me know, the waitress wouldn't tell me!
Let me just get this out the way first - I'm not a fan of olives.

But I soon learned that you don't have to be to dine at the Olive Branch Bistro - they have a varied enough menu to suit all palates!

For a bistro it's very fancy, as the girls have mentioned. But you are in an area that would attract people who appreciate fine food and who am I to argue with how awesome their options are? With tasteful, neutral surroundings that are comfy as well as being high class, it really is more like a restaurant, although feels more like a bistro at breakfast time. They do everything from crispy, warm croissants at reasonable prices to massive fry ups (which are actually healthier than most I've pumped into my body in my lifetime), not to mention an abundance of veggie options!

For lunch, they do a variety of dishes that range from meats to seafood. They are on the pricier side but you are paying for quality and the food tastes like it's good for you. 

With that in mind, it's the kind of place you can eat in style. With well cooked food that is brimming with nutrients, you shouldn't feel bad for spoiling yourself with a meal from here once in a while.
Tasty, decent, and not too expensive would sum this place up in a sentence. But seeing as I'm not limited to a sentence, I'll go on.

A Bistro type atmosphere and food menu is great when you just want something chilled, and maybe spur of the moment, but you're not feeling quite as laidback as pub food or a cafe. You basically feel like you've gone for dinner, but without a lot of the fuss that can entail, such as having to make a slight effort to look in the mirror and check you're looking acceptable to human eyes. Sometimes quite an effort, I'm sure you'd agree.

Anyway, this is a relaxed environment to dine in, with an all round pleasing breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner menu. I had the sea bream and polenta last time I was in, which was really good, followed by some cheese cake, my favourite dessert of them all. Afterwards, there's the bonus of having some Broughton St bars to go to if you fancy.
This is an excellent bistro located on Broughton Place and whether it's a drink or food that you're after, you're in good company here. The oak styled bar is fresh, bright and airy and it's a good size so even when it's busy, you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the people next to you as in some popular bistros. Prices are very reasonable, the menu is extensive and the staff are very friendly too. 

I've only ever been here twice and each time I've just had a drink as I've eaten beforehand. When I came in last week to catch up with a friend I couldn't help but eye up the delicious looking club sandwich that the guy next to me had, it looks amazing and was served with the crispest, freshest looking side salad I've ever seen. Very well presented and it looked so good that I was tempted to snatch a triangular shaped piece for myself!

Next time I'm definitely getting food!
Foodie heaven. Beautiful little bistro, and easy to get to.

Like all the girls before me have said, this restaurant is wonderful. Sitting on a corner with big windows so you can see right in, I was at first a leetle sceptical. Normally the good food joints are harder to come by, surely this was far too "in yo' face" to be really good?

But oh no. A quick look at the menu shows they know what they're doing. We got there quite early, 5.30pm on a Saturday, and managed to get a window seat. I think had we been any later we would have needed a booking.

The service is really friendly, the restaurant itself is bright, nicely decorated, with great touches like mint and lemon in the water jugs.

Now, the food. I ordered the lamb with  chorizo, aubergine and chickpea. If that doesn't already have you salivating, you need to try it. Lamb is my holy grail of red meat. I've eaten lamb that was hand-reared by a French family, frolicking in their field one day, and then served up the next. I know my lamb. And this lamb was goooooood. Perfectly tender, still pink in the middle (after requesting medium-rare) and the perfect portion size too. I could wax lyrical for paragraphs about it, but let's just say every mouthful I had was followed by a wide-eyed "mmmmm" as if it had been my first. Heavenly.

The breads, olives and dips were delicious too. We didn't have pudding (too full from the lamb) but they sounded good. The menu isn't overly extensive, but it seems to change frequently, and there is a wide enough selection for most tastes: fish, chicken, red meat, pasta.

Price-wise it was reasonable. £14 for the lamb, which considering the quality, felt like good value! Certainley not somewhere for a cheap and cheerful meal, but definitely worth the extra pennies.

I can see this place fast becoming a favourite and local of mine, or a fall back option if friends and family are visiting, and I want to take them somewhere nice, central and with damned tasty dining.
I returned here many months after my first visit, on a Friday night with no reservation, and was pleastantly surprised to get a table by the window (weekend before pay day...)

I love the feel of the place: it's warmly lit, cosy, intimate, but not overly plush or lush or romantic. There were couples, like us, there and larger parties, friends enjoying a tete-a-la-tete. The menu isn't huge, but it has a good selection, and it changes regularly which shows the skill of the kitchen.

I had the hake, with creamy leeks and sweet potato mash; the boy had the soup, then steak and chips, followed by a whisky (what else?!)

After the soup (celeriac, I was allowed to taste, mmm),  my hake arrived: a thick, juicy serving of fluffy white fish, served on a deliciously light creamy sauce, and a very generous portion of perfectly mashed sweet potato. It was simple,  it was just what I wanted, and it was divine. It set me back £12 but it was so perfectly cooked I would say this was good value for money.

The steak, chips, soup and whisky were all finished. I take this as sign that it was also delicious (I wasn't allowed to try the steak).

This little bistro is fast becoming a stand-out in my mind when I want somewhere a little bit more *nice* for dinner than a gastropub, but still somewhere I could come dressed down and feel comfortable. 

For those who enjoy good food, this place is a must!
The staff, unpleasant when they weren't ignoring us, must have been having a bad night.  The burger was truly great but the trout was just a slab of fish slapped on to some beans- not interesting in any way.  
The website states that there is a 10% discount for those making a reservation but if they don't respond to your on-line reservation request they won't honor the discount either. Fair enough.  I would advise that you reserve on-line and then call them if you don't receive a response. Once you are there, even if you can describe every step of their own reservation process, the waitress will give you her best snotty smirk and shake her head no.  The impression we are left with is quite negative.
I went here on Friday evening with my mum and absolutely loved it. The staff were lovely and friendly and we were sat in a lovely little table by the window. The décor is really nice and subtle and overall a very relaxing environment. 

I had a starter of black pudding and scallops and it was absolutely delicious, couldn't fault it in the slightest. We both had the same main course of pappardelle with mushrooms and it was also delicious! Overall a great night and i will definitely be going back!

The only thing was that i had booked online but never received any confirmation so i phoned them up and their system had been broken so they had no record, but  they did have space for us so it was all fine :)
Another open sandwich. What's going on - has Edinburgh moved to Scandinavia? Would it break the cafe cost structure to give me the other half of the bun?

Though I have to admit my half-a-sandwich was one of the best things I've eaten in ages, so I shouldn't really moan - a smoked mackerel, pickled cucumber and lime mayo delight, with the freshest chips and a bright little salad. And coleslaw, because it's Scotland, and coleslaw is seemingly a legal requirement. 

We only ended up in the Olive Branch because Treacle was closed for refurbishment (open again tonight, I think) but it was a really good choice and I'd definitely go back. The decor is lovely, all browns and greens, with big windows for people-watching on Broughton Street. I could have stayed all afternoon - wish I was still there!
Having looked into these big windows a thousand times, we finally gave this place a go (Treacle was closed ... sob!). But I had always wanted to try it, if only to sit in the window with the great views across Broughton St from the floor to ceiling glass. 

I had my tummy set on a Treacle burger so I went for that here and it was quite good. Homemade burger patties, which is nice, and it had some good flavour but I did have to spit out at least five bits of knobbly gristle ... charming. I think they need to trim their beef a bit more before putting it through the mincer, or just reduce the amount of ears and noses in the burger mix. But it tasted good and came on a lovely brown roll with nice chunky chips and a salad garnish. I normally prefer skinny fries with a burger but these were cooked beautifully and hit the spot nicely. I was particularly impressed that the burger came on a brown roll and I wish more places at least gave you that option. More flavour, texture and character than most white burger buns which run the gamut from limp wispy efforts to chalky doughy monsters. So the burger was quite nice all round but not up to Treacle's standards and possibly a wee bit expensive at over ten pounds.

Their Bloody Mary sounded interesting, made with Absolut pepper vodka and a dash of Tio Pepe sherry, but unfortunately it wasn't really to my taste. That's a personal thing so fair enough, but I also feel it should be served in a nicer glass than your standard tall water glass. If they're extracting six quid out of you for what is basically a glass of juice and a shot of booze then at least make it look worth the price.

So. Nice staff, great location, especially if you can snag a window seat and they have a generally good menu. Gillian loved her food, so even though mine wasn't quite top drawer, I would happily go back. I was thinking of the food as solid 3.5 stars so wasn't sure which way to go, but I bumped them up to 4 stars purely for the brown roll.
Not great coffee or tea - i thought this was surprising.  the breakfast was decent -- service was hipster indifferent
It was raining and I was so cold the night I had dinner at the Olive Branch Bistro. Ordered a tomato soup as a starter and it was delicious and warmed me right up. For an entree I had Lamb with Kale. 

I would never order any of the items above because I'm really picky about tomato soup and lamb. It has to be perfect, which they were. And the KALE! The best kale I've ever had.
Stopped in for a bite of dinner after working late. Ordered off a 3 course set menu. D had roast veg & honey soup & I had ham hough terrine to start. Soup was very just the right amount of sweetness, terrine was flavourful and moist. We both had the boar for main, it was done as a stew, hearty & warm, perfect for a wet & cold Edinburgh night!  Sticky toffee pudding & vanilla & cointreau cheesecake for desert were both delicious. Service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. Not sure why it's taken me 3 years to venture in here, but would definitely head back anytime!
Smashing place!!  Haven't been in ages. Arrived with friends with 2 under 5 children. Waiting staff so genuine and helpful.

Splendid food. Brought out the children's food super speedy. We were dead grateful. Kept them happy. Were very sweet with my request for hot soya milk. And them my request for cup of boiled water. Even put lemon on the side for me. Truly not a something I've found in restaurants when I ask for this. Thank you. 

Can't wait to go again. Best brunch in Edinburgh I'd say.
Un gran sitio para comer, la gente que atuendo son geniales y súper atentos
Te atienden muy rápido y es fácil tener mesa pegada a los grandes ventanales (hace esquina) que dan barrio
La comida es muy buena, natural y de calidad, además desde el propio comedor hay una ventana desde la que se ve la cocina (no tienen nada que ocultar)
El menú es sencillo pero de calidad y si te vas al menú del día (dos platos) puedes comer por menos de 15 libras
Esta muy cerca del centro a 5 minutos de princess street
Si os cae cerca, no lo dudéis es un gran sitio para tomar un "lunch"
The Scotsman hotel is in what was the Scotsman Newspaper building. When I was a kid I remember getting a guided tour and I remember it being noisy and full of machinery. The paper has long since relocated to the purpose built HQ in Holyrood Road. The refit preserved many beautiful original features of the building like the wooden paneled reception room that is now the bar. The stairwell is stunning all black and white tiles.
It has a gym, spa and stainless steel pool.
I've not stayed but I've been here many times hosting training sessions. Some of the function rooms have very low ceilings. As the building was a renovated place of work, it can be a rabbit warren and I've lost a few delegates as they went to the toilet. They serve coffee in mugs that have crosswords on them, nice touch.
We ventured into the Scotsman Hotel restaurant for a pre-theatre dinner. Their set menu for this was quite limited, but was a nice mix nonetheless.


 The food itself was undoubtedly delicious, but could've done with being a lot hotter. I don't know if the food was left sitting for a while after we'd ordered, or whether in fact it was made and plated up before we'd ordered.


 The staff were pleasant, and the atmosphere was also very nice.


 As for prices - hmmmm, it turned out to be an expensive exercise in the end, though we did have a bottle of wine from their extensive (and somewhat over the top expensive) collection.
I used to love coming here with my mum for a cocktail before going into George St for dinner, but the last few times I've been have left me a bit disappointed. It was once really busy with a great atmosphere, and really quite cool! The dark brown theme made it seem mysterious and trendy, but my last few visits found the dark brown theme seem dirty and almost shabby. The staff are really friendly and make an effort to welcome you and serve you but again I feel it has gone a bit downhill. The cocktails are really good though, but pricey.
Maybe all it needs is a new lick of paint or an update. This used to be one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh, so I really hope it gets its act together so I can be a regular once again!
I have to say, the bartenders here definitely know how to make a French Martini.

I went in here last time my parents were in Edinburgh - we wanted somewhere where we could go and have a nice relaxed cocktail and a few nibbles, and happened to be walking past so thought we'd give it a go. The bar/brasserie area is absolutely gorgeous... it's all lovely dark wood panelling and sumptuous leather amrchairs to relax in whilst you sip, but it still has a fashionably modern feel to it.

I have to be honest, it was pricey. Almost to the point of being ridiculously overpriced, and if I'd been paying the bill then I'd probably have liked it a lot less. For the price of 2 cocktails, a large glass of wine and a sharing platter of bread/olives/cheeses etc you could easily have had dinner for 3 somewhere else.

Great for those times you want to treat yourself, but for a normal cocktail I can think of other places that are just as good but much more reasonably priced.
This swish bar mostly attracts business people for clientale, and although no one will ever openly admit to it, you are x-rayed scanned as soon as you step you converse-cladded-foot in here.Ah Edinburgh.

 Located in the building that homes the newspaper the Scotsman its interior layout is very modern. I have yet to try the food here, but my fancy gin'n't was perfect. Ambience is great here if there are other people. Otherwise it can be... a bit too quiet for comfort.
Wow. My last review of this place was of my visit to the bar, but when my parents styed in the hotel here for my graduation the whole thing was so amazing I have to write an update.

They were upgraded to a suite without even asking, and for no apparent reason, for starters. And the "can't do enough for their customers" attitude was apparent in every aspect of the service, especially the receptionist and concierge. If someone asked me to recommend a premium hotel in Edinburgh, I'd definitely say this one over the likes of The Balmoral.
I've never stayed at the Scotsman Hotel, although I can imagine with it being a five star boutique hotel, spending a few nights here would probably be delightful. The main staircase in the Scotsman Hotel is something to behold, as is the actual building itself, which juts out into the Edinburgh landscape, and is accessed from North Bridge. The building is Victorian, and with its turrets and stained glass windows, is simply stunning.

Despite having not stayed overnight in the hotel, I do have experience of drinking at the bar, surprise, surprise, and having a few cocktails in what used to be the offices for the Scotsman newspaper has massive atmospheric appeal for me. Coming to work here in the heyday of print journalism must have been absolutely awesome. The North Bridge Brasserie and Bar, where you can have yourself a classy and well concocted selection of cocktails, and other beverages, used to be the reception room for the newspaper, and is equally as striking as the rest of the building. Definitely recommended, not least for the rich history and grand atmosphere of the venue.
Wonderful rooms, spacious bathroom in editor suite. Pleasant and helpful staff, met every request. Dining was the only non-5 star because they were a bit overwhelmed by the size of the crowd, but the staff was pleasant a tried their best to accommodate everyone.  The food was well prepared and good quality.  I would still give the North Bridge Brasserie a 4 star rating. Excellent location to old and new town attractions.  Would highly recommend with anyone who would be spending the Christmas holiday away from home.  I only wish the spa hadn't been completely booked during our stay because I'm sure it is wonderful as well.
My favorite hotel in Europe after a monthlong stay.  We had an editor's suite and it was a huge room.  Two rooms large rooms actually. Large bathroom. Excellent service, great location.  Very nice pool.  Loved everything about the place!  It is nice but not stuffy.  Hope to visit again one day!
My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. The lobby is gorgeous, we were given a complimentary taste of whiskey, and since it was our anniversary, they sent up 2 glasses of champagne as well. The room was beautiful, large lovely bathroom, and breakfast in the morning was so above and beyond the traditional continental breakfast. Staff were courteous, helpful and friendly. Lots of shops nearby as well as the castle. Discounted car park available.
I think I chose to go to this hotel at the wrong time - Christmas, myself and family went for Christmas lunch. I was impressed by the interior and the food served, however this was greatley let down by the service, or lack of it. They really could have benefitted by having more staff serving as we waited more than the expected time between courses. A-ok for Christmas lunch, but probably not worth the money paid and will be looking elsewhere for our lunch this year.
This review is for the restaurant and bar only, not having stayed there. 

Eat and drink here. It looks like it would be a tourist trap but it's a lovely pampering and delicious treat. I would absolutely return here over the Witchery and even the Castle Terrace, two other restaurants not really in my price range that I can't believe I ate at. 

The whiskey recommendations were sound, the waitstaff was sweet, and the food was delicious. I ordered and/or poached from my friend the smoked salmon appetizer, the haggis, the dry aged beef with whiskey and cheese sauce, and the cheese plate dessert. Amazing. 

Seriously, eat here. I can't wait for my next opportunity to do so.
A large group of us Yelpers came here for an afternoon tea today. I was keen to test the quality of The Scotsman version as I've been disappointed recently with afternoon teas.

I expected us to be seated in the main brasserie area but surprisingly we were led to a beautifully decorated room in the back, all set up with white tablecloths and pink orchid flowers. Very lovely although in normal circumstances if you only had a small group the lack of other customers might make this a bit lacking in atmosphere. No opportunity to people watch. 

As we were a large group, the sandwiches, scones and mini cakes were plated up separately but I think they normally come on a 3 tiered stand as you would expect. Everything was fresh and tasty. Ham, egg, cheese & pickle and salmon & cream cheese sandwiches (cucumber and cream cheese offered for one of tge veggie option alternatives). Scones lovely - crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Mini jam pots were on offer. A lot of places go this route as I suppose it's easier but to me 'special' means homemade jam. The mini cakes were nice but nothing out of the ordinary. I tried the flapjack, brownie and crannachan before I admitted defeat and couldn't eat another morsel. No macaroons :(

The service was top notch though. I couldn't tell if this was normal or because we were in a group. Nevertheless they were very attentive, speedy and accommodated the vegetarian and gluten free requests brilliantly. 

The tea choice wasn't extensive. Maybe 10 teas in total and most of them run of the mill teas. My earl gray was a bit weak but it was served in a large teapot which I liked as I had more than enough tea that lasted throughout. I hate being offered individually sized pots that maybe do 2 small cups. 

I would go back but can't rate it 5 stars as nothing stood out as "wow" or special enough to warrant a higher rating. Room for improvement but overall a nice experience.
The Scotsman Hotel is a great venue for many occasions, this occasion was a afternoon tea with some Yelpers in one of the function rooms. It was a nice big banquet table set up and we were brought to the room by one of the bartenders. We were then handed to the very capable hands of a function manager - she took our coats and  sat us down.  

we were sat on a table with full linen and (porcelain?) crockery. Our water glasses were promptly filled. Once we all sat down she placed the napkin and took our tea orders. They had a full complement of loose teas. 
I went for the famous Scotsman breakfast and an additional Jasmine green tea. These are served in full sized classic teapots and strainers. 

She also fully explained the delight that were served to us - after ensuring that there were any dietary requirements. 
Scones, clotted cream, sliders, bon bons, profiteroles, soldier cut crust-less sandwiches with salmon cucumber, egg, ham, cheese and also some flap jacks and carrot cakes. 

The acoustics of the room allowed for a conversation to be followed from all over the table without getting too loud., although the level of conversation topics was at times a bit questionable, but that cannot be attributed to the Scotsman :o)

I had a wonderful time and relay enjoyed the visit. This is something i would be proud to take my mum to when she visits Edinburgh!
Posh pinkies at the ready dahlings, it was time for the Yelpers to do afternoon tea.

I had expected us to be seated in the North Bridge Brassiere, which would have been nice enough as its all leather seating and dark wood, but myself and Tanja were surprised to be informed that we were to be seated in the drawing room - oooh, posh...

Our table for tea for 12 awaited us, a lovely linen clad table with pink orchids upon it which were surprisingly tall (though I could duck under to say hello to fellow Yelpers). The room has its own designated 'Afternoon Tea Manager' who explained what would happen and also took into account our diverse dietary needs - gluten free, vegetarian, no fish, etc. Tea orders were taken and then when big teapots arrived, I assumed they'd be shared but no, these were our individual teapots. I really enjoyed my Edinburgh Breakfast tea but I know the Earl Grey Yelpers were disappointed.

Myself and Jenny L were sharing a gluten free afternoon tea so we got our own little cake stand with a top tier of cakes, middle tier of scones and clotted cream and bottom tier of sandwiches. After a million photos had been taken, we all dived in. The sandwiches were lovely. The Scotsman uses genius bread and although I would have previously not bought the white and brown before as in its early days, it was lousy, it i much improved and our sandwiches were really tasty. We had cheese and tomato relish, ham and mustard, salmon and cream cheese and egg and cress - about 6 of these mixed variety sandwich fingers each. I have to confess here that today at home, I recreated my cheese and tomato relish on genius white for lunch, as it was so tasty :-)

Having previously done the GF scone test at Casa Angelina, I was curious to see what this would be like but the scone was well made, great texture and had a good height (some GF products don't rise properly). The jam came in little jars which I know Laura D didn't like so much, but for GF and contamination issues, I was more than happy with the jars of strawberry and raspberry jam. The clotted cream came in a ball so there was tons for us to slather on, should we choose to. 

Our top tier came with little bits of cake. I love miniature bites like this so the meringues with lemon curd were lovely, there were rich chocolate truffles, almondy cake - ok so the almondy cake is not home made but I'll forgive that as any cake made from Daim bars is awesome, cranachan spoons and I think a couple of other things which escape me.

We paid £16.95 each for afternoon tea and for me, the sheer amount of food was great. I would come here and do afternoon tea here again as I thought it was well done and it was very good value for money. What was left (I think about 6 boxes of food) was packed up and given to the Yelpers so no cooking for some people last night (I certainly couldn't face more food afterwards).  

Great food and service, nice formal atmosphere (napkins were placed in our lap) and lovely company made this lovely day :-)
Great for a civilised drink, I had wine but the people next to me ordered giant club sandwiches which looked excellent, great relaxing but smart atmosphere, love it
Great pool and lovely hotel.
My husband and I took our honeymoon tour of Ireland and Scotland back in August of 2013. When we were in Ireland, preparing to depart for Edinburgh, my husband was consulting his Scotland guidebook and mentioned to me the tradition of "high tea." It sounded excellent, so I looked online for places that offered a gluten free option for afternoon tea. The Scotsman had rave reviews and was the least expensive option, so we decided to stop there on our first day in Edinburgh after a long day of "touristy" things (Holyrood and the Castle). We did not make a reservation, but stopped in around 3:30 in the afternoon.

We were very impressed with how classy everything seemed. We were ushered into a quiet room with a few other groups scattered around at different tables. It felt very sophisticated and was quite a fun experience. I ordered the gluten free option and my husband went with the regular. I had a pot of apple tea - it was pink when I added the cream! When they brought the tray out, it didn't seem like a lot of food. The height was deceptive - it's really a ton of food. I started with the finger sandwiches and worked my way up the tray. I liked most of the sandwiches, although I did not like one of the fish sandwiches, so I gave it to my husband. 

The thing that really stood out for me was the scone. Oh, my God. The scone. To die for! It was slightly smaller than my husband's gluten-filled counterpart, but the texture was phenomenal (I was recently gluten free at that point). I smothered it with clotted cream and jelly and happily went to town on it. Last, but not least, were the desserts. I remember all of them being delicious, although I seem to recall that the gluten free tray had one less dessert than the regular tray. It didn't matter, though. We both left stuffed. You could have rolled me out of there. Our waiter came back when we were finished and seemed surprised that we finished our trays down to the last crumb. He came across as somewhat haughty and a little judgmental, but we didn't let that get in the way of our experience. We do our best when traveling internationally to be normal, quiet, and respectful (the opposite of the American stereotype some people have). 

Anyway, the point is, definitely come here for tea if you're celiac or gluten intolerant or just gluten free by choice. It is so worth it. My husband loved his tea, too, so the regular must be just as good. It is worth every pence!
We just recently stayed at the Scotsman for a couple of days, and I rate them 4.5 stars (sorry Yelp doesn't offer half stars, so 4 is the closest I can choose.)

The Scotsman is truly a first rate hotel.  To begin with, their location is fantastic for seeing Edinburgh.  They are basically right along the royal mile, and across from the train station.  80% of the main sights in Edinburgh are within a 10 minute walk.  

Then add in that the building is absolutely beautiful, inside and out.  Even if you don't eat at the hotel restaurant, you have to at least stop in for a drink as the wood, marble, and brass make an outstanding atmosphere.  I assume this must have been the lobby of the old newspaper business.  

The rooms are classically decorated and very nice and large.  We stayed in a room overlooking the train station, which I would recommend as the view is stunning from the bay windows.  And thanks to double windows, no noise from the station makes its way into the room.  The, and only improvement they could make is to replace the mattresses with something more comfortable.   

The staff were all very nice, helpful, and made us feel comfortable.  Could not have asked for more from the staff.

Can not comment on the food, as we did not have an opportunity to try the hotel restaurant.  Did I mention how fantastic the Scotsman location is?  Well, that includes 5 minute walk to dozens of restaurants and pubs...which is where we found ourselves for all our meals.

This will be my hotel of choice for any future visits to Edinburgh, and I would highly recommend to anyone.
Don't know about the drinking but the food here is nice. Dropped in for hangover brunch a few times and the french toast with bacon and maple syrup sorts you right out. My mouth is watering just thinking about it


 Service can be a bit hit and miss, but the vibe is relaxed so it's no great shakes if the food takes a bit of time.
Nice local bar in Bruntsfield area , serves good selection of beers/lagers but expensive for both food and drinks. Bar is usually well staffed so not waiting too long to get served or you can have table service if you can get a table.
A truly nasty place. Bad food I can forgive. Bad service too. But a place which deliberately treats its customers like ignorant dross?


 True story: I once met one of the partners behind this local chain of equally rip-off outlets at a social event. He proudly described to me his philosophy of catering. Give them cheap crap but dress it up to look and sound pretentious and they'll be happy, because the people we cater to have no real taste at all and will swallow anything if it's in trendy surroundings, and sounds a bit fancy without being too unusual, and costs a lot. And the sad thing is that he's pretty much spot-on about the nouveau riche middle agers who gag for his formula.


 Even the name of the place is appropriately pompous, since the local streets opposite from which they take their name are in fact traditionally pronounced 'Mont-peel-ee-urs'. Yet the owners of course insist on making it sound like the Mediterranean town renowned for thieves and pickpockets. Come to think of it, maybe that's not so inappropriate after all
This Bruntsfield brasserie is the original establishment belonging to the Montpeliers chain. As a result, you would expect it to come with all the other trimmings as other Montpeliers venues (such as Tigerlily), and for the most part it does.

My only criticism of it would be the fact that the service was quite slow, however the lunchtime I was there was an extremely busy one, which has to say something about the popularity of this place.

Their mantra plastered across menus, posters and their website is "A bar? A brasserie? Why Choose?", and you have to hand it to them - this place is great for a soup-and-sandwich style lunch and late night drinks with friends in equal measure. Avoid this place at the very beginning and end of academic terms though, as it will be packed full of parents dropping off/picked up by their student kids.

The recent overhaul means that whilst enjoying your drinks with friends, you can do so whilst relaxing on the luxurious leather sofas. Great for relaxation but bad for the bank balance, as it often means that 'a quick drink' turns into several more!

During the summer months there are tables outside, and the location of this bar-brasserie on the main street of fashionable Brunstfield makes the ultimate spot for people-watching.

Don't miss... the Pear & Cucumber Gin Fizz from the cocktail menu. Yes, at £7.50 it costs nearly as much as a main course, but it's worth every penny.
I don't know what it is, but there's something about Montpeliers that I really quite like...

The bar/restaurant is part of a group in Edinburgh, owned by the same people who have Ricks, Opal, Tigerlilly etc  - for those who don't know, these are the 'posh' and 'fancy' bars in Edinburgh. The ones you have to wear the nice jewelry and extra mascara for. Not usually my cup-of-tea, but Montpelier is somewhat different....let me explain.

It is located in Bruntsfield, which is, in my opinion, Edinburgh's best kept secret. The small community has a really strong sense of family and security, which is embodied in Montpelier. In the summer you can sit outside on the busy street, Bruntsfield Place, and watch the world go by with a glass of vino. I always tend to form my opinion of a bar by the temperature of their white wine, I like mine verging on frozen, and my friends Montpelier's wine could give you frost-bite. They had a great selection of wine, as well as an extensive drinks menu for your pleasure. Whether choosing to sit in the ultra-chic woven seats outside or the ultra-trendy cosy sofa's inside, you would look trendy even if you're in your pyjamas. I saw Susan Boyle sitting outsite Montpeliers only last week, and she actually looked chic...!

Food-wise, there isn't a great selection, but every Sunday they do a great roast - great for hangovers and comfort food. The restaurant is small-ish, but quite cosy. There is always an atmosphere and it's always busy, no matter what time it is.
My only complaint would be the price - it is very expensive. I would recommend, therefore, that you make your visit to Montpelier a treat, only visit now and again.

I went to Montpelier on a first-date and it was perfect. Busy enough but quiet enough, but the bank was well and truly broken after 2 drinks each. You'll be glad to know that that romance went on for 18 months, but, sadly, ended. Even though I shouldn't, I would still go to Montpeliers for a drink with another suitor because the whole experience is too valuable to write off.
SO, to conclude, Montpelier would be the PERFECT place to go on a first date, or for a nice drink before a big event. It's a special place, so make the visits special.

I don't know what it is, but there's something about Montpeliers that I really quite like...
With heaters and seating outside and a plush interior, Montpeliers is a reliable choice for a casual drink. Having a swanky bar in the middle of Bruntsfield (an area in the outskirts of the city) is something of a luxury and for that you'll pay extra. Regardless of this, the lager selection is great and judging by the raspberry mojito my friend had they do good cocktails too. You'll often see a group of casual drinkers underneath its exterior canopy, sharing the warmth of the heaters on one of Edinburgh's chilly nights.
Montpelier's in Bruntsfield seems to have all the ingredients necessary to be a stylish local bar and eatery, and to be fair, it is quite a stylish venue for a drink or something to eat. Unfortunately, it is yet another place to fall into the all style and no substance trap. Having had a few enjoyable evenings here sampling the bar's wares, I thought it would be a good place to go for dinner. I was wrong. On paper the food does sound really tasty, unfortunately the tastiness doesn't seem to transfer onto the plate; more than half of the party were unhappy with their meals - complaints ranged from soggy batter on the fish to a veggie burger that was tasteless and stodgy. The service was overtly intrusive, barely five minutes would pass before a wait person would be interrupting us and asking if everything was ok or if we were ok for drinks and when we confronted our waiter with the sorry state of our food he didn't seem to know what to do. I'm pretty sure Montpelier's can do better than this.
I popped in here for lunch with a friend the other day, and I was sadly disappointed. Montpeliers looks like it has everything you need for a perfect lunch, but it failed to deliver. 

The waitress should quit her day job and become a sales woman as she can managed to make everything so much better than it was. She sold the special to me as homemade pitta bread with brie and carried on to describe such a delicious meal that I couldn't resist. I ended up with pitta bread from Tesco, a few slabs of Brie and some rocket. Talk about bland and unfilling. My friend had a burger which she was more than happy with and I was stupidly jealous of. 

Luckily there was a buy one get one free on mains so it only came to around a tenner. Otherwise I would have had a problem paying 9 pound for that pretty shoddy lunch. Sad to say I doubt I will be back.
I've since broken up with that no-good, sleaze of a boyfriend that took me here on a first date. Twat.

I've not realised that Mont Peliers isn't as great as I once thought! It's really really expensive, it's difficult to get to if you just want a drink - if you come here for a drink then you can't really go anywhere else without a taxi or a 25 minute walk. pfft.

It's small too, there are never enough seats and the outside ones are full of smokers!
It's alright though, not great, just alright. If you want to go here then it's not a bad place to be. Although the food takes AGES to come.
Out in a wealthy yet fairly quiet suburb, everything about Montpelier's, from the name, to the way they write their menus, to the decor, screams out the type of insufferable customer they're after.

If you're thrilled by wealth, shallow, and have no personality or capability of thinking for yourself, then Montpeliers is for you. It does it's job perfectly well, but it's of no interest to me whatsoever.
Note to self: first of all, learn how to spell the name of the bar! After Jurgen D suggested we all meet here for a drink before our CMYE of fine French food, I dutifully whipped out my iphone to check-in only to be horrified that it wasn't on Yelp.....!

Turns out it actually was and I was spelling it wrong. one L. ONE L. Despite that Joe A still managed to walk past 3 times before finding it, but all in all it turned out to be a great wee spot for a Friday night 6 o'clock gin and apertif to our meal.

Whenever I walk past during the day it has that smell of delicious pub pizza emanating. Mmm. I've eaten at other Montpellier institutions before (Rick's) and the food was aok. This Montpeliers also does the food, along with the £10 meal (starer and main for £10) and seems like an a-ok place for lunch or dinner. The place is divided in two, with a dining area and bar seated area for those partaking of a tipple, such as us.

It's nicely decorated, got a good atmosphere, and was full but not overly crowded at 6pm on a Friday. Really friendly bar staff, attentive and courteous. Happy to take my several individual orders in a row without fuss.

The only wee irk is the prices were a bit on the steep side. £4.50 for a gin and tonic. I definitely prefer to choose quality over quantity and would rather enjoy one or two fine cocktails in a nice place than many, many cheap vodka and syrupy cokes - but due to the high prices I wouldn't make it a very regular haunt.

Overall it's a great bar, swish and classy to match the Bruntsfield surroundings and is a pretty sweet spot to quench your post-work parchedness.
Considering I spend most weekends only 2 minutes walk from this place, the fact I've only been in a handful of times tells it's own story.  Yes it's fine for a glass of wine or a beer, but it's full of those 'big fish in a small pond' types and subsequently prices are a bit on the steep side. You can get decent deals on meals and that's the only only reason I'd return now.  The menu and food are pretty good.
I went with a party of 6 to Montpelliers last night specifically because of their great deal of Dine for £10 (starter/dessert and a main). Turned out to be excellent value. I went for the (recommended by a friend) fish cakes and a special of spicy chicken and mash. Great comfort food, although the spicy sauce on the chicken was strangely cold. Only blip in a great pub meal. Staff were lovely, the place was buzzing on a Thursday night. Recommended!

P.s after reading the other reviews I must add that the drinks were rather expensive, but luckily I wasn't paying.
Montpeiliers is ... fine.  It's A-OK.  It doesn't have any specific charm, it  serves edible food, it has reasonably standard drinks, and it's a bit over priced.  But, it's near where I work, and it serves drinks.  

Every time I come here I wonder, do the clientele just come here because it's convenient?  Because it has outside seating and heat lamps?  Quite possibly.  That's certainly why I frequent it.  

It just feels so soulless.  It surely must be part of a chain because there is absolutely nothing unique about it.  But, at the end of the day, you know you will get a reasonable meal, a reasonable drink, with reasonable service, and the toilets will be clean.  A-OK.
Whenever I want to indulge my alcoholism after work, and can't be bothered going further afield, I come here.  

I had a job interview yesterday and definitely needed a drink after.. but the fabulousness of a pint was somewhat destroyed by the fact that two pints with a bag of crisps cost ALMOST 10 POUNDS.  

*soul destroyed*
Went here earlier tonight with my dad, we're in Scotland on holiday for a few days.  He had the leg of lamb, I had the seared tuna steak.  A delicious dinner (and a few rounds of drinks) at a reasonable price.  Waitstaff was friendly and pleasantly talkative.  I will go again when I am able and am already singing this restaurant's praises to my friends.
At a friend's suggestion we came here for lunch. Had looked at it before and thought the bar list looked pricey  so probably not one to loiter in over endless rounds of drinks but not bad for a cheap lunch. There appear to be regular deals going on so will check out in future. 
Two mains for £10 from a choice of Thai Green currys (chicken and veggie), pasta and burgers. Opted for the Thai Green curry which was reasonable enough - sauce could have been thicker (but I did get a gluten free version), but good chunks of chicken and vegetables in a lightly spiced sauce which was enjoyable. 3 stars for the meantime. This may change in the future though I wasn't wowed their choice of puds so hopped over to Cafe Grande for take-out gluten free cheesecake which is fab :)
In my never ending search for the citys best burger I found myself hear last night.

Part of the group that includes Tiger Lilly, Ricks and Indigo Yard you have the surroudnings you can come to expect from those guys.

As well as their full menu they also have a 2 courses for £10 option, in todays world not only is that sensible its a bloody bargain.

I started with the mackerel fish cakes served with a lemon hollandaise. Nice soft fish cakes with a slightly too runny sauce but a tasty dish. I would prefer more fish to the potato ratio but for the price really good.

To the burger, called a buccleuch burger its served with bacon cheese on top and a side of tomato relish and fries. Decend fries, tasty relish...the burger itself was well carmaelised and had decent flavour. The texture/density left a bit to be desired, was too compact. The bacon was fatty, undercooked and not so great. if it has been nice and crispy that would have been a winner for me.

All in all for the price a great meal and washed down with a pint of schiehallion. Jd = happy man!
We booked this place without knowing about their "2 Courses for £10" offer, so that was a welcome surprise. We were really impressed with the Mussels starter, and both ate the duck confit which was outstanding. We finished by sharing the cheese board, which was the perfect end to a delicious meal. 

It's one of the best meals we ate during our stay in Edinburgh, and I would happily have paid full price for everything we ate. That it only cost £10 for both courses was too good to be true!
I really liked the vibe here but was disappointed with the food. It nicely decorated and the lighting is perfect, verging on dark which is quite relaxing for some reason. I had the pan fried halloumi salad but was not impressed. the cheese was cold and it shouldn't have been. maybe it had been sitting in the kitchen for a while before it came out, which is a shame because this place is fairly elegant and I reckon their other food is good. I'd go back as like I say, its a nice place to hang out. I sat and head the Hunger Games for over an hour and couldn't believe a whole hour had passed...
bruntsfield is a corner of edinburgh that houses a number of lovely places, from shops to cafes to restaurants and a theatre.  although i am sad that the peckahms has been closed and turned into a sainsburys!  however,nestled among all the rest is montpeliers offering breakfast, lunch, and dinner in classy but cosy surroundings.

i often find myself headed to montpeliers when i'm in the bruntsfield area (most likely to see a movie at the dominion) and this place just hits the spot for me.  on sunday, the boyfriend and i went for sunday brunch before trying to get tickets to les miserables (the dominion was sold out :( so we had to resort to cineworld).  while the place wasn't overly busy, for some reason all the tables were reserved and when i asked to sit away from the door we were told that the only option was the bar.  to be honest, i didn't mind as the bar is a perfectly nice place to sit but i didn't see any customers enter the restaurant to be seated at those empty tables we were denied....

anyway, we were handed menus and while i did ponder the more lunch options of the menu, when i saw the description of the vegetarian breakfast i knew that was what i was having.  eggs (scrambled, poached, or fried), veggie sausage, baked beans, potato scones, grilled tomato and mushrooms, and a spring onion and potato rosti.  this enormous plate also came with a side of toast!  everything on my plate was fresh and made to order, the eggs being creamy and not over cooked, the potato rosti having a nice crisp outside with a soft tasty inside, and potato scones just lightly fried.  i know it's breakfast and rather difficult to mess up, but it just really hit the spot for me :)

i also like that instead of squeezing the toast on the side of the plate they brought it over in a nice basket with plently of butter to share between us.  the price for this breakfast also included a tea or coffee and a cup of orange juice.  apparently though you can't subsitute the orange for another juice, which sort of annoyed me as i wanted cranberry and had to pay extra for that.  my boyfriend got the extra orange juice so he was happy though.

after many visits i remain a fan of montpeliers.  it's not fine dining, but it's good quality food in nice surroundings with friendly service.  there is also a nice cocktail list that i will have to try out one day if i ever make it for an evening visit!
Well priced.  The truffle wild mushroom pasta on the 2 or 3 course menu is good.  The 2 course for 10 pounds is great.  Almost too good the be true.  

Don't skimp on wine.  The cheap wine here is indeed cheap wine. We ordered both and couldn't finish the other.  But the food and the atmosphere are great!
I had been wanting to try this place for a while as I had heard it had an amazing brunch (I'm slightly obsessed with eggs benny). So I decided to pop in for lunch. I tried the chicken and avocado sandwich with chips. It was good, the bread was quite big but tasted fresh and good. The chicken itself was nothing spectacular but overall I ate it quite happily. Its a nice place to go with the wee one. We sat on this huge couch where my daughter had a great time bouncing around. Very comfortable with child and we met other mama's with children there too!
I've been here three times. Once for a Christmas dinner, once for lunch and more recently another night coerced by friends to go for a drink after our exercise class, which felt really uncomfortable as it was a Thursday night and everyone was really dressed up apart from us in our running gear, and cycling helmets with us! To be fair no one even looked at us but I don't normally go to bars looking like this so I felt a bit weird. 

For the christmas dinner they were able to cater well for a big group of people (around 20 of us), and the food was great both times I ate here. The decor is really nice and I like the low lighting. 

I'd never thought of Montpeliers as a bar to just go into for a drink but there were lots of people in there for just drinks and though it's not necessarily a big bar there's plenty of seating. I probably wouldn't choose to go there for drinks on a night out as I'm more likely to head into town, but for food I would definitely go back.
Great mid week drink offers cheap cocktails and wine yay!

If you're looking for a quiet pint or a cheeky vino in Bruntsfield then Montpeliers is the place to visit. This well-stocked bar and restaurant is very stylish and comfortable, especially if you can snag one of the gigantic sofas. It's a cozy, laid-back, and welcoming place, just like a good bar should be. They have midweek happy hour specials on the drinks making it really good value. The food is alright though quality can vary a bit. I had a stirfry that had no veg and looked rather like dog food recently but have had much nicer things before so will put that down to being one of those things and hope it doesn't happen next time I go in!
Montpeliers is probably one of the most popular pubs in Bruntsfield and it's always lively. Plus If the sun is shining you can sit at the tables on the street and watch the world passing by.
A last minute decision on a Tuesday evening without booking went superbly. The waiter could not have been more suave and helpful rolled into one. Having shown us to a leather buttoned couch on the 'bar' side of the restaurant we promptly listened to the specials of the day, ordered crisp wine and buried noses into menus. 

Mouth watering goats cheese and artichoke salad perfectly poised next to haddock fishcakes with a buttery tartar sauce could not have been devoured any quicker. Greed, and pace of consumption, is a fine measure at times. Summer lamb burger juiced with a cool mint sauce was jaw achingly awesome. The gnocchi; plump and inviting among an array of blue cheese, spinach and cherry tomatoes was near enough perfect. At ten schmackers for two courses per person, Montpeliers is a sure enough place to consume, converse and corroborate.
I like Montpeliers, it's a solid option along Bruntsfield. The food is usually decent and arrives in reasonable time. It's a typical gastro-pub option with a varied menu and good burgers. 

It's never particularly impressed me though; it's more an old reliable option when you're not sure where to take someone and want to make sure everything's hunky dory. 

It's usually extremely busy when I make an appearance and the packed feel of the restaurant doesn't bring anything to the party. Still, table service is quick and efficient and the staff are friendly.
I came here for a Saturday night dinner with my partner and parents, and we all had a great meal. The service was quick, although we did have to ask to place our orders, both for drinks and food. There was a female manager/supervisor on who was extremely attentive, and wore a constant smile despite the full restaurant and obviously stressed staff.

I had a mojito which wasn't quite sweet enough for me, but I've only heard good things about their cocktails so I put that down to personal taste! We had a main course and a dessert, all of which were nice. The mains weren't massive, which worked well for us as we were going out for drinks later.

I liked the decor and layout of the restaurant/bar, but I'm excited to see what is coming from their upcoming refurbishment! I would go back, but probably on a quieter night.
I've been in Montepliers a few times and, regardless of the slightly pricey drinks list, I quite like the restaurant/pub. I've never had any food here but know that there are a few excellent offers to be found here. The most famous one being 2 courses for £10 which in the Bruntsfield area isn't too shabby.

Along with a slightly larger priced drinks list, comes a slightly high class of staff, which is true and can be said for Montpeliers, falling under the same group as Indigo Yard, Tiger Lilly and Ricks as Jurgen has kindly said (thanks for being the recommended reviews and saving me endless Google searches).

The bar staff in here can pour a good pint and are usually friendly enough to be polite but not overly friendly that you can't get peace to enjoy your pint.

Good to have a pint after work or a drink with a few mates but I wouldn't recommend it for a night out.
I have mixed feelings about this place. Had a couple of sketchy experiences a couple of years ago - nothing bad, just a lingering feeling of disappointment - however, the past few times we have dropped by I have been very satisfied with our food and experience.

I generally order one thing there - poached eggs on toast and they are pretty well done. In fact they do their eggs beautifully and runny with no hint of fluffliness and so for a fickle egg loather/lover like me they are great as that is just how I like them.

Maybe don't go out of your way to eat here, but if you are in the neighbourhood it's a solid find.
I was quite lucky in that I lived opposite Cafe Grande last year, but I was not so lucky as I didn't even know it was there! When I finally made it into the cafe it was towards the end of my time in Bruntsfield, I wish I had known about it sooner.

The menu is great! Every option is mouth-watering and yummy. Their paninis are great, the bread they use always tastes fresh and tastes healthy (even if dripping in cheese). My brother said his chicken Balmoral was a bit dry, but the cheesecake was amazing.

Furthermore, they have live jazz every weekend. They have a big board with all the details of their sessions and they are always busy. It's a great wee cafe!
I imagine the average budget eater will shy away from the £7.20 'Grand Breakfast' or the 6.25 'Nachos Grande' and walk straight past Cafe Grande's charming exterior.  Indeed, such offerings all taste great, but with so many cafes offering much of the same thing at a cheaper price you'll always be left wondering why you didn't walk further down the street in an attempt to find that inexpensive eat. Cafe Grande seem to neither excel at anything or disappoint with what they offer.  There's plenty of these generic places in Edinburgh, and thus I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to dine here.
I'd heard a lot of amazing things about this place from friends who live nearby, so I had high hopes when I finally got round to trying it out.

I have to say though, I wasn't exactly blown away. Maybe I'd built it up too much, maybe the memories of how amazing my recent trip to nearby Gourmet Pasta had been were still too fresh, or maybe it was just bang-average. Either way, it was nothing special.

Being in Brunstfield, it caters for the lunching-out types, and the food wasn't bad. It was just a bit boring, if I'm completely honest. There was nothing on the menu that I couldn't order in one of our student unions, and if I did I wouldn't be paying quite so much for it.

The evening menu did look a bit more enticing, especially as they claim to only use locally sourced ingredients and the range of dishes to choose form isn't huge, so you know it'll always be fresh. But I just don't know if I could be bothered to go all the way over to Bruntsfield to take the risk. And if I were in this area, I can think of loads of other places nearby that would come above Café Grande on my list.
This great little cafe is a real find in the heart of Bruntsfield.  I've been here only once, but really enjoyed it.  I had a piece of cake and a glass of lemonade, and it was very pleasant.  They certainly have a great range of food and drink -  I was particularly taken with their cake cabinet, which displayed the range of cakes in all their glory.  For someone like me that loves cake, this was great.

I'm interested to see that previous reviews speak of occasionally ropey experiences of this place.  My first impression was a very good one, and I think I'd need to visit a few more times to form a solid opinion.
Cafe Grande is more than just a cafe, it is a restaurant and bar as well. The Cafe is located in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh so it is a handy place to pop into for a bite of food. 

Cafe Grande serves breakfasts, as well as lunch and dinner and they have a menu specially tailored towards children. I ordered their cheese burger for my lunch which was tasty, and came with the standard fries and salad, but it was quite pricey at £7. Their lunch menu includes panini's, wraps and salads. Cafe Grande's evening menu is more impressive with dishes including King prawn Thai green curry and Cajun spiced salmon and prices ranging from £10 to £18. 

Cafe Grande, as the name suggests, specialise in coffees and they have a wide range of drinks available. They serve Illy coffee, which does not taste a treat - the milk in the lattes are burnt and there is almost no foam on their cappuccinos. Cafe Grande also serves 'Coffee Cocktails' which are priced at around £6 and include drinks such as Irish Coffee and Mississippi (Southern Comfort, apricot coffee and whipped cream) which I haven't been brave enough to try! 

Cafe Grande always has a lively atmosphere inside, especially on a Sunday evening when local Jazz artists perform in the Cafe.
Cafe Grande is a bit of a Bruntsfield institution, having been around the block more than a lot of cafes, and lasted the distance. Their tried and tested formula of laid back eating and drinking, combined with a high quality of edible offerings, and a mix of local regulars, yummy mums (need to find a new way to say this, not keen on this expression for some reason) and of course, students, who are a continual feature of most decent cafes.

Cafe Grande does that thing that I sometimes think is hard to attain with cafes, where there's a good cross over from day time establishment, to evening hang out. Some cafes get it really wrong, and end up looking more like a school canteen with the lights turned off, but with the ever helpful aid of candle light, Cafe Grande sets itself up nicely as a night time venue, with a simple, but tasty menu to match. It feels very European here at times, with the bustle, look and feel of the place, although if you're planning on arriving at a peak eating or drinking time, get here early, because space can be tight.
Cafe Grande was the first cafe I ever went to when I first came to Edinburgh. I went with my mum because we were staying in a B&B somewhere near Bruntsfield, and hadn't quite got our bearings on the city yet, so just stumbled into the first coffee-serving establishment we found. And we weren't at all disappointed. My favourite thing about it was the cake. I'm a total sucker for cheesecake. And they had really delicious cheesecake. 

I also remember eating some sort of sea food there. Maybe prawns, that were deliciously lemony. But it was a while ago. I've been back recently with a friend of mine and had thai fishcakes and was again not disappointed at all. I hear their milkshakes are a bit of let down, but I'm more of a coffee-drinker, so I don't really mind. 

The inside's tiny but homely and the service is generally quite prompt, though I think that reviewing service is never completely reliable as people come and go, and every person reacts differently to pressure.
Good "local" for breakfasts and brunches. Staff friendly and accommodating. Wasn't so busy on the last visit so easier to get a table than it used to be.
Not bad, not great, but not bad. I stopped by here for a spot of Sunday brunch with a good friend. I walked past many tasty looking cafes to get here, so had high hopes that it would be top notch.

Inside, it's all dark wood, rickety furniture and it has charm. It was busy, so it must be popular. The menu wasn't hugely extensive and felt like it hadn't been updated in a good 5 years or so. This isn't necesarily a bad thing. But when I saw the 'full breakfasts' being brought to other tables they reminded me more of traditional Scottish greasy-spoon fare than the best of the best brunch standards. So, I went for the Eggs Benedict.

Brunch, espeically after a hard night partying with some of the best Yelpers in town the night before, is sacred to me. It should soothe your hungry tummy, calm your slightly sore head, and warm the cockles of your soul. The eggs benedict were nice enough but quite bland. And they weren't served with bacon, they were served with wafer-thin slices of smoked ham. A bit of a disappointment.

Also, it didn't help that we were sitting near-ish the front door, and once or twice a waitress stood holding it open when talking to customers, lettings all the freezing cold air in, and cooling down my eggs a lot. The result was one tasty egg, and one very cold egg. Humpf.

The cakes in the cake stand looked very nice. And I've heard there is a great jazz night here, which I must investigate.

But compared to other places I've eaten brunch in, this was very average. Although I must give a shout out to the waitresses who were all very friendly and efficient, and really had their eye on every table ensuring we weren't kept waiting. If it hadn't been for the cold door = cold egg scenario, maybe I would have been happier.
During my Bruntsfield years this place was bit of a god send for recovery food.

Pancakes, bacon & maple syrup = winner
Nachos = obviously a winner
Meal of the day= hot or miss but more hit than miss

Add to that a virgin mary and a pot of earl grey and I was well on way to being back in the world of the living. If I was going to criticise this place its that the staff can be a bit snippy at weekends as they are clearly run off their feet and have no space to move.

They fairly cram in the tables and if the mothers and babies brigade are in avoid at all costs! The noise is bloody awful!

Overall though its a main stay as Cheryl says of the area and always a safe bet in global times of uncertainity in a beleguered world of poverty and war.....! But really its nae bad!

Jd = happy man!
I went here today feeling a bit meh. I was going to meet some clients, and they had chosen it - and I kept thinking of all the other groovy places in the area that we could have gone to instead. Cafe Grande just seems a bit old school, and the menu was all burgers and paninis...

But, in fact, i did have a pretty good lunch. The fishcake was small but tasty, with chips and a little salad - and the cheeseplate afterwards was good, with a choice of Scottish cheeses. Various desserts round the table looked decent too - the banoffee pie got a rave review.

Other lunch choices weren't quite as good - the soup and sandwich in particular seemed a bit dull and "like something you'd make at home", while the beanburger arrived looking forlorn on a plain bun.

So - a nice enough lunch if you're in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Popped in for breakfast having been in for an evening meal a few times. Always a safe bet when my imagination or energy to walk further afield is running low. Scrambled eggs with salmon not too shabby and the coffees hot. It's always pretty busy, though I get the feeling that an empty cafe in Bruntsfield would have to be truly awful.
I came here for pre festival meal. My green Thai curry was delicious, the fruit crumble was pretty average though. Add a glass of Rose and the whole meal came to about 18 quid. Umm, to be honest I've had better meals.....
I've had lunch in Cafe Grande and its been ok. Not wow, not bad but ok.

What it does wow me with is the cheesecake. Specifically multiple varieties of gluten free cheesecake! No one sells gluten free cheesecake. At least no one did till I ended up at Cafe Grande whilst I was flat hunting.  Last time I had white chocolate and raspberry and it was lovely - creamy, not too overpowering and lovely scrumptious raspberries and sauce. The Banoffee Pie rocks too - lovely banana, caramelly goodness! Just don't put it in the fridge if you take it away as the base goes pretty hard (its gf biscuit base remember!). 
I love having a choice and there I've yet to try the baileys cheesecake but its on the list! 

Service is good. It can be busy so it can be hard to get a seat at times but I sometimes just go to get my goodies to take out. 
So, I like Cafe Grande - I love it for the cheesecake and I'm quite tempted to see how it fairs for dinner one night :-)
This spot's pleasant enough; as a few here have said, it's far from mind-meltingly fabulous, but it must be doing something right to remain so busy (as it was) when there are so many other cafes and bars in the area.

I think they must have finally updated the menu since Jenny L's review because one can now choose to have one's Eggs Benedict with spinach, ham, bacon or - for a wee bit extra - smoked salmon. My friend and I went for the classic and we were both delighted with the result. The muffin was toasted just enough to make it crispy without spoiling the fluffiness and the eggs were wonderfully hot (although so was the plate: yowchio! Warn me next time, please, waitress... I didn't spot your gloves until too late!)

But - oh dear, Cafe Grande - there goes a star. There was no drinks menu in sight so we're still not entirely sure if a range of teas was available. The tea, once ordered, took a goodly while to arrive and we had to ask for extra sugar when it did, since there was only one sachet each. 

And - whoops - another. It's not a small place as such, but it feels a bit like they've tried to fit too many people in and so it's kind of cramped. I had to press myself in against the counter while paying so that people could get past and the lady on the till barely said a word to me and swapped over with someone else halfway through taking my payment! Pretty rude, I thought...

So, nice enough for an impromptu brunch with a friend but not somewhere I'd necessarily make plans to go to.
Purposefully leaving room for dessert after an enjoyable meal in the centre of Edinburgh, I was on the lookout for a suitable place to indulge during my walk back home through Brunstfield. 

The prospect of sharing 3 desserts for £8.50 and a couple of coffees in Peckhams' Underground seemed perfect and indeed it was. Licking my spoon dry after a trio of desserts including a pear and almond tart, banoffie pie and a raspberry cranachen my night was complete.

Literally laying the foundation for Peckhams deli I would highly recommend checking out 'the Undergrounds' crimson seating, ruby fairy lights, and all round cosy atmosphere.
Unlike my previous late night dessert and coffee encounter with Peckham's Underground (of which was a thoroughly satisfying affair) I decided to opt for the lunch menu during a wet, boring day in Edinburgh.

A roasted vegetable pie with a tangy chutney, a couple of fishcakes with a similar chutney provided some decent but not amazing homely grub.

Peckham's Underground seems to fully excel in the coffee and cake category but is hindered somewhat by its mediocre lunch offerings.

Still, I will be back.
This is a safe and tasty choice for lunch or dinner, if you're in the area and want something decent and substantial, but you don't want to sit in that slightly posing, minding what you're doing way that some restaurants make you feel like you have to do.

Peckhams is well established in Edinburgh as one of the top delis of choice for lovers of fine cuts of salami, tubs of plump olives and hunks of cheese you don't get in the supermarket. The tastiness and far better than average quality of the fare served up in Peckhams Underground is similar to the standard and type of food on offer at the deli, with a classic, fairly straightforward menu for night and day scoffing, plus some indulgent looking desserts. It's pretty moody and dark down here, with the red seating and dimmed lighting, so it could be a good call for a bottle of wine and some dating skills, plus it's laidback enough so that there's never too much pressure on your dining experience.
I love this place... this place has all delicious food, and I lived just above here, so this place was like my huge gourmet fridge.  I still miss it!
Oh Peckhams, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.

Upstairs, your shop floors abound with tempting delicacies, delights and mouthwatering treats. Pricey you may be, but delectable and therefore worth my pretty pennies.

But for this review I turn to your restaurant, Peckhams Underground. What a cosy little cave this turned out to be.

Plush red velvet booths allowed me to recline in the lap of luxury (well, minus the big tear on one of the chairs that couldn't help but irritate the perfectionist in me). 

Friendly waitresses who put up with my indecisive, order-changing mood...twice..with a smile.

Romantic, cosy and perfect for a date, or as I did, dinner with some lovely lady friends.

The menu full of delicious dishes, left me stumped for a few moments (and as I said, required me to change my order.) Platter to share? It's there, abound with venison, salmon, cheeses, deli items, roast veg. Little nibbles? You bet, there's smoked salmon and pates galore. Or a bigger, heartier meal? Yes please. Make mine the chicken breast with sweet potato mash.

Yes, still a little pricier than a pub-dinner, but oh it was worth it. The food really was delicious, prepared wonderfully, seasoned to perfection, I can't really complain about anything. 

And the desserts, chalked up on BOTH sides of the chalk board. Theres little treats (tray bakes, scones, mince pies) and then the larger desserts (banoffee pie, cheesecakes and more). All 4 desserts my companions and I sampled induced those *eyes to heaven* moments, and made my taste buds literally tingle.

Yes Peckhams, you may have left my wallet a good few pennies lighter, and my waist line a good inch wider, but you were worth that sacrifice. Next time I want a cosy date, or a tete a la tete with some good friends, I'll be sure to look you up.
As this Peckhams is right down the street from where I work, I've opted for a bite to eat and a glass of wine here a handful of times, as well as the staff Christmas night out twice.  

It might be the time of day, but every time I've been here there haven't been many full tables which never fails to confuse me because of where it is located and its tasty grub.  To me, this is the perfect place to head for a drink and a bite to share after work because they have a great variety of antipasti platters and a good selection of drinks.  I think maybe the problem is the fact that is really is set up like a restaurant and feels just a bit formal for post-work drinking.

The two Christmas meals I've had here have been standard, but when a chef is churning out 25 meals at once to a table full of drunk academics, no one is really bothered by a bit of dry turkey.  

Overall, Peckhams Underground has good food, excellent service, and good drinks in a relaxed atmosphere.  A must visit when in Bruntsfield.
I came here for a late lunch last Saturday when my man asked me to help him move office and I we both desperately needed food when we were finished.

Unlike my previous comment about this place being empty - it was packed.  So packed that we really felt for the one waitress who was frantically running around trying to keep everyone happy.  

We hummed and hawed over the menu a lot because everything looked really tasty but finally decided to share the baked camembert with bread, salad and cranberries, and the chorizo and bean stew.  They were both out.of.this.world.  Seriously.  I mean, baked camembert is going to be good any time but oooooooooo man.  When we'd eaten up all of the bread, my man actually took to eating the cheese with a spoon.  Disgustingly tasty.  His stew, though, was absolutely amazing.  Seriously, I want to know how to make it so I can eat it all of the time.  It was so chocked full of tastiness I actually want to go back right now and have more.  

We had a couple of beers with our oh-so-amazing lunch and my guy decided that next time the boys want an after work pint, he's going to suggest Peckhams.  They have sharing platters and I think I saw nachos too, great treats to put some padding in your belly at the end of a long day, when a beer is the only thing that can cure the ills of a week at work.
Oh how disappointed I was yesterday when my Peckhams lunch was so so so much less than it was before.

I actually attempted to come to dinner here on Thursday and was (a bit rudely) informed that they're not open during the week, and that the opening hours are on the door.  Hum... interesting because I have eaten here during the week before... 
Well, that combined with the abysmal meal we consumed, left me wondering if it is now under new management.

The menu has changed completely and it appears that if you want lunch or dinner, you have to buy into their two or three course set menu.  
I don't really like eating a lot of courses, but can handle it for dinner... not for lunch.  All I really wanted was a panini with a side salad but had to order two courses of very sub par scran.

My starter was fish cakes, while the man had tomato and rocket soup.  The fish cakes were mostly potato and the bits that were actually fish, were a) smoked (an important detail to include on the menu) and b) undercooked.  I know that fish doesn't have to be cooked through, but when it's in a fish cake, you expect it to be.  My man's soup didn't taste like it has been seasoned.  It was as though tomatoes and rocket were blitzed together and heated up.  

For my main I originally ordered the Thai Green Curry with sweet potatoes and noodles (it sounded a bit strange, but I love green curry so wanted to try it) but they were out, so I went with chicken.  The man had a lamb burger.  My chicken, while well cooked, was literally swimming in a mustard sauce which completely masked the flavour of the meat and made the whole dish just taste like mustard.  It was accompanied by (again) un-seasoned and poorly roasted new potatoes, and some odd sloppy looking artichoke hearts and roasted bell peppers.  The man's burger apparently tasted a bit strange, and his oven chips were a bit under done.  

My man is the least picky eater in the world, and he actually sat across from me and said "this food is pretty crap, isn't it?"
We both agreed that it was like we'd been given posh canteen food.  

To add to this, the restaurant was full but it is small enough that with two waitresses working, we should have gotten much better service.  Our waters were never re-filled, it took ages to catch someone's eye to get the bill, then ages for them to come pick it back up again to give us change.  

The kicker was that two courses set us back £22 - £11 each.  Locanda de Gusti, which has been called the best Italian in Scotland, offers a two course lunch for £11.95, which we know would never be compared to glorified canteen food.
Great for picking up a healthy lunch on the go. The are usually two soups to choose from, go before 1oclock as there is usally none left after that. Theres a rewards card if you purchase soup and a sandwich together. handy.
JK might've written bits of HP here, but I'm sure I read an interview in which she gave that honour to a completely different cafe on Nicholson Street, now closed. 
Elephant House have certainly staked their claim in letters writ large though, which means you can't walk past this cafe without ending up in someone's holiday snaps. It also means it's very busy at lunchtime. The sign says get your food before bagsying a table, but you're unlikely to be sitting while you eat unless you have an accomplice to throw your coats onto a couple of chairs while you're in the queue.
The food is quite good, I think. I've had some delicious paninis there and some very nice pastries. And not that expensive in my opinion. Service is usually quite fast - they have to be given the popularity of the place, and you can get stuff to take away too. If you have elephant phobia then steer clear, the predominant theme in this cafe's decor is elephant.
And yes, if you can get a window seat the views are lovely.
This place likes to claim that J.K. Rowling wrote her famous tomes here, but it is not true. The place where she actually wrote is now a Chinese Buffet place a few blocks away (the building sports a modest plaque). The also like to claim that Hogwarts was inspired by the view from their windows, but that is also unconfirmed.

Despite their grandiose claims, this place is nice. I enjoyed my cheese sandwich and tea. The table where I sat was comfy for reading and contemplating. They have simple comfort food, pleasant service, and a great view of the castle and the cemetery

My friend worked here for a while, and she is really excellent. Five stars for my friend Emily VD.
As Mrs Rach has reported, I did indeed used to work here.  Prior to working here I was something of a groupie - the boys behind the counter were flirty and gave me free stuff and the boss let me bring in my computer and sit around for hours while I worked on my MSc.  When I finally earned my degree I realised I needed a job in the real world - so promptly begged for employment here. 
Working here rocked - mostly. 

The cool stuff:
The staff, the really awesome selection of tea, french press coffee and tray bakes (I gained so much weight working here because I pretty much lived off of chicken sandwiches, brownie milkshakes and chocolate topped flapjacks...mmmmm).  We were also incredibly inappropriate with each other and customers - best night was when the cook decorated a dessert I needed to take out to a customer with a chocolate syrup penis.  Amazing.
Oh and it's also open late - not many coffee places in Edinburgh are which makes this place a wee gem (and there's booze too if you fancy a Bailey's coffee)

The less cool stuff:
the food's microwaved and while that works most of the time, sometimes it REALLY doesn't.  It's also full of stupid dirty crappy tourists far too often and as a result, in the afternoons it's nearly impossible to get a table.  
Oh and the music - it used to be good but just before I quit it had become a soul destroying loop of horribleness (I won't mention specific band names here because I'll probably offend someone horribly but OMYGODIFIEVERHEARJACKJOHNSONAGAINIMIGHTKILLMYSELF... oops)
A friend recommended this place to me as a coffee house with a character. So far her recommendations were on the spot. I went, I saw, I conquered. With the view of the castle and their specialty drinks, it was a great way to warm up on a chilly Edinburgh day (hot chocolate involving Baileys or Scotch works for me just fine). If only I had enough talent, I could write here the whole novel or, perhaps, short stories involving elephants? - Very writing friendly surrounding ... Well - you just need occasionally phase out the tourists. 

The other day I met a couple of them - they were studying their maps and guides very carefully, keeping their voices down. I wasn't sure - I thought I heard some German word here or there, but if they were Germans indeed, I would have heard them loud and clear. I guessed Swiss, whose frustration around the world is being mistaken for Germans or being hardly noticeable at all. I couldn't resist approaching them. It turned out they were Swiss from Zurich, a couple of days in Edinburgh on their way to Highlands. After a long chat, they had a few very useful suggestions for me, who still knows zilch about the city.... Sometimes it pays off to come across some organized tourists ... As opposed to the one writing these words - a disorganized, ignorant me ....

One star down for lack of wireless. They have their own internet stations, if you need  a quick check. Also, avoid the place if you do not like crowds - it has become too popular for its own good ...
I love the back room, it has a great view of the castle. Its a good spot to meet friends, central and with a variety of sandwiches. The coffee and croissants are specially good.
This place was decent but crazy busy!  Interesting with the J.K. Rowling history... we just happened to be walking by and hungry.  If you're going at a peak time, get ready for a wait.
We visited this relaxing coffee shop twice on our visit to Edinburgh.  Delicious lattes, yummy sugar cookies shaped like elephants, and awesome ice cream.  We felt completely comfortable, and liked the friendly ambience and leisurely atmosphere.  Great place to unwind after doing all the touristy stuff and feel like you're rubbing shoulders with at least a few locals.
Oh dear dear dear. This place USED to be nice. But I'm only giving it two stars rather than one for the views out. The food would disgrace a greasy spoon or burger bar. It may LOOK as if it's going to be nice, but don't be fooled.


 I ordered a burger, which was thin, dry, nasty cheap meat, on the cheapest possible white roll with a couple of slivers of tomato. No chips, as I'd foolishly expected. And get this, no sauces or relishes available. The waiter brought me salad dressing as the only thing they had! On a burger??? My partner's veggie pie was somehow both soggy and hard, and quite tasteless, disgusting.


 Oh, and their "birthplace if Harry Potter" claim either. JK may have gone their a few times, but her main haunt was on Nicoson Street. It's obvious they get plenty of customers so I guess they are just so cynical they don't feel they have to bother with providing decent food. But I for one am never going back.
the quiche was super tasty and my boyfriend was in love with his vat of carrot and coriander soup. busy, not great seating and a bit cramped. but a nice little place.  they could stand to heat it a bit more, though.
after an extensive walking tour of edinburgh, we stopped here to recharge. like every other tourist, we came here because of harry potter. 

we were pretty lucky; we got a seat by the window with a nice view of the castle. the latte and tea were delicious. the vibe was chill, so was the decor.
I visited Edinburgh with my family in summer 2009, and a friend of mine who went to school at the University  suggested I go to the Elephant House once while I was there. I also came across several articles about this place because JK Rowling wrote some of Harry Potter here. Upon entering the dining area you can understand why; the comfortable casual ambiance of the medium sized cafe has a great view of Edinburgh castle, perhaps the most incredible scenic architectural attraction that looks over the beautiful city, and there is a pretty garden just outside.

Mine, and my family's lunch was great, nothing to rave about but it was definitely good and tasty.  The elephant shaped cookies were cute and tasty.  But even better than the food was the entertainment laying within the desks and tables!  It was so fun to relax and eat while reading the poems, little stories, and excerpts from other people on their travels.  It was quite amazing.  Of course, we all obliged and wrote something to stick in the desks, contributing to this cafe's unspoken tradition.  Books of all kinds line the shelves, and the furniture often has an elephant carved or painted on it somewhere.  The place is downright adorable.  I do love cafes and this one definitely does it right by having there cashier and orders placed at the front where you walk in, and then you go find a table. The dining area is quite nice, especially since it is not right where people order.  ALSO, like most people I encountered in Scotland, the people working were very nice and asked me if I had my student ID card when I ordered so that I would be able to get 10% off.  I love that!

Whenever I end up going back to Scotland, and Edinburgh specifically, I am definitely going to the Elephant House again.
This is a cute, cosy cafe in the perfect location just off the Royal Mile. Like everyone else, my friends and I came here for lunch because of the JK Rowling connection after visiting the nearby Spoon Cafe Bistro (also a former cafe where Rowling used to write) and finding the menu too eccentric for us. We were pleased to find that the menu was reasonably priced and really, really good. My chicken tikka baked potato was delicious, as was my smoothie, which I'd been craving all day. The staff was fun and friendly, and the place itself is lovely, with a great view of the castle from the back room (which is said to have inspired Hogwarts). I'll definitely come back if I ever visit Edinburgh again.
When I first stumbled upon this cafe, way back in 98-I thought I had found the cafe of my dreams. It was bright, open, and airy with fabulous elephant art and trinkets.  Elephants and coffee are passions of mine so it was Nirvana.  The cappucinos were ideal-strong espresso, lots of froth. It was never TOO crowded.

Then came HARRY POTTER.  I must say I'm not a fan but was initially impressed that J.K Rowling supposedly wrote the tome there.  In fact, I would often tell the little white lie that I had actually often seen her writing the thing during my visits to the ELEPHANT cafe.  

However the last few times I have visited-The Elli (as I referred to it), things have been different.  First of all-the crowds and queues could have been tolerable perhaps without the computers at the front (a bad sign).  Many other people had laptops.  I just think laptops in cafes are wrong. If you are going to write in cafes, it should brief spurts of inspiration written furiously in longhand.  But I digress.  The back room is still beautiful, but crowded.  The cappucinoes are okay but not what they were.  The front is crammed with crowds and elephant chachka (teeshirts, hats, keychains). Ahh...why aren't things as we remember them.
The famous and official birthplace of Harry Potter. And it sure has a very inspiring setting, with a high ceiling yet cosy main room, views to the castle and Herriot's School(allegedly what Hogwarts is based on) and elephants all over the place, plus a late opening. 
Why so few stars?
Firstly, because of the Harry Potter claim, this place has become a popular tourist stop as well as over-merchandised. The service is not good for the prices it demands, with the after 6 seated service to be particular slow- all tables seem to be the waiters blind spots. As for the food, well I had a pizza there with a friend and it was basically overpriced soggy cardboard. In another occasion I tried the fajitas- also disappointing. Moreover, the coffee service during the day was particularly unfriendly and impatient. However, I have to admit their French coffee is good. And their late opening hours in a scenic atmosphere are appealing for those who like a quiet evening or read/write. After all, if JK Rowling was inspired maybe it can rub off? The tables are actually quite ideal for this, not to mention the stunning views of the castle from their large windows. If only there were separate stars to give to ambience this place would get 5! 

The waiters seem to have many blind spots in the room, but having similar work experience myself, I can completely understand why customers can become invisible. Just make sure you wave enough.
 If you do decide to trek here, avoid the lunch hours, as they get to be quite hectic, finding a table is unreliable and the noise level is quite high because of its high ceilings.(and too many small kids)
This cafe also has a cousin, Elephants and Bagels which is to my opinion a lot more friendly and less "stuck-up" about famous visitors.
This is the supposed home and birth place of JK Rowlings Harry Potter, and because of this it has become a massive tourist trap, for those who seem to think that JK might be there penning her next creation. And yes, the Elephant House is an insperational place to write - if you manage to get in here away from the tourists, you will find a nicely decorated cafe with beautiful views, a friendly atmosphere and nice staff. Get it on a bad day, and you will enter a place that is too crowded, hot, slow and a bit nightmarish if im frank.

The food here really seems to have gone down hill as well, in my first year Elephant House being so close to the uni was my breakfast port of call - but now the food seems over priced, and generally a bit crap - i really didnt enjoy my paninni and coffee.

The Elephant House seems to have given itself to the tourists, and really gone down hill.
Yes, so this is where J K Rowling supposedly sat to write a tiny bit of one of the Harry Potter novels. And yes, from one of the windows you can see the castle. But let's face it, you can see the castle from most parts of the city centre, and to be honest your chances of getting anywhere near that particular table are slim to none anyway.

Aside from the gimmicks, it's just another coffee place that serves soups/sandwiches/cakes etc. Except it's not even a particularly good one. The way you carry your tray away from the till down the long, narrow room to try and find the last available table whilst getting stared at by all the other smug-looking people already sat down, will make you feel like you're back at school again. Except at school, you didn't pay around £8 for an ok-ish sandwich and a cup of tea.

If you judge a place based on how busy it is, then there aren't enough stars in the world to award this place. But unfortunately it's not just can't-find-table-anywhere busy, it's also the staff who are rushing round like lunatics and they certainly don't move out of the way for you... even with your huge school dinner tray.
Back in her days on the dole queue, hatchet faced old misery guts JK Rowling would (supposedly) come in here to spend a few quid of taxpayers money on a fancy coffee, while she penned an enchanting story about a boy wizard who could magically print £50 notes. Lots of them.

Elephant House rams their tenuous link to the world's most miserable billionaire down our throats at every turn, and to be honest it doesn't seem to me that they have much else up their sleeve. It looks a lot nicer from the outside than it does when you actually go in, and the standard of grub is far closer to school canteen levels than the fairly hefty price tags would suggest.

It does seem that the owners charge some sort of supplement for their customers to have the priviledge of sitting on the same seats that the loathsome old cow did in the late 90s. My slice of rocky road was tasty, but not enough so to merit the 50% price hike compared to other cafes nearby.

Nothing special, and a bit irritating.
A legendary coffee house on the Edinburgh scene, where travellers, students, tourists, locals, writers and everyone congregates for some caffeine infused chit chat. Having a brilliant passing trade position on George IV Bridge is always going to give anywhere a helping hand with popularity, but to be honest, I doubt The Elephant House really needs a boost in that sense, as it's pretty laid back, charming and very enjoyable all by itself.

The coffee is great, as are the teas, delicious looking cakes and savoury food menu. I devoured the chilli dish of the day, plus a chamomile tea, the last time I was in. With the wide and light spaces, and big tables filled with a mixture of bustle and types of people, it's always a real pleasure to come in here, as you feel like there's always something good happening and a bit of creativity going on. Maybe it's just because I miss being a student a wee bit, but I do like overhearing students doing their uni work and having heated debates about whatever topic they're studying. A chilled out place to discuss, work, blether, or think.
So apparently JK Rowling often wrote Harry Potter here. I think you need to be a true Potter head to give a hoot about that. I don't understand the big deal. Do Harry Potter fans hope by coming here they will bump into JK? Or Harry Potter will be working there? It all seems very odd to me. 

Because of this "connection" with Harry Potter, Elephant House does a roaring trade. Goodness knows why because it's a standard cafe selling mediocre cakes and coffee. There are a hundred better (quieter) cafes in Edinburgh, so unless you are a die hard Harry Potter fan there is not reason to go here. In fact even if you are a die hard Harry Potter fan there is no reason to go here, unless you are expecting a wizard to appear and bestow upon you great wealth similar to that of JK.
As previous reviewers have mentioned, it's rather ridiculous that Elephant House seems to milk all it can out of the fact that J.K Rowling wrote Harry Potter here. She probably wrote one page or something and it's pretty ridiculous the prices that this place charges just because they know Harry Potter fanatics will pay them just because they want to say they've been here. I agree with many of the other reviewers, unless you're really really into Harry Potter then give this place a miss, everything about it is standard... apart from the prices which are extortionate.

Elephant House overlooks Greyfriars graveyard and I went on a ghost walk there once only to be informed, yet again that Elephant House was the birth place of Harry Potter. Enough already!
I hear this is where JK Rowing wrote Harry Potter.

Famous history aside, this place is actually pretty cool. It's quite chic in its own little way. It's always busy due to afore mentioned claim to fame, but it's always really lovely too. If you're lucky enough to get a seat then stick with it until the doors are closing. Only once have I managed to get a seat and sat there for hours - it was brilliant.

It's definitely the sort of place to bring your brothers and sisters and mums and dads to show them Edinburgh. it's lovely.
So you are in Edinburgh and you want somewhere to have a nice breakfast....why not try The Elephant House....

In short:
1) great food (kinda important);
2) nice decor - there are elephants EVERYWHERE;
3) nice atmosphere - a mix of both locals and tourists; and
4) great history (someone penned the small art-house book series about a boy wizard here).

The price is right too and the food was good...I mentioned the food right?

Whilst the staff were nice I felt that they were understaffed and that this kinda spoilt things a little. This should not be taken to mean that the staff there were not doing their job properlly - this place was busy and the staff were like Scottish versions of Road Runner....keep up the good work guys....Beep Beep.

Okay that wasn't really a short review but I can be long winded.
The way some people talk about The Elephant House you would think it was going to lead us to the promised land. I have never really understood the delirium. For a start I'm not going to mention the "HP" word (clue: I'm not talking about the sauce).

The Elephant House does have some appeal. Yes its central location and large space are appealing, but that's somewhat negated if you can never find a seat and it takes half a day to ques. Yes its late opening hours are a great idea in a city where the only place you can go after 8pm is the pub or bed, but whats the appeal if your only option is overpriced coffee (which you probably still have to que for). Yes it seemingly has a good range of lunchtime snacks, but that's not much good if the portions are so small you question the fact you just ordered a meal, and so overpriced you need to get a second job to make up for it.

Maybe I've just been unlucky, maybe it's because of all the hype it was easy to feel let down. But i have always found The Elephant House to be offer pricey small portions of average food. It's fine if you can avoid the crowds but otherwise there are plenty of alternatives nearby.
Wizards aside, there are other reasons to visit The Elephant House.  I do believe that many people visit it because of the quality of what is offered, rather than purely because someone (supposedly) wrote some books there.  I've been here a few times now, and have enjoyed each one.  It does tend to be busy, especially in the summer with all the tourists, but come in the winter during term time, and it's the perfect hideaway for that last minute essay-writing session.

I think that coming into this place without knowledge of the wizard-based hype is the best thing to do.  The food is fairly standard cafe-bistro style, and has always satisfied me in quenching hunger.  This place enjoys a great view of the castle from an assortment of different tables in the back area, with a few tables near the main servery at the front.

I'm pleased that The Elephant House has stuck to its roots, with lots of elephant-based things.  I wouldn't have wanted it to turn into some big Harry Potter shrine, as that would ruin what is a lovely little cafe.  I hope that they keep it this way.  I think if it changed, I would stop going.
Once upon a time, Ian Rankin, JK Rowling and Alexander McCall Smith used to go to The Elephant House to sit and write over endless cups of coffee. Lord knows what any of them would think if they went back for an espresso or latte now. 

Aside from the terrible service and permanently stressed looking staff, the place is so darn busy it's difficult to get a table. Spring to summer especially, the cafe is jam-packed with tourists desperate to secure a seat with views of the Castle. To make it worse, there's merchandise everywhere you look, the music is insipid and there's a live webcam opening til closing time so strangers across the world can watch as you eat your lunch! 

The biggest disappointment however, has to be the food and drink. On paper, soup, panninis, pitta, quiche and baked potatoes sounds quite promising but I suspect from tasting the last two that everything is part cooked in advance then microwaved. The coffee I ordered was equally bland and frothy. 

Free Wi-Fi or not, The Elephant House are going to have to raise their game if they want to inspire a new generation of writers!
The Elephant House is a coffee house that I tend to visit rarely. I am not a massive Harry Potter fan and have only come here to meet up with friends. The place is very nice inside with a warm décor which as has already been stated with a running theme of elephant influenced décor. The seating area at the back is pretty small to be honest, especially for it catering to the many thousands of tourists who flock to this place every year.

Each time I have come here I have had the hot chocolate, every time it has been brilliant. However, every time I have had to wait quite a long time for it, due to its fame, the Elephant House always has queues and is extremely busy. A far cry I would imagine from before the Harry Potter craze.

Worth a visit, but be patient and watch out for the tourists!
I didn't decide to go here because of the whole "birthplace of Harry Potter" thing, but if you're into the books, that's probably pretty cool. I met friends there, and I'm told we were sitting at the same table where J.K. Rowling used to sit and write. It's kind of neat, but not enough to make me love the place. The place itself is okay. Not great, but okay.The food doesn't suck, but it's not all that great, either, especially at those prices. 

Things that'd make the experience better:
1. Coffee that's actually hot, instead of lukewarm
2. Dressing on the salad instead of dry greens, or at least other options for sides instead of a dry salad
3. Lower prices. 

If you go, go because you're a Harry Potter fan or because you like the view of the castle. That way, you're getting a little more for your money because you're getting a tourist attraction as well as something to eat. If you go just because you're wandering around Edinburgh in search of a bite to eat, move on. You can do a lot better.
Walking along historic old town along George IV Bridge, we happened upon Elephant House, a small café that is rumored to be where JK Rowlings was inspired to write Harry Potter. Enjoy a simple breakfast, good coffee and a great place to sit and have a bite to eat while reading the paper or a good book.
I was SO excited when I saw this restaurant because I was a huge Harry Potter fan!  Yes, I was a tourist and I had absolutely no shame taking pictures of everything I saw - particularly the view of the Edinburgh Castle that inspired Hogwarts and the window where J.K. Rowling sat to write her early novels.

With that aside, The Elephant House was just another cute cafe to me.  It was extremely packed though.  It took a while to order and get our food because there's always a ridiculous line of tourists.  The back room was where ended up eating because we wanted that same view of the castle.  Unfortunately, our experience was crippled by the horrible service, and the tables were quite disgusting and sticky.  When we finally got our food, my sandwich was a bit dry and bland, and my tea wasn't very hot either..

Overall, I think this cafe was more of a Harry Potter tourist spot than anything else.  Without the crowds, I'm sure it would be a relaxing place to read or meet up with friends.
Lovely views of the castle and a decent place to get an afternoon snack and a pot of tea. I recommend the Chicken Tikka Baked Potato. I love Chicken Tikka Masala, so throw that on top of a baked potato on a chilly day, along with a cup of tea and I'm the happiest person that can be. 

My sister and I weren't super impressed with the quality of the hot drinks - she had a mocha that people had recommended but said it was really only so-so. I had an espresso affogato which was pretty good, but not amazing. When we came another day, we had the Scottish Breakfast Blend - a house specialty, and that was quite tasty. So I would definitely recommend the tea over the coffee drinks.

The prices are decent and the service pretty okay, so overall, a nice place to relax in the afternoon. I can definitely see how J.K. Rowling found this to be the perfect creative environment to write Harry Potter.
Claiming to the birthplace of Harry Potter is a blessing and a curse for The Elephant House. It attracts hoards or tourists who might not wander this far from the Mile otherwise, who then mix with (and it doesn't always work out for the best) with locals who want to catch up with friends or a central meeting spot.

Because they can rely on a steady stream of trade, the service standards aren't the best and they can get away with the food and drinks being fairly average. The Stromboli we had was quite bland and the chai lattes with treated ourselves were, well, not a treat after all.

Still, it's a busy little spot to rest in, with great views of the castle, but there are better places nearby which don't rely on selling themselves out for business.
The birthplace of Harry Potter!  One of the highlights of our trip.

We went expecting to get just coffee and ending up eating lunch there.  Mom and I were both more than a little impressed.  

I had a cafe mocha, lemon muffin, baked potato and a side salad (yes i am still greedy).  Nothing disappointed.  It was all tasty.  Best of all, all of this stuff cost only 11 pounds.  Not bad at all.

Inside they have a lot of articles about the coffee house in general and about JK Rowling.  It's such a cool - can't miss - place if you ever visit Edinburough.

The staff is very nice, friendly and helpful.  It reminds me of a place in Berkeley - kind of hippyish.  I can see why JK spent so much time there.
Don't bother. I ordered a hot chocolate, a relatively simple affair and it tasted like hot water. I've experienced much better at Starbucks, the AMT stand at Haymarket and (gasp) Costa. That's pretty bad if all of them can beat an independent.

It clearly relies on the Harry Potter tourism and doesn't need to make much of an effort. It clearly shows in the end product and service. Such a pity, as it's a lovely place inside and would be nice to sit in. But why bother giving them business with such an attitude?
OK, I admit we stopped in here because of the Harry Potter connection (which, like most legends, is not quite true - JK Rowling actually only wrote a few pages of one of the books here. There were a number of other cafés she used to frequent.). I wasn't expecting old JK to actually still be hanging out here; I was just mildly curious to see what might have attracted her to write here.

I can see what JK probably liked about this place back in the day - great view of the castle, quirky elephant-themed art and furnishings, a decent cup of latte, and a variety of sandwiches. I bet it was a lot quieter back then, too. Now it's noisy, crowded with tourists, and JK is probably too rich and snobby to ever set foot in here again. Luckily, we happened to come here mid-week in the evening when there weren't so many people there. If you decide to try it, stop by during the middle of the week or late at night to avoid the crowds, but don't go out of your way to visit it. All in all, it's just an average little café/bistro.
To be honest, it can't be worst than this! 

Everything was bad, coffee, food , place... 

I'd rather flush my money down the toilet than to go to this place again.
Sigh. Birthplace of Harry Potter..... using this as the only tag-line to draw people in I was pretty safe in the assumption i was going to hate it. And don't I love it when I am right.

A chum of mine who studies english literature and is a complete potter-nutter came through to visit me on my first week in Edinburgh and she was pretty keen to give this a go. Knowing that I hated it I smiled and nodded hoping it wouldn't be too cliche, and that they might at least have some good coffee. 

Once we arrived it didn't seem too potter-mad, and we joined what was a reasonable sized queue for what felt like forever!?!? They had several members of staff but only the ONE taking orders, making drinks, plating up cakes, and doing the till. Hence, a very long wait. Once we had finally been served I ordered a cappuccino and a piece of carrot cake. We then found ourselves some seats near the front. This is another thing I do not like - had it been anywhere else I would have ordered and got my friend to grab some seats. But no not here, this is not 'allowed'...... well I don't want to end up buying your poor coffee and average cake to find I have nowhere to sit!? Surely I deserve that at least.

The rant continues - the toilets- SORT THEM OUT. They are covered in graffiti about how harry potter has changed lives....... yawn. Its a book, and to be honest it just makes the toilets seem filthy. Even my over excited friend said, and I quote - that's just weird. Even I love Harry Potter, but that is just too far. Think it sums it all up pretty nicely.
How does this place have 3 stars?! Ya'll are cray cray. 

Listen - this was my favorite dining spot on my most recent trip to europe (which included 5 countries). Not because the food was the most spectacular ever, but it was pretty darn good. Paired with the cute ambiance, local attitude, and notoriety for Harry Potter's birth place - this place deserves a 5! 

I remember what I ordered 5 months ago. I had this great little salad with light dressing, salty salmon, and tasty bread. Loved it. I sat and journaled here, soaking up the inspiration as I wrote. It was pretty cool to look around this cafe and think: "This is where Harry Potter was figuratively conceived." 

I would come here time and time again if I could. I would love to try all of the other yummies on the menu. 

Bottom line - good food, service, vibe, ambiance, and quality.
I was a bit worried that a horde of Harry Potter fans would seek me out and cause me harm if I wrote a poor review for this place, but judging by the other comments I'm certainly not alone in my misgivings. 

Chaos when ordering, weak coffee and a lack lustre menu, together with an overall sense of rush to get out left me feeling more than a little let down. I remember coming here years ago to see a mate play in a band and was quite taken with the setup.  Less so now.  

It's little wonder Rowling sought escape in fantasy fiction if reality can be this depressing.
Having avoided this place at first, due to the threat of tourists and a milion Harry Potter fans, I found myself meeting friends here on a Thursday after work. I was sceptical at first as the ordering point was chaotic and it took awhile to get an order taken but once I was served I was impressed. A tapas style board arrived with olives, tortilla and mediterrean veggies - yum and all gluten free (if the bread is not added to it). A great range of cakes is available and I was impressed there were around 5 choices of proper gluten free cake (Victoria sponge, almond cake, chocolate cakes), and not just the usual chocolate brownies.

For locals wanting to try it, I suspect a non busy time such as late afternoon mid-week would mitigate some of the issues mentioned in previous reviews but I have already recommended The Elephant House to other friends.
Great atmosphere! Had a cappachino and tea. Didn't try the food. No free internet either. Good place to warm up and have a warm drink.
Over a year living in the Old Town of Edinburgh, and not yet visited The Elephant House. What sort of Edinburgher am I?

Thinking about it, it's probably because when I normally pass it's totally mobbed from around 11am onwards for lunch and afternoon coffee opportunities. And it is generally mobbed with tourists who want to visit 'the birth place of Harry Potter'. In fact, it seems to be a pilgramage point for all HP fans, which isn't more evident than in the Ladies toilets (I can't speak for the Gents) where the walls are a veritable written temple to both JK and HP - one of which amusingly said "What did Scotland have before Harry Potter?!" No comment.

Anyway. Luck would have it that at 9.30am on a Wednesday morning it's much quieter. With the need for a good breakfast I popped in here and was pleasantly surprised. It's really, really big out back (well much bigger than I thought) with really big tables too. So plenty space to sprawl and even more impressive that it's packed most days when it's so big.

Breakfast wise, there was a good selection although they didn't have pancakes. Sad face. And they don't do fried eggs, only scrambled (I feel this is worth pointing out if you're a fried / poached fan such as myself). But the roll I had with bacon and scrambled was grand, and the Full Scottish opposite me looked like it hit the spot - especially the sausages.

Kudos for the super large pot of tea with fresh tea leaves that was VERY strong by the end. The cakes also looked amazing.

I can imagine that when it gets super busy, the less than stellar reviews come from slightly sloppy service due to rushed staff. But catching this place early morning when it's quiet, with lovely tunes on the stereo (Fleetwood Mac and Leonard Cohen anyone) and lots and lots of ELEPHANTS (I really like elephants), regardless of whether the Immaculate Conception of HP happened here or not, I was a happy wee camper here.
We had lunch at The Elephant House during a day wandering around Edinburgh. We had tried to go for dinner the night before, but were told they weren't serving food. Hmph.

We ordered our food at the counter and were then seated in the back - not right at the window, but at a table with a decent view of Hogwarts - I mean Edinburgh Castle. ;)

Hubby & I split the soup of the day - Spicy Homemade Meatball. This was our favorite thing we ate all day! YUMMERS. Spicy & hot & delicious & perfect for a cold day exploring the city. The bread that came with it was nothing spectacular. We also split the special BBQ Chicken Panini and Lamb & Mint Pie with gravy & mashed potatoes. The panini was good - but nothing spectacular or special - and the lamb pie was hot with a delicious crust. Basically everything you expect a lamb pie to be.

I can see why JKR sat here. The coffees are under 2 pounds and it's cozy with, obviously, amazing views.

Be sure to check out the bathrooms, which have been covered in graffiti exulting the wonders of Harry Potter.
Being the obsessed Harry Potter fan that I am, I had to visit The Elephant House, famous for being the site where JK Rowling would slowly nurse her coffee while writing the Harry Potter books. The girl's bathroom was completely covered with comments from adoring fans and there was a nice coffee shop vibe.

I had the rocket salad with lox. It was pretty standard, though there was way too much olive oil on it. I also shared the Veggie Antipasti Platter. The roasted sweet potatoes and mixed salad were great! However, the egg tortilla was too bland and needed copious amounts of pepper. The toasted bread that came with my salad and the platter was good and I am always glad when the butter is slightly melted and easier to spread.

Service was friendly, but a bit slow. The real appeal of The Elephant House is that it is the birthplace of Harry Potter and if you are a huge Harry Potter buff, it's nice to check out.
There's nothing special about Elephant House. Except of course THE FRIGGIN' MAGIC OF HARRY POTTER.

Oh, and they have a decent affogato.
I had a meat pie with mashed potatoes and a "relaxer" coffee and it came to 8 pounds.  The food was not horrible but it was pretty bland.  I got a window seat (view of a chunk of Edinburgh castle) at a share table with strangers... The view really wasn't that great either.
Yes, the Elephant House is lovely, and yes, it has a good atmosphere, but listen up: do not attempt to go in on a rainy Wednesday afternoon after 5. It's so crowded it took 20 minutes just to get a seat! (My partner in coffee crime had suggested we meet there and I was loathe to hop back out into the rain again).

Having said that, nomnomnom, good coffee. There are several ways to get me happy and not burning the coffee or milk it comes with, is definitely one of them. I was pleasantly surprised as I really didn't expect anything too impressive coffee-wise, mainly because of the touristy nature of the place. 

Boy was I wrong. It's lovely, and cozy, and good for conversations that last for hours, and, yes, on a rainy afternoon I fully understand why half of Edinburgh wants to hide within these four walls. It's just too popular for it's own good, that's all.
I did not know that it was where J K Rowling wrote Harry Potter when I found the place... That changed after a trip to its toilet and a quick Google search.

It's often packed, the food is good and the staff are friendly.

I've had my fair share of its marvelous cakes, coffee and if you're looking for a real meal... I've enjoyed its chicken salad, and its pizza is pretty decent. The nachos are always a must for my friends and I. The price is slightly above average for a poor scholar but it's worth it as the portions are big enough to share.

I can see why it's a lovely place to write in... Not a bad place to hang out, I can totally imagine myself kicking back here... writing...

New in Edinburgh? Go for it!
Place is kind of a joke- took an hour and a half to get some cold chili/salsa and cold pizza. pretty much only thing to it is the whole harry potter deal, which didn't seem worth it. would've been a nice casual coffee place if cheaper and not packed with tourists (which admittedly i was)
Gemütliches Cafe in Edinburgh mit leckeren Burgern. Viele Harry-Potter-Touristen und Studenten.
Despite its reputation, the Elephant House has failed to impress me over the years.  Long queues, slow service, disappointing food and cakes. 
I guess you get good views on the castle if sit at the back and the toilets are worth a visit just for all the Harry Potter messages on the wall.
But sorry Elephant House, plenty of other places in town offer a much experience.
Kind of seems like your basic coffee house, the queues are usually pretty long but once you sit the service is pretty fast. I'm not a huge fan of their pastries, most didn't taste too fresh with exception of the million dollar shortbread. It's usually pretty crowded, mostly due to Harry Potter fans? :)
Lovely interior, great location, this place has a lot of potential.

Unfortunately it sells it self solely on what's written on the banner outside 'the birthplace of Harry Potter'. This was not the birthplace of Harry Potter, it was the train from London to Edinburgh, and the city itself fuelled these ideas. Before being the elephant house, this premises was Nicholsons café. When J.K used to sit in the café to write Harry Potter, it was in the building which is now spoons café. Ironic, when this is the main claim to fame of this place.

Moving on from its main selling point, Nicholson's offers the normal café fair found in numerous cafés around Edinburgh. I haven't tried any of their food, my boyfriend and I just came in for a coffee. It was okay, but not amazing, considering how many good coffee shops there are in town. 

The cakes look great upon the first glimpse, but head across the road to caffé lucano, and you may feel a sensation of deja vu. The cakes are all the same, maybe add or take a few. Check out a few cafés in town, and you may experience the same thing. It would seem that many of these places buy cake that is made in bulk at some factory out of town. This is not to say that they are bad, maybe they are decent, but it is kind of soulless. When I go to a café I often fancy something really fresh, made for the café by people at the café with much though and attention. How can you go on the hunt for the best carrot cake in town if they are all the same?

Like I said, this place has loads of potential, but I'd rather avoid the crowds and head for somewhere that offers more genuine food. As I said, I can't comment on any of the savoury food.
I like the atmosphere of this place and I like the look of the cafe and all the big tables. The toilets aren't the cleanest looking, though the HP fan graffiti doesn't help with this. Yes I am a Harry Potter fan which might have been the reason I went in originally, but I still like to go now and again. It's nice to see all these really excited people in the cafe taking photos of the cafe and its views of the castle. Although having read other reviews of this cafe, it turns out it's not the actual cafe JK Rowling wrote her books in!! I'm not sure how they can use this claim to fame and it is a bit disappointing. 

It's always incredibly busy and there's often big queues so I avoid it for that reason, but I went in the other day with a friend. They have a sign saying you need to wait to be seated. I was a little reluctant to buy coffee and then find there was no seat but when I asked the waiter he said there would be. I presumed he or someone anyway would show us to a seat, but after we bought our coffees it seemed to be a case of find seats yourself, although my friend ended up asking. I think if they're going to have this sign they should follow through and be there to seat people, rather than letting them stand there aimlessly wondering if they can sit at a table with other people they don't know.
I read a JK Rowling bibliography and found out that she had written most of her first HP book in a place called Nicolson's Cafe. I thought it was this one considering how much they advertise it exploiting the image of JK Rowling. Well, I found out that the Nicolson's is actually (and predictably) in Nicolson Street, opposite the University, and it does not use the writer image to make profit. 
Let alone the annoying fact that the place is always packed with annoying tourists taking picture of every single square inch as if it were a museum, the quality is absolutely disproportionate to the prices. This is a way too expensive cafe with nothing special about it, except for the cheesy "Birthplace of Harry Potter" banner.
The birth place of HP was JK Rowling's mind, I think they should focus more on coffee and food quality rather than marketing.
I love the Elephant House, mainly for its Harry Potter connections (Harry Potter geek right here!) and have been a few times since I moved to Edinburgh. The decor is cool, with all the elephant related things and again, it is one of those cafes where you can just sit and look at everything (even in the toilets with all the Harry Potter related graffiti) as there is just so much to look at. They also have a really old George IV Bridge Street sign on the wall and have amazing views over the castle.

The menu is wide and varied, with a good selection of snacks, sandwiches and cakes and hot/cold drinks. I was there for breakfast a few weeks ago and had a delicious hot croissant filled with cheese and ham - yum!

So far, so good, so why the 3 stars? Unfortunately service is always really slow...As I went for breakfast on a Saturday, you had to queue at the bar to order (no problem there) but there was a huge queue so I had to wait around 10 minutes to be served. Very slow. The staff also did not really seem to want to be there and were complaining about it being busy - surely that's a good thing?

As the cafe extends around a corner, you also cannot see if there are seats so could end up buying a coffee and there not being a seat which is a pain.

So it's a shame as I love this place, but 3 stars is fair given the slow service and queues. Sadly, even with the Harry Potter connections there are better cafes around.
Det var helt midt på treet
Made famous only by the Harry Potter phenomenon, the Elephant House is somewhere you use the bathroom, as oppose to good food. Our sandwiches were really disappointing (oily, way too much cheese), the floors in the main dining hall were slanted in a non-hipster unflattering way. The bathroom trip saved me from giving out a 1 star review - the entire bathroom (for the ladies anyway that I can vouch for) is completely covered with Harry Potter fan notes, if the toilets weren't made out of porcelain, I can bet that it would be completely ink-covered as well.
So after a year of walking past this place I finally went in today seeing there wasn't a MASSIVE CROWD! I mean common people just cause Harry 'Worthless" Potter was written here doesn't make it a huge national monument! The place is average at best. The staff didnt seem to helpful if not a little weird. You had to have a member seat you . I thought that was weird for a cafe. The prices seem a little high but I guess when your a national monument you can demand high prices for average food. The plus side of the food was they had a good selection of meals and cakes and whatnot. You can also get a wee pint . But they dont do ice coffee which I thought was strange as well. The coffee was ok as well at least it wasn't burnt I suppose. The decor is cool though I like elephants and they had TONS of elephants all over the place which is very fitting of the name. And the music was totally my style, Bob Marley and Bob Dylan so I liked that. But other then that I was not impressed, although I will come back again to try the place seeing as how its so popular , but for me food doesn't taste better just because some celebrity used this place as her haunt. Just saying....
They charged me £2 for wi-fi!
Any place who charge for bread, water and or wi-fi will get a bad review.

And food is average, average prices, average service.

It used to be such an amasing place ( 5 yrs ago) - what did happen?

£2 to use the wi-fi....
I realised, after my last review, that I've still never reviewed the Elephant House. I'm not sure how as I bring most people here when they're visiting me.

"Do you really?" I can hear you thinking. "But you've given it three stars!" Well, yes. As a cafe, it's not so hot. It's kind of expensive, although it's a lovely space. The service is as quick as it can be, given that it's almost always heaving in here with tourists wondering which table J K Rowling used to sit at. The cakes are fine. The hot chocolate is fine. It's just a nice place.

It's funny, but when you're inside you wouldn't necessarily know this was "the place". The theme is, fittingly, elephants. There are elephants everywhere. It's quite sweet. People don't come for the elephants, though. They come for the magic.

The Elephant House, you see, touts itself as The Birthplace Of Harry Potter. Everyone knows the tale - that Jo Rowling, a penniless single mother, used to spend hours in an Edinburgh cafe, writing the book about a boy wizard that would, once published, lift her almost overnight to international literary superstardom. Well, the Elephant House, like many other establishments in Edinburgh, claims to be that cafe. Unlike many other establishments, however, here people have bought into the story. The tourists are fully invested in it. You can see how, gazing out of the large window at the back directly onto the majestic crags of the castle, someone might conceive the notion of Hogwarts.
On the website, there's even an interview with the writer from shortly before the publication of the second book, filmed at the cafe (which incidentally is worth a watch because it's endearing how thrilled she is with sales that now pale in comparison to current figures). 

Now, I don't want to get into a discussion on the nature of truth; this is a cafe review. BUT - whether or not it's true that she actually wrote there is, I think, not important. What's important is that everyone believes it. It's got a kind of truth of its own. Which leads me on to why I bring everyone here for a quick cup of tea, despite the big crowds, the big prices, the fact that while the food is pleasant there are many other places doing much nicer stuff nearby...

The toilets. You have to go into the toilets.

Obviously, I don't know what the men's loo is like, but if it's like the ladies', then it's a strangely uplifting experience. The walls are covered in graffiti: scribbled letters of gratitude, love and affection to the writer who changed the world and to the characters who are so real to so many. There are silly references, in-jokes about in-jokes, sketchy doodles and deeply heartfelt missives of appreciation, and never has finding words of love written on the wall of a public toilet been so innocent and so beautiful. Hogwarts might be fictional, but the magic here is real.
A great location, right in the heart of Edinburgh, this place is usually pretty full.  As I am not a fan of coffee myself, I usually had tea or hot cocoa.  They often have specials, so be sure top check out the menu.  This place is of note because J.K. Rowling wrote some of her Harry Potter series there.
Last week I decided to drive up to Edinburgh for a mini holiday and thought to check this place out. I actually did not know about this café and it's history until I discovered it through an Instagram profile. I was searching hashtags of cappuccinos and a delicious looking one popped up and the title said "Birthplace of Harry Potter" which drew me in right away because I am a big fan of the book series. I walked from my hotel to the Cafe and right when I saw it, I knew I would enjoy the view because it was located on George IV bridge which overlooked a good portion of the city including Edinburgh Castle! The front of the Cafe is painted in this nice blood red color and there is a poster of JK Rowling in the window which draws you. It looks very small when you first enter and you worry if they are going to have room for you as there are only a few stools/chairs for window seating. However, as you get close to the counter you realize that there is a much larger seating area in the back of the café. The Elephant House differs from a lot of café's in that you have to wait in line to be served at the counter and then wait to be seated, rather than taking your seat and ordering from there.  The menu was full of cute British and Scottish foods/pastries and a set of coffee drinks as well. I opted for the special of the day which was a lovely fresh mint tea and a slice of the homemade organic carrot cake. After paying things got a little tricky because the place was PACKED! The front of the cafe is first come first sit type of seating but the back room where JK Rowling sat and wrote the first few Harry Potter novels is assigned seating by a hostess. It seemed really crazy because we had no where to place our tray and had to stand holding it in that hectic crowded area while waiting to be seated. After 2 minutes we were seated with another group, which made me a bit awkward but quickly that faded because I wanted to relish in the ambiance of the room, the HARRY POTTER WRITING ROOM as I called it :). It was a nice back room, not a lot tables so many people shared with other customers they did not know. A lot of writers sitting on laptops or writing on pieces of paper for inspiration which I thought was really cute. The best part was the view from the back windows. Perfect panoramic view of the city and Edinburgh Castle. Was it a coincidence that Hogwarts looks EXACTLY like Edinburgh Castle? I think not! The mint tea was lovely and fresh and the cake was sweet but not too sweet and had amazing frosting. I decided to take a quick break to the bathroom where I was extremely surprised by the white walls covered in writing with notes from fans all over the world thanking JK Rowling and complimenting the books. I really enjoyed the whole experience except for seating situation and being forced to share a table with others who didn't seem too keen to be sitting with us either, but that quickly vanished after a few minutes. Great experience, good food and environment.
Yep, the birthplace of Harry Potter, JK Rowling spent time in this cafe writing her first HP novel. It overlooks the cemetery in the back, with a view of a prep school which inspired Hogwarts.  There is also an old writing desk with a few drawers on the side - apparently if you pop it open, there will be paper and a pen for you to write. Some cool tidbits there, but as famous as this cafe got, I don't think the food was good though the space in the back is really nice. 

I ordered a mallow delight, which was "hot chocolate with a marshmallow cream".  I guess I got that, but for £3.50, it was 3 packs of instant hot chocolate (Cadbury?) and marshmallows and topped with whipped cream. It was £1.50 more expensive than the regular, and incredibly sweet. 

I also ordered the coconut blueberry cake, which I thought was dry, and I guess it was my slice probably but it didn't have any blueberries. I had to ask what it was, since I wasn't sure if it was a square sheet cake, or a brownie, or a bar. I kept getting the reply "uh it's coconut and blueberry..".  I can read, but is it a cake? A bar?

Anyway I thought my snack was a bit on the expensive side for something that didn't taste very good. I also felt silly paying 3.50 for packaged hot chocolate - at least put it in a fancy looking can so I think its something a bit nicer!  

Maybe the other food is better, but I'm not really inclined to come back here to figure it out!
I enjoyed coming to Elephant House. Being a massive Harry Potter fan this was on staple on my tourist agenda. The food is decent, nothing special but perfectly edible. 

Order the cheesecake and make sure you head into the bathrooms. Afterwards go to the cemetery and try to find Tom Riddle's grave.
I can see why JK ended up writing 7 books. She was probably up to the final draft of Deathly Hallows before she got served!

We came here in off season and it was a situation of more staff than customers. Seven of us walked in wanting something hot. It took at good half an hour before all seven of us had out drinks and were sitting down to drink them. The service was so abysmally s-l-o-w! So many staff members but our orders were taken and made one by one by the same gentleman while the rest of us just stood there. 

Hot chocolate was pretty overpriced but still hit the spot!
The Elephant House is a must for any Harry Potter fan visiting Edinburgh.

There's some debate regarding whether or not The Elephant House's ties to J.K. Rowling are genuine but the cafe definitely uses the connections to its advantage.

Drinks are good! Pastries are good as well. It's a little pricier than your typical cafe and it's touristy. They do have a lovely view of the castle though so it's a nice place to spend an afternoon over a cup of tea. No free wifi, however.

Be sure to check out the bathrooms if you go! Lots of HP graffiti and be sure to bring a pen or sharpie with you to add something of your own!
Ambiance: A lot of sunlight and warmth from numerous plants through out the space. Great for enjoying a book

Mocha: the worst mocha I've had. It looked perfect after making it, picture disclosed. However while watching the barista make the drink I noticed a packaged powder chocolate mix was used. After tasting it now I know why I prefer chocolate syrup over a powder mix. Lacked flavor completely. I tried to finish it but decided I'd rather have my calories go towards something more enjoyable. 

Service/staff: friendly and professional. 

I would go back for the cozy environment and try something else, just would not recommend the mocha.
The chocolate cake tasted like a stale Tastycake. Which isn't that bad, but it's not good either. We were seated fairly quickly, but the staff spent the rest of our visit gossiping in the front. We could have written a book in the amount of time we waited. The only magic here is how they managed to look so busy without actually doing anything. Three stars for Azcaban's cafeteria.
Sehr nett. Wir hatten einen guten Eindruck von diesem Hotel. Die Zimmer waren recht ruhig - bis auf die lauten Nachbarn - aber da kann das Hotel wenig dafür. Das Personal war hilfreich und nett. Das Frühstück war reichlich und lecker. Die Bar machte Abends ungewohnt bereits um 0:30 Uhr zu. Leider war so kein Schlummertrunk mehr möglich. Die Lage ist optimal für die Erkundung von Edinburgh. Wir würden beim nächsten Mal auf jeden Fall wieder hier nächtigen.
Great location, great views, slightly shabby hotel.

You can tell it's been here a while, as you can still smell the smoke as you walk in. It's got the familiar terrible carpets and wipe-dry curtains in the lobby and rooms, and the staff are just about interested enough but nothing to impress you.

The room we had was surprisingly decent - at least compared to the lobby areas and the other rooms of our party. We did ok. Shame about the two single beds bolted together to make a double though.

The breakfast buffet was very good - it even included haggis!

Location is fantastic. Right on Princes Street opposite the Scott monument. We had great views of the castle too.
For the price, not the greatest experience. Like Craig M. says, it's fairly dated, but the rooms are passable. Great views, if slightly noisy if you have street-facing windows. The staff were very hit-or-miss, ranging from completely unaccamodating to friendly and helpful. Big minuses: no WiFi unless you're in the lounge at perscribed times or want to pay 15 pounds a day for it, and no adapters for my sad USA plugs. I was directed to the supermarket, and then to Marks&Spencer, and then they were out of ideas. It was a good location, but if I'm back in Edinburgh I probably will not opt to stay there again.
Ok, first and foremost I have to declare that I worked at this amazing cafe/restaurant for 3 years and it holds more than a small place in my heart. Take from this what you will and add your own pinch of salt for any bias you think I might hold...

This is the best cafe in Edinburgh. The cakes are phenomenal- my top five features 'Carrot Passion', 'White Chocolate Fudge Slice', 'Toast Vanilla Cupcakes', 'Fruity Flapjacks-apricot over cherry' and finally the classic 'Victoria Sponge'. Everything here is freshly made and delicious. There are over 15 different tea varieties and it's all served in individual pots which brew the leaves beautifully. Then there's the smoothies, oh the smoothies. We cared a lot about finding just the right smoothie blend and it was a moment of pride when we got the fruit combo just right. Milkshakes are also a bit of a treat here. They use the best ice cream I've ever had in them and aren't shy about it!

So that's the cafe side of things covered, now the food. I think I was one of the luckiest people in the world getting staff meals here. During the day there is a very tasty selection of sandwiches which far exceed the run of the mill you get most places. Think Pastrami with Apricot Chutney or Mushroom Pate with toasted Pine Nuts. So so delicious. Everything comes with a big side salad and home made dressing. Then there's the breakfast. So good there is a queue down the street almost every weekend. Eggs Benedict and French Toast. Yum!

At night the cafe vibe gives way for a restaurant feel. As the candles come out the menu poshes itself up a bit. Pigeon with red cabbage and monkfish with black olive potatoes are faultless. The chefs here are great and really know what they're doing. The owner Karen is almost always around and it's clear she takes great pride Toast. 

Toast is a great place right in the middle of studenty Marchmont. We often had parents in here treating their (student budget starved) children to a meal out. I would recommend it to anyone though. How I miss it so.
In my young and impressionable days of 2nd year (at Uni) my prospective landlord took me and my flat chums to Toast as a place to discuss the finer details of the lease I was about to sign.  

Its upmarket menu and affluent clientele are fitting of the prices on show. Nonetheless my landlord was paying and I subsequently had a scrumptious duck and noodle soup resulting in a signed lease and a set of happy chaps.  

I'll Toast to that. (cringe)
For me, toast is something that is boring, something that is the last thing you want to eat in the morning.

Toast the cafe/restaurant however, is something different all together - I coulkd eat here all the time and it really wouldnt matter what time of day it was!

The cafe side of things is something a bit special - its like all the best bits of cafes everywhere in one. The smoothies are good, and the cakes are always fresh and amazing - well worth the calories.

The more serious food side is also something that might suprise you - the menu is well made, a lot of excellent sounding (and I'm happy to say excellent tasting) dishes.

The atmosphere is pretty great, Toast is in the middle of Marchmont, a studenty area, so its laid back and fun - if a little busy sometimes.
Belgian Waffles with Bacon...holy shit.

My stomach says yes but my arteries cry no. Excellent, swift service, chatty staff and comfortable seats. The smoothie was...smooth, my 5 a day has never tasted so great.

They should open up somewhere closer to the city center!
yeah Toast is really brilliant - read the reviews below this to see that it really is a diamond in the rough in Marchmont. But lets not ignore the price!! It's ridiculously overpriced and costs a arm and a leg for the cheapest things!
When I came here I ordered a hot chocolate - costing me £4.20 to do so, and my friends sandwich cost a whopping £5.60! The sandwich wasn't anything special, we could have popped next door to Scotmid and made it ourselves.
I think I'll have to give Toast a second chance, its first impression wasn't a great one.
I can only reiterate the sentiments of a previous reviewer here, and point out that bekgian waffles with bacon are quite possibly the greatest culinary invention to grace the planet. They're excellent anywhere, and Toast does not disappoint.

The main drawback of this is that the waffles are so good I never actually get round  to trying anything else, all of which looks excellent by the way.

I don't even care that it's overpriced, it's all about the waffles.
I stand corrected! Upon coming here only yesterday with my friend we had quite a nice lunch! The sandwiches were really delicious - I had the sweet chilli prawns and my friend had the pepper and mozzarella. As per usual, we both wished we had ordered what the other had so we swapped half way through. Really yummy! 
The hot chocolate was only £2.20 this time, and the staff were absolutely lovely!!  

I haven't been here for dinner yet but my friends tell me it's brilliant, with real foodie-food, if you know what I mean! Rest assured I will though!
Toast, I judged you too soon!
My experience of, and love for Toast can be summarised in three words: vegetarian cooked breakfast.  The ultimate weekend treat, for about £6 you get a plate of many delicious items including awesome home-made baked beans and a sweet potato fritter.  When we lived round the corner, my flatmates and I couldn't keep away, especially as the place has a breezy, relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff and good coffee - the perfect place to while away a few hours over the Sunday papers, though I'd advise turning up early as it does get pretty busy.

Have to confess ignorance of their meaty offerings, but friends of mine have told me good things about their bacon rolls.  Haven't tried their evening menu either, as it seems a little further out of the range of student budgets, but if the tasty breakfast is anything to go by, I'd expect it to be something special!
This is a popular breakfast place for Marchmont residents however after my recent trip I think it also deserves a reputation for all round excellent eatery!

It s a relatively small place with around 30 covers.The interior is bright and airy helped by skylights that drown the place in lot of natural light. It is simply decorated with white walls that are covered in various pieces of art work that add to a welcoming, friendly atmosphere.

Portions were perfectly sized for lunch time eating and didnt leave you feeling full and lethargic which was great for me and friends as we had work to go back to! I had sausages with spring onion mash and a redcurrant jus that was rich and tasty without being too heavy on the stomach. My fellow diners had a halloumi and roast vegetable bagel,the other had a crab risotto, both of which got 'two thumbs up' (and thats a direct quote!)

Everything on the menu is very reasonable, soup and a roll is £3.50, sandwhichs and bagels are £5 ish and come with a proper salad rather than a token limp piece of lettuce and half a tomato. For a bigger meal its around £6-£7 so with a glass of wine for £3-£4 you could have a meal out for just over a £10.

While Toast is open from 10am-10pm they have certain service times so make sure you aren't disapointed-

Mon-Fri
Breakfast 10am-12pm
Lunch 12pm-2.30pm
Dinner 6.30pm-9.30pm

Saturday
Brunch 10am-3pm
Dinner 6.30pm-9.30pm

Sunday
Brunch 10am-3pm

That said they did have a very lovely looking selection of cakes and pastries if you dont make it during service times!

If you are heading out for breakfast lunch, brunch or dinner this is top option.
Between 10am and 3pm every Saturday and Sunday, Toast becomes the perfect brunch destination. 

A popular neighbourhood eaterie, they serve generous portions of hale and hearty fare for £3-£7.50 excluding drinks. The full scottish  breakfast comes with cumberland sausage, black pudding, scrambled egg, thyme-roasted tomatoes, beans and a potato scone whilst the veggie breakfast comes with veggie sausage and veggie haggis. 

For those that want something lighter, they have breakfast rolls, eggs on toast, croissants, steaming bowls of porridge and museli with honey. The dish that makes me miss New York and San Francisco diners however, is french toast with crispy bacon and maple syrup. In two words: Lipsmackingly good!
Toast is my hangover nemesis. I must have spent thousands there on the fried breakfasts, whilst nursing the after effects of the night before. It is basically a posh greasy spoon, which weirdly works. They aim for a slightly higher class of hungover client, so the décor is modern and quite nice. The plates and cups are all pretty smart, something you normally don't expect from a breakfast café. And there is service with a smile, which helps to brighten you up.

And the food is awesome. The sausages are proper butcher's ones and you can really taste the difference between these and sausages you get at a bog standard greasy spoon. The fried breakfasts are perfect, all the ingredients are really well cooked. The eggs benedict is also excellent, as are the scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. 

The only downside is the price. You'll normally come out of there about £10 lighter than you went in with. The food is excellent but that's quite an amount to be down just for breakfast.
Walking to Toast through Marchmont is pleasant enough, but the first time I went to this cafe, I was headed from the university catered residence (Pollock Halls) and it wasn't the prettiest. By the time Toast came into view, I was tired and a little confused by it's layout; it is, literally, a box! The best way to describe its appearance would be likening it to a fancy food stand in extreme proportions.

The cafe itself isn't half bad! It's quite cosy and was full of customers when I was there. The breakfast is particularly impressive, with some traditional options like haggis, as well as croissants, french toast and pancakes. If I lived in Marchmont, I would probably be there quite often!
The paper, a latte, a relaxed weekend breakfast that someone else cooks - that is how a good Saturday starts.  And there is something addictive about Toast...I have been in with a variety of people, all with varying tastes and ideas about what makes a good breakfast, but Toast never fails to satisfy.  Unless you can't get a table - which shows how popular it is.  Eggs benedict, the fresh fruit smoothies and the breakfast fry-up are all firm favourites but, last time I was in, I decided  to be a bit more adventurous...French toast with goats cheese and tomato chutney sounded a litle daunting for breakfast!  But it was full of flavour and had an addictive strangeness that I now sometimes crave. It's a lovely wee spot, although we prefer it when it's a bit quieter; coffee and home-made cake after a rough day is also good!
Great atmosphere, good and unique food. Cute place, can't complain. The menu at lunch departs from the usual cafe fare, which is a great change of pace. At night, there is ample lighting from candles, and would make a nice place to go to dinner on a date or for a special occasion. The dinner menu is a bit pricey (in comparison to where a student would normally eat) but is a nice break from the Pub atmosphere. Relaxed, homey, beautifully decorated, friendly staff. Highly recommended!
Toast is one of those places where you can get a really good quality basic breakfast.  The menu has old time favourites of french toast with various tasty extras, croissants with nom inducing fillings, eggs benedict, morning rolls and full breakfasts.  On the weekends they add in really exciting looking sandwiches/bagels.  

The setting is cozy and it is clearly a firm favourite for brunchers from all over Edinburgh because every weekend (that I've been there anyway) it's packed to the gills.  

Breakfast is one of those meals which you expect to be really cheap, but then you get a coffee and maybe a juice and all of a sudden it's more expensive than lunch!  I can't place the blame on Toast, though, because this seems to be the case anywhere you go.  Despite this, every visit I'm left wishing I lived just a bit closer so I could frequent this lovely cafe a bit more often.
Still serves the best full Scottish breakfast I've ever enjoyed... I miss Edinburgh! There's usually a copy of the List hanging around for you to peruse whilst waiting for your breakfast. I wish more coffee shops would offer a free copy of the List to flick through rather than acting as a magazine retailer.
I tried several different restaurants during my stay in Edinburgh and Toast was my favorite.  The place is small but the food was the best I've ever tasted. The most delicious food I had during my travels to the UK!

Nancy 
San Diego, CA USA
I do love a good cooked breakfast, and Marchmont's "Toast" is up with the best I have found.

This place is tiny but always busy at the weekends, often with a queue out the door (and they don't take bookings) but I have never had a problem being seating fairly quickly - just don't turn up with a big group on a Saturday or Sunday morning and expect to be catered for without some fuss.

They have a very small menu (due to their very small kitchen) and so they will struggle to customise the options during busy periods, but will always endeavour to try.  It does mean that you can be expected to be served very quickly though.

Its not exactly a cheap breakfast, but you are getting what you pay for - the food is all high quality and cooked to perfection, with their home made baked beans being incredible. 

Definitely worth getting out of bed for on a Sunday!
Fine eats! Great brunch on Sunday, which you could tell simply from the fact that it's still packed well past 2pm. (they do brunch until 3pm) Besides, it's cheap. Staff are quick and friendly, and they have damn tasty eggs!

Beverage Bonus: If you order tea, one serving is practically enough for five cups.
I've been looking for an excuse to visit Toast for awhile now having heard of its reputation for providing the best brunch in Edinburgh. Since I've recently moved to Marchmont and Toast is now around the corner from my flat it seemed rude not to pop in for some weekend brunch. 

It's a clear sign of the reputation of Toast when you arrive at 11:30am on a Saturday and the queue for tables is out the door. Having a book with me was quite happy to wait for a table, which was less than 10 minutes. The staff are really friendly and promised to get everyone in as quickly as possible. There was a constant queue for tables the entire time I was there which made me feel quite guilty about sitting on a table by all myself (though I told the staff I was more than happy to share should any other solitary soul turn up looking for food.) Normally when I'm out for brunch I like to linger a bit, maybe have another cup of tea and read the weekend papers but the place was just so busy it felt wrong to camp on a table for any longer than absolutely necessary. I'm sure the staff would never have said anything to suggest that they needed the table asap, it was my own guilt (and the fact I scoffed my food down so fast) that had me out the door after only 45 minutes. 

I opted for pancakes with fresh summer fruit and a smoothie (stocking up on my 5 a day) though I asked for maple syrup instead of the fresh cream that normal comes with the pancakes. It does say on the menu that at busy times they may not be able to accommodate changes to the menu but even though the place was packed to the rafters the waitress told me it was no problem. When my pancakes arrived they were buried under a mountain of fresh fruit. I actually had to dig a bit to check there were in fact pancakes under there. I really wish I had a photo to show you how stunning it looked but the truth is I was so hungry I wasn't even prepared to hold off for 30 seconds to take one! 

I was seated right next to the door and overheard a lot of conversations with the lovely owner and the people waiting in the queue. She seems to know everyone and greeted them by name, asking after kids and catching up since the last time people had visited. I love that she takes the time to do that. It made the place seem 100 times more welcoming and I now aspire to reach this level of regular myself. 

I was also admiring the artwork around the walls. Like the customers sitting below, the walls are packed with pictures and paintings. It wasn't until after I left that I found out that Toast allow local artists to display their work on the walls. I really wish I'd known this when I was there as there were one or two paintings that I really loved and would have made enquiries if I'd known I could potentially buy one. 

The food, the atmosphere and the staff all combine to make this such a lovely place to eat. I definitely intend to become a regular here.
Toast is famous for one particular meal: brunch. After leaving Glasgow and a very-favourite brunch spot, I have been on a quest to find an Edinburgh equivalent. 

From the first glance of Toast's brunch menu, you can see they take brunch very seriously. Pancake stacks, waffles, eggs benny, full breakfasts, granola and yoghurts, as well as bagels and sandwiches.

And the fillings are particularly interesting. I had a bagel with smoked salmon and poached salmon. Double salmon-ing. It was quite delicious. The eggs royale opposite me (eggs benedict with smoked salmon) looked divine. The eggs were beautifully poached, and it also came with a sort of pesto olive oil drizzled around the outside.

I've heard that the pancakes are divine, and the fruit option comes with seasonal fruit. So on that occasion there were nectarines and peaches over the pancakes, not just the usual blueberries.

It's a fairly small premise, with quite a lot of tables. It has a good vibe about it, and I believe you do need to queue for brunch at the weekends. We got there at 2pm after a good hike around Blackford Hill, and managed to get a table as the 12noon crowd were leaving. They do brunch all day at the weekends too I think.


The only thing that put me off slightly was the attitude of one of the staff members. When I asked if a table was free (it was empty) a staff member was just putting a plate of her own food down and said in quite a surly, impatient manner "Uh, I'm sitting here. But there's another over there." (Pointing vaguely). I am very understanding, and know after a busy brunch rush you can be tired and hungry. And fair enough, it is maybe the staff table for their lunches. I just didn't like the way she spoke to me. But all the other staff were lovely, so I'll see it as a tired, hungry staff member who was perhaps having a bad day.

I will definitely come back to Toast for brunch. The other options looked great too, and the cake cabinet was very tempting.
I love Toast.French toast and fresh coffee
Make for a perfect weekend brunch.I agree with the rest of the lovely yelp bunch,this place is fab.The big pile of up to date magazines is also a plus and I love the cakes here too.If I could visit this place every weekend I could ,friendly staff,great food and the relaxed atmosphere make me wish I lived next door!
This. is. Americana. 

Edinburgh shamefully is not cosmopolitan enough to have TRULY caught on to brunch. Sure there are a few places that do it, but it's not really a 'thing'. I guess there will be some level of adjustment period from the full Scottish fry-up AND the problem with the girls with the line from your tights that you can see outside of your mini-skirts - that's gonna keep you away from true cosmopolitan-ness for a loooong time. 

So, Toast is a welcome addition to my life. I miss NY, I miss brunch with goat cheese omelettes and fancy bloody mary's and pancakes with reductions... Saturday morning with an adorable stranger (or not so stranger) is made so much better by being able to not stare at each other across your kitchen while you're covered in yesterday's make-up feeling hungover and wanting to do nothing but have someone pour you a cup of coffee... and you have to make your own AND possibly some for him. UGH. 

Toast makes life bearable.
Loses a star for very very slow service but the food was good. 
There's an extensive selection on the menu from healthy porridge and granola/museli and yogurt options through to the full English breakfast via pancakes, waffles, muffins, eggs benny, scrambled eggs.  There's some lunch options - bagels and sandwiches too.
The OH had the full English and it's fair to say that when my pancakes arrived, I definitely had menu envy.  He let me try his scrambled eggs and they were delicious.  He definitely made the better choice.  
My pancakes were nice but nothing special.  Topped with orange infused apricots and drowned in an orange flavoured syrup which was too sweet, I felt like I had been short changed. OH's plate was loaded with bacon, sausages, a huge pile of scrambled eggs, haggis, beans and potato scone.  And toast. 
If you live in this part of town it's a handy local place. I'm not sure I would travel across town to visit as there are other places just as good if not better nearer home.
Loses three stars for certain things and Yes, I have experienced better.

It's ashame as i thought it had a better reputation than what I experienced.  Cakes were good, My mum was after something a bit more substantial but the kitchen was closed by the time we had arrived.

Just felt like the atmosphere had been sucked out the building - the tables are set out in a very formal way and feels quite tight.

On a positive note.  The cake was nice, the mint slice is a favourite of mine and this one was tasty.  Mum had the carrot cake which she said was good too.

But the coffee had alot to be desired.  Instant would have been better than what we had.  I barely had two sips and couldn't drink anyone.  It was lacking coffee, it was almost like the shot wasn't poured correctly and tasted of watered down milk. 

Unfortunately this visit for me gets a 2 star. I will come back and give it another go and hope I can give it a least 4 stars.  Looking at previous reviews I may come back for brunch as this seems to be the best seller for Jenny L and Kelly F.

Sorry Toast but I have experience better elsewhere for this occasion.
Loving Toast!!!!

Last few Sundays I have started coming here for brunch and its really great. Good selection of your typical breakfast options with some further variety thrown in.

Most recently I went for the croque monsiuer which was deleciious, but having had the eggs benedict, the full breakfast and the pancakes on other visits on the food front so far nothing has disappointed.

Why the loss of a star, the service is erm varied. Some members of staff are lovely, charming and very efficient....others...welll....are not. Also its not a bif thing at all but they dont have fresh organge juice which I find very weird for a place totally geared up for brunch.

All in all its a great place but there is a little room for improvement! Still though, brunch at Toast comes JD Recommended!
When I first moved to Edinburgh and was hunting out a brunch spot, Toast came up trumps time and time again. And my eggs benny last time wasn't bad, as neither was my salmon bagel.

My last breakfast here - pancakes with bacon and maple syrup - was a-ok. Two very thick, fat pancakes, two bits of bacon, and the syrup. The pancakes were so thick and doughy, they weren't quite how I like my pancakes. I make American ones at home, don't get me wrong, I like 'em big. But these weren't fluffy. They were very, very heavy. Also, the ratio of bacon to pancakes wasn't great (probably due to the enormous size of the beastin' pancakes).

It's also very cramped inside, with tables close to one another, hardly any maneouver room between tables, and at the table I had, my friend had her back near the entrance, where people were often pushing by, and the cold air kept creeping in on her.

I do quite like the neighbourhood, local feel of Toast, some of the brunch items are great. It reminds me of the sort of place my grandma used to take me when I was a wee girl, in a good way. But I wouldnt say it's my favourite brunch spot in town, and next time I'll avoid the pancakes.
Adorable little brunch spot! They don't take reservations and don't have a waiting room, so if you come during a busy time you'll be standing over people watching them eat as you wait -- and if you're eating during a busy time you'll feel people watching over you pressuring you to hurry. The food is quite tasty -- we all had delicious eggs Benedict, which was about £6, and yummy cake. Service was prompt and friendly, and decor was simple but airy and pleasant. All around a lovely place!
I got lunch here with some friends once. Such a cute spot to eat and great food. Everything is really well-prepared.

The desserts are AMAZING. The cupcakes, cake, etc. are definitely worth trying if you go!
This Stac Polly location is much smaller than the other two that they have but it is the most quaint and intimate of the three. We did go to the other locations as we really liked our experience at Stac Polly and each location offers different menu options.

Three of us ordered the seared Lythe fillet, two minute steak and chicken skewers. They were prepared in various different ways and each compliment their respective dishes quite well. The same can be said of their dessert offerings too. A trio of bavarois, parfait and treacle sponge were presented all nice like but quickly devoured as they looked and tasted very good. The treacle sponge served with butterscotch sauce was the hands down dessert for sure.

We were also lucky to be served by the owner of this establishment so we didn't have far to go to relay the pleasure we had at his restaurant. This will be the one place I'll definitely put back on my must go list when I return to Edinburgh.
This is a lovely restaurant in a great location, just outside the city centre. The food is really lovely too - I had  the chicken skewers too and they were marinated to perfection and had a lovely aromatic taste to them. Although I didn't have desert, my brother told me that his ice cream sorbet was delicious and he asked for a second portion! I think he only did this because I was footing the bill, but it was his birthday afterall.
I'm with Rafael on this one, I'll definitely be back!
A great modern Scottish restaurant in every respect, scrummy food at scummy prices.

It's a crying shame, because when you breakdown the ingredients of each meal, you really can't constitute the £20 price of a main. I don't care how free range or local the meat was (it tasted the same as anything else).

Where this place really shines though is the creativity of the chef. Dishes come out looking like photos from a high class cook book and the portions are decent.

Great if you can afford it.
Stac Polly is one of the classiest Scottish restaurants in Edinburgh, and a jolly good one at that. 

It's been on Edinburgh's cuisine scene for over two decades, and does Scottish food with a contemporary edge. Its restaurants specialise in comfortable yet formal dining. 

This one on St Mary's is no exception. An intimate size, it's a nice place to escape for a family dinner and have a natter for a few hours. With its light decor and clean cut table decor, it's upmarket without being too flashy. It manages to cut the fine line between homely and modern.

Their menu is full of rich dishes with all the trimmings. Expect hearty steaks, pork loins and haggis. Generous portions of heartwarming but healthy Scottish food will be sure to put some colour on your cheeks.

It's fairly expensive and upper crust dining. But the quality is kept to a hugely high standard. It's relaxed enough for you to chill out and enjoy your meal, and although the food looks fancy it's not too high brow to alienate fussier eaters or kids. Absolutely lovely, a great mixture of all that is great about Scottish restaurants. The best part is, it's more authentic than most of the places on the Royal Mile!
I've been visiting Stac Polly on and off over the past ten-fifteen years. I discovered wild pigeon, venison and cranachan there (fortunately not on the same plate). It was always the place I recommended to friends looking for good Scottish cuisine and I've got nothing but fond memories. 

I've now recently visited both Dublin Street and St Mary's St locations and I have to say, I'm left wanting more. I had a thoroughly pleasant evening last night, the restaurant is very pretty in a Georgian manner, I think the prices are reasonable and the meal is fine, but distinctly unmemorable. I found the menu repetitive - vegetarian options all featured brocolli (which I am allergic to) and the dish I chose also arrived with a slightly yellowed sprig to garnish my dish. Beetroot was also quite a feature (I like beetroot, we are all good on that front). 

For starters, I had the sea trout cured in vodka and beetroot, served with beetroot and red amaranth. The  sea trout carried barely any flavour but was a stunning deep red colour and overall the plate looked impressive, but the beetroot itself was the over riding flavour, drowning out the cured trout and the lemon mustard dressing was entirely forgettable. My dad tucked into some moist looking duck and was most happy with it. 

For the mains, I had 10 (or 5?) spice salmon, with dill mash and beans (and a surprise guest - brocolli). Again, it looked pretty, and this time, although none of the flavours were particularly amazing on their own, combined with the citrus and chilli creme fraiche (not spicy), came together nicely. My mother enjoyed her lamb casserole and my dad was impressed with his pork dish. 

Finally, we finished off with the autumn brioche (dad loved it, I found it a bit too heavy on the spice for me, something didn't taste right) and marscapone panne cotta - the blackcurrant ice cream was delicious, the panne cotta bland and for me, there wasn't enough of contrast in flavours to enhance either. 

Overall, I think Stac Polly still does a lot right, but their menu doesn't excite me, or move me in particular. There are lots of small things which makes me think that it falls short of being impressive and simply remains at 'nice', where once I would demand Stac Polly for any monumental occasion, I think now, it sits nicely in there as a pleasant, middle of the road restaurant that hasn't reached the heights of fine dining, but is definitely of a better class than most, but it needs a bit of a push to make it a place I would aspire to go to.
The service really let this place down, as my food was of very good quality. The waiting staff (and the kitchen staff, too) just disappeared towards the end of lunchtime service, with this totally over-shadowing what had been an enjoyable selection of lunchtime dishes.

Overall, we said: "I enjoyed Stac Polly. I thought the food was well-presented and offered good flavour combinations, with the venison dish really hitting the spot. The curious conclusion to service was a rather strange to end things, but hey ho. I'm glad we went, and I was pleased with our visit, although I'm not sure it's a place to which I'll be rushing back. It was solidly good, but not much beyond that."
I've been wanting to go here for a while but just never have.  At 67 degrees, everyone was remarking what a fab day it was.  So off to have an early dinner since they close at 530.  It's very serene & also quiet with only 2 tables of customers at 4pm.  The food is pretty good for what you'd expect, bar food @ a golf course.  The menu's simple.  We tried the philly cheese steak with a side of fruit, frits & fries (chix finger w BBQ & ranch sce), and a salmon salad.   They have breakfast, too as well as a full bar.
I wanted to try something different for breakfast after an appointment and before I went to give blood.  I've been meaning to try the TPC Grille for awhile but it never comes to mind when I'm out and about.  Today was different.  The other TPC course in our area is a private course, so this is where I headed today.

I got the Southwestern Eggs Benedict which according to the menu consists of roasted corn cakes, chorizo, fried eggs, chile cheddar cheese, pico, green onion, avocado, and breakfast potatoes.  In today's case, it was missing pico and avocado, but it was very good nonetheless.  I really enjoyed the flavor of the corn cakes and I liked the different take on Eggs Benedict by going with the corn cakes instead of an English muffin.  The corn cakes were very tasty!

Service was excellent. I sat at the bar and Theresa was the server.  She was a very pleasant woman and very efficient.  It was nice chatting with her about breakfast places and it was so nice looking out the windows at the view of the mountains on the west side of town.

The dining room is relatively small, but they have a nice outdoor seating area.  I'll have to come back when I can sit on the patio.  Right now, it's just too cold.  This was a very pleasant experience and I'm glad I came here.
This place was a pleasant suprise. Joey C and I are in town and had just finished the ghost and terror tour (fun btw), meandered down the royal mile and stumbled upon this place. 

I had the Scallops with Haggis which was REALLY GOOD! The scallops were succullent and delicious! If you're nervously curious about haggis, this would be the dish to order. Each Scallop sits on a spoonful of Haggis so you have a decent sized portion to determine if you like it or not. 

Joey had the Fillet of Scottish Lamb with cous-cous and sweet potato. It was delicious! Juicy and tender meat, the cous-cous breading she could have done without but it wasn't bad. The sweet potato was well puree'd too.

worth it!
It's a shame that Wedgewood is near the bottom of the Cannongate - an area that is generally quieter than everywhere else in Edinburgh, because it really is an excellent restaurant. The staff and the food are excellent! And the price is even better!

They do a great lunch menu daily, all details are put up on the window in the morning and each option is mouth watering. I've lost count of all the times I've stood outside this restaurant and oogled the menu, drooling.

They are a bit inventive with their food - I once had parsnip creme brulee - but have an open mind and you can only be surprised! I recently ate in total darkness in a concept-restaurant in Paris (it was a weird experience but I would highly recommend it) and so I found I have started to appreciate the taste of everything now, and Wedgewood is a total dream. It's bliss!! Everybody I've spoken to about this stunning restaurant love it as much as I do - really is a great place.
When I was instructed to meet for lunch at a restaurant called Wedgwood, the name took me back to history lessons at school, where we learned about the Wedgwood pottery empire for what seemed like a very, very long time. Don't get me wrong, I liked history a lot, but I think at the time I thought scrawling song verses in every corner of my school diary was more important than actually learning anything.

Anyway, getting back to the restaurant, I think I expected there to be fine china plates, those little, dainty teacups with tiny handles and a butler-type-waiter smiling politely, but giving you a look that could shatter glass if you dared to use the wrong fork, or put your elbows near the table. 

In reality, the staff at Wedgwood the Restaurant are not at all scary, in fact they're very informative and accommodating, the décor is fresh and modern, and my lunch was delish. The restaurant has a cosy feel to it, seating 48 people, with a private dining room downstairs, which fits 18. 
 
All the restaurant's ingredients are locally sourced, which is all good, so I went for a salmon, herring rollmop and beetroot starter, followed by braised beef and peppercorn sauce for my main. The two large hunks of beef were perfectly tender, and also a nice change to the usual steak offering at restaurants. A little portion of sticky toffee pudding and Chantilly cream was next on the list, definitely very sweet, but not sickly sweet. The coffee was potent and straight to the point, which was handy, as the strenuous effort of eating three courses had left me sleepy. On the crockery theme, there seemed to be a lot of attention to detail, with spoons in cool, weird shapes, a bowl resembling a UFO and other delightful food holding items. 

Very reasonably priced Royal Mile dining, and definitely worth more than just a peek round the door.
A more upmarket restaurant in a quite area. I hadn't even realised this was here until I was taken here my a friend. 

I loved the service and the quality of the food. I had the Scottish lamb wrapped in cous cous and it was delicious and my friends really liked their dishes too. 

I really appreciate it when places that are going to charge you a little bit more will at least have a higher standard in service and quality in food, without it being too pompous or the waiters hanging around your table. Wedgewood seems somewhat unspoilt by its touristy location and the menu was inventive and according to the waitress renewed quite often. A breath of fresh air for this part of town for a more special evening dining experience.
I was so jetlagged when I ate here....

But I loved loved loved the food!

I had the pigeon with haggis, and then the scallops with more haggis, and a bunch of beer.  So great!

The food really was artfully done.

On tip though.... we were in our touristy garb, jeans/sweaters... and everyone else around us was rather dressy.  Made me feel like such a scrub.

I'd come back here next time I'm in Edinburgh for sure.
Stunning. Stunning, stunning, stunning.

With relaxed but attentive and friendly staff and service, and a great location on the Royal Mile, Wedgwood has a lot going for it before your starter even reaches your table.

The good news is, once the food arrives, it just keeps getting better.

I had the scallops with parmesan flakes and salmon garnish with dijon dressing as a starter, and they were perfectly cooked -- moist, not dry, and with a very successful combination of flavours. The portion size was ideal for a starter -- five (large) scallops is perfect.

For my main course, I had three fillets, one each of lamb, beef and pork, with Chinese vegetables and pancakes. The meats were all cooked to a turn, with the vegetables and sauce adding depth but not overpowering.

This was a great find. Comparing it to the Grainstore, I think Wedgwood comes out on top. It's honest, Scots-inspired fusion with great values.

When I'm next in Edinburgh, I will definitely be going again!
After visiting Holyrood Palace & mingling w/ Royalty, hunger set in & luckily we had rezzies at Wedgewood....you'll want to make sure you get rezzies here post haste! 

Mom enjoyed Salmon w/ Mushy Peas - perfectly sized portion of her fave Salmon & the mushy peas were chunky & full of flavor & she loved it 

Dad's a steak man all the way - Fillet w/ Chips hit the spot - perfectly cooked like he likes it & the chips were crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside - he even cleaned his place & he's not usually in the Clean Plate Club.... so this should tell you something 

I was excited to see Gnocchi but had my doubts about the Wilted Rocket pairing w/ it.....you see, I loathe all wilted leafy greens. They make me gag but I was willing to give it a try & boy am I glad I did 

The Wilted Rocket was like baby rocket small & paired w/ Spring Onions in a Balsamic glaze - this seared the gnocchi & made them have this carmelly "crust" and w/ the remaining little bit of sauce was finished w/ a dollop of creme fraische .....*extremely* flavorful & finished the whole plate....cause you see, I *am* in the Clean Plate Club 

Desserts were Sticky Toffee Pudding w/ Cream for me, Whiskey & Honey Panna Cotta for parents. Light yet extremely flavorful & again hit the spot (which is apparently my catch phrase for this review) 

Such a memorable lunch & will def come back when visiting!
This restaurant has a really good reputation, unfortunately I was a little underwhelmed.

There was nothing wrong with the food or service, it just didn't wow me.  Others obviously disagree, so maybe it was just a bad day.
If I were only allowed to describe Wedgwood in one word, it would be "Perfection" Incredible food, attentive service, and good company made this meal my best in Scotland thus far. 
We started with a bottle of Shiraz, and our appetisers included the lobster creme brulee and pigeon over haggis, neeps and tatties. Wow wow wowza! Being American, the thought of eating "rat with wings" was a little off-putting, but it's not like they just picked a bird off the street! Who knew that there are farm raised pigeons? My new favourite poultry? Maybe... As for the creme brulee, it was a huge hit. So delicate and inventive, and served with bloody mary sorbet that was fantastic. The chef clearly has a creative side, and it translates so well into the food. 
I ordered the pancetta wrapped rabbit for my entree, and it was absolutely amazing! So tender and flavourful, and the sauces paired with it were exceptional. Our friend ordered the scallops with pork belly, and those too were excellent. 
For dessert we went for the sticky toffee pudding, housemade fudge, and one more (what it was escapes me at the moment!) but it had a really nice ice cream paired with it. Vanilla pistachio fudge, nummy!!! 
There was absolutely nothing to complain about. The price points were very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food as well, which is always a bonus. Be sure to make a reservation when you dine here, as the seating is pretty limited.
I wanted to try this place after read a lot of it and good reviews.

 I think the food are good in general but each course is "over" made in flavors, they mixes to much, also alot of sweetness and sugar ad to the dishes, like restaurants did in the 80:s.

I had for main "Deer" as main and it was to dry to be good. and starter was Asian inspirited dish's OK but not special.

I rather prefere the restaurants Wildfire or Calistoga,the serve pure good grocery's and meat not covered in 10 different flavors.

Decor: ok, clean

Stuff: professional
Absolutely first-rate. You want to show a girl a good time? Or maybe just yourself? Go here. My wife and I went here near the start of our honeymoon and it was one of the best places we ate the entire trip (it even topped every restaurant we tried in Paris). The service was first-rate, the menu was diverse and incredibly tempting, and the food? Oh God, the food.

We started things off with the Lanarkshire blue cheese risotto bon bons, which were crunchy, creamy, and delicious. My wife had the Chermoula crumbed lamb filet, while I tried their crisped potato gnocchi with broccoli, black olives, sunblush tomatoes, and cream. Both of our meals were utterly outstanding. I don't think I've ever had better gnocchi, and the combination of flavors was perfect.

We finished things off with a chocolate truffle cake and the Scottish cheese board, both of which made a great end to a wonderful meal. This place is great. Even better, the prices are completely reasonable. Honestly, for food and service this great, I really wouldn't have minded paying more - but the fact that I didn't makes this place all the better. Would definitely go here again.
Certainly, Wedgwood is one of Edinburgh's premier dining establishments. Dishes are fresh and innovative, and executed to an extremely high standard. I'd heartily recommend that you pay it a visit, very soon.

Overall, we said: "I was blown away by Wedgwood. I had a notion in my mind that the place would be good, but "good" turned out to be a considerable understatement. The food is of exceptional quality, with quietly understated elegance permeating every flavour-packed fork and spoonful. I can't recommend it highly enough, so would encourage you to visit at your earliest opportunity."
The beef swung it for me. When Louise C suggested we come here to make the most of their really quite good lunch deal -two courses for £11 or three courses for £15 -I was totally game. Fine dining, for lunch? Yes please.

When we entered I did feel a little underdressed. The lunchtime crowd are office folks, probably having important business meetings. Although the staff were very kind and not at all 'you're not dressed well enough for here'. If I'm entirely honest, the decor inside wasn't really me. Perhaps it's much better suited to an evening meal, when it's dark outside, and it's all dimly lit and romantic inside. But it is kind of nouveau-bland decorating without much character. Not old world, not super sleek and modern. But that's the only real thing that put me off. I'm a romantic at heart. I like oak tables and candles and empty wine bottles. But I digress.

The starters were alright. Louise C's beetroot panna cotta was a bit odd and actually didn't taste of much. My fishcakes were nice but actually didn't have much fish in them.

However, and like I've said before, the beef won me over. Beef, medium-rare (perfectly cooked) on a bed of spinach and a gorgeous balsamic vinegar dressing - oh my goodness I think there was a 5 minute silence over the table as a mark of respect / whilst we ate as quickly as we could. It was really too good.

The evening prices are much higher, and it would be a real treat. I did enjoy my meal here. The service was really nice, it is quite swish and quite swoo. Whilst the decor and ambiance didn't really win me over and for that reason it wouldn't be my first choice for a nice meal, if someone were to offer to take me or there was a reason to go, I would thoroughly enjoy it.
The lunch deal here at Wedgwood has got to be one of the best I have seen in Edinburgh.

This place is quality. The service is friendly, and the food is just utterly scrummy!!!
For a 3 course lunch here you are looking at under £15.............. and I honestly do NOT know how. Well, that's a lie, I do, but I don't know why?!?!?! The food is worth far much more than that and I plan on returning several times especially when you consider in some places, that I shall not name, you can be paying up to £6 for a panini..... here I paid £10 and I had a starter of Beetroot Panna Cotta with Crispy Parma ham then a heavenly salad. Oh dear. The beef was sooo perfectly cooked with crispy croutons, sweet balsamic onions, fresh spinach. The moment these plates were put in front of a pretty gobby me and the awfully chatty Jenny L I think a miracle happened. We sat, in silence, in awe, in enjoyment of this delicious food. We did however talk about it for the rest of the day. It was amazing.

The dinner menu looks tremendous and like it could really push some barriers, very exciting! Aiming to go back for that at some point.

But give the lunch a go. It's only a tenner..... what you got to lose?!
Faultless service at dinner here last night and excellent food which was well presented and filling to just the right degree (particularly the sole fillets, stuffed with spinach and goats cheese, broccoli puree and chorizo). Worth every penny of the £35 per head. Didn't peruse the wine list myself but the Merlot was a good accompaniment to all 3 courses and I'd certainly relish coming back here.
Wow! I went here on my first night in Edinburgh with my mom, and we absolutely loved it!! I got the haggis, pigeon, neeps, and tatties app - so good! Although I did feel  a bit weird eating medium rare pigeon, it was delicious!  My mom (vegetarian) had nettle soup.  For our mains we had mutton loin with black pudding (me) and a mediterranean chickpea dish (mom).  The Spanish wine we paired with it was great too.  

Recommended for anyone looking for a fancy night out... especially if someone else pays! ;)

only complaint: we made a reservation two weeks in advance and were stuck in the table in the hallway near the kitchen.  that was not so nice.
My friends and I had been wanting to try this restaurant for a wee while. The dinner menu being considerably dearer, we decided to go here for lunch instead. At £12.00 for 2 and £16.00 for 3 courses ..... we had ourselves a bargain! 

The menu changes constantly or so it says on the website. So in theory I shouldn't have been surprised that it was not the same as the one on the website. But... I was. A little. My fault entirely. You see.. I had spent days studying the menu and picking out exactly what I wanted to order! 

The 'new menu' however did not disappoint. 

I ordered a smoked paprika pork loin with black pudding, parsnip crisps and a tapenade for my starter (£3.50 added supplement). The plate of food looked so beautiful, it felt criminal to dive in. But I did. And it was gorge. The pork was 'melt-in-the-mouth' tender and the parsnip crisps and the black pudding just made it perfect! 

I got the venison ragout with some posh mash (it had peas and parsley) and celeriac puree for my main. And THAT was some ragout. If I could get Mr Wedgwood to share that recipe, I'd cook it every week! Without a doubt. Lovely and rich with individual bits of carrots, sweet potato, shallots and venison cooked to perfection. 

For dessert, after a mighty tug of war between the other choices which included a chai panna cotta with cardamom biscuits and some orange something, I settled on a de-constructed Tiramisu. This arrived with a chocolate brownie topped with chantilly cream infused with orange and a coffee granita. Absolutely stunning. 

The menu offers a great choice of wines including the choice of ordering half bottles. I had the Cabernet Merlot, Seabrook, Western Cape, 2010 which was delightful. 

All in all, brilliant food, fab service, great attention to detail and pretty darn reasonable. Will definitely be back again and very soon too!!
I'm a bit disappointed I just went to Wedgewood for lunch, because I can only imagine what their dinner must be like. If it's anything like their lunch menu, it's probably fantastic--just the right amount of traditional Scottish food mixed with bright flavors and a modern twist.

On a cold, rainy day the potato and garlic soup was perfect for warming up, as was the beef stroganoff-esque dish I got for my main. And a glass of red wine was the perfect touch for a lazy afternoon meal!
I was lucky enough to be treated to a fab dinner here at the end of Dec 12. 
The food was great and the staff were lovely. There was a slight glitch when the waitress admitted forgetting to put our dessert order through after we chased it up but then they knocked it off the bill which was very decent.
Would definitely recommend it for a treat/special occasion.
If I could use one word to sum up my dining experience last night at Wedgwood, it would be: underwhelmed. 

I'd been wanting to try it out for a long time as I'd heard good things. Although I tried to go in without any expectations, I was just severely underwhelmed.

The food was ok. I had the scallops to start, which was tasty, but at £12.95, I was hoping for more than 2 scallops cut in half to make 4 morsels.. Same could be said about the minute portion of langostine which arrived on our dining companion's plate. D had pigeon which was good, although overpowered by the haggis it was served with.

I had the rabbit wrapped in pancetta and have to agree with Grace that it was delicious, although slightly over salted. D had the deer which I found to be a total let down. The meat wasn't very flavourful, lacking the gaminess which I enjoy about deer meat. Again it was overpowered by the haggis that it came with. Our dining companion had lamb and verdict was that although the meat was good, the flavours didn't work when you put all the components together.

Dessert was sticky toffee pudding & chocolate brownie which were ok, but nothing special.

Out of the two times we had a server come to pour our wine, they only filled 3 glasses out of 4 each time.  Although I can't say the service was bad, I was hoping for something a little more than the minimal.

Having gone downstairs to use the bathroom, I'm very glad we were seated upstairs. If you're booking, definitely request a table upstairs!

Although nothing about the evening was terrible, for the price point, I very much feel like I've gotten much better value elsewhere.
We were planning a ladies lunch, it was second day of the festival and the sun was shining . So where do ladies that lunch go?

We decided on Wedgewood, so we took advantage of the 12 pounds for two courses, or 3 courses for 16 pounds. The restaurant itself is well laid out and had a lovely buzz about it when we walked in. We'd booked in advance which was a good idea as the restaurant as full soon after we arrived.

We went for a fresh salmon starter which was served with beetroot puree and a deep fried haggis with a wonderfully spicy salsa. The salmon was so fresh I was instantly transported to the beach at North Berwick, and the beetroot puree has a wonderfully earthy taste which wasn't too sweet as beetroot dishes can be sometimes. The haggis was beautifully soft inside with a nice crunchy bite on the outside and the salsa had a really good kick on the finish.

Our mains were just as good and my coley filet was cooked perfectly with the flesh still being firm and flavourful. I have to admit I don't remember which wine we ordered (but it was delicious) as I left my friend to order that as I had to duck out and deal with a parking situation at that point of the meal.

If you're looking for a great value lunch served with a changing menu taking advantage of the fresh seasonal ingredients available, I'd highly recommend Wedgewood.

By all means take advantage of the 3 courses for 16 pounds, but if like us you're too full then I'd highly recommend a wander to let your lunch digest then a trip across the road to Mimi's picnic parlour that does Luca's ice creams!
Wedgwood comes very highly recommended and with good reason.  Heading for an occasion Sunday lunch, we select the £25 3 course Xmas lunch option. The menu offered five choices per course which is very generous and it was difficult to select between the delicious offerings. 
The smoked salmon was a winner - as you would expect in Scotland.   The blue cheese risotto Bon bons were yummy and the beetroot garnish helped cut through the richness of the dish.  Main course of venison stew was tasty although the serve a little on the small side while the corn croquettes with a crab salsa was as pretty as it was tasty.  
Dessert was the highlight though.  Before lunch I didn't know that a posset is a type of set dessert a little less viscous than a pannacotta, after lunch I know that I want more posset! This lemon version was simple, clean and delicious.  My friend had the Christmas pudding with a to die for brandy sauce.
Wine list is very thorough and reasonably priced and the whiskey selection is pretty great.  Check out the reserve selection for something really special should you want to splurge this festive season. 
Highly recommended.
We visited Wedgewood just before Christmas, for the boy's birthday. Such is his curse, that his day for getting older happens to be slap bang in the office party season, so it's sometimes difficult to find places to go out and have a quiet meal. Wedgewood I had heard had a nice atmosphere, and good food from Yelp reviews, so we decided to give it a try. 

First note of dischord was being seated right by the front door - but it actually was ok, not draughty and we weren't disturbed much at all, even though the restaurant was heaving. 

I went for the sea radish pannacotta, he had the beef stir fry for starters. Mine...definitely on the wierd radar, and glad I decided to try it, probably wouldn't bother again, but I can certainly regale my experiences to those who want to hear about it (green, wobbly creamy and salty... not a conversation you necessarily want to eavesdrop against), it will take a while to forget it.  I was happy to get the palate cleanser (nice wee surprise that) of lime sorbet, ginger beer and crushed raspberries. 

Mains.. he had the lamb which constituted of various versions of lamb, although the seaweed coating wasn't a success... too salty for his tastes. I had the aubergine and goats cheese cannelloni. While I liked the idea of aubergine as an alternative to pasta, there was too much goats cheese and the dish overall felt distinctly average compared to the rest of the dishes ordered. 

Desserts were cheese board (kindly without blue cheese) and a nicely plated deconstruction of a pear tatin. 

So, the food was pretty decent overall, despite the disappointing veggie main. Service... lacklustre. We had one drink order at the start, and a struggle to get attention thereafter. I ended up drinking the SR's water, as it started to feel all Lawrence of Arabia on the lack of liquid front. By the end it was positively dreadful, as we watched the waitresses polishing silver and resetting tables, despite the number of tables still busy and we were still waiting to place an order.. get the bill... anything. In the end, we gave up, and I stood at the till to get the bill so we could leave. Definitely felt like the waitresses were not on the ball, which was disappointing, as the irritation increased the longer we waited to try to get attention. 

I probably won't rush back, as I wasn't overwhelmed in the end, although the SR enjoyed his meal, which was the important part of the night.
This really was disitictly average so A-ok sums it up perfectly.

Their lunch deal really do look like great value, 2 courses for £12 in such a fine dining restaurant sounds tremendous.

A colleague decided she wanted to have her leaving lunch here so offer went earlier this week to see what they had to offer.

For starter I went for the fishcakes. 2 small cakes, with a little salad and salsa. Crispy fishcakes with a soft potato filling and haddock flavour. Pretty darn good i would say. This would on its own merit 4 stars.

For the main I went for the meatballs with blackpudding and mash potato. The meatballs for a fine dining restaurant were erm rustic. Very roughly chopped onion sticking out, quite small and really didnt look like anythign special. The blackpudding was mixed itno the potato and just somehow lacked any flavour at all. The meatballs needed more caramelisation on the outside and a good bit more seasoning. The mash needed to not have blackpudding in it and have more seasining. In such a simple dish while the presentation was ok it just didnt work as a dish at all.

Actually for this dish on its own it would be 2 stars. The service and the fishcakes even it out as a 3 star overall.

Really disappointing all in alo
The one aspect of this exceptional little jewel of a restaurant on Leith's Constitution Street that never fails to astound me, is the double take inducing reasonability of the prices, considering the quality and outright deliciousness of the food you receive. 

You can eat like a king in every sense, as the food is fantastic, plus there's no need to do anything miserable like opting out of having a starter or desert because you can't afford it. Having three courses plus whatever tipple you're in the mood for will still leave you with plenty of change to spare, which should absolutely be put towards a generous tip for the lovely staff (and compliments to the chef of course). If I was one of these people that had a bottomless pit of a stomach, I would even consider ordering a couple of dishes per course to sample, such is the appeal of everything on the menu. The restaurant's interior is clean lined and immaculately finished, and has a really fresh feel to it 

The proprietor and head chef at Leith Lynx, Brian Donkin, has previously been at the helm of numerous bars and restaurants in Edinburgh and the Leith area, so has many years of food craftsmanship and successful business running behind him. Knowing all this, I felt pretty assured that my first meal here would be far beyond average, and I wasn't disappointed, and never have been since on subsequent visits. 

After coming here for the first time, I felt so irritated at myself for spending half my bank balance in establishments in the centre of town for so many years, for really standard food in really standard environments, when I could have made the effort to come to Leith and sample some of the tasty brilliance on offer here.

My most recent meal at Leith Lynx was a lunch time meeting with my brother, and I deliberately refrained from eating breakfast so that I could fill my gluttonous chops with as much as possible. I went for the French onion soup to start, a favourite soup variety of mine, which was entirely flavoursome and came with just the right amount of Gruyere cheese. This was followed by the fish special of the day, which was lemon sole in an indulgently creamy sauce served with mashed potato. The texture of the fish was perfect, and tasted like it had been plucked from the sea five minutes before it was served. All the fish here is amazingly fresh, and there are a great range of seafood options to be had on both the lunch and dinner menu, plus an amazing game pie, and meat dishes including venison and lamb.  My brother went for the smoked salmon with lemon to start, followed by the veal meat dish of the day, both of which he commended very highly.
 
Leith Lynx is definitely meant to be a place to feel at home at, with its classic and delicious dishes with a twist, and the prices here make it a restaurant you can visit regularly, without worrying about spending a fortune.
Really enjoyed our Sunday lunch here. Good local produce, well prepared. We summed it up: "Leith Lynx is very good. You should definitely pay it a visit, soon. We'd gladly go back to sample from their other menus."
I have dietary restrictions and I really appreciate that this place has options for gluten free and dairy free selections. Amazing food, reasonable prices, wait staff helpful and efficient. I ordered the halloumi and almost died of happiness, and the quail was so perfect- crispy on the outside and moist on the inside- that people were trying to steal my food.
Lovely little bar cafe in Leith. Busy when I've been there, so grab a seat quick when you get the chance. The menu is great and varies from day to day, with lots of home made fare and interesting quirky taste treats. Waitress service for drinks too, so you don't even have to queue at the bar.
Nice relaxed atmosphere which could have you spend your entire evening there even if you'd intended to move on.
Friends chose this as the evening rendez-vous on their wedding day. We had the back room of this very cosy little place.


 The whole teapot idea (drinks/food/candles all in little individual tea pots and tea cups) is fantastic and very quirky.


 I would say that the food was mediocre (had the large fish chowder thing [bit too creamy] and shared a nachos [needed more salsa - a bit tasteless]).


 But, the cocktails were EXCELLENT. I started with a Rose Mary (their take on a bloody mary) and it was delectable. Followed by the favourite of the night, Pear Necessities. They were very reasonably priced £4.50 average.


 Staff were nice and kindly called us a taxi upon request.


 Would recommend as a nice place to catch up with a friend over a drink or a place to start your evening out.
Where do you ever have the bar staff hunting out seats for you? Here it would seem and very welcome it was too.


 Good range of beers on offer (including 3 of Brew Dog's in the fridge) and a lively, buzzing environment in which to enjoy them. Not somewhere you really want to leave once you're settled.
Tucked away amidst the industrial block and dockland area of Leith lies the Roseleaf.  

Instead of serving the usual tempura blah on a bed of naff with a chilli jus, the Roseleaf sticks to the reliable homely pub grub and adds a respectable level of polish and charm to it. 

The menu is provided among the pages of a National Geographic, they do a drool worthy homemade ginger beer and the decor of carefully selected antique bits and bobs equates to a unique cafe/pub/eatery.

Popular with locals and nearby business folk, the Roseleaf is a cracking pub.
Another gem to add to the growing collection of Edinburgh's best kept secrets, however on this occasion you would be forgiven for never having heard of the Roseleaf. Situated less than 5 minutes walk from Ocean Terminal, but located right slap bang in the middle of a mini-industrial site complete with cobble road and newly-constructed flats, this pub somewhat reminded me of the movie, Batteries Not Included (would love to see the amount of confused faces after reading THAT!), and the final image of this classic rundown 80s diner and apartment block dwarfed by neighbouring skyscrapers!

Anyway I digress - not uncommon for me - so back to it. Yes, the Roseleaf establishment looks like the last surviving remnant of a once-bustling Leith neighbourhood, now reduced to rubble in the wake of a modern overhaul. Whether this is a testament to the quality of the venue, I do not know, but quality it is and remain it does.

Initially my reaction was disappointment; don't get me wrong, the venue was clean, the décor interesting, cosy and inviting, the staff friendly and the music suitably ambient. The atmosphere was also.... present (I imagine Roseleaf garners its fair share of locals throughout both week and weekend, so for a Wednesday afternoon/evening it was probably about as busy as can be expected). No, the disappointment came from learning that the seasonal Teatime Menu had changed the day before..... and they had NOT updated the website to reflect this. And yes, the 4 dishes I had seen online only hours before, and was weighing up which one to have, had all vanished from sight!

Gutted.....

Now understand the Spring Menu was absolutely fine. I had Mackerel Pate to start and a cracking Roast Leg of Chicken doused in red wine jus and an assortment of accompaniments including black pudding (Spring food?) and chorizo. My disappointment only stemmed from the expectation of being 2 days late for a date with a Pork Belly, Rabbit Loin, Venison Pie or Haggis, Neeps & Tatties!! All extremely tempting dishes from the Winter Menu.

Word of warning: Do NOT trust the online menu. Not yet anyway. Winter is still on show and you will want to go through it! Yes, even the Mushroom & Ricotta Cheescake.... and I'm the furthest thing from veggie on this planet!

So overall Roseleaf has the potential to be a cracker. Would be interesting to head down on a weekend maybe and see it in busier climes. And its proximity to Ocean T makes it the perfect dinner-and-movie destination on a school night.... only next time I won't be venturing in with expectations in my pocket!

Although they've now given me a reason to look forward to next winter... hurry up Summer! Move along!!
The veggie haggis was good (I've never had actual haggis, so take that with a grain of salt), as was a salad with marinated bread. We also enjoyed the pumpkin seed encrusted plaice. 

Roseleaf occupies the bottom floor of a cool little building tucked between some asymmetric streets. Lots of chotchkies on the walls to occupy your attention.
Stopped in and got me some delish ginger beer. Cured my stomach ailing from all the Haggis. They seemed to have specials all throughout the month of July for various independency days (July 4th, Canada Day, Bastille Day). That sign was cute.
Very much enjoyed this trip to the Roseleaf last Saturday (December 2011). Bags of character and a very welcoming atmosphere, with good food and some very inventive drinks.

A local favourite, but well worth the visit to Leith for us visitors.
Ok..... so maybe I am being a little bit harsh with the three stars, but it leaves me open to bump it up after a second visit. In all honesty, overall I was a little disappointed. May be all my own fault, I could have been too mega excited for our Yelp Christmas Night out and it just didn't live up to what I had expected. 

First of all I decided to show some self control and have just two courses, main and pudding. I was insanely jealous when the Gravadlax came out and everyone was saying how tasty it was. Whilst we were having our starters myself and val decided we would share a pot tail. Yes, a cocktail, in a teapot! Genius. We opted for fruit tingle, prosecco, orange, passionfruit yumminess. It also came with two rather dainty cups and saucers. I don't know if I do dainty well, but I liked it! 

Then main course arrived, I had ordered the Haddock with risotto and poached egg. Which was fine, I was not enamoured with it, especially seeing the squash wellington sitting opposite me. Wrong choice. Basically, too much risotto, which had a skin on it and was just not the right consistency. My egg was also a little undercooked, but I was hungry!

Pudding, Chocolate tart with Ice cream. It is pudding, it involves chocolate, you can't go massively wrong on that. Ice cream was alright, although it kinda looked cheapy quality, that horrible bright yellow colour. But it tasted fine, 

So my main problems - the main was not up to scratch. I also felt like they may have been a little ambitious trying to squeeze twenty of us in that rather small space. I was on the end of table and constantly felt I was in the way/getting knocked by people walking past. I also would have quite liked Coffee/Tea/Mints/Mince Pies included in the meal, I felt my £20 for the two courses was maybe a little much for what I got. I left pretty peckish.
As the chosen restaurant for the Yelp Christmas Dinner, I had high hopes. Adorable traditional British gastropub that serves cocktails in teapots alongside bangers and mash? Yes please.

In the process of booking the table of 20 people (which turns out to be their entire dining area) the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, patient when waiting for orders. So big kudos to the staff for pre-event arrangements and also service on the night. There were 20 of us, they staggered the meals well and kept us all well fed.

The pub itself seems to be really popular with the locals, and other parties. When we arrived a wedding party were filling the bar. It has charm it's old-worldly but like I said, does cocktails in tea pots (which are called 'pot-tails' not the other way of fusing the two words, which I blurted out without thinking...)

The Salamander Slapper that Catriona C and I shared was quite nice (we're talking pot-tails here) although I couldn't really taste the alcohol or feel the effect. There was a lot of ice in it. But good for the novelty value.

It does pain me to then lower the stars somewhat and give an 'a-ok' review. The food itself is where I was a little let down. We all had to pre-order our meals off the Christmas menu. I went for the smoked salmon starter and then the "Haddock with Oat Risotto, Applewood and a happy egg". Now, on the menu that seems to be 'haddock WITH risotto', not 'risotto with haddock.'

So when the mains arrived and the waitress asked "who ordered the risotto?" I thought 'uh oh'. I don't like risotto much but was willing to sacrifice it as a side for a delicious piece of haddock and a happy poached egg. What arrived was a bowl of risotto with a few wee bits of haddock on top, and a poached egg that was overly poached so wasn't runny.

The risotto, being oat, tasted entirely of porridge. It was, as Aidan put it very well, glutinous, overly filling and bland. The fact that it was in abowl and the haddock was on top meant there was no space to cut the haddock apart from on the risotto, so the haddock tasted of porridge. And the un-runny poached egg gave no yolk to mask the flavour. (see uploaded photo)

The result was like eating a big bowl of porridge with fish and egg. Weird. Bland.

Luckily I was able to share a little of Kay L's butternut squash and nut wellington, which was far more flavourful. And the pork belly disappeared faster than you can say "cock-pot". (Damnit, I just said it again didn't I?) And the beef pie looked amazing. (See all uploaded photos)

The smoked salmon starter was really great, the salmon in such thick slices. And the chocolate tart I tried, witha soufflé consistency was nice. But as Louise C said, there were no coffees or mince pies after. Yes, we make consessions that it's Christmas so it might be slightly higher priced. But...I did come away just feeling a wee bit disappointed with my main option. 

I'd be willing to give Roseleaf another go based on other good reviews and photos I've seen. The burger looks epic. It's  agreat cosy wee pub too. I was just a little let down by my main and had a wee bit of a sore tummy for the rest of the night because of it. I want to like Roseleaf, I do and I will come back. Just please don't serve me porridge with fish.
We had a very merry Christmas meal with a large group of Yelpers here. A charming interior, different from other places I am accustomed to visiting, more like your granny's lounge with a hint of expected victoria sponge. It feels like an odd choice, but it does work and down to the butter knives, reminds me a little of home. 

Food wise, I wasn't blown away, but it was all rather nice. Again, a bit like your gran. My starter wasn't particularly memorable - mushroom and polenta - to be honest, if I had thought about it, my reaction would be that neither have much flavour - and that was t the result, although it was laced with garlic. I did manage to steal some of the boys salmon... boy that was nice, much better as an option. Roseleaf shone right there and right then. I also enjoyed the mulled wine bread that was a precursor to the starter - and promised good things - nice touch there and pretty tasty at that. 

It took a long time to deliver each course - by the looks of it, food was being prepped to deliver simultaneously - which is nice, but in a party of 20, I think perhaps the kitchen was a little challenged? There were definite murmurs of dissent from our end by the time the main finally arrived, which never bodes well and tends to leave a bad taste in the proverbial. The squash and nut Wellington I ordered took much longer than the other plates to arrive - me thinks it was holding things up. It was quite nice, although the large chunks of nut I crunched through was agonizingly painful due to a wisdom tooth coming in (note to self - nuts ain't soft, dude) - could have done with the nuts being a little less chunky, but that's a personal opinion. Brussel sprouts were manfully attempted and pretty tasty (lots of butter flavour), and overall the plate was pleasant, but I wouldn't say now that I would rush back for another slice. 

I was gluttinous - I did go for a third course - when you have cranachan and cheesecake in one, how are you going to say no? But ultimately, I was disappointed - the raspberry didn't cut through the richness of the cheesecake, and the lavender honey made it all the sweeter and heavy as did the accompanying jam berry combination. Loved the cinder toffee though.

I did like the cock-pots (as Jenny L called em), the one we had had a fantastic name and went down as frighteningly well as a good cocktail should. But overall, much as Roseleaf is nice, and I had a lovely evening, I don't think it's a place I will rush back to  anytime soon - it's all very nice, but ask me in a month, and I probably won't remember much at all about the place, except the butter knives.
If i could do a 3.5 I would. 

After signing up for the Yelp Christmas Dinner I had really high expectations. It seemed as though depending on what you chose to eat there were different reactions to the experience. I decided to go for 2 vegetarian options.. This i dont normally do. All was really tasty but I left a tad bit hungry and didn't walk away thinking "WOW" 

I really liked the atmosphere of the place, really. The art on the walls, water from teapots, etc was really nice. Also the home made ginger ale was really good for my stomach (had a case of the hangover). 

I would come back, Just not sure if I'd want to pay the price I did for what I ate. Roseleaf have the atmosphere down, and the presentation of some food is awesome... theres just a little bit missing.
Went there one extremely hungover Sunday and cured it with a pint and cheese on toast. This was no ordinary cheese on toast however. It was on two thick slabs of wholemeal bread with about an inch of various melted cheeses with some chopped up raw chilli just to blow away the cobwebs. 
Probably the best hungover / hair of the dog combos I've had in a while.The barmaid like, totally fancied me (naturally) and was flirty too which is always nice! Cheese on toast + beer + Flirty women = hangover cure.
The Roseleaf is based in the shore are of Leith, but being off the main road it would be easily missed if you werent looking for it.  Its a quirky wee pub, with the walls covered in hats, lots of vintage memoriabilia scattered around and cocktails served in teapots.  Sounds odd, and it is, but thats a good thing.

This place serves many purposes, you could just as easily go here for tea and cakes as you would for a night of drinking.  I have to say though, that for me its the food and in particular the brunch menu that keeps bringing me back.

If you want to go here for breakfast they recommend phoning ahead and booking a table, a few days ahead if possible, as it isn't huge and they are very popular.   With everything from porridge to eggs Benedict and then the full breakfasts.   I have had both the vegetarian and meat-heavy options of the full breakfast and have found them both to be as good as I have found in Edinburgh.
In the deepest darkest hollows of a hangover I stumbled in here with friends over the weekens in search of my dignity, redemption and if nothing else a good feed.

Welcomed by a nice waitress we sat down and had a good laugh with her, for various reasons I was soon wearing one of the hats the have up high on the wall.

Thinking my gangover through I went for the rum cask finish Innes & Gunn to drink - more and more popular these across the city and easy to see why.

Going over the menu I was delighted to see the work crackling and pork. This was a slightly unusual take though..... a pulled pork, crackling, stuffing and apple sauce wrap...! It was all very tasty - chef had made a bit of blunder though - ususing certain lettuce for this doesnt work as they go bitter when cooked - rather basic error so lose a star..!

Served with sauted potatos normally I asked for chips which was no issue and came with some coleslaw and a side salad. All in all just what I needed...though left with pangs of disappointment as this palce is so close to being brilliant...!

Jd still a happy man!
Want to try something different and quirky?  How about chasing the white rabbit down to The Rose Leaf for a Mad Hatter's tea party?  

Try the tasty pot tails served in real china tea cups and tea pots made with real fruit juice.  This truly is alcohol that is good for you!!!

Feeling a bit fragile on a Sunday?  How about going for a Sunday roast just like Granny used to make and served on the same crockery, with the white handled cutlery.  

Winner for all generations.  

P.S.  Don't forget to leave notes for your friends on the blackboards when you go to the toilets:P
Potentially the only thing you need to know: the breakfasts here are awesome. 

And they're served all day. And they're awesome.

You want more? Well. First off check out the photo I uploaded of The Big Yin breakfast. Does exactly what it says on the tin. Served in a frying pan, there was the BIGGEST SAUSAGE I HAVE EVER SEEN (that's what she said, I know.) And then the home-made tattie scone. And just SO MUCH FOOD. This wasn't even my breakfast and I was in awe.

I went for the Tattie Stack. Two home-made tattie scones with some black pudding and bacon, and a 'happy fried egg' on top. The black pudding was awesome-sauce and the home-made tattie scones really made it. Happy as Larry was I, and judging by all the food that was demolished from the frying pan opposite me, I'd say we both were.

I love all the names on the menu too. The Big Yin for a start. And The Nutella Fella (a chocolatey dessert). Loads others that I can't remember, but the tongue-in-cheek menu is a nice touch.

The staff are also super friendly and down to earth. And they have scrabble! Another one to add to the board game / scrabble Yelp List.

They have some outdoor seating on a quiet side road, which we made use of. Unfortunately some overhead birds also made use of it, and were quite generous with their own offerings. On one of us (not me). The hazards of dining outside. I guess it goes with the territory of the Shore and seagulls close proximity to the Shore?!

So as far as a day-time gastopub goes, Roseleaf gets 5 stars. This is somewhere I'd love to be my local too, as judging by the friendly staff it'd be a great wee boozer in the evenings too.

Perfect for the Diamond Jubilee Day off.
I confirm most of the reviews here. This is a great pub to visit and hang out for a few hours pre- going out. What we do is go over and have a little drink in the afternoon and sometimes meet up with friends. The Mad Hatter's Tea Party is a MUST.. cocktails and munchies :o) great atmosphere and very welcoming. The fact that it is so popular and that people (can) reserve tables actually makes them loose a star.. no-one likes to be told to get a way from their table while in a interesting conversation. The food is good at best, need some improvement on certain dishes. But I am sure they are working on this. The staff is very helpful, welcoming and friendly and this always makes us come back for a drink or 2
i can't believe i've never reviewed the roseleaf! i went to uni in edinburgh and only very recently moved away after 8 lovely, fun and joyous years...when i return i like to come back to the best of the best and the places that i miss the most, the roseleaf is one of those places.

it is a small bar, full of character and mismatched plates. they have an amazing tea and juice list, and cocktails which come in tea pots. surprisingly, i've never actually been to the roseleaf to drink as their amazing breakfasts are the only reason i've ever been here. both the normal and veggie breakfasts come served on their own individual skillet - the ingredients are high quality, and delicious. i love spinach so much and i think it's the only veggie breakfast i have found which serves me it! their bread is home made and delicious and the portions are amazing - and such good value! i think my breakfast was £8 for all the food in the world!

what really made this particular visit stand out though was the people working there. the girl looking after us was the loveliest girl of all time, so friendly, helpful and smiley, but completely genuine. the dude that took our payment was also very friendly and chatty and it was a pleasure to be served by people who were genuinely so friendly and interested in the people that come to their bar. the service hasn't always been that great in the roseleaf - it has never ever been bad, but it has definitely been indifferent. very pleased! i hope i can get home to edinburgh and lovely leith again soon!
One of the best places you can eat in all of the UK. Friendly staff, clean food and incredible coffee. Free internet is always a bonus for me but this is a place I can truly call home :) Always ask to have a chat with Jonny, he's the man!

Go there now!!!
Ah the rose leaf. I'm always looking for a reason to come here. Big range of drinks including many tasty cocktails, wondrous lunches, mouth watering deserts. Above all else though; this place has the best black pudding ever. I dare to suggest otherwise. 

It's not cheap but it doesn't feel over priced. I'm willing to pay a little more for a little more!
We had cockatils in a china cup and poured from a china teapot! If you go with a  group of friends you can choose sip whilst modelling hearwear of your choice from the vast array of hats hanging on the walls. Completely daft but great fun. Worth a visit!!. Great wee place!
You know when you have a craving for something. Let's say, a chicken wrap. But it can't just be any chicken wrap. It has to be the chicken wrap from one particular place.  Other places may do a similar version, with similar flavours, but it's just NOT the exact wrap you're craving. Well, Roseleaf have that thing for me. And it's a chicken wrap.

10 merry Yelpers met up here for our regular monthly brunch recently. You know what brunch means? ANYTHING GOES? Burgers and a belinni? Check. Full fry up? Check.  Sopu and risotto. Check.

For the most part our table had breakfasty items. Three of the Big Yins (FULL fry up, served in gridle pan), tattie stacks (potato scones with egg and bacon and the like), eggs benny, soup and risotto (coupled with ale, at 11am), and waffles with bacon, maple syrup and banana. I kid you not.

Oh and my wrap. The cajun chicken wrap with triple-cooked chips. Good LORD. I'm craving it thinking about it right now. And I want it. And no other chicken wrap will do.

The chicken had been roasted and then pulled, the spices were stupidly delicious, and it was PACKED full of chicken. Probably about 1.5 chicken breasts worth of freshly roasted, pulled chicken breast. Mmmm.

The staff were also super friendly, and gave us hats from the wall to wear. Which we duly did. They have a Madhatter's Tea Party (I think on a Sunday?) when the hats are worn. But knowing we were Yelpers and it's brunch so anything goes, they offered us hats and we accepted.

For once I didn't have food envy, as I was so happy with my wrap. Apart from Jennie S's capuccino which had real, grated dark chocolate on top and looked equally delightful in its dainty tea cup, and delicious.

Roseleaf is definitely one of my top places for brunch. And chicken wraps.
hats, tea pots, great staff,
Good food by day, pub by night
Mmmmm... Brunchy, Munchy!
The Roseleaf is fantastic! It is tucked away in Leith and feels so quaint, cosy, warm, and welcoming inside! We joined the Yelp group here for brunch yesterday and loved it! The atmosphere is fantastic with lovely decorations and hats on the wall, which we were invited to wear so that was great fun! The menus are inside old National Geographic magazines, which is a fun touch. The menu is fantastic, too, with many great brunch options. I had the Big Yin fry-up, which was amazing although gigantic and very filling! It was one of the best full breakfasts I've had! My only quibble with this place is that we ordered one Big Yin to share between two people, and we didn't anticipate receiving (or eating!) two huge breakfasts. Considering we were a big group, they must not have heard us right. 

Overall the Roseleaf was fantastic and I'd like to go back for brunch and also for experiencing it at night as a pub. I love the atmosphere and the food is great!
Not sure how I've not written a review for this place yet, but apparently I get lazy after I've had a good meal (read a few too many cocktails too) and good intentions get digested along with the food...

I've had two brunches here, a late lunch and a dinner and I've always been well impressed by the food. I am however not always impressed with the service which can be rather lacking and stopping me giving this place 5 stars.. Maybe my tastebuds just aren't as discerning as the others before me?? But what I like about the roseleaf is it's just down home cookin'.. they're not trying to do anything revolutionary but what they do, they do well.  The 'full breakfast' or 'big breakfast' or whatever it's called is well worth it if you have the appetite, I love that it gets served on a skillet! If there was only a way I could smuggle the skillet home with me afterwards.. hmmmmm......

And it's been said time and again.. but cocktails.in.teapots. You don't really need more reason than that to visit this place! It helps that the cocktails are all scrumptious too tho!! I think I've tried most of them.. -disclaimer- I went to someone's b'day drinks and tried a bit of everyone else's cocktails.. rather than I'm a big enough alkie to have tried them all on my own!! The drink menu is QUITE large and my pockets aren't THAT deep! 

I always recommend it to out of town guests and never hesitate to stop in for a meal if I'm in the area.

It does get quite busy with drinkers on the weekend so it's advisable to book a table if you know you want a sit down meal!
I had Sunday lunch here last week and it was great. I've always liked the Roseleaf, from the outside it looks kind of out of place surrounded by apartment blocks and factory retailers but inside its cosy and quirky. Staff were friendly and attentive but the food was the main event. I had onion and Parmesan soup to start which was very tasty and the sweetness of the onion was balanced well with the salt of the Parmesan. Big hunks of bread = v. Happy!  Moved on to the cajun pulled pork in Scandinavian flat bread. Again, a crowd pleaser, spicy pork, lovely flat bread and a great Nordic influenced salad with quinoa. Oh, yeah and massive chips.

All together a very pleasant experience.
I visited Roseleaf for lunch with a couple of ex-colleagues. Since it was Monday, we had no problem getting a table - however if you are planning on dining here in the evening or especially weekends, booking is advised. 

Roseleaf has an interesting menu. Brunch is served from 10am to 5pm which is great as you can still have a more 'breakfasty' option if you wish, or just choose something else more substantial.

I had the 'Fancy Fritters' which is courgette fritters sandwiched between flatbread. It came with a salad and chips. The fritters were delicious, there was an appleslaw filling as well which went really well. Salad was nice, but the chips were soggy and I left most of them. 

This is a great place for lunch or drinks, a really cosy bar with lots to offer.
sunday brunch is a favourite meal and when the boyfriend suggested we go, i immediately suggested The Roseleaf.  but on arrival at 1pm the place was packed and the guy sadly told us there were no tables until at least 2:30pm, with a very sad face we left.  but being a thoughtful boyfriend, he brought me back here last week before we went away for my birthday weekend.

i have to say a week day is the time to go!  there were loads of tables available with only a few diners in the front room.  but the brunch menu is available every day until 5pm!!!!  that's right, brunch until 5pm :) :) :) 

with a bit of debate i ordered the Roseleafer which is their veggie breakfast and a mixed juice drink that i've now forgotten the name of.  the juice was a blend of pomegranate, apple, and raspberry i think and it was super tasty!  i've posted a picture as it was also very pretty :)

our breakfast arrived after a bit of a wait in proper cast iron griddle pans!  and these were mighty breakfasts!  my veggie one consisted of scrambled eggs ( you can have fried or poached if you want instead), grilled tomato and mushroom, beans, a massive heap of sauteed spinach, a homemade tattie scone, and the most wonderful and tasty veggie haggis i've ever had.  on the side of all of this amazingness was three generous slices of toasted homemade bread.  this was like breakfast heaven!!  and even though i was starving i couldn't manage to finish the lot.  the veggie haggis was the star and i was told by the waitress that it's award winning.  i can definitely see why!  my boyfriend was equally satisfied with his Big Yin breakfast which was basically every type of breakfast meat available with a fried egg and beans.

we both left very full and very happy.  i'm already trying to find a reason to go back here for more breakfast delight :)
Quite a wonderful little bar/bunch/restaurant. I came here to join my fellow Yelpers for a month brunch outing. I had been looking forward to this outing all week! I found the place easy enough and it looks quite cozy from the outside. A perfect place to get shelter from the rain I feel. I first had gone to the mens room before I got to explore and find my seat. It might be weird but I really liked the old school marvel comic wall paper in the bathroom. It was awesome as it had all my favorite comic super heroes I remember reading as a little boy with the old ads they used to have in comics to order spiderman stuff and things like that. So brownie points for that I thought it was awesome. But back to the normal part of the review not the toilets. 

Was greeted kindly by the waitress at the bar and ordered an orange juice. I was then shown to my seat with my fellow Yelp followers. The first thing I noticed in the restaurant beside the awesome toilet wall paper was the menus and the decorations around the space. The menus were national geographic magazines with the menu incorporated into it. So I could order my food while reading about flying monkeys or something! Totally loved that. Also the decorations had hats all over the ceiling and cool little statues and paintings. There was an awesome horse head statue that I wanted to take home with me but couldn't. 

So food was ordered, I was feeling a bit under the weather ( shouldn't have drank those strongbows on Arthurs seat yesterday :D ) but not to horribly so obviously the best thing to get for an upset stomach is the richest food possible!! I had the eggs benedict with smoked salmon! It was really really tasty. The hollandaise sauce was very good and the smoked salmon fit with it and the poached eggs quite well. The smokey taste was subtle and not overwhelming. The dish was not that salty as I  thought it might be super salty but it was not to bad. It was very rich of course and I was not able to finish the whole thing , but I was left comfortably full. 

As I do not do brunch that much if ever I am a fan of this place and would like to come back here again to try the Big Yin breakfast that is basically a mountain man ( or woman ) breakfast and has the works. So if your in the leith area and your hungover and hungry or smart and not hungover but still hungry this is a good place to go.
So... I have this thing about roses. If there are roses anywhere on it, or mentioned, or otherwise involved, I'm pretty much a dead cert to like it. But I confess I had some vague preconceptions of this place from the reviews I'd read and I expected something a little twee, a bit "quirky" in that slightly forced sense. So when I came here for the Yelp brunch I was surprised to find that from the outside it looks pretty much like any other relatively nice pub.

Well, to be fair, quirk it has in abundance inside. The halogen lights are shaded by upturned teacups in translucent bone china. Around the top of the room, hats in all styles and colours hang on rose-shaped hooks. Menus arrive in old copies of National Geographic. The teapot in which our tea arrived was an adorable porcelain cottage. But it's not a try-hard kind of place; despite the kooky notes, it's also a genuine, solid pub. It's cosy, warm, well-stocked with a good range of drinks.

I was transfixed, too, by the juicer, which provided me with apple juice so fresh and pulpy that I could stand my straw upright in it, and served with a merry slice of apple that presented the whole thing, rather charmingly, like a cocktail. That kind of fruity joy explains the hefty £3 price tag, which I would gladly pay again.

There was a good number of us, yet they managed to serve us all pretty quickly. My meal was the last to arrive but I didn't feel I'd been waiting an unfairly long time. The big breakfasts on griddles looked incredible and super-generous, and I heard good reports about the French toast too.

I went for Eggs Florentine. To be honest, I was a little disappointed with the eggs themselves; I like the yolks of my poached eggs to run free like liquid scamps on the playground of my food, but these smiled orangely up at me in regrettable stasis. I suspect that this might simply have been a side-effect of having to poach eggs for about half of our rather large party in quick succession, though; both the wilted spinach and the toast were done to perfection, so it was still a really lovely meal, and a snip at £5.95.

The whole experience was easily worth the long walk to Leith from my house (which also justified the indulgence... yum yum!) and I feel very certain I'll be back before too long to enjoy it all over again. Yup, this place is coming up smelling of roses!
Not the regular sort of bar I normally hang out in, but I do like this place even though its missing the spit and saw dust I am accustomed to. The decor is very twee and the theme carries on through to the cocktails that are served in tea pots. They have a reasonable range of pints on draught and they shorts selection is excellent. 

They have a reputation for great food and I have only ever popped in here for a pint on the way to somewhere else, so when this popped up as the option for Sunday brunch recently I jumped at the chance to get down here to try their food. The food  was well worth the trip outside of my usual Marchmont bubble. The missus went for a Roseleafer veggie breakfast and I opted for the Big Yin. Both are served on a griddle and come with copious amounts of great breakfast food, so much so I was moving food out the way only to discover more options underneath. I have paid similar amounts for breakfast and come away disappointed. Value for money, quality and portion size were all excellent. I am well fussy about coffee and the this didn't disappoint either.  All in the Roseleaf is now high on my list of places to eat out at while down this end of town. 

Service was good, food was great and the atmosphere/surroundings were spot on.
Love this place, always make an effort to go here when in Edinburgh. Had the breakfast before which was tasty and also dinner, where I had the best risotto ever had!

This time I was here for the mad hatters tea party. The food was sublime, proper sausage rolls made with real beef. The beetroot Bon Bon was amazing and I don't even like beetroot! The scones were warm and delicious. Also had brownies and a delicious cup cake. Was more than enough food for all of us.

They also give you mad hats to wear whilst having your tea party...good fun. 

The main reason I go here is for the Pot tails. How can you not love having cocktails in a tea pot and cups and saucers!? Makes it taste better in my opinion.

The decor is quite twee and old fashioned but that makes the place even better. There are blackboards in the toilets where you can leave a wee message.

The only reason it is not 5 stars is due to the price of the mad hatters tea party. It was £11.50 and with that you only get food. Whilst the food was excellent, I think they could have thrown in a cup of tea as well!
The Roseleaf has to be the happiest place in town (well Leith), service is always warm and loving, they care about the food they serve. Authentic, original and really good food and drink.
Best orange juice too!
Lorna
This place just takes itself a little too seriously.

I like nice décor and surroundings just as much as anyone else when I go to a restaurant, but I really don't need to read about who designed it/what fabric they used for it/where this particular cushion was imported from in the menu. By definition, when I open the menu it's because I'm hungry and I want to eat.

After all their obsessive descriptions about every aspect of every single item that was within a mile radius of the restaurant, I couldn't help but suspect that they were doing it to dazzle you so much that you wouldn't notice if the food was mediocre. And it turned out I was right. I have no doubt that the ingredients were all grown especially for them and probably flown in on a private jet or something equally ridiculous, but there are so many other great food places along George IV bridge that I did feel a bit ripped off.

Being part of the Hotel Missoni, people will always eat here. Mainly because of it's reputation and because it's the kind of place that you can name-drop. But unfortunately the quality and style of Missoni clothes doesn't transfer to their hotel restaurants.
Everything about Hotel Missoni is newly stylish, immaculately finished, and trimmed with an edge of slightly eccentric fun, including Cucina, the Italian restaurant that makes up part of the hotel.

This is definitely a classy Italian dining experience, where you're served by smooth Missoni clad waiters, who are the kind of waiters that seem to glide along quietly doing their thing, not interfering too much with your meal, but making sure that everything is attended to nonetheless.

I had freshly made penne pasta with a pork ragu sauce, which was fantastic and full of flavour, followed by a good old glass vessel of Tiramisu, very much on the coffee tasting side of things, rather than the sweeter edge served up in some restaurants, and really, really good. This restaurant gets a no hesitation recommendation from me, although strangely for a Thursday night, normally a fairly busy evening in town, the restaurant seemed pretty quiet. Probably just a one off, because town didn't really seem that busy anyway on that particular evening, and sometimes it's better to have a bit of peace and quiet while you have some quality pasta and parmesan time.
When it comes to decor and ambience, Cucina would get 5 stars. 

Designed by Rosita Missono, it's a beautiful space that occupies a huge corner of the Hotel Missoni's first floor. Sunshine streams in through the windows and there's a mix of round booths and intimate tables centred around the never ending black and white sofa . The furniture and tableware are as delightful as the hotel rooms and everything from the linen to the wine glasses seems high spec. 

The problem is, the food and customer service are only 3 star. I went on a Wednesday lunchtime and couldn't believe how slow and unresponsive the waitresses were. It took twenty minutes to get our starters - of goats cheese and salad! - and when two of us were given under-cooked salmon as a main, nobody came and checked if we were happy with the food. Instead they simply waited til our last diner had finished and then cleared the plates away.  

Admittedly, we were only eating Cucina's Missoni a Mezzegoioni - two courses for £10, 3 courses for £13 lunch - but if the food had been great, we would have been tempted to go back in the evening and order from the full menu. As it is, we left feeling hungry and bemused. The bread and puddings were top notch but where were the fresh, seasonal ingredients we were promised on the menu? And where was the Missoni's usually excellent customer service? Having a vacation in Italy?
I am a fan, but only for a particular time and a particular occasion. Cucina is housed within Hotel Missoni. Its sleek, trendy, very central and very much a ladies-who-lunch, business meeting type place. Nice to clink a few glasses of bubbly in the evening too I imagine.

As I do before all pre-arranged lunch or dinners, I went onto their website prior to scout out what I could have. I know this isn't actually part of the restaurant but lordy the website is frustrating! It's all moving images, flashing colours, music, and it took me about 10 clicks to find the menu (I did eventually find it).

This level of trendy, sophisticated show-offy-ness does continue into the restaurant. The staff were all very friendly, and it had a quiet, nice buzz but it did feel very...showy. In particular when a very small waitress came out carrying a HUGE tray with our two small starter plates on it, with a much larger male waiter beside her took them off the tray and onto the table. Quite a lot of pomp and ceremony for soup and salad. But, as I said, they were friendly and seemed genuinely warm so whilst it was pompy it was pretentious.

The decor is also a bit...well it's not me. But hey, each to their own.

The reason for my four stars is the food was really damned good. I ordered the duck and orange salad to start, and chicken for main. But when the duck salad arrived and I realised how big it was I cancelled my main - and there was no fuss. The duck was so tender, although it MAY have been confit de canard which would explain why. But there was a lot of it. The orange sauce was lightly sweet but not overpowering. The little orange flesh dotted throughout the most delicious orange I've tasted out of season. And, like I said, it was a very generous portion.

I also tasted my dining companions baked hake with lentils. I didn't order this as I don't do lentils, but the hake was dreamy. So soft it, for want of a better and not overly-used description, melted like butter in my mouth. Had we been more intimate acquaintances I would have picked away at the plate more but felt it rude to eat half his main.

The coffee was VERY strong and small, so quite authenticly Italian then. It came with two sugar-covered gelatine sweets, I can't remember the name, but like very posh fruit pastilles. They were gooey-ish, turkish-delightish and a very nice touch.

This was definitely a 'foodie' experience. The rest of the place isn't my scene, but if I were to do a business lunch or office night out, or a celebration of sorts for a group of people I'd definitely consider it. I could happily eat all of that duck and orange salad again.
we stayed at the hotel and arrived late so decided to eat at the restaurant.  the homemade pasta, esp the tagliatelle bolognese, is outstanding.  al dente, good flavor, a very tasty basic pasta dish.  the other food was solid too.  whenever i see liver (not foie gras) on the menu, i order it.  they served it in cubes instead of whole slab of liver-shape.  i was afraid it would be overcooked since it was smaller pieces but it was very good.  lemon sole, roast chicken, all solid.  we liked the tagliatelle so much, we went back the next night too.  first night the bread basket was warm and fresh.  2nd night, the bread was dry and old.  oh well.  both nights, our pastas came out immediately then there was a very long lull before our main dishes came out.  seemed like a common theme with other diners too.  staff is very friendly tho.  restaurant is kinda noisy due to the oh-so-hip bar downstairs.
Rather underwhelming. The food doesn't match the quality of the uber-chic surroundings. We summed it up: "Cucina at Missoni delivers stylish dishes, but not the quality to match the elegance. The menu has some good ideas and some dishes that sound enticing, but suffers in terms of execution. There are many better Italian restaurants in Edinburgh, so we won't be rushing back there, any time soon."
Having been to Cucina twice in two days (!) - I must say I loved it there both times!

I went for lunch - set menu (2 course for £15) and really enjoyed both meals - although was not fond of the dessert the first time (tiramisu) so opted for a starter the second time.

So! For lunch - both times, it was pretty quiet.  We were seated quickly.  Both times, service was a little slow, but not from the kitchen which was fast (the waiter at one point mentioned they aimed for both courses in 45 minutes), taking orders, getting the bill etc was slow.  Not that I minded but  - I suggest if you are in a hurry for lunch - tell them so that they wait on a you a little quicker!

Decor! Well - for me, it's too busy! There are lots of stripes, zigzags and dots - which I'm sure are lovely for some - but actually at time made me dizzy! Ooops.

Heartily recommend and am now really looking forward for an occasion to go for dinner!
Okay, I'm not a big fan of Missoni or Rosita Missono.I think that the dining room looks like a television test pattern ran amok.  This emperor's-new-clothes fusion of patterns is a lot of hipster lite claptrap. The food, though, is top-drawer Italian, made and served by the paisani.  They made a beautiful Risotto Milanese and a potato-parmesan stuffed ravioli with a black truffle butter sauce that were foundational elegance della Cucina Italiana.  Bring sunglasses and enjoy the food. The hipsters will just think you're famous.  Reservations are best, or the host will ask you how fast you can mangia before he fills the table again.
Food: We ordered three starters (the octopus, the caprese and the zucchini) along with three entrees (the lasagna, the lamb and the ribeye steak).  Everything was delicious especially the lasagne.  For dessert we shared ice cream.

Drinks: We ordered one bottle of red wine.
 
Price: 105.25 GBP for three people.
 
Ambiance: The restaurant is very nice and wasn't very crowded.
 
Service: It was fine and our waitress was friendly.
 
Would I go back?  Yes, it's good food and convenient if you're staying in the hotel.
Fresh - seasonal - local - sustainable - homemade boasts the brand new Bia Bistrot menu. I mentioned in my review of George Hughes & Son Fish Emporium (note, not a fishmonger) how important I (and a lot of preachy TV chefs) feel using local, sustainable produce is so this is good to see.

The menu is fairly simple and I like this. Convoluted, overly long menus really put me off a place. Ranging from leek, red onion and blue cheese tartlet to beef rump with potatoes and pepper sauce Bia Bistrot has something to cater to everyone. Prices are fair. Not cheap, but fair. And the food is delicious. They also do a pre theatre menu for £9 (2 courses) or £10.50 (3 courses), which is pretty reasonable. 

It's also very tastefully decorated which makes for a nice atmosphere. Being off the main road means you don't get any of the Morningside through traffic noise either. A really promising place. Less sure about the spelling though.
It is always great to find a place that prides itself on using fresh, seasonal and local food... and Bia Bistrot certainly didn't disappoint. What made it even better for us was how wonderfully baby friendly the place was, completed with delightfully friendly staff.

 We were in for Mother's day lunch and the menu they had on was a delightful selection of dishes. 

Their starter of asparagus, poached egg and herb salad made my day as the asparagus was wonderfully sweet and the egg was poached to perfection. My husband's starter of mackerel (complete with perfectly crispy skin) and rhubarb was gone in a flash and our son was delighted with the piece he was given to nibble.

My main of free range chicken breast was cooked so well it was full of flavor and the meat was still tender and moist and was accompanied by a lovely little smoked chicken pasty and some very tasty braised leeks. My husband's main of slow roasted pork didn't disappoint either and had fantastic crackling and beautifully flavored meat. We also shared a side of garlic potatoes which i very highly recommend, as well as there homemade wheaten stout bread that we had as a nibble before out starters came... it really wet the pallet.

To finish off I had the gorgeous chocolate pot that came with a shot of hazelnut liquor and melt in the mouth shortbread, i couldn't have had a better end to my meal, while my husband enjoyed some wonderful Aged Mull Cheddar. 

Their menu is fairly priced, great fresh food at a great price. They offer an a' la carte menu as well as a set menu of 2 courses for £9 or 3 courses for £10.50, offered between 12pm - 2:30pm and 5pm - 6pm.There wine selection is good and they offer a great range of real ales, much to my husband's delight.

If you love local seasonal food then this is definitely a place that you need to try and we will certainly be frequenting there again.
A coworker took me out to Bia Bistrot for my birthday the other week (24 November, if you have your diaries out ...).  Neither of us had been since it changed from an Olive Branch, and that coupled with it's very convenient location, made it a must try.  They advertise a two course lunch or dinner for a very reasonable price.

I generally can't be bothered with two courses for lunch so was pleased when the waitress was happy to let us order single courses off the set menu.

My coworker decided to try the cumberland sausage with mash, and I went for a salad with poached egg and haggis.

I heard good things about the sausage and mash, but probably not as good as my salad.  I'd never thought of putting haggis on a salad before - I don't really know why, I'll put any other type of meat on a salad - but wow, this was fantastic.  The haggis was sliced, so it had a crispy outside but broke apart easily and went wonderfully witih the salad leaves.

I do love a good poached egg but I am very very very picky, and this one unfortunately was pretty underdone to my taste.  I have to have a liquid yolk but absolutely can't stand if the white is anything but completely cooked.  If I can do it at home, why is it so much of a stuggle to find that when I'm paying someone to cook the egg for me??

In any case, the food was in general quite nice, and the wine and service were excellent.  Two mains and two glasses of wine came to £22 - a wee bit more expensive than I would have expected for lunch, but overall very nice.  I would definitely come here again.
We went with just a little trepidation, as we used to love this place under its old ownership as the Olive Branch. But I need not have feared. On this occasion we went with a party of six, three adults and three children from infant to teen. And without exception we were delighted. Not pretentious, but neither was it dull. The important thing was that the ingredients are well sourced and excellent, and then compiled into well balanced and delightful combinations. The staff too were friendly and helpful without being either too attentive or too absent, as seems to happen too often. And the ambience is perfect, neither too noisy nor too quiet. It all just works as a well thought through and executed package. Congratulations to the owners. Go there, they deserve it. And so do you.
I went to Bia Bistrot as part of a work leaving do. I've always been tempted by it and had fancied trying it for awhile. The lunch and early evening (til 6pm) menu prices suit my student budget so it was always on the to-do list.
Despite being a large group and arriving later than planned, staff were great and still allowed us to order off the early menu. There are around 4 choices for each course and (I think) its around £11 for 3 courses, before 6pm.

Thinking we'd be on the cheap menu and the portions would be small was a mistake. Portions are a decent size and food is great. I had a terrine to start with and it came with gluten free bread (toasted) which was lovely as usually it is only higher-end restaurants that would offer this. Lovely gamey flavours, complemented by a (apple?) compote. My main was chicken and mash potatoes - winter is coming, I need comfort food and this is a good test of a restarant being able to cook a basic dish well. The chicken was cooked to perfection - lovely crispy skin with tender meat underneath and perfect mash, lovely and creamy with no lumps. I loved the gravy (ok for GF) with a hint of tarragon in it, just lovely comfort goodness. We shared sides of carrots and savoy cabbage which were good and I tried some very garlicky potatoes which were great (crispy on the outside, fluffy inside).

For pudding, I opted for the coffee chocolate pot. Again ok for GF (without shortbread) and my portion came in a large ramekin, so although I was special (no shortbread), I had infact been spoiled by a larger portion which was lovely and a nice touch. I noticed some colleagues didn't like the chocolate pot - I loved it as the coffee was strong enough to flavour but not overpower the chocolate but it is probably one of those deserts you would either love or hate.

Talking to colleagues, they were full of praise. Several had opted for the terrine and a fish pie for the main which was meant to be awesome. As it was a work do, I'm not sure if colleagues had ordered more expensive wine than I usually would or if this was the standard pricing (£23 per bottle) as this might make this a more expensive night out than planned, so 4 stars still I can confirm the booze prices...
I would go back to Bia Bistrot - great food and service and fab value if you eat early or at lunch.
I think Bia Bistrot will always hold a special spot because it was one of the first restaurants I visited in this city. I came across this place on a fluke with my uncle when I first arrived to Edinburgh back in November 2010.  It was pouring rain - in fact it mimicked a tropical rain shower except it was cold. We stood under a church canopy on the Holy Corner waiting for the rain to subside.  We quickly ran into Tesco to dry off but then realised we were hungry (and thirsty for something to take the edge off us being completely drenched!) Across the road we saw a packed bistro that looked very cosy. I recall there was only one table left and we quickly sat down. We both enjoyed a fantastic meal - I had venison which was cooked perfectly. It was such a memorable restaurant, that whenever my uncle visits me we make a point of coming here for dinner. The staff are very friendly and you can tell the chef takes real pride in the food. Bia Bistrot really lives up to being, "fresh, local, seasonal, sustainable, and homemade". They also have an excellent wine list. Further, for what they serve I think Bia Bistrot is very reasonably priced! I'll have to make a note to check this place out for lunch!
Hands down - this is my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh!
Really lovely little restaurant. 
Went last week for the pre-theatre menu (£11 for three courses...) on a recommendation. The decor is nice and laid back, all pretty things but very comfortable and unassuming.
The food was excellent, all of our dishes were delicious.
I'll have to make a return visit at some point, one of out fellow diners had the bone marrow, which unfortunately was not on the set menu, which definitely piqued my interest!
A group of us went for opening night at the Kitchen - and it's a keeper. Very impressed for the first day, and a suitable replacement (finally!) for Montmartre. Prices were fair; for drinks, wine, and a very filling dinner - we hit a bit over $40 per person. Lots of vegetarian options too.

Favorites:
 * Pound cake - top 5 desserts I've ever had
 * Cheese & veggie boards - the table wouldn't stop talking about how much we liked these; almost all of the choices were great.
 * Ricotta gnocchi - this blew our mind. It was almost like stuffed shells.
 * Brick chicken - oh wow, the crust on the chicken hit the spot

Needs work:
 * Cocktails - it's like they are trying too hard. We tried four, and only two were good.
 * White beans w/ Braised Rabbit - just kind of there
 * Panzanella - bread was too hard, not tons of flavor

They have a fairly good beer selection too. Try the golden monkey on tap. Yum.

I have to complement them on how polished the service was. I'm surprised how the decor really came together, especially after walking by yesterday and seeing a concrete floor in the second room.
Awesome. I couldn't be happier with the Underground Kitchen. I don't go to too many new restaurants, but as a former Madisonian, I had to come up for this one. 

Check this place out: it's now open in the old Cafe Montmartre and Sidecar location, but redesigned perfectly with an awesome Wisconsin cast iron decoration. The food is phenomenal. I recommend the veal tartare, the chicken, the tagliatelle, all of the desserts (especially the chocolate caramel torte)... everything really. Service is good, the proprietors/chefs are friendly, and the environment is homey and inviting.

Eat there now, and eat there often.
The space is very nice, brighter than Montmartre but still cozy and comfortable.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but it was a bit loud making it difficult to hear.

The "brick chicken" was very good (a tiny bit heavy on the salt) and served quickly.  Very satisfying.  We tried just one cocktail (#4) which was oddly neither here nor there. It was somehow both strong and bland.

The service was pleasant and friendly.  They did seem a little confused at the bar trying to figure out who ordered what.  You'll be happy to hear that the (male) bar staff all either have, or are actively working on achieving the de rigueur ole tyme facial hair (no tweed though).
Great decor: nice wood floors, sleek bar, tasteful lighting (with Mason jars repurposed as light fixtures), and a very cool art piece on the wall: cast iron pans formed into the Midwestern states.

I had the #11 cocktail, which wasn't on the menu. Gin with fennel, ginger, and lemon. It's reminiscent of a Dark & Stormy, but thankfully much less sweet. The ginger dominates, and it's delicious, but it would be nice if the other flavors could come through.

We ordered the $15 cheese platter as an appetizer. Four or five different cheeses (most or all were local), two different breads, as well as a quarter of a pomegranate (watch out for the spray when you pull out the seeds--it will stain clothes), three dried figs, a persimmon (I believe), and a chunk of honeycomb. Very nice platter!

The entrees we had were very good. Portions are small and beautifully presented. I had the duck pot pie, which was satisfyingly hearty and a good deal at $10, but my dining companion had the tagliatelle which seemed overpriced for a vegetarian pasta dish ($14, very small serving). 

No complaints about the service--our waitress was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and attentive.

One complaint: the entire dining area smelled strongly of cooking smoke, tinged with garlic and other good smells. After a few minutes it was too much, and upon leaving the restaurant our clothes reeked. Better kitchen ventilation is needed!

UPDATE: On a recent repeat visit, I had no complaints about smoke or smells.
I came solo on a brief visit to Madison over last weekend.  Arrived around 6 PM and decided to eat at the bar.  Service was great from the friendly female bartender/server.  My starter was the salmon tartar and after finishing it I wanted another--it was great. My entre was the veal dish served with pan-fried potatoes.  It called out for a nicely cooked egg served over the top to provide a nice sauce and a perfect compliment to the veal and potatoes. I had an excllent chocolate dish for dessert.  I loved the freshly baked breads and had one of the special cocktails which was very tasty.  
Overall it was a very good experience while still having some room to improve some of the dishes.  Also for winter they will need to add a second door or other way to keep the cold northern blasts out of the main dining room and bar.
Extremely disappointing, fails in execution and seasoning.

Duck Pot Pie: featured unevenly chopped vegetables of large and small chunks, resulting in uneven cooking. Nearly raw potatoes will ruin anything. Nearly raw unpeeled potatoes with rough skins, many eyes, and gray areas under the skin are doubly unappetizing. The filling languished in a thin broth and was indifferently seasoned. The biscuit on top was wonderful though. 

Meat Plate: venison sausage somehow managed to be tough and bone dry yet incredibly greasy. Too much fat in the head cheese, although the olive relish would have provided a nice counterpoint to a good head cheese. Mediocre terrine, on the sweet side.  

Spinach salad with caramelized apple and pickled onion, andouille and sherry vinaigrette: Very good flavor combination, brought low by rubbery sausage and spinach leaves that were approximately 5 square inches large. 

Decor: perhaps if the food was good I would stop complaining long enough to care.
Full disclosure, I've known Jonny and Ben Hunter since they were running the Catacombs Coffee House on the UW campus almost a decade ago. They are sincere guys with a real and historical commitment to Madison and local, quality food.

As for their latest venture, I couldn't have been more impressed. They completely stripped the space down to the studs and rebuilt it up. Great design and atmosphere. Perfect for a more formal evening while managing to feel inviting and comfortable for a more casual, neighborhood feel.

And while they've built their current reputation on their use of locally raised pork, their history is in vegetables. I'm a vegan, and they provided my wife and I with some of the most flavorful and interesting dishes I've had in a long time.

Make sure to include a cocktail with your meal. The drinks are fascinating and artisan level.

The prices were very reasonable. To me, it's a deal that two people can have a great meal in an inviting space just off the square for under $50.

My only complaint is that I'm not able to go more often. I wish this was in my neighborhood. And as a response to other reviewers who complained of poor service: relax. Take your time, what's the rush? They're all good people who are working hard to bring you good food. Settle down.

I'm excited to have the Kitchen in Madison.
Good food at an amazing price. That being said, they seem to be working out the kinks of a new restaurant, which makes it hard to give it a fourth star. The drinks and appetizers were excellent, but my entree was a real struggle to get through. It was a parsnip cream sauce over excellent fresh pasta, but the parsnip sauce was very bitter and bland. Salt was requested to take the edge off, which apparently is frowned upon since it took maybe 10 minutes for the waiter to bring me a shot glass with a few salt crystals. Food snobbery like this isn't that offensive to me, but when the restaurant doesn't yet have quality control in place to ensure they aren't serving old parsnips, which I am guessing is what happened to those of us unfortunate enough to order the pasta that night, it is really disappointing. All this aside, the space is great, and the quality of the rest of the dishes was enough to make me want to try again.
I think my expectations were too high.  I was thinking Nopa in SF (nopasf.com).  You can decide for yourself what I got below.

Some low points:
*The greeting.  I don't expect a happy cheerleader but I do expect eye contact and an attempt at a smile or welcoming nature.  I saw this lacking with folks who arrived after we did.
*Too experimental.  I was very excited when reviewing the menu.  The simple labels and titles are great.  But, upon arrival of the dishes, I was overwhelmed.  For a person who LOVES to experiment with new food and gives everything a try, this is a first. If you stumble upon this place while  looking for the Old Fashioned, keep looking.

High Points:
*Our waitress was great.  Efficient, friendly, knowledgeable.  Quite nice in Madison.
*The atmosphere is awesome.  Very good for both a small group or an intimate dinner.
*The cocktail was delicious.

I will give it another try as I want to check out the bar.  Hopefully that will raise the score.
Space:  They did a nice job updating the old space. The only weak spot with the space is the table layout. The seating is a little awkward and the back room can get loud and drafty, especially if people are leaving through the side-door.

Service:  Service was good. Server knew the menu pretty well, was friendly and quick. The staff forgot a salad we ordered but it was not an issue as they quickly removed it from our bill and offered to make it for us at no charge.

Food:  I was impressed with the menu. They had a variety of small plate items that all seemed interesting, good salad options and a handful of large plate items that seemed to be focused on specific items.

Highlights:
Pickle plate - this offered a nice variety and it was pretty cheap. The beats were the highlight.
Meatballs - three meatballs w/ some toasted bread. The meat was very flavorful and the sauce complimented it well.
Pork chop - great flavor and came w/ some really good macaroni and cheese. The greens it came with were kind of plain.

Value:  Overall price was reasonable and we left happy at under $100 for 2 people. That included 3 appetizers, 2 glasses of wine, 2 entrées and a dessert.
We had an excellent night at the Underground Kitchen. I loved the feel of the space, the drinks, and the food.

I was quite impressed by how they transformed the place from Cafe Montmatre. They've painted the brick white and used a light wood paneling for the bar and kitchen divider, and the look feels modern and rustic all at once. The lighting is perfect for a bar/restaurant. I would spend hours here with friends again easily.

The staff were knowledgeable and friendly. They were able to answer varied questions about the food and drinks, such as the farms where they sourced their meats, which items were vegetarian, etc - and were happy to answer our questions. 

We started out with a drink at the bar, since we had a 1/2 hour wait for our table. I had a delicious, not-too-sweet cocktail of fennel, lemon, and gin. It was one of the best mixed drinks I've had in Madison. The fennel was a unique addition. My husband had a drink made of rye, sarsparilla, and cherries that was also wonderful. I was impressed with the beer (a mix of local and non-local, from smaller-scale breweries only) and wine selection as well.

When we were seated, we had the vegetable board to start. It involved a celeriac remoulade, a carrot-cashew pate, a bean and sun-dried tomato salad, an almond-spinach pesto, and a sprouted bean salad, served with bread from Madison Sourdough. I was very happy with everything on this plate.
My husband raved about his duck, served almost pulled-style over polenta with a poached egg. I can't give an opinion on that one, as I am a vegetarian.
I shared two smaller plates with my husband. One was a finely sliced purple kale salad, just barely wilted, tossed with black walnuts and some kind of crumbled ricotta cheese. I loved the subtlety and freshness of the flavors in this dish. My other dish was a brussels sprout hash, made of expertly-pan-fried potatoes and minced brussels sprouts, topped with a poached egg. I'm generally a bit squeamish about egg whites that aren't solidly cooked, but the Kitchen managed to strike just the right cooking point where the egg was creamy without being slimy. 
We didn't have room for dessert, but the selections sounded amazing.

Overall, I'd say that the Underground Kitchen manages to be inventive by focusing on unique combinations of fresh, excellently prepared food, made out of few ingredients. It allows you to focus on very specific contrasts between the ingredients. The result is an offering of dishes that vary between hearty (without over-relying on deep frying or bacon-wrapping everything in sight) and lighter, brighter dishes. I think they pull the whole thing off very well, and will be returning whenever my budget can afford it!
I will definitely be back. The food was good. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad, either. I will also note that my party and I dined during their first week, so I'm sure kinks were (and still) being worked out.

Occupying a space that was formerly Cafe Montmartre, for those of us who remember, Underground Kitchen has done a *spectacular* job of renovating the space. The decor is very rustic/Scandinavian but still very much modern. It is truly one of the better restaurant interiors in Madison. 

We ordered a cheese plate, which was decent. The portions were scanty, though I shouldn't complain too much. I am a cheese glutton, and also, dare I say, somewhat of an expert. That said, the waitstaff didn't seem to have a clue what the cheeses were, or how to describe them, much less pronounce them. A very, very picky thing to point out, I know. After all, who goes to a restaurant just for the cheeseboard?  But still, this is Madison, Wisconsin, and I expect a little better from our restaurants that claim to be all about local items. 

I ordered a kamut salad just, plainly, fell short. The flavors were weak, unbalanced, and frankly out and out lacking. I was quite disappointed. I am a huge fan of kamut, and was excited to see a kitchen working with the weird grain, but I think this needs to go back to the drawing board.

By the time we arrived, they were out of the entree I ordered, which was disappointing. To be honest, I don't remember what it was. I won't fault Underground for being out of something, having worked in food myself, I know how it goes. I ended up with the rabbit and white beans, which was decent enough. I mean, I think it was trying to mimic Cassoulet, but just didn't really get there. Much like the kamut salad, it was unbalanced and lacking rounded flavors. 

I will reiterate that I was there the first week they were open, so I'm sure there's been improvement. One thing I will say however, and something I don't think will ever improve, are the proprietors. Frankly, I was turned off by their haughty behavior in the kitchen. I know of them from around town, and was turned off to see them taking pictures of themselves in the kitchen area, in a kind of self-congratulatory way. Yes, good job on the restaurant, I'm sure it will do well, and you've definitely got a good thing going, but please, spare us the spectacle. Also, I take some issue with the theme of "rustic, local fare". L'Etoile has been doing this successfully for years, and is not a new concept by any means.
Great wine and cocktail lists, and reasonably priced, too. The food was a little more problematic....I'd decided on a salad with lettuce, walnuts and ricotta (boring, I know), but for the evening, it morphed into kale-hazelnuts-ricotta and I don't care for the first two ingredients. I opted to get the vegetarian tray instead, and was most excited about the cashew/carrot slaw. That turned into a Jacobs cattle bean dish in its place....The brussels sprout hash, however, was scrumptious! Potatoes, chopped up sprouts and a fried egg on top, and perfect in its simplicity. 

I might come back in the future solely for drinks and hash. I still miss Cafe Montmartre....
I've been here once for drinks and once for dinner.  The cocktails are fantastic - great combos made from fresh ingredients.  They aren't cheap, but you get what you pay for.  

When we came for dinner at 7 on a Friday night, we waited at the bar for maybe 20 minutes.  I thought that was reasonable.  A lot of things on the menu looked good.  We started with a  cheese plate, then I had wheat berry salad and greens with a bacon dressing.  I had originally ordered a kale salad that they were out of.  Kind of annoying but I assume they are using just the fresh ingredients they can procure that day/week, so I'm ok with it.  I really enjoyed both of my selections.  We also had a great red wine.  

As far as negatives, they do need to do something about the entryway and the drafts.  Wisconsin winter are way too cold.  Also, it's not cheap, but I think the prices are fair.
If you are looking for heapin' plates of whatever, go to Old Country Buffet. There is a reason this place is associated with the Underground Food Collective. (http://undergroundfoodcollective.org/) 

We were old fans of the Cafe Montmartre, but this group has done a good job with the space, brightening up the interior, putting in a curtain to ward off drafts from outside (hey, it's Wisconsin, buck up, willya?) and keeping a small menu. 

My hub had the sausage and lentil dish, which he thought was excellent. I enjoyed my squash gallete a whole bunch. The microbrews, wines, and top notch cocktail mixes are there to enhance your experience. I thought it was all reasonably priced for those who want to really enjoy and appreciate their food.

And check out the kitchen...it's hoppin' and free entertainment. If you want to see how a place ticks, sit on the far left of the bar.
I loved the old Cafe Monmartre - and they've certainly paid homage to it by keeping the great vibe that Monmartre had!  The inside has an industrial farm chic feel, very cozy and cool at the same time.

The drinks are outstanding - I have had the 'daily punch' several times and at $5 a glass it's a great deal too!  

Great place to bring your foodie friends, come either early or late to avoid a wait.
I've had a chance to sample the fare from Underground Food Collective in a few different locations, and it doesn't disappoint. I finally had a chance to try the food at Underground Kitchen, and it is some of the best I've had in Madison. 

I recommend the vegetable board. My favorite dish on it was the shitake-parsnip paté!
food was fantastic! servers were wonderful! creative and well crafted menu items! Milwaukee Bike Polo club approved eatery!
I didn't actually get to eat here because of the hostess, but I felt compelled to review as her indifferent attitude definitely put a damper on my night.  

I showed up at 9pm, meeting some friends who were running late.  I informed the hostess that there would be 4 of us and she tells me "20-25 minutes."  Okay, no problem.  I'll stand at the awkward entry way and wait as my friends show up.  A couple who arrived at literally the same time as I did grabbed a couple of seats at the bar.  My friends show up a couple of minutes later and we wait 25 minutes.  During this time, the hostess is standing at the bar chatting with a waitress.  She never once talks to us or makes eye contact, or anything of the sort.  When 25 minutes have gone by, I try to get her attention about how much longer the wait will be and having failed, I resort to just going up to the bar and asking her.  She looks around and replies, "at least another 5 minutes. "  Well, thanks but that's really not helpful in the least.  "At least another 5 minutes" could mean anywhere between 5 minutes to more than an hour to who knows how long!  When I returned to my friends with this useless information, we decide to move on from this place and go elsewhere.  I went back to the bar to let the hostess know that we decided to leave instead of waiting, she cheerfully replies, "okay!"  I don't expect a super friendly hostess, but at least some display of empathy for the fact that we had waited half an hour already.  I just wanted her to say something like, "Yeah, I understand.  Sorry you waited all that time for nothing."   That would've made all the difference in the world.  Instead, she clearly didn't give two cents about us as patrons.  It certainly put enough of a damper on my night that I am not sure that I will try this place again to actually taste the food.
We went to UK for the first time for their "Fowl Dinner," a 7 course meal featuring different kinds of fowl served at communal tables of up to 8 people.  The event began with a cocktail, Death's Door, that was delicious.  From there it was a mixed bag with some courses, e.g., foie gras on crostini with p.b.& j. milk punch and a duck egg flan for dessert, that were tasty and inventive, and some, e.g., squab done in a barbeque style, that were very mediocre or worse.  Some courses were served on flat boards with mounded piles deemed sufficient to serve 8 with a spoon for serving.  It was sometimes difficult to get right-sized portions off the flat platter before passing it around the table.  All in all, at $50 dollars per person excluding tips and drinks (with the exception of the complimentary cocktail), the experience was definitely not worth it.  The noise level was dreadfully high and one felt drained over the 2 and 1/2 hour serving time.  We would not try this again!
AMAZING food and drinks and a really fun atmosphere! great service and reasonably priced!
I have mixed feelings about this place. The food and drinks are great, beautiful atmosphere...so-so service.

I've eaten here twice, and absolutely love the food. It's fresh, well-prepared and is very delicious. The drink menu is stellar! #11, #20, and #26 are my favorites!They offer really unique drinks (think carrot cocktails, lots of fennel and ginger, other interesting ingredients) at pretty reasonable prices. They offer really delicious nightly punches too for $5 a glass. Their dinner menu changes pretty frequently which is a great excuse to try something new. The salads are delicious, as are the cheeses (with the exception of the house-made ricotta...kind of bland..) and desserts. 

The only problem I have with the place is the service. The last time I went, our waitress took AGES to come around and take our orders, took 30 minutes to bring our drinks, another 20 to bring our appetizer...then had another waitress bring our entrees while we were eating our appetizer (not cool), messed up our second drink order, which we had to wait another 20 minutes for, and drove me nuts embellishing every word she said as if she were working in some famous French restaurant, moving in and out of an accent. It was just odd. I feel like the service is touch and go with this place, because the first time I ate their it was just fine. Who knows...

Great eats though!! :)
if you love meats, curated....come here. good wine, good sausages.
Cocktails: Given the fresh ingredients in creative combinations, $7.50 for a cocktail is an eye-popping bargain.
Food: My wife and I favor restaurants that provide dishes we can't cook at home. The Underground provides a unique culinary experience. The dishes are imaginative and feature some ingredients you just can't find in a store (just try buying ramps in a store). The restaurant seems to have smoothed over most of the  rough spots identified by earlier reviewers. I give The Underground Kitchen 4.5 stars.
Loved the decor and was really excited about the menu.

Tried the bread plate with marinated olives and garlic. It was great.

Also tried the asparagus panzanella salad. Was not impressed.

Had a gnocchi dish as a main course. Was really disappointed in the texture and flavor.
Underground kind of did it for me.

Housed in a gorgeous space (sit at the bar!) and serving delish, fresh food with a creative booze menu, Underground hit all the marks.  My mom (who has dined here many times), talks about this place nonstop, so dining here was a must when I was in  town. Pre-dinner drinks at Merchant's, then we hustled over to Underground and grabbed seats at the bar at 6pm, and by 6:30, the place was full (on a Saturday).

We started with a glass of wine and the meat board, which was large, in charge, and included pork rillets (to DIE for), lots of coppa (goat and pork), a pate, and a dry cured duck breast (gawd, the fat on this was amazingly good).  As an aside, the cheese plate is also quite generously sized...

Next we had the asparagus panzanella, which had camembert, lovage, garlic scapes I think, and these amazing croutons...yum. So fresh. I would have loved to try more things off the dinner menu (smoked whitefish, anyone?), but at this point we were surprisingly full. Always room for dessert though, right? Mmm, rosemary icecream with the daily punch -- something combining rose, cardamom and rhubarb syrup I think, well, I don't know what else but it was delicious and was garnished with two little violets. 

Service was great throughout the night, and I am smitten. The Collective itself does a lot of cool stuff too...beer dinners, whole hog butchering demos, etc. Come back to Chicago for another pig dinner, please!
Last night I ate at Underground Kitchen for the umpteenth time.  Each time is better than the time before.  The constant menu rotation is something rare in Madison and it's appealing. I adore the atmosphere at Underground Kitchen; it's an added bonus to know I'll be able to get a fresh food experience with every visit.  (unlike some of my other favorite hangout spots that haven't bothered to update their food menu in ages, I'm not compelled to go elsewhere for dinner after drinks) 

There are other bars in Madison with a similar vibe, but Underground has perfected it.  The decor is simply elegant without being fussy; I feel like I'm eating in the dining room of a modern farmhouse, replete with a fabulous farm-to-table menu.  The open air kitchen is a fun touch, and they remodeled a space that was formerly dimly lit and dingy, transforming it with bright wood, whitewashed brick walls, and fresh wildflowers everywhere one looks.  

The food and drinks are stellar.  I feel that the drink menu price point, while a little high, is worth every penny.  My short run cocktail last night was made with fresh strawberries, mint, soda, and rum, and it was fantastic.  The '#11' cocktail is my go-to-- an inspired blend of gin or vodka completed with fennel, lemon and ginger, freshly mixed for $7.50.  Last night I had the nightly small plate special: smoked sturgeon with mascarpone, spring peas, and pea shoots on rye crostini ($5) which tasted fantastic. (plus I appreciated its presentation- perched on a whimsical tiny silver tray.) My entree was cavatelli ($15), which our knowledgeable server told me was prepared with wild nettles and ricotta.  It was tossed with goat confit, roasted baby onions, wild mushrooms, housemade fromage blanc, asparagus and radish pesto.  I could have licked the bowl.  I sampled my boyfriend's wilted greens (rapini I believe) with duck egg and goat bacon- also delectable.  The food here raises the bar for every other restaurant in Madison, primarily due to the high quality local ingredients and nuanced elements like cheese made inhouse or meat cured by the owners themselves are just far and away beyond anything that could be prepared in a Sysco-heavy kitchen.

Perhaps it's because I'm somewhat of a regular here, but I'm a stickler for quality service, and Underground delivers.  My water glass is never empty yet I don't feel like the servers hover unnecessarily. The  waitstaff answers every question and isn't shy about making suggestions.  And checks are delivered promptly, even when the place is hopping.  

I can't recommend Underground highly enough; what a welcome addition to Madison's downtown dinner landscape.
Great food and a willingness too push the limit. Not everything works but they are hitting .800 in my book.
Awesome food and even better drinks!  The drinks were so unusual and worth the extra $$$!
Sadly, the building that housed the Underground Kitchen recently had a very bad fire.   They plan to reopen in a new location I heard but when that will be is undetermined.  
I wanted to post this in case people were looking to eat here soon.   I will update as news becomes available.
http://www.jsonline.mobi/newswatch/124801874.htm
CLOSED.

As a previous reviewer mentioned, UK's dining room is closed. They do, however, still operate their WONDERFUL catering business (out of another location) and participate in pop-ups, butchering demos, and other good things. Follow them on FB and Twitter! 

https://www.facebook.com/#!/undergroundfoodcollective

Underground catered my mother's wedding this July, and it was fantastic. Her guests continue to talk about the food to this day:)
Go there.....go there now!!!! Why are you still sitting here reading this go to the Honours NOOOOWWW!!!

Ok so ive calmed down now but jeez this is one of the finest places to open in Edinburgh in a long time!

Delighted to see Martin Wishwart going back to his classic French training and creating a menu with the superb Paul Tamburinni. Its fun its innovative there is increcible choise its just awesome!!

20 different starters!! Count them...20!!! Normally this would terrify me but you look through it and can get how they manage it, a lot of terrines and preserves as well things which are taken from supplier to plate!!

And wait for it they have oysters!!! Not just any oysters though oh no these are Fal Estuary oysters and are awesome!!

The menu as I say is well designed, pasta/seafood/meat options + a full range of grill options!

The really fun aprt comes at desert, you start with 3 french classics that you would expect tarte tatin, creme brulee and chcoalte delice! But then holly mother of mary of awesomeness they have a Sundaes menu!! 4 awesome sounding deserts including black forrest and pina colada all amde with homemade icecream!!!

If Carlsberg made restaurants it wouldnt be as a good as this!!
I've had two great meals here.  The first was just amazing - some nice wine, a good steak, béarnaise sauce, and chips. Oh, and apple tart tatin. It was a superb meal!

The second time I shared the côte de boeuf.  The potatoes that accompanied it were truly magnificent - but the meat itself was a little tough and, truth be told, not that tasty.  This was disappointing, but rescued somewhat by an amazing crème brûlée (with prunes and armagnac discretely placed on top).   

I think they're still going through some teething problems in terms of staff - but that's to be expected in a new restaurant I guess.  If it wasn't for the somewhat disappointing second meal, this place would have had 5 stars from me.  I'll definitely be returning (multiple times).
Super stylish, nice service, but rather underwhelming menu and dishes. We summed it up: "there's little doubt that for the next few months The Honours will be the place to take people you're seeking to impress. People will be impressed, as there's a lot to admire in the design and the service. However, if you're looking for somewhere that's going to offer you genuinely memorable dishes, we're not sure this is the place."
As you'd expect from Martin Wishart of the Michelin star, the cuisine is of a very high standard. I went for the pre-theatre price fix which was probably one of the best value dinners you will get in Edinburgh. £19.50 for three excellent courses.

I had smoked mackerel parfait - a light savoury delight, mussels -a very healthy sized portion with some very healthy sized shellfich and creme brulee that was both delicious and very enjoyable like breaking frozen puddles.

My boyfriend had beef , which was very good, but they should really provide sharper knives. That is my very minor and only complaint. 

The decor was tasteful and modern, quite low lighting creating a nice ambiance. Overall a really perfect dining experience and at a very good price. 

TIIP: They do the same three course deal at lunchtime and its only £17.50.
special occasions call for special places to celebrate and The Honours fits the bill perfectly.  following the boyfriend' new qualifiers ceremony me, the boyfriend, and his parents headed here for a leisurely afternoon lunch.  i'd been once before about a year and a half ago (the days before i knew of yelp!) so was hoping my second visit lived up to my first.

on arrival we were warmly welcomed by the hostess who very kindly took our soggy coats and wet umbrellas to place in the cupboard while we were shown to our table in the main dining area.  i quite like the look and feel of this restaurant as it's done in muted browns and tans so it's nice and calming for a relaxing meal.  there is also an open kitchen so depending on where you're sat you can watch as your meal is prepared which is a nice touch.

the menu is well put together with a nice selection of starters and mains but clearly the main highlight is their grill items mostly notably their selection of steaks.  after some debate we all decided on what to order and i went with the crab cappachino soup to start and sirlion steak for the main.  i'd had the soup before so was eager to try it again and i can confirm it was just as delicious the second time as the first.  a delicate broth is adorned with a foam made from the soup, crab meat in the bottom, and little parmesan crisps placed on top.  a really lovely way to start the meal.  i also got a bite of my boyfriends saffron and broad bean risotto which was so delicious i had a bit of food envy!

luckily no food envy for the main course as my sirlion steak was just magnificent!  i thought it was a bit confident of the restaurant to not give us steak knives for our meal but they were definitely not needed!  the steak as perfectly cooked at medium rare and soooooo tender!  it was topped with a madiera glaze and also a side of bearnise sauce as well.  the boyfriend and i shared a side of creamed spinach and potatoes boulangere which were both really tasty and went well with the steak.  

as good as the steak was though i have to say that the main highlight was dessert!  i had the souffle of the day which in this case was rasberry with a side of homemade chocolate ice cream.  the souffle arrived towering above the ramekin it was being served in and was light and airy and just heavenly!  even though i was full i managed to eat it all as it was just so so so good!!

in addition to the food, the staff are absolutely lovely and so professional.  at one point my boyfriend's father accidently knocked his knife to the floor and in an instance a waiter was picking up the knife and replacing it as well.  some very impressive service indeed!

so The Honours is definitely a five star restaurant for me!  looking forward to another special occasion to go back and dine :)
I love Martin Wishart's Restaurant in Leith, like really love it. I was super excited when he decided to venture into Brasserie style food. Now this could be because I had built it up to such epic proportions before dining here but I can't rate it anywhere near as highly as I could his other restaurant in Leith. 

The service I have to say was impeccable. To be honest I imagine Mr Wishart wouldn't expect any less. However the food left a bit to be desired. It was a special occasion so we went the whole hog with the three courses. Crab Cappuccino to start, Chateau Briand for main with duck fat chips, onion rings and a Béarnaise sauce and for dessert The Honours Sundae. So lets start from the top, the crab cappuccino was sufficiently tasty although a little on the large side, especially considering what we were following it up with. The Chateau Briand I have to say I was disappointed with. As a Brasserie I imagine the steaks you serve should be your showcase. Unfortunately, whilst cooked to perfection the steak was quite chewy in places. The duck fat chips were, I'm sorry to say quite tasteless :( and the onion rings greasy. The Béarnaise was a delicious accompaniment. Now the dessert....so standard it was unreal. I expected something even remotely special in there not, what tasted to me like, Cadbury's Crunchie pieces!

The Jury is out on this place which is a shame as I imagine it could be spectacular. Maybe a little more refinement on the individual elements would do the trick as it isn't the cheapest brasserie in town and the others for example Kyloe and Hadrian's spring to mind are doing it just that bit better.
A gem! This is the best value for money experience I have ever had. The atmosphere is chic, the food is Michelin-standard and the service is very attentive with extremely helpful advice on food and wine. We paid about 40 pounds per person for a starter, main, a bottle of good wine and a dessert to share, which I would say is an extremely good price for its standard. 

If I were to say one disadvantage, that would be it is slightly noisier than I would like. However, it being a brasserie this is within the package.  

It is much better than restaurants within more or less the same category, such as Hadrian's, St Honore, Escargot Bleue, Maison Bleue and La Garrigue.

Very highly recommended!
I took my boyfriend here for a birthday treat last summer, booked online with a request to put a candle on whatever desert he ordered. He thoroughly enjoyed the food (we both had steaks). It is quite noisy, but that's expected in a brasserie. The food was so good, you can tell it's a Martin Wishart restaurant. Even though we only had steak, chips & greens, I could not fault the food. Also my boyfriend asked for sorbet by itself for desert which wasn't a problem (it wasn't on the menu) - it came with a candle as requested! The wine list was good too, think I tried two different reds (they had a nice selection of wines by the glass), the sommelier recommended a few wines too. 

I love this place and will visit again with a larger group of friends (I can't remember much else but I know the food was lovely)
I had an amazing dinner at The Honours, probably one of the better meals I've had in Edinburgh!

We were greeted warmly on arrival and told to take a seat in the 'sofa area' to wait for our table to be ready. Ordered cocktails and the waitress came with menus and told us the daily specials.

After a while we were taken our table and soon ordered food. The waiter brought some warm bread and butter which was tasty.

I must say the Grill section of the menu at Honours is very appealing, especially for steak lovers - with 28-36 aged beef on offer, rare breeds etc. However, I had my eyes on the 'presa steak of iberico pork' (pork shoulder steak) which I knew I had to try.  I'm glad I did, as it was delicious. It was perfectly chargrilled and very tender. The pork was served with a red wine sauce. Though the pork was very tender, I would still preferred to have had a steak knife with it. I ordered some green beans as a side and they were just right - buttery and crunchy but not underdone.

For dessert I ordered a vanilla creme brulee, as it's one of my favourite desserts. The waitress then came to advise that they actually only have a cocoa or jasmine creme brulee on offer, so I chose the jasmine one. It was a large dessert - a big round dish of perfection, the top caramelized beautifully. It was delicious, but I couldn't taste any jasmine. 

The Honours is a wonderful restaurant for a special occasion. The staff are so welcoming and professional and the atmosphere is not too formal, which I liked.
3 words to describe my experience in The Honours from Michelin Star Chef Martin Wishart.
* Awesome * 
* Fantastic * 
* Amazing * 

In a few more words I can explain that this visit is in the top of my best meals in Scotland list.  I have been to quite a few restaurants and I have experienced service and produce. 
The Honours scores 5/5 on both accounts. 
Yes it is a Brasserie, but don't let that fool you as the food on offer puts many a restaurant to shame! 

Bookings are preferably done by  phone or on-line reservation. They allocate a 2 hour slot - We had 17:30 to 19:30.
On arrival we were invited to sit in the lounge and have a drink - we each took a  Bloody Mary.

The tables are simply and elegantly dressed, linen napkins, cutlery, wine glasses - noticeably no salt and pepper. 
Menu prices are reassuringly set in the upper regions of the spending scale, but reasonably so.  

I started with a Rillet of Pork & Duck - this was supplied with a Parmesan Crisp. I was delicate, tasty and just what I expected. 

For main I decided on the Glenarm Estate Shorthorn Rib-eye Steak - served with a red wine jus. Thin fries and buttery green beans to share. 
Anita A. took the Presa Steak (fillet) of Iberico pork. 
Both pork and beef were prepared on a Josper Grill - of which quite a few restaurants we visited lay claim to - but this was the first restaurant that actually made it taste properly. Smokey, charcoal flavour throughout - just wonderfully cooked! No salt or pepper required.

We each took a glass of Pinot Noir to accompany the meal, which was a good choice. - They have about 12 wines by the glass - this Pinot Noir was the top range choice, but well worth it. 

As a dessert I took a Banana & Mango cocoa dusted Souffle with a Mango Sorbet side. Perfect! Well risen, good texture, light an airy and that little pure chocolate on the bottom of the dish made it quite special. Well done! 

I finished this wonderful experience with a Gaelic Coffee.

(As a side note. The music was not loud, more background. It was a nice mixture of up to date songs - they even played 'Happy' from Pharrell :D  )
This place is amazing. If you really like good food...if you really like eating somewhere where there is a solid appropriate wine list....GO HERE. EAT HERE! ENJOY HERE.We like good food...we had the special steak, and duck fat fries (omigawd!) ...but the seasoning, the sides, the care by the wait staff..made it an evening you want to share with every one...yes, its a bit noisy...but only at the bar....not in the dining room...it was intimate...multi guest friendly...make a reservation and enjoy the food..really enjoy the amazing the food. Make this one of your stops in Edinburg....please...
Went here for restaurant week. Right away the host was very welcoming and talkative. The bartender was helpful in picking a drink. The food was so good. Loved the olive oil cake and the  spread that came with the bread. At the end the chef even came out to talk with us about the food and the hotel. Never again I'm I going to think that eating at a hotel restaurant is weird.
This place has great ambiance. If you are looking for a date place, check out the interior of the Wise.  It is well lit but cozy.  This is a restaurant in a hotel but no need to be a guest at the hotel to try out this place.  The outdoor patio of the wise is covered from the fun and makes a nice time for a Badgers game.  On a regular day, I would not recommend it because the noise from the street is annoying while you eat.  

The food is great.  I have only tried a few things on the menu but I appreciate their take on food.  I like to have a cocktail and a few small appetizers when I am there.  The Wise  can be an early cocktail place, a late cocktail place or a dinner place.  

The service staff is great and very friendly.
My husband and I had gone here during a food tour last fall. We were intrigued enough that when a coupon came up we decided it was worthwhile to try again. And, boy, are we glad that we did!
First, if you are eating at the Wise, you are able to park at the HotelRed. This came in handy with all of the snow everyone and the cold making it so we didn't want to walk to fair.
We started with some tea and coffee because, even though it was lunch, it was our first meal of the day and we both wanted to wake up and warm up a bit. My husband actually was really surprised at the Alterra coffee and that it was great.
We started with the crab cake starter. There was a bit of lemon that gave it such a nice brightness and there was lot of crab in the three crab cakes. Perfect for a sharable lunch appetizer.
The executive chef actually came out to clear plates and see how things were going. When we mentioned the lemon to him, he perked up and really seemed to enjoy the feedback. He asked if they were good enough for us to come back for and we agreed they were.
I had the grilled cheese which was grilled cheese with bacon and apple jam on some delicious, crunchy, Madison Sourdough. How could you go wrong? The flavors were all so perfectly balanced and I was actually able to taste each of the ingredients. They played well together. For a side, I got the fries and smoked paprika aioli sauce. They were absolutely fine and the sauce was tasty.
My husband had the Hereford beef burger with bacon and chevre. He actually thought the greens on top added a brightness to the salad-something he never thinks! He thought the tanginess of the chevre worked perfectly with the beef. He also got the fries, but opted for the wasabi aioli. It wasn't as spicy as we expected.
Also, since we had the discount, we opted for a couple of cocktails to warm us up. I had the infraRED which was a raspberry vodka martini and my husband had a Moscow mule. We both liked our drinks. They were well prepared, but nothing too fair out of the ordinary.
The prices were great and we'd definitely go back even without discounts. The appetizers were about $10. Each of the mains was $10-$12. The fries and dip were an extra $1.50. Maybe just one of us would order them next time and share. However, I can definitely say there will be a next time!
I ate here for the first time yesterday (been there for drinks before though). I was pleasantly surprised. The options were somewhat limited but each item we tried had a unique spin on traditional food. I think it is somewhat expensive for the portion size, but I suppose that is expected for hotel dining. They also use high quality and local ingredients. 

Also, the drinks I saw them make were precisely measured and looked WEAK... no Plaza Tavern pours here! 

We used the yelp offer which made it much more reasonable. I would go back if I had another special offer, but not for cocktails.
We stayed at HotelRed this weekend and received 2 complimentary cocktails with our room (Travel Zoo deal). My husband got a beer and I had one of the best Manhattans I've had (stirred!).  They have a limited selection of whiskeys and tap beers but the ones they have are all good.
Had lunch there today - it was delicious. The spinach, arugula, and goat cheese salad was a little light on arugula and a little heavy on candied walnuts - but really good - almost a dessert. The fries were salt and peppered to perfection. The grilled cheese was probably the best I've ever had. Decadent. 
A-frame Amber on tap is great. I'd like to see a few more micro taps - everything else was pretty typical: spotted cow, hopalicious, and some others. My wife had the pulled pork and gave it a thumbs-down - she said it might be a style thing though - she was expecting bbq'ed pork...
A bit pricey at $40 + tip for lunch for 2, but impressively good. I'll be back.
My boyfriend and I went here on a Wednesday evening and used a coupon.

The prices were very high and the food was very mediocre at best.

We ordered what looked like two very promising salads ($12.00 each), and were quite disapponted with the quality and overall taste of them.  They both advertised including goat cheese or chevre, but the amount on the salad was almost non-existent.  The beat salad boasted roasted beets, but they were served boiled.  The salads in general were small, given the price.  Presentation was perfect, but taste fell very flat. They were both over-dressed, and just seemed to be missing something, or were simply off the mark.  The spinach and arugula were old, not fresh (had to pick out some brown and rotting pieces), and in general, the salad seemed sad and not at all lively.

We also ordered the beef shoulder with horseradish sauce, onion marmalade and potoato ($17.00).  This dish was nicely presented, and while advertised as a small plate, was fairly generous.  It tasted good and seemed to be of nice quality.  This dish brought my rating from a one star up to two stars.

I was very disappointed with the salads especially, and would not go back.  The pricing of the food did not justify the quality and quantity.  However, I will give an A+ for food presentation!  

To their great credit, The Wise also uses local and sustainable food from Jones Dairy Farm, RP Pasta, Stella's of Madison, Garden to be, Parisi family farms & Madison Sourdough.

Atmosphere is loud and not at all intimate.
Good service, food was okay. It's sort of a tapas-style place, with slightly bigger portions. I'd note the beer selection is good, however.
I chose this location for a dinner with very important clients from out of town.  They had a private room, which allowed for a quiet space for conversation, for a reasonable fee. The set-up was gorgeous (modern design) and group-friendly (size about 14). The server was fantastic- super polite, present without creating a uncomfortable, hovering presence, and knowledgeable about the menu and wine.  One of the best serving experiences I've ever had. He checked in with me at regular intervals to make sure we had anything we needed- including the transition from our cocktail hour to dinner.  Food was delicious, and reasonably price. Wine selection was more interesting than many other restaurants in Madison, while also keeping to a reasonable price point (by the bottle). They do have a limited number of entrees available for each entree, so unless you order in advance, some people may need to change their menu picks for dinner. For me, for this dinner, it wasn't a critical issue, especially since they advised me of this in advance. 
Overall, wonderful. I plan to use them for business dinners in the future-- and return for personal occasions as well.
I could write an ode to the cocktail menu at the Wise.

All of their drinks are very creative & every single one I've tried has been amazing! Go soon & try the Cool Mule off of their summer menu (or the original Moscow Mule if you're not into cucumber in your drinks). They have amazing flavor!

Also, the frittes are hard to beat. Our favorite dipping sauce is the basil mayo.

They have happy hour on week days with some decent drink & appetizer specials. HIGHLY recommended!
Cool  atmosphere happy hour not bad.. Fish tacos are pretty Delish will come back again. Close to stadium which is nice for game day
Whelp.

That didn't go well. 

I've been to the Wise several times before and I know folks will give me a hard time for not writing about the more positive experiences I've had there. But in truth, the service, cocktails and food have never really blown me away, and now tonight (after probably the worst experience I've had there) I feel like it's time I come clean Madison.
 
I've never understood the greeting/seating situation. I understand it's a hotel lobby restaurant, informal in nature, but we stood for about 5 minutes tonight watching staffers pass us by before a bartender finally greeted us and told us to take a seat anywhere. In my opinion 5 minutes is 5 minutes too long to wait to acknowledge people who are about to spend money at your establishment. 

It got worse. 

Apparently they ran out of grapefruit juice and instead of asking the person I was dining with whether or not he wanted something else to drink as they couldn't make the cocktail he requested, they simply substituted cranberry juice. I don't feel like I need to expand but DO feel like anytime I run out of anything while cooking or preparing a libation, I will forever just add cranberry juice. 

The red spread which I've had multiple times lacked flavor. Like... any flavor. It tasted like cold red paste. Not salty paste that you ate when you were a kid. Flavorless paste. 

The meatloaf slider was ok, probably the highlight of our night, but the evening was so dismal that this highlight was more of a fading flicker. 

The "popped ravioli" is where we lost it and felt cheated out of any sort of decent experience, cheated out of $14. I didn't really understand the dish as written on the menu. What arrived was a weird cross between a lasagna noodle and papardelle. Apparently "popped" ravioli means ravioli that hasn't been cut, squared, filled, folded... anything really. It's pasta with the insides that act more like a sauce than a filling. This dish would be better called "lazy man's ravioli," or just "pasta and sauce" than popped ravioli which sounds mildly interesting. Do I sound crabby? I am. Am I being fair? I am. Because this like the red spread lacked any sort of flavor. The dish was supposed to have fire roasted eggplant and garlic and I only know that because I just looked at the menu online. You'd have no idea otherwise. The pasta dough needs to be rolled out flatter before it's cut, the noodles need more salt in the water, the sauce slash filling slash stuff that popped out needs anything... like vegetables, spice, cream, chicken broth... something, and the entire dish needs an anchor. It was disappointing and insanely priced given the fact that it doesn't have a protein.  

The most redeeming part of the evening was our server who admittedly wasn't great at his job, but he was trying. More than I can say about the rest of the experience.
We had a group of 12 (split between 2 adjacent tables)  that dined here on New Year's Eve.  They have a sleek, modern ambiance and the chairs are really comfy, though they don't look like they would be at all. They had a special 3 course menu at $42.00 a person for the occasion that did not include tax or gratuity.  We each got to choose an appetizer, entre, and desert.  I ordered the butternut squash and parsnip puree soup (exactly what I expected), pheasant with fig and pear glaze and cabbage and apple slaw (amazing) and truffle torte (SUPER rich, but tasty).  My husband had the crab cakes (enough good things can't be said about these.  Holy cow -- the greatest I've had in the Midwest), milk stout braised beef short ribs (my husband liked these but I don't eat red meat so I didn't sample), and the evoo cake (really good and light).  Our server was great and very patient with people coming to our table mid-meal for a drink and then taking off to head downtown for a bit.  We received complimentary champagne during our meal and had a few mixed drinks that were pretty good!  We had a really great dining experience here.  My only complaint:  the gratuity that was not included turned out to be a mandatory 21%.  I've never seen included gratuity that high.  Our waitress was great and she earned it, but I think charging over 20% is a bit tacky.
Not too impressed.  Had the beef toreadors. One good the other very chewy, not as tasty.  Serving size small for cost.  While the hotel furniture was interesting, it was not very comfortable... tables too high, seats too low.  Disappointed.
Dear Hotel Red guests,

Welcome to Madison! We're glad to have you here. We entreat you to visit and enjoy our vast multitude of bars and restaurants, where you can usually find local brews, meats, and cheeses. Really, go anywhere. Anywhere other than The Wise.

If you must go there, do not order the "popped ravioli". I'm almost positive it's actually just lasagna noodles stirred in Chef Boyardi sauce. And don't order the bland red spread. And don't get a drink off the cocktail menu without first making sure they actually have all the ingredients to make it.

Enjoy your stay! I hear the hotel is really nice.

Sincerely,
Adam
I'm staying at  the HotelRED, which is nice, but the restaurant is absolutely amazing. The food is fresh, fabulous, and always seems to be accompanied by something "house crafted" which makes everything that much better. 

For example, breakfast was savory with a pulled pork omelet and came with real sourdough bread and my choice of house crafted jams... remarkable. Service also adds ti the the delight and surprise of The Wise.

Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
I've stopped in a few times for drinks (but never dinner).  If in the area, it works.  Bartenders are attentive and there are a few different areas to sit once drinks are in hand.  It wouldn't be a destination location however as I don't really think it has a particular identity.
The place is beautifull inside and have a warm feeling to it. The patio had an intimate ambiance. I sat at the bar and had some of the shared plates like steak tartar and arugula salad. Portion size was small so definitely you have to order couple plates. When ordering from the menu make sure you ask what comes in it so you won't be surprise because items change more often. 
Well done overall and staff were very friendly and helpful.
Very cool ambience.  Reminded me of House of Tricks.  Food was delicious.  Best things we had were crab legs, lobster fried rice, and butterscotch pudding.  Great cocktails as well.
Brand new. Stumbled into it Excellent execution on all plates. Roasted halibut, roasted broccoli soup, nice choices for charcuterie plate and interesting texture for shrimp and grits. Highly recommended.
This place has a very cool vibe to it.  We decided to sit outside but the inside is darling.  The bar is also nice front and center as you walk in the door.  Waitress was ok.  She sort of disappeared right before we were ready to order.  Other then that the service was decent.  We started with a melted cheese similar to Brie it was good but the portion was very small.  We also shared a small roasted peach salad with arugula which was fine.  Two of the diners had the Halibut.  Again very good mix of flavors but very small portions.  The other diner had the lamb bolognese.  Another small portion.  We had two deserts a chocolate cake and a butterscotch pudding.  Hadn't had butterscotch pudding in years and it was good and rich like it should be.  I was with all women and I barely felt full when I left.  I think my husband would have left hungry had he been there.  I would be willing to give this another try for sure.  On a side note, I always leave Zinc Bistro hungry too.
This place is terrific. Same owners as The Mission and Zinc Bistro, so of course you will find terrific ambiance, great and friendly service, and top-notch food, drinks, and wines. You will also likely be greeted by one of the owners personally at some point, and treated like an honored guest. Meanwhile, the hostesses and wait staff will take great care of you.

As for The House itself, it has a story and a life of its own: it is one of the oldest houses in Scottsdale, and the large pine tree that shades the side dining patio was a Christmas tree planted by a little girl who lived there in like 1940. The integrity and charm of all this  rich history has been thoughtfully retained -- elevated, even -- while the parlor and dining room inside have been artfully transformed into a Parisienne-type setting, like Les Deux Magots, or some other place Hemingway would have hung out in the 1920s.

It's like a fine Paris brasserie, without any of the snoot, built on a foundation of Scottsdale history and hospitality. Highly recommended!! 

In a town with a lot of top-notch options, this will surely be one of my regular stops!!
Had dinner here last night (3 small plates & a salad). I had the duck meatballs, the ham hock dish, brisket biscuit, and butter lettuce salad. It was a great building and the ambiance was really nice. I found all the dishes, except the ham hock dish, to be very under-seasoned. I don't think there was any salt in or on my food. The salad was nothing remarkable - I got excited when I thought there was bacon on it, but later found it was dried beet. While I can see myself returning here for drinks, I doubt that I will go back for a meal (unless I am trying to impress someone with how much I can spend on a meal). On a positive note, the service was pretty good. 

As I was sitting there trying to read the menu, I was surprised that anyone ordered anything at night on the patio. There are next-to no lights outside. I had to use my iPhone to get enough light to read the menu. I even saw waiters using flash lights to show people the items on the menu.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for bringing such a charming restaurant to Old Town! I am giving The House a solid five stars and it's because they have the perfect ambiance and delicious food to accompany it. The ambiance is what really sets this restaurant apart from any other restaurant in Old Town. 

When I go out out to eat, I like to experience the complete package: experience + delicious cuisine. Many times, restaurants focus so much on their culinary creations that they forget about working on the environment. This is not the case for The House. The House is 'housed' within the second oldest house in Scottsdale. During my visit, I learned about the delightful woman who grew up in the house and how she loved her rose bushes. She was a member of one of the first families in Scottsdale and during one of the wars, she would deliver fallen soldier notices and then lend a helping hand to the families while they went through their time of loss. The history alone of this house defines the charm.

Hidden in a quiet street that's often missed (luckily) by the bar/club scene, The House is like a place you wish you could call home. Twinkle lights light up the spacious patio and large and luscious trees surround the perimeter. The interior of the house is just as charming as the exterior. At night, the intimate indoor glows with romantic candlelight while the warmth from the wood fired oven heats up the environment. It's the perfect environment for a date night or if you're looking for a nice setting for out of town guests, etc. 

Now that I've gushed about the environment, I will move on to the food. The food here is nothing less than spectacular, but I am not surprised because this is Matt Carter's brain child and he also runs The Mission down the street. I came here with a group of 15 and they did an excellent job serving us a variety of delicious food. The menu allowed us to sample the following:

Wood Grilled Crab Legs with Aji Amarillo Lime Butter - this is buttery goodness at it's best. The crab is fresh, completely buttered and delicious. 

House Brisket & Biscuit - this is a nice option for a hearty appetizer. The brisket is tender and well seasoned. 

Peel and Eat Shrimp - spicy alert! This dish as a serious kick and if you can handle the spice, this is definitely worth ordering. 

Kale Sale with Miso Peppercorn Dressing - I'm not a huge fan of kale, but I will say that for kale, they did a good job flavoring it and making it eatable for even the non-kale eaters. 

Italian Farro Salad 
Duck Confit Meatballs - I had no idea I was eating duck! However, it's tasty and just the right size to pop in your mouth. 

Berkshire Pork Country Ribs - the meat falls off the bones out of tenderness and it's seasoned with a spice that has a kick. 

Chateau Briand, Marinated Jidori Chicken, Lobster Friend Rice , Broccoli Carbonarra -- all these dishes were good. None of them stood out in my mind, but they were still incredibly tasty. 

Caramel Apple Upside Down Cake & Crumb Cake & Sacher Torte - pure sugary bliss!! 

I've already written a lengthy review, but before I say goodbye, I will also mention their hand crafted cocktails. They are superb! The drinks are made with freshly squeezed fruit, etc. They are a must if you enjoy craft cocktails!
House Brasserie, you're such a flirt. You weren't even modest about it, you flaunted that sensuality before I reached for the door, tarted up in your tinkling necklace of lights and gown of vine. I have to admit, I was smitten. For a dame of such established pedigree (I hear you're the second eldest home in all of Scottsdale), you're Rita Hayworth, Katharine Hepburn and Grace Kelly wrapped in kale and orecchiette: divine.

You titillated me with your silken, endlessly long crab legs, lime buttered above the heel. I wanted to peel and eat your spicy shrimp, but that would've been a little too adventurous for a first date, so I... chowed down. Immediately I cooled my fiery palate with your amazing kale salad, something we both agreed was both delectable and smart from a dietary perspective. But oh, how our sensibilities were fast to wane as you prepared cocktail after fabulous cocktail...

Your Chateau Briand, oh my! Delectable. Lobster Friend Rice: it's an Asian fusion love affair! Broccoli Carbonarra: you have me at your doorstep. Marinated Jidori Chicken: I'm swimming in your silk sheets. So get it over with already, Brasserie. Take me.

You did. I feel like such a floozy. Your crumb cake and sacher torte made me your slave. I'm done. I don't want to talk about it anymore. I feel used.

And I WANT MORE.

Don't get me started on your wallpaper...
High five Matt Carter - LOVE The House! Everything we ordered was fantastic, our service was great, and the ambiance was just perfect. Will be our new favorite place to sit outside on the patio at all winter long!
My friends and I were visiting in Scottsdale  for a bachelorette party.  (we should have gone to vegas instead lol)  We decided to come here the first night and i have to say i was not impressed.  We were told this was the best restaurant in the city but i surely did not think so and neither did half my freinds.  Our waiter was very nice and the outside seating was nice.  We were able to get a large table under the tent closest to the road so it felt a little more secluded.  I ordered the crab leg appetizer and found that it was very over cooked and rubbery and tasted as if they were cooking it with kerosine.  Then i ordered the halibut and the only thing i really enjoyed becasue my fish was over cooked was the mashed potatoes it sat on.  Their mixed specialty drinks were horrible.  Stick with wine cuz they cant screw that up at least lol.  All in all i would not recommend this place to anyone.  They do not do well with larger partys since half our table got our food and the other half waited 20 minutes before theirs arrived.  So we were sitting there with our food getting cold waiting for the rest of the people to be served.  Also i am not sure what is with Arizona water but UGH gross.  Stick with bottled and sparkling water.  All in all i would say the best part of Scottsdale was the weather and coming home lol.  Very over rated!
I've sat on this review for days thinking of what I wanted to say. And not because I don't have much to share but rather, too much! This restaurant is brand new and unlike most experiences at places that have only been open a day or two, everything was absolutely picture perfect. Even for our large group of about 12 people! Seriously, not a single glitch. 

I heard that building this restaurant took two years and it's no surprise they executed everything so well because the details here are so well thought out. From the precious, romantic location, the sturdy, handsome furniture and the spectacular outdoor dining area. Built around (and in) a house, this restaurant has the makings of getting national attention for its beauty and most importantly, the food and drinks.

Sitting down at two large tables under romantic canopies adorned with strung up white lights, I knew we were in for a treat. Because we tried a number of items in our group, it's tough to compare or even mention each thing I ate. Some honorable mentions were the peel and eat shrimp with a Oaxacan chili paste, Maine Lobster fried rice, the kale salad with peppercorn dressing, the duck confit banh mi, and the shaved pork belly. Wow!

This restaurant is absolutely ideal for any occasion where someone would like to impress their guest. Perfect for dates, taking the folks out to dinner, showing off to the boss or just sharing a dinner with a good friend, The House will really wow anyone who is looking for a quiet atmosphere with higher end food. Prices are absolutely worth what you pay and then some. I will never come back to Scottsdale without eating here!
Excited to give the House another try since their opening. Our welcome consisted of not being offered the open "champagne" at the front door, because it was not busy enough to warrant a splash. However, there were no outside seating available, yet open tables were visible. 

The appeal of the bar drew us in and we enjoyed a great glass of wine, beer and appetizer.   (Side note) we asked the sophisticated couple next to us their suggestion and all they could say was, food great and cold. Aware that the enjoyable coveted outside seating was not available we decided to order our entree at the bar. ( it is the "House" and dinners are made to be shared) we ordered the Tradori chicken.   Unfortunately, we were denied once again because they only a have certain amount of food for the restaurant and would not allow us to order entrees at the bar.  Needless to say we went to the other less pretentious "House" Eddies.  Bon appetite
Full review in the blog.  This place has potential, but thus far that potential is not fully realized.

seven plates, four desserts...and a $1 'bread supplement'

"Shrimp and Grits," a savory and intense composition of sweet and snappy head-on shrimp atop creamy popcorn grits enlivened by charred onions and smoky pork glaze with a touch on honey.  Sweet and savory but perhaps a bit steep at $14 this was a dish where the ingredients and the execution came together beautifully.

"Arizona Ricotta, Sicilian Pistachio Toast, Roasted Radish" at $8 arrived as a trio with only a single flaw - a dearth of salt to liven up the otherwise beautifully cooked radish.  A bit of a disappointment even despite the high quality of the tender taproot the dish certainly improved in moving on to the bread crisps as the ricotta was ever so slightly melted while the bread itself was herbal and crunchy but at the same time subtle.  With a bit more salt this one could be great.

For Duck Confit Meatballs, Foie Gras, White Bean, Tomato Agrodolce it would be hard to say exactly how/why such decadent ingredients did not live up to my expectations, particularly as the meatballs were tender and rife with flavor, but if I had to pin it on one thing I think it would be the expectations arising with the word "Foie Gras" and the $14 price tag as the sapor of the foie was largely lost to the tomatoes while the puree of white bean was okay, but mostly just filler.

Berkshire Pork Belly, Kimchee, Udon Noodle, Fried Egg arrived with some joking at the table about the ubiquity of pork belly these days and as much as I cannot argue that said ingredient is delicious I just didn't find it well utilized here as the fattiness of the swine simply overwhelmed any semblance of kimchee while the noodles were soggy and limp.  Decent flavors though garnished by a rather inconsequential egg I had a few bites and that was enough.

"Maine Lobster Fried Rice, Mullet Egg, Aji Amarillo" was actually a rather nice plate of risotto with a lot of umami and a touch of heat but "fried rice" it most certainly was not.  Nice enough, but certainly not a sharable plate, one of my tablemates summed it up perfectly when he commented that all this dish really did was make him want to go elsewhere and get a dish of "kick ass" fried rice - something he could have done at 1/3 the tab and had enough for lunch the next day.

Moving last to a pair of sides, each $6 and far more generous than the rice, Grilled and Buttered Shiitake Mushrooms, Truffle Honey along with Grilled Broccoli Carbonara, Pancetta, Egg, Black Pepper arrived and where the first showed strongly in its simplicity the second fell flat once again due to a lack of salt - a lack so pronounced that frozen broccoli straight from the bag has more flavor thus making me wonder exactly what sort of pancetta was even present.

Buttermilk Blackberry Crumb Cake arrived as a dense butter cake with a downhome toothsomeness that I really enjoyed, but with ample notes of buttermilk dominating the sweetness of the berries I think this one could have benefitted from one of two things - a dollop of ice cream or a cup of coffee.  I'd definitely order this as a breakfast item anywhere.

Caramel Apple Upside Down Cake, Salted Caramel, and Pistachio Ice Cream.  A long and linear presentation with the apple flavor a bit overwhelmed by the salty caramel but still potent and tart what truly made this plate shine was the ice cream - creamy, rich, and rife with nutty flavor...had we been dining earlier I'd have probably driven over to Sweet Republic for another round.

Under other circumstances Sacher Torte would have been the highlight of the meal and served with "Toasted Almond Amaretto Mascarpone Mousse" this one was a fine example.  Dense, intensely cocoa, and appropriately dry without suffering the Americanization of making it too birthday-cake in texture this was another dessert that would have gone great with coffee but the use of the mousse and bold apricot flavor kept everything balanced and bright.  It was awesome.

If there is one thing The House should keep doing from this point until the day they close their doors it should be keeping the Butterscotch Pudding on the menu.  A fan of all puddings - from rice to bread to budino - and having had a number of similar presentations elsewhere this version was simply outstanding - sweet and salty, dense and creamy, and bespeckled with chocolate and fruit adding both texture and flavor.  It goes on the short list for Phoenix's best desserts and will likely remain there for some time.

Overall, The House is off to a decent start but still has a lot of room for growth in every department except perhaps dessert and décor.  A lovely setting already with great service I think the focus should start with improved seasoning and working to nail the basics before experimenting with 'fusion' and once the kitchen is hitting on all cylinders perhaps improving the portion/price ratio.
Chocolate wrapped in velvet rolled up in a Sinatra song. Warm. Soft. Smooth. That's how I felt when I got here. That's how I felt while I ate. That's how I felt after I left. 

The House is home. A place where friends gather. But not to play charades and romp in the rec room. No, this is where they gather for cocktails, where they gather for supper club and ya, maybe even whisper a few secrets about the neighbors.

Remodeled from what I was told is the second-oldest house in Scottsdale, no corners were cut or expense spared in honoring the old home but completely repurposing it to be a restaurant. The massive tree in the back, the inviting patio in the front. The bar. The bathrooms. It's all meticulously planned and well-executed. That patio? Yes. That. Eat your meal there. 

And what's a house without a good meal coming out of the kitchen. The food was sublime. We dined family style, and that's the way to do it. Just order up a bunch of things and share with friends. Amongst the highlights--the crab legs, the kale salad, and pretty much anything sweet.

It's hard to describe the food. It can't be placed in one category, so don't try to pigeon hole it. It's a direct message from the chef. He's exploring and inviting you along. Certainly it will continue to be refined, but the bursts of genius were enough for me to see that this place has legs.

Charming but swanky, sexy but simple and down to earth. Bravo.
This might be my new favorite restaurant...it's made the top 10 list. The past two Fridays, I've been here for dinner and everything is amazing. The second you walk up, you can just tell this is going to be a great dinner spot. The patio is just about the cutest thing ever - it's like you're transported outside of the Valley into this magical little courtyard with twinkle lights everywhere (what girl doesn't love twinkle lights?)

The only cocktail I've had there is the Watermelon Cooler (I'll add the pic). It's a refreshing gin cocktail equipped with fresh watermelon juice and effen cumcumber vodka - everything I love in a cup. The food is amazing. Both times I went, my girlfriends and I shared everything. Some of the highlights are the Burrata with leeks, the berkshire pork belly with udon noodles, and the Duck Confit meatballs. We also tried the lobster fried rice, crab legs, Pork Ribs, and Halibut. Everything is good but my favorite is the pork belly with udon noodles. It's just so GD good. 

They've only been open about a month so they warn you that they're working out the kinks in service and what not. It doesn't matter. They could make me wait a year and I'd still sit there and sipon my cocktail among good friends to wait for their amazing food. 

Hats off to you House Brasserie. I'll be back soon.
Coming next weekend, made reservation for outside! Cant wait to try it. Will update my review once I go!
We happened to park out front of the restaurant on our first ever trip to Scottsdale and it had been open only two weeks.  We went in because the chalkboard out front had listed some of our favorite Oregon  cheeses on it.  We were extremely impressed they had lobster rolls (random, and thank  you) we ordered the pastrami sand. very tender, very flavorful, a cheese plate, the lobster fried rice, the chicken parm. sand. but the stand out for me was the fries with the pork hock and gruyere, i wasn't expecting much, but the flavor was just excellent.  We'll be back when we get back to Scottsdale -  the drinks, they needed just a little more life - little more flavor, but they get a pass, the food gets the 5 stars all day
The food is amazing Chef Matt Carter certainly knows what he is doing with his new concept. The menu is well-rounded and has a bit of European influence, with a touch of South American and Asian if that makes sense. Pretty much a little bit of everything. 

The owners did an amazing job decorating what I came to find out was the second oldest home in Scottsdale. A truly beautiful dining experience. The bar is lively and fun, yet the patio is intimately different in a way that makes you feel like you aren't i the Scottsdale tourist district. 

We were greeted with complimentary champagne upon arrival and enjoyed the most fabulous cocktails and shared plates at the bar before seating (the bar menu is ridiculous). Bartenders have tons of personality and you can see how much they pay attention to the details of their craft with the way they make their cocktails and one even showed us some of the many syrups and liquors they make in "House". 

We then moved to one of the Cabana tables by the front of the restaurant (closest to Main St). It felt like we had our own private dining room in the middle of a candle lit garden setting. We continued with some very competitively priced reserved wines and even worked our way into their extensive beer list. Our server explained that the dining style of "The House" was to order a few of the larger Entree/Main Dishes along with several sides and shared plates to accompany them for the group to enjoy the meal in a family style environment while also giving everyone at the table the opportunity to both try and taste everything was the best way to go. Our server certainly gave us the right direction because every plate left empty and everyone loved everything. 

Several people ordered dessert which all looked amazing, but I saved myself for what our server said was "The House Irish Coffee". I have been to the Buena Vista in San Francisco where this drink was created, but their version was absolutely unreal. I am not sure exactly which person working at "The House" came up with the recipe for that cocktail but I need to shake their had because they truly revolutionized an amazing classic in their own special way. Perfect nightcap to an amazing evening with great friends.
Absolutely love this new addition to Old Town Scottsdale!  Great, quaint patio, nice decor, great service and tasty food.  I tried the chicken parmesan sandwich and really liked it...great tomato sauce!  We shared two desserts and were pleased with them as well.  I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 since my friend tried to make a lunch reservation and they gave her a hard time about being too full.  I arrive and the place was more than half empty the entire time we were there...seems weird to me!
WOW! Thanks to Lindsey F, I feel like I'm becoming a PHX/Scottsdale culinary aficionado in no time! I live in Tucson and heading to Phoenix doesn't always feel like a "getaway" type of visit until now. I'm officially in the "know" of some remarkable spots and The House Brasserie is one of them. From its unique story, to incredible makeover to the quaint and romantic outdoor patio lined with twinkle lights to the fabulous bathrooms and of course the divine cuisine this place is nothing short of a solid 5-stars. The House Brasserie had recently opened and they treated our group of about 12 people to seamless and delightful evening.

I learned that night the that The House is actually "home" to the second old house in Scottsdale. The owners did an incredible two year remodel without compromising the original structure of this historical home. It's worth a visit even for a tour of the place. But, really the food and drinks are just as incredible.

We sat down for dinner out on the patio. Even with a group of 12, it felt intimate. We dined family style and it was more food than I could dream of! Chef came out to greet us and share a little background about his menu. I'm thankful that he did! Although the menu appears to be heavily influenced by European cuisine, there's no real category for this place and that's with intent. Chef cooks what he thinks will be delicious and his dishes draw from various global cuisines. 

My experience with most family-style dinners is that the food runs out or by the time you eat it it's cold. That was not the case here! 
Our first course sampling was as follows:
-Charcuterie Board with Saint Andre Cheese (my personal heaven!)
-Wood Grilled Cab legs with Aji Mamrillo Butter. Fresh as can be. 
-House Brisket & Biscuit with a chili jam and white cheddar. 
-Kale Salad with Miso Peppercorn Dressing: I love me some Kale and I could eat this salad all day long!
-Farro Salad with Arugula and Butternut squash. Hearty and flavorful
-Peel & Eat Shrimp: worth the effort with a spicy kick
-Duck Confit Meatballs- need I day more?

By this point we were all wow'd and the main course offerings kicked it up another notch. From the Berkshire Pork Ribs that were fall off the bone tender and juicy to the 
Chateau Briand and Marinate Jidori Chicken. It was an incredible feast. But the sides were superstars too! Lobster fried rice and Broccoli Carbonara. I was smitten.

Somehow we had room for dessert. I didn't. But I had to taste it. Missing out was not an option. Caramel Apple Upside Down Cake. Blackberry Crumb Cake. Perfection.

The House Brasserie is all about the culinary adventure. I loved everything about it. And don't miss out on their craft cocktails, as they also put as much effort into their freshly squeezed juices/mixes as they do in the kitchen.

If you haven't been, what are you waiting for?
I made reservations for this place a week before, and we sat outside with a party of 6. Now the food was good, I enjoyed everything however the outside area is so cute and nice but you can't see a thing! I had to ask the server for extra candles. 

You know how people say you eat with your eyes first, well I would of enjoyed the entire experience if there were more lights! I mean at least so we can see our food.

Watermelon cocktail was good, I also enjoyed the brisket biscuit small plate. The broccoli soup was good, I prefer more cream based but it was still good. The rest of the party enjoyed their meals!
Excellent food and atmosphere. Everything we ordered was mouthwatering! We loved our two appetizers and the grilled peach salad.  For the main course, I ordered the halibut on top of shitake mushrooms and parmesan potatoes. Perfectly cooked. My hubby ordered the filet, which was a tiny bit overdone. My favorite thing was the side of basil/brie smashed potatoes he ordered. And, you MUST order the butterscotch pudding for dessert!  

The owner stopped by at least twice to make sure we were comfortable and enjoying the food... that was a nice touch. We were also seated at the table closest to the fire pit... a bonus on the first chilly Valley night. Our waitress was also fabulous and very on the ball. 

If there's room for improvement, it would be with the hostess and the food runners. We waited quite awhile for a table, despite making reservations. (Although, it might've been because they were trying to get us onto the patio. If that's the case, they should just say so... so we're not wondering if we were forgotten about.) Also... the food runners gave us the wrong plates at first. They returned quickly after realizing the mistake... disappeared around the corner for a second, only to come right back out and set the SAME plates at the neighboring table. Those guests didn't notice, but we were a little surprised that would happen.

Still, we'd go back. The restaurant hasn't been open long and I'm guessing the kinks will be ironed out in no time.
Honestly, I wanted to love this place.  And it's not that it's bad, but they are missing the mark on the dishes I tried, albeit in easily fixable ways.  My first course was the smoked burrata.  LOVE the idea, not their result.  The burrata was very lightly smoked, as it should be, you don't want to overpower this delicate and luscious cheese.  I get that.  But a little adjustment is needed.  The MJ bread they served it with was white on white, tasteless and textureless.  You could hardly tell if it had seen a broiler or grill, it honestly looked and tasted like long rods of wonder bread, and the very little grilling or toasting the bread received just made it seem stale.   I love starches of all persuasions, beyond reason actually, but I left this bread on the plate after the first bite.  The cheese was simply served with a bit of vinaigrette, a bit of green onion, the bread, and nothing more.  I get keeping it simple and letting the cheese be the star, but it seriously needed something.  Perhaps a drizzle of a lightly smoked tomato coulis, a smear of parsley or basil pesto, or a little gremolata of finely diced preserved lemon with parsley and garlic, something to complete the idea, please!  And consider serving it with medium to large house-made olive oil fried croutons.  That would make a huge difference.

The duck confit bahn mi also fell below the possibility the dish offers.  There is a restaurant in the Seattle area that serves a version which qualifies for my short list for "last meal on earth", so my bar for such a sandwich is admittedly high.  But The House could get there, or close anyway, with just a bit of tweaking.  First off, replace the MJ soft bread with a section of lovely french baguette (does MJ make one?), as should be used on a really good bahn mi.  And consider replacing the cilantro mint pesto with a sauce that would have a more complementary flavor profile, maybe a hoisin aioli, maybe a fruit based slightly smoky, not too assertive BBQ sauce (rhubarb?).  To my mind, it would be greatly improved with a sauce that was slightly sweet, and with just enough of a balancing tang to cut through the rich fat, like one of the choices I mentioned, or a myriad of other options.  I would also add some caramelized shallots or onions to the duck.  And please, get rid of the mushy centered crinkle cut fries.  Seriously?  How about a little arugula salad with fried shallots and oven roasted tomatoes, or small round discs of a waxy potato (yellow finn or red bliss) cooked in duck fat, caramelized around the edges, or something else simple but satisfying.  Just something else, please.  The same frite they serve at Zinc Bistro would be a huge improvement, but just a little fatter would be even better, so you get more potato to balance the richness of the sandwich.

Bottom line, I will likely give it another try, see how it goes with different choices.  But my gut reaction is that a visit from a menu consultant with an impeccable palate is needed to turn this into a place I'll regularly want to visit.   

As an aside, I know I'll probably get slammed for dissing the MJ breads used here.  Yes, his breads are very popular locally.  And he does make some good breads, just not these two maybe.  But why oh why is there no truly great and complete bakery here in the Valley?  Essence in Tempe makes good baguettes, but doesn't sell them, darn, and doesn't make any other breads, only pastry, darn again.  There are a couple of restaurants and markets that make their own very good bread that they sell, or will sell if you ask.  Andreoli's and Christopher's come to mind, but each one only offers one or two types.  There is no single bakery I've yet found that has great baguettes, and loaves or rolls of campagnia, walnut, olive, ciabbata, pugliese, or assorted other rustic style breads.  Give me that, add some great pastries, and I'd be in heaven.  If anyone can steer me toward the great place I'm missing, I would be forever grateful!  Otherwise, guess I have to make my own starters, get a new pizza stone for the oven, and go back to baking my own.
Interesting concept from the creators of Zinc and the Mission. I love the Mission and probably rate it my top 5 AZ spots. So, flying into Phoenix to meet 2 colleagues, I'm trying to clean up my gmail account when I find a "ribbon cutting" email from The House Brasserie. I'd planned a dinner at Maestro's Ocean Club and cancelled via my GoGo wireless account and re-booked the House, simply based on ownership. (No offense meant to Maestro's---but, I live in So Cal and can go there anytime.)

I read the menu and had my eye set on the Paella. WARNING: The website wasn't current and therefore no paella.

We opted to try small plates v entrees and perhaps we were steered incorrectly. My favorites were the peel and eat shrimp and the lobster fried rice. I was not impressed with the lobster roll, Berkshire pork belly on kimchee, or the kale salad. (No better kale salad exists than Chelsea's kitchen because they properly massage and cut up the kale.) We also tried the duck confit. It seemed many of the dishes were "overdone". I don't mean overcooked, more like too rick with too many sauces and tastes which took away from the actual entree v adding to it

The positives: We had wonderful service and the ambiance in awesome offering seating inside or outside. It happened to be unseasonably cold, so we opted for inside. 

I'll probably go back, especially if the fare is lighter as winter comes and goes.
11/14/12

What a romantic spot!

A friend and I decided we'd meet for dinner here (neither of us have ever been), and we elected to be seated outdoors.  Thank goodness it wasn't too chilly out, as I soon detected a repulsive sulfuric scent and were told by either manager Sal, or our server Todd, that the heat lamp was the likely source of the fumes and that he would turn it down to mitigate the repugnant odor.  Nice!  The setting outside was very pretty (lighted trees, window sills, and fences), but it quickly turned very dark, and not even the lone votive candle on our table could cast enough light for me to see my friend's face, much less read the print on the menu.  Thankfully, Todd brought us a couple of mini-flashlights to use.  

We started off by ordering the House brisket and biscuit http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=LkEx56NcRC4E9Xwo5W3qbQ#LkEx56NcRC4E9Xwo5W3qbQ, the Crab fondue http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=t2WMfle_zu9MCgk-FTWP3g#t2WMfle_zu9MCgk-FTWP3g, the Arizona arugula salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=rMk1Ocoa7ddSbwltgPMXlA#rMk1Ocoa7ddSbwltgPMXlA, a Gone A-Rye cocktail for him, and a glass of Conn Creek cab sauv for me.  For entrees, he chose the Roasted Jidori Chicken (I said we could compare this dish to FnB's at a later date) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=679m8eFoykKTLfDrede3GA#679m8eFoykKTLfDrede3GA, while I was enticed by one of tonight's dinner specials, the Day scallop entree http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=v9AQf7SwNC7fbdbXGYTBNw#v9AQf7SwNC7fbdbXGYTBNw.  He chose another glass of Gone A-Rye, while I opted for a light and buttery Lioco chardonnay.

House brisket and biscuit: Came with a brush of chili jam on the side, but didn't need it.  My favorite of all three apps, and I think it was his, as well.  I chose the biggest piece of the three, since he was going to get the other two!  

I really liked the viscosity and the chunkiness of the fondue, which came with a lot of crab.   However, it was a little too sweet for me, so the saltiness of the accompanying toast was appreciated.  We didn't finish this one, even though I gave it my best shot.  

The salad was lovely- I enjoyed the crispness of the grilled slices of peach, which presented a gorgeous color and glaze!  The dressing was a little too acidic for me, but my friend thought it was just right.  I really liked the triple cream crostini that came alongside the salad, for it helped to cut the sourness of the salad's dressing.

If I weren't already too full with the apps and salad, I may have enjoyed the scallop entree a little more; However, the dish did arrive with a strong seafood odor, one more akin to say a shrimp dish, rather than the lighter scent of day scallops.  I found the bites too sweet, and a little too rich.  I enjoyed the salty and crisped bacon bits and the texture and flavor of the spaetzle, but came to find out a little too late that it had a mustard base, so I'm assuming it was taken off my friend's bill.  I do know that we were offered a complimentary dessert, but we were already too full, so I elected for the caffeine in coffee, which helps to lessen food allergy symptoms.  My first time trying Chemex, and the coffee was delicious!

Hope to return soon!

p.s.  He absolutely LOVED the roasted Jidori chicken.  It came with mushrooms that sounded divine.  Too bad I couldn't try any of it.  :(  I was able to sample the second Gone A-Rye cocktail (I wanted to try a "spicier" version of the first) and found it a little too bitter to enjoy.  I did, however, really like the heat.  Perhaps I could talk the bartender into making a spicy mango mojito for me to try in the future?

p.p.s.  The House is so adorable, even down to the "outhouses," but I doubt these will be appreciated when winter comes.  I'm picturing heat lamps taking up more space in the already crowded walkways.
Apparently only been open for 10 weeks and we have been to The Mission a number of times.  Wanted to go somewhere new tonight so looked on Yelp.  This is a sister restaurant to The Mission.  What a great experience.  Didn't have a reservation so bellied up to the bar and ordered a couple of drinks while we waited for the kale salad, lobster role, and filet with corn and balsamic reduction.  All fantastic.  Wouldn't have changed a thing.  The caramel upside down apple cake with pistachio ice cream.  Wow, awesome in general but the ice cream was unreal.  Good food, good drinks, good bartender, and good times.  Will be back and I would recommend that anyone check it out.
Sweetie and I went for her birthday. Two words. Just go. It's just so different from any other place in Scottsdale. 
Make sure you get a table on the patio as it's like dining in a secret garden. Everything we had was really terrific. Frankly I don't think you can go wrong with anything here. If you can take some time to have a before dinner drink by the fireplace. It's not outrageously expensive if you don't dip into the wine too heavily. Service is super professional and attentive without being snobbish.
Over rated beyond belief!!
The restaurant setting is unique in its cozy ambiance, but you pay $250 for two to eat good food not the ambiance. Our 30th anniversary, as a visitor to Phoenix, was not something to be stamped out in our culinary diary as "outstanding". The staff has been trained to "sell" the "Goods", but the Goods' are not there to be sold. Upon our arrival, we were given the privilege of being seated in the patio area, provided we vacated the table in "one hour forty minutes"!! Our server was very accommodating, well informed and courteous, but the kitchen did not take any notice of his recommendations and most of our food had to be returned for revision. The menu is structured around the fancy names, extravagant ingredients and presentation, but the quality and the "yummy factor" is just not there to match the intentions. My wife's orders had to be modified due to her numerous allegories, so in the spirit of fairness, I will only comment on my choices which were presented exactly as described on the menu. The lobster appetizer starter, with a fancy name ($18) turned out to be a few pieces of tasteless lobster meat in some kind of equally tasteless sauce buried in an unimpressive French Bread and accompanied with soggy and limp French Fries. The main course, the stake ($38+) was a lump of un-seasoned meat on a pile of fiery hot chilies and corn (out of a can), with a failed attempt to camouflage the tasteless meat. The reprieve came at the end of the meal. The desert and espresso was well presented and very tasty. 
If you are seeking bragging rights for a night out, this is your place. On the other hand if you are after good food, look for an establishment serving a true gourmet product.
Fred Fardoost
Absolutely the number 1 restaurant in Scottsdale for variety, flavor, service and ambiance!  We had the duck meatballs for appetizer, I had Scallops and my date ordered the Lamb.  All prepared with wonderful flavor!  Dessert we had the pineapple/caramel/pasticcio upside cake~~amazing! Their coffee is prepared table side in an aerated glass flask, fresh ground.  A real treat to experience.   We sat outside by the big fire place under the HUGE Pine tree, music was low an easy listening.  Our server, Ann, was a delight!  EVERY employee conducted themselves in a happy, professional manner & all sharped dressed in black.  Congratulations to Brian, owner, for another 1st class restaurant!
The House is most definitely a new favorite restaurant in our household... I've eaten there several times already in the few months they've been open, and I plan on being back again soon.  My husband is a regular; he gets out way more than I do!

Food highlights we've had to date include the kale salad, hangar steak, brisket biscuits, chicken parm sandwich, crinkle cut fries, and broccoli carbonarra.  Desserts are pretty delightful as well, and the drink selection won't disappoint either with a ton of California wines to choose from and a unique selection of cocktails too!  Note that the menu does change often, so be open to trying the latest and greatest from Chef Matt Carter; he obviously knows what he's doing!

The House is extremely charming, with both indoor and outdoor seating in a renovated historic home.  You can tell there was a lot of thought and attention to detail put into this place.  You must take a full tour when you go and make sure to stop in the restrooms; they are pretty swanky.  Take a peak into the kitchen as well - the staff does an incredible job working in such a small space.  

Go with a friend, on a date, or with a large group... Go for lunch, dinner, or drinks.  Just go!  You will thank me later.

***Note that you will probably want to make a reservation ahead of time just in case.  Enjoy!
3.5 to be fair !!!

Okay this place is hands down super trendy and romantic and just adorable inside ( I love all the mirrors). We had two mishaps without food being undercooked...they fixed both without giving us any grief and were very nice about the whole situation. Our service was great overall and they definitely made up for the food situation. 

We tried quite a few things- the kale salad is flippen fantastic. I'm not a huge meat eater so i was happy with the kale salad and brie potatoes we got also. My dear bf is the meat lover out of us and he was disappointed a little with the pork he got but said he would like to go back and try again so it was not alllll the bad.

The desserts were sinful and delicious and paired well with some shots of peppermint schnapps :)

I want my star rating to go up so we will give it another go around in the near future...there is definite potential to be found at The House Brasserie.
A friend and I dined at "The House," for the first time today.  It was our annual Holiday luncheon and I was disappointed.  I am familiar with the other two restaurants, in the mix (Zinc Bistro and The Mission) and enjoy both, very much.  I was expecting the same caliber of food and service in the newest addition.  That didn't happen.

First of all, their on-line menu and "actual" menu are different.  The on-line version listed entrees, in the Lunch section.  Not so, in real life - sandwiches and salads are it.  I had already decided on the Hangar Steak, so was disappointed when I had to settle for a turkey sandwich.  Not my idea of a gala lunch.  The sandwich was okay and that's the best you could say for it.

The service staff actually argued, with me, about the on-line menu listings (which I checked when I got home - yes, entrees are listed, as I write) and so did a manager type, who checked our table, at the very end.  This is just not the caliber of service that I personally know that Brian expects of his staff.

On the plus side, the Apple Shandy cocktail was delish; ditto the Irish coffee.  So the outing wasn't a complete bust but it came very close and for $90+, for two, for lunch - yeah, I am disappointed and would not go back again.  At least not for lunch.  Because I know of the caliber of the other two restaurants, I'd be willing to give it a go, for dinner.
Ambience 4 stars
Service 4 stars
Food 3 stars

The staff recommended the lamb bolognese but I didn't think it was all that special. What I truly enjoyed was the kale salad!   Next time I'll try the Mission, but will only return to House for patio seating and drinks. Thank you to our server who wrote down a couple of lounges for us to visit post dinner.
I should give 2 stars but I'm feeling generous. I really like the place and want to give it another chance.  This was the second time here after a great first time.  I think this was a Murphy's Law meal.  It happens once in a great while.  The ambience and service are fine.  No issue there.  My food was the problem. I ordered the scallops minus the creamed cabbage, I avoid most dairy.  I asked for the Brussels sprouts from their chicken dish instead.  They didn't want to substitute.  The bartender spoke with the kitchen and they agreed to go ahead and do it.  I get the dish and it is enveloped with creamed cabbage all over the scallops and no Brussels sprouts.  I tell the guy that delivered it and he takes it away.  I decide to just play it safe and order something else.  A side of lobster fried rice.  I told them to make it as is because I didn't want to special order anything and I'm ok with egg in fried rice.  It shows up with no egg, underdone, lobster cold in the middle, yuck.  It was basically mushy rice, some lobster, and coconut milk I think.  Bland and disgusting.  I had ordered a cab and my wife ordered a champagne cocktail.  When we finished one round we both said we wanted the same.  The bartender took that as we both want a champagne cocktail.  That would be a big fat No.  Anyways, I told her and she gave me the cab.  The bartender was sweet and was trying but things were just not going well.  I was hungry and frustrated so I just let it go and said fuck it.  It happens.  Loved the place the first time and will try it again but let's hope that Murphy's Law doesn't get involved next time.
All I can say is... AMAZING!  

Such a quaint little cottage with adorable outside patio and brick fireplace on cold nights.  

The food is exceptionally "foodie" and delicious.  I had the Berkshire Pork Rib with Popcorn Grits and my friends had the Bolognese with Marscapone.  I could not stop eating!  Just pure food fantasy.  

As appetizers we had Pork Belly with Noodles and an Egg over the top - sinful.  Really.

We sat at the bar with Keith - who was so friendly and knowledgeable - he really made our experience fantastic!  Oh, be sure to ask for a cinnamon whiskey shot - a magical brew from the bar gnomes.  Thank you magical bar gnomes!  

And Thank You to The House for being everything you are.
I love this place! 

It is mainly patio, but it is a beautiful patio! Lots of heaters and a gorgeous fireplace to keep you nice and toasty on these few cold nights we will have. 
All of the staff seem very friendly, starting with the ladies at the front. Pleasant smiles, and offered champagne right away! I felt like I was walking into a very welcoming home of one of my families. Most people would expect an Old Town Scottsdale "fine dining" place to be stuffy, but this is far from! Extremely comfortable. 

We sat at the bar with Kevin. We found out later that he is the bar manager there. What a friendly, funny, and knowledgeable guy! We asked for recommendations from scotch to wine and he nailed it every time! Not to mention the things he has created: house made root beer, that he apparently created with a fellow bartender at his own home. He reduces all sorts of amazing spices (star anise, sassafras, and many many more) with a special type of sugar to make a syrup. He then simply adds soda water. AMAZING! Oh, any Fireball lovers out there? Its the new hot thing right? You HAVE to try his house made cinnamon whiskey. Holy crap. He also told us the story about the history of The House. Ask your server when you go in! It is a neat highlight. 

Every ounce of food that we had was spectacular. I didn't expect anything less with Chef Carter creating the menu. I'm sure he has some amazing talents back there helping him out as well. We started with the Brisket biscuit . Probably my favorite out of the entire meal. We then had the Bolognese, this absolutely blew my mind. We had a caramel apple up-side-down cake with pistachio ice cream to finish. Outstanding! 

All in all, great experience and we will be back!
I do not generally yelp because I feel that you should always experience it for yourself instead of read about it. However, this is an exception to the rule because this place is just that great!! 
Yes they are associated with The Mission and Zinc Bistro and those places are great but the house is different. This place could be anywhere L.A., New York, London, San Francisco, and you'de still feel at home. The ambience is romantic, cozy, and chic yet not overdone. The food is amazing! The steak tartare  with house cut fries that dish alone is worth going for but then there's the beef tongue wrapped in a house made scallion crepe... if it hadn't said tongue on the menu I would have never know, it's that delicious! Matt Carter takes risks with food but in a non-confrontational way, which is so refreshing!
The guys at the bar...these guys are mixologists! The house "remedies" are top notch. I am usually not a huge fan of gin but the Green lantern is my new favorite drink in Scottsdale! Gin and chartruese with a touch of serrano chile... sounds crazy, tastes crazy good! 
This place is small and for being so new it is busy!! You may not be able to sit right away but there is always a cute hostess at the front with a smile and a glass of champagne while you wait. 
Once seated we were greeted almost immediately by our server who was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She offered some great suggestions, beef tongue being one of them, and though reluctant at first to try it, we loved it!! We also had the scallops and bone in ribeye which were amazing! At the end she also suggested the house made cinnamon whiskey which was ridiculously good, fireball's got nothin' on this stuff!
We will definetely be returning to this unique little spot! Loved it!
Every part of The House Brasserie is exceptional!  The food, drinks, service and atmosphere are truly a cut above the rest!  Whether you are going for date night, drinks with the girls or needing to impress someone in your professional life this is the place!  I highly recommend the crab and Gouda fondue to start!  For dinner you must try the Lamb Bolognese (order the bread and butter though to soak up the extra sauce) and don't pass up a side of lobster fried rice for the table to share!  My friend ordered the country rib dish and again just delicious!  When it's time for dessert you can't go wrong with any of them but I must say the caramel apple upside cake is was SO yummy!  I will definitely be back!
Beautiful venue, great location, awesome staff, and amazing food and drinks! Went on a Thursday night and the place was hopping with energy and fun. Fire apple cocktail with housemade cinnamon whiskey was sinfully delicious, fireball enthusiasts prepare for heaven! Crab fondue and the scallops were absolutely incredible and the boys raved about their ribeye steaks. We were greeted with champagne at the front door and our server paired some amazing wines to go with our dinners. We loved this oldtown gem, we felt literally " at home" as we enjoyed cappuccinos and Irish coffees in the outside living room right next to the fireplace. We will be there regularly!
The House is Old Town's best hidden gem. It hosts the most warm and inviting atmosphere in town. Upon entry everyone is warmly greeted with a friendly smile, as if being invited over to a friend or family member's home. Soft and romantic lighting fill the inside and bar with a cozy glow as the candles flicker playfully in numerous mirrors decorating the walls. inside seating is very intimate and perfect for date nights. The outdoor patio is beautifully lit by tiny lights high in the surrounding trees and shrubbery giving it a very whimsical feel. The patio is an ideal setting for any size group but it's picturesque for a girl's night outing. 

Get ready to be whisked away as you dine on a very worldly menu. Chef Carter has masterfully incorporated a little piece of each of his other restaurants into the menu at The House, but still remains uniquely original. Everything is sinfully delicious and it makes you want to try a little bit of everything. Start out with some shared plates like the smoked Burrata, and the Brisket in a biscuit. Grilled crab legs come out with the perfect texture with a tiny hint of smoke from the grill. Indulge with the Lamb Bolognese or the Creekstone Filet. Your tummy will thank you. 

The House also has an excellent cocktail menu to perfectly pair unique, spirits with homemade syrups to provide delicious accompaniments to any entree.  The staff is very knowledgable and take great pride in providing their guests with a unforgettable dining experience. So whether you are on a hot date with your hubby or just want a playful night out with the girls, The House is the perfect spot to meet all your dining and drinking needs.
I went to The House on January 2nd with my girlfriend . We shared the Kale salad which is a must have! She had the scallops and I had the filet both wonderful.  We both ha a couple cocktails off of their specialty menu, our server insisted we try the pimms mule. We tried the mule, and the green lantern. We both went with a second round, highly recommend the drinks. The service and ambiance were excellent ! The owner even came by the table an introduced himself, he also bought us a round of the house made cinnamon everyone else seems to be writing about, it was awesome!  We will be back soon!
This place is amazing!!! My boyfriend decided to take me here for dinner on New Years Eve. He had been here with his family before but it was my first time. We sat outside under white tents that had heaters, which were actually very warm and nice to sit outside. The patio is so romantic, all tables are candle lit and the fireplace is beautifully decorated too. Our server came to our table with a sparkler and a complimentary bottle of Perrier Jouet...... WHAT I SAID ....never have I heard of such a thing, and I use to be a server back in my younger days:) . The owners had decided to give every table a bottle in celebration of being here and open!!! I still can not get over this I have told everyone how awesome that was. Nice touch!! Food was fantastic as well we shared a warm shrimp dish to start. I had a filet which came out perfect and was served with roasted corn and shishito peppers which are  my new favorite thing. I can't wait to return.
Easily one of the most beautiful patios in Arizona. The handcrafted shandys, and tasting selections were exquisite. I noticed they added more tables since the last time I was there, I hope this helps with seating issues. "The House" goes on the "Final Meal" list..lol
I have been to this all around marvelous restaurant on numerous occasions and LOVE it! The ambiance exudes beauty, character and charm. Like every one of their stylish establishments, I walk in feeling like a dignitary, confident that anyone I bring will have an exceptional experience. 

Matt carter never fails to deliver the most delectable assortment of food choices catering to the palate of any level of sophistication. They offer a wide variety of small plates as well as family style entrees using the finest and freshest ingredients resulting in a staggering eruption of favors in every bite. My last visit i had the bound corn and leek, creamy tomato soup served with sourdough gruyere grilled cheese and fresh Oregon truffle slices And the sweet yet savory country pork ribeye, served with popcorn grits, apple glaze with braised fennel. I am convinced they add crack to every dish because it is ADDICTING!!

It doesn't stop there either. The bar does not fall behind to the slightest degree. Definitely try the Housemade root beer and the famous cinnamon whiskey fireball shots (they use their own secret ingredients) one of my favorites is the sazerac square- sazerac whiskey aperol and fresh grapefruit ( yummmmmmmy!) and an absolute must have is the Irish coffee made with a hand picked house espresso, Jameson whiskey, topped with a Madagascar vanilla whipped cream and Demerara sugar pieces, I am not a coffee drinker and had 4!

The best part of the restaurant is the fun and friendly staff. Brian and kevin definitely know how to have fun and will show you the time of your life!!!!! Needless to say if you haven't been by yet you need to stop in as of yesterday!!! They are open for lunch, brunch on the weekends and dinner 7 nights a week so what are you waiting for!!!!?????
My apologies for not writing this review earlier, but you can thank me now.  I have had the pleasure of dining at The House Brasserie on more than a handful of times during brunch, lunch and dinner.  When I find a new place that I obsess about, I find myself making up reasons to return and the holidays provided just the perfect excuse!
This is an old house that has been converted into a restaurant.  You will feel like you have been transported out of Arizona.  I am already thinking of throwing a baby / wedding shower on the beautiful patio.

I will start with brunch, the brunch menu is limited at this point but the staff said Chef Carter plans to add more selections.  But heck, I do not need more selections. I dined with 2 friends and we started with the family style marscapone eggs.  These eggs were exceptionally tasty and fluffy and serve with warm baguette on the side.  The highlight tho was the crepe. This should come as no surprise since the chef said his first job in France was as a creperie.  The crepe was filled with marscapone with just the right amount of sweetness and topped with an assortment of fresh warm berries. I begged the manager to add this to there dessert menu so I could indulge more often.

I have had the pleasure of dining at The House for lunch a couple of times, an absolutely charming place to enjoy and leisurely lunch on the patio.  Luckily I have dined with friends who do not mind sharing a bite of there meal.  I have been impressed with all of the items. So far I have tried the turkey, pastrami, chicken parm, shaved pork belly and the double burger. All of these sandwiches are served with outstanding crinkle fries.  The standout sandwich was the shaved pork belly BUT you really cannot go wrong with any of the selections from my experience. 

On to dinner, where to begin...  I definitely recommend starting with one of the amazing homemade soups and salads.  I love the kale salad. Then you can go in either directions and try a bunch of share plates or order a entree. I have done them all but whatever I order I an sure to get the kale salad and popcorn bacon grits; simply divine. 

See you again soon House Brasserie!! I love you
I went to "The House" when they first opened. We walked from my girlfriend's house~ (what joy to be so close!) We sat on the beautiful patio. Our server Luis was amazing, attentive and professional.  We shared everything. We started with the burrata which Luis split for us at the table with a history of how it is made. We then shared a steak that was also cut and split by our server. Delicious.The owner came by to ask how everything was, a very nice touch. I found myself with nothing to do on Christmas Eve. I stopped by The House. I "checked in" on Facebook. On recommendation I had the newly added tomato soup. Amazing, great presentation and with beautiful roasted corn to add texture. Two friends showed up! With their well-behaved dog so we moved to the patio- there I had the duck confit sandwich and the manager Sal came by an recommended a glass of the the Bell Glos (sp?) which knocked my socks off. We were also treated to a sample of the house-made cinnamon whiskey, which was excellent. My friends had to leave, I moved back to the bar for the cinnamon cake (marvelous) and coffee. I felt  guilty that the coffee is so labor intensive but SO worth it, and the staff wasn't too busy- this was the best cup of coffee I've ever had . Everything was so wonderful and I cannot wait to go back again! I think what chef Matt Carter does best is created "cravable" foods- thing you can't stop thinking about and want to go back for. He does it well.
This restaurant is very charming. My boyfriend visited with some friends on a prior occasion and decided to take me here for dinner the other night, and I was happy he did! 
He ordered brisket and I had grilled salmon; both were delicious. This restaurant is a gem--I'm looking forward to dining on their beautiful patio when the weather warms up.
I've been to the House twice now and I'm more and more impressed after each visit. For starters, the atmosphere is perfect. The setting is very personal and intimate inside and their patio is equally inviting. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable when it comes to food and drink selections and very courteous and attentive. On our first visit our bartender Kevin welcomed us and after finding out it was our first visit he took the time to suggest several food selections and drinks. 

The food is some of the best I've sampled in the valley; every dish is off the beaten path and an unexpected joy to taste for the first time. Far to often new establishments play it safe and don't stray to far from the norm of southwestern cuisine but The House Brasserie's kitchen and chef do a remarkable job of introducing their patrons to a sampling of dishes that are both creative and amazing. My suggestion, try the Duck Confit Bahn Mi!

If you're looking for an excellent meal that outside the norm you've got to stop by The House Brasserie.
What a magical place to enjoy my very first dinner in Scottsdale! Fellas, if you're looking for a place to DAZZLE your lady, look no further than The House!

I came into town for a work retreat and was completely taken aback by the tranquil beauty of the property and outdoor patio. We were seated outside and enjoyed a beautiful meal under the stars. Months later my head is still spinning from course after course after course which stuffed us til we were barely able to walk!

The owner came by and told us that The House is one of the oldest homes in Old Town and I loved all the wonderful stories he told us about the property. Be sure to take a walk around the property and you'll see that the renovations have blended together the historic charm of the property with contemporary accents.
Read their reviews and looked up their website.  4 of us showed up today for brunch to a COMPLETELY empty restaurant.  We asked for the table in front next to the window.  Next thing we knew the rude hostess was ushering us to outside seating.  NOTE: it is cloudy and raining today.  The group consisted of 4 / 3 women in their 50's and 60's.  No one was interested in sitting outside on a day like this.  We again asked for the table inside the empty restaurant and she then told us that they were completely booked.  IT WAS COMPLETELY EMPTY.  I am assuming it was booked for a party or something, but shouldn't you post that on your Facebook page or on your website?  It was handled poorly by their staff and especially the hostess.  WOULD NOT EVEN CONSIDER RETURNING.  Guess what folks... great restaurants are a dime a dozen here in the Valley.  We walked without even looking back.
The House Brasserie follows the tradition of its chef's other culinary ventures at providing a great dining experience with a diverse and surprising menu.

Located in the second oldest remaining houses in Scottsdale, the atmosphere is perfect for the wintertime in the desert with plentiful outdoor seating (and heaters for our cold nights) and unobtrusively lit dining area (they didn't have floodlights on the back patio and call it lighting).  All of these cosmetic elements definitely set the tone for the meal to come.

The House Brasserie has the best staff.  The bartenders were very friendly and helpful and our table's server, Ann, was absolutely fantastic.  Since we wanted to try a little bit of everything, Ann helped guide the group to create our own tasting of some of the best of what House Brasserie had to offer.  One of the appetizers was beef tongue, which I have never been fond of until now.  This tongue was in a wine marinade overnight and cut perfectly so when it was cooked it retained its tenderness and flavor.  Amazing.  We also had tender belly over udon noodles that was great.  Definitely two appetizers worth a try.  

For my main course I am a sucker for bone in ribeye steak; since it was on the menu, it was destined to be on my plate.  The best part of the steak is that it had this wonderful rosemary flavor to it that I really enjoyed.  

I am not a crazy dessert person, so I will leave my thoughts on dessert for others to comment.  

A few things to note about the House Brasserie, they offer a few infusions that they make on location that may attract potential provocateurs of such indulgences.  Although I enjoyed the sweetness of the infused whiskey, it may be too sweet for the more experienced connoisseur because the House Brasserie takes Makers Mark and infuse it with a lot of sugar, which is less expensive than alcohol, but it makes the infusion very sweet.  This is the same for the lemoncello which is made on premises as well.   

Overall I was satisfied with my experience.
Went for dinner Saturday night. Sat on the patio. The atmosphere was definitely high end and romantic. We had the kale salad, duck confit meatballs and the seared scallops. And for dessert, the caramel upside down apple pie. It was all delicious. I will definitely go again and look forward to it.
This restaurant is amazing! Perfect for happy hour, dinner, dessert and coffee, or really any reason to go out. We sat outside on the patio and even though still chilly, the atmosphere and the service made us quickly forget it. The menu is unforgettable - crab fondue, brisket biscuits, popcorn grits, scallops, lamb bolognese, and of course the apple upsidedown cake with pistachio ice cream! Definitely going back.
Stopped in here this evening right when they called last call, and Keith the bartender was nice enough to pour me a good red wine and even a complementary shot of flavored whiskey. The ambiance is simply seductive. Shades of Belle Epoch Paris, with chandelier lighting, and a great drink list...I will have to come back with a date and do dinner and the whole works.
This place is amazing! I was there for a work dinner and the atmosphere, staff, and food were incredible! The owner was right outside and asked what we though as we left and it was definitely worth every penny!! Perfect date night spot also. Can't wait to go back!
I went to this restaurant last night as part of the BF and I's V day date exchange. This restaurant had some extreme highs and some middling points. 

The highs:

-House made cinnamon whiskey and the whiskey apple.....I don't even like whiskey and I love this!
-Our waiter, Tommy, was awesome, helpful, and honest
-Brisket biscuit..... tiny, but packed a lot of flavor, the meat was tender and the sauce was tangy...just delicious.
-Broccoli carbonara....not healthy in the least.... so delicious, creamy and cheesy sauce over perfectly cooked broccoli. 
-Apple caramel upside down cake - this cake is phenomenal.... the perfect amount of sweetness and the pairing of the pistachio ice cream is just wonderful. 
-Popcorn grits....extremely tasty, Definitely will get this as a side next time (got it with the pork this time). 


The Middling points: 

-We were seated right next to the door to the restaurant on the patio, which was ok....but it was a very high traffic area next to the waiting area/lounge thing and it was cold out and this particular table was not near a heater or a fire....not awesome. (and yes, we made reservations a week ahead of time)
- The pork entree was pretty mediocre....pork should be extremely delicious, but this pork was just lacking flavor. The portion size was big, but that doesn't matter if it's not something you really would like to eat. 
-The goodnight kiss drink was just alright....it had chantilly cream in it, which sounded amazing, but in reality made the drink just a bit too thick and heavy to be very enjoyable. 


Overall, the night was nice, the food was good, and I would definitely return, but next time I might stick with sides, apps, drinks, and desserts (with an emphasis on dessert...yum).
This is a nice spot with a wonderful outdoor/patio area.
We ate outside and it was a wonderful experience.
They have a very nice inside eating area too.

Great place for a date or special evening out.

Our server was great and most food items were very good.
Trie 8 different plates among the 3 of us and the only weak plate was the shrimp appetizer. Rarely order a steak, but the ribeye was the highlight of the meal.

It's a bit expensive, but a very nice restaurant.
Definitely need a reservation for the weekends.
Looking forward to my next visit!
Everything about this experience was so spot-on. Every single person on staff was friendly, warm, and helpful. The food was perfection: creative, tasty, unpretentious. Both the indoor and outdoor seating is gorgeous and heavy on the ambiance (in a good way). 
We started with the lamb&foie gras meatballs (oh, how far I've fallen from meatless diet) and the brisket + biscuit (I'm a sucker for a good rhyme). Both were incredible, and turned out to be a fair indication of what was to follow. Collectively, we ordered the streak, the lamb pasta, and the scallops. SCALLOPS FTW. Everything was beautiful and tasty, but the scallops really took it home. 
As for drinks, don't leave here without trying their house made cinnamon whiskey. My parents loved it so much that they're still drunk as I type this. Additionally, I ordered a Pimms Mule and my mom had a Cosmo, both of which were expertly crafted and delicious. 
If you're in Scottsdale and looking for an intimate setting with exquisite food, don't hesitate to make a reservation here (but seriously, make a reservation because this place is always poppin').
I loved this place in a recent visit to Scottsdale. A smooth, sexy vibe with a sleek, well managed environment and menu. I loved the Foie Gras with eel, the scottish salmon, and the Goodnight Kiss after an excellent meal. We tried half a dozen appetizers including duck confit and lobster roll and all were excellent. Party of about 20 but they handled us all very, very well.
This restaurant find made our day.  We just walked in to this appealing looking restaurant and found the best of surprises.  From the beginning, the service couldn't have been better, hostess, waiter, busboys.  Then the food: kale salad, brussels sprout salad, smoked burrata, lamb pasta, and scallops.  The burrata was the only thing that seemed as if something was missing.  Not much smoky flavor, and without that the cheese was just cheese.  But the other dishes were great, especially the scallops, not something I expected to find and enjoy so much in the middle of the desert.  Overall, a great experience, great food and great service.  Would recommend this place to everyone.
Sat outside with another couple and had a great dinner! Little pricey, but the quality of food was good. I love to share plates and this place is great for that!
What an incredibly gorgeous place to spend an evening:  sitting outside on the patio, surrounded by twinkling lights, underneath a massive redwood tree.  The ambiance could not have been better (full moon didn't hurt), but add in the stellar service and the incredible food and this might be my favorite new "nice place" to dine.  This is not an inexpensive place to eat, but worth every penny.  In particular, I recommend the steak tartare appetizer, the scallop entree, and the side of basil and brie smashed potatoes.
The House has a beautiful patio with a great atmosphere, perfect for date nights! The food was very delicious and rich. Our server Anne was very helpful and easy going. The only thing that was unexpected was that our food was ''auctioned off'' and with the price of the food at this restaurant, that shouldn't be happening.
After trying to get a table at "The Misson" it was suggested we try "The House," their sister restaurant several blocks away. Wow! What an incredible waste of $200!  The only saving grace was the company of great friends that we hadn't seen in four years.  The atmosphere and service was excellent, which is why I feel it deserves at least one star.  The food? After all the rave reviews I'm thinking maybe the executive chef had the evening off.......

For starters we shared:
Berkshire Pork Belly
Duck Confit Meatballs w/ Foie Gras
Bone Marrow 
We could have skipped all of these!

Dinner:
Lamb Bolognese, ok, but tasted no mint, lemon or marscapone
Seared Diver Scallops, of which there were three 
Roasted Jidori Chicken, so dry it turned to sawdust in your mouth - yuk!
Berkshire Pork Ribs, the only thing that was plentiful and tasty (never mind one side of the rib was undercooked!)

All the fancy buzz words used to describe the dishes on the menu I think were there to impress as almost everything was truly one-dimensional and underwhelming!  The loud overhead, hip-hop music was so inappropriate - you would think in a cozy, romantic, intimate environment the selection would be a little more subdued.

Never again!
Eaten here twice and exquisite each time.  I did not originally intend to order the hamburger for lunch but it was the best I have ever eaten.  Earlier had fish for dinner.   Each instance a superb meal.
Enjoyed a wonderful anniversary dinner last night on the patio. I think the thing I was most impressed with is the fact that there were several LARGE parties--like 10-15 tops--and the restaurant handled it with ease! The kitchen wasn't ridiculously backed up. The servers weren't harried and terse with other guests. In fact, 2 of those large parties were prom kids and I was very impressed with how the staff handled it all. Certain Italian restaurants in downtown Phoenix **cough cough**CIBO **cough cough** should come take note on how to handle large crowds while still treating all guests like they are important. 

The food was spot on. We started with the smoked burratta for an appetizer. Creamy, silky, heavenly cheese topped with smoked leeks and truffle oil...what's not to love? I had the kale salad and husband had the Italian farro salad. Both were delicious, not overly dressed, and chilled. Love that. For entrees, I enjoyed the Jidori Chicken which was PERFECT. It was not overcooked or overseasoned and I love the frenched bone in. Wonderful. My husband had the Creekstone filet. He likes his steak well done and House Brasserie did not disappoint. For dessert, we shared the apple upside down cake. The pistachio ice cream really made the dish...the cake itself was just kind of meh....the ice cream definitely saved it. 

The patio is BEAUTIFUL with lots of space and I highly recommend requesting outdoor seating if possible. 

While this is a "special occasion" priced place, we will definitely keep this one in our repertoire of places to visit again SOON!
One of the most charming restaurants I've ever been too with a powerhouse, creative menu!  We sat outside under a giant canopied tree with standing lamps, candles, a warm breeze right at sunset.  Beyond the cozy setting, the food was simply delicious. I enjoyed the lamb bolognese which was perfect for spring. That paired with Stag Leap Petit Syrah was just perfection. I will be back when I return to Scottsdale next month!
I was really looking forward to my lunch date with The House, after all I love the Mission.  However, our meals really lacked WOW factor-- for the prices it should be impressive.  In a group of six no one ooooed or awwwed over the meal and one had to be sent back.   We had the lemon curd cake but the blackberries were to seedy and affected the overall texture of the cake. The apple upside down cake was better but not amazing.  Our service was average and then they ran the wrong amount on the credit cards so it took a bit of fixing on the tab. Not sure, if I will do a dinner date at these prices.
God I love this place! Old school cocktails, beautifully prepared and tasty food and the perfect Old Town Scottsdale Location. Eat at the bar and watch the masters of mixology at work. You're seriously going to think you're in San Francisco when you dine at this gem!
One of the best new restaurants I've been to in a while. A converted 1940s-ish Scottsdale home, this place has the Best ambiance--especially the outdoor patio. The brisket appetizer is amazing. I had the scallops for the entree and it was fantastic. Can't wait to return!
One of the best new restaurants I've been to in a while. A converted 1940s-ish Scottsdale home, this place has the Best ambiance--especially the outdoor patio. The brisket appetizer is amazing. I had the scallops for the entree and it was fantastic. Can't wait to return!
Great food, ambiance and service. Oh and don't forget the cocktails. Really enjoyed the beef brisket biscuit and the jerk chicken. Kale salad was tasty too. My only complaint is on the cheese plate, the piece of cheese + bread was pricey for the amount you receive. Our waitress was wonderful and I'm sorry I don't remember her name. She gave great suggestions and spaced our food delivery out wonderfully. Will go back soon.
So my girlfriend and I decided to go out for girls night and check out this new spot for dinner. We had no idea what to expect as we had never seen the place before, but we knew it had to be good if it was anything like the mission. Well it was so much more than that! It was the cutest little place set in an old historic house with a charming candelight patio and the hugest tree I had ever seen sprawling over the place! 

We were greated and told a bit about the menu and drinks after we were sat outside in front of the lovely old fireplace. I chose the watermelon cooler and my friend went with a margarita of some kind. OMG those drinks were to die for!!! the watermelon cooler was so so good and I could have drank that all night! We then decided to share a few things for small plates. We ordered the brisket biscut which just melted in your mouth and was packed with flavor! We then had the crab dip which was absolutely delicious and creamy and the bread was toasted to perfection. Then our absolute favorite was the duck confit meatballs. These were thee best meatballs ever! Crispy on the outside soft on the inside and there was a serious explosion of flavors that I cannot even describe!

It was so good we went for brunch the next day and let me tell you that was amazing as well. Do yourself a favor and treat your palate at the House Brasserie!
My husband and I have been a huge fan of The Mission, the sister restaurant to The House. We decided to spend our anniversary at The House. What a beautiful place! We told them of our special occasion and they sat us at the outdoor fireplace. Our service from the second we walked up to the property was fantastic! The drinks are delicious and so was the food! We had a shared plate, the brisket on a biscuit and we both had the filet for our main course. Everything was spot on! It's a casual atmosphere and very low key... The food is upscale and wonderfully prepared. Prices are reasonable too. Hidden gem. Great place! We look forward to dining here again!
If I could, I'd give 4.5 stars.  We celebrated our anniversary here this past weekend.  

The restaurant itself is extremely charming and in cooler temperatures, the patio is probably a wonderful place to enjoy a meal.  

Do not miss the craft cocktails.  They are interesting, unique, and tasty.  

We shared the brisket on a biscuit and the crab fondue.  The brisket was phenomenal.  The fondue was tasty as well but it did tasty unfortunately fishy.  

The filet was perfectly prepared and the brie and basil fingerling potatoes were delicious.  My husband's lamb was enjoyable but he was disappointed to find that the kitchen had substituted peas for fava beans.  He let the waiter know and they were kind enough to buy us dessert.  

Our waiter was charming, friendly and appropriately attentive.  

I will definitely return.
Never disappointed!  Menu is unique and hard to pick just one dish to try.  A must do in Scottsdale.
Outstanding!  Wonderful food, cocktails, and service!  My husband and I frequently dine and enjoy trying local places and we are so pleased that we came here.  The server was great and when we were seated he was honest and told us we could order cocktails and relax a little so the kitchen could catch up!  We went for a relaxing evening and that definitely started it - he offered great input for various items on the menu based on what we said we like.  The food was top notch - fresh scallops cooked to perfection, and the chicken gidori was delicious.  We shared an upside down cake with pistachio ice-cream, yummy.  All courses were great and the price was very reasonable for the food we received.  The ambiance was cozy and sophisticated.  We highly recommend trying this - we will go back !
The House Brasserie was amazing. Todd and Tommy were our waiters and they were so nice and very helpful in every way. We were there this past weekend for a bacherlorette weekend and the food was amazing. We ordered sevewral dishes and split everything. A few of our favorites were the brisket and biscuit, the duck meatball, the country pork rib, the halibut, the grits, the broccolli. They even gave us a free bottle of champagne to celebrate the night. The atmosphere was so cute and fun. We would definitely come back again!!!
Let me clarify, we didn't actually eat. We went here on our way to a show... . We didn't have reservations admittedly, but let the wait staff at the door know that we were on our way to a show and just needed to know if we could  be sat in time. Rather than giving an answer they kept saying they were waiting on menus. They clearly didn't want to serve us, they indicated that we could eat in the bar but then didn't provide any service there.
I walked away feeling like the staff were very elitist and the experience put a damper on our night out.
Oh Holy Deliciousness!  This charming little place has made it to my favorites list with just one visit! The atmosphere is lively and comfortable as well as romantic and a little elegant. Think candlelit dining room and bar, chandeliers, and comfy chairs. There is a nice outdoor dining patio as well. We had dinner at the bar which we enjoyed even better than if we had a table in the dining room. The customer service from the minute you walk in the door was phenomenal! The bartenders were very knowledgeable in their trade as well as the restaurant's menu items. Keith was a master at directing us on the house specialties for drinks as well as food.  For the meal itself, we decided to do several of the small plates rather than two entrees. 

Our meal: 
Buratta with truffle oil - delishly rich
Pork Belly with Kimchi and udon noodle - the combination of flavors was amazing
Short Ribs on a biscuit - (yes, we had pork belly and biscuits in the same sitting - don't judge!) this dish was devine
Apple upside down cake with pistachio ice cream - my husband says this is the best dessert he's had in a while

I can't wait to go back for some of the items I didn't get to....we'll opt for the bar again, it was so much more fun!
In love with the French atmosphere, disappointed with the food. Many dishes too salty and overrated by the staff. Hard to eat healthy here. The menu is all over the place.
i was looking for a comfortable yet delicious place to take the boyfriend for his birthday and the friend recommended the house. i'm soooo glad that we came here! not only is it ridiculously charming and romantic, this place can seriously serve up some delicious dishes!

for starters we had the berkshire pork belly with kimchee/udon noodles/fried egg as well as the steak tartare with fries dusted with a spice rub and avocado mousse. the pork belly was super tender and juicy with a bit of sweetness which perfectly offset the vinegar tinge of the kimchee. i loved the udon and i'm a sucker for a fried egg on top of anything so i was in heaven. the steak tartare was prepared perfectly with a great citrus taste that worked with the avocado mousse. the fries kicked ass. i mean, c'mon, who doesn't love fries?

the waiter was extremely attentive and had a whole host of great recommendations when it came to the entrees and drinks. we ordered the seared diver scallops and the pork country rib. let me warn you, the portion on the pork country rib is HUGE. i wasn't even able to finish half of it and took it home (which made a badass breakfast in the morning). the seared diver scallops were buttery and melted in your mouth. 

we topped off dinner with the apple upside down cake with pistachio ice cream. holy crap that was freaking great! the perfect end to a perfect meal.

thank you, the house brasserie, for making my boyfriend's dinner fantastic and extremely enjoyable. we will definitely be back for dinner and will have to check out brunch on your dog friendly patio :).
Very romantic, great patio, great food. The Whiskey River cocktail is amazing - I can't stop thinking about it.
Amazing great food. A quaint location that's intimate and cozy. The dishes are a little pricey but, worth the splurge
Unbelievable service and the food  was amazing!
After hitting up The Mission (and loving it) and being told about this sister restaurant, we decided to check it out on our last night in Scottsdale. It was delicious, the service was excellent and I definitely recommend it although I do like The Mission better.

The star dish of the night was the halibut. Amazing. Hubby ordered it and I was kicking myself for not getting it too. It had the perfect balance of textures and flavors. The halibut was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy sear on the outside. Underneath was a blend of all sorts of things - clams, beans, greens, and the plate was drizzled with balsamic syrup (or something similar) and topped with fried capers. All the flavors really worked together - little bit of sweet, salty, briny, vinegary. It was the best dish we ordered. The duck confit meatballs with fois gras I ordered were good but the fois gras flavor got lost in the sweet and sour sauce. And I wish there was more white bean purée underneath because it was so delicious. I also got the date and arugula salad with Gorgonzola. It was ok, but nothing special. The duck confit buns were delicious and spicy. Too spicy for my 5 year old and I wish our server had told us that there would be a spicy sauce on it otherwise we wouldn't have ordered it for him. He couldn't finish them, so hubby and I did. Our server made up for it by comping us a dessert which was very thoughtful. We ordered our son a side of krinkle fries which were excellent. We also ordered the homemade sweet butter and bread. The butter was divine, it just melted in your mouth and tasted so good spread on the variety of breads offered. My favorite bread was the olive and walnut. Hubby also ordered a side of potatoes with melted Brie and pesto. He loved it, I thought it was just ok. Not my flavor profile and the potatoes were soft, not crisp.

Desserts were just ok. There were only 3 to choose from: chocolate bandino with homemade marshmallow and salted peanuts, buttermilk blueberry crumb cake, and an apple almond cake with pistachio ice cream. We ended up ordering 2 chocolate bandino's, and 1 apple almond cake. The chocolate bandino (basically a thick chocolate pudding) was way too sweet. And the marshmallow put the sweetness over the top. I needed a salted peanut in every bite to balance how sweet it was but you only got maybe 5 peanuts. My son didn't like it at all (and it's chocolate!). The apple almond cake was on the house (prob because of the duck confit buns that were too spicy for my son) and I thought it was just ok as well. There was just nothing special about it that stood out. I thought it was overly sweet as well. The desserts we ordered had no balance of flavors. Everything was just sweet, sweet and more sweet. I should have ordered the buttermilk blueberry crumb cake! Maybe that would have been more promising.

There were many other items on the menu that I wanted to try. I definitely recommend this place. The quality of ingredients were superb and there were a variety of items on the menu to order. Our server was excellent overall. He chatted with us, was very attentive and gave us his recommendations. 

If you are ever in Scottsdale, check out The Mission first, then come here for a more upscale french influenced meal.
My girlfriend & I have walked by this place a few times & have commented on how good it smells. I finally took her there for her birthday and they definitely didn't disappoint. The food was amazing, fresh ingredients and full of flavor. The staff was courteous, knowledgeable of the menu and professional. This is the first restaurant in the Phoenix area that has reminded me of eating in San Francisco. Needless to say my girlfriend & I love this place. Make sure you try the Irish Coffee!
Wonderful meal!  Very friendly, approachable and knowledgeable staff made our night even more enjoyable.  We started at the bar with a cocktail and the charcuterie sampler before moving into the dining room for our dinner.  Both salads we had were very tasty (the Brussel Sprout Salad edged out the Black Kale Salad in my opinion) as well as all three meals we ordered (Lamb Ragout, Diver Scallops and Filet).  While I didn't have the Irish Coffee, the people I were with raved about it.  

Compared to Zinc Bistro, their sister restaurant, The House Brasserie was considerably better!
I popped in previously to book a group for a work meeting, but had never eaten there. Even though my managers decided to eat elsewhere, the customer service left a positive impression. The hostess greeted me by opening the door and a manger walked me through his favorite menu items. 

I returned tonight to have appetizers and drinks with my dad and loved it. We sat inside at the bar, which was crowded, but Heather, our server, and Ryan, the manager, took great care of us. They knew the menu well, could explain the wines in depth, and treated us to some yummy desserts! The shrimp appetizer plate, date and espresso cookies, goat cheese cake, and glorified s'mores were all amazing. Definitely coming back!!
This place is fantastic, been there twice and going again today.  The brunch   selections are perfect, service  is amazing and the decor is beautiful.
This is an awesome gem right in Old Town!  It is located in an hold house.  The inside is very elegant.  I've eaten here twice. Once for brunch and once for dinner.  For brunch I had an outstanding homemade crepe.  For dinner,   I ate the brisket and biscuit and it was A+!   One of my new fav places!  The also have a large patio seating area!!!
Warning! Had the foie grass dish. Worst ever. Do not order this. Asked to have it redone and they brought the same platter. Do not order. This is junk.
I was looking forward to trying the house. I'm a big fan of the Mission! 
The atmosphere and deco get an easy 5 stars, such a cute little place. I wish it was cool enough to sit at the patio. But in August... we sat at the bar. 
The service was friendly but sometimes over friendly...in an awkward way. But really the food was just okay, nothing special. we had the smoked burrata and the ricotta on a toast, both were okay. the presentation was very nice, flavors were good but nothing that makes you want to lick the bowl. For main course I had the fish and he had the chicken jidori. My flavors were good but for him , the dish was too small. For dessert we had the goat cheese cake, really good and very interesting combination of flavors. Overall good! but nothing that made me want to go back.
Recently visited Scottsdale and stumbled upon this jewel of a restaurant off the beaten path. It was so inviting from the street that we HAD to stop; little house under big beautiful trees, twinkling lights, outside patio with table lamps becconing us in. It was so warm at night that an outdoor table under the trees was perfect. The music was a nice, down-tempo house variety which set a great summer mood. We ordered food to share... brussel sprout salad, smashed fingerlings with basil and a pork dish. I have to say that with the same owners and chefs as the Mission, the food tends to be over thought a tad pretentious. The sides were simple and great but the main dish was all over the place in terms of it's flavor profile...in other words no cohesion.  The dining room and restroom are gorgeous and make for one really romantic night out and definitely worth a visit. I would recommend though, that one select the uncomplicated dishes because when they keep it simple, the food is fantastic.
Finally able to try the House restaurant.  It has a very sophisticated atmosphere where you can enjoy a relaxing night out with your guest or friends. You are not rushed through dinner and have adequate time between courses.  The service and knowledge of the waitstaff was excellent.   

The restaurant is a a bit pricey so it is definitely a special occasion time of place.  For starters we had the shrimp with roast corn and Arizona ricotta toast, Creekstone filet and Halibut as the entrees and for dessert we tried the caramel apple cake and goat cheese cake.  Everything was cooked perfectly with wonderful combination of flavors in all dishes. A great dining experience.
Great venue- interesting and delightful food, quality wine list and top notch service.
After our third attempt for dinner at House Brasserie, the Hubs and I finally completed our mission for date night at the new spot this past Saturday.  We called the night before, and were fortunate enough to get their very last reservation for the night at the high-top table in the bar.  As our wonderful waitress informed us, we were sitting at the best table in the house and I can confidently say I agree.  Parking was a bit tricky, but once we walked in I was more than pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant itself is very romantic with great lighting and interesting decor, especially in the bar area.  Our waitress took the time to tell us about the amazing house that is now the restaurant, and it made me appreciate the experience that much more.

As far as the food/drinks go, this place isn't cheap by any means.  The prices are worth it though (for the most part).  I had the watermelon cooler, which was refreshing and interesting - I would probably try something else next time, but all in all it was good.  The best things we ate were the brisket and biscuit and the goat cheese cheesecake.  HOLY SMOKES!  Those two things were close your eyes and have a moment good - even three days later I am still thinking about them.  A must for sure.  The biggest miss we had was the shrimp with sweet corn.  Just didn't taste too great and it wasn't anything special like the brisket and cheesecake.  We shared the lamb pasta and duck confit meatballs.  I felt like these were pretty good, but didn't blow me away like the previously mentioned items.

So thankful we finally made it to House.  We love the Mission and are equally pleased with House.  The service was fab as was the food, so in my humble opinion this spot is a homerun!
Love this place!!
Absolutely Amazing appetizers & ambience! Service is great & staff is friendly!
One thing is entrees are not as incredible as appetizers
Totally recommend this place
This is my first Yelp review.  The House Brasserie was one of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time.  I had a group of 15 people for a birthday party this past Saturday night.  I called for a reservation a month ago and reached one of the owners- Brian.  He was extremely helpful.  The food was very good and excellently prepared.  I could go on and on, but by reading the menu you can see how inventive some of the dishes are.  In addition to the great food (and drinks) the service was fantastic.  Many times in a larger group either the food or the service fall short and sometimes both.  This was not the case at all- everyone enjoyed their meal and the service and I am excited to return again.
Great atmosphere!  Good food but a few complaints. There were 4 of us and when they brought the food the various servers didn't know who had what, which I thought,  for the price was not good. When the waiter asked my husband who had the filet, my husband told the waiter that we both had it, the waiter then placed the first filet in front of my husband.  My husband then gave me that plate. Wouldn't  you serve ladies first, especially since it was another minute or so until the next one came out???...then the food was barely warm. Don't get me wrong,  I would return,  but I thought for $350 for 4 people it could have been a bit better.
Nice creative menu in a beautiful setting. Great cheese plate and more
Fantastic Bar...great ambiance....awesome drinks... Cordial staff.  I tried their cinnamon infused whiskey and their beers and they are fantastic. They have duval on tap!
I didn't have any food but heard good things about it. 
The ambiance is incredibly inviting and cozy. They have a nice fireplace in the back patio.
After being a HUGE fan of the Mission I decided to try this place out seeing that it's owned by the same owners even though I was very skeptical that it could possibly be as great. To my surprise it lived up to what others had told me. The ambiance was amazing. Very much like the mission. Candles light up the entire place. The outside patio is quite large and there is a lot of seating available. The staff was great and very helpful with making suggestions on the menu. My favorite items on the menu are the scallops and the Apple caramel upside down cake. They were cooked to perfection and melt in your mouth. They have a great wine list and its a perfect setting to enjoy a few glasses of wine:) This is a great date night spot that I recommend it now to all my friends.
After hearing so many great things I brought an out of town colleague for dinner. Unfortunately our experience was soso. I knew it would not be an inexpensive dinner but I was disappointed to pay 36$ for an entre and not be wowed. My fish was good but not amazing. My friends salmon special was a bit dry. The bright spot was the bread board and the drinks. And of course the patio. The staff was nice but a bit over coached. I like a genuine atmosphere. Maybe we will try some drinks and appetizers next time and skip the entree.
Met friends here last night for our second enjoyable dining experience at this fine dining establishment.  This time we chose to eat inside, although the outdoor area is lovely, albeit due to the somewhat confined area, we had noted the tables to be somewhat small in accommodating everyone's plates, water and wine glasses during the main course.

It was the first time for the couple we had joined us and they were very pleased with our selection, except for the lack of valet service I'd assured them The House provided as they had last time. My husband and I had lucked out by getting the last spot in the small parking lot but in downtown Scottsdale at prime dining hour on a Saturday night, spots are not easy to come by. Apparently, there's a little known lot around the corner in which patrons can park but it would help to be made aware of this at time of reservations/confirmation. 

In any event, we sat directly across from the kitchen but were pleased to see - and hear - that not only was it not noisy, but how efficiently orders were placed (with attention to detail as my husband and I heard while awaiting our friends arrival) - and then picked up for delivery to the tables. Our own selections were well prepared to our specifications with the appropriate amounts of time between seating, ordering and courses being brought to the table. My husband and I both enjoyed the arugula salad followed by chicken atop risotto - at first we thought the entree looked small and regretted not having ordered a side dish but it turned out to be plentiful and succulent. Our friend is wine enthusiast so we deferred to him for our wine selections and were pleased with his choices.  

Aside from the presentation and preparation, the staff was attentive, accommodating and friendly.  Truly made for an excellent dining experience.
I went to the house tonight to celebrate my birthday with my girlfriend and our experience was incredible! Our server, Tommy, had great recommendations and really knew about the the menu and even picked out the perfect birthday dessert! The duck confit meatballs, scallops, and brisket were amazing! Jimmy, the manager, came by frequently to make sure everything was going well and after dinner we stopped by the bar for an after dinner drink and Billy created some great cocktails for us! We couldn't have had a better night!
I have been here twice and had great experiences both times. My sister in laws took me here for my bday earlier this year and we had a great girls night here. Fun dishes and drinks in a cozy atmosphere and of course close to old town so plenty of bars nearby for after dinner. Second time came here just sat at the bar for drinks and they had a good selection and the bar tender was able to make some speciality drinks for us
Always great service and delicious food! The bartenders here are TRUE mixologists!

Heather and Tommy are both incredible servers, knowledgable of the cocktail, wine and food menus. They will never hesitate to acquiesce any request, and they are sincerely two of the funniest servers that I have ever met. I enjoy every time I come to The House and they take care of me!

FYI- Steak tartare, foie gras, and scallops are incredible.
By far the cutest place I've been in scottsdale. I took my bf here for his birthday and had requested a romantic table-they definitely did not disappoint! We were seated in front of the fireplace on the patio.

We ordered Pinot Grigio and he had some of the cinnamon whiskey they make in house (they do not sell it by the bottle, so you can only enjoy it in the restaurant), he loved it! For appetizers I would definitely recommend the ricotta and radish bruschetta, it is so creamy and the flavors flow so well together. I ordered the scallops for dinner and he had the filet, both were aesthetically pleasing and extremely DELICIOUS to say the least. For dessert, he was served a deconstructed cheesecake with sparklers on the side which was different than any dessert we'd ever had before.

The ambiance, service, and food were all top notch. I would tell anyone to go here if they want to have an amazing night.
This place is awesome hands down the best place to go to in old town for anything great food they make me look good I'm a cab driver when I recommend this place to people they call me thanks that place was great we love it
I adore this place. Food is always consistently great and the bar manager is always a great source of new whiskey suggestions. The outside patio area is cute and the inside is nice and cozy.
Perfect!  Great food, great ambiance, great drinks. My only complaint is that people seem to be catching on and it is getting busy.
Some of the most friendly and knowledgable service I've had in a while! The food was all delicious. Rich and on the salty side but interesting and unique!
This place really hit the spot! My girlfriend and I yelped it and were not disappointed by the 4.5 star review. 

We tried 4 appetizers. The Udon noodle and Biscuit brisket w white cheddar were tops. Food was outstanding. 

The service, decor, ambiance, and quality were all top notch. The best part of all? The drink menu. Try em all!
Really Good Food! Plain a simple. A bit pricey but worth every penny. Great service, great specials.
one word...amazing!!!!
Great service and menu. We were especially drawn to the atmosphere and history behind the house. If you haven't been yet it's highly recommended.
Yummy! Loved the bartender. Loved the food (chef trained at French Laundry). Great ambiance. If your looking for history this is your spot house built in '37.
Lovely, rich food, adorable atmosphere, spotty service and prices that are about a third more than they should be.  If you're trying to wow a date, or just have drinks, this is a great place.  For dinner, for the money, you might be able to do better.

I've been to two parties here, and it looks really impressive.  The atmosphere alone is worth the trip for a special date night.  

I've tasted/ordered many of the dishes.  They were all delicious and well made, rich but not too heavy and in perfect portions.  However, the dishes are quite pricey, and, in my opinion, not quite remarkable enough to merit it.  I think there are plenty of fine restaurants that charge a little less and wow a little more.  

The service is, well, odd.  The hostesses and bar tenders seem nice.  However, I noticed that asking even simple questions sent the servers back to the kitchen to check - when I was a server, that was pretty rare, and they had almost the same menu many months apart, so constant changes weren't to blame.  The first time, the server was nice.  The second time, the lady was just bordering on rude, and bizzarely insistent that the salad I ordered contained no avocado (even though the menu expressly listed it).  In a place that charges so much, I would have expected polite, knowledgable staff.
NEVER AGAIN!!!  I don't know where to start with this.  7 months ago I went here for my 3rd visit (I was talked into it) and after that visit, I vowed never to return.  But, I was talked into going again with a group of 6 of us on New Years eve for an early 6:30pm dinner.  We had requested an outside, round table, so everyone could chat with each other.  They didn't even consider our reservation request, instead they seated us in the back corner, by an open door that was used by waiters to come in and out in order for them to get food out.  I sat right under a large music speaker, and asked our very curt and rude waitress if she could turn the music down just a little, as I was having trouble hearing the people at the end of the table.  I was shocked when she very rudely came back at me with, "the volume on the speakers are set at what the owner believes is the correct level".  I was shocked, and then pissed off.  When one of our guests asked if they had just a plain mixed green salad he could order (he has dietary restrictions), this patronizing witch of a waitress leaned over to this elderly man, ran her hand down the salad side of the menu, and said, "this is the menu, and this is all we are serving".  I was astonished at her arrogance.  This was just a question from a patron and she was talking down to him?  Anyway, this place is just too rude, the food is average to below average, you are packed in too tight at your tables, it is very, very loud, prices high (our dinner was $90 per person including tip, which they automatically included because of 6 people.  That really pissed me off, I would not have given this very rude waiter ANYTHING as a way of telling her to get off her high horse).  The place is just not worth it, you will not enjoy it, and the frustration level will rise.
When I went out to get my car (mandatory valet parking at $5), two ladies were waiting and asked me how I liked my dinner.  I told them about the experience and they said THEY FELT THEY HAD HAD THE SAME EXACT EXPERIENCE!!  They told me they were from NY City, were used to good food and rude waiters, but this place gave them below average food, and VERY rude waiters.  They said they wished they had never eaten there, and that there NY's eve dinner had been ruined because they could not go anywhere else and get a reservation.  Anyway, please be forewarned, this is what you will get if you go here-I have gotten the same treatment and average food 3 times and that is no charm, it has been completely crossed off the list.  Try Virtu or Atlas Bistro is you want boutique type restaurants in Scottsdale
As a disclaimer, I've had the privilege of meeting many of the people that work here at one of the nearby bars I frequented while I worked on a project in Phoenix.

This place has an awesome front patio, and it's off-the-beaten path so you don't get the street traffic that plagues a lot of other outdoor patios.

On my most recent visit (only my 4th overall), I was here for a roll-off dinner with friends and co-workers as my almost three year stint in Phoenix was coming to a close. We were seated on the outside patio in the corner. The staff promptly came out and greeted us and made sure we were taken care of.

For our group of nine, they put together a great sample platter of appetizers and charcuterie. For dinner I opted for the Lamb Ragout. And for dessert, they again put together an amazing dessert sampler for us.

Needless to say, I am loving this area in Old Town. The food from House and other restaurants in this area are eons better than the other areas in Old Town, namely north and east Old Town. Great food and atmosphere.

All-in-all, this was a wonderful experience with great friends and co-workers, great food, and an awesome staff. Thanks to Tom, Tommy, Renée, Debbie, Heather, Watson, and others for making my farewell dinner such a memorable one! I cannot wait to return.
I just want to say again that I had another exquisite visit to The House. I was invited to a bridal shower on December 29th. The patio could not have been more comfortable or inviting. It truly felt like we were at someone's home. I was so AMAZED at how much I enjoyed the food! I was still so stuffed as I tried to taste more of the shared pork dish (only on Sundays) and it's accompaniments. The service was stellar. I would recommend hosting an event here anytime.
There is a very short list of restaurants that we will bring foodie friends visiting from out of town for a special dinner. After our second meal there, House Brasserie is definitely in the rotation (the others, in case you're curious, are Crudo, Roka Akor and Virtu).

The setting is intimate and the lighting is great. it's not so loud you can't have a conversation, but not so quiet that it lacks energy.

The service is truly top notch. On both occasions out waiter was Tommy. He was attentive, helpful, professional and pleasant. He made great recommendations yet never intrusive. Food came at the right times and temperatures.

On this occasion we dined with a group and tried just about everything on his suggestion. The cheese and meat boards he brought were fantastic appetizers. The scallops were the star entree. The pasta with lamb ragu was also outstanding. As sides the grits, broccoli and gratin potatoes were all done perfectly. Only problem is that we had no room for dessert!

One of the true 5 star spots in Phoenix. Highly recommended.
From the moment you turn into the lot The House Brasserie is a delight. With an atmosphere of casual elegance in a historic Scottsdale landmark a meal here is a treat in every way.

Everything from the appetizers to dessert was made with ingredients so fresh you could taste it. The Smoked Burrata was a simple, elegant start to an incredible experience. The House proves that truly fine ingredients are the only way to begin.

The cheerful, accommodating staff helped us choose from among the plethora of inventive salads, and though everything sounded delicious the Shaved Black Kale Salad was a refreshing, fascinating dish. We followed it up with a Chicken Parmesan sandwich, garnished with smoked tomato, arugula, mozzarella, and basil, and like everything before it was unique and artfully made. A side of scrumptious long stemmed broccoli served in a spicy tomato-basil sauce complimented the sandwich perfectly, and had us convinced we had found a way to make kids eat vegetables.

Of course, a meal this beautiful had to end with dessert, and we finished lunch with the most creative Goat Cheese Cake, a light, sweet, unassuming treat decorated with diced strawberries, lavender honey, and espresso chocolate crumbles. 

I have no reservations about recommending The House to even the pickiest foodies. The decor, the music, the service, and, of course, the food all conspired to make this one of the best meals this side of the Atlantic.
We went to House Brasserie Friday night for a friend's birthday and loved it. The atmosphere is warm, the perfect kind of dim, absolutely charming. We had really nice drinks and the bartender was very accommodating about my requests to change the French 75 - and it was delish.  We had smoked burrata and the Barolo salumi, both were delicious.  Two of us shared a salad, which was good, and I had the filet. I like well-done meat, which is often a problem because it offends the kitchen - not here.  Thank you!!! Everyone lived their entrees (huge ribeye, scallops).  Didn't love the texture of the duck meatballs, but flavor was great. Dessert was yummy - especially the apple upside down cake with pistachio ice cream. That doesn't sound good, but it was amazing! He service was absolutely fantastic (thanks Tommy), too. I cannot wait to return - and sit on the gorgeous patio.
I was really excited to try another of Matt Carter's restaurants because I am a big fan of The Mission and Zinc Bistro. Hopefully the night I visited was an "off" visit or this venture will fall VERY short of the other well established restaurants in this group!

The ambiance is very warm and welcoming, they do have that going for them. The waitress that we had was very disappointing though. Our party had a 9:15PM reservation on a Tuesday night and it was clear she wanted to leave from the moment we arrived. Throughout our meal, we felt so rushed and she was not shy about speeding the service up. They served our entrees to us 5 minutes after we started our appetizer course so we had a million plates on the table, and she asked more than once if we wanted our items wrapped to-go while we were clearly still eating. It was very irritating. She did not ask once throughout the meal how the food tasted. I can easily look past spotty service if the food makes up for it but this was not the case. 

Now for the food: on a side note, we were dining with a vegetarian friend (not a strict one, she eats fish and seafood as well). While I am anything but vegetarian, a well-equipped menu should ALWAYS have a few vegetarian options on hand. Her only option on the menu was a kale salad, which she said was very tasty but based on the limited nature of the menu, I would not recommend this restaurant for vegetarians. Seafood options had bacon and ham incorporated in to the dishes. We ordered two appetizers, the ham hock poutine and warm shrimp. The poutine was the only item we ordered of the night that I honestly enjoyed but the shrimp were bland (even though harissa was supposed to be in the dish!) and the very small type, though that was not specified on the menu. For entrees, we ordered the seared diver scallops, lamb ragout, and we were sent out a compted Pork Country Rib because we were dining with a former employee of a sister restaurant. The best dish was the pork one that we didn't even order, I have no complaints about that one, it was actually quite good. I found the lamb ragout to be lacking in flavor and the scallops were not seared, they were closer to steamed. Our side of crab fried rice was so salty that we couldn't eat more than one bite. After the average food, I was reluctant to order desert. 

It is possible we visited on an off night and it is also possible we ordered all the wrong things but based on our experience, I will be sticking with The Mission.
The decor was amazing and the service was fantastic. The food was absolutely immaculate. The lamb dish was to die for and the chicken was very succulent and had nice sauces. The wild sea bass was cooked to perfection! The appetizers and salads are also very tasty. It was a very good overall experience. I would defiantly like to go back again.
The lamb rage pasta will ruin any pasta I ever order. The meatballs with fois gras was amazing. Overall, our whole meal was perfect. 
The service was also the best I have ever had.
Another impressive accomplishment from the team responsible for The Mission and Zinc Bistro.

In consistent form, House Brasserie is a unique and enjoyable dining experience.  The eclectic light fixtures and wallpaper establish a feel of elegance that is both comfortable and approachable.  The menu delivers creativity and variety with a number of small plates that are perfect for sharing. The cocktail list is fun balancing some familiar classics with a few innovative options as well.

The difference between good and great often lies in the details, and once again those are well attended to at House Brasserie.

Enjoy.
Just WOW again. Came by on foot with my dog and decided to dine at The House for lunch. Again, the patio incredibly comfortable, my dog welcomed with water. My ice tea very good and refreshing, the arugula salad great. Service fantastic from newbie Nicole, and managers Debbie and Watson stopped by to see how everything was. On Debbie's recommendation I had the chicken parmesan sandwich. This is something I would have never considered on my own and it was Amazing. Thank you to The House!
My first visit here was for the annual company holiday party and I'm jonesing to come back! The party was in December around 6pm at night - so when we arrived it was dark. The parking lot for The House Brasserie is actually pretty small, but luckily there is valet parking nearby or if you are really lucky, a spot on the street might be available. My husband and I valet parked then walked to the restaurant. Walking up you really get to take in the whole scene. The patio is lighted beautifully at night and feels very welcoming. (A little history:  The House actually used to be an older house converted into a restaurant, so the front "yard" is the patio, the "driveway" is the parking, and where a covered garage would be is the bathrooms.) 

We were greeted by a hostess and we indicated we were here for the holiday party. She guided us to the back of the patio, where a large canopy was set up with three long tables and plenty of heaters. Everything looked really nice and one of our servers for the evening stopped by for drink orders. Since I looked up the venue before the party, I knew the House was known for its in-house craft cocktails and asked for a menu. She was happy to oblige and came back saying every cocktail is made by hand with fresh ingredients. After mulling it over, I decided on a blueberry and yoghurt liqueur cocktail. After the first sip, I was in heaven. I admit, I almost didn't order it because it had yoghurt liqueur but let me tell you, it made the drink creamy, refreshing, and decadent. I really enjoyed my drink and ordered a few more throughout the evening.

When we finally sat down to start the multi-course meal, our waitress brought out the House Brisket and Biscuit with chili jam and white cheddar. The brisket was tender and juicy with a hint of spice from the jam. Next appetizer was the Jerk Chicken inside lettuce with cashews, banana and grapes. This was one of my favorite appetizers - it was both sweet and savory. I would definitely order this the next time I am back. Next on the list was the Brussel sprout salad. This had olives and parmesan cheese. This was good, but not my favorite. Finally, the actual entrees starting coming out. First was a delicate salmon atop parmesan white beans with artichokes, tomatoes and pistachios. The salmon was cooked to perfect - a little crunchy on the outside but flakey and moist on the inside. Definitely one of the best salmon dishes I've had.  Next, the Roasted Jidori Chicken with risotto was brought out. The chicken was extremely tender and moist but the risotto.... Oh, this was perfection. It was the perfect texture with mushrooms and oh so tasty. The final entrée was the Creekstone Filet with roasted corn. The filet came out about medium and was extremely tender. At this point, I wasn't sure if I could eat any more but it was heavenly... so I did. For dessert, mini salted caramel shakes were served with fresh house baked cookies. 

Overall, the entire multi-course meal was amazing. Being able to try so many items off the menu was pure food heaven and prepped me for when I go back. I will definitely be ordering the jerk chicken appetizers and the salmon with a blueberry yoghurt cocktail. If you are ever in the area, definitely check it out. Even if you aren't, grab a date and make plans! This is one of Scottsdale's restaurants that should not be missed.
First time we went here the service was amazing and the food was great. We sat outside by the fireplace which was very special and romantic. Tonight the food was once again fantastic but the waitress was so so at best. For this price I would expect professional, warm, passionate, and engaged servers. All the support staff was really great. We ordered the $6 coffee which is really good but the waitress would have left it until it was cold if we wouldn't have asked the bus boy to help us. 

Also, if you sit inside be ready to talk over loud and odd music. Also be ready to share your conversation with the patrons on both sides because there is very little room. 

All in all I would still recommend The House Brasserie but it has way more potential than it is delivering.
Oh my goodness, so freaking good!  When we arrived the waitress told us all about the building and the restaurant.  We had a rather large group (10) and they were great with serving us.  If I lived in Scottsdale I would definitely go there again and again!
First time here, brought another couple and the food was good but was overshadowed by poor service from our waiter, who seemed not care about anything. Our waiter showed no enthusiasm when we were seated and didn't mention any specials but told us what they were out of. Three of us had chicken which was good, one had the ribeye which came with what I thought  was a baked potatoes but came with a potato in a small dish which was about 65 percent blue cheese and 35 percent actual potato, I did not like it and when the waiter came around I politely mentioned it and he said, ok and walked away, he made no attempt to offer me something's else or redo the side dish. Later the manager was making the rounds, at this time we were finished with our dinner and she offered to get me another side, which she did about 15 minutes later which was about 30 minutes after we finished our dinner. The dinner was $45 for the steak which was fair at best. 

We ordered coffee and some deserts and the coffee came late and the waiter mumbled something about the coffee maker, my guest wanted a refill on the coffee and the waiter was no where to be found.  

Given our first and only experience here taking some clients out for dinner I would say it greatly disappointed us all. It isn't inexpensive, the food was fair and the service was a 3 out of 10.

Additionally make a reservation earlier in the week became complicated on their end and they called us three times to change things and told us we would get champagne for being so patient with them in trying to book a reservation, we of course did not get champagne, nor did they likely remember they even told us that. One of the calls they made TO us to change the time after they called US they put us on hold.

Based on the other reviews perhaps we just had a lot of bad luck?
My fiance and I came here for Valentine's Day Dinner and it couldn't have been better.

We had a great table on the beautiful patio.

Service was outstanding.  Attentive, kind, and fun.  

The food was incredible.  We ordered appetizers, sides, and entrees, and all of it was delicious.

Be prepared to spend around $150 for a table of 2.  If you can handle that, you'll be very happy you chose to come to The House Brasserie.
I just wasn't feeling it here.  Maybe I've been spoiled by all of the great restaurants in New Orleans lately.  I'm not sure, but The House Brasserie was a disappointment.  It wasn't bad.  It was better than average.  It just didn't meet the expectation build up.

- The service was good, although if the female server touched me one more time, my wife (on Valentine's Day no less) was going to throw down.

- The space was amazing.  Very cool.  Urban gothic.

- Waiting in the parking lot kind of sucked.

- The charcuterie was a la carte, which bummed me out.  I wanted a traditional charcuterie board with the chef selecting what and how much we receive based on our party size.  The salumi was ok.  The smoked burrata was bad (and I love burrata).  The goat cheese was amazing.

- The chef's prepared seared foie gras was good, but the preparation didn't bring out the best in it.  I'm not sure large slices of corn go with fatty duck liver.

- For my main, I got the veal chop.  Medium rare.  It was overcooked at well.  Not a shred of pink or tenderness.  The crust that wasn't burnt was good, but seriously, dry veal is terrible.

- My wife had the short ribs and mashed potatoes.  It was excellent.  Tender and flavorful.
Love. This. Place. This restaurant is just simply perfect. I love the atmosphere (chic), ambiance (cozy), cuisine (modern American) and located off the main street which gives it a more low-key feel. It is a smaller restaurant with a great outdoor patio and amazing decor both inside and out. And don't forget about the oak tree, oldest one around.

House brisket and biscuit was superb. It was rich but extremely flavorful. All of the cocktails are hand-pressed and exquisite. 

Save room for a cup of coffee and if you're going to do that you may as well have some dessert. Coffee is amazing (and dessert). I will be back to try more!

An extreme fan of Chef Matt Carter! You definitely will not be disappointed, the best combo of service and hospitality for all!
Nice part of history...The drink menu is crafted by local bartender Billy Bessinger...try the specials...love the local feel...it's literally a house but dressed up and a great place to hang out.   You must stop by!
Had the house with some good friends and enjoyed the the patio seating.

Tried 6 appetizers and 4 entrees like we were cool, took food home as the was only 4 of us.

The duck buns, the fried rice were really good.

The owner was very cool knew our friends bought us a round on much not needed tequila as we we're already tipsy, but nice night cap...I think...don't really remember much. After that.
Super cute atmosphere - large covered patio with heat lamps and great mood lighting.

The night started out mediocre. We had been sitting at our table for what felt like a long while when some one finally asked if we had been helped. Once they had realized the start to our night was not impressive, they more than made up for it. Our server, Michael, was great and suggested some very yummy options. Before we even got our appetizer he brought out a very light and delicious cheese pastry. We ordered the brisket to start - very good!

Throughout our meal not only was Michael very attentive, but the manager, Watson, had been out a few times to check on us. It always makes you feel good when a manager gives some undivided attention.

Dinner was very delicious - I would recommend the filet. It was cooked perfectly - exactly how we had asked. To top off the awesome meal, both Michael and the manager came back out with a little sample of a dessert cookie and an after dinner liquor. We will definitely be back for future vacations - maybe even once more before we leave to head back home.

Thank you Michael and Watson for the great service and great experience!
Seriously AMAZING. first off, 5 stars for the service she was so sweet and had wonderful reccomendations pertaining to the menu and drinks. She also gave us the history of the building which was really cool and was just all around one of the best servers ive ever had. 

The food also gets 5 stars. The flavors are unique and complex. You feel as if the chef is in that kitchen cooking every dish to impress you. The pork cake (?) Had the perfect amount of crunch and savory flavor paired with a bitter arugula blend for a contrasting flavor pairing. The buretta was soft and creamy and their pomegranate jam is so delish!!! 

The atmosphere makes you feel as if you are on vacation at a little cafe in france. Its really something else. Cant wait to return for dinner on the patio. An extra kudo for finding out that amazing server we had?? It was her first day out of training. That blew me away!
We arrived to the quaint little street just past Old Town and it was immediately charming, lined with attractive businesses and lit by the glow of twinkling lights strung across the lane, with the retro-awesomeness of Valley Ho looming at the end of the street. The parking scenario is not pleasant -there was a  vacant,ghetto-ish valet stand propped haphazardly out into the street. We did a quick driveby just in case regular parking became evident elsewhere, but eventually gave up and returned to valet. It was difficult to tell where we needed to pull up, and then we waited a significant amount of time before finally being greeted by the valet. The valet himself was curt and unfriendly, and when we returned at the end of the night we once again had to wait an interminable amount of time before we were finally able to get our car. Anyway, we meandered past the lovely garden to the hostess stand, where we were greeted and advised that there would be a wait for a patio table. We're not typically picky about where we sit, so we suggested we'd sit inside if they had tables ready? They did, so we did. 

After being seated on a banquette at a 4-top table in close proximity to other diners, our server swung by to say hello. It was pretty obvious from the outset that our server was new - she just didn't quite have the polish that the setting (and prices) set the stage for. She gave us a very short explanation of the restaurant (second oldest house in Scottsdale) and took drink orders. We picked up a little bit more information from the server taking care of the table beside ours, who animatedly launched into a detailed description of some of the history and the concept of the restaurant. It sounded interesting!

Our appetizers came out very quickly : I had just quietly commented to my husband that it made me sad that nice restaurants which are at least slightly French-influenced don't send amuse bouches anymore when ta-da! Out came an Amuse Bouche from the Chef: Cheese Puffs that were delicious. It was very nice and obviously I had to eat my words :) BUT it was weird that they came out after we had recieved and started on our appetizer - it was the first of some strange pacing issues during our visit. amuse bouche = yummy. Now, back to the appetizers! The House Brisket was generally tasty, although the temperature was cold (how is that possible? We had just ordered and it came out so quickly!) and they were difficult to eat - the portions weren't single bites, but they were tough to cut into and divide into smaller bites as everything just sortof pulled apart. The meatballs: When I think duck confit, I think juicy, fatty and flavor packed deliciousness. These were a bit dry, and the sauce was very thin and difficult to sop up to offset the dryness. They tasted okay but were generally a bit disappointing. 

Entrees: My Filet was alright - it was cooked to temperature (medium) properly and the accompanying sauce had nice flavor. The corn on the plate seemed like a bit of a throwaway; I always enjoy sweet corn in summer dishes, but this seemed to just be a filler. My husband's braised pork was amazing - the accompanying apple and grits were just perfect and it was one of my favorite parts of the meal. The Basil and Brie Smashed Potatoes were also a let down - the potatoes themselves were very basic fingerling potatoes with little to no flavor, and they were just smashed a little (I was expecting something a bit more mashed or perhaps crispy) Admittedly, Brie is not my favorite and so I avoided that element of the dish, so perhaps I was missing out on the most important flavor component..

My dessert was delightful - a pear (or apple? I'm pretty sure it was pear) upside down cake that was just so tasty. I'd go back just for that. My husband's chocolate banana budino was okay, but not super exciting. There didn't seem to be any banana to speak of, so it was basically a quality chocolate pudding. 

I had mentioned pacing, our food came out so incredibly quickly, we were actually in and out of the restaurant with three courses in an hour and 15 minutes. I feel a little strange complaining about getting our food quickly, but it just seemed rushed, first with the amuse bouche and appetizers at the same time, and then followed by the rest of the courses hitting us so quickly one after the other. It is the sort of meal you want to linger over, but I felt a bit pushed to finish by the way that it was paced.

The atmosphere was a combination of nice and not-so-nice. They've done a wonderful job of transitioning the house into a beautifully furnished restaurant. . I didn't love the closeness to the other diners, especially the bachelorette parties in front of and beside us that got rowdier as the night wore on (general screechiness and shot-taking does not make for a romantic evening) The club-like music was out of character for the otherwise upscale and serious setting. 

It was weird, maybe we'll try again.
Incredibly unique place to eat in AZ. The food is unbelievable, the service is great, and the ambiance has to be one of the best in the entire state. Outside seating recommended. There is nothing like it. Great music and vibe as well. In my opinion, this is one of the best places to wine and dine, especially for dates and anniversaries. Dinner menu recommended over lunch.
First off, to THB's credit I will say that the place was very busy the night I went (3/14/2014) and the ambiance was amazing. I chose this restaurant solely on the great Yelp reviews, so maybe my particular experience was just an unlucky one. That said...I won't be coming back.

The evening started off kind of shaky. Service was very slow to greet, and we felt like we'd been handed off back and forth between waitstaff from the outset of the meal. Waitress was definitely spread thin, and we felt rushed to put in our full order from the get-go. Personally, I like to eat my appetizers before ordering main dishes, but it seemed like this was not an option. So after waiting about 15 mins after getting our drinks, we were finally able to order. The app was great, we had the Baked St. Andre Cheese. AMAZING but we ran out of bread quickly. We ordered more...but it never came...waited for it but the cheese was getting cold, so we just ate the cheese and cancelled our order. Strike ONE.

We soon received our main dishes, the filet and the scallop entrees respectively. Scallops were great, 10/10. The steak, which we ordered medium rare, was uncooked...not undercooked, but practically BLUE in the middle. We sent it back immediately and got some cheese puffs, the night's amuse bouche, to hold us over. When we got the steak back after a good amount of time, it still wasn't cooked properly, but we were tired of waiting at this point and just decided to deal with it. STRIKE TWO.

Finally, dessert comes and it is a birthday dessert, which was a deconstructed goat cheese cake. I know this is an experimental restaurant, but this was a failed experiment for sure. However, since it was a free dish, and of course everyone's taste is different, I wasn't too upset. 

What did bother me, though, was when a waitress grabbed our UNFINISHED bottle of wine off the table before we could get a word in, and immediately threw it in the trash. We were definitely planning on finishing it or at least taking the corked bottle home. STRIKE THREE.

There was one more thing that bothered me. When I got the check, I saw that we were charged for the cheese puffs sent out by the kitchen when we sent back our undercooked steak. I brought this to the waitress' attention and she quickly removed it, but not before making a remark about how "the first ones are free but additional ones are extra." When I explained that we didn't order them, she rudely interrupted me to remind me that they were indeed removed from the check so it was a non-issue.

Perhaps a one-off bad experience, but in this case; when it rains, it pours.
Sometimes it is not destined to be a positive experience and this is a case of big disappointment.
When you order in advance for a group and sample the menu and what you get is totally different from what you expected, there is something really wrong. Not to mention the small portions and the huge quantities of bread to get you full and the total indifference from the staff - I CAN ONLY SAY THIS THIS PLACE SUCKS AND WE WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN....
It is a nice venue, but a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.
Always amazing!
Old fashioned and manhattan were both delicious and boozy.  Sat at the bar. Ambience both inside and outside were fantastic.  Trees around you and lots of hanging lights.  Inside reminded me of back east 1950s; very elegant and classic.  Service was fantastic as well.
Let me start with the place.

It's a beautiful house with a nice bar, backyard and outside area right in Old Town Scottsdale. Five stars for that. As a curious fact, the restrooms are outside and are small. 

The food was good but nothing memorable. Everything in the porkbelly dish was tasteful except the porkbelly, that's sad. The noodles and egg were a great mix but the meat lack flavor and it was undercoocked from my point of view.

The Dr. Pepper meat with cheese fries was pretty good.

I had the filet and it was uneventful.

Although I have to say that the goat cheese cake was delicious. I would go back just for that.

Coffee was good too.

The service... well, the service was pretty bad. We learned about the special of the day because the table next to us was told (while we were already eating). To get refills was a journey. My friend asked for fresh napkins and she ended up helping herself. Oh well, good news is that there's plenty of room for improvement.

Cheers
I've never heard of this place before and found it on Google Maps. I thought it looked interesting based on previous reviews.

AMBIENCE: The interior was quaint and cozy with excellent subdued lighting, mirrors, candles, etc. and the exterior had some great tables, too. However, we were seated at a table right in front of the kitchen pick up window which had an extremely bright light pointed directly into my eyes. I didn't mind having to wait for a table and at that time, a bunch of other tables opened up minutes after we were seated. I would have preferred a smaller table with at least a candle and would have waited a few more minutes for it.

SERVICE: Our server was very friendly and sweet. I just thought it was odd that she suggested that we order everything at once because big parties would be arriving soon and she didn't want us to wait too long. Huh? And we weren't always asked if we were finished when plates were cleared so it was laughable that we were asked if we wanted more bread only to have 2 small ovals of pretzel bread brought to the table after our plates were gone. While we did order everything at once, we were asked if we were ready for the next round. Ok, what happened to tell me everything you want now so the kitchen won't be overloaded?

FOOD: Our first impression was that we were taken aback by the strange flavor combinations and loose interpretations. The White Bean Gruyere Fondue was more like a shmear with hardly any detectable cheese and yes, it was melted but don't except a pot of melted cheese, which is really what a fondue is vs. what it means. Semantics. The Duck Confit Meatballs were tangy, a little dry, but kind of lost their flavor by being overpowered by the Agridolce. The Dr. Pepper Ham Hock Poutine was definitely NOT a poutine. I guess the Canadian chef wasn't working that night because ours didn't have any cheese curds. Oh, and the potatoes were like Ore-Ida crinkle cut fries. The star was the Foie Gras: perfectly cooked and seasoned. I'm glad we only had appetizers to try out this place as the entrees are really expensive. I got a look at the sea scallops coming out of the kitchen: 3 for $28, methinks not. I can get 2 dozen from Whole Foods for the same price.

While not 5-star, I prefer the more rustic and more reasonably-priced French food of Petite Maison, also in Scottsdale.
Flexible with reservation and the place was packed.  Good atmosphere and diverse crowd.   Menu is amazing with great options for "small plates"/appetizers.  Main courses were also like looking at multiple different nice restaurants. Incredible range that makes me want to go back tommorrow. Reasonably priced food for the quality that's served.   Attentive staff, including the hostess that had the most drinks in the entire place.
Pros=ambiance and service 

Cons=Kitchen ran out of 3 different things we tried ordering.  Way over priced. Micro portions. Food wasn't really that great

All in all save your money and try somewhere else. I won't be back
I have been to House many times for dinner and drinks and it is outstanding to say the least. My wife and I wanted to have a small reception for our friends and family in a unique outdoor setting. House was the PERFECT place. I have been in the bar/restaurant business for over 15 years and this was the easiest planning I have ever done. Service was A+ and Chef Matt Carters food was OUTSTANDING. This is a perfect place to go for a romantic dinner, business lunch, Sat/Sun brunch, or hold a small reception/shower/reunion on their patio. What a great spot all around. If you haven't tried House you are really missing out.
This is our favorite restaurant in town right now!  The food is amazing, atmosphere unique, and the waitstaff is always super attentive, friendly, and knowledgable.  I can say we have experience some delays in getting food out from the kitchen, however the waitstaff has always communicated whatever issues in a timely fashion, and even brought us house-made cinnamon whiskey as a thank you for understanding.  I have had almost every small plate offered and they are all amazing.  Some favorites include the Poutine, Biscuit and Brisket, and the Arizona Ricotta.  We also always get the Popcorn Grits - to DIE for.  The drinks are truly handcrafted concoctions and the wine list is expansive and complete.

The setup of the restaurant is really wonderful.  There is plenty of inside seating with the focal point being a vintage mirrored bar that just screams "sit here, order a drink".  There is also patio seating and some very sexy seating around the fire place.  Additionally they have area for private events.

The bathrooms are super cute and located in a separate small house on the side of the restaurant.  Quirky and fun.

We have also had good luck with finding street parking but they offer a valet for $5.
This place was the absolute nuts. 

Amazing food, several attentive waiters for our table of 15 (which is a big deal because I usually feel like big parties are underserved), well priced wine. 

Potato appetizer was the highlight followed by the pork dish.  

Great place.  Highly recommend it when you want to spend a little something extra for a little something extra.
Used to live in Scottsdale for years...back on spring break with friends.  Heard this was special.  It was off the charts with great covered quiet patio seating, excellent wines, amazing small plates.....black kale salad so good we ordered it again before entrees...scallops just right. Filet done to perfection. Definitely leave the kids home....even teens.  One of best dining experiences I have had.
Great place. Went there for an important date and we had a lot of fun. The wait staff was a lot more fun and personable than I've experienced at restaurants of this caliber. Everything was just perfect - we will be back.
This restaurant was the closest thing to perfect. The staff was so friendly and professional, our waitress was so attentive and fun to talk to. The food was beyond words and you could tell the chef really put a lot of effort and love into making it. I didn't feel like I was eating at just any restaurant, I felt really valued and important.

10/10
You have to be drinking the cool aid if you like this place.  Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is charming and the staff is great (two things that are super important in dining).  But if you want a great meal and a fair price, this is not the place for you.  Portions were TINY in comparison to the PRICE.  Food was okay, nothing to write home about.  

It's funny, at the end of the night my wife and I said "wow, the best thing we tasted were the french fries."  At any rate, after a $350 bill with tip NOT SUPER IMPRESSED.  I would not go back based on that.  If the food was AMAZEBALLS, then maybe, but it wasn't that.  

When I got home I ate a Cliff bar so at least I had something to eat.  Place doesn't work for me, if you want to just blow cash and say you were there then fine.  For a great meal I would (and will be) looking somewhere else.  

Again, no disrespect to the staff, which were very attentive.

Have fun, and Find Your Sizzle

Attorney Steve, the Business and Real Estate Lawyer.

http://www.attorneysteve.net
Amazing food, atmosphere and staff!!! A wonderful experience and I will be back every time I visit the Scottsdale area!
Loved the location and ambiance. Can't say the chef and I share the same taste for spices. Lots of Harissa and an un-identifiable spice on everything from the filet, the steak tartare and simple salad dressing that I didn't love. 

I had the scallops that may have been a tad over-done because they were pretty rubbery. 

Skipped dessert but had great service and a wonderful night overall.
In Scottsdale for business, we wrapped up,our trip at The House.  What a great choice.  We started with foie gras and the cheese apps. My first time with foie gras.  Had to try it, not bad not sure it's for me though.  I had the veal chop.  Other than being slightly overcooked, (asked for med rare, got pretty heavy med). Other than that it was still a pretty darn good veal chop.  Couple others had the scallops which were amazing.  Our other companion had the ribeye, also amazing.  The crab fried rice was fantastic!

I will certainly eat here again when back in town.

Well done!
First of all, the atmosphere of this place is phenomenal. Sitting in the outdoor garden/patio makes you feel removed from all of Arizona and into a rustic countryside inn. I was excited for a great experience as I walked up to my friends who had already been seated. Unfortunately, the food took FOREVER to come out. We finally ate after twiddling our thumbs and repetitive requests about what's going on in the kitchen. Granted, we were a large party but the restaurant was not busy at all on the weekday dinner service. The food was nicely plated but I don't think the taste warranted the wait and price.  Too bad because this would be a perfect date night if the food were actually good. My lamb ragout was passable. I liked the little crostini better than the actual pasta dish.  My friend did say the ribeye was cooked very well and the halibut special got a nod. Manager did come over to apologize and tried to make things right for us which was appreciated.
I was here for a baby shower so I can't speak for the regular menu, but can for the staff and the food we did have. What a great, cute set up they did for the party. We were on the back/side patio and they provided fresh squeezed OJ and champagne for mimosas. The staff were very attentive - to the point where they even came around and put a napkin down on the ground for the girls who had bigger purses. 

For the food, we started with a grilled cheese - but it was fancy! HUGE slices of truffle with gruyere melted in between thick garlicy slices of bread. Then we had a bruschetta that had pistachio pesto and local creamy ricotta cheese. We were also served two salads: one was a very basic salad with a light vinegarette, dates, fresh horseradish and butternut squash. The other was a kale salad with a creamier dressing and some cheeses mixed in (I am particular about how my kale is prepared so I didn't try this even though I should have!). We also had fillet and shrimp skewers which were good but they were really spicy and I am pretty sure it didn't say that on our menu so it was too spicy for some of the girls. To round it all out, we had crepes for dessert with a mint ricotta filling and fresh berries. The was more savory than sweet but it was still yummy.

We then had cake and opened presents and it was all around very sweet and well done by the girls who planned it. Judging by the food, you could tell this place was more up scale, but it would be fun to try it on a date night!
Lovely little cottage turned into a restaurant, with a cute outdoor patio cooled by aircon/fan.  We just wanted some quick apps and a glass of wine in the afternoon while shopping so we sat at the bar.  Turns out their primi menu (apps) is very limited unless you are there for dinner.  we had a couple cheese selections and the salami plate with wine.  the one soft cheese with truffle oil and leeks was pretty nasty (smoked burratta).  but the other cheese was really tasty (goats milk with plum jam, and we had plenty of bread. the salumi plate was good, not off the charts.  Overall, I felt it was pretty expensive.  Probably better experience to come for dinner when the full menu is available. Seems like it would be lovely and romantic with the lights on the patio.
The menu is super exciting. The music sexy.  This would be a 5 star review. The food is effing amazing. I need a moment with my lamb. 
The service, well.....

1. I didn't order wine, please remove my glasses
2. Bubbly & a cocktails shouldn't take long. Did you go to France to get my bubbles? Are you growing the trees for the oranges?  Don't tell me that the bar got busy. The table sat after us got their drinks quickly. And they had wine & a cocktail. Hmmmm 
3. Don't try to give me bread plate to "prepare me for possible slow kitchen".  

Thankfully the excellent food was delivered promptly. Still service is lacking, except for the bus boy. He was prompt.
We made a reservation for this place and arrived on time. We were seated at a little table with a nice intimate seating. 
The service was great. The hostess recommended different options and explained things on the menu, while also answer in our questions. 
We ordered the chicken, the fillet, a Mac and cheese, and then a brisket and biscuit as the appetizer. The food was very tasteful with its different flavor combinations. We also tried the chocolate butino for dessert. 
The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the lighting. I know the presentation was nice, but I couldn't really see it, and couldn't see very well what I was eating. 
Overall this restaurant was a nice place to visit, and I would definitely return.
A very nice find slightly off the beaten path in old town Scottsdale.  In a town overrun by big name steakhouses or wanna be trendsetters, this is an effective demonstration of vintage cuisine.  

Sure, I had the ribeye, but our party of 16 sampled most of what is on the menu.  The foie gras app is excellent (tough to mess that up, I know).  

Next time, I promise to order an entree that is more French!
Fair...nothing special at this restaurant. Wine by the glass is expensive with a limited selection.
This place should go right to the top of your "new places to try" list. Chris and Jeff Galvin, restaurateurs of some note, have launched a two-pronged attack on the Edinburgh dining scene. With the Pompadour, they have fine dining covered, with Michelin aspirations. At Brasserie de Luxe, they have an accessible place (lunch is £15.50 for two courses) that seats 100+. It offers excellent quality and well-judged service, in very smart surroundings. The salmon I ate for my main course was one of the standout dishes of 2012. 

Overall, we said: "I'd strongly recommend that you pay Galvin Brasserie de Luxe a visit, at your earliest opportunity. It really is mightily impressive, with some masterful cooking on show. I look forward to my next visit, as I'm keen to share the place with others, so they can get a dose of pure culinary class."
Following Blythe R's advice and review, before 2012 comes to a close, I decided to try the newly opened Galvin Brasserie de Luxe in the Caledonian Waldorf hotel for lunch. Book online and you get two courses for£15.50. Given this is fine dining, this price was very good value.

I can only echo what Blythe has said. The service was impeccable but not intrusive or pompy. Attentive, smiling, and genuine. Very well looked after. The Brasserie itself is the perfect setting for lunch. Black and white tiled floor, quite bright white lights it feels like a French sea-side café-come-restaurant. A bar with oysters and lobsters displayed inside, you can dine at the bar or in booths or tables. Quite a contrast to the subdued opuluence and hues of tan and cream in the other dining area in the exterior Caledonian lounge.

The only tiny issue is that the menu is very small to choose from. This isn't even a complaint, as we were getting a special menu for a good price. But I'd suggest perhaps asking ahead what the menu may be if you are a particularly fussy eater. I went for the terrine then fried hake. The terrine was divine, absolutely divine, and came with a plentiful side of giant capers, piccalilli and chutney, and a toasted slice of bread. The fried hake was also very well done, although I'm more of a red meat eater than a fish eater when eating out, but given the quantity of terrine that I had, it was a good thing I was eating a light fish.

The coffee I had after wasn't great. Far too strong and bitter. But I'm not judging Galvin Brasserie on the coffee.

This is a fantastic lunch option that I'd highly recommend - I think you simply need to book online. Lavish dining, delicious food and a touch of class for a Thursday afternon.
The two words that sum this place up for me are 'fancy' and 'rich'.

It's a much more 'fancy'  than the type of place I'm used to and very much has an air of fine dining. That said, it's not what I would consider really expensive either.

The menu was a little bit of a challenge with much of it being in French, however I don't necessarily see that as a problem and the staff were more than happy to help. 

As for 'rich', this is basically how I'd describe all the dishes I had. Again, not in a bad way, but just massively rich and full of flavour. Certainly not something I could eat often, and I didn't require much else for the rest of the day either!

My starter of blue cheese salad was liberally covered with a creamy dressing. A good portion with lots of flavour.

Duck and black pudding with a side of mash (I can't remember the proper French name) went down very well as a main. Again it was amazingly rich, which felt like it should have put me off, but it was hard not to clean up the plate.

A pudding of minted chocolate with icecream (I'm sure they had a much more fancy name) finished me off. Again very rich, but clean tasting at the same time (if that makes any sense). 

All in all a great experience, but one I'll wait a while before repeating in order to continue fitting into my clothes!
aw i'm so pleased that my 100th review goes to such a fabulous place!!  Galvin Brasserie de Luxe was my valentines day surprise dinner venue and it was just so perfect.... the food, the wait staff, the atmosphere, the food OMG......

after reading Blythe R's review of this newly re-opened restaurant i had mentioned to the boyfriend that it might be a fabulous place to try.  i have to say he was quite clever because i mentioned this months ago and yet last night this is where he lead me to for dinner.  we were greeted by a very nice host who took our coats and showed us to our table.  the restaurant is fairly large for a fine dining location but i think this relates to the fact is it part of the newly restored waldorf-astoria caledonian hotel.  and even with the size, it felt very french bistro chic with a cosy atmosphere that was accented with soft blues and dark browns and the black and white tiled floor.  we both noted that there was no music, however, instead of a draw back i found this quite pleasing as it allowed us to chat without having to shout over any loud music and the chatter of the tables around us created a really lively environment.

while the restaurant itself is lovely, it's really the food that is the star of the show!  we were offered both an a la carte menu and a valentines day menu, we opted for the later as it was three courses including a kir royale and a coffee with petit fours at the end. (incredibly good value at £39!, but i noticed there was no veggie option so maybe best to check if they could do that for the veggie people out there).

i started with a smoked salmon ravioli over juilenne carrots and radish with a creamy sauce.  i apologise that this description is rather lacking but i can't recall the menu description well and it's not on their website.  but i can assure you that this dish was delicious!  the smoked salmon was offset by the crispy veg that had a slighty asian type of taste and as much as i tried to savour this dish it was sooooooo tasty i sort of just shoved it all in my mouth as quickly as i could while taking sips from a very nice white wine.

next was the mains and we both opted for the duck breast over savoury cabbage with apple.  OMG just OMG really.  the duck was sooooooo tender and juicy with a nice crisp skin that went perfectly with the red cabbage that had a wee bit of spice in it.  and then the apples mmmmmm these were cooked to just slightly soft but still crisp and had a lovely sweetness to go with the cabbage and duck.  we'd also added a side of pomme dauphiosse (apology for the awful spelling) that was heaven in creamy potatoes.  i was only a bit annoyed we opted to share this as it was sooooooooo delicious i probably could have eaten all the potato goodness on my own.

and lastly dessert, if there was any way to end this delectable meal it was with the passionfruit souffle with raspberry coulis.  just... i have no words.  it was amazing.  the souffle just melted in my mouth and the taste of passionfruit was delightlfully strong and punchy and i struggled to savour it as i just wanted to eat it all up immediately.  it was just beautiful, that's the best way to describe it.  i also got a bite of the boy's chocolate mousse which was darkly chocolate-y and very luxurious.  we finished up with an espresso for him and a tea for me and some homemade fudge and pineapple jelly like sweets.

the whole meal was just wow.  the food was AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!  and the service was very prompt without being intrusive or making us feel rushed.  i also really adored the sommelier, who was a lovely french girl that was so sweet and helpful.  the atmosphere felt lovely and it was just a really wonderful fine dining experience.

i cannot recommend this place enough!!! and hope that my boyfriend sees fit to treat me to dinner here again soon :) :)
This place is so pretty from the outside with the wrapping windows and the warm wood tones. One day I finally had time to stop in, and I got a bar table and ordered the tuna. It didn't say appetizer and for 9 I didn't think it would be, but there it came, three small medallions of tuna on some sparse but tasty pickled vegetables. It was really damn good, and I wanted more, but decided against spending 18 for a bit of tuna.  
The staff were very nice.  When they said they could not do a soy latte they were cool about it, and I took a regular one. I was there for about an hour, and they didn't pressure me.  Stay classy Galvin. 
They do have wireless, though they say it is spotty, which is true.
Ta for the tartare

I have eaten here a few times and it is consistently good, slick service and great food.

 Let's start with the decor, it's relatively warming, though a little sterile. Some tables look less welcoming than others, but the best seats in the house are at the u shaped bar. They have a shellfish display there which will make any seafood lover lose control.

I always have the steak tartare, and it is amazing, though if know this isn't for everyone's taste. Last time I went I had the whole plaice, with brown shrimps, which really was special. It was perfectly cooked and slipped off the bone, in a really light oil dressing, with capers, shallots and lemon juice - I'm salivating writing this. 

Service is always totally professional, which is to be expected of a restaurant carrying the name of the Galvin Brothers.

I don't have any kids, but if I did I would take them here for lunch on Sundays, why? Because there eat for free!!!
Take a bow chaps.....you deserve it. Since announcing their intention to make a move to Edinburgh the Galvin Brothers have gone straight at it with a drive and determination that seems sure to land them their latest Michelin star for the fine dining restaurant The Pompadour by Galvin.

With the Brasserie and the Pompadour nestled within the newly refurbished Caley Hotel or as they like to call it The Caledonian, A Waldorf Astoria Hotel, they have brought the city centre standard up a notch. Now in Scotland we are well known for liking what we know - we are inherently scared/challenged by things/people we don't know. Enter stage left Executive Chef Craig Sandle once of the Balmoral, and General manager will be Dale Dewsbury, who previously spent 10 years at the two-Michelin-starred Restaurant Andrew Fairlie at Gleneagles. If ever there was a Fantasy Football style pairing to open a restaurant in Scotland who understand the clientele this is it.

So being the resident foodie in my office I was tasked with organising the works Christmas party, now when I think of any menu that's starts Christmas or Festive it invariably means the usual pre-theatre or *cough* 'market menu' *cough* bumped up in price with a turkey dish added and an extra £10 on the price.

Not so here, for a very reasonable £24 you could enjoy a lovely 3 course menu. For me as soon as I read the menu there could only be one choice for starter, Foie Gras Parfait, Pear and Raisin Chutney, Toasted Sour Dough. Hmmmmm. As soon as I read Foie Gras I am sold! This dish was light, rich and indulgent all in one. With the stunning presentation it was a great way to start the meal.

For mains I went for the Confit Chicken Leg, Brussel Sprouts, Bacon and Chestnuts, Pomme Mousseline. Soft, succulent chicken, salty bacon, woody chestnuts......butter mash.....what man wouldn't love this dish! In fact no foodie wouldn't love this dish. A real alternative Christmas dinner with some wonderful winter flavours.

To finish...yet more indulgence :) Baked Banana Parfait, Dark Chocolate Crémeux. The parfait was so light and still packed with so much flavour - with the dark chocolate setting it off worked perfectly.

Added to this we have a few bottles of a lovely Cote du Rhone making a perfect foodie Christmas meal. The staff, the service, the food....all top notch. The Galvins have added a real touch of class to our city and long may it continue.

The Galvin Brasserie de Luxe comes highly JD Recommended!
Live Jazz on Sundays and great set menus .during the week. Sunday roast was a highlight and enough beef for 2! Also where else gives you two massive Yorkshire puddings as standard. Galvins was a real treat and we loved it!
Having eaten here a few times, I can say the food here is consistently excellent. The service is attentive and professional and the wines and sommelier's advice is spot on. 

You do of course pay more than average for all of this but if it's a special occasion, someone else is paying, or just 'cause you can afford it! Then go for it and enjoy!
Each bite full of flavor. Can't go wrong with any selection. Fresh takes on your typical dishes. Thoroughly enjoyed my meal, start to finish. Well done!
I was lucky enough to head along to one of the "launch" parties of this new bar.

I like the layout and the decor, it's a pretty upmarket place but out of the way enough that I hope the riff raff will be kept out. 

I mostly had several glasses of wine to drink and the house red pretty solid all told. I was impressed. I also tried several shots of cocktails including one with popping candy and one black russian style one. We also had a Charlie Chaplain one in a tea cup which was quite quaint! I didn't spot that many good beers so might stick to wine for the moment when I'm there.

Food wise they had herring so they obviously have excellent taste. The burgers looked good and I'll have to come back and have a go at the menu. 

They seemingly have a speakeasy style club downstairs which is only accessable if you know the password - this might make it slightly awesome..... Or just full of dickheads. I guess I'll have to go find out!
Really cool place to come for a drink on a sat night without feeling like the oldest person in the bar! They had a fabulous live band on sat night playing a mix of country (everyone loves a bit of Johnny Cash), rock and indie. Thoroughly enjoyed bopping away, tequila slammer in hand (then mouth). Sampled quite a few cocktails and pre made shots....All in the name of yelp of course. Tasty, fruity, alcoholic. Nuff said. 

Would def go back to the main bar but the after hours bit below was too small with no dance floor. Pointless really. 

Nice toilets. Important! Need to try it during the day to see what the food is like.
A oh-so-swish and swanky bar in the West End, serving unusual cocktails under chandeliers, surrounded by suited business folk on a Wednesday evening.

Angels Share is a beautiful new bar, with  more chandeliers than I could count, a piano in the bar (I didn't hear it played) and booths, high seats, and a club next door. On a Wednesday evening it was pleasantly half full but not busy. The bar man was incredibly courteous and very attentive. I ordered, paid, then he brought the drinks over. I really liked that touch; not sure if it would extend to a busy Friday night.

The cocktail - the Flower of Scotland - was really quite delicious. Champagne with Edinburgh raspberry gin, and a real flower on top (mine was a pansy). It was a good serving too, not in flute, but in a real champagne glass. Totally reasonable for a cocktail in this part of town, at £7.50. The other one that caught my eye was Haud Yer Wheest! which was made with peaty whisky and ginger. Oh yes.

I haven't been on a Friday or Saturday night, but knowing the area I imagine it's not somewhere I personally will want to go on a Friday or Saturday night. This is no fault of the bar, just the area and general mood and ambiance. Very busy, full of suited folk and folk who like to dress up and aren't always the friendliest drinking neighbours.

But on a mid-week evening it is the perfect spot to pop in for a cheeky, delectable cocktail. I've yet to try the food (also curious). And I won't knock it before I've tried it, so I will pop in here at the weekend to see what it's like. But so far, I do like the cocktails on a Wednesday evening, and the very courteous barman who served me!
I thought I'd update my review of Angel's Share as I popped in last night for some drinkies and ended up staggering out after having 2 bottles of wine (shared)!! A bottle of wine for a tenner Mon to Thurs - do it! Really good value.

And... as i was rather tipsy I decided to go for the steak burger & cheese which was lovely. A warning for anyone like me who doesn't like sauce though  - it was smothered in tomato sauce (or relish they called it). The waiter who came over to check how I was enjoying the food could see I was struggling with the sauce - I just really hate tomato sauce & i don't understand why they wouldn't put this on the side as an option?!? Anyway he insisted on changing it for me which was nice as there wasn't anything technically wrong with the burger. Apparently it says it comes with relish on the menu but I honestly hadn't expected it to come IN the burger already. Small issue though as they fixed it.

Home-made fries were hot & salty - yum
Burger was home-made, crumbly and cooked to perfection
Onion Rings were surprisingly light with a tempura batter
The brioche roll was a nice touch, kind of looked like a bagel without a hole and the sweetness and softness of the bread worked really well (much better than a ciabatta roll which is very heavy and filling).

Would go back for more food!
Lots of glitz and glamour yes, it looks nice yes...but the service was abysmal. Be interested to know if others had the same experience but I have to say I wont be rushing back anytime soon.

Almost warm prosecco from their 'other fridge' was a not a winner!
I've read some mixed reviews about this place so I wanted to try it for myself. K & I decided to try their lunch offer. 2 course lunch & a cocktail for £15 through 5pm.co.uk. We both had the pink gin fizz cocktail which was lovely. It was a generous serving in a tall glass with fresh raspberries muddled through it. So good we ordered a second!
Food wise, I had the mussels in a Bloody Mary sauce to start. It was a generous serving of very plump mussels with some crusty bread to mop up the sauce. K had the bruschetta. It was a generous portion too & we scoffed the lot. For main I tried the salmon served with herb couscous & K had the chicken stuffed with haggis. Both portions were a decent size & full of flavour. I'd definitely go back. 
The service was good too. We were through in the restaurant rather than the bar area so next time I'll try the bar & see how it compares.
This bar/restaurant/hotel is in a great location just off the West end of Princes Street. I visited a few times when it was The Hudson and it was OK but in desperate need of a refurb and a good clean.

I went to the opening night of the Angels Share a few months ago and was very impressed with what I saw. It looks lovely inside now and I got to try a few canapés that definitely left me wanting more. So last week I returned and took my auntie there as she was visiting Edinburgh and I met her on my lunch break.

It was pretty quiet but the staff were very lovely and friendly. I chose the macaroni cheese with salted beef and it was absolutely delicious. Served in the wee pot it was cooked in was torture as I had to wait for it to cool down a bit. The cheese sauce was delicious and very, very rich. There were little chunks of salted beef throughout the dish and this was cooked to perfection. I couldn't fault the dish.

Now I just can't wait to go back and try something else!
A delightful place on the edge of New Town.  Easy walking distance to everything in Edinburgh.  Recently renovated and the rooms are ideal.  The bus from the airport drops you off across the street and picks you up at the corner.  Perfect.  The rooms were clean and decorated with British Actor themes. Bed was ultra comfy.  Bathroom was brand new and very modern. Internet was crucial and this hotel had it.  Very charming staff that took care of our every need.  I would recommend this place to anyone going to Edinburgh.  It was awesome!
I was slighly dubious about this change from the Hudson Wine Bar as I never really thought their was anything wrong with it as it was! However i have to give it 10/10 on making the New Angels Share a success! Serve cannot be faulted and the last time we were there ( during the busy festival) we got a seat relatively easy and serve was faultless. The set lunch menu was tasty x Cocktail are great, although i do think they could have a few more on the drinks menu to choose from and i love the chandilers! A fab place for drinks with friends or a yummy lunch. Great location too, Well Done !
after a night of way too many drinks, including a brief dance at Harry's Bar, my co-workers and i ended up at the Angels Share bar.  it was a snap decision as we were all in heels and wanted to go to the closest bar that served relatively reasonably priced good drinks.  that said though, i'd been keen to try this place for ages so glad that i did finally get a chance to go!

the decor in this bar is very swish.  it's like walking into a proper posh men's club that you'd fine in manhattan.  chandeliers and leather seats, dark lighting, and a massive dark wood bar with loads of spirits on the shelves behind.  there is also a club underneath which we did try to go to, but was incredibly quiet for a friday night.  we were told it was turning into a jazz club at midnight, but considering the lack of people we weren't convinced.

that said though, we decided to grab our last drink here and grabbed one of the massive circular booths to sit down.  i finally got a chance to order a cocktail as these were well priced and had a pink gin fizz.  it came in a massive glass with mint garish and a truly lovely pink colour.  it was lovely  to drink and a nice way to end the night.  

i feel a bit bad giving this place three stars as i feel like there is a lot of potential here, but i just didn't see it at the end of my friday night.  i will make a point to go back though as this seems like the place to go and grab a pre-dinner drink when you're dressed up to go somewhere nice.
Are Chandeliers too much? 

I don't know, you can make the call on that one, came here after Sunday Lunch at Kyloe and thought it was a place I could drink for a while. The décor is pretty cool, hunners of photos of famous scots from Fergie to Hoy to Macgregor, it's a homage to the good and the great of Scotland. Large leather couches, and very high bar stools.

Those of you who know me, know I love a good bar stool, and even better I love a good bar. This is a nice long bar counter, copper or steel, I can't remember, but it's well polished, ergo very very shiny. They have an impressive back bar as well, one I would enjoy working my way round.

The service was what made this a memorable experience there was a very hyper young girl who was eager to keep us hydrated, and my Dad enjoyed the fact that she could make the dark rum and coke almost as quickly as he could drink them - we paid for that later on!!

This is  a great spot for some quality drinks with good company.
So found myself having dinner here last night and you know what it was pretty good. To be fair I didn't have high expectations but yeah for what it is it was really good.

With some friends we shared the sharing platter that came with chicken wings, calamari and chorizo! All tasty and plentiful.

For main I went for the chicken burger, the chips were a bit sparse but tasty as were the onion rings. The burger was a full filet with a nice seasoning and mozzarella. It was good!!

A surprise twist to the evening was the great live band that came on! Great tunes which lead to a bit of dancing.

All in all a surprisingly good meal at a very fair price. The Angels Shares has earned the right to be called JD Recommended.
The North Bridge Brasserie is part of the Scotsman Hotel - a beautiful, period building that is impressive from the outside, and even more so in the inside when you get lost wandering from the main brasserie, all slick dark wood, to the reception, past some regal looking marble stairs, and then are led down an darkish corridor to a hidden, room that suddenly open up into brightness, light, pastel colours, creams and pink lillies on the table - a room that is reserved specifically for afternoon tea.

I have something of a Victoriana fetish. After reading "A Little Princess" when I was 8, I wanted to be the little princess. After reading "The Secret Garden" I used to hope and pray I would find a secret door in our old walled garden leading to a hidden garden. Whilst it was an age that wasn't kind to women, I still have fantasies of dressing up in period dresses, with a morning dress for breakfast in the morning room, a going out dress with umbrella and hat for a stroll in the garden, and then a lighter frock that matches the colours of the upholstery in the afternoon tea room.

That last paragraph wasn't essential to this review, but it gives some context to why I was so enamoured with afternoon tea at the North Bridge Brasserie. The hidden room you can only be led to for your afternoon tea is a delight, and the setting and service is definitely the closest to the old-fashioned style of afternoon tea anywhere I've found in Edinburgh. Many places do afternoon tea, offering the three tiered cake stand with scones, cake, sandwiches and tea. But that's just the food. What the North Bridge Brasserie offered was the whole experience.

THey set up a table for 12 people and took all our orders, accomodating gluten free, vegetarian and no-fish. They then brought us all our afternoon delights. Rather than putting everything on individual, or between two, cake stands, they brought out all the sandwiches, then all the scones, then all the cakes. This was more practical, although did take away from the lovely feeling of 'all my food on one cake stand' slightly.

I had the gluten free option, shared with Claire L. The sandwiches, well - you couldn't tell the difference between the gluten free bread and regular. THe scones, whilst slightly smaller than the regular scones, were equally delicious and you couldn't tell they were gluten free. I can't really complain about the size of the scones, as there was so much food we got several doggie bags to take home after. 6 finger sandwiches each, a huge scone, and at least 5 or 6 mini cakes which were all very rich. 

On the gluten free cake stand there was the 'dime bar cake' made with almonds (Claire L tells me you can buy this in from supermarkets and at Ikea), a white fudge, chocolate truffle, cranachan, chocolate brownie, mini meringue with lemon curd... A lot of cakes! I was envious at the lack of carrot cake, and wonder if they could add more 'sponge like' gluten free options to the gluten free cake stand, using gluten free flour. But again, I can't complain as it was all lovely.

The tea itself was really the only less-than-lovely exprience. Many people ordered earl grey, myself included. It was very weak, no matter how long we let it brew, and was distinctly lacking the earl grey flavour. It was just...weak all over. There is nothing more pleasurable than a sip of scented, bergamot earl grey tea followed by a bite of a scone lathered in clotted cream and jam. It is afternoon tea after all, with the emphasis on the tea. So the fact that this tea was perhaps stale and lacking flavour was a bit sad, and was a noticeable drop in standard, given the rest of it was all exquisite.

However, I would definitely return and perhaps get a regular, stronger tea. This would be my highest recommendation for afternoon tea in the city. It's central (a 2 minute walk from Waverely Train Station), in a gorgeous building fitting to the tradition, and in a beautiful room with light, open windows, with delicious, home-made food and very attentive, kind service. £16.95 per person for the regular afternoon tea, and £20.95 for a glass of prosecco. Rather splendid.
* Note: The Scotsman Hotel has the same review as I was unaware that North Bridge Brasserie is part of the hotel.*

This is a great venue for many occasions, this occasion was an afternoon tea with some Yelpers in one of the function rooms. It was a nice big banquet table set up and we were brought to the room by one of the bartenders. We were then handed to the very capable hands of a function manager - she took our coats and  sat us down.  

we were sat on a table with full linen and (porcelain?) crockery. Our water glasses were promptly filled. Once we all sat down she placed the napkin and took our tea orders. They had a full complement of loose teas.
I went for the famous Scotsman breakfast and an additional Jasmine green tea. These are served in full sized classic teapots and strainers.

She also fully explained the delight that were served to us - after ensuring that there were any dietary requirements.
Scones, clotted cream, sliders, bon bons, profiteroles, soldier cut crust-less sandwiches with salmon cucumber, egg, ham, cheese and also some flap jacks and carrot cakes.

The acoustics of the room allowed for a conversation to be followed from all over the table without getting too loud., although the level of conversation topics was at times a bit questionable, but that cannot be attributed to the Scotsman :o)

I had a wonderful time and relay enjoyed the visit. This is something i would be proud to take my mum to when she visits Edinburgh!
The North Bridge Brasserie is the restaurant within the Scotsman hotel, so if you are thinking of tea at the Scotsman, this is where you'll end up. It's a bit confusing, but none-the-less delicious, regardless of what you call it!

We had afternoon tea here, and it was all delicious and well-served. 

The sandwiches are what you would usually expect - egg salad, chives and sour cream and cucumber, ham with mustard, and something else that I can't remember but was definitely Scottish. 

The scones were delicious, and made even better so with jam and clotted cream. But honestly, what isn't better with jam and clotted cream? (I can hear my doctor wince as I write that sentence, but hey, it's a holiday, right?). 

We made a reservation in advance, but on the day we were there at 16:00 it wasn't particularly busy. 

The teas were excellent and the service was great. They indulged us with group photos, were accomodating to our particular requests, and overall made for a delightful afternoon tea experience.
I'd booked her for afternoon tea, and then on the day my drive shaft decided it didn't want to drive any more so snapped in half. North Bridge were really decent about the minute cancellation, so I re-booked for here a couple of weeks back. 

One thing I hate about going to Edinburgh is the stairs, but North Bridge has a secret street level entrance just outside Waverley Station. You need to get buzzed in so I felt like I'd passed some kind of test when I was allowed in. Then there's an elevator to take you up the four stories to the level where afternoon tea is served (it's the street entrance off North Bridge, which gives you an idea of how ridiculous Edinburgh is. No wonder I get lost every time I go there). 

The afternoon dining area is pretty nice although definitely has the feel of a hotel restaurant. The tables are a bit too cramped for four ladies afternoon tea-ing at the same time. For £19.95 per person you get a tower of treats between two people including all the usual suspects - sandwiches, desserts, scones and tea or coffee. I opted for a gluten free option and was pretty impressed at the selection - it all looked pretty delicious. The sandwiches were nice (although egg mayo sandwiches should be outlawed) but I was let down by the scone which was a little rock-like and hard to eat. The desserts on the top were pretty lovely and I liked the lemon posset the most. 

Service was fine, and the place wasn't particularly noisy. I guess I just left with a little bit of a meh feeling about the food and wouldn't rush to return as it just wasn't the amazing afternoon tea experience I'd hoped for.
A well placed Pool Table greets you when you enter here via the side door. If I'd known it had that I'd have been in ages ago. Compared to a lot of pub tables in Edinburgh this one has practically no bad spots from which to take your shots. A well priced bar and decently maintained interior round out a good drinking experience, especially if you want to unobtrusively see some local culture and maybe get some banter or at least a chat about the football. 2013  Now under new management & re-named The Other Place the pool table has gone, the range of beers has increased, the bar's moved to the east wall and food is being served. Bar prices are the same as more central establishments now but the general atmosphere is pretty relaxed and mature. Having not sampled anything off the food menu I've docked a star for now.
This is a new bar in town following the closure of The Stags Head which used to be very much an 'old mans pub' there has been a significant renovation which has resulted in a totally different experience. Full length opening windows give the bar a mediterranean feel and the introduction of a kitchen visible to the diners is also a welcome gentrification of the area.

There is a huge supply of bottled ales available as well as about 7 or 8 draught ales including one of my personal favourites, Black Isle Blonde. I also noted some interesting whisky, including a Japanese malt. 

The food is fantastic, myself and dining partner both had the Brisket Beer Chilli which is served with Nachos. It's such a welcome change to have a chilli containing real chunks of meat instead of mince which gave a really nice texture to the meal. There was a fair bit of heat in the dish, not over-powering, but enough to get the nose running.

A welcome addition to the Canonmills area and definitely a place I will be returning to.
Last night  I had the following conversation with a friend: 

Friend: "Lets go to 'The Other Place'"
Me: "What place?"
Friend: "The Other Place"
Me: "Yes...but what's it called?"
Friend: "The Other Place!! It used to me the Stags Head in Canonmills!"
Me:  "Ah...that makes sense now, let's go!"

Confusion aside, I'd noticed that the Stags Head was being renovated, but had no idea the resulting bar would be such a joyful addition to the area.

The decor kind of identifies two areas to the bar, which blend seamlessly into one another. The bar area up one end is more traditional, with mirrors & chandeliers, while the open kitchen end is a tad more industrial, with bare brick walls and lots of shiny metal. The only downside to an open kitchen was the fact it was quite toasty at that end, but I always like to see where (and how!) my food is being prepared, and besides, there was air conditioning on and a nice breeze  from the open windows to keep the temperature regulated!   

Around the bar are full length windows, which open up in the summer and let you feel you're drinking outdoors. Perfect on a mild, summers night, and there are lots of comfy leather bucket chairs, or cow hide covered stools to perch on too!

It's a well stocked bar, and the beer list is superbly extensive, although I felt the wine list could have had a few more options available (only 3-4 choices of white wine!), but that's me maybe being a little picky!

Like the beer list, the menu is superb & varied. I chose a starter order of a half rack of BBQ ribs (£5.95) and chilli fries (£3)...and it was AWESOME! The first awesome thing to happen was I was given a 'rib bib'  in case I was a messy rib eater! So my new favourite possession is my 'I Heart Ribs' bib! The second awesome thing was that I have never, EVER had ribs with so much delicious, tender, tasty meat on them! In fact, there was so much meat I ended up using my fork and knife. It was well cooked, finger-licking goodness, and I will return again and again for these! The burger our friend had was met with a similar "awesome" response!

As we sat by the window looking out on the world, we sipped our drinks, did some chair dancing to the wonderful tunes being played ('No Diggity' & 'Call me Al' were my personal favourites!) and pondered the promotional fliers for 'The Other Place',  which say they want their customers to feel like this is their second home...I think we were all agreed that we looked forward to making use of our second home over the coming months!
It was only after they descended the stairs to the bar area that Joe realised he was ducking his head. A full week had passed since a section of the ceiling had fell away - mere days after opening - only to be repaired within a matter of hours. Obviously the story had stuck in his mind but looking around he could see the staff buzzing about a hive of tables, most occupied by friends and lovers, lost in conversation

The Other Place was very much back in business.

Feeling a little foolish, and hoping Jennie hadn't noticed, he straightened up and they took their seats; a small, round, European-influenced table, far enough from the patio doors to avoid the glare of the sun yet close enough to appreciate the cooling breeze that whipped by outside.

Almost instantly they were greeted by their waitress, a petit and cheerful girl with an accent that served to echo their surroundings. They placed the usual drinks order: a white wine (large) for her; a Jack and Coke (Diet) for him.

Typically they discussed the events that had momentarily staggered the Other Place's opening week. Looking up, they could easily differentiate between old and new ceilings. The largest flat section was now a spread of grey mortar, but all the rest retained its classic elegance. There were three sections over the bar area in all, chandeliers hung centrally from all, but the older two also held circular mirrors that rounded the light fixtures, and the detailed cornicing, with its ornate engravings, were captivating.

A moment later Joe spotted their drinks, albeit atop a waiter's tray that was headed the wrong way. The waiter seemed not to know where the beverages were destined to be but Joe certainly did and intervened just as the waitress with the accent pointed out their table.

The summer weather had drawn an unexpected crowd, or so it seemed from the tables that had been amassed inside. This by no means made their stay uncomfortable but the impromptu table layout was obviously leading the waiting staff a merry chase as a result. Spirits were high and the waiter made his apologies by way of some charming banter, which they both appreciated.

Then their waitress returned. "Ready to order?" she said with an enthusiastic smile.

"Absolutely," Joe replied. "If the portion is big enough, we'd like to share the Spicy Shrimp and Chorizo starter...?"

He glanced at Jennie as he spoke, her cool green eyes glittering thoughtfully as if she was trying to calculate how much food she might manage, before she confirmed his choice with a nod.

Joe smiled appreciatively, "And for mains...?" He gestured to his partner to take the lead.

"I'll have the Chilli Cheese Dog with extra Fried Onions," Jennie said, decisively.

"And for me, the Juicy Lucy with the Hash Brown topping."

While they waited for their first course, they took in the place. Beforehand it had been an old gentleman's public house, with a name involving a Stag or some other woodland creature no doubt. The transformation was impressive; the room in which they sat now the bar area, while the upper level housed the open-face kitchen, artfully circled by an array of stools for those who wished to watch their food being prepared.

The bar itself was rather impressive too, Art Deco in style - much like the majority of the decor and furnishings - with a vast selection of bourbons and rums, whiskies and wines on display. Joe had heard rumour they stocked 100 various beers and ales back there too.

The Shrimp and Chorizo dish could not have been any better. A perfect sharing dish, but good enough to make Joe wish he'd bought his own. The shrimp soft and delicate, the chorizo veritably haemorrhaging flavour; it needed to be tried to be believed. Joe initially added the romantic touch of sharing the dish with the same fork, however he had clearly forgotten how slowly Jennie tended to eat, so - once he'd tasted that chorizo - snapped up the spare fork with fervour.

Equally so, they enjoyed their mains. The Chilli Dog as messy animal indeed, and Jennie used her cutlery wisely, albeit to Joe's horror (few things in this world must be eaten by hand but both burgers and hotdogs are at the apex of that list). The chilli itself, which they had experienced once before, was interesting in that it closer resembled pulled pork, but in no way was that a criticism; it was delightful.

The burger patty was handmade, and clearly so as it crumbled juicily with each bite. Stuffed with subtle cheese and topped with a flaky hash brown, his only gripe was that the latter was under-seasoned. Despite that negative, he made a note to contact all his friends on the quest for Edinburgh's Best Burger to take note of The Other Place.

The meal had been a test. A test of the Other Place and what they were bringing to the capital. A test of how they intended to compete with neighbouring Stockbridge without being as wanky. A test of why they could justify some of the prices on their menu.

It was test they passed.
i honestly could not believe when a friend told me she had visited a new bar in what was previously known as the stags head.  see, the stags head was the type of bar i avoided, a popular local for the older men crowd who drink real beer and stand outside smoking cigarettes.  definitely not the place for me.  but then it shut and almost overnight it re-opened into a cool gastro-pub that was welcoming for all the young professional types that have been moving in the area as more and more new developments are built.

i finally had a chance to try this place out when nikki a and i decided we needed a drink and some time to catch up.  i arrived first and grabbed a seat in the corner of the front room bit.  this bar is a bit odd as what appears to be the front entrance on rodney street brings you into what actually appears to be the back of the bar with a view into an open kitchen.  two steps down brings you to the actual front area where there is a well stocked bar and massive windows that can be fully opened on a nice sunny day.  

we ordered a bottle of wine, reasonably priced, and contemplated the food menu for some nibbles.  this place offers up a good array of pub grub but with a classy edge.  i had the chili cheese fries, which was a massive bowl of a hybrid between a roasted potato and hand cut chip topped with shredded beef brisket in a spicy sauce and loads of cheese.  it was delicious!!  the chips, OMG, the chips!  this hybrid between a roasted tattie and a hand cut chip was just awesome, they were crunchy on the outside but soft and fluffy inside and just soooo tasty.  the beef brisket chili was also really good, with tender beef and a nice kicky chilli sauce.  nikki a had the nachos, which i can also confirm were quite tasty!

the service was friendly and they were quick to clear our plates and take our order to replenish our wine.  however, while the chairs looked comfy i have to say i struggled to find a comfortable position to sit in.  it was almost like the seat was just a bit too small for me.  it's a small thing, but would sort of put me off staying in the bar for ages with drinks since i couldnt' get comfortable sitting.

however, this bar is great!  and sooooo close to me!  i literally cannot believe the transformation it has went through and i'm definitely looking forward to making this my regular :)
A fantastic new bar in Cannonmills, Edinburgh. It's a big bar with lots of comfy seating and doors/windows that open right onto the street, the staff are all very good! The food is really enjoyable but could offer more on the menu and lastly The Other Place has good draft beer on tap for everyone and a wide rage of bottled beers... Just ask staff for the beer list! I go a lot for lunch but also good to visit at night!
I came to the other place with friends that live in Edinburgh, I live in California. We sat at the bar and couldn't get over their selection of beers from around the world. I hadn't heard of most of them from the states. They said they had over 108 types. Elliott and Arron the bartenders were very knowledgeable of the beers.  I tried quite a few of them and enjoyed each one.  The food is excellent, they have sort of an American flare.  I had the nachos with chili on it, very good. My friends had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes with gravy, I love the gravy, but my favorite was the Mac and cheese, reminded me of my childhood.  Love the decor and everyone was so nice. I highly recommend trying this place out.
Been in here a couple of times now. Good booze on tap, some interesting spirits, friendly staff and interesting looking venue. Aiming to head back and try out their menu at some point. Well worth a visit if you are passing..
Have been meaning to check this place out since I saw it'd been done up and re'opened in the Summer.. it's amazing what they have done to what used to be a really dingey ropey pub..

All the times I've walked past on a Friday afternoon it has been absolutely packed... although they really don't do themselves any favours by having big massive chairs.. which I'm sure are lovely and comfy to sit on.. but probably not the best idea when space is at a premium.. 

My friends and I ended up sat around a wine barrel on some bar stools right in the middle of the doors to the bathrooms.. which wasn't really ideal but the other option was to stand and mill around at the bar.

Our party of four had plans to dine, although many of the tables were only set up as twos... so with only 2 tables that could fit 4, it got rather dicey as to how long we'd need to wait for a table to free up so we could sit...

I asked the staff if we could put our name down for a table and they said they'd come get us if a table became free.. I was getting hungry so I asked again about a table and the waitress said we could order then once our food was ready we could eat it at the "kitchen bar"... We all agreed, though I also spied a table of four leaving, only to be told that as the table was quite small it was hard for 4 people to eat around it and we would have more room at the kitchen bar... 

Erm.. Not particularly true.. Anywhos! We'd ordered starters and mains.. and somehow she'd not split the order when she put it in the till... and apparently the kitchen didn't think to double check with her about 8 dishes being made at once for a party of 4...  so it ended up being a bit Man V Food for us to try and eat both courses before they got cold.

The manager did come to speak to us to apologise straight away which I appreciated. He offered to buy us a round of drinks, but as our friends had just got a bottle of wine and we both had full drinks, we declined, so he offered to take some food off the bill which I thought was a generous gesture.

SUMMARY : Food was really good, stand out dishes were the Beer Chilli, Steak & Fried Chicken.  Prices are pretty average for drinks and food.  Service was fantastic apart from the mix up with our food.  Decor and atmosphere was great tho quite cramped and a bit hard to get around.  Wouldn't hesitate to head back and can understand why they are so busy all the time~!
Oh, what an amusing name! "Let's meet at The Other Place." "What other place?" "The Other Place!" I like the owner's sense of humour.

After reading the reviews that popped up when it first opened, and knowing that my friends frequent it quite a bit, I was curious. I'd heard their chilli fries were good, the window seats adorably cosy (and the windows open during the summer) and it was just a laid-back, nice bar in Canonmills.

So I popped down here for lunch, and went for the BBQ Hot Dog (see the photo!) The hot dog itself was really thin, like a really thin sausage. It was made with 50% beef and 50% pork...but I was a little disheartened at the size. But the BBQ-sauce simmered onions that came with it were plentfiul and delicious. It was a really nice hot dog, I just would have liked more of it! The chips that came with it were tooooo good though, and if I hadn't gorged myself on chips and cheese at 3am the previous night, I would have eaten them all!

I'll definitely come back here to try more, especially the burgers (one with a melting cheesy middle). The tables are a little small and not the ideal size / shape. Not bad, but just not...my ideal seating arrangement.

But yep, I liked The Other Place! It's nice to see bars popping up in quieter ends of town to give some options against the heavy-weights like Holyrood 9a and BrewDog.
Let me explain my rating first of all - I've only been here once so far, and I do intend to revisit (ideally very soon!), hopefully eventually bumping this rating up to 4 stars as I feel it could easily be attained, but based on last night it's a solid 3 for now.

I'd been meaning to try out The Other Place since it opened, and last night my sister and I popped by for food and drinks.  The place was busy, so we were given a table at the very back, next to the open kitchen.  So, where we were was actually quite quiet, but also fairly soulless, it wasn't til we went to the loo that we had the chance to see just how nice the rest of the place is.  Next time I'll come at a less busy time in the hope of getting one of the tables nearer the bar...

Sister ordered a cider, I had the house lager which was nice - both priced just below £4. When we ordered a repeat, we were given two lagers. This was probably my fault, as whereas my sister said "the same again" I said "yes, the lager please", but the mistake was rectified swiftly and we were actually charged for the lagers (which was cheaper than the cider).

The menu, oh I wanted to eat it all! But that would have been immensely greedy of myself, so I opted for the Juicy Lucy (or, a classier version of chip shops' Cheeznburger) - a delicious meat patty with the cheese on the inside. This meant that the bun was quite dry, but I smothered on some mayonnaise and voila, problem rectified! The chips were okay but verging on cold by the time they arrived (and it took a while), and a few were slightly undercooked. Sister had the tuna melt, which looked good, and the garlic chips - not that the garlic was particularly detectable.

We both ordered the 'pie a la mode', as we were still hungry, a pleasant pecan pie. But completely overpriced at £5 for what was a rather small slice. In fact, price is really my main issue. My burger was £10.50, which is a good pound or so more than similar establishments would charge.

So, for the moment The Other Place gets 3 stars. I was impressed by my burger, and I'm keen to try the chilli cheese fries as they sound delicious, but our atmosphereless table and the prices prevent it from getting any higher. But, I will be back soon so watch this space for an Update.
The Other Place bodes so well! A good range of draught beers, whiskies, sexy decor, a very visible kitchen - by all rights, this should be one of my favourite pubs. But really it's not.

Why? Because there's only one decent thing on the menu! So, here's the good news: the beef brisket chilli is really good - spicy, tasty, rich, thick and satisfying, this is chilli as it should be, while the use of slow-cooked brisket gives it an unpretentious twist on the usual gastropub effort. Add a cold beer and you'll walk away from The Other Place with a happy tummy and the beginnings of a good review in your head.

Sadly though, the food goes rapidly downhill from there. A grilled king prawn sandwich with paprika mayo sounds great, but it doesn't really tally with the prawn cocktail mix slapped between two slices of stale white bread that ends up on your plate. Chilli lentil soup? Not tricky, but what arrived had clearly been on the heat for so long that it had reduced to a kind of painfully salty dal.

So why three stars? Well, it's a nice atmosphere, the music is usually good and the bar staff are friendly. So grab an interesting beer and soak up the cool surroundings by all means, but if your stomach starts to rumble, head over the road to the Cross & Corner.
On the last day of our holiday, The Man and I ventured into town.  We found ourselves in our old neighborhood and decided to check out the recently refurbished pubs of the area.  This corner used to be skeezy boozer central.  Since we moved, it is now poshpub central.  Coincidence?  Hmmmm. 

For a Monday night (though admittedly, Easter Monday), The Other Place was surprisingly busy. We got a seat at the bar and were greeted with an interesting selection of international beers.  Admittedly, I felt there was a bit too much stress on the "international" aspect (Red Stripe?  Really??) there as I felt the Scottish beer selection was poorly represented.  I tend to shy away from bottled beers in bars, but their bottled beer selection looked pretty hefty.

The refurb was very well done (with bonus points for the framed stag's head by the toilets as a nod to the old boozer), with maybe a bit too much TRYING HARD in terms of the attempt in being kitchy cool. The completely random shelf with gardening instruments irrationally irritated me. 

The problem now is that there is a LOOK - when bars get a makeover, the exposed brick/kitchy/minimal/industrial/timber look is cool. And it totally is cool, until everywhere and its cousin adapts the same look and it goes from being cool to uninspired. 
I'm harping about the look unnecessarily, though, because really they've created a good space where there was a not so good space previously. They've laid the place out well, and have included some good comfortable corners. 

Now all I wonder is where did all of the young professionals come from who frequent here, and where did the old junkies go??
How lucky am I to have The Other Place as my local! ("What other place?" ho ho ho, as Jenny L. pointed out, this name lends itself to endless fun.)

Friendly staff, nice cheery atmosphere, fun decor (top tip: look up at the pretty ceiling!) and plenty of cider options (a particularly deeee-lish cider from New Zealand, my antipodean cousins!).

Although I haven't sampled much of the food, it all looks and smells lovely as it wafts out from the exposed kitchen and I did share a fancy looking cheeseboard which came loaded with a selection of fruits and cheeses... dare I say nearly TOO much cheese? Oh no, I suppose you can't ever have too much of that.

The only reason it loses a star is because of all the dang reserved tables! I don't quite understand why so many busy places whack a big 'reserved' sign on a table only to leave it empty for a pint or so's worth of time, but perhaps there is just something I am missing. I also had a coffee here one Sunday morning and it wasn't particularly special, not really something I would be rushing back for.

Asides from those little gripes I do really like The Other Place and wouldn't hesitate to recommend if you are in the area!
Previously the Scottish Burger Bistro (and still in the same ownership), the Crafters Barn is a slightly odd fusion of Belgian, Spanish, pizza and steak. The Belgian influence is both at food and beer level; the Spanish comes in the form of a tapas menu; I didn't try the pizzas; the steaks can be cooked by diners at their table on some called a lava stone (frankly that sounds completely terrifying to me, but I'm sure others will find it great fun.)

I was charmed by the place and the food I sampled was very good, with a delicious fish stew and very tasty chorizo.

Overall, we said: "I was impressed with The Crafters Barn. Fusion places with eclectic menus can be a little tricky to judge, but from what I sampled I'd heartily recommend a visit. I look forward to sampling more dishes from their selection over the coming months."
We stumbled upon this place primarily due to its location - and the bit of outdoor seating next to Lady Stair's Close...Given it was a beautiful night with a sunset, it fit the bill.  The Belgian beer selection was really good and the server we had was so helpful and attentive - she helped make the experience memorable.  We moved inside to try the food and my companions spoke highly of the mussels.  The pizza we had was also quite good.  It wasn't too crowded so service continued to be excellent.  Good mix of music played and the space is light, open, uncluttered with a euro-modern feel.  All in I would absolutely return on my next visit.
Another incarnation of a Mound eatery but this is a good one!

Came here on a voucher deal with Tanya L. Our deal was for steak and chips and it was a great deal. No dodgy voucher deals here - our steaks from Puddledub (available at the Edinburgh markets) were available in 8oz sirloin or rib-eye or 6oz fillet. The steaks came on a lava stone so we could cook them as we like. 

Great steaks, very tasty and great quality meat. The chips for me were made to be gluten free - skinny fries, with partial skins on and were excellent! 

There is an excellent Belgian beer list with beers ranging from the £3.50 mark to around £8. There is also Mongozo GF beer to so GF peeps aren't left out which is great! There are also belgian beers on draft including kriek (cherry). The wine list is small but decent options. My red French Carignan went well with my steak and was £5 for 175ml. 

Service was lovely and friendly and great with suggesting gf potato based options for me which I appreciated. The interior is very modern - brick and wood but some booths and lovely rugs draped over chairs still to give an impression of a Scottish 'look' that's probably in keeping with the name.

I will go back - great food, drink options and service. it would be worth checking out at lunch as there are deals to be had...
"Meh. I've experienced better", is what Yelp considers two stars. It seems I'm the only reviewer that had such a mediocre experience so far. 

It was my first time being in a restaurant that offers lava stones where you can actually cook your steak the way you want to! And that sounds quite cool, right? 

You would expect as a newbie, to have a helpful waiter to offer tips or to explain how it works, but me and my friend were not so lucky, same for some other customers, that left their steaks at the top of the lava stone, and not cooking it now-and-then, taking it slowly, or even not overcooking them, and turning them from time to time. 

I was looking forward to their chips (chunky beer fries), but they felt a bit plain, although the appearance was promising!

If you're a beers' fun, you will get plenty of options, including Belgian ones! 

I'm glad I went there using a voucher and didn't pay the pricey £23 full price...
This is a great "Belgium Beer & Steak" place - which also serves gourmet mezze / tapas - with a beer twist. 

My first impression is that it is a mixture between The Vintage, Hanging Bat and the Potting Shed though still carries distinctiveness and originality.
The 'Crafters Barn' has an immediate feel of comfort. Inside and the outside area is well dressed in brown muted tones. 

I was most pleased to see the big amount of Belgium beers that they carry in stock. Obviously not the cheapest of drinks, but you need to remember that these beers are for nipping and enjoyment, not to down them and get drunk. 
That said, I was a little miffed to be offered a Leffe as a pint. - Come on! As a good beer purveyor you should have the decency to offer 2/3 or 1/2 pints.

Another thing that irked me was the mispronunciations by the staff that caused confusion. 
I was offered a 'Sherry Beer by Crick'  (so obviously I thought this is like Innis & Gunn - Sherry Cask aged beer) I was intrigues and said I'll have a pint of that. 
It turned out that it was a CHERRY Beer by KRIEK - nothing wrong with that per se, however a pint of cherry flavoured lager is not the best enjoyed with steak. 

Yes, those steaks! You order, you get. You get it FAST.  The premise here is that the steak is presented uncooked (or at least 'blue') on a hot stone. You cook it yourself to the desired level. This takes away the issue that the chef cooked it wrong, because if it is, you have yourself to blame. Clever, novel and very hands on. 

In addition I had peppercorn sauce and skinny fries. The sauce as OK. The skinny fries were not fully fried, possibly a little undercooked even. 

The service is very friendly, professional and helpful. They really look the part.
After spending the evening walking around looking for a place that wasn't full to the brim with people, we walked past the crafters barn. We were greeted by a very warm and welcoming staff, found a table, and had a lovely meal. The beer choice was excellent, especially if you are into Belgians, and the food was lovely. It was bright, clean, lively, and over all very pleasant. We left with full stomachs and feeling lucky to have stumbled upon this happy little restaurant.
Couldn't wait for Daniel Boulud to open a restaurant in vegas again and I got to say I was impressed. The staff was friendly and our server was highly versed in the menu as we asked a lot of questions and she knew everything. My favorite course of the night was the escargot with spetzel. The ambiance of the restaurant was amazing as well. If your looking for great food and a pleasant staff check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
I had the pleasure of dining with db BRASSERIE Saturday evening and must say I'm pleased.  After Boulud's departure from Wynn Las Vegas in 2010 I feared I would be forced to travel away from Las Vegas to enjoy his cuisine, I couldn't have been more wrong.

db BRASSERIE, a home for Boulud at Venetian that opened last week Thursday, is a contemporary French restaurant featuring single Edison bulbs mounted to antique brass fixtures, travertine limestone panels at the entrance and four-panel, 12-foot-wide exterior doors that open to the casino.  An open yet elegant and sophisticated space.

Stealing from Clint Eastwood's playbook, let's discuss "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly."

THE GOOD.  We started with the Assiette De Fromages (a cheese plate with quince preserves, nuts cranberry bread) and I neglected all but the blue cheese as it was so delicious.  She had the Crabe & Avocat (dungeness crab, fennel, avocado grapefruit, pink peppercorn, mint) and I had the Saint Jacques à la Provençale (seared sea scallops, stewed sweet peppers, baby zucchini
green olives, pine nut persillad) - both were delicious.  I speak with limited breadth on the Crabe & Avocat, however, the Saint Jacques à la Provençale was very flavorful with each bite; yet not spicy.  Even more delightful, Chef David Middleton was about the floor and was very available to all.  Refreshing.

THE BAD.  One of the team experienced a leaking coffee pot.  Not too shabby in my book.

THE UGLY.  db BRASSERIE is located next to a bar that, during my visit, blasts 80's rock music.  Exiting db BRASSERIE, such an elegant space, I did not expect to exit and here Twisted Sister raging; I can't say this proximity is ideal.

One can't slight Daniel Boulud for a leaking coffee pot and hair band bar next door, db BRASSERIE is all aces in my book.
Hand made lemon saffron pasta, clams, shrimp, shaved bottarga,wilted arugula thats it! BEST pasta plate Ive ever had! 10 steps from the Poker room and I am a new regular!
I came in to this new addition to the Venetian food scene with the highest of hopes. Daniel Boulude's triumphant return to Vegas is not without high expectations. I had, of course, read up on who was joining Chef Daniel's army of chefs and contributors and was astonished to learn of Chef Dave Middleton and Chef John Courtney's reunification. This phenomenal pair had already impressed the Las Vegas food scene at Marche Bacchus, an off strip locals spot, with their French nuances paired with a classy touch of modernity. But this time, they were in the big leagues, and they are privileged to compete under Chef Daniel's unyielding standard. No taste bud was left unturned. The artichoke velouté, coq au vin, and pistachio cherry were perfection and a true treat. The Tunisian inspired lamb, and an unexpected dish, the Thai calamarie, have such depth and take you through every sensation. Thank you Chef Daniel for your stylish return to our city, you do not disappoint. Chef Dave and his right hand, Chef John are representing you beautifully.
Dined on Saturday 5/3/14. 

I would normally rate this perhaps 3 stars, but being a Daniel Boulud rrestaurant, i expect more.

Food -
To start, I ordered the French Onion soup, which to me, lacked enough cheese. I like a gooey French onion soup. For my main,I ordered the Frenchie burger because I heard DB is famous for his burgers. However, the burger that i got was more like a salt brick. The patty itself seemed that it was way over-salted. Plus they added the "morbier cheese confit pork belly" which sounds delicious on paper but just added to the saltiness. The burger was so salty, i finished 4 glasses of water and only finished half of the burger. In hindsight, I should have sent the burger back, especially paying $19 for a burger, it should be perfect. Also, I do understand the restaurant just opened, so it could be a learning lesson for the kitchen as well. My friend ordered the lingini and loved it. My other friend order the Yankee burger and loved it as well. So take my words with a grain of....salt. ha.

Service -
When our party arrived we were seated immediately in a very nice booth. The restaurant does look like French bistro/brasserie, upscale yet casual. Upon being seated, we waited about 5+ minutes until we received our menus, which I thought was odd. Not sure why the hostess doesn't just hand out the menus (seems inefficient to me). The waitress was very nice and welcoming but seemed very busy. There were a lot of manager looking people standing around. Not sure what they were doing but felt the service could have been more efficient. But again, having recently opened, I'm sure this will be worked out.

Overall, I'm not sure I would recommend this restaurant, especially with all the awesome dining choices you have in Vegas. However, if the food was better (perhaps the kickhen wasn't tasting the food?) and the service kinks were worked out, I do think this could be a good restaurant, especially for the value. If my friends rated this restaurant, they would probably rate it a 4 or 5 stars. However, based on the experience I had, I could not give it more than a 2 and a half,  or 3.
a stripped down menu of french classics with a lightly modern flair.... which is right up my alley.

a great somm, that is really passionate about what he does, and has some rare treats that are at a really reasonable price (he had Francoise Chidaine's Clos Habert from 2006 for less than 70 bucks, which is a phenomenal deal for las vegas). 

I had the:
French Onion Soup
Steak Frites
Cheeses

All three dishes were executed well, and were exactly as I expected them to be. The price is extremely reasonable (just $48 for 3 courses... to compare, I had a mediocre breakfast the next day cost me $32, so three great courses for $48 was great).

I can comfortably say that I will probably dine here whenever I am in town.
Welcome back Daniel, we missed you!

Daniel Boulud Brasserie at Wynn was, in 2010, one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Likewise, I was so saddened by the closure. When I heard about the new restaurant at Venetian, I made a reservation as soon as I could. It did not disappoint.

Daniel was in the kitchen when we were there, so I had very high expectations. All I can say is, get the duck! The duck is absolutely superb. Service is also top notch. I will return in the near future for a more detailed review.
This place is fantastic. The decor, service, atmosphere and food are all top notch. Our server was very friendly, he explained everything and answered all of my annoying questions with a smile on his face. Even the bussers are nice and take the time to make sure you are enjoying your meal. The place is cozy too with nice decor. I love the black and white with the green cups and the lighting is perfect not too bright not too dark. So for drinks I had the ménage a tois which is 3 different champagnes. They were all great. My husband had a chocolate cherry martini I had some of that too and would probably let get one of my own next time it was so good. For starters we got duck presse and the burratta. This was the first time I had ever had fois gras and wasn't sure what to expect. I took a bite and it melted in my mouth. I am definitely a fan. The burratta was really good too complimented perfectly with the balsamic and tomatoes. For our main course we had the crispy duck confit. My only duck eating experience has been Chinese food (and earlier mentioned presse) so I had an idea of why to expect. What we got was not what I expected, it was better! A nice crispy outside with tender juicy meat that just falls off the bone inside. This is one of those meals you will dream about. My husband has had duck before and he said this was the best duck he has ever had. For dessert we got the gateau basque. It was also really, good. I could not decide between that and the pistachio sundae. Next time I will have to try that. We were also fortunate enough that DB was in the kitchen that night, but I hope even when he is not there the dishes are still this great. I will be back.
I had a great meal with plenty of other items on the menu I would return for.
We started with the Thai calamari and Pate de campagne.  Both were delicious.  For an entree, I had the halibut which was great, though I wish they had mentioned on the menu that the fava bean puree had mint - it just isn't a flavor I like very much, however the other accompaniments were good.  I ended the meal with their Basque cake, which is a favorite of mine.
Just opened so this is a well kept secret for now.  But it's really good so won't be for long!

Crab salad and lamb flatbread highly recommended.
what a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!! impeccable service from the staff (maître d', server AND bus boys). such a pleasing atmosphere. special thank you to the chef for sending my table a complimentary burrata. 
my party started with the stone oven flat bread that was so light, creamy and cheesy. i ordered the linguini de sud: pasta with clams & shrimp. desert was AMAZING! i ordered the black & white fondant, which is the molten chocolate cake with verbena ice cream.
Three of us, a biker, a runner, and a hiker, met for dinner last night (5/17/14).  The runner had made arrangements with the house for a tasting menu for the three of us with specific dishes included in the tasting.  More on that later.

The evening started with our dual appetizers of Torchon foie gras and Paté de Campagne Bourguignon. The paté and foie gras were excellent with some frisée served with them.  We each got two slices of bread on which to spread the paté.  

Following this, we were brought escargots spätzle with chicken oyster, garlic, parsley coulis, and hazelnut.  The spätzle was soft and very tasty and the nut pieces for texture were a perfect addition.

Next came a course of sea scallops on a bed of corn.  The scallops were cooked on point and this, too, was a very tasty dish.

The the Tunisian lamb chop with some merguez sausage with cousocus, lemon braised spinach, red pepper tagine, and some chickpeas.  The chop was excellent, perfectly rare, and the spinach was very good.  The sausage had a small bit of spiciness to it.  Another winning dish.

For the last main, we got the crispy duck confit with a petite onion ring, trumpet royale mushroom, and some swiss chard and a small turnip.  Excellent duck.  

We then went to our dessert course.  We had ordered 6 items--a cheese plate with 5 selections, raspberry clafoutis, black and white fondant, Gateau Basque, "Le Président", and Madeleines.  The five cheeses were: Pierre Robert Triple crème, Humboldt Fog goat, Petit Basque sheep, Pennsylvania Noble cheddar, and Fourme d'Ambert bleu.  The cheese plate was served with cranberry bread, nuts, and quince preserves.  The cheese plate was outstanding!  My favorites were the triple crème and the bleu.  I often buy Petit Basque so that was nothing new for me.

The desserts were quite good.  Standouts here were the Gateau Basque, "Le Président" and the black and white fondant with verbena ice cream. "Le Président" was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse tort and coffee chantilly.  The gateau Basque was a custard cake, brandied cherries, and vanilla Anglaise.   The texture differences of "Le Président"--the mousse tort with the bitter chocolate rings hiding the interior were wonderful together.  The gateau Basque was very smooth and quite a different cake than generally served.  With dessert, two of us had coffee and one had a single espresso.  

Throughout the meal, the waitstaff was excellent.  There was a little hesitancy with one server as the restaurant has only been open for about three weeks.  I was brought a fresh glass of iced tea before finishing the one I had.  Water was refilled during the meal.

The only reason I didn't give the fifth star was the mixup in the tasting menu.  The runner had taken the lead in contacting the restaurant about a tasting menu.  After some conversation, a list was sent and approved for our group.  However, two of the things we had chosen were not served and one of the appetizers we got, the scallops, was not ordered.  Additionally, we were headed from our lamb right into our dessert course skipping over the duck confit--one of the must items on our list.  When brought to the attention of our lead server, a manager came over in a short while and told us the chef was preparing our duck.

I know the restaurant has only been open a short time, but for a Daniel Boulud restaurant, when a menu has been submitted and agreed to, it should have been followed.  The serving staff was excellent.  The back of the house service needs some improvement.

I hope to go back and let this place wow me again because the food is outstanding.
Items Selected:
db's knees - Martin Miller's Gin, Lemon Juice, Local Desert Honey
Pate de Campagne Borguignon - Pork, Chicken, Mustard, Cornichons, Country Bread
Duck Presse - Foie Gras, Smoked Duck, Rillettes, Rhubarb, Turnips, Pistachio, Frisee
Parmesan Focaccia, Baguette, Butter
Escargots Spatzle - Burgundy Snails, Chicken Oysters, Mushrooms, Garlic Parsley Coulis, Hazelnuts
Sea Scallops - Sweet Corn, Trumpet Mushrooms, Jalapeno, Confit Tomato, Basil
Tunisian Spiced Lamb - Roasted Chop, Merguez Sausage, Couscous, Lemon Braised Spinach, Chickpeas, Red Pepper Tagine
Crispy Duck Confit - Swiss Chard, Turnip, Trumpet Royale Mushrooms, Onion Rings
Pierre Robert Triple Crème, Humbolt Fog, Petit Basque, Penn Noble, Forme d'Ambert with Quince Preserves, Nuts and Cranberry Bread
Chocolate Fondant - Molten Chocolate Cake, Verbena Ice Cream
Raspberry Fondant - Rhubarb gelée, ginger yogurt sorbet
Gateau Basque - Custard Cake, Brandied Cherries, Vanilla Anglaise
Le President - Chocolate-Hazelnut Mousse Tart, Coffee Chantilly
Freshly Baked Madeleines
Espresso

Having visited every Daniel Boulud property in New York City, from the eponymous 3* dining room and its original 1* Café home to breakfast and brunch at Bistro Moderne and Sud, respectively, it was with great delight that I learned of the chef's return to Sin City - a new Brasserie helmed by former Marche Bacchus chef David Middleton scheduled for dinner with two friends, a tasting menu presumably pre-arranged by private dining manager Heidi Voskuil.  Every bit the bustling space suggested by its name, with close set tables and traditional heavy woods beneath the sexy glow of globed lighting, it was just after 6:30pm on Saturday when our party was seated and starting off with a stunning riff on the Bee's Knees our menu was confirmed...at least conceptually...though much of what followed was not exactly what was requested and much of it was marred by still-green service.  Setting aside small mistakes on sourcing and pronunciation as well as beverages spilled more than once plus an obvious miscommunication from front of house to back about the menu requested it was with a duo of Boulud's superlative terrines that we began and with the foie gras smooth as silk while the chicken and pork pate upped the ante with an earthy funk one can only hope for this program to expands; a "Bar Boulud" charcuterie program like that in Manhattan's theater district seemingly a perfect choice on The Strip.  Moving next to outsourced bread and salty butter before progressing into the one-two punch of garlicky snails followed by the best scallops I've had in recent memory as the restaurant filled to perhaps 80% capacity it was in our fourth course that things got interesting; the lightly seared lamb and its spicy sausage tender and delicious but served as our "main course" when my request had clearly delineated the duck as a 'must.'  Eventually served the confit after much hemming-and-hawing including the involvement of the Dining Room Manager suffice it to say that the crispy-skinned fowl is absolutely worth visiting (and perhaps fighting) for and finishing the evening with a glut of sweets plus a quintet of award-winning cheeses one can only hope the service can soon keep up with the kitchen...not only does Chef Middleton's cuisine warrant it, but so does the textbook Gateau Basque.
For our dining experience Wednesday, May 14.

db Brasserie is a triumphant return of Chef Daniel Boulud. When his brasserie at the Wynn disappeared, I got upset because I couldn't understand why Las Vegas didn't support his culinary talents. But, voila, he's back in Vegas at The Venetian.

This brasserie reminds me of those "classic-looking" restaurants that one sees in film from the late 1800 to early 1900. The vintage floor tiles, lighting fixtures, dark wood panels, white table linens, simple printed menus and professionally dressed waiters evoked a sense of relaxed French brew pub comfort. Service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waiter and wait help were always around but never obtrusive. 

The high quality of the "simple" menu items showcased both natural flavors of the main ingredient and the cooking techniques used to prepare each dish. We each started with a flute of db Paris champagne cocktail that was divine..I wanted another but, decided to not be a "lush". Next up, we shared our Thai Calamari appetizer which was a good shareable portion of crispy beer battered tender calamari, pickled Fresno chilies and kafir lime leaf aioli. The beer batter was so crisp and light and the chilie/kaffir lime aioli brightened the flavor. My husband ordered the duck confit as his entree while I tried DB's burger called "The Piggie". Both entrees hit the Gascony comfort food mark. The duck leg confit had been slow cooked in its own fat then its skin was crisped just before service...the duck meat was meltingly tender and well-seasoned. My "Piggie" burger was a tender, flavorful coarse ground 7 ounce all beef patty topped with juicy tender house made shredded BBQ  pork, jalapeño mayonnaise and stuffed into a potato bun. On the side was a cupful of pommes frites aka French Fries. You could tell these fries had been double fried from its crispy exterior and smooth center...all the full potato flavor exuded from each stick. The portions were just the right size to its price point. But, each dish was big on flavor.

I expected a lot from Chef Boulud since I have had the pleasure of dining in his other restaurants, in New York and Las Vegas. He did NOT disappoint me!
There were definitely hits and misses at this new place.  Unfortunately, there is so much competition in Vegas (and even in the same hotel), that I don't think we will be back.  The service was very good.  But I don't understand the bread service.  Two people get two small pieces of bread - fine.  But they are two different kinds of bread - french and focaccia!?! Now I have to figure out which we each get?  Or am I supposed to break the tiny pieces in half?  DB, don't make me think this hard at the beginning of my meal.  Seafood tower - good.  Duck/foie - great. Onion soup - okay (too little cheese and added chunks of beer), Hamachi - horrible (we both took one bite and didn't want any more because the flavors did go well together and the hamachi itself didn't taste that great).  Wine pairings were great, as suggested by our waiting (who evidently was a certified somm, and didn't a great job).
My husband, our one year old daughter, and I decided to venture out to the strip for dinner one night. We are regulars at Bouchon, but decided to try DB Brasserie for the first time.  

I ordered the flatbread and calamari, and my husband had a burger.  Overall, we were not very impressed at all.  Calamari was pretty good, but everything else was meh...however, i do have to give them credit for the desserts.  The madelines were so perfect and warm!

Service was ok and very pretentious, they were not accommodating at all to children, unlike Bouchon.  It seemed like waiters and managers tried to make us feel uncomfortable because we had our baby with us with dirty looks. 

Don't think we will be going back, going to Bouchon instead!
I visited DB last night. I was so looking forward to my visit, thinking back to Chef's previous restaurant in the Wynn Las Vegas. So, not so great. The setting is less than desirable being direct off the Casino, with all the noise and all the revelers that is Las Vegas. Poor location. Then there is a "lounge " area which is comfy, but very loud once filled. Not a good dining experience at all. I have no complaints about the quality of the food. Not too French, per se, but more "country French" a la Bocuse. Probably will not return.
Undeserving.  They advertise a amazing Frenchie Burger. What we got was an awful burger served with cold fries. How does a high end brasserie serve cold fries? Stay away.
Girls weekend in Vegas and we decided to treat ourselves to a special dinner and chose DB Brasserie.  The restaurant is classic French brasserie, simple and classic with dark woods and dark leather banquette.  Service was attentive, efficient and extremely professional.  Our server Erik was so helpful and provided great recommendations.  I ordered the trio of champagne cocktails and really enjoyed the DB Paris the most, champagne with an x-rated passionfruit liqueur.  We ordered the lamb flatbread as a starter...so good...ground lamb delicately spiced with cumin and coriander and a perfect way to begin the meal.  My friend ordered the lobster ravioli special...generous serving of raviolis, plump with lobster...very tasty.  I ordered the duck confit: perfectly tender duck topped with super crispy duck skin and crispy wisps of onion rings served over braised Swiss Chard and trumpet mushrooms.  We also order the creamed spinach (who doesn't love creamed spinach?) and the pea fricassee, both great accompaniments to our mains.  To finish things off, we ordered the Black & White Fondant, a rich molten lava cake served with a refreshing verbena ice cream.  The food, the service and the restaurant were absolutely wonderful.  Looking forward to returning!
This is a preliminary 4-star review.. the food was fantastic, but the service was a little spotty. As it's a new restaurant, I am giving them the benefit of the doubt and assuming it will get better with time. 

We had the foie gras torchon, onion soup, lobster salad, duck confit, and tunisian lamb. Everything was really quite delicious, except the onion soup. The duck was really crispy on the outside and deliciously juicy on the inside. The tunisian lamb was tender and cooked to rare perfection and wasn't too gamey. For dessert, we ordered le president and the souffle. The souffle was perfectly fluffy and light. I really enjoyed it, but my mom doesn't like grand marnier and found it was too .. grand marnier-y. 

The onion soup was.. interesting, to say the least. I guess the description does say "beef and onion soup," but I was not expecting there to be chunks of beef in the soup. The waitress said that it was brisket, but it really just tasted like boiled beef that had been used to flavor the broth and not taken out. I have never in my life had a french onion soup with beef cubes in it. 

The service was mostly good, but kind of off. The critical comments I am about to make - I am writing them in the hopes that this is a new restaurant and management is reading every review to try to make improvements. We were a little late for our reservation, but were still seated promptly. When I asked where the restroom was, the busser / water guy walked me to it rather than just pointing across the room. 

The waitress never introduced herself, so I cannot tell you whom I'm talking about. She was friendly and mostly a good waitress. However, she interrupted me mid-sentence not once, not twice, but three times during our meal - rather than waiting nearby or trying to make eye contact before approaching, she interrupted me mid-sentence to tell us about the specials or ask how we were doing. She also forgot to tell us the specials and had to come back to tell us about them, but she didn't have them memorized so she had to look at her notepad, which seemed kind of amateur. She also did not know how to pronounce many of the menu items (the lady who brought our wine out also stumbled with the pronunciation). 

Finally - there is a huge analog clock on the wall facing the restaurant. I had the misfortune of sitting facing toward it, which made me painfully aware of the passage of time. When I'm going out to eat at a real sit-down restaurant, I want to be able to enjoy a leisurely, unhurried meal. The clock made me feel as though the restaurant was saying, "tick tock! time's a-wasting! get on out!" 

I will definitely be coming back here within the next few months, because the food was really good. Hopefully they will work out the kinks by then!
I love Daniel Boulud and was expecting a great lunch.  The bread was good, but brought after lunch was served.  The pork belly on my Frenchie burger was extremely chewy and not tender at all.  I'm glad they had Scrimshaw.  The dessert was good, gateau Basque, but not very fanciful for $13.  Worth noting, I overheard the server complain to his busser on the job he was doing.  Overall, I was pretty disappointed in both the food and service(which was pretty stuffy).
Chef Daniel Boulud's triumphant return to Vegas.  This incarnation, a modern brasserie using the freshest, locally sourced, seasonal ingredients in updated, French classic dishes.  Intriguing elements in every dish brighten flavors and awaken the palate.  Add some beautifully imagined French craft cocktails; this is not your typical austere brasserie.

The requisite classics are there; a well made pate de champagne bourguignon with bits of this and that served with house made cornichons and whole grain mustard with bread, the authenticity of which is rarely tasted outside of Europe.  The obligatory shellfish plateau; a mountain of fresh seafood, begging for a glass of Sancerre.  The austere coq au vin, with it's perfectly braised pieces of chicken amidst lardoons, mushrooms and pearl onions.  All good but pale in comparison to dishes showcasing the chef's Michelin pedigree.

The artichoke veloute is incredible.  Velvety smooth.  Huge vegetal flavor of artichokes balanced with cream around a mushroom royale.  Bits of mushrooms provide texture.  A submerged "crouton" soaked in butter adds even greater richness.  Pair the dish with the "Bee's Knees" and be blown away by the complexity created by the sweetness, acidity, and richness.  The salmon rillettes, all the flavor of salmon, made smooth, rich, and creamy.  Hints of fennel add a wonderful anise notes, fried capers add texture and briny salinity.  Finally the dry aged Brandt ribeye.  Simply grilled served with a béarnaise sauce, more acidic and with herbaceous notes than most that heightens the nutty, bleu cheese flavor of the steak.

Tip:  Lunch is a deal.  $26 for two courses, $33 for three.

Tip:  Match a craft cocktails with each dishes.  Cocktails are extremely complex with the use of many different bitters.  Most have great acidity.  Dare I say, perfect pairings work better than wine.

Very good wine list.  Heavy emphasis on France.  Decent vintage depth.   Best "value" in older vintages.  

Contemporary, bright ambiance.  Excellent, relaxed service.  You would never know the restaurant has been opened for only a month.

Definitely a welcome addition to the Vegas culinary scene.
Great dinner and experience!

Classic brasserie feel to the restaurant, felt like we were in Paris- but actually Venice :)

Started with tart Flambe, very light flat bread with a cream sauce, caramelized onions and bacon.  Perfect beginning, not too heavy but with great refined flavors.  The Burrata salad had a large soft creamy burrata ball onto of an artichoke heart.  Amazing.  Amazing.

Our waiter- Silvano pouched me to the duck confit over a burger.  Best choice ever.  Classic leg quarter, crispy skin, and juicy meat under.  The duck was succulent.  Best duck I've ever had.

In the world of celebrity chef restaurants with food for the masses...this chef is a chef before the celebrity status kicked in.
Shady rolled into Daniels Boulud's new venue on a Tues evening for his most eagerly anticipated meal of his 8 day  assault on Vegas. And Shady is very happy to report it lived up to all expectations. Shady and lucky dining partner started with some cocktails, Shady opting for the trio of Champagne. 1 too sweet, 1 very good and one 1 just right-the Cherry flavored was the best of the three. For starters, Shady and Co. opted for the Piosson fume and the hamachi cru. The Piosson was delicious smoked salmon expertly presented  and the crue equally as impressive. For mains, and this where DB stands apart, Shady went for the Duck Confit and lucky lucky guest went for 95$ ribeye. The duck was as good as Shady has ever had, maybe the best period. Shady licked the bone and thought about eating that as well. Crisp, not gamey, this is THE Duck dish in Vegas. The ribeye was cooked to perfection. Shadys guest was in food heaven. For dessert, Shady went off road and ordered the cheese plate. Three off the charts cheeses, the bleu cheese being Shady's favorite. Service was as good as it gets, with Shady's server being patient, thorough and professional. The venue is impressive, and the overall was just terrific. The Duck makes Shady's hall of fame. Welcome back DB, we will see you again.
Ate here with customers while at a convention in the Venetian.  Outstanding.  Great service, excellent food.  Started off with several appetizers for the table - delicious crispy and NOT greasy calamari, crab and avocado dish, and really good burrata cheese.  Also had some excellent bread.  My guests all ordered the steaks (different cuts) - one was a little too cooked but he did not send it back (ordered it med rare and it came out medium).  They all added the lobster "upgrade" (think that it was $16 more each plate).  I had a tasty halibut.  It was poached and it was completely white, looked like cheese it was so pure a white.  We each ordered dessert - 2 got delicious scoops of gelato ($3/scoop), I got the Gateau Basque (a lemony tart with crème anglaise),  another ordered the black and white fondant (it was a chocolate bomb dessert - delicious but SUPER rich), and finally the President.  We shared.  The President is not suitable for sharing - too difficult to split up.  The tart was my favorite - and also a big favorite of the table.  The sizes of the dessert are just right - not huge.  Wine list has some reasonable selections.  I returned the following night for late night drinks in the bar and got the same terrific service.  Had 3 specialty coffees, a ~$70 bottle of wine, 2 cocktails, and the bill for 5 with a 20% tip was just under $600.  I would absolutely return here - over and over again!
They still have a lot to sort out here. I understand its a brasserie and not fine dining but it could and should be better. The  Burrata was decent but not as creamy as other places. The French onion soup has a lot of beef and almost no onion or cheese. Saffron linguini was barely edible- way too spivey and barely any sea food. The side of mushrooms was way too sour but they were kind enough to take that off the bill. 
The molten chocolate cake was really good. Sage is a better bet or maybe we should have just got a burger.
Love this place. We had tried one of his restaurants in New York on loved it. We, also, loved Daniel Boulud's old resturant in Las Vegas and were sad to see it close. So when we heard he was coming back to open another restaurant, we just couldn't pass up the opportunity to try it.  This restaurant has a good mix of up-scale, as well as, casual elements.  The dinner room is large and open. The menu selection has a little for everyone ranging from artisan pasta, several classical french dishes, to burgers.  My mom tried the 3 course tasting menu and I ordered off the menu.  We started with the Thai calamari which has hints of curry and lemon grass and the pate de campagne bourguignon which came with great crusty bread, mustard and homemade pickles. Next, we had linguini de sud, which was a pasta infused with lemon and saffaron and topped with shrimp, clams, and arugula.  My mom ordered a crispy, skin on, sea bass type of fish with fingerling potatoes. And for dessert we ended with the cherry pistachio sundae topped with  butterscotch sauce and marshmellows, but next time, I have my eye on the souffle.  All the dishes where artfully presented and the staff were super helpful in suggestion. Good portion size and price!
Food was pretty good, the lamb is pretty amazing. Tender, flavorful, and lacking in the strong gamy smell that it normally comes with. Swordfish steak was abit bland and tough and I would pass on it. Expensive but no more expensive than other restaurants in its class
Beginning to think its a thing with Vegas... They are slow to cocktails and bad with follow up service. Our waiter was superb, but we didn't he didn't tell us about the specials and the refills on water were less than speedy. The kicker... There were at least FOUR men in suits standing around looking important while the servers and bus boys busted their butts. 

So, then why the four star review? Because the food was excellent and that's really the point. The butter poached halibut may have been the best thing I tasted all week.
This is quickly going to become one of my favorite spots on the strip. Quiet, yet boisterous. Elegant, but subdued. I've wanted to try Chef Boulud's food for a long time. It exceeded all of my expectations...which were very high.

The service was good. We had an attentive waiter, everything came out in a timely manner and every need was met. Nothing over the top and nothing that set DB apart from the norm, but good. The only gripe I have is that it would've been nice to have some more description of the courses as they came out. These aren't your typical "steak frites" or "onion soup" dishes. Some involved some serious thought and expertise and deserved more than just, "here's your calamari."

I loved the atmosphere. A fine mix of classic French decor, (tile floors and leather banquettes) and a contemporary, inviting ambience. It was luxurious, yet comfortable.

But what brings this restaurant to five stars is the food. We didn't get an entree; just a plethora of small plates and appetizers.

Lamb flatbread: perfectly crispy and rich. The buttery lamb was braised down with eggplant and Mediterranean spices until it was smooth and silky. The yogurt based sauce on top added just the right amount of tang to balance out the rich flavor of the lamb. It was garnished with micro cilantro that still had seedlings of coriander attached and diced apricots. Really added nice fresh and sweet notes so that everything was in perfect harmony.

Shellfish plateau: this is a guilty pleasure of ours. Nothing different from the norm aside from the ridiculous freshness of everything. We had oysters from both the east and west coasts (I can't tell you what kind they were because we weren't informed). They were plump, juicy and sweet. There was also king crab, lobster tail and shrimp. The mignonette was tart and peppery and was perfect with the oysters. They also served a beautiful "French" cocktail sauce which had the addition of mayonnaise and brandy. A nice touch that gave a lobster bisque-ish flavor to the perfectly poached shellfish.

Balik smoked salmon: my favorite dish of the evening. The house cured and smoked salmon was garnished simply with toasted caraway seed and sliced. It was so unctuous and creamy. Easily the best smoked salmon I've ever tried. There were little potato dauphinois puffs with the roe and a touch of creme fraiche in the middle. Light, but rich and unbelievably delicious. I wonder if they sell those instead of popcorn at movie theaters in France. The trio of salmon was finished with a decadent salmon rillette with a tiny toasted pumpernickel cracker on the bottom. So much technique was put into this dish. It was perfect.

Burratta salad: a simple and unique take on a tomato-mozzarella salad. The burratta sat atop a braised artichoke heart, which, in turn, sat atop diced tomatoes. It was surrounded by a salad of arugula with a sharp balsamic vinaigrette. Under normal circumstances, the acidity of the dressing would've been overwhelming. But this is why I was so impressed with this place. The chefs know how rich the burratta is and how much it craves to be cut by a little acid. Balance. It's all about balance.

Thai calamari: perfectly cooked. I know it's cliche to say something like that in a review, but more often than not, calamari is over cooked in many restaurants. The beer batter was so incredibly crispy and worked so well with the chewy texture of the beloved mollusk. The sauce was a play on thai red curry and had some good spice to it. It was all finished with pickled, bright red Fresno chiles and cilantro. A beautiful dish in sight and in taste.

Pommes frites: I had to get em. Nothing special here, but they were, of course, perfect. Served with ketchup, to my surprise. I asked for a side of aioli and was obliged. When in Rome!

Balance. Years of training and obsession with perfection. Countering textures and flavors. Sweet, spicy, bitter, sour, savory...they were all there. My hat is off to you, Chef Boulud. A perfect meal.
DB Brasserie has returned to the Strip and I must say that my return visit was one of the best dinner experiences I ever had.

First, let's go back in time to my review of Daniel Boulud Brasserie when they were located at The Wynn -- http://bit.ly/1o4M0AL
Looking back at that review it's pretty interesting to know that it was my first foray into high end gourmet burgers.  That DB Burger was simply too amazing and when I found out that DB Brasserie was returning, I had high hopes in being able to have the DB Burger once again.  However, a few weeks before my trip, I saw their grand opening menu and noticed that it was missing, which almost made me not want to go.

When I arrived in Vegas, at first I wasn't too sure about going there since it was so close to their grand opening and I assumed they were still working out the kinks.  So it pretty much became a game-time decision on my last day there when I made a reservation for dinner.  And I don't regret that decision one bit!

I love the fresh new look of the place.  It's definitely brighter and more inviting than the old location which was dark and almost cave-like.  The decor is quite similar to Bouchon which is a hybrid of classic bistro look with a modern touches.

Menu -- http://bit.ly/1mmt90m
I'm not sure what exactly carried over from the old Wynn location, but this current menu is a like a 'greatest hits' mashup of all his restaurants in NYC from Bar Boulud, DBGB, and Daniel.  Unfortunately for me, the DB Burger that I enjoyed back at the old location wasn't on the menu here.  Which was fine because I was willing to try something new with this visit.

Here's what I had for dinner:

Fresh baked baguette and foccacia. -- http://bit.ly/1omQGCE
They give you a small portion to start with, but you can always ask for more bread.  The baguette was nice, hot, and chewy.

Escargot Spatzle -- http://bit.ly/1omQMKA
burgundy snail fricassée, chicken "oysters", mushrooms, garlic, parsley coulis, hazelnut
I've never had Escargot of any kind before so I decided to man-up and try this.  It was delicious!  I actually couldn't distinguish the Escargot from the sauteed mushrooms, but everything on the plate tasted good with the spatzle giving it some substance.

Beef Duo  -- http://bit.ly/1noUxOz
red wine braised short ribs & roasted tournedos, Supergreen spinach, pommes purée, carrots 'niçoise'
I basically decided to order this beforehand when I saw them post a pic of this on their Facebook page.  Can you say....OMFGYUM!!!  The short ribs were braised perfectly that it broke down so easily with my fork.  No knife needed!!  And the tournedo was like butter!!  So tender and juicy and just melted in my mouth!  This was probably one of the best beef entrees I've ever had.

"le president" - chocolate and hazelnut mousse tart --  http://bit.ly/1p5pp9Q
Chocolate-Hazelnut Mousse Tart, Coffee Chantilly
Best way to finish the night.  I ordered this with zero expectations and it was rich decadent.  Very nice presentation!  The mousse was nice and cool too.

I'm definitely coming back to DB Brasserie.  I would love to try everything else on the menu and hopefully next time I go there, maybe the DB Burger will return.   I actually wouldn't mind coming back for lunch as well, now that they have a 3-course prix-fixe menu for under $30.  It doesn't get any better than that, especially on The Strip.  Overall, I highly recommend DB Brasserie!  They really impressed me with their exceptional service, lively atmosphere, and delicious food.  Thank you, Daniel Boulud for bringing DB Brasserie back to Las Vegas!
I had the Beef Duo which was excellent because filet and short rib should be good.  Mom had the NY Steak med rare and that thick slice of goodness was the best NY that I had ever seen or tasted.  Very tender and red from edge to edge.  You only see that in a Southwest airline magazine that you expect is photoshopped.  Sister had the Duck Confit which was rich and crispy.  The best meal in Vegas ever.   France has invaded Italy and Delmonico next door is going to be the first casualty of Daniel Boulud's presence in the Venetian.  The neighbors have to step up their game now.
Fantastic spot for a ladies' lunch.
Want a french destination that you can wear shorts in? Check this place out! Everything fantastic, from the small plates to the beautiful lobster salad and giant size entree's.  A great concept.  This is a place I can't wait to return to, the cocktail menu is serious. Best bread in Vegas.  Outstanding service.
My dining experience here was so much better than I expected. With the glut of celebrity chef restos that phone it in and print money luring in the Food Network convention demographic, I was expecting a "nice" dinner at inflated prices. I was meeting someone during the one hour dinner break in a poker tournament and DB was very close by to the poker room. Decided it would be nice to take advantage of the better dining options at the Venetian since the Rio is sorely lacking in that area.

Our hostess was very courteous when we asked if they had a table for two available although were a walk in (although I didn't show up with a huffy and entitled shitty attitude, so that probably helped too, take note Yelpers...) and we were offered a vacant table right away.

We were waited on promptly and told our waitress we had a time constraint. That mostly worked well although we had to wave her down when it was time to head out, but at that point quite a few more diners had arrived and the bill was still settled in time. 

I chose a glass of wine from a list that looked thoughtful and well-curated. It was an exceedingly rare occasion to have an available selection of quality wines offered by the glass. 

Our starters were the burrata and the escargots spaetzle. The latter was an exceptional combination of flavors and textures. Mains were the halibut and Tunisian lamb. Perfectly seasoned and cooked with an elegant but simple presentation. 

I would go so far as to say this definitely exceeds Bouchon for a few reasons: service is better overall, ambiance more intimate (Bouchon can get deafeningly loud with a crowd in there), cocktails and wine list appear better and the food is much better overall. Not much "simple" French bistro fare at DB but most dishes feature Boloud's signature Med touches yet remain unfussy, despite the lengthy menu descriptions for some.

I would compare our dinner to courses I've had at a few one-star Michelin restaurants even. I highly recommend a visit here if you're staying at the Venetian, and even if you're not it's worth coming from another hotel to dine here. 

We didn't have time to try dessert or an opportunity to return, but I'd love to return next time I'm in Vegas.
Went here based on the reviews. The place is nicely decorated. Ordered the lamb dinner and some port wine. The lamb was okay, nothing spectacular. There was a little too much fat for my liking.
Booked reservation on OpenTable for 3 people at 8:30 on a Sunday without issue.

We were running a few minutes late, so I called the restaurant to let them know, and they were fine with it.

After walking through the Venetian casino, you will find DB Brasserie nestled in a back corner with a prominently displayed "A" health rating.

We were quickly seated in what was about a half empty dining room, and it remained that way through our whole meal.  The ambiance is nice, comfortable seating, booths, tables, a long bar.  Water served without ice, how European.

The Cocktail Menu:
There is a good mix of inventive drinks here.  I personally had the Ex Pat, with a flavor that developed nicely as the vanilla and ginger infused ice ball melted into the straight bourbon.  I tried my friend's Manhattan, and it had nicely layered flavor.

Food:
I started with Escargot that were fried to a delicious, almost crispy chicken skin consistency.  There was also a mixture of shaved and fried garlic with normally cooked escargot.  The Foie Gras with cashew bread and a sweet chutney leveled with the salt and fat present very well.  For Main, I had the steak frites - crunchy, salty fries, perfectly medium rare flank steak.  Friend had the New York Strip cooked near rare, and it was a little tougher than it should have been in my opinion.  Dessert - Grand Marnier Souffle - delicately delicious with nice citrus notes.  "Black and White"- decadent and very rich.

General:
No salt and pepper on the table, which is not surprising.  Background music was a good mixture which specifically included a song by Disclosure.  Service was attentive.

We visited with the place only having been open around 6 weeks.  Overall, impressed, would come back, and not worry too much about getting a reservation on OpenTable.
We'd had a dinner reservation for the 4th of July at another restaurant but since we were running late, I was forced to cancel it.  While in a cab to our hotel, I grabbed one of the free booklets in the cab and immediately saw Daniel Boulud's restaurant DB Brasserie.  I immediately went to OpenTable to book a reservation.  I recently finished reading "Talking With My Mouth Full" by Gail Simmons where she talks quite a bit about Daniel Boulud so I knew I had to try his food.  When we arrived, I don't think the restaurant was half full.  We were seated at a two person top.  I quickly found that my back was to the restaurant which bummed me out.  I was facing a wall.  Before we were even served our dinner, another couple was seated right next to us.  Really?  The place is half empty and you have to seat another table right next to us?  I thought that was pretty lame.  But we started with bartender's choice mocktails of which mine was pineapple, orange, cranberry juices and my partner's was lavender soda.  They were both good but hers was a bit more unique.  We then tried the Thai style calamari.  It was excellent with a lime sauce and pickled, julienned vegetables.  There were also some fried onions which I didn't think were really needed.  I'd preferred just the calamari rather than what seemed to be a filler for the tender seafood.  My partner got the Duck Confit which was incredible.  It was tender, flavorful meat with a crispy skin on top of swiss chard with sautéed onions, crispy onion rings, turnips and a thick, leathery mushroom that my partner didn't like so I ate them.  The dish was awesome.  She was in heaven.  It's not often that you find duck confit for dinner which was a nice treat.  Whenever we see it as an appetizer, we get it so it was such a treat to have it as an entree.

We'd been hiking all day so I was really interested in the pasta dish Linguine De Sud which was lemon linguine with assorted seafood.  When it was set down in front of me, it looked amazing.  It was a reasonable portion of pasta.  I hate when a trough of food is placed in front of me.  I'm more about quality than quantity.  Usually, when there's enough for six people in one dish, they're making up for something which means it's not going to be an incredible dish.  I took the first bite and just loved the feel of the homemade pasta, the smooth, richness of the delicate sauce.  I was in heaven.  Before I could take my next bite, I felt a bit of heat to the dish.  I actually coughed a few times as I wasn't expecting it to attack the back of my throat.  My partner asked if I was ok.  I told her of the heat.  We exchanged bites and I warned her about the heat.  I love spice but she does not.  It completely choked her.  She drank a glass of water and had to wait a bit before resuming eating her dinner.  I didn't mind the heat but did find it a bit overpowering for such a delicate dish.  I really felt that they accidentally dumped too much red pepper in the dish and just didn't feel like remaking it.  I thought about mentioning it to the server but didn't want her to think I was complaining.  I did finish the entire dish but had that pepper catch in my throat several times.  I was almost sweating by the time I finished.  I reread the menu and I wasn't sure it was the same dish.  I was happy none-the-less.  We decided to split a dessert - the Le President which was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse with coffee cream in a chocolate shell.  It was so rich and wonderful that we couldn't even finish it.

It was a nice evening with some really good food.  I wish the craps tables were as nice!
Ever since foie gras has been banned from California establishments, I've had a real hankering for goose liver and made the executive decision for my group to dine here.  

Upon being seated, we were greeted with a complimentary glass of chilled Veuve Clicquot champagne. Clearly the evening was off to a good start! The terrine de foie gras really hit the spot but the pate de campagne bourguignon was superb : everyone was fighting over the last bite!

Dishes Sampled:

TARTE FLAMBEE
PÂTÉ DE CAMPAGNE BOURGUIGNON
TERRINE OF FOIE GRAS
ESCARGOTS SPÄTZLE
KING CRAB TIMBALE
SEA SCALLOPS
CRISPY DUCK CONFIT
GÂTEAU BASQUE
"LE PRÉSIDENT"

The Gateau Basque was divine, and my scallops were perfectly seared. Overall an outstanding dining experience, the restaurant is the spitting image of a Parisian brasserie and the food does not disappoint.
Saturday night, 7/5/14, 7:00PM.

I never got around to eating at Daniel Boulud's brasserie at the Wynn before it closed so I was excited to try his new restaurant at the Venetian.  It is an inviting open restaurant with a large bar area and dark wood furnishings all around.  

We arrived before our other guests and sat down for a pre-dinner drink at the bar.  We had boulevardier ($17) and a maitresse ($13).  The brasserie's version of the boulevardier is a mixture of Bulleit rye whiskey instead of bourbon, Aperol instead of Campari and sweet vermouth with a slice of orange rind.  It was a really good pour with no ice to mask the taste and the heavy cut crystal glass it was served in was a nice touch.  The maitresse, served in a martini glass, was a sweet concoction of rum, lime and coconut liqueur that perhaps would make a good drink if you were sitting by the pool but it didn't work well before dinner.

When the rest of the group arrived, we started with the Terrine of foie gras ($24), burrata ($14), and the crab timbale ($20).  All three tasted ok but the delicate crab flavor was overwhelmed by the taste of the overlying fruit and the foie gras terrine didn't have the punch or flavor of the seared version that you could get upstairs at Bouchon.

For dinner we has the Tunisian lamb with merguez sausage ($45), the sea scallops ($29), the oven roasted halibut ($40) and the swordfish ($42).  The scallops had a good sear on them and were served on a bed of sweet corn and shitake mushrooms.  They were delicious. The halibut was also cooked just right and was moist and flavorful. On the other hand, the swordfish was on the dry side and kind of bland.  Perhaps they had two different chefs cooking the fish that night?  The lamb and spicy sausage tasted fine on its own but seemed heavy in comparison to the first two seafood dishes.

For desert, the standout of the night was the grand marnier soufflé with vanilla anglaise sauce ($15). I don't know how he got it to be so light and airy or how it came out so fast but it was one of the best I have ever had. Roy Yamaguchi could learn a thing or two about cooking soufflé's from this place. We also split the pistachio-cherry Sunday ($14). This tasted great while you were eating the overlying flavorful pistachio ice cream but it lost its charm when you got down to the sour cherry ice cream underneath.

Overall, it was a good dining experience. The place was kind of empty for dinner time on a Saturday night but perhaps that is because it is still new. I also notice with trepidation that some of the dish prices at the restaurant are already a dollar or two higher than what is advertised on the online menu. As it is still kind of early to be raising prices, I hope it doesn't mean the new restaurant is already in trouble.  I would recommend it and I know I would go back, especially for more soufflé.