So ive been to this place twice and both times it seemed like the place was either jam packed or else there is just not a lot of room in the place and makes it seem like there are a lot of people there.  

The thing that made us stop there was the 99 cent Huge yard tropical frozen drinks they have on the tv above the casino.  When we finally make it to the back where they serve the drinks we come to find out that the drinks are actually $20 for the yard size and the 99 cent ones don't even exist.  The Yard drinks were very nice none the less.  Just be warned that if you want to get a frozen drink there its going to be a lot more then 99 cents.
Pure ghetto.  They lure you in with the temptation of a raffle ticket for a cash drawing to take place "any minute".  So you come inside with your "winning ticket".  Nothing to do while waiting except select one of the few slot machines in this tiny joint and slide some cash in.  Then here comes the cocktail waitress.  Order is placed, and drink delivered.  Time for the tip.  Well, I always tip and did this time.  However another guy nearby wasn't going to tip, apparently.  So the waitress stands there for like 90 seconds after delivering the drink with her hand stuck out.....just standing there by this guy.   She refused to just walk away.  The guy finally says something like he'll take care of her next time around.  That really pisses her off and she spouts an obscene comment, then abruptly turns, walks away, and starts slamming things.  First time I've ever witnessed anything like that.

I guess this must be part of the Fremont Street Experience too !  ha ha
This place is cramped and borderline gross, but it's hilarious! All coin machines, so you get to walk around with your little coin bucket. I won $40 on a machine, that was fun trying to keep the coins inside the spill tray - they kept wanting to bounce out lol. Yes the cocktail waitresses are crazy, yes the floors are gross and the drinks are expensive, yes the decorations are insane and backwoodsy, but it's all part of the fun. I think this ended up being one of our favorite spots surprisingly. All part of staying downtown lol.
Ghetto Fab... 

It's a tiny casino, no card tables, crammed full of people, waitresses are outgoing, drinks are filled super fast. I don't play slots, so I wonder why I always end up here??? hummmm, I think the free beads draw me in, and I always end up talking with the craziest people.. I've always had a good time coming here, this is my third time this year! Yes, it's pretty old, but hey it is in the old Vegas, if your expecting glitz and glam go to the strip and pay a lot more to be stuck in boring-ville.
Absolute dive casino, totally rickety and trashy! You are greeted at the door by hot pink, yellow and purple dressed New Orleans inspired flare and are given some beads as well! The clientele is dicey and suspect at best! Oh and the best is when I stepped out of the casino for a second to get some fresh air, the girl dressed in the flare said bye to me I walk back in 30 seconds later and again was ID'd after she just saw me leave (She Id'd me the first time in as well) after about 30 or so seconds to a minute of her trying to calculate my age I told her my age and she let me back in.... Classic!
Fabulously dive-y! Free Mardi Gras beads were fun, and the reason we went in in the first place. Loved that it was all coins, and they had some really fun video machines. The staff were the friendliest were encountered anywhere in Vegas. Cocktail waitresses were fast, and drinks were strong, not the usual watered down comp drinks you get at most casinos.

The place was small, cramped and not very clean... but a blast none the less!
Free beads.  Free ticket for entry in to a drawing (done every 30 minutes).  HUGE daiquiri selection for $16/$17 a piece (screw the football, go for the long haul), and for 2 or 3 bucks more get an extra few splashes of booze for the mix.  Coined games that feed out nickles with dirty grime lined buckets to collect the change in.  Small casino but proves to be a nice little trip for the beginnings of a night of debauchery.
The slot machines in this casino still spit out coins!!!

Imagine my shock when I won $16 on a nickel machine and went to cash out, expecting a slip of paper to print out. Instead, chunks of metal started loudly hitting the metal tray on the bottom of the machine. After a moment of remembering what to do, I looked for a coin bucket and then had to scoop up all of the nickels. I forgot how much work that was! And how dirty your hands got from that. The tips of my fingers were black. My friend was playing on a quarter machine and was in the same shock when it started spitting out quarters at her. 

I was surprised this place was still there. I remember coming here about 10 years ago. Super low end small casino with only slot machines and some video poker. Grab some mardi gras beads and some raffle tickets before you go in. Every half hour they call a number and if your ticket has that number, you win something. The waitresses are super attentive. A few seconds after coming in and they want to service you with drinks. Everyone automatically orders drinks. Unfortunately, they end up being some of the worst drinks you have ever consumed. Everything tastes very watered down. I ordered a white wine and was brought this strangely sweet and carbonated drink that was more like a spritzer than wine. Besides the bad drinks, this place is pretty fun for awhile. It's a party atmosphere and they play some fun music. The machines aren't super tight and keep you playing for awhile. We were there for over a half hour as we heard two rounds of raffle numbers called. 

Definitely one of the weirdest casinos in Vegas but I always have to visit it when I'm gambling downtown.
It is what it is, a hole in the wall with giant cheap drinks and slots. Beware though, if you get the extra Everclear with the frozen drinks, you will most likely black out.. The drinks here are a great deal if your looking to get faded with a quickness. Also your friends will be telling you of all your adventures in the morning when you wake up to a neck full of puke covered beads. Good Times!!!
Awesome dive bar and casino in one. You get party beads walking in the door, the free drinks come faster than any man alive can drink them, the machines are looser than any others downtown, and they have prize raffles every thirty minutes. The slots pay you in nickles so you get that classic clangity-clang sound when you cash out (and really dirty hands).
Let's be honest. Gigantic frozen daquari's are the draw, and they're worth it! also, REFILLS are around $8 but a fresh glass is twice as much, so make a few trips to make it more worthwhile =)
I like getting my yard drinks here because from the moment you walk in they give you beads. Their yards and footballs are about $2 cheaper than the nearby bars. They have a good selection of choices and an extra shot is $2-3 dollars more but well worth it. Refills are $8. The drinks are strong!! The actual casino is pretty small.
This was a great dive bar to stumble into. They hand you beads as you walk in and offer football sized drinks. As a football lover, that was a major sell.
The service was quick! The drinks were decent. It was smaller than some of the other casino type diver bars. Not bad, just smaller.

If you are in downtown for the Fremont experience, this is a decent bar to "stumble" into.
First of all, the place is a hole, and not in a good way. 

I wouldn't mind so much except I had an issue with the security guard who pinpointed me as "trouble" i suppose since it was Halloween and I was wearing a HAT that looked like a lion- it's a hat for CHILDREN. Perhaps I scared him, but he told me in order to remain in this establishment I'd have to remove my hat. 

I found this to be interesting since there were PLENTY of people inside of the casino wearing hats and not being asked to take theirs off. Many were in costume. Many were extremely shady looking, but he just passed by them without a second glance. 

Maybe he really dislikes lions. Either way, he pissed me off. 

Thanks to the cocktail waitress for the 2 free beers- she was pleasant at least.
This could be the smallest and funniest casino in Vegas. It's amazing! Located right on Freemont Street, this casino has it down to a science. 

1. As you walk in, you are immediately greeted by a women in a bright purple Mardi-Gras like jumpsuit holding beads. Before you enter, she chooses three beads for you (that just so happen to match your outfit) and puts them around your neck. Then she gives you a raffle ticket letting you know that the raffle happens every thirty minutes for the chance to win prizes. 

2. Next you step foot inside. Immediately you are welcomed by a cocktail waitress who offers you a drink. The drinks are complimentary as long as you gamble. 

*** Like I said, this is a teenie tiny casino with two walls of slot machines and one row in the middle. It's the old school type slot machine with quarters and the plastic tubs to put them in. 

3. As you gamble quarter slot machines and sip your free drink, beware because you might win and if you do, the staff will treat you like you won a million bucks (even though you just won $80 in the slot machine). They will also immediately hand you a business card so you remember where you were. And guess what? I did remember which is why I'm writing this review! 

4. During your time here you will get great service, free drinks, mardi gras beads and you might even leave with a prize. 

Now remember, this isn't a casino on the strip and it's pretty old and rundown. But it's cheesy in a great way and worth the experience. You'll leave feeling like a VIP with some great Mardi Gras beads and maybe even a tub full of change. So escape the craziness of the strip and check out Freemont Street. When you're there don't forget to stop into La Bayou Casino.
It is recession time, so we didn't get any free drinks as my friend promised, but still we stayed for a while on the slut machines. Like I'd always say invest, recover then leave. In the end I was tempted to try one of the drink-blends you see many walking with, and here I got my piña colada daiquiri for 14 (medium size).

People seem to love this place because of....beads! Very american thing I guess. You are given 1 free and the option with a raffle to win other "exotic" ones.
Drinks are expensive but free pour!! One drink & your going to feel it lol. Plus the slot pump out coin still pretty cool.
Very cool divey casino/bar with some of the friendliest people in vegas working there.  Been coming here for years and I never get tired of it.  You get mardi gras beads as you walk in and immediately after someone is there to get you a drink.  A couple of minutes later you are gaming, drinking and having a great time, and occasionally you really do win money and I mean real money, no tickets here so don't put a hundred in and then try to cash out, you'll be so loaded down with nickels and quarters you won't be able to walk.

The drinks are strong, the slots are decently loose and the manager Barbara and the cashier Mary Ellen are so cool, make you feel so welcome.  The Russian cocktail waitress is really nice too and trust me, she'll be back to check on your drink before you can sip down the one you have.

This is one thing I miss about Vegas, the free drinks to keep you there.  Most places don't give them away unless you're at a $1 machine and even then not usually.  So, La Bayou has my business two times a year, every year.  Keep up the good work everyone at La Bayou!
This place is our go-to place for a cheap drinking night on Fremont! Get your beads and go straight to the back and order yourself the only drink you will need all night.. Note that I said need.. But the moment the last of it goes down into your warm happy self.. You think yay! Refills are half price..I'm thirsty.. I'll take another.. And suddenly that's the last thing your remember about your night! Seriously ... Drink it slow and make it last..keep your football and get a refill the next night.. Don't ever get the upgraded version with extra shots.. You'll be sorry! love the blonde who works in the back..she has been there for years and remembers me everytime we come to Vegas..
ELVIS!!! well the slot machines. i love this place. their machines pay out coins. you can put coins in them as well. i love the sound of cashing out and hearing the coins. they have raffles every half hour.i always have a great time here.
Located in Downtown Las Vegas on the Freemont Street Experience, this is a small slot machine only casino with a bar in the back that has quite a variety of frozen drinks in big souvenir glasses. Two very festively dressed women  stand outside handing out beads and entries to the hourly drawing for one thousand bucks, not bad, stop by get some beads and a chance at a grand! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I'm giving this place 5 stars because I've got a long story behind it.  To make it short, the yard long frozen drinks with the extra shot for a dollar caused me to get married on the fly. And actually the second one I had a WELL-POURED extra shot of Bacardi 151, almost filled up the entire bowl in the bottom of the yard long!!  The county almost wouldn't give us a marriage license!!  But that was nearly 7 years ago, and eveyrthing has worked out really well.  I do remember the place being very fun and crazy for a "shotgun" dive casino.  We'll go back next time we're in Vegas, not only for the memories, but alos because it was just plain fun here.
It's a small dive casino in the downtown area. It is a shot gun style (almost like most dive bars) with Slots only. They have these women outside dressed in Mardi Gras colors handing out beads when you walk in. They also give you a raffle ticket for a drawing. Something like $10,000 or what not. IDK think anyone ever wins those. It's a little dingy on the inside...but go to the back they sell those HUGE drinks with lots of booze in them for pretty cheap. 

Be warned!! The bathrooms are something out of TJ Mexico and there are no tables to play cards on. 

meh. It's okay. I'm sure we will stumble into this place for one of those drinks again.
We absolutely love this place! This has become our "meetup" spot downtown. It's a fun little dive. They give out beads and have raffles. They sell cool beads in the back and make awesome HUGE drinks in yards and footballs. They also have some old slots that you can't find very often, and the slots are fairly loose. We always win a bit of cash there. A small downside is that the slots are old school without tickets. They drop a ton of nickels if you win. It's minor though and actually kind of fun.

It's not fancy, it's just fun! Go!!!
Good strong drinks!  That is all and that makes me a fan.  A total dive.  Not that there is anything wrong with that.
I love this little dive! 

A huge upside is the slots are old school. They drop a ton of nickels when you win. It's a huge bonus that makes it fun. The drinks are, as others have stated, excellent and alone worth coming in. 

There is not much to say about La Bayou that hasn't been said so give it a shot, this is the real thing.

There is a 96% chance I will return next time I'm in Vegas.
get the extra shot!!!! I love this place play some pennies get lots of drinks the best place to start your downtown adventure!
I love this place. The machines are fun and the coin aspect is a nice perk. The cocktail server is AWESOME! They are super quick and attentive! I always tip them well. You should too! You won't regret it!
Seedy spot for $1 daiquiris and yard mixed drinks. Prices aren't bad, so it's a good place for tourists. I've never gone when there wasn't a line, but it moves pretty quickly. Make sure to grab your free beads on the way in. Also one of the last places around where you can find slot machines that actually pay out and take coins.
I had blast here last week! My boyfriend and I played penny slots for not even 5 minutes before someone came and offered us a drink! They give you beads on your way in and they have a raffle every few minutes for a cash prize. The waitresses were sweet, drinks were strong, and the games were fun!
What a terrible dump! And why haven't I been here before???

I skipped out on the mardi gras beads on my way in - have more than enough at home. I did, however, accept the coupon for the buck off the BIG daiquiri. BIG. As in 48 ounces!

I wasn't driving, was with a group of people I have no qualms trusting my life with and face it - sometimes 48 ounces of liquid "I don't give a shit" are just what ya need! And when I decided to pay homage to the "I don't give a shit" days of NOLA is when I started having a blast.

That - and the look on a friend's face when he cashed about $300 from the slot he was playing and it paid in nickels! Got used used to the paper ticket - having any coin drop is a throwback...but NICKELS? Wasn't even a nickel slot...so the look on his face was classic.

Yay - I will totally be back!
FANTASTIC. Does not pretend to be anything more than what it is. The back bar is where its at, huge strong drink for 16 dollars, with a shot of ever clear for an extra 3. Worked like a charm. And they pay in coins! Brilliant
We came to town on Valentine's Day to celebrate my youngest son's 21st b-day (yes, it's on V-Day).  Sadly, the drive from L.A. was more hellish than usual and we got to our condo so late that we skipped out on driving to Fremont.  (however, we did find Ellis Island nearby and enjoyed that for what it is! see my review)

I really wanted to make sure my sons went down to Fremont where I knew we'd end up in Bayou so we came Sunday after breakfast (Omelette House- divine!) .  I've been here before (of course, back in 2001 I think the daiquiris were about 1/3 the price!).  I really don't enjoy gambling, but I do like to sit at a REAL coin-op slot machine and pull the arm of the one-armed bandit with my own hand.  There is something very satisfying about plunking coins in and hearing your winnings clink into the tray.  A classic Vegas experience that is hard to come-by today. 

I truly hope they NEVER get rid of those machines!  

It's a friendly place and a must-visit stop on Fremont.  We had a blast and were only sorry that we couldn't come at night and get they whole "Experience!"   We will be back!

*note to self:  The drinks are stronger than they look.  
We got the hurricane, white Russian, and mud slide flavors and enjoyed them all.  I think I liked my son's white Russian best because it tasted like vanilla ice cream.  YUM!
Located on Fremont Street in Downtown Vegas.

This casino's still got quarters that actually fall out of the machines with buckets and all that! None of that ticket redemption hoopla.  It was pretty cool seeing these kinds of machines still, but kind of a pain in the ass at the same time because I've been spoiled with just redeeming tickets and not having to get all down and dirty to collect my money.

Tiny casino. Got just a few rows of slot machines but these slots did seem a bit looser than the ones on the Strip.
Probably the last casino that uses coins still. It's nice to hear the clinking and reminiscing about those plastic tubs for coins but I sorta like the connivence of having a paper ticket to carry around. Still it's a nice tiny hall to get your change purse out.

They give free samples of the drinks in the back. They put way more alcohol in the sample than what you actually get though. I had the pina colada and it has just enough to make me tipsy. But I'm a lightweight.
Owned and operated by the same people who own Mermaids. You can tell as soon as you walk in the door. No tables, nothing fancy, machines pay out in coins. This is what Mermaids USE TO BE. I guess they took their best staff and send them here. Really friendly, and the facilities were a lot cleaner than Mermaids. Next time I'm in town and skip my usual Mermaids trip and just come straight here.
It's still as divey as ever here at La Bayou Casino.  It's run down, cramped and there's dusty stuff all over the walls and ceilings.  God knows I love this place!  It's one of the coolest places in downtown Vegas and they always get my business.

Most casinos these days only offer you free drinks when you are playing the $1 slots or better.  Seriously.  But here?  I walked up, got some Mardi Gras beads and before I could sit down they asked me what I wanted to drink.  I hadn't gotten half way done and she are offering me another drink.  These ladies usually come by about once every 10 minutes so drink fast and get your moneys worth.  By the way, these aren't pussy drinks either - you can taste the alcohol.

Their slot machines are usually pretty loose (not this time but usually).  The machines are retro coin payers so don't be looking for slots with tie ins to the latest movies or TV shows and be sure to have a cup or two handy for your big win.

Like I said before, I'm still loving Barbara (manager) and Mary Ellen (cashier).  They are part of the experience and if they leave, the place just won't be the same.

Man I want to go back there right now.
If you are in Vegas, YOU MUST COME HERE!!!!

This was one of the highlights of my recent trip to Vegas. La Bayou offers REAL nickel slots, frozen daiquiris, FREE drinks (if you are gambling, but it's nickel slots), and a dive-bar atmosphere. Upon arriving you are greeted by two ladies dresses in traditional vegas show girl feathers who hand out beads to customers. The beads really add to the kitsch environment of Fremont Street and La Bayou. You are also handed a lottery ticket to enter to win up to $10,000, which was another source of free entertainment. 

The machines themselves work very well and it was so much fun playing actual coins and seeing them clink into the coin return tray. The waitresses were very attentive and friendly( Remember to TIP). I never had to worry about asking for another drink and the drinks were STRONG. 

La Bayou is a great time for the non-serious gambler who wants to enjoy their time in Vegas with cheesy promotions, strong drinks and a taste of whats left of old school Vegas. It's just a good time all around!
Hours: 8:00 a.m. Breakfast, lunch, 
Take out or Full Service, catering available for small or large events/parties.
Interesting and delightful menu reasonably priced. The food is wonderful and the salads are fabulously fresh. This restaurant has blended the taste of New York Bistro's with Southwest flavors.  The Quiché Loraine is out of this world and the  southwest breakfast Burrito with green chili sauce was unbelievably tasty. What an awesome restaurant tucked away in an unlikely place. It has only been open three months and in this area a really good cafe type restaurant is hard to find. Glad to have you in the neighborhood!! This is definitely worth the drive.
I had to try it....

Nice place tucked in a strip mall right near Rays Pizza and Discount Tire. 

It seats more then it looks like it can but the decor is comfortable. They are nice and friendly, seem to know the regulars, and appreciate the new folks too. 

I had the special of the day. Roast Beef in a French Bread roll, hot, with horeseradish mayo, pepperchenies, red onion and rare roast beef sliced with sharp cheddar melted over the top. Served with Homemade potatoe salad and a pickle. It also comes with a cookie for desert. 

They serve breakfast and lunch, and was told the breakfast is awesome. They have Coke "on tap" and everything else in a cooler. Yep even Mt Dew. 

My only gripe is i could not afford to eat here everyday.
It looks like this might be a monthly type of place for me. Being slightly over one month since last visit and with the economy sucking even more, I was curious to find out if the place was still open and if the food was still good. 

Yes and Yes 

I had the chicken salad on wheat, pickle and kettle chips. Oh and the cookie. The sandwich was good size, plenty of substance and tasted great. The kettle chips were good but I am not a huge fan of chips. The pickle was garlicky yum and the cookie was great. 

The staff is really cool. The younger server/hostess is a little rude seeming but I think it is her parents place. I can't blame her! 

See you next month.
This place is great! I have been there a couple of times in the last few months. 

Stopped by on my way home for a hike with the fam and had breakfast. Boy was I surprised , it was wonderful. I had  southwest breakfast burrito is out of this world.. So much flavor and good size portion to boot. My wife had the fritata and she said it was great. My son had a biscuit (he is only 15 moinths old) and gobbled it down. 

The service was ok but the staff was young and didint really grasp proper customer service. Not a big deal in my book if the food is great.

I cant wait to go back and have something else.

Later.
Had good expectations but was let down with poor service and sub par food
I am always skeptical about any restaurant that opens in my neighborhood. Many have been disappointing, at best. Heart and Soul Cafe restored my faith. 

I've only eaten there once and it was for breakfast. I was delighted to see a full two pages of interesting, creative options for breakfast. This place is run by someone who is interested in food, not just selling stuff. I had the breakfast basil sandwich. It wasn't just an egg on a crappy bagel, but an egg with crispy bacon, creamy goat cheese, fresh basil and tomato on a soft/chewy bagel. The side of potatoes was a mixture of white, sweet and blue potatoes. I'm not certain, but I think they are baked rather than fried. In any case, they were not at all greasy and were entirely delicious. 

Service was fine and the place is comfortable and clean. It's the kind of place I'd be willing to drive 30 minutes to visit. All the better that I can WALK there. I can't wait to go back again and again!!! Hope dinner is as good as breakfast.
My family and I dropped by this little cafe on our way home from the hot air ballon festival. It is a great setup. Very homey, and comfortable.. My daughter ordered the meatball meal on the kids menu... she loved it... my complaint..  All the items on the "kids" dinner menu were $5.99.. ouch.  Sodas where $2.25 each..(not included with kids meal)
My husband and I split the mushroom burger.. $13!
 It was a good meal, but it was a very pricy meal for a "cafe". We all enjoyed the meal very much, and would return for more if it wouldn't cost us $40+ and have to split a meal to get there. Good, but to pricy to make it a regular place to visit :(
We rolled into HSC around 9:30 Sunday morning.  Luckily, we snagged one of the last couple of tables before folks had to wait a bit.  Turns out the breakfast food is five stars all the way.  Even though I don't like to wait for a table, I would for the amazingly diverse and tasty breakfast. 

My wife had the Roasted Veggie Omelet and I had a special called "Some Like it Hot".  After two bites of her omelet, my wife, Lucie, declared it her new all time favorite.  The peppers, asparagus, and other veggies were grilled to perfection. Inside was also just the right amount of cream cheese and seasonings.  The potatoes were a nice colorful mix cooked just right.

The Some Like it Hot is an imaginative southwestern twist on breakfast.  It has two jalapeno corn cakes, three strips of spicy jalapeno infused bacon, and two eggs.  Whoa...this was amazing.  I put my two over medium eggs on top of the corn cakes and let the yolk run down all over.  This was heaven on earth...the warm yolk was a perfect compliment to the savory corn cake.  I want these again NOW! 

The service, on the other hand, was a solid three stars.  Our waitress was very much "to the point", didn't smile, and seemed annoyed we were there.  It looked as though another server was late for work and she was letting it affect her service.  One of the waiters looked as though he hadn't changed clothes in a week...and maybe hadn't slept in as long.

Check out the web site for their menu and you will be impressed.  Assuming the service was just a one time glitch, I'm looking forward to coming back and increasing to five stars.
I come here with my son every other weekend, and it's more than worth the 12+ mile one-way trip.  The food is always well prepared, and the service is excellent.  Great looking place too.  Try the Crazy Biscuits, my favorite!
After eating there the first time right after they opened, I thought I would give them another try to see if they worked out the kinks.  Boy am I glad I did!  The service was so much better.  The breakfast was excellent ( you've GOT to try the pancakes)!  We are now a fan and will make this our new Sunday place to go since Kashman's has closed.  
LOVE IT!
We have now eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner at the Heart and Soul Cafe and can say with 100% certainty that EVERY meal rocks!

For breakfast, the granola raspberry pancakes OR the Italian sausage Fritatta , both at only 8.99, will make you want to try everything on the menu.

For lunch, a fresh peach salad with grilled chicken OR a chicken salad sandwich, served with homemade chocolate chip cookies fresh from the oven, really hit the spot.

For dinner, the  buttermilk fried chicken is worth the trip. Served with country pork gravy, it is like no other fried chicken you have ever tasted. and that's saying a mouthful!  We came back the NEXT night and ordered the salmon with fresh mango salsa served over grilled asparagus and baby roasted sweet, blue, red and white potatoes. WOW, a burst of fresh flavor combinations in every bite.

Dessert, that is another area where Chef Sheila (the owner) shines! The red velvet cake with chocolate sauce is in a class by itself. The hot nut pie with vanilla ice cream, to die for. The apple cake served with hot cider sauce, mmmmmmmmmmmm...the temptations never stop.

When you combine the relaxing and fun atmosphere, the superior menu offerings, with specials that change nightly, and the value,  you will not find a better home cooked meal in the Valley.

Heart & Soul says it all.  They care about every detail.
I'm very torn on how many stars to give Heart & Soul.
I have been here for breakfast only!
The food is great - consistant quality and usually the perfect amount of food. I really like the pumpkin pancakes but they probably won't have them for much longer. Also, the bloody mary bar on Sundays. Food gets 4.5 stars. However, the service is terrible. Its comical. Not even worth getting frustrated about. I'm sure they mean well but every morning its super disorganized.
Outstanding breakfast.  Quality food.  Omelets are wonderful and potatoes are roasted fingerling.  I have to go back for lunch and dinner.
Frankly, I'm not sure how service could be worse than at Heart and Soul Cafe.  Heart and Soul?  You've got to be kidding me - this place is seriously lacking in both.  Two visits and never even managed to get food either time.  The food looked promising, and the good reviews (despite the service complaints that other reviewers noted) encouraged us to give this place a second chance.

First visit was in October for lunch sometime after 11am.  We were sitting at a table for at least 20 minutes with nary a glance from a waitress or waiter.  When she finally arrived, we were told that it was still breakfast and they weren't serving lunch... so we bailed because we already had breakfast a few hours prior.  No lunch after 11am?  Annoyed after waiting 20+ minutes to find that out.

Second try a week ago.  Arrived about 10am for breakfast on a Saturday and was directed to a seat by a busboy.  Once again we sat for a minimum of 20 minutes, and I should have been tipped off with what was to come when none of the tables around us even having been served drinks. I did notice the couple next to us with two children absolutely seething when we walked in.  Finally, they gave up waiting for service and left abruptly.  Seeing them walk out the door, someone (the manager I'm assuming) confronted the waitress and asked, "Come on!  Did nobody take care of them?" to which she replied, "I thought so-and-so had that table!"  

The waitress then rushes over and throws (yes, THROWS... making noise... incredibly rude) the abandoned silverware and single menu onto our table and stated in a very annoyed tone, "I'll be back with more menus."  Frankly, we're pretty easygoing so I thought I would give her the benefit of the doubt and perhaps she would come back with a new attitude after taking a deep breath.  Wrong!   No only did she throw manhandled silverware (remember, there were two kids at the prior table sitting for a long time with nothing to do), wrinkled napkins, and a single menu onto our table - SHE NEVER CAME BACK!  We waited another 5 minutes or so (attempting to share a single menu with 4 people) and she didn't return.   

I have to say that this was the most stressful restaurant experience I have ever had.  Will never return and will tell anyone in Cave Creek who will listen what an awful experience I had.
We've eaten here a handful of times.  It is located next to our yoga studio, so it is very convenient.  We sit inside (sometimes in the cool car and take pictures) and more often, when it's nice outside, we sit outside on the patio.  We've been here for breakfast and lunch and have always been satisfied.  The service is always friendly and they don't mind if you stay for a leisurely meal and talk if there is not a line waiting.

I love the Cobb salad here as well as the tuna salad sandwich with almonds.  It came with a homemade cookie yesterday which was a nice treat.

I have to mention that their (in-season) pumpkin pancakes are absolutely heavenly!
It's Saturday night and we are sick of national chain restaurants. So a stop at Heart and Soul seemed in order.  

It was 6 pm and it was fairly empty. So choice of seating was ours. Service was friendly and relatively quick. My wife order a Flat-bread pizza, my teenage vegetarian daughter, the Veggie Tacos and I ordered the the Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Salad.  All were outstanding.  The Pizza was more than enough for one, and everyone else was full when done. My wife and daughter shared a Strawberry Empanadas which they said was excellent. 

Price was a bit steep for 3 at $77 with tip and no alcohol being ordered.
Love Love Love Heart and Soul!  

Their food is always fresh, made from scratch and sooo satisfying.  We usually go for breakfast but have been for lunch and dinner as well.  Order from their daily special menu, you won't be disappointed.  Lemon Ricotta or Strawberry cream pancakes - Yum!  For more of a savory flavor, anything with thier green chili in or on it is great.  Also love thier eggplant parm.  An unusual but delicous interpretation.

The only thing they have that I do't like is their jalepeno cheese sauce.  To me cheese is cheese, no need to make a sauce out of it.  Also the service has steadily improved since they have opened. 

Will defiately be back as often as I can.
This is a cute independently-owned restaurant in the Cave Creek/Carefree area. I have gone for breakfast twice. The food is unique with good quality fresh items. The ambiance is creative with a classic car in the restaurant as a table. It is a small place with indoor and outdoor seating and a small bar. The service is friendly. They were just on the Food Network's new show, Outrageous Foods for their breakfast creation, The Suicide Stack, which has 13 layers of food in one dish that feeds four. 
I like the Granola Raspberry Pancakes and their Green Pork Chili. Looking forward to trying lunch and dinner. Nice to have something new in the North Scottsdale/ Carefree area that is not a pricey dinner place or a breakfast chain. Note that they only serve breakfast on Sundays. No lunch menu items. This would be my only disappointment. I still think it is a fun, casual place to enjoy a quality meal.
Just had breakfast there a couple of weeks ago.  We live right down the road but somehow kept forgetting about this place. Stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday morning and were amazed at how awesome the food was. I had oatmeal cookie pancakes and my boyfriend had the green chili pork with eggs and country gravy. Both of our breakfasts were fantastic. My only complaint was I was freezing on their patio. There were heaters everywhere but none were on.
Got back for the Wed nite all you can eat fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and spinach w vegetables.  You cannot go wrong with this meal at $9.99.  The lamb burger w feta also delicious.
We went out for a family brunch one Sunday. This place was great. Atmosphere was nice and the staff was amazing and friendly. The food was great too.
I've been to Heart and Soul two times and both times, the service was horrible.  While the food is great, love the pancakes, I just can't get beyond the horrible service.  

The first time we had to beg for silverware and water over and over again. I know what you're thinking and no, we're not high maintenance like most restaurant guests, but simple things, like silverware are a must when you dine out.

Our attempted second adventure to Heart and Soul never really happened.  We sat and waited and waited some more.  After 12 minutes, we were never greeted nor did anyone stop by to bring us water.

I don't get it.  You have awesome food and your establishment could be so much more, so why settle with the horrible staff?  Hire a real front of the house manager, someone who knows operations and have them work out these simple things that are harmful to your business.

I will never go back and it's a shame.  The place has potential.
The food was decent, portions were small. But atmosphere was horrible, more bar like than cafe like.  Crowded, went on Sunday around noon and could not get lunch.  The music was loud, went to the ladies room and there were TWO toilets in one bathroom (no stalls) and the music was even louder in there.  

Too bad as it is fairly close to home and with the name I thought it would be more of a clean food kind of place!
Came to Heart and Soul with a group of 7. Our friends had seen it on Outrageous Food and decided to try it out the morning after a sleepover (our friends live far, so when we party, we prefer them to spend the night rather than drive after drinking). It was near noon on a Sunday when we got there, and there weren't many people. 

The menu is vast and made it difficult to decide what to order. Four of our group decided to conquer the Suicide Stack. Another had something off the specials menu...something like "momma's fried chicken." The Stack was devoured. 13 layers and it all looked good. I had one of the jalapeno cheese poppers off the top - yum!

I split with a friend the chilaquiles & eggs and the jumbo wet burrito. Both items were made with the awesome green pork chili. It was spicy (an 8 by their rating of hotness), but really really tasty. Some of the chips of the chilaquiles were pretty hard, but smothered in chili, they got soft. Topped with queso fresco...yum! The burrito was filled with chorizo (cooked perfectly), scrambled eggs, cheese, white/blue/sweet potatoes, and topped with the green chili. I loved the variety of potatoes - to me, that shows the true love and dedication of the chef, rather than using generic, plain, normal potatoes.

I ordered the prickly pear lemonade. It was fantastic! The bartender made 2 and said the other is in case someone else wants to try it. I drank them both. 

Although it wasn't dirt cheap, $110 for the 7 of us, will definitely make the 30-min drive again!
Had the suicide breakfast  here today with 7 other people and it was awesome!  The food was great and the service was really good, too. The owner/chef makes the 13 layer breakfast and then delivers it to the table personally. They advertise as feeding four people but 7 of us could barely finish it!! We saw the restaurant on the food network & knew we wanted to try on a visit ti Phoenix area - it was totally worth the trip!!
Came to this place based off the plain fact my parents cant stop talking about this place, plus they have spicy biscuits and gravy. Whats that you say? Spicy Biscuits and Gravy? Why yes, thats beacuse its covered in green chile pork!!!!

Came up from Paradise Valley area to tear up this place for breakfast on a Monday morning. Wasnt crowded at all when we got there, we were asked to pick a table, the one table I like i guess wasnt clean so got denied. Ended up picking another table. Not sure what the deal is with the decor in there, half of the tables are all black and the other half are of oak color. Might be the heart and soul theme I dont know. 

Staff was fairly quick. Was offered the Bacon Jalepeno Bloody mary and took them up on it right away (not realizing it was 10 dollars). Bloody mary was spicy and so was the un crispy bacon that sat on top. Unfortunately either the bacon went into the drink hot or the mix wasnt cold either way entire drink never was considered an iced beverage.

I had to go with the crazy biscuits and it was very good. Plate had 2 biscuits, 1 had the green chile on it with gravy and an egg on top and the other had just reg gravy on it with the egg. Very excellent and had a perfect heat to it. Couldve used a larger portion along with less dense biscuits. Would order again though.

My lady had the bacon blueberry pancakes. It was massive in size and tasted great. Nothing like big fat pancakes!!!

We fought a variety of flies at our table the entire time we were there. Cant really blame the place for this but makes for a
I love this place! I've come with my family, met friends there several times, and I've even brought my ultra-picky relatives a time or two! The food is always absolutely incredible, and there really is something for everyone.

I am not a breakfast person, but I love breakfast at Heart and Soul! I'm a vegetarian and really prefer fresh, organic food, so it can sometimes be tricky to find good stuff at other restaurants. Not here! Although there are several things for me to choose from, I can't seem to get away from the veggie omelet. It's got yummy seasonal veggies inside, along with oh-so-good goat cheese and the perfect amount of spices. It's served with blue/white/sweet potatoes - fancy and tasty! There are lots of other things on the menu that others at my table have tried and loved, but I'm always so wrapped up in my own flavor sensation that I can't say I've really paid attention to what they've ordered, only their, "OMG! This is soooo good!" noises. :)

I've been to H&S for lunch several times and can't seem to move beyond the salad menu, although there are lots of other things. I never order salads at restaurants because I hate ordering things I can easily make at home, but they have such a nice combination of fresh things and tasty dressings that I order one every time. I have had the grilled veggie sandwich once, though, and although it was pretty good, I was back to a salad on my next trip.

I have read a lot of negative reviews regarding service. Although there have been times when things have been a bit slow, I've never had a problem with going up to a staff person and asking for what I need. They get busy, so I understand. It's a small-town-type place, though, so the owner/chefs are super friendly and love to come out and talk when they have time. I think that, if you're not accustomed to a diner-type atmosphere where wait staff is made up of your own neighbors, you might see it differently.

I will continue to go to Heart and Soul whenever I can swing it. I'd love to see this place stick around for a long, long time!
Tried this place out this weekend.  Fantastic!  And we had zero issues with service even though they were busy so perhaps they have been working on that.  Don't miss the bacon bloody mary but beware it has a bite!
Gave my Heart to Heart & Soul. Tip: get on their 
email and get some amazing deals.
This is my favorite place to eat breakfast in Az. and its because of the menu. This place does not have just eggs and bacon with toast. All the dishes  are jacked up like jalapeno hollandaise for the eggs Benedict and my fave is the country fried steak covered in there country gravy and then topped with green chile pork and then two eggs and multi color potatoes for the side. I posted a pic of this dish! It is even better then it sounds if that's possible. This place is a little bit of a drive for me but so worth it. The service is great and its like a family place. They treated us like regulars since the first time we went. They also have a really cool 57 Chevy inside that has been converted into a booth. I like breakfast but I don't want to go unless its extra special and this place is it for me.
Have been here several times.  Always great food.  Service was also great like always.  However, (and our waiter seemed hesitant when he dropped off the check) to have an auto-gratuity of 20% with a 6 top seemed awfully high, especially without any notice beforehand.  We've had groups of 8 and more and never had that before here. Don't get me wrong service was great and I would have done 20%, but either let me know ahead of time or let ME make the choice!
I want desperately to like this place. I keep going back in the hopes that things will change, improve somehow.  Yet each time I am confronted with one disaster after another.  The last time, it was roasted potatoes that were still frozen in the middle.  Before that, wrong cocktail order (but major points for a breakfast joint that serves booze), repeated requests for silverware/creamer/sugar ignored.  Our friends always rave about this  place and swear our bad experiences (three in total) are uncharacteristic of the restaurant. I keep trying, but so far no luck.
Wanted to stop by based on the television show Outrageous Food! I had the Crazy Cowboy! Based on what I thought was going to be a different kind of breakfast. I am really happy I had it! The Crazy Cowboy is a chicken fried steak, smothered with beans, scrambled eggs, topped off with there chili verde! I was very happy with this meal! Their Chili Verde is one of the best I have had in a while. Daughter wanted to try a apple pancake, very different, not bad. I am just a plain type of pancake person. Wife had their eggs, bacon, and potato breakfast. Their potato's are very different! Has a mixture of red, white, purple potato's with the sweet potato's. Not bad! Over all we had a very good breakfast, if we are ever in the area again, we will come back again!!! One thing! Dude! If you're going to have a night of passion with your lady or guy!! Cover up your neck! Wear a turtle neck or something! Or maybe call in sick! Not something a lot of people want to see!!!
Nice and small place. I had the rustic pie, and I love it. Very friendly and kind staff
Highly recommended
The food was great service was good. Very friendly place. Will definitely return
We came here with my in-laws. They had been here before and liked it. We visited for a late lunch and the restaurant had a fe patrons. I was very surprised at the aloofness of the staff. Considering how slow it was, I was impressed at the amount of time the food took to come out of the kitchen. The kitchen staff stepped out to the front of the restaurant, appearing bored perhaps, while we sat and waited. The food was not a tall order, and besides a few sandwhiches and a veggie salad, none of the food should have taken 30 minutes to prepare. The waitress was kind, but stayed far away during the entire time we were waiting for food, not once coming by to let us know the status of the order (big No-No, if you ask me). In the end, everyone seemed satisfied with the food itself. Salmon, and roast beef sandwiches were good. I had the roasted vegetable salad that left much to desire. The eggplant was almost absent and hard, the other vegetables were diced into small cubes, which were not appetizing, and again, very minimal. It was mostly greens. The dressing seemed like it was out of a bottle, not bad, but nothing you can't toss at home. I visit Arizona a few times a year, but I won't be going out of my way to come back to Heart and Soul Cafe. So sorry.
Food here was delicious, i would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for the service. Yes, service was that bad. And I believe Matt our server was the owner or manager. All of our table got the feeling that we were bothering him somehow, it wasn't even busy. He would run away as soon as he dropped off our drinks before we could even ask for cream for coffee, I stared at him for 20 minutes trying to get his attention before I retired and asked another server who looked much busier than him. Same story with our food, he HANDED us our food to pass around to whoever it belonged to and ran away as soon as his hands were free- wait ranch! Everything look ok? Nope, he was gone. And didn't return until he brought the check, joy. No eye contact, smile, or thanks for coming in. We will not be returning.
I am going to preface this review by saying that I am pretty sure my experience was atypical. My parents live in the area and eat here all the time and have had none of the same problems. 

This is the worst service I have had at a restaurant in recent memory. The food was fine (what of it they had) but the service was absolutely mind-blowingly bad. 

First of all, our server didn't write anything down. I HATE it when servers do this, especially at small restaurants. We asked if the Arizona Cheesesteak had bell peppers - the server took the menu out of my boyfriend's hand, perused it, and continued to take my order. I gave my order - tuna sandwich with sweet potato fries. The server nodded and continued to look through the menu. After a few more seconds he asked us to repeat our order and then said "Oh sorry we're out of sweet potatoes". Okay, whatever, just chips then.

During the rest of our wait for our food we couldn't help but overhear the table behind us, who was having a really hard time with their meals. Their pancakes were cold and had to be sent back and they had no silverware. Their eggs weren't cooked properly and they were just in general pretty unhappy. 

Our server came to check on us during the wait for no apparent reason, saying "I'll go check on your food". Instead of doing that he proceeded to hang out behind the bar and chat with some other servers, very visibly NOT checking on our food. A few minutes later a different server emerged from the kitchen with our food. 

My sandwich was fine - was supposed to come with a pickle and a cookie. I asked another (now third) server about the pickle and was informed that they were out. I didn't even bother asking about the cookie - I got the distinct impression that I was bothering everyone and seriously impinging on the staff's ability to chat behind the bar. 

As we were finishing up our waiter returned and said "So I guess your food wasn't good?". My boyfriend and I looked at each other and said "No, it was fine. I think that was the other table behind us." The server then proceeded to sigh visibly and say "Oh good, it wasn't my table."

"Oh good, it wasn't my table."

"Oh good, it wasn't my table."

"Oh good, it wasn't my table."

My boyfriend and I stared at each other in shock for a few minutes before paying and leaving. 

What. 

The. 

Hell.
This is the best place in the world ! I love it so much just went there for the first time yesterday & I'm in love with the place is very eccentric the feel of the place was great and my waitress Lexi was so awesome & very astute she knew exactly what I needed to eat there thanks so much!!
I've been coming to Heart and Soul for well over a year. At times the service can be spotty but usually that's when it's really busy. Conversely we've had servers go out of their way for our party. Food is homemade and interesting. Very imaginative menu. Great place to bring out-of- towners. I've been here countless times for Breakfast and several times for lunch. I've not been here for dinner but other friends of mine have been there for the Fried Chicken special which they said was really wonderful.
Heart and Soul Cafe has the beginnings of a really good place in North Phoenix. My Chilaquiles and Eggs was unconventional, unattractive AND delicious. The sweet and spicy pork chile was prepared just right. Not having hashbrowns on the menu seems like a mistake since they cook them up for some of the dishes, but the roasted potatoes - containing 3 types - was inventive and good. The link sausage was not attractive at all but quite good. The 'Bloody Bacon' bloody mary may have a scary name but was excellent. The other drinks on the menu looked to be inventive but again the naming is odd. The decor like the menu is a mish-mash of really cool items with no central theme or story. Get the overall message? Hear and Soul is good - but lacks a coherent thread for why we should come back. Why is there a car parked in the restaurant, cowboy pictures on the wall and a big animal head? What does that have to do with 'Heart and Soul'? Oh we'll be back, but to be really successful, creating a story will help spread the good word of this place. So it's worth trying while the owner sorts through all that.
Have been here several times hoping it would improve-but sadly not. Bad service, dirty(bugs in dirty liquid by my table) So so food-- Too loud music doesnt make for a relaxing breakfast!
I don't get all the negative reviews.  Granted, we only went once, but we feel like this is our new breakfast spot.  

The food was great.  We had the Sausage Pie, the Heavenly Hash, The Crazy Biscuits and a chocolate chip pancake - EVERYTHING was great.  Everything.  The service was great too.  Coffee and water was always refilled.  There was nothing wrong with our visit.  There was everything right.  : )

We'll be back.
They must have been reading their reviews! Food was outstanding and service was very attentive! We went on a Saturday, mid morning. They were busy but got us in quickly and brought coffee even quicker (hallelujah!) The waitress recommended the strawberry ricotta pancakes and they were delicious. The waitress was attentive glancing over regularly but not interrupting the conversation. Great experience, we will be back with friends & family!
If you are looking for breakfast its the very best place in town. Menu is very creative. The chef comes up with new items consitently. Everything I have had was amazing. I can say that my experiences outside of breakfast have been far from perfect but breakfast is so great I could not imagine giving it any less then 5 stars!!!!
2-4-2.  I visited this restaurant twice last week for lunch. Service and food were great!  I read the other reviews about there service, so maybe my expectations were low, but I must say the service was fast, the wait staff personalities were definitely in tune with me.  By the way, the burger was very fresh tasting and 2nd only to the white chocolate grill on mayo.
Apple pancakes are delish, and so are the bacon blueberry pancakes.  It's never too busy and the service is fast and friendly.  It's hard to find a good breakfast place these days in this area!
I was so surprised to receive my order of pulled pork enchilladas...the two enchilladas were very small and the pork was hard as a rock.  They remade my order, but the wait was really not worth every bite.  I will not order mexican dishes from here.  There beautful breakfast portions are usually worth the wait & price.  Also, my tomato juice was warm.  I had to ask for ice. Very disappointing visit this time.
First time, and not the last time. Had the Works Omelet, which came loaded with meat and cheese, not too fluffy on the eggs, amazingly chewy sourdough bread, and a beautiful medley of potato's.

My wife had the pancakes (super flavorful, fluffy but dense, and great syrup) with beautiful bacon, perfect amount of meat, not too fatty.

All around great experience, and fantastic breakfast food. You must go.
I was excited to try this café for the first time. The food was great, BUT it was very difficult to overlook the bad service and general disorganization.  Hostess continued to seat people at dirty and unset tables. Poorly managed - the servers where pretty vocal about not knowing which tables to deliver the food to. Delivering us another table's food. After about 30 minutes we received our breakfast order. All easy fixes if the restaurant is managed properly. There are too many options in town with great food & consistent and friendly service to return to this café.  I do not recommend this restaurant.
Great breakfast and great lunch.  Haven't tried them for dinner yet.  Healthy choices, fantastic waitresses and fun decor.  You can't beat Heart and Soul Cafe!
It's been way too long since I've been to the heart and soul cafe. I've been here for breakfast and dinner and both are exceptional . The breakfast is my favorite. There is a lot of love on the plate no matter what your in the mood for. My all time favorite are the crazy biscuits , biscuits and gravy and chili verde. I know it's nit the best thing for you and probably sounds "crazy" together, but believe me it is the best thing if you are craving a over the top breakfast.
Absolutely LOVE the food. They get 2 stars for this.Service and cost are rediculous though. Owner: You  are going to lose your business if you don't start working on this.  We used to come often then quit when the service was soo slow and bad. Just bad. Didn't get coffee right away, everyone looks stressed out and disorganized. They nickle and dime you with 3 slices of bacon (really small too) for 4 bucks! and extra for bread too. Then the service got better. They hired different people. Damage control people. Now its back to the way it was. 2 weeks ago we ate outside and after someone else brought us our food, we NEVER saw our waitress again. This weekend it took an hr to get our food and our waitress had lost someones change and she was throwing things behind the counter and looked ready to cry. I was so stressed out when I left there, I said no, not again. Besides that, they said the toast would now come with the Crazy Cowboy (it did 2 weeks ago)b and last week they charged 3 dollars for it and gave my husband his 3 bacon strips and one was a half a piece. For 4 dollars. I know customers can be a pain but we aren't. We know what we want and I will even get up and get my own coffee. Tip: Give everyone their own coffee and water for the table and get organized. And smile like you are happy to be here! We do have choices of other places to go. Especially when breakfast costs us 40 dollars every time my husband and I  come here! And we aren't ordering anything special!
Ive had two experiences at the heart and soul cafe. The first time my girlfriend and I enjoyed the best bloody Mary Ive ever had as well as  generous and well cooked breakfast portions. The service was friendly but a bit slow. I'd give it four stars! - I just returned from a poor lunch experience though..Although the service was excellent and our cute server Sherry made us feel at home, the food was a major disappointment. Admittedly it was just before lunch closing but that's not a very good excuse. I took my brother for the famous bloody Mary but it was bland and weak. The once fresh bacon garnish was cold and congealed and I tasted more Ice than Mary..The fried chicken dish was burnt at the sides and dried out..I'm sure It had been sitting for a while - They mixed in some sweet potato fries with the regular fries (probably to make it seem more generous) but both were cold and stale. My brother's burger was also overdone..A two star experience..Two entrees two Mary's and a beer - $60..ouch..
Back to 5 stars again! Went again and service was perfect. Is it just hit and miss? Were they just not the busy? Or are they making changes? I will be back!
So I read the reviews and I told my daughter the food is allegedly good but the service is allegedly bad.  I live nearby and haven't tried it before so with my out of town daughter in tow we rolled down for breakfast.  Walked in, we're seated quickly and then..... Nothing for at least 10 minutes. At least 10 minutes.  Place was full but it was Saturday am.   My daughter started laughing after  the long wait and said "well yelp got this one right".  The server was nice but they seemed to not have any assigned areas they just wandered to random tables.  They needed at least one more server. My daughter said I guess they don't read yelp reviews.  The food was good but certainly not awesome.  I live 4 minutes away.  If you don't I wouldn't make this a destination restaurant.  Oh forgot some items we asked for.  If you want to eat in Cave Creek drive the extra minutes up to   Harold's or wherever and enjoy the ambiance of our little cowboy town
Need to have a really yummy, I'm gonna be bad breakfast? This is it! The bacon bloody will definitely jump start you followed by a unique menu of all sorts of good food! Biscuits and gravy are yum, but we have eaten here a few times and nothing is less than great! Omelets are awesome! If it is your first visit, try to request sitting in the car! It's just plain fun to do! Enjoy!
My Husband and I took my Grandma here for the first time this past Mother's Day (I know sorry for the late review).  I was really pleased that they took a reservation for the day because I've heard there can be a long wait.  Upon arrival we were greeted and seated quickly (after they cleared the table).  Our waitress was prompt and nice.  Overall, I like the decor, but the atmosphere felt very crowded and overwhelming to me... maybe it was just because of the holiday.

I ordered the crazy biscuits, which I didn't love.  It was very heavy, which was obvious that it would be, but the taste didn't blow me away.  The Hubs had pancakes, which were really good.  My Grandma had the hash, which I didn't try, but she loved.  Based on this experience alone, I would go back considering so many people love it.  I would probably try something completely different though.
I don't think it deserves the best of Phoenix but it was ok. Drinks are tasty, bartender was Nice. Server quite strange.
I have been a fan of Heart and Soul Cafe since it opened, but unfortunately, I had a bad experience Saturday night. I made reservations and asked to be sat in the car inside the restaurant. I asked 3 times when I made the reservation if they would be able to seat us in the car at the time we would be there. I was assured that we would be. We invited another couple and told them about the car. When we arrived on time for our reservation, there was another couple in the car. They did not even have their food yet, so they had recently been seated. We were told they had been seated one and a half hours ago, which clearly was not the case. We had to sit at a table. So we decided to make the best of the experience. However, the disappointment continued. The drinks came one at a time, with one taking a long time to get to the table. The food arrival was even worse. Two people received their food, while the other two waited about 5 minutes. Then another plate arrived. One of us was still waiting for  food. So now 3 of us are waiting for the 4th person to get their food. It took about 10 more minutes to arrive. After finally getting the food, it tasted great. The drinks were great, but arrived slowly.  When ordering a 2nd drink, it had been made differently. Upon questioning the waiter, he said they ran out of limes, so they used other ingredients. They did remake the drink and it was better. I am on the VIP email they send out and they were offering 2 for 1, which we pointed out to the waiter when we arrived. When we received the bill, it did not have the discounts on it. We had to get the bill corrected. We left with a bad taste in our mouth about the experience and have decided that we probably won't go back. It seems the atmosphere and service has changed and not up to the standards that we have previously experienced.
$50 breakfast for two. 

Average food at best. Not worth the price, and the prices aren't even that high. 

Horrible service. 

Nice decor, clean tables and good overall cleanliness.
This was the second time I went to Heart and Soul Cafe. I overheard a little conversation that the restaurant was sold, but that everything was going to stay the same. I had two wonderful experiences here, one with friends for lunch about a month ago, and the other last week. Both our servers were warm and attentive. The restaurant is really homey, except for the pretentious 1957 Chevy car booth, which we had to sit in just once for the experience. Interesting how people either love the car or hate it . . . True classic car aficionados can't believe that someone would actually do that to an otherwise glorious specimen!

Our lunches, both the first time and the second, were fresh, of good quality, and plentiful. There was no skimping on the sides of potatoes, or on the sandwiches or salads themselves. I do wish they would serve some breakfast items until later in the day, but it gives us another reason to go back. 

Unlike some other reviewers, we found that we received great value for the price.

I hope with the new ownership that nothing changes. You know what they say, "If it ain't broke . . . "
Went here for the first time a few days ago.  Breakfast was very good.  Best crispy breakfast potatoes!  The spinach omelet was great.  They have a large dog friendly patio too!  We will be back for lunch sometime.
AWESOME! Service, Food, Will be back!
Great Breakfast and service
My family and I stopped here for breakfast on our way to Sedona. The place is charming and the food exceeded my expectations. I'm not much of a breakfast food person but decided to give the Chorizo Omelette a try. It was delicious; Not greasy or heavy, just delicately flavored with light cheese, avocado, and chorizo. My mom ordered the Bacon & Blueberry pancakes which we all demanded she share (they were out of this world good) and my dad and husband both had the Heavenly Hash which was ok, but lacked potatoes which left them both a bit disappointed. If I'm in the area again, I will definitely be back for some pancakes!
Great casual place in strip mall.  Looks like one of those places you'd drive right by without giving two thoughts about.  Well make sure you stop in!!   Great casual menu with inventive salads and fantastic fried chicken!  Try the pork chops with Green Chile sauce too! On Mondays all you can eat Fried Chicken!   But the stealth meal here is breakfast.  Sneaks up on you as its too much better and inventive than you'd expect!  Try the Bloody Mary with Bacon!!
$2.00 Mimosa, biscuit and gravy, good coffee. Portions big. Service with a smile.
I've had mixed feelings about this place for a while.  On our first visit, the food was tasty but the service was terrible.  On our second visit, they were out of a lot of everything.  I had more or less written this place off.  

However, in our neighborhood, restaurants are slim pickins'.  I kept seeing reviews for breakfast/brunch at Heart & Soul and decided to give it a whirl once more.  

I'm glad we did.  They offer $3 mimosas on the weekends which were quite tasty (it may have been cheap bubbly but it didn't taste like it).  For those who prefer a hair of the dog, they have a bacon bloody mary that was delicious as well.  My apple pancakes were delicious - clearly homemade and freshly prepared.  I had a bite of the bacon blue pancakes (which were very interesting) as well as the crazy biscuit.   They pride themselves on their pork green chile but I found the real star to be the pork gravy.  

Service was attentive and prompt.  I think we have a winner!  :)
A couple of years ago, we ventured into Heart and Soul for a mediocre, forgettable but not too terrible an experience.  Last night, we thought we'd give them another try since we heard that they had new owners and had expanded their space to include outside dining.  As we walk up to the place, we notice that the outside dining (which had heaters) was not open.. on a beautiful evening.  So we walk inside and wait to be seated.  We peruse the menu and decided on the Sirloin steak with Blue Cheese.  Our server came over after a while to get our drink order.  It's now 10 minutes into the experience.  I'm looking around and no one has been served anything from the kitchen since we had sat down.  The server comes back to take our dinner order and was shaking her head looking a bit pissed.  When we asked what was wrong, she said that the cooks in the kitchen didn't even tell her that they were out of an item and waited 20 minutes after she had put in that order to tell her to have the customers order something else.  I'd be pissed too - being put in that position by my kitchen staff.  So we ask what they were out of... and of course, it was Sirloin steak.  How are you out of Sirloin steak on a Saturday night at 7 pm?  So we changed our mind and ordered the chicken.  Then the real waiting begins.  So it's now 20 minutes and only two dishes have been brought out from the kitchen.  Diners who have not received their food are walking out, disgusted.  People are being left at the entrance - never acknowledged - so they walk out.  The table behind us (the car booth table) speak to the server - they had been there an hour with no food, nothing.  One of the diners was diabetic and had to eat - they asked for bread.  Which the server did not bring.  Another table stood up to leave but as they did, the server brings them their salads.  Salads -something that should have taken 10 minutes?    The meals were coming out, one or two at a time.  The server mentioned that their head chef wasn't there tonight - that's not an excuse in my book - a kitchen should be able to run perfectly - with or without their head chef.    So we decide to cut our losses - we left as well.  There were only 9 tables of people with three servers when we left.  The only graceful moment was when our server comped our wine when I asked to be cashed out.  During the time we were there, four seated tables walked and two other potential tables turned around and left.  I truly don't know if we will ever dare a third attempt.
I've only eaten here once and my first time was very pleasing! I got the Italian Frittata and it was amazing. The service was great and did not have to wait long at all for my food. I did end up having a small stomach ache a little while after I left but that was only because of the large amount of cheese in the omelet. Other than that I definitely recommend this place for breakfast!
We've been 3 more times since the first.  It's always great.
So, today (Wednesday) we went to the Heart and Soul cafe to get breakfast. Now, apparently they stop serving breakfast at 11:30 on weekdays, and since we were already there all the way from Peoria, we decided to give lunch a go. So, there menu wasn't horribly diverse, but we managed to get something that suited our tastes. I got  a turkey BLT and my mother got a... I think it was something like a southwestern burger (it had chilies). We got a seat right in front of the car booth, and it was a nice spot. The server was nice and friendly and the only thing that she messed up on was that at the end she gave us the wrong check (was quickly fixed). The food was good, and the burger my mom had was one of the best burgers that we've had in a long time. Mine was good, it was nice and fresh, but nothing special (it is REALLY huge though, and it's mostly stuffed with turkey). But the best part was the fries/ sweet potato fries. They were DELICIOUS. Anyways, we were satisfied and we're thinking of going back for breakfast some time.
I live very close so go there often. Love the weekly specials - Friday Fish & Chips, Wednesday Buttermilk Chicken, Thursday Burger with Green Chili on Top. Wow, really spicy and delicious. They just opened the new bar and it's very nice and relaxed. It's a nice neighborhood restaurant & bar.
BLUEBERRY BACON MOTHERF***ING PANCAKES.

No, seriously. The bacon is INSIDE the pancakes. 

You have never tried anything like this before.

Do it! Go! now!
I loved this place!  True, I've only been once but honestly between the ambiance and food, I wouldn't hesitate to go again.  If I had to say one complaint, I would have to say that the whole time I was there, I got great device, until I was ready to leave and I didn't have a check to pay lol.  The coffee is a little strong, but that might just be me.  The pancakes are huge and light and fluffy with fresh ingredients.  I had the apple cinnamon ones (I couldn't work myself up to the blue bacon ones).  I can't wait to go back but have to pace myself to keep my waistline :).
Went for lunch recently, only one server was working but she was doing a great job.  I had a burger which was well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  My girlfriend had a grilled cheese sandwich with other veggies which she said was mediocre at best. The worst part of all this was the grilled cheese sandwich cost us $15.  My sirloin burger was cheaper than that but still it cost $14.  We both also realized that the restaurant was out of many menu items, such as provolone cheese which would have made a better grilled cheese sandwich. This place is in a great location and could get a regular following if they get better prices and better product ordering.
So unfortunately I was watching my figure at the time that I ate here. Luckily, I decided to order the most unhealthy salads EVER. The BLT Chicken salad. 

This salad is probably exactly what you think it is, Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon.... and Fried Chicken, with Bleu Cheese dressing. I probably should have just said to hell with it and gotten whatever I wanted instead of restricting myself to the salad section for no reason.  Either way, this place is pretty damn good. 

There is a hot rod in the middle of the restaurant, and the vibe is pretty unique and inviting. I wish I could have made it in for breakfast, there is some sort of concoction in here that I believe was on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, which I am not sure of the name at this point, but from pictures I saw, you should get it for breakfast.
Well, first of all, I am not sure what Kelly V. is saying about restaurants being "slim pickins".  I live in Cave Creek and between Cave Creek, Carefree, Anthem, Desert Hills, and North of Tatum in general, there's an eatery every 100 ft, it seems.  (Maybe she meant diners-style places?)  But in any case, y'all don't be afraid to come up this way to satisfy your appetites---we got something to appeal to everyone!

That being said---this review was supposed to be for breakfast but because of a computer issue, I didn't get my comments in before returning to try dinner.  So..

Breakfast: Friday morning, DC (Dining Companion) and myself.  Cute place, quite clean, decorated with a bizarre mix of cowboy stuff and old gas pumps and a neat old car modified into a booth in the center.  Our server was super nice and very prompt and attentive without being annoying.  Wish I could remember her name.  I ordered the Eggs Jared, the H&S version of Eggs Bennie, with bacon and a jalapeno cream sauce instead of Canadian bacon and hollandaise.  Really tasty.  The addition of the slice of tomato didn't add a lot, because it was a pretty typical AZ hothouse tomato---pale and sad and tasteless.  The jalapeno cream was delicious and what can you say bad about bacon?  The side of roasted potatoes were the perfect balance of crisp and soft and beautifully seasoned.  A winner.  DC had the house-made hash and he is a major picky-eater and he couldn't find a bad thing to say about it and lots of good.  The coffee was strong and fresh.  Great breakfast!

Dinner: Last night DH, DS (Dear Son) and DSGF (Dear Son's Girlfriend) were looking for something close and appealed to "The Kids", who will eat chicken 29 days out of 30.  The H&S dinner menu is dominated by chicken.  DH and I shrugged thinking: typical diner comfort food.

It was great and definitely a step above typical.  We started off with the Fried Green Tomato appetizer, which were delicious---crispy and juicy without being greasy and accompanied by a spicy special sauce that was so yummy we requested extra.  (That's important info for later)  Very generous amount too---easily satisfied four of us.  DH got and loved the Pasta ala Chicken (which they customized with penne rather than angel hair for him).  He raved about the richness of the sauce, the savoriness of the chicken and the toasted garlic bead that accompanied it.  The Kids both got the Caprese Pasta with Chicken and left not a scrap on their plates.  I got the special, a pan-fired Parmesan-crusted Tilapia filet with mashed potatoes and roasted asparagus.   DELISH!  Crispy and moist with lots of flavor but not too salty and perfectly cooked.  The potatoes were real---lumps!  But they needed a sauce---they were a little too dense and the tiny wedge of butter atop them was not enough.  I added that left over spicy special sauce from the Fried Green Tomatoes and created my own concoction and was happy.  The asparagus was very nicely roasted, but a few of the spears had an odd bitterness---I don't think that had anything to do with the chef though.  And it was certainly a chef and not a cook who turned out those delicious meals.  We thoroughly enjoyed.  Our server offered us some sort of house-made cream pineapple cake for dessert and we were sad not to have room.  Our server was good---not quite as personable as the young woman from breakfast, but she took care of us and kept my ice tea full.

So I can say that breakfast or dinner, Heart and Soul Cafe is a satisfying choice for a well-cooked meal at reasonable prices.
Food was very good.  I had the B and S omelet.  It was spinach, swiss, bacon and ham.  Very big omelet.  I substituted fruit for the potatos and toast.  We got there about 9:30ish and there were still plenty of seats open; however, I would recommend getting there even ealier.  Within 10-15 minutes the place was packed and people were waiting to be seated.  I think they would have more seating if they got rid of the big red car in the middle of the restaurant that only seats at most 4 people.  They could easily fit three to four other tables if they got rid of the car.  All in all the food was very good, the service was very good and I think we will return again.
Very nice - had the best Bacon Bloody Mary. Great Burgers and the Pork Chili is very nice and spicy. So happy that I live right off Carefree Highway!
What a great neighborhood find! I live just around the corner and was so exited to find a new regular place to go out to eat! The place has a great atmosphere with an old Chevy Right in the center. The staff could not be any more friendly either! When it comes to the food, you can't go wrong! The fried chicken is to die for, and I can't wait to come for breakfast to try the berry granola pancakes. I give it an A++!
Well dammit. Waitress sucked balls. And I ordered a meal that was described as having a fried and then baked tortilla. I guess that meant pre-made tortilla chips. Wtf. Green chili is nothing to rave about. I do realize we simply had a bad experience (bad waitress, etc) and know this spot is prob pretty good. Maybe. I guess. Lol.

Good news is the bacon Bloody Mary was legit and just seriously freaking amazing. !!
WOW! I came here during lunch time as it appears after their breakfast crowd rush and this place was dirty. I was literally the only person their and yet two of the waitresses standing around were busy on the phone and talking to each other instead of cleaning the disgusting floors.

Not to make my review sound harsh, but the floors were actually disgusting and no better way to put it. Including greasy smudge marks on the windows that look to have been there for a while.

As I mentioned I was the only customer there at the time and my waitress never filled my ice tea even though she was busy organizing bar items and talking on the phone. 

The food was hot and appeared to look the part at first, but after I ate their my memory of the food was not so good. I do this sometimes to where I eat somewhere and think its not bad when Im eating it then realize later it was not so good.

Overall I will never go back. Yuck!
This was one of the places that I wanted to go eat at while I was planning my trip, and since it was my last meal before I headed back made it pretty sweet. We had to leave Phoenix a little ways out, but it was worth it. We came across a strip mall plaza of sorts, which surprised me a little bit since the name sounded so quaint it made me think it might be tucked away. We went inside and felt transported with the old gas pump like fixtures and decor. We lucked out and were able to sit in the only dining table with the car. The coffee seemed particularly delicious here. I got the Heavenly Hash, and it was quite heavenly. I would love to come back and try the Famous Suicide Stack! Service was a little slow considering there wasn't too many people there on a Monday morning, so it's definitely a good time to come and not deal with the weekend rush. Prices were reasonable as well.
Went here with some friends after a hike in Cave Creek.  The bacon bloody mary was very good and food was fine too.  The food and drinks are identical to the owner's former restaurant on Hayden & Miller called Soul Cafe.  My only objection came with the bill....for 4 of us (one bloody mary drink and one meal each) was over $100 - ouch!
Being from LA, we found this place on line and tried it out this morning as I really wanted some biscuits and gravy. Luckily we got there early as the place filed up pretty quick.  I did get the Biscuits and Gravy and it was definitely 5 stars..  We were greeted by a smiling and happy waitress. Seated quickly.  As I hoped the biscuits were very very good. I would highly recommend. Did not need to add anything. Will definitely go back....
Great bloody Marys though sorely overpriced.  Service was a bit awkward but the biscuits and gravy were tasty.
The food here is always fresh and made to order! You can literally taste how fresh everything is! The staff is wonderful also -- extremely friendly and helpful. They always have a smile on their face when you see them; you can tell they enjoy working there. The raspberry granola pancakes are absolutely mouth-wateringly delicious!!! You gotta try them! You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on their menu.
We've stopped in for a late lunch twice in the past two weeks. Service has been consistently good. The place is spotless as well.  The food is great! Only complaint, if it is one at all, is there's too much food. Both times we've taken food home. Nice problem to have. This is an unpretentious, comfortable place with really good food. If you're anywhere near, stop in; you won't be disappointed.
I felt like I was back in a small town.  The staff was precious and always accommodating.  I ordered a more healthy option...or so I thought.  It was an egg white omelet with lots of veggies.  I was proud of my decision to keep on track, but it was LOADED with cheese.  However, it was very delicious -- and less unhealthy than most options.  I would go back.  They also have this booth that is made from a car....super cute and an experience!
So we've become pretty much frequent flyers at Heart & Soul, but it had been a little while and then I realized I had a Groupon that was expiring 2/16, so we stopped in for dinner on Tuesday night.

Greeted and seated by a super nice guy who ended up being our server---I never caught his name---but he was A+!  Personable, professional, well-informed on the food...

Started (as always) with the Fried Green Tomato appetizers.  They rock my world, they are so good.  Super hot and fried perfectly---crisp and never greasy---with the green tomato adding a bright note.  Generous serving.  No frou-frou portions at H&S!  Comes with a side of Chipotle-mayo that adds the perfect amount of heat.

I was tempted by the Lemon Tilapia---I could hear a lady a few tables over exclaiming how good her's was----but then I fell in with DH and ordered the Blue Cheese sirloin.  I got mine with the housemade mashed taters and DH got the baked.  Sirloin can be iffy---this was not.  Cooked perfectly to order, trimmed so just the tastiest bit of fat remained, tender but with some chew and full of flavor...  Dressed with just the right amount of blue cheese sauce.  I had remarked in a previous review that the mashed potatoes are good but a bit dry---these were beautiful in texture and served with two generous pats of butter spilling lovely, butter-y goodness over the snowy folds of potato perfection.  DH's baked potato was a baked potato, except someone with flair had cut it with a cool little zig-zag rather than a straight slit---we admired that artistic touch!  Oh, and to accompany---grilled yellow squash and zucchini.  DH is a pro at grilling these two veggies---our faves!---and these were very well done---hot and crisp-tender and well-seasoned.  Maybe we would have liked just a touch of char, but we are used to them being done on a grill.

Our server said it was Romero in the kitchen---thank you, Romero.  Great job!

We were STUFFED at the end, but our very good server convinced us to take home some peach cobbler for afters.  This is where there was a slight falter.  Both DH and I have southern roots (WV and NC) and we know our cobbler.  This was a little too cakey---a cobbler should raise up and embrace the fruit.  But the peaches were very good, with a nice bite and not too sweet.  Yummy ice cream, too!  Cakey or not, we ate it!

Okay, H&S doesn't have the ambiance of Cafe Bink or maybe the self-conscious "foodie" attitude, but comparing them on service and quality of execution----and reasonable menu prices----I don't understand why Heart and Soul doesn't have the SRO crowd every night  that Binks gets.  It looks like a diner, but it's comfort food at a higher level.
Went a couple years ago and my friend wrote an unflattering review, because the wait staff was slow, un attentive, just not a good time   Anyway, back today with friends from Oregon.  Completely different experience. Seated fast, order taken, food hot, coffee frequently topped off without asking.
My friends wife has serious food allergies and other issues. The waitress wrote everything down and before cooking the chef came out to confirm that her eggs would be cooked in a pan without any ingredients bad for her. 
It's been two years, but I'm glad I went back.  Great experience all around
I hate to do this but...this place has been consistently disappointing. The last 2 times I went with my husband we were charged more on the bill than the menu price but they are so short staffed, it was impossible to get anyone's attention in a timely manner to point this out (so we ended up paying and leaving because we had places to be). We emailed the owner about this and got no response! We ran into him a neighboring business and when we tried to talk to him about it he bolted (he was nice until he realized we had negative feedback).

Now about the food. In a word, it's bland. I've been impressed with one thing there. The pumpkin pancakes. The first time I went I ordered the roasted vegetable sandwich and was informed they didn't have all of the veggies listed but were substituting others. Only the sandwich came and not only were these veggies undercooked, they were clealy not roasted and it didn't have the items I was told it would. Again it was pretty flavorless. Husband had beef stroganoff and had to add a lot of salt. 

They have my favorite vodka but the drinks are way overpriced compared to the place down the road where we saw the Heart and Soul owner!

I REALLY wanted to like this place and have tried at least 4 times. Not any more. Not EVER.
I had the green chili burger and it was delicious! The decor in here is interesting- 50's diner, western, and tatted up biker all going on at the same time but the atmosphere is nice. Usually fries are nothing to write home about but the mix fries here are so freaking good! I think that chili burger is probably the best I've had. I can't wait to try them for breakfasts.
Another fabulous breakfast.  Too fabulous.  We were going to go hiking at Spur Cross and we ended up auto-hiking thru Tonto.  We were too fat and lazy to walk after inhaling massive, delicious portions of food.
Great home cooked food in a relaxed, non-corporate atmosphere. The new owners are great and they've added a bar with nightlife and live music.
The breakfast menu here is epic. So many things to pick from. I went with the breakfast burrito which was  huge!  the service here was great and they kept filling my cup of apple juice up. The decor was cowboy americana style which was pretty cool coming from the southeast/northeast. I enjoyed the food very much.
Great Great food, I love the grilled Vegetable salad, to die for, and just had their homemade blueberry cobbler, the Best cobbler I have ever had, Great family owned restaurant.....
Food is really good...if you are willing to put up with bad service. Very slow, lazy staff make this place one to avoid. We tried it twice with the same results.
I only have three words to say: to-die-for.  Wednesday nights: all you can eat Buttermilk Fried Chicken, homemade gravy and mashed taters and sauteed veggies.  Would have loved to finish up with the Peach Cobbler but one plate of delectable chicken and we could hardly walk.

Never have had a bad service there.

The decor is still kind of weird.  Cowboys and red convertibles.  Guess there's a country song in there somewhere!
Strawberry salad is wonderful as is the fried chicken. Be sure to come by and sign in to yelp for a 5% discount
Their chilaquiles are NOT chilaquiles .... It was Pork Green Chile Nachos with an egg on top. Flavor was good. But not what we were anticipating. We drove 30 min to be somewhat disappointed. I still have a craving for REAL chilaquiles. We also left there about 45 min ago and both of us are feeling the bubble guts coming on. I also ordered a pancake because I heard that they were one of the best in Phoenix. It was flat. I was hoping for something fluffy. I don't think I will be coming back. Another one and done.
Having missed Bar Kohl for some time now as it is not in the area which I frequent on nights out, a detour led us to the hip hop bar for a few drinks before our night out.

Bar Kohl has a huge range of drinks on offer, as well as a healthy selection of cocktails - and all very nicely priced, which was a pleasent suprise. The atmosphere is fun and staff are friendly, not to mention fast. The bar is full of tables for a group of mates, as well as some dark nooks and crannys for hiding away with one of the many flavoured vodkas.

However, Bar Kohl isnt without its problems - toilets are a bit questionable (wet floors and strange smells), and - without wanting to sound like my father - the music is ear bleedingly loud. Not the type of place I would suggest going to for a deep philospohical conversation.

Having discovered Bar Kohl, its a certaintly that I will be returning - although perhaps only for a few early drinks before moving on to other places.
I'm fairly sure if there were a medical condition to describe cocktail addiction, I would have it. For that reason, I am in love with this bar.

As a student you automatically get any cocktail normally up to the value of £7 (pretty much all of them) for £3.50... Winner. And, as my drink of choice is a dirty vodka martini I was pleased to see that, despite my best efforts on several occasions, I couldn't drink them out of olives and Noilly Prat. The whole place has a relaxed vibe to it and yet it's never boring; in fact during the evenings this place attracts a sizeable crowd. When you see how many different spirits, and how many different types of each spirit they have, it's not difficult to see why.

Why did I only give it 4 stars then? They've recently put all the cocktail prices up by 5p so that most of them are now worth £7.05 and thus no longer valid on the snapfax deal (I know that sounds really tight but I am a student at the end of the day). And also the loos... If there's one thing that I never like to see when I go into the Ladies' it's a cold-as-ice aluminium toilet seat. Ever.

It's still by far one of the best bars in the grassmarket area. If you like cocktails even a tiny little bit and you're ever within a ten mile radius of this bar, go.
Bar Kohl is definitely one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh, although I am a little disappointed that they've gotten rid of their old cocktail menu. The old menu was so cute and it had little hand drawn cocktails and was all hand written too, it made choosing one of their delicious cocktails even more exciting. Their new menu is just a plain, boring old menu and even though the cocktails are still great, it's taken away some of the charm. 

I was here last week and ordered a cocktail called Candy... something, it had sugar syrup, palma violet flavoured vodka and even a squirt of the raspberry sauce you get on ice-cream cones! G-Bot wanted a Mint Julep and I went up to order, there was only one girl serving and she was busy making a few cocktails so I waited for her to finish. She was clearly a perfectionist or possibly just the slowest cocktail maker in the world. She was cutting fruit, shaking various coloured liquids together and even meticulously placing mint leaves in each glass. She was just placing the finished garnish on each drink when another member of staff came over to serve me. I was looking forward to my cocktails getting the same attention after waiting around 15 minutes, unfortunately this guy took a more wham bam approach to his work. Throwing a couple of limes here, a couple there, a squirt of soda water and they were complete.

Although they still tasted pretty good, they weren't as good as the cocktails usually taste here but they were £5 each so pretty reasonable I guess.

As well as cocktails you can also get pub grub in Bar Kohl, they also have special offers such as 2 for 1 on burgers and hot dogs.

The general atmosphere is pretty chilled out, minimalist and modern... even though it's "modern" it somehow feels slightly out-dated, maybe by about 3 years. 

Still a great little (actually quite large) bar though - I'm a fan!
This bar is spread over two rooms with two bars serving it. There isn't really much of a dancefloor(a bit in the back) but there is plenty of seating area. I liked the hip decour and lists all over the walls of their drinks and shot.

Ok so I will start with the negatives:

The music is way way too loud from opening to closing for a bar which is meant to be more of a lounge rather than a club. And it's primarily hip hop.
The crowds on a Friday/Saturday can be very rowdy and the age group can suddenly soar to mid 40s. 

Positives:
The drink selections. So many to choose from. Not just cocktails but a great variety of shots too! I particularly like the Obama Shot, the absinth minded and the Slumdog Millionaire Cocktail. For those who are into hot stuff, some like it hot shot is for them, (Black peppercorn vodka, tabasco and something else equally hot).

So it's not your sophisticated cocktail bar by any stretch of the imagination, but it sure is a fun place to drink.
Do you want to try every flavour of vodka under the sun, while listening to the latest booming R&B beats in a darkened, icy, but oh-so-cool looking environment? Then you've come to the right place.

I always recall getting asked for ID repetitively every time I came to this bar in previous years, while none of my friends ever seemed to get halted at the door, and left to stand rummaging for a provisional driving license in the cold. Now, at the age of 26, I'm still getting ID'd here, but maybe I should just be thankful that someone in the world still thinks I look underage.

All this is a small price to pay for the wondrous glasses and pitchers of cocktails that are prepared inside, and there are so very many to sample, over 100 in fact, with astonishingly close to 400 vodkas to taste on top of this.
Bar Kohl has been a mainstay of Edinburgh's pub scene for a fair few years now (perhaps more than ten...) and for good reason; it has a lively buzzy atmosphere, a good central location (which used to be perfect for pre-Liquid Room drinks) and a great selection of drinks. 

It could perhaps lay claim to be Edinburgh's first vodka bar and the owners embark on a vodka buying trip every year to ensure they stay one step ahead of the competition. The range of cocktails on offer is as diverse as the clientele inside. Once upon a time they used to serve one called 'Fab' which tasted exactly like the ice lollies of the same name, genius. 

Although not immediately apparent from the outside (the windows are opaque and the bar's exterior doesn't give too many clues as to what lies inside), the surroundings are unpretentious and I'd feel equally comfortable in here dressed up to the nines or in my slobby jeans and trainers. This is a great place to start or finish a night out.
After a slightly underwhelming recent visit to Bar Kohl, I was tempted to reduce their score to four stars, but since on previous occasions I've found it to be almost faultless, I'll let them away with it, just this once.

Not a loathsome style bar, and not a neighbourhood pub, it lingers in a middleground and is the kind of place that no matter what you're wearing or what age you are, you're unlikely to feel out of place. The mainly hip hop soundtrack does put some people off, but it's one of the only places in Edinburgh, perhaps Scotland that plays music from the genre that falls into neither the crass and shallow "bling bling" bracket, or the backpacker style dirges loved by stoned students.

On my last visit though, I was slightly annoyed to find that the old, hand-drawn cocktail menus had been replaced by something that was more suited to Yates's Wine Lodge, and if I'm being honest, my Drambuie Mint Julep tasted worryingly like an old bit of chewing gum.

Bearing in mind these are the only grievances I've had in many visits here, and the menu gripe in particular, is fairly minor, I'm sure they were just having an off night. Still one of my favourite bars around.
I keep hearing people rave about Bar Kohl so I had to try it.

There is a huge selection of drinks, my friend thrust one in my direction that tasted like a Fab Ice lolly. I couldn't tell you what it was called, but it tasted so good I drank it too quickly and ended up repeating this a lot through the night. The next morning was a bit of a nightmare, and the shock when I looked at my bank balance almost knocked me out. But it was a good, fun night so it was worth it. This place is great for a group, although the music is a little questionable.
The moody candle lit interior and attractive drinks menu seem to be a consistent hit with punters as I always see a busy Bar Kohl.  They claim a large selection of as they put it 'vodka in the freezer' such as Moskovskaya Limon and Wyborowa. I've never heard of them either but they do taste bloody good.

Music tends to be on more mellow side of hip/hop and house so expect a lounge-esque backtrack. Prices aren't the cheapest either, this is further exacerbated by a complete lack of offers or discounts. For this it gets 3 stars.
My previous  review highlighted a lack of offers, this has now been challenged with this bold printout slapped on their notice board (see picture). 

Still there's a lack of offers regarding drinks...
I agree with Alice, it's not somewhere that I go often but find it really enjoyable when I do go.
It's got a great bar and the staff are really friendly, as well as really handsome (well, the men anyway)

It's definitely a good place to come to have a laugh with your friends, it's god a good atmosphere and is always a fun place to be.
As someone who doesn't drink (yes, there are people like me!), I don't tend to frequent many bars or clubs.  I have visited Bar Kohl once though, and I felt I should share my experience with this place.

First and foremost, Bar Kohl is a vodka bar.  There is a seemingly endless list of different sorts and flavours of vodka that will satisfy any connoisseur.  I perused their list of mocktails, which is nicely filled for people just like me!  I can't remember exactly what the name was of what I had, but it was very tasty indeed.  The only thing with drinks that are very tasty is that I tend to drink them very fast, meaning that the pleasure of the taste is only momentary.  A J2O is another drink that suffers the same fate.  And Innocent Smoothies for that matter.

Anyway, I mostly enjoyed my time at this bar.  It was reasonably busy, but we managed to find somewhere to sit.  I don't think I can fault them to be honest.  I'll have to go back sometime to see if my experience is any different.
I went to Bar Kohl with some mates last Friday night before heading out and we all had an amazing time!  From the outside it looks pretty suave and trendy, but it's certainly not pretensious with friendly, down to earth staff and cool decor.  
The main attraction of this place has to be it's great selection of drinks on offer.  Girls definitely love the cocktails which are surprisingly well priced as with the rest of their drinks.  
We started off with a few pints of Fruli which is a delicious strawberry flavoured beer.  These were followed by shots of apple flavoured vodka which tasted brilliant.  
We all had a great time due to the friendly staff, lively crowd it attracts and pleasant ambiance.
This is one of the best affordable cocktail bars in Edinburgh. Yes, there are better ones on George Street and the like, but they are so much more expensive and really pretentious. Bar Kohl is not like this, it looks like a modern pub / bar on the inside and has a cool atmosphere. They do have a projector that sometimes shows the football, but this is not a major feature.

It sells itself by being one of the only cocktail bars in this part of town. And the cocktails are great. There is a pretty big menu of all different types, martinis, mojitos, cosmos, white russians, long island iced teas etc and they all taste amazing. Well to be honest I have not tried all of them but have made solid headway through the menu. The best is the raspberry mule, which is basically a Moscow mule with raspberry juice and fresh raspberries in which is awesome.

The best part is the price; any cocktail under £7 is reduced to £3.50 with a Snapfax, making it one of the cheapest cocktail bars around. They also do a wide selection of shooters, but at about £4 each these are a bit steeper. Definitely a good place to go if you are looking for somewhere different from the standard touristy pubs that adorn the Royal Mile.
Bar Kohl is all about cocktails and indeed they make very good cocktails here.  Not only that, but there is a vast range of cocktails on offer so onlyu those with a superior knowledge of cocktails are going to recognise the majority of those on offer.  Thankfully, a list of specials is placed on the wall and indeed those without much preference might find this a good place to start.

You rarely find much of a crowd in here and it's always fairly quiet, but this is due to the natrue of their trade; you don't spend an hour sipping away at the drinks here - it's more a down the hatch job and soon you'll be on your way.  This does, however, make it a must have on any pub crawl and well worth a visit.
I went to this bar with a couple of friends when we had an hour or so to kill between shows at the Fringe and we needed a break from the Pleasance Courtyard and it's hot dogs.

We were staying in a hostel so felt the need to sit somewhere a little more pleasant for the hour so we settled upon this lovely looking place.

Had we been in for the night we would've sampled the gorgeous array of cocktails that were on offer but instead we just went for the wine to tide us over which was very good indeed.

The menu is fairly limited but the food was good. My two friends had the chicken Caesar salad which they both enjoyed although they were both a little confused by the inclusion of boiled eggs. I had the spicy chicken burger which I can highly recommend. A massive breast of chicken that was gorgeously spicy and came with near perfect chips.

The service was a little slow which can't be blamed on the volume of people as were the only people at the bar. They also got my order wrong at first but were quick to rectify the mistake.

Overall it was a lovely bar and somewhere a bit different to the usual pubs and outdoor courtyards on offer during the Fringe.
It might just be that I'm too old for this place.  I've been coming to Bar Kohl for oh...15 years or so.  They used to have a more extensive list of flavored vodkas but the ones that remain are still delicious and unusual.  The space has tripled in size since I was there last and lost some of its coziness so for that it loses a star.
I hate to sit on the fence. Not least because it's pointy and uncomfortable, but wishy-washy is not normally my style. And it's not that I'm being wishy-washy with my three stars. It's more that it's half-yey and half-hmmm.

Steven B (West Coast yelper, yo') and I stopped by here for some pre-show munch in the form of burgers. The show was in Teviot and we wanted somewhere close by. In the midst of Festival madness, I'd read that Bar Kohl is often quiet and is actually really big inside despite its somewhat small space on George IV bridge. 

I also read that it does vodka. A lot of vodka. But hardly any Yelp reviews mentioned the food - what's with that people?! So here is my flip-side review in which no alcohol was partook of but the burgers sure were.

They've got a pretty good burger menu. Most pubs'll do a beef burger, a veggie burger and occasionally a rogue chicken burger. I think they had about 4 different types of beef burgers, a lamb burger, veggie burger and 'The Cougar' - the chicken burger which I opted for.

Now, the YEY comes in with The Cougar (I had it Cajun style, added jalapeños). It was literally a whole, huge chicken breast in delicious cajun spices. It was so juicy, and tender, and spicy, and really all I could ask for in a chicken-breast burger. The jalapeños in particular deserve a special shout out as they were SPICY. I know right? Most places I got I can't even taste the jalapeños which makes me think they're old. These certainly had a kick.

It came presented on a wooden tray (wooden trays with food are so hot right now. Seriously, everywhere is doing it). A nice freshly baked sesame bun, not store-bought methinks. A wee pot of coleslaw and a larger pot of fries.

I usually don't eat my chips as bread and meat does me fine, add in potatoes and I'm in a food coma. I tried one or two but was glad I don't normally eat the chips as they were very pale, and hardly been cooked at all. They werent BAD, or still actually frozen, but they were luke-warm and jst a bit 'meh'.

Steven B tells me his beef burger was good. He went for the plain ol' standard beef burger. The lettuce and tomato was there, check. Nice bun. Check. But from what I could see his beef burger was about half the size of my chicken breast burger. It was really quite thin. It says on the menu quarter-pounders and that they're home-made but side-by-side it just looked a bit paltry. He was the one eating it, not me, and he didnt complain.

However, knowing that when I go for burgers with other folk and I always get chicken burgers, they often get beef. And I know they'd be disappointed with the size of that burger. And therein, good people of yelp, lies the problem and the 50/50 scenario. AWESOME chicken burger, teeny-tiny beef burger. But as I said, he ate it all and enjoyed it. I just know I would have had food envy of the one that I got *smug look*

I will be back to try the huge range of vodka. And that does look pretty special. This review is for the food alone, and like I said whilst one half was amazing the other half was a bit meh which leaves me sitting on this rather awkward fence.
How best to summarise my recent visit to Bar Kohl with the Queen of Edinburgh that is Jenny L? It goes a little something ah like ah this..

First impression: Looks lovely, both from the outside and the warm cosy interior which, as has been mentioned succinctly elsewhere, is much bigger than one might have expected.

Our M.O. was for food, with drinks being an afterthought - not the other way around as was the impression I was getting from both the previous reviews and all the menus and scribblings on the walls from this place who were boasting their range of vodkas and cocktails but saying nothing about the food.

And so, I believe this place to be one of those places where the food is the afterthought. That's not to say the food wasn't good, because it was, with Jenny's chicken burger looking, smelling and I have been assured tasting dynamite. My ol' classic burger with lettuce and tomato was really nice in a crispy bun with a pot of fries and coleslaw on one of those funky wee wooden slabs you see in a lot of meaty joints nowadays. Felt like I got my moneys worth but the burger was a skinny McBurger type affair. Sigh.

I would go back to try the drinks, the special effects of this place in an Avatar analogy where the food is very much the plot.

I was delighted to get my pint of Kopparberg in an actual pint glass that read 'Kopparberg'. That doesn't actually happen very often..
What the ...?

First I have to say that I'm aware that I'm going against the grain here, with my one star review, but despite raving reviews I had a markedly different experience. So please, bear with me and read the below.

Right. I went here on a Thursday night with a group of people from what is called the cocktail society. Surprisingly I did not have a cocktail, which apparently is what the bar is known for, because I figured if I did, I'd end up falling off my chair instead of sitting neatly upright on it. 

Now me and my friend both decided to have a glass of wine and get this, they made the ultimate wine faux pas. Firstly, my glass of wine suddenly went from 3.75 on the menu to 4.20 in person. I asked several times if they'd given me the correct one, even pointing out the different price in the menu, but to no avail, the price was 4.20. Okay, well, that can happen.

But guess what happened next? They use cocktail measuring cups to measure out the wine for a small or medium sized glass. I guess it's fairer that way, but it sure looks a little .. sleazy. Yes, I said it. I don't want my wine in a metal cocktail measuring cup before drinking it. I'm sure that doesn't help the flavour.

They measured mine (a red) out first, and then .. oh then, the ultimate, deadly faux pas of winery: they poured my friend's white into the exact same measuring cup used to measure the red, without washing it first. That's right, no washing, nothing. We just looked at each other and sighed. This was going to be a special night.

After that I asked for a jug of water, the waiter confirmed by asking if we'd like a jug -yes we would please- and brought us two glasses instead.

Three strikes and you're out. Come on, you can't measure out wine in cocktail measuring cups that are unwashed. Gross.

I'd give this a miss.  

P.s. Of course it is entirely possible that the person behind the bar was new, and made some mistakes because of it. However, if that's the case he should've been supervised to make sure the quality of the drinks was not affected!
Admittedly, what first caught my attention of this place was its name, because of it's similarity to my own name. The BF and I originally planned to just have a late night drink here while on holiday in Edinburgh, but after not being able to get in at a restaurant across the street on a Saturday night, we decided to eat dinner here as well. The space is very attractive inside and lit by candlelight at night. One half is primarily just a bar and open space, and the other half has tables and chairs for dining, with free w-fi available throughout (just ask the bartender for the code). It's set up like a traditional British Pub where you order your food at the bar and give them the table number you're sitting at, but service is still timely and friendly.

Much of the menu looked appetizing, and the prices seemed more than reasonable. We decided to get a couple different pasta dishes to share: Their menu has changed a bit from the menu currently listed on their website, but one was a chicken pesto pasta and the other a spicy andouille sausage pasta with peppers. Both were good, but the sausage one was one of the best dishes I ate during our entire holiday. It was so full of flavor because the meat was extremely plentiful. If you're not much of a pasta lover, they do offer a good selection of burgers (including chicken, lamb and veggie varieties), and all burgers and main dishes are 2-for-1 Sunday thru Thursday!!  

Now on to the drinks...
Bar Kohl is the original vodka bar of Edinburgh. They have over 50 different flavors as they've gotten quite creative with their Absolut infusions. We opted to get a pitcher of FAB, which is one of their specialty mixes consisting of strawberry infused Absolut, Stoli Razberi, Havana Club rum, Blue Curaçao, Midori, grenadine, blackcurrant and milk. It was AMAZING!! If we didn't have late night plans, I could've stayed at Bar Kohl all night trying different concoctions from their flavorful well!
Okay, so I know that I've just written my review of  Bar Kohl and was not that impressed, but I need to adjust my view of this place.

I was here last Friday, on the Friday before Halloween that is, and it was a regular party. There were a lot of groups of the young, hot and presumably, single, milling about having a good time, and the music was spot on (pop, hiphop, R 'n B).

Perhaps it was the vibe that was different on a weekend, maybe the Tequila shots that went down oh so smooth, but I liked it, I like it a lot.

Yes, the bartenders were a bit clumsy and didn't seem to know what a proper Tequila shot is about (with salt, and lime please) but still, the place looked very hip and dashing and most importantly: I had an absolute blast, though that may have been the company. ;)

I'd say, go see for yourself!
Hmmm, I have a sneaky suspicion that someone's been reading their reviews online!

When I last wrote about Bar Kohl I got into a major hissy fit because the bartender poured red win into a cylinder to measure out the glass, and then without washing said metal cylinder, poured white into it. This was not at all A-Ok to me or my girl-date (stole that one from Jen L. ha!).

Having been back twice in the past week (end of the semester, don't judge), I have been pleasantly surprised. Not only did they wash every single glass and utensil that was used in the bar, they were extraordinarily meticulous about measurements, tasting cocktails and making sure flavours where spot on. Needless to say, I really really enjoyed the cocktails, and judging by the state of them, so did the girls.

One tiny mishap, one bartender tasted the cocktail (it was the same one with the cylinder a few weeks ago) decided he didn't like the taste, then used the same straw that he'd just stuck into his mouth to taste the cocktail again. Bad move.

Bar Kohl, work at it, you're getting there, but for the love of the holy spaghetti monster, PLEASE tell your bartenders to keep their saliva out of my drinks. 

Ta,
Lou
went in here for a spot of lunch on Sunday with the family after a swim to satisfy a hunger for burgers! was really impressed all round..the environment is one of a NYC burger joint/diner & is is cool place to hang...it has a ware-housey feel on the one side & a cosy bar feel on the other.
      2 for 1 on main meals with 2 full-priced drinks bought is a great deal - we had 2 of the tasty burgers from the burger menu but had trouble deciding as they all looked good. The rest of the menu is good too -  have sampled the chicken caesar & club sandwich before & they were both really tasty. Burgers come served on a wood serving board with coleslaw, fries & relish & the homemade patties are big enough & filling.
    It's a child-friendly environment (in the daytime) which is a big deciding factor on where we lunch - we sat through the back in the big open area with seats & our 2 yr old was happy having a wee wander & play in the corners..the staff were laid back about having kids with us (we also had our 7 week-old baby in a car seat - no problems). Good music, good ambiance, friendly service & a simple, tasty menu.
  I'd also like to point out that this place is well-known for it's vast range of vodka's & cocktails but on this occasion we kept it simple with a pint of Tennents & a glass of house red.
Solid burgers here. Perhaps not a pinnacle of medium rare glory, but the taste is right and portions are filling. I'd opt for the sweet chili sauce as an extra topping; it combines with the default sauce in weird and interesting ways!
Bar Kohl is a spirit bar, there is a massive range of tasty alcohol goodness, yet a surprising number of male twenty-somethings come here and drink pints of generic lager... I tend to take a more "when in rome" approach and happily drink random purple/blue/pink concoction be it in a cocktail glass or pitcher rather than a pint of beer or cider.

What I am really trying to say is Bar Kohl is a guilty pleasure, it is ok to drink ridiculous things here (and some of the shooters on offer really are) and just have a laugh. For a mixed group Bar Kohl is ideal, I just don't understand why a lot of the lads don't join in the fun!
I came here last night with the Italian society at the University of Edinburgh. We get a 50% discount off food and cocktails from Monday-Thursday, which makes the drink prices here reasonable, and the food prices very good!

I am yet to have a burger here, though I have heard amazing things about these burgers, the vegetarian ones included. Last night I didn't want anything to drink but I shared some chips with friends. They served us a couple of bowls of thin American style fries, and a couple of bowls of the more substantial variety... I like the latter! They were thick, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. They were served on wooden trays, which as Jenny.L mentioned seems to be very hot right now.

On the table there was ketchup, mustard, vinegar and mayonnaise. I was with a bunch of Italians who didn't want to put vinegar on the chips, bad times... They were decent chips anyway, and didn't cost too much.

The drinks are very hit and miss. I got an amazing gin and tonic here once, which was made using hendricks gin and a slice of cucumber, with just enough ice. I do feel however that often the staff put way too much ice in the cocktails, which dilutes the flavour. I had a 'caiprinha' here last time, and was so disappointed. In Brazil, and even in British cocktail bars which know how to do it right, this cocktail is sweet, rich, there is a definite taste of lime, and a hit of cachuaca (rum like sugar cane drink). Unfortunately here the ice made the drink taste of very little, and it was gone in a few seconds. I have tasted a few drinks my friends have bought, and it seems to be a common trend. The bramble tastes more like cucumber than anything else, whereas some of the more fruity drinks just taste like watered down fruit juice.

They could do some much better than this! They have some wonderful ingredients, the cocktails look fantastic and the space is really lovely. Please use less ice and concentrate more on the potentially wonderful flavours!
Many moons ago, in a former life when I worked around the corner, I was a frequent visitor to Bar Kohl: its character, decor and some of its vodkas a welcome sanctuary at the end of a day. Sadly those days are no more, so it's rare that I call in now. Thankfully the old strengths remain: this is a busy, attractive and welcoming place, with knowledgeable staff and plenty of style.

The vodka is important in a place that has built its reputation on offering the best selection in town. I'm no expert on the matter, mainly restricting myself to the occasional bottle picked up at duty free, but Bar Kohl follows up on its promise to offer just the right tipple for every mood. They infuse plenty of their own, as well as stocking the newest creations from Absolut, Stoli and others. From time to time there'll be Marmite, bacon, apple, tea, mango, chilli and more, some 40 varieties at any given time. Add to that the changing menu of shooters and cocktails and you can picture the cornucopia of distilled treats ready and waiting for adventurous patrons.
Really great burgers...
Make their own flavoured vodka!
Good Snapfax deals too.
I returned here for lunch yesterday with some friends, armed with a snap fax.

The 50% discount made the meal really cheap,my friends paid around £3.50 for their burgers with chips, I paid £1.75 for my sweet potato chips (cannot eat gluten). This discount makes the prices extremely reasonable.

The sweet potato chips were a little overcooked, but tasted pretty good and came with a huge dollop of sour cream. The burgers from 3 thumbs up. One friend got 'the ultimate kohl', a double layer burger with pretty much everything. Another went for the fajita burger, whilst my boyfriend opted for the falafel burger. Each came with a small portion of chips and some coleslaw, everything on the same trendy looking wooden board which Jenny mentioned. Everyone said the burgers were amazing, and they looked it. The rolls looked fresh, the fillings generous. The portion of chips seemed more of a token though, and I can imagine some people wanting more. 

If I could I would give bar kohl 3.5 stars, as I feel that whilst the quality of the food is good, it might not be worth the full price. I would say the same too about the cocktails.
I find the food in Bar Kohl usually very good, although I find it annoying that burgers are presented on wooden boards which I am not sure whether they are 100% hygenic. The vegetarian options (falafel and yam burger) always make me feel as if I am missing out. I wish there were more vegetarian-type burgers. However, the nachos are extremely well-made and I would reccomend any nachos-addict to go for those as they can't possibly be disappointing.
I find the prices were too high (unless one has a snapfax, in which case they are just as they should be).
At night, this place is really popular for cocktails, but I find them to be over-priced considering that they can be drunk in a single sip...being the glasses totally stuffed with ice.
I would reccomend it mainly for the meals (except for the prices, they are truly good and well-made).
You know when you get nachos. Let's say beef chilli nachos, although this example also works with regular cheese-only nachos. And you're happily tucking into the nachos, and there's this delicious layer of beef chilli and cheese as you start eating, and it's so good. Then you finish the first layer and underneat the tortilla chips are all dry, cold and lacking any cheese. And it makes you sad.

Well this didn't happen at Bar Kohl. I ordered the beef chilli nachos and a huge plate with a very generous serving of home made beef chilli appeared. And as I dug in and pulled out nacho after nacho to dip in the guacamole, each nacho chip was covered in cheese. Not overly so, we're talking grease-overload here. But they had layered all the nachos with cheese. This may seem a very small detail, but it is one that greatly changes the enjoyment factor of a whole bowl of beef chilli nachos.

And this is only one example that highlights just how awesome Bar Kohl is. Need I mention the burgers? The 26 different types of burgers? The Cajun Cougar chicken burger. The falafel burger. The sweet potato fry options. 

Oh and what about the extensive cocktail menu list? The caiprinha, followed by a Cucumber Bramble followed by the berry caipirinha.

And is this bar, with all its amazing food and cocktails, new to the Edinburgh eating and dining scene. It's certainly very fresh.  But it's not quite a new kid on the block. It's celebrating it's 20th year as Edinburgh first vodka bar. Oh right, because I forgot to mention they have 54 types of flavoured vodka, with all sorts of brands, and some flavoured in house (like the Marmite vodka, or bacon vodka, or skittles vodka).

Try a Bloody Mary with Stoli Chili vodka. Try the beef chilli nachos. Try a Martini (they chill the glasses first, as another Yelper noticed on the night I was there). Try anything, and you'll be happy. 

They pretty much only play hip hop too, which is pretty rare for a bar in Edinburgh. They've been doing this for 20 years; they have the expreeince of knowing how to do damned good burgers, nachos, cocktails nad vodka, but still keep it minty fresh.

Yep, I like Bar Kohl a lot.
Bar Kohl had me from the get go - after the last time we visited I couldn't wait to get stuck in to the vodka and cocktails on offer. 
I devoured two Stoli Chili Bloody Mary's in a row - yeah * insert big satisfying sigh*
I had some great time with my Dutch Courage Cocktail (with cherry flavours and Jenever (Dutch Gin)- so good I took  two of those as well. And after some awesome chips I took a double Black Tea Flavoured vodka on ice.. .. Taxi!
The first time I went to Bar Kohl, I burned my lips on chilli vodka I had been duped into trying. This visit, I was more cautious and perused the cocktail list carefully.

We were here to celebrate Yelp Edinburgh's silver medal in the year of Yelp challenge. Ok, we came 2nd but that is silver medal status and it was only right we celebrated! I've had an expensive week with some luxury living so I was over joyed to see that the little used Snapfax, that resides permanently in my purse, was valid for a 50% discount on food. It was even better that one Snapfax was valid for 4 diners, so the two between our table of 8 section meant we could share the Snapfax love. 

I struggled to decide what kind of burger I wanted. The list is extensive with beef burgers, chicken burgers, falafel and veggie burgers, all with different combinations and toppings. As standard, burgers come with chips but pay £1 extra and you can swap chips for sweet potato fries.

My burger was awesome. Really tasty (and beef), as I had went with the El Clasico (burger, topped with chorizo, lettuce, tomato and salsa) with no bun and sweet potato wedges. Not quite burned lips this time but the sweet potato wedges (or rather cubs) appeared to have been dusted with cayenne pepper so there was a bit of heat there. It was great and a bargain dinner given the 50% discount on offer. My cocktail was lovely too - an Applefizz I think it was (raspberry vodka with apple juice) though there were bits of raspberry seeds at the bottom and they started to annoy me as I got closer to finishing it. A coke helped remove the heat and I paid a bargain £11 for a burger and sweet potato, cocktail and coke. A cheap night out which I will be repeating as food money saved = more drink money to spend. Result.
Buuuurgers...

Colin and I were in Edinburgh yesterday for a wee day trip and we decided to head in here for some burgers because I'd read all the fabulous reviews from Edinburgh yelpers about how much they loved it when Jenny arranged an event here. Sounds as good a reason as any to come in!

It was painfully quiet to start with, with only one other couple being there and then the bartender, but that didn't particularly bother us. I ordered the strawberry and lime Rekorderlig (which they have on tap?! When did this become a thing?!) and Colin, as he was driving back to Fife for a meeting, had a coke. Then our decision came. The menu revealed an impressive selection of loads of tasty looking burgers. As it was my first time, I needed something solid for tasting purposes. The Kohl Burger it was! Cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce and mayo. Home made mayo I think! Colin went for the daily special which I think was chicken & a beef patty, with an assortment of things. 

The burgers came out within 10/15 minutes and were delicious! I have definitely had better elsewhere, they were ever so slightly dry, but I thoroughly enjoyed it nonetheless. I'll definitely be back to try the selection of others (and their massive selection of weird and wonderful vodkas!)
I went here a few months ago for a Yelp Night as a plus one with a friend and forgot to write up how good I thought the place was.
Their knowledge of Vodka is superb and the food was fab and well needed at that point! I couldn't stop raving about the Coleslaw of all things and feel like making a return when I think about it! Although I live a way away from Bar Kohl I'll be back for sure with my other half when we get a babysitter in :)
Top marks!
Way too much money for cocktails made by a non-pro bartender. Mai Tai is made of 90% ice. Tastes like iced water with a small shot of rum. The Beach Club is made of mashed cheap canned fruits without adding sugar to get out the aroma.  The same here, tastes like iced water without any alcohol but added cheap non-tasty syrups. Never come back!
Recommended for burgers, cocktails and shots ! 

As far as i know Bar Kohl is the only place in edinburgh i know of that do this many shots! lots of flavours and lots of strenghts..... The Hammertime is particularly vicious/ amazing ...depending on how you view absenthe!...my friend tried one and well it nearly blew his head off, he said it was awesome...ill take his word for it
The burgers always look great and cocktails are pretty resonably pirced too! 
Good location and friendly staff 

So Yay Im a fan :)
Burgers and cocktails, what more could you want?

So I've been coming here for a year now, mostly with Edinburgh University Italian Society. We were given discount cards for half price food and reduced cocktails, which have been used a lot!

I've always had good experiences here, but I'm going to review my dinner there last night. I was just out of work and totally goosed so my fiancé and I decided it would be a good (and lazy option) to pop in for a burger on the way home. We hadn't been since July since the discount card was not valid during August, but fortunately it works again now. We would still pay the full prices but we certainly wouldn't go as often. Paying only £4 for a burger and less that £5 for cocktails are just too good deals to miss.

I opted for the New Jersey burger which had delicious fried chicken, mozzarella, salad and sauces. It was so delicious. The chicken was just good old fashioned fried chicken in a lovely batter. My fiancé had a Chicago with beef, pickles, salad and sauces. It was tasty and moist, but not quite as good as my chicken burger. Both came in a seeded bun that was fresh and toasted on the inside, just how I like them. We got them with a portion of handcut chips and a portion of sweet potato chips which has a yummy cajun seasoning on them, very scrummy. Our complaint last time was that the coleslaw appeared to be not homemade, but this time it appeared to be. It was much nicer and had more to it that just carrot, cabbage and mayo.

My cocktail (Edinburgh Collins) was amazing. Not too alcoholic, not watered down and with lots and lots of raspberries. His pint of Estrella was a standard pint of Estrella, not much to say about it really!

Overall, we had a lovely cheap dinner. The reasons I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 are that, for one, the decor is okay but it can be really dark and the tables and chairs have all seen better days, you have to be careful not to nudge them the wrong way and send your cocktails flying. And, as I've said, the food is good but not everything I've had has been as delicious as the New Jersey so not all deserve 5. But I would definitely say go and give it a try. I can't see how you would be very disappointed at all.
This place is brilliant.  For a night out definitely come here first.

I tend to buy a couple of pitchers, highly recommend the fruit salad one and the Fab Ice Lolly one. Its just something totally different and a pitcher to 2 people is enough to get you a little tipsy. 

Prices are a little expensive as pitchers start at £18 but definitely worth it.

Shots are around £3 but who could say no to a bubblegum or birthday cake flavored shot!!! 

Expensive but enjoyable. I'm pretty sure their food isn't so great however. I vaguely remember inquiring and they told me it was frozen, microwave food. I have not tried it though so no comment as of yet.
I've been here more times than I can count (it's a good location and does snapfax- student essentials) but I'm frequently underwhelmed by it. 
I mean, there's nothing wrong with it as such, and it's not bad, it's just (for me) not special either.
I was really impressed with Bar Kohl - a kind of neighbourhood bar that's ultra relaxed, super chilled and an enjoyable place to hang out and relax in! 

We were looking for a place that could keep everyone in our group of 6 happy - some wanted cocktails, some craft beers and obviously some decent soft drinks. 

Me being the beer geek - I was covered with 2 different craft taps from dogfish head and the always decent 'Joker beer' - there were also some good cans on offer mainly from Brooklyn brewery. 

The guys on cocktails seem to enjoy themselves. I'd happily go back for another few beers here!
Does Tonic serve the best cocktails in Edinburgh?

I think so! 

Beware! It will also break your bank balance.

 A friend kept raving about this place and how he went here after work all the time so I told him to take me in the hope of shutting him up. Well all he did was get me fabulously drunk on fantastic cocktails while emptying my bank account. The cocktail menu is so varied and long that you spend the whole night reading the menu thinking 'ooh that sounds nice, I think I'll try it!' And this continues for some time before you realise that its closing time and you can barely walk.
If this bar weren't quite so pricey, there quite simply wouldn't be enough stars on the scale to rate it adequately!

Paying up to £9 for a single drink does take something away from the gorgeousness of the beautifully made works of cocktail art, although there is no denying that these bar staff know what they're doing.

Call me boring, but I went for my staple dirty vodka martini. On the basis that I drink them almost everywhere I go, I figure that's the fairest way to judge them all... it definitely got a thumbs-up from me. And let's face it, it's not as if there aren't more than enough cocktail emporia on or around George Street. Which is why this place deserves it's amazing reputation, as it stands out from all the others with the sheer quality of the place.

I have to say, I did feel like a bit of a Sex & The City wannabe sitting there with three of my friends, analysing our love-lives and wearing high heels. But you sort of end up doing it unintentionally in here, with the plush booths, good-looking waiters and tasty tipples. And it's not just the surroundings that look beautful - i've never seen so many different glasses, crazy fruit garnishes! and flamboyant colours and wonderful tastes this side of Rio Carnival!

Jus make sure you're credit card's still got plenty of wiggle-room left on it before you go in...
Tonic concocts some fantastic cocktails, this fact cannot be argued. The speciality, focus of knowledge and reliable quality of this bar is the array of cocktails that can be requested here, so whether you're a traditional Cosmopolitan or Mojito sipper, or you want something with a bit of an out of the ordinary twist to it, Tonic will comply with your beverage supping needs. 

When I'm in here, depending on what mood my palate is in, I usually go for the French Martini, which is always pretty awesome, or a classic Cosmo, apologies if that sounds very unadventurous, but it always goes down a treat. The inside of the bar is sleek, stylish, and very well finished, so you'd be well recommended to visit here if you like to drink your cocktails while looking trendy in a pristine environment. It is pricey though, as is most of George Street, so a few cocktails down and your purse will definitely be less of a weight on your bag. It's also pretty miniature, which can be nice on weekdays when town is quieter, but slightly hard to handle at the weekends, when this place is packed with cocktail requesters.
Yes, Tonic has the best cocktails in Edinburgh!!

It is a really modest place, it's really not flash yet always has a brilliant atmosphere. To get here you have to go down some stairs, and the bar itself is really quite small. It can therefore get really uncomfortable when it's busy, you can't get to the bar and the wait is made twice as long as the waiters are meticulous with their cocktails. I once had a cocktail in an actual jam jar!
My brothers girlfriend and I spent about 30minutes looking over the extensive menu to decide what we were going to have. When we decided, we both wanted what the other was having so ended up doing a swap.
This is definitely one of the gems in the city!
Tonic is a coctail bar - and as such adheres to a certain set of rules. Some are good and some are bad - lets start with the good.

1) The cocktails this place does are tasty - really tasty.
2) The cocktails are made right in front of you with a certain amount of showmanship and outright showing off.
3) Tonic is small but classy and styling. Certainly cool.
4) The drinks menu has more choice than I can think to describe in a singe metaphore.
5) Theres a great atmosphere - its a cool, trendy vibe, but also relaxed and fun.

But now for the bad.

1) Expensive. £10 for what is effectivly fruit juice and vodka, no thanks.
2) Because Tonic is small, it gets busy and uncomfortable quickly.
3) Waiting 7 hours for a drink while the barman shakes and stirs and filters and mixes and flips it all about while singing mama mia is not cool.


So there you have it, a great little cockatil bar, but with some pretty major flaws. I'll just have a G&T.
I popped in here last weekend after reading the rave reviews on Yelp, I was expecting great things but left completely under whelmed and a little bit disappointed if I'm honest. Did I go to the same place? It's the most average cocktail bar on the planet and the prices are ridiculous for somewhere that's not particularly a nice place to sit. It reminded me of the Monkey Bar in Glasgow which is crap and always empty... for a reason. Tonic on the other hand was hoaching last Sunday and I'm not really sure why.

I ordered a Gimli's Breakfast Fizz... or something like that, it was okay but it didn't exactly rock my world. For two cocktails it came to £13 which I guess is quite reasonable but it's not exactly a fancy place, it's just so basic so I kind of begrudged the £13 when you can get cocktails in similar styled bars for around £4. 

I was also a little bit miffed as a group of girls beside us ordered awesome looking cocktails with ice-cream and fruit smoothies in them which I couldn't see anywhere on the menu and they bought 3 of these babies for £9. Was I missing something? Or were they just giving the bar staff extras afterwards? I wouldn't like to say... Either way, I was pretty under whelmed by the whole experience and left thinking... "is that it?" In fact I drank my cocktail in record breaking time so I could leave.

On my visit there was a huge range of ages, which is good but rather tragic when a suited up late 30 something plonked himself down beside a very young looking group of girls who look both terrified and confused by the wannabe Lothario's advances.

To be fair the bar staff were really nice and the guy making our cocktails chatted to us for a while which was a nice level of customer service. I'm giving this place 3 purely because of the friendly bar staff, but I won't be going back, nothing to see here really. Next!
With all the gushing that's taken place in the other reviews, it's telling that when I arrived at Tonic the other week, I genuinely thought I was in the wrong place. It seems to be considered by some to be Edinburgh's best cocktail bar. It isn't.

With banging house music in the background and staff dressed like Urban Outfitters mannequins, the atmosphere wasn't quite the laid-back, pianist in the corner type feel I prefer in cocktail bars. A lot of the punters were exceptionally drunk as well, lowering the tone a bit but then again it was around midnight, and we were in a bar so perhaps that's nit-picking.

The smoked whisky sour I had was alright, but by no means great, though since Tonic's cocktails tend to be a bit off the wall in their flavours I can appreciate that there's a certain hit and miss element to the menu depending on your tastes. Given the praise it gets elsewhere I'd assume there must be better.

We left fairly quickly, as the ear-splitting music volume and sleazy atmosphere weren't doing it for us. Despite friendly customer service from the top drawer and a fairly large menu, I doubt I'll return in a hurry.
So, technically four stars for superb and delicious cocktails and 2 stars for the tapas on offer leads us to a healthy 3 star review. 

The good is some fab cocktails - Monkey Got a Gun involved (but not exclusive of) fudge infused whisky and Innis & Gunn - served in a miniature beer mug and quickly disposed of. Monkey Laird was a fine way to end the evening... although my head was definitely unhappy the next day. It seems that Tonic tries to avoid the standard cocktail and deliver a choice variety, for that I welcome. 

The bad: it's super loud. For somewhere that you can sit down for food, the two don't go together. Plus, with the door open, we enjoyed our dinner with cigarette smoke. We were there with Groupon (4 tapas plates each and one side, plus a dessert cocktail) so thought that we would have plenty of food, but we ended up plenty wanting. The tapas on offer is meagre by any shout - the plates in front of us were pretty bare, including - 

* gambas counted to 4 prawns, one each, hurray!
* ratatouille consisted of three pieces of aubergine with canned tomatoes and one lonely slice of red pepper; 
* mackeral pate seemed more like mackerel flavoured mayonnaise - very runny for a pate!

The dessert cocktail was just disgusting - cookies and cream icecream, Baileys and Creme de Menthe. Not even my mint ice cream loving sister could bear it. 

For bang for your buck, there are better tapas options elsewhere. We left, definitely tipsy, poorer of pocket (cocktails are not cheap, but definitely worth it) but not particularly satsified, despite the vast number of plates on our table. For cocktails, it's a win, but food and ambience, it's not.
THE cocktail of choice - Lemon Drop. Lemon infused Bombay Sapphire and some other lemony things like Lemoncello and topped off with a flying saucer. Yep, remember those paper things filled with sherbet? This cocktail comes with them, two if you are lucky. They have a nice adult touch - the bottom of the flying saucer melts in the alcohol and the sherbet falls out into the drink  - yummy!
The bar itself is small and it is one of those places you need to get to early otherwise its a bit of a squeeze. The cocktail menu gets revamped every few months - for awhile the Lemon Drops were off the menu, but they are clearly back by popular demand (me always asking for them?). The decor is modern - I think there has been a bit of redecorating going on over the last few months (maybe I'm wrong and had too many Lemon Drop's when I was in last time). No food available apart from crisps and sometimes glasses full of sweets are on the tables - yum, more flying saucers. 
It's the Lemon Drops which lure me here (and my mum) so for this cocktail alone, it's well worth a visit.
This is an excellent cocktail bar with a rich and varied menu. 

I also cannot praise the staff enough, especially considering the circumstances of my visit. 

I was with a reasonably sized group of people celebrating a friend's birthday, one of those important birthdays with a zero at the end. 

Tonic was our last watering hole after an evening of eating, drinking & becoming very merry. 

One consequence of the choice available is that inevitably, during every order, at least two people in our group changed their minds repeatedly as some other concoction caught their eye. 

The staff were friendly and patient throughout and everyone (that could still maintain some coherence) commented on what an enjoyable end to the evening it had been.
Excellent cocktail bar!  Great, friendly service and expertly made cocktails with just the right amount of flair!   Try the Smokey Mary ... it's not on the menu, but it's a Bloody Mary made with Smokey whisky instead of vodka ... Bloody Brilliant ;-)  This is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets ... go!

UPDATE:  appears to have changed owners.   Say no more ... ;-)
Tonic is a fantastically located (for me anyways) bar on the coroner of George street. It's tucked away enough for you to always get a chair and approach the bar, and it's busy enough to maintain an atmosphere. 

The staff are very friendly and the cocktails in inventive! Well worth a try!
Tonic does cocktails and some. 
I am impressed with their extensive list and the fact that certain 'manly' cocktails contain a single big rock of ice to cool the drink.

They are happy to make a virgin or mocktail for the lover of taste sans alcohol.

The atmosphere is friendly and the chairs / stools are surprisingly comfortable.
They have an heated outside area, complete with Jack Daniels veranda rocking chairs, fun! 
The Wifi is free for use 

For cocktails this is your spot, but all in all it was OK - which is not bad.
This is the hottest new spot in Scottsdale. Its very chill which is just what old town was needing. They have great music and very nice staff. The best parts are the big wheel patrons can spin and the beer bongs! My only complaint is with security. The doorman seemed to be overwhelmed and it was frustrating getting in, yes I know its part of Scottsdale holding a line and all that, but this guy didn't have a clue what was going on. They really need to get some pros in there to take control.
American Junkie is a great addiition to Scottsdale its laid back but hip at the same time. I can't really say much about this place except for watch out for the line it gets crazy and they have bottle service here which I think is a joke I would compare it to Maloney's having bottle service......ridiculous!
Wednesday night at American Junkie...RULEZ!!! So maybe I am a little biased with this review because I was filming in here tonight and the staff was extremely courteous to me.

But overall this place rocks, very fun atmosphere, the food was great, and I had a comped tab, but the drinks I did pay for were reasonable priced.

 I got a chicken sandwich with the sweet potato fries and the fresh fruit everything was good! Plus the kitchen is open to midnight which is a huge plus for any club as far as I am concerned.

The music rocked and ALL the shakers and movers of Scottsdale were at this place. 

Josh Royal and staff were great, will definitely be back!  This place should really get 4 and 1/2 stars!!!
I was going to cook last night, and I probably should have.
When the beautiful Carin got home though, I heard myself saying "let's go do a happy hour someplace".
We decided that walking distance was the right answer so we headed out into OTowSco (trademarked, first usage on March 18, 2009, pronounced "oh-tow-skoh", an alliteration consisting of the shortening of the phrase Old Town Scottsdale...I saw the amusing discussion about the origins of DoPho, NoPho, CenPho, etc. and I wanted to be the first, possibly the last and probably the only person to use OTowSco, but certainly...I want the credit!).
The someplace turned out to be American Junkie. We went there a few times when it was the Tequila Grill and it was pretty decent then, so we thought we would give this place a try (some good reviews on Yelp, but apparently for the club part of the equation).
As long as I'm making up words, how about "sadapointing" (I could also add craptacular, and couple of others, but I didn't make those words up). I don't like giving 1 star reviews, but these guys deserve it...truly!
The trouble started right away. We walked in and they didn't seem to be very busy for a happy hour, but no one greeted us. 2 of the owner or managers were sitting right near the door when we walked but didn't so much as smile at us. The server had a party of 10 or so, and 2-3 parties of 2-4 people, but she was the only server in the place. I finally asked the bartender if we could sit anywhere and he grunted "yes".
5 minutes pass and finally the server comes by to bring menus and take our drink order. The beautiful Carin orders hot tea and I order a dry vodka martini with a twist. We also order appetizers, since that's what we came for.
Another 10 minutes pass and she finally brings out our drinks...cold water in coffee cup for the tea and dirty martini (gin) with 3 olives. I said, "this is wrong" and she said "how do you make a dry vodka martini?"...I could not make this up!
Another 5 minutes go by and she finally brings out hot water for Carin and a martini glass full of relatively cold vodka, but no twist. When I ask about the lemon twist she says she will go right back and get it.
The food arrives and about 5 minutes later, so does the "twist"...they took a lemon wedge and tried to scrape out the pulp and just give me the rind!
I thought the rep on this place was that it was a drinks spot that just happens to serve decent food.
How the frak (I used to use another word but in this post-Battlestar Galactica world, it seems that "frak" is more socially acceptable...whatever) can they screw things up this badly? How can a bartender at place like this not know how make the simplest drinks? It was just too funny!
The food was mediocre at best, and by the time the bill came (and that's the only thing that gets this place a star...$22 for 3 appetizers and a marti), the servers hand was shaking because she was so nervous about even seeing us again.
Carin and I were almost rolling on the floor laughing about how poor place was, so we had an entertaining evening, in spite of it all. We actually had fun rehashing the funny parts as we strolled home through mean streets of OTowSco (you read it here first)
I don't think we will go back to American Junkie anytime soon.
Dudes- don't leave your hair gel at home; you don't want to feel like a tool for not having perfect hair when everyone else here does. Make sure you've been hittin the gym too- muscles are necessary for entry. Don't be surprised when your bathroom line is longer than the ladies. I'm sure this has happened in the history of the earth before, and it will happen at American Junkie. 

Ladies- wear a hot dress, heels. Dress to the 9s. Some people think they are in Vegas here and you should too. Don't expect to get a drink at the bar any easier because of your sex. Try to score some free booze from guys above with table service. 

DJ- Great music. Don't change a thing.
happy hour until 7p here on a fri night.  drinks half-price.  not bad, right?  i tired the vicky secret drink which was good and was only $4-$4.5 at the half-price.  after 2 of those I was feeling the buzz...one annoying thing was people would get up on the bar, spin a wheel and had to do some performance on the bar.  not cute.  we left after the drinks went up.  next stop- next door to drift......
First off I would like to thank Donald S. for creating such a great alliteration for OTS (Old Town Scottsdale). 

Now onto American Junkie, first I would have to say that the name does represent some of the people that go in here. I was there last Sunday, for some reason I decided to go out and have a few drinks which landed me here and all I could think is how in the hell is this place so busy for a Sunday night? And then I came to my senses and realized that I was in Scottsdale, I forgot 85% of the people there live off of mommy and daddy. 

I arrived there with two of my friends and it only took us a measly 15 minutes to get drinks. The bartenders manage to serve drinks and never look up at the bar, pretty amazing talent if I say so! Secondly all the drunk ass chicks dancing on the bar was definitely a no-go. I mean come on if you truly are going to have a dance off on the bar why don't you try pick out some girls that can actually stand, it might work a little better as well as help you avoid a lawsuit. 

The only thing I could appreciate was they had a table setup outside on the patio for people to play beer-pong. Now let me clarify, I appreciated that they took time to think that people would like to play, did not appreciate the drunk assholes playing beer pong and throwing beer all over the patio. 

I might give this place another chance but then again why should I? There are so many other places in OTS that are a lot funner!
I think the fact that...
A) my boobs are real
B) my style is very untrashy/un-stripperish
C) I don't have nappy hair extensions
D) my IQ is higher than my cup size

...equates to why I did not care for American Junkie. My friend and I got there around 10:30 on Saturday night and the line was pretty long. Luckily because we were just two girls (the rest of our group was already inside), we got to go to special "girls only" line. Ooooo, how VIP. Luckily one of our friends inside didn't want to stay, so I got my friend and I each a mixed drink to wash down quickly. Mixed drinks are $7 which is typical of OTS.

All told, I was at American Junkie for about 20 minutes, but in those 20 minutes...wow, did I do some amazing people watching. The people watching is the only reason I could see to come to this place. I do have three suggestions as a result of said fantastic people watching:

1) Guys - put the hair gel down! Seriously most girls think spiked hair is...well...douchey.

2) Girls - if you have fake boobs, please don't concave your back to stick your fake boobs out more. We all know they are fake just by looking at them. Sticking them out and then looking at them all night does not make them appear more real.

3) Girls - if you are wearing short shorts or a barely there jean skirt, wear a more modest top. We don't need to see boobs and butt; just one is more than enough thanks.
This place is trying to be too many things at one time. It was a strange mix of trashy dos gringos meets snobby dirty pretty. Don't get me wrong i actually enjoy dirty pretty but the mix itself was just bizare to me. 

Trash- The girls on the bar constantly spinning the "wheel of fortune" type contraption (obnoxious). While i was there a fight broke out, for the usual heels required dress code typically seen in scottsdale bars this one didn't seem to have that 

Snobsdale-many of your typical scottsdale club junkies, bleach blond hair, fake books, too small attire, heavily gelled hair,etc

Overall it was an okay experience but there it was just trying to accomplish way to much in one bar/club.
Had a pretty awful time at this bar.  The service was distracted and heartless on many accounts.  The place looks like it should be in a mall, overly polished and plastic.  

Over-priced drinks, which sound like good ideas, often come out overly sweet or poorly made.  I would say get here before 7pm to have an okay time by getting a good deal.

I was going to get food but the bartender never came back.

Gross clientele as well.  Greasy and silicone, and both not in a good way.
I'm only giving this place three stars but I actually like it. I've been many times now so I feel like I can give a pretty good assessment of how it works... 

Here's the deal: it's trying to be Studio 54 in the 1970s under the guise of table reservations. There are two lines. The lines for the nobodies and groups of dudes (sheepishly raises hand) and the line for the douchy frat brothers of the bouncers and the ladies who blow them or steal blow from them. In fairness, the door guy for the nobody line is pretty cool as he remembered me when I left and came back out of a sea of douchebauchery he'd seen that night and I always have plenty of time to talk to him as I wait, like an asshole. 

As an aside, I don't have a very high opinion of the typical Scottsdale bimbo/DB. Someday, I'll write about my crazy night with G-girl who has gained a certain amount of dirtoriety on the Dirty.com. To sum it up, I spend the better part of a night with her, save her from a skeazy rickshaw driver and she never asked my name. They are typically very attractive, which is what they focus all of their energy on so it makes sense. But goddamn are they vapid. I find it hard to believe... In fact, I don't believe they're even half as stupid as they try to appear to be but the personal glory they achieve in the Fembot department is completely mind blowing. All body, no soul.

Anyway, the line situation they have is made for the cool kids to be cool and the people like me to remember that my place, my home, is in Phoenix, 85003. Represent! 

Inside, nothing is notable except for the wheel. Girls dance on the bar and spin the wheel. And it's fun to watch because: 1) they have on short skirts 2) if they're wearing pants the chances of them at least being pulled down is high. I'm a cheap thrills guy. 

And that's a wrap!
This place is definitely not my scene, but I had to give it 3 stars anyway for a few reasons:

1) We got there before the line formed, so we just walked right in.
2) We had a table because we were celebrating a birthday, so free drinks + table equates to a pretty good time for me
3) When I did go to the bar for two vodka Sprites, they were $5 each.  A nice change from the $12 a piece they would have been in LA.

As a sidenote, I never would have believed all of the things I have heard about Scottsdale, but I saw first hand that they are true.  Every single guy works out (a lot) and wears tight ed hardy t- shirts to show it off.  Once again, definitely not my scene.
Okay...so i used to live in (south) Scottsdale and I was totally one of THOSE people. You know...the ones who talk so much shit about Scottsdale but somehow end up there every weekend (not at the overly douchey clubs, but places that were still very much Scottsdale). I moved to San Francisco about a year ago so I'm not too sure if things have changed in the Scottsdale scene, but I doubt it and since this is one of the few (if not only) new places that has opened since I left some friends of mine wanted to check it out when I was home for a visit since they heard good things about it. 

Here were the good things I noticed: 1) The bouncer was actually pretty cool. We had a group of 5 girls and 2 guys and that was a good enough ratio for him to let us right on in. On the rare occasion when I would go to a place in Scottsdale where they had a line and I would be the ONLY guy amongst my group of girlfriends the bouncers would often give us a hard time, so this guy was okay in my book (although after reading other reviews maybe I should consider myself just lucky).  2) Even though the drinks were typical Scottsdale prices and came in those over-sized shot glasses they love to serve drinks in my Vodka tonics were actually pretty strong. However, that's all I can say that's good about this place. 

The thing that REALLY bothered me is that from what I understand this place tries to portray an image that there NOT "typical Scottsdale." Well guess what? You didn't fool me!!! I saw the same lines (both to get into the club and on the sink counters in the bathroom), the same gelled up douche bags, and the same dis-proportioned girls (seriously if you're a size 0 those DD's aren't gonna suit you honey, a B cup would have been fine) that you find at Myst or Axis. But you know what? For as much as I loathe those places at least they own the fact that they want to cater to this type of crowd and aren't trying to pretend otherwise. 

From what I understand this place is a little more laid-back during happy hour and for day drinking on the weekends (but I should hope so!!!), and if I'm ever there at either of these time I'll be sure to update this review, but for right now two stars is all you get...
This place was terrible. I don't even know how I got roped into going in here. If I would have know what it is in there, I would have turned around. Lame place.
Hate is a strong word, but I genuinely dislike this place.  I'm not exactly sure why.  

Maybe a rundown of my Junkie experience will help me figure it out.

The line was ridiculously long for a place that seemed like just a bar and not a nightclub.  I wasn't in the mood to wait in line, so my friend pulled one of his sneaky moves that gets us in every time... working in television has it's perks.  

Once inside, I felt confused and at odds with my surroundings.  The music made it too loud to talk, but there was no place to dance.  The place was packed and getting up to the bar proved challenging.  I gave my friend a desperate 'I need a drink asap because I already hate this place' look and together we muscled our way to the counter.  

After we got our drinks, my friend and I wondered aimlessly around the place and we just couldn't settle on a comfortable spot to chill.  We finished our drinks and left.

Sounds fun, I know.

I just didn't feel the place at all.  The people were not my kind of people.  The girls all looked the same.  I can't stand when a bunch of girlfriends look like each other, not everyone needs to have the same stupid hairdo.  There was something off about the guys too.  I did not find even one remotely attractive.  They all seemed either oily, overly metro-sexual, or inflated with a false sense of self.  I did give it another shot on a Thursday night and ended up leaving before my friends again.  Mostly because I actually have a real job that requires my brain to start functioning by 8:30, but also because I just wasn't feeling it.

After typing my lame experience and thus reliving it, I still can't figure out exactly why I can't have a good time at American Junkie.  I just can't and I really should not need to try that hard, right?

If I end up going back and having a good time, I will let you know.  Just don't hold your breath.
Ehh, this place is OK, definitely the hot spot right now, but only cause its new.

It seems like almost ALL the really beautiful women come here..... but right behind them are the gayest, douchiest guys in town. I mean seriously you would think it was a themed party or something.

I'm a 27 year old dude from the midwest.  Very down to earth and love to party with the best of them.  I've lived in the area for about 5 years.

I've been here a few dozen times.  The setup is pretty cool if you like to chill out and not dance.  Why?? cause they don't really have a dance floor, not that I'm a big dancer or anything, unless their playin biggie.  The patio's are good.  

This place will definelty get a line formed after 11 or so, but nothing too ridiculous, 30min tops.  If you don't want to wait in the line, just get here 20min earlier, I know crazy concept.
I love this spot.  Extremely fun, great ambiance, and very good looking waitresses/crowd.

Yes there are a good amount of graphic-tee wearing muscleheads and bosom-bearing harlots, but any nice spot in Scottsdale you're going to get your fair share.  If you can get beyond this, not worry so much about other people, and be yourself, this place is a blast.

There are Bud Light tallboys that they serve in paper bags.  They seem to have a lot of theme-days, for example, I dropped by during Oktoberfest, and there is supposedly Halloween week and all sorts of shenanigans.

The big wheel at the top of the bar is a fun time, in addition to some crazy options like "Get Kicked Out of the Bar", there's winning money and getting drinks (girls only).  One of the funniest moments I had in the bar was when a bachelorette party won $25 bux and they "made it rain" in the bar, that was hilarious and awesome at the same time.

Awesome, one of my favorite bars out here.
Unfortunately Junkie was lacking in many areas for me. 

A group of girlfriends and I got a VIP table for a birthday party over the weekend. We were fortunate enough to have a contact within the staff to get us the table last minute. Much thanks for that!! However from the door I was already less than impressed.... 

For what was supposed to be a VIP line was filled with about 30 guys, which the door guy couldn't be bothered to let in 10 girls ahead of them for ANY reason. BS and Lame! Then when it came time for our turn to be let in I notice that being in the VIP line means nothing really. He didn't ask our names, if we had a table, nothing. Just let us walk right in. We had to go back and ask what the heck we were to do to get our reserved table... then the light bulb finally went of in his head and he got us taken care of. The table was nice and big and close to the bar, a little too close to the bar. We didn't have much comfort room, people were practically dancing on our table. 

Once we got settled the server came over to figure out what bottle we wanted.... the first time she came to the table to pour our drinks was about the only positive time we encountered her, or at all. She only came by the table twice. We were constantly looking for her, either for a rag to clean up a spill, to pour more drinks or to even get the tab. I finally had to go stand next to the register to hunt her down. As I hand her the cash and one credit card to pay the table and said "the REST on the card" as we all know that means apply the cash first.... she ran my card for the ENTIRE bill, thinking she was getting a $180 tip? Are you serious!?  After about 10 min we finally got is figured out and were able to leave. 

Over all I would say we had a great time, thanks to the drinks and shots, and over all lack of giving a s*** at the time. But the birthday girl was a bit stressed with having to deal with the service and I was more than peeved trying to pay the darn bill and get the hell outta there to catch up with my party. If you get a VIP table request that it not be in the main walk way! And let your server know that you want her to actually serve you. I know that they get crazy busy, but if you are serving a bottle service table, don't expect to get a huge tip if you do NOTHING for them. 

Party on!
I really like this place.  It's usually my place of choice when my friends and I want to expend some energy.  I like the patios, which is a great place to meet people.  

This is an alternative to a club, so don't come if you're looking for a bar scene (go to The Lodge, which is right across the street if that's what you're looking for).  

The patios are a good place to actually have a conversation, so I usually tend to hang out around there.  

Overall, it tends to get ridiculously crowded around 12:45am, at which point it's just like any other place in Old Town.
Three stars is probably the best way to speak about this bar.  I have been a couple of different times, and am not sure if I like it or I don't.

Probably the best experience that I had was for a friends birthday party.  We got to the bar nice and early, and didn't have to wait in the ridiculous line (I used to be in the industry, so me and lines don't really get along) to get into the spot.  We got to know our bartender when it was slow, and thus were able to get drinks going as fast as possible.  The company was great and thus we had an awesome time.

Another time that I really enjoyed, we rolled up after a very successful trip to Vegas and I played baller for a second, and got our group a table on the patio in the fall.  That was awesome.  Good times with good people.

There have been other times that I have gone to American Junkie, and just not felt it.  The music can tend to be too loud, and thus the patios are my favorite spot to hang out.  The flow of the bar is terrible, and extremely segmented.  There are several places that the bar bottlenecks.  No bueno.

All in all it is a spot that I will head to, but not a place that I am screaming if we don't hit up when the crew is out in Old Town.
Loud, obnoxious music.  Obscene wait to get in.  An even more obscene wait to get a drink.  Ridiculous patrons.  The feeling of either being a sardine or herded cattle, take your pick.  

I can say that I will not choose to come here again.  I will have to be dragged kicking and screaming like a 4 year old child who didn't get the toy they wanted whilst patronizing my Target store.  Skip it.

Oh.  The one star is for the drunk skanky women that end up dancing on the bar.  I am nothing if not a weak man.
Ok folks...Lets talk Junkie. And no, I'm not talking about the newest intervention or hoarders. 
I first came here with my roommate and neighbor. I was pretty taken back by the crowd waiting. But like any good yelper, we just walked right up to the front and got right in! Holy crap it was packed inside. We could barely move and forget about a place to sit down. Luckily we met a group that was willing to share their tiny spot with us. We were right next to the ice cream case. Yes, you heard me right, free ice cream. Not the combination I would give out with liqueur. Seems like a combo for a bad night. 
The people are very nice and everyone seems to be in the party spirit. How could you not be with a wheel of death and free trucker hats? I always make it a point to grab a hat before I go. 
Drinks I hate to say are pretty pricey (like any Scottsdale club). But that is just something you have to get used to if you want to party in Scottsdale. But the bar seems to have a heavy hand so it is worth the price. 
When you come here expect the random. Its a big frat house and you're just visiting it. And I did I mention they give out ice cream?! Huh?
At first glance, the bar itself is simple, spacious and not terribly offensive. Early in the evening, it wasn't bad - can't really F-up a Coors Light, right? The music was fun and people seemed to be having a good time.  The crowd, on the other hand, consisted of a horde of ill-mannered college dropouts with a sprinkling of men in their mid-30s who are clearly in denial about the last decade (I saw puka shells. I'm not kidding).   The cloud of pretension was thick and completely unwarranted.  Reminded me of a pompous version of Senor Frogs. Not for me.
Seriously?! People are lining up to come here? Embarrassing...

At first I thought maybe I was just getting too old for this sh!t but no.. it's not me. This place is loud! (What?!) LOUD! (Huh?!) Don't even bother talking, just smile and shake your ass.

Bring your own drink because you WILL be old by the time you get served and then you'll be broke from $9 drinks. And the bartenders charge me something different each time. Come on now! As a member of the 30K-Milli club, you know I won't be able to fill up gas in my parents Benz now!

The only thing great about this place is that the girls are slutty. I like seeing flashes of their Lady Gagas and TaTas but its not worth the wait.
Awesome bartender on the patio! Way great drink specials!! Don't come here to have conversations, folks. It's LOUD!! Great DJ spinning crazy dance music. Place gets way crowded so get there early and snag a spot to people watch!!
my gf and i were at a different bar and security guard said scottsdale is "la's slutty cousin" i think the shoe kind of fits here a friend recommended we check out this place since we didn't have any clue where to go we decided to give it a shot. i think this place would be awesome if you're on the verge of being blacked out/ really plastered right before you walk in the door. its a really big venue with 3 different bars to visit. it gets really crowded but people were relatively friendly which i enjoy. i would return for another visit but next time with a nice drunken glaze on me before i hit the door
Plan to wait in line for nothing....An utter hovel of a joint frequented by "Daddy's money" GAY-SU students and skanks in overpriced dresses from the "Chinese Store"...These hoochies have been known to be seen on the Discovery channel special about evolution. The bar actually lets them get up there, smearing they shoes on the bar to spin this wheel so they can get even more intoxicated...You may see one girl that looks somewhat classy, but guaranteed in less than 15 minutes time, she will be the epitome of a bona fide slut, due to her ghastly appearance and freakishly grotesque display of makeup and chonch hair as she dances carelessly upon the bar. The floors are a sticky mess, there are stairs in all the wrong places, the DJ is alright but the lighting is crap.....the bartenders are jerks, overpriced drinks...but if you are looking to run a train on someone this is the ideal spot.....
Let's keep this short and sweet.

Service: F- Our waitress was rude, slow, and overall- just annoyed by the idea of serving us.

Patio: B The patio is out front, but the view on the south side is mostly obscured by plants and metal poles. What's the point of having an outdoor patio in front if you can't people watch on a Friday night?

Food: A In my ongoing search of the best veggie burger, I ordered the black bean burger and seasoned fries. Good texture to the burger, lots of flavor, and a little bit of spice from the black beans. The fries were delicious too- shoe string with lots of seasoning.

Price: Let's just say that I probably wouldn't go outside of happy hour.
this place sucks. Behind the posh veneer created by nice architecture and beautiful women lies a shitty bar. I could only fit into this place if I waxed my eyebrows, gained 30 pounds of steroid induced muscle, leased a BMW, and purchased the flashiest affliction/ed hardy v-neck t-shirts. This place has it's head so far up it's bleached asshole that it's missing out on quality patrons.
Sometimes reading yelp reviews can really screw up your night.  To some people it was good, and to you it wasn't or vice versa.  My friends really wanted to go here, and of course, being a yelper I just had to see how many stars it has.  This place has 2.5 stars...YELP, YOU DID NOT FAIL ME TONIGHT!!!

This place was just so weird.  I don't even think about music videos now a days, but if you come here, it's your lucky day to see those videos for those one hit wonder songs.  Seriously i was more interested in the music videos then the place itself.  I was really shocked how long the line was to get in here.  I was like..really?

It was okay service, however I really hate places that keep their bar stools up even late at night.  It really irritates me when people are sitting there with a big group of friends, when obviously people want to buy drinks but can't cuz of your lazy ass!  ....At least there were cheap drinks!  Thank god they were cheap drinks because I was drinking so much since I didn't want to be sober then.

The music was ...doable.  A lot of 80/90's hits.  One of the things I really liked about this place was the diversity.  To be honest, just to be racist, I thought Scottsdale was some rich white city where only rich white people go to.  I was pleased with the diversity!  It definitely spiced things up!

I would give this place 2 stars, but out of all the nights I went to, I saw Shane Battier from the Houston Rockets there, so plus one for the stars!!!
This is a pretty hot spot in Scottsdale.  Wait was long even though we were in the VIP line.  Next time I'll get a table.   Club is a great mix of the Scottsdale club type and the Scottsdale graphic tee type.  Definitely a good mix here.
I don't get why there is always a line to get into this place. The word "junk" is in the title... and it lives up to its namesake.

I've only ever been here to meet up with friends at night - and it's definitely not a place I would choose to go to on my own. The layout is weird - I've I dig the patio, but to have the VIP seating smack dab in the middle of the room and right where you walk in causes a lot of crowding by the entrance. And then the dance floor is always hard to get to when the place is filled. But I don't think I'd want to hang out there anyway - there's always some slightly overweight and drably dressed women dancing up on the platform. I'm in no way considering myself dance club elite or a Scottsdale Snob, but I go out in Scottsdale as opposed to Tempe because I've grown out of that college kid scene, but I guess Scottsdale still thinks it's cool.

As for the drinks, nothing special. Although I found it strange that they used plastic party cups when serving pitchers of beer. This place reeks of the shoddy clubs you can find on Mill during the semester. There are definitely better places to go in Old Town. I think AJ's attempt at trashy glamour just comes off trashy.
This is my first exposure to Scottsdale nightlife. I came here right after spending about 1 hour at Dirty Pretty.

The good part of it was that I was no longer at Dirty Pretty (god I hate nightclubs) so I was actually excited to be in a regular bar, order a cocktail and chill by the bar. yeah right. Although it looks like a bar, it still very much behaves like a nightclub.

The bar has a wheel where, after you climb on top to spin it, you get to do whatever shot is shown there or whatever 'action' is there as well.  The 3 girls I was with managed to do blowjob shots and push ups all while wearing a micro cocktail dress (is it really a dress if it barely covers your crotch?) and matching platform hooker heels. Granted I felt a little out of place for being the only girl wearing jeans, or the only girl with naturally brown hair, or the only girl not wearing 5lbs of makeup. damn Scottsdale.... your girls are high maintenance.

The guys there were pretty much in 'hunting' mode too. One accidental look-in-the-eyes and they swore you desperatelty wanted them. Sorry, i'm not into popped collars and I don't like the fact that your wear more gel than I do, or any, for that matter, but thanks!

The drinks prices are standard-high (but then again its Scottsdale so you should know better), but I still recommend this place rather than many of the nightclubs in the area because it has a rather big open seating/terrace where you can escape from sweaty men and armani exchange cologne and attempt to have a good time. Aaaaand, despite me being ridiculously mean about this place, I did have a good time (but then again, who doesn't when you are drinking heavily, right?)

;)
Great place to meet a ton of people. Lots
Of girls to meet which is always a
Plus. Wednesday is the night to go.
We went here on a night where they closed off part of the street to have a party... AND the best part was, there was actually a group of guys who paid for a "table" and another group of people who I am convinced were there just to take pictures of themselves for Facebook. This place is very.. very. very. very. lame.
I was surprised to like this place, given the lackluster reviews on here. Way decent bar food for a reasonable price. Great wings. Nice service. Lotsa eye candy. We had fun!
I love the fact that this is a Steelers Football bar...definitely makes me a fan!  We watched the game this morning with Steelers fans and enjoyed $3 Iron City beer in the can and free yellow Jello shots - not a bad way to spend a Sunday morning!
At night this place is a pretty standard Old Town bar, but if you are an OSU football fan then come here for the games! It's packed with buckeyes.... Probably the closest to home I've felt since moving out here, plus they offer 5 cent beers one hour before kickoff.
At least American Junkie is honest. By including the word "junkie" in their title, they let you know up front that they are a manifestation of the word. Also spelled as "junky" this adjective can be defined as - "having the quality (or being like) junk, cheap or of low quality" - and it perfectly describes everything about this place.

The laughably long line of people waiting to get in on a Fri/Sat night? Junky.

The bouncers? Unbelievably Junky.

The patrons you meet once you finally get inside the bar? Junky.

The food? Junky.

The too crowded bar area? Junky.

The wait to get one measly drink? Junky.

The service? Junky.

The wait staff that is more concerned about their looks than their tables? Junky.

The dance floor filled with d-bags and wannabes? Junky.

Unfortunately, I've been here more than once (not voluntarily as once was more than enough) and I always have a junky time. I don't like to waste my time doing junky things as Scottsdale has so much more to offer, and I also don't like buying junky things. Basically, it comes down to the fact that I refuse to spend my hard earned dollars at a place that continually promotes a junky atmosphere and junky customer service.
This is the place to be if you are looking for a casual place to go to where you can grab some drinks and dance. The dress code is really easy compared to the other bars and clubs in old town. Place gets pretty packed most of the time and usually  has a long line. Overall great kick back environment with different types of music.
Sunday - American Junkie turns into a Steeler bar...they have plenty of TV's all showing just the Steeler game.

Well Im not a steeler fan...lol...but had a good time.

Food and drinks... Pittsburgh beers available that are not found elsewhere or liquor store. Price is on the high side for everything.

Crowd... Younger crowd

Decor.... everything is done up nice...if your a steelers fan...even a steel curtain on the way to the restrooms

OVERALL... I can say It was plenty packed and very hard to get a drink and service was poor. Food came out just warm. I think they are very $$$ and would go elsewhere ..unless u like the steelers..then prob found yourself a pricey home.
sunday, or whenever the steelers are on, junkie turns into steelers nation. which is great for me since im a fan.. every tv is the steeler game, so dont think you can come in and get a different game, sucka.

5 cent beer an hour before kickoff, breakfast menu, pittsburgh menu including pierogies, drinks like iron city and yuengling. not at a cheap price, but i guess if you really want that pgh vibe, its there. jello shots for steelers touchdowns is something to look forward to.

usually a popcorn machine is present, and an ice cream bar freezer as well.

waitstaff is typically friendly, pretty, funny, pretty funny, crazy. 

for the rest of the weekdays, they have happy hour 4-7p. i think its half off apps/drinks. food is good. wings are good. they also have scattered weekend and nightly specials.

definitely gets packed and douchey on the weekend so beware.

get junked.

go steelers.
I really liked this place! Went here for happy hour with some coworkers and a few ordered food which smelled good, though I'm not sure how it tasted (I didn't hear any complaints).

The outdoor seating areas were really cute and comfortable with lots of space for any number of people in your party.

The drink menu was really inventive -- I had the Blueberry Lemondrop and it was DEEELICIOUS, with muddled blueberries. Yum!

I know it's weird to give 5 stars for a bar/lounge but if you think about it, they deliver on the main points -- good drinks, great prices, tons of seating -- makes for a great time!
this place is a big joke, why do people go there?? big line?? lol woowww  
 Service is slow, slowwwww. 40min to order drinks, and i tip 40%, your loss sweetie.
The only way to have a good time at Junkie is to get there early and snag a table, or be a hot 20 year old and butter up the bouncer... and then the bartender when you get inside.   If either of those doesn't work for you, then plan on waiting in a long line and getting terrible service at the bar.    Don't let my opening statement steer you away, there is potential for a good time here.  Of the handful of times I've subjected myself to the low scale, high priced, barely 20 something bar, I've had fun twice.   The key both of those times was getting a table!! The waitress counts on you for her tips, so she will be attentive and she has "pull" with the bartender so you can get your drinks way quicker.   Every time I've had to go to the bar, I've been completely ignored. Now, I'm no supermodel, but I'm not too sore on the eyes either... not even my D cups worked!  At our last visit we actually ordered some appetizers, they were just okay, but exactly what I would expect from bar food.  I struggle with my rating because I would give Junkie a 3 for the two times I had a good experience, but 1.5 for the others.  I guess that tells me that my fellow yelpers have done us solid with a current rating of 2.5.
Went here on a Wednesday evening after flying for 4 hours from Chicago to AZ: I was hungry and wanted a drink, and was in town for work, but wanted to hang with my friends as well.

long story short: the drinks were weak, the food was awesome (shrimp tacos were infinitely better than I imagined they would be at such a place), it got insanely crowded after about midnight.

If you don't look like a douchebag or aren't wearing heels and a miniskirt you might feel slightly out of place, only reason this place is getting a decent rating is because the tacos were awesome and they have a nice patio.  Get there early if you want to have a good time free of stilettos and sunglasses worn at night.
The Good:  Prettiest girls in AZ. Before midnight 70% girls in the club.

The Bad: Girls leave around midnight and it becomes sausage fest.

The Ugly: After midnight it's too packed, line too long, 70/30 ratio of men and women.
The only place to go in Scottsdale on Wednesday Nights.  After 10 pm on a Wednesday, Friday, or Saturday it does gets slam packed.  However, it is a great spot to watch games in a relaxed atmosphere.  Overall good food, great location, and nice patio.

U have to spin the junkie wheel.
I have only been here during the day for a sporting event, so there may be two types of reviews here: the day crowd and the night crowd.  But I have to say, on behalf of the day crowd, the service rocks, the food is amazingly good for a sports bar, the prices are great and we come back every single Saturday for college football.  And, yes, I'm picky - I forced my group to leave Buffalo Wild Wings in favor of this place just for the food!  The vibe is great and we really like all the staff.  I can't vouch for the evening crowd, I'm sure it's crazy - it's Snottsdale, after all.
3 of us went for Saturday lunch. "Skinny Chick" lunch special is ANY salad and light beer for $8. No * by the special indicating fine print. But they charged me $2 for the chicken in my BBQ CHICKEN chop salad. Obviously $2 isn't much, but it's the principle and was just extra annoying after the already poor service!

* One of us asked for no mayo or cheese on a burger. Got both
* One of us asked for an American Burger with turkey patty. Got a beef patty.
* However, my BBQ chicken chop salad was yummy! Even if they did charge me $2 more for chicken...

Will return for drinks, not food
Great Happy Hour, great menu, great people, and the best night club in OT after 10pm Wednesday, Friday and Saturday!!!  

Happy Hour is from Monday - Friday with specials that cant be beat! Delicious NEW MENU!!! Happy Hour includes 1/2 off all appetizers and liquor from 4pm-7pm with extended Happy Hour on Fridays until 10pm.

Saturday and Sunday, breakfast menu is available until 2pm and they also have $5 Redbull Vodkas, Mimosas, Mojitos, and Margaritas until 10pm.

Don't forget to stop in and try the NEW MENU items! Some of my favorites are the Chicken Pesto brick oven pizza, the skinny burger, the Brisket Sandwich, and the Chicken and Veggies plate!!!
Let's start with American Junkies happy hour,  which features half off drinks & apps.  You have to try the fried pickles & Grilled street corn.  For an entree I recommend the beef brisket, or southwest burger.  If you saved any room for desert, you have to get the banana split, it is enormous & delicious.  Then if you want to stay & play late American Junkie morphs into a fun dance spot.  You'll be plenty entertained by the girls that get up to spin the wheel and it's always packed which makes for good people watching.  Overall a great time for any time of day :)
i LOVE this place. i've been to numerous bars, grills, and restaurants. there is NOTHING i don't love about this place. first, the food is outstanding, quality, and large portions. happy hour has 1/2 off all drinks and 1/2 off all appetizers. these are not your normal typical bar appetizers and they do not skimp on portions. they have a great large bowl of mac and cheese with bacon as an appetizer and ends up costing $3. they give you a full plate of large wings with numerous choice of flavors. 12 large wings. not 6-8 like alot of poor happy hours give you. they have a large appetizer list with a variety of great and unique choices. they're awesome and super cheap on happy hour and still priced well off of happy hour. all drinks 1/2 off!! all, not selected, not reduced priced by $1.  half off period. can't beat it. they have large 64 ounce pitchers of mojitos, redbull and vodka, beer, and other drinks for $20. seriously, i've been to happy hours where 1 redbull and vodka is $7.50 alone. nevermind 64 ounces. i've had their chicken dinners, pasta dinners, numerous appetizers. all outstanding. the atmosphere has lots of big plasmas to watch any game. their seating is unique. they have large tables with part of the seating like a long comfy couch and the other seating are chairs. very comfortable. it's a cool restaurant and sports bar that you can have great food, super cheap drinks, quality, fun, and it's also good for families. there is an area that sits away from the bar area. i've been there multiple times and it's never busy. it's hidden and you can't see it from a major road. it's arounds indian school & scottsdale rd. Go there. try it. happy hour 4-7. Love everything about this place and only wish i lived closer.
Fun crowd, cool bouncers, drinks were a little weak but they were cheap so we didn't mind.  I definitely plan on returning the next time I am in the area.
Really nice bar and a great tv set up. Their cherry limeade cocktail is a very unique and tastes great.
I just came in here to eat for my sister's birthday and I thought it was pretty tasty. We ordered 2 appetizers, nachos with chicken and fried pickles. I loved the nachos but fried pickles aren't my thing really. I ordered the junkie burger and that definitely ruled. Egg on a burger with bacon, couldn't pass it up. It was delicious! We all split the giant banana split between the 8 of us and there was plenty leftover. I definitely recommend checking this place out.
I am not one for clubs the continual "dance dance dance," but Junkie has the best blend

The weekend extravaganza started on a Wednesday (hehe) , if it was up to me it would have ended here. 

Why I like this place: Get past the Scottsdale douchbag; you want to truly know what a Dbag is...go to scottsdale. Although, in a wonderful turn of events I must say I have never received so many  free shots from people I just met, and if you are like me and enjoy fun conversation, people here are picking up what your laying down. 

R\_

NOte: I have a theory, I think people go to places lik this and clubs because of one underlying feeling....feeling on an implicit boredom. hmmm ponder.
This place is only awesome if you are one of three things: 1. an Ohio State fan, 2. a metrosexual, or 3. someone trying to hook up with an Ohio State fan or metrosexual...Everyone else, do yourself a favor and go to any one of the many hundreds of awesome bars in old town that will happily accommodate the general public.
Good deal on happy hour- but service absolutely sucks. Finished a drink waiting to order food.
Went there to see UFC129. Not a bad seat in the house for any sporting events. Huge LCD tv's everywhere. Bartender made excellent drinks and the wings made me tap out. I'm a wuss what can I say.
I cannot believe I am giving this place five stars.  16 year-old punk rawk me would look at [redacted] year-old me and punch me squarely in the nads if he thought I would ever be caught dead in a buttlicking Scottsdale frat-bro bar.  And even though it smells like trenbolone, Axe Body spray, and quiet feminine desperation, I can't help but love this place.  

Awesome bar staff and - wait, what??? - friendly, respectful bouncers.  Beer is cheap, mixed drinks are strong-ish.  Usually a diverse crowd.  Never had food here, so I can't comment on that, but they do have free ice cream.  Do you know what goes really splendidly with lots-o-shots of I-Don't-Know?  Ice cream.  Who knew, right?  Did I mention that sometimes, people will just hand you drinks here?  And they don't know what's in them?  I'd advise my sister not to accept free, unsolicited shots from a stranger, but I'm not one to take my own advice.

As a healthy straight man, I really appreciate the lack of clothing most female patrons wear here.  Combine that with the wheel-of-shots up on the bar, and at times Junkie feels like the pre-party before a Roman orgy, in the good kind of way. 

So I would tell my 16 year-old punk rawk self to chill the F out, and that by the time you're [redacted] years old, you'll really be beyond caring what everyone else is doing unless it amuses you.  And everything amuses me at American Junkie.  And then I'd preemptively punch 16 year-old punk rawk me in the nuts, tell him to invest in Apple and Google, bet the middle on Super Bowl 34, and to not marry that girl that you're going to marry.  Then I'd give him a few hundred bucks, because that was a lot of money [redacted] years ago.  

And also, 16 year-old punk rawk self, the DJ rolled out some WTTHAAB-era NOFX last Saturday night, the perfect thing to make you feel young, dumb, and full of [redacted] again - and when you get to be my age, you will appreciate that.
I went to this bar last night with some friends and it was alright. We got there early, like around 9, and got a table on the patio. The drinks were decent, and my friends' drinks were really cheap (it was extended happy hour unbeknownst to me), so I ordered amaretto sours and they were 8$ a piece (not on HH), so that sucked a whole lot for me. I guess you live and you learn. So about halfway through our time there, our waitress switched the area she was serving, so we cashed out and got a new waitress. The new waitress was atrocious. I think she may have come by once in over an hour. We couldn't order more drinks and we couldn't pay and leave. Eventually, we had to go up to the bar to try to pay so we could get out of there. It was ridiculous. Also, the music was good at first, but then got switched to a bunch of covers of songs all by the same people (and I didn't see a live band, but it may as well have been) so it got a little old and annoying and it's not a great place to dance. On a good note, the bar on the inside is pretty cute looking and the drinks tasted fairly good. I would think about going back, but definitely to start the night, not to end it.
Oh Junkie, what can I say about a place that once hosted midget wrestling besides...I love you!  This is one of my favorite places just because it's not quite as snobby as Scottsdale locales can be.  There's three different bars which comes in handy when it gets busy, which it does often, and a few places with enough room to get your groove on if you feel so inclined.  Not to mention that they have a wheel you can spin with such options as "Body Shots" (I may or may not have had the wheel land on that one before...) or "Kiss a stranger".
came out last night with a few friends. The bar was cool, but I'm really not a fan of the crowd in Old Town. The drink prices were not bad, but it was a blast dancing outside. Overall a pretty cool spot.
I must have gone to a different place, judging by the other reviews here.  I guess Monday night is totally dead at American Junkie.  We were tourists, with a 5-year-old in tow, and there was only one other table occupied by a lone diner.  No dancing, nothing going on, giving us a great opportunity to actually see this funky joint.

My daughter and I shared a salad with all kinds of goodies in it, plus a burger.  The food was terrific.  Drinks were reasonable, and the service was friendly and efficient.  

We would have loved to sit out on the patio, but the heat and humidity made it impossible, even with a misting system.  (And I'm from Vegas, which is not nearly as uncomfortable!) 

Great experience for my first time in Scottsdale, where I expected every place to be impossibly snooty.  Not here!!
The name of the bar is pretty sweet.  The prices are avg. for oldtown.  The crowd was more laid back then say...Smashbox. It was a good time. Went on a Friday night, so it was clubby, loud, and packed. The outdoor bartender sucked. Only one of him and a million ppl, I understand that, but he didn't know how to speed bar.  Get your drinks inside.
Providing this review for American Junkie as one of the valley's BEST STEELER bars!  Woo hoo....great place to watch the game.  Each time we've been there our waitress has been on top of things for as many people that show up on a Sunday to watch the game.  Kudos!
Not bad but not great. Definitely targets a younger crowd- college kids. I like that it has a casual feel, but made me feel cougerish. My drink (jack & 7) was quite stiff - Nidi likes. Also, good prices on beer.
Tip- check this place out Wednesday nights around 10.
I discovered this place on my way to a comedy show! It was a Saturday night with an ASU game on and was not packed so we stopped in to get a drink and a bite to eat. First impression was nice! Everything looked clean and open, which i didn't expect from the outside appearance. 
The service was kinda slow. I have worked in the restaurant/bar industry for 10+ years and I understand how things can go wrong that the customers don't see so i am not going to be hard on these guys. (By the way, the girls are all dressed pretty skimpy and the guys are just short of guidos, so if you have small kids this may not be the place to bring em) So the drink service was slow and throughout we never were really sure who our server was. One girl took our drink order, another brought them, someone else took our food order, someone else brought our food, and someone else came over to see if all was ok... There had to be 15 employees and maybe 25 customers, not to mention the kitchen staff. 
So the service was slow and not sure why because we were constantly seeing the staff goofing around with one another and as mentioned before it was not busy. BUT the associates were very nice the entire time so it was not bad service my any means, just slow and a little unattentive. 
It seemed to turn into a club style late at night, which could explain the extensive staff. 
There is a wheel that you can spin with different actions on it, such as, "kiss a random' '50% off bill" "go plastic" (which apparently gives you a chance to win plastic surgery). I would suggest NOT attempting this if you are not single. 
Overall, the food was GREAT!!!! The place was clean (bathrooms could use attention). The service could use some tweeking. But we were happy with it!
I'll be generous with my rating as I rarely visit. I always enjoy Junkie, but I attribute it more to who I am with than the bar.

If you're looking for your muscular deep-V spray tan Scottsdale dbag or your platinum blonde post college sorority girl, than make this a stop.

Girls can spin the wheel atop the bar and do some embarrassing act that they wouldn't do sober. The dance floor would be great if they didn't try to squeeze in tables for bottle service. They do play typical club music, which I enjoy. The bartenders are aloof and pander to their friends and hot girls.

Overall, add it to the list of pretentious Scottsdale bars/clubs that you inevitably go to occasionally  because one of your friends is in the mood.
Great place for dancing if you do not like techno. Located right in old town where there are a ton of nightlife options. Me and my friend went to smashboxx first and hated all the techno so we came here. A mix of top 40 and hip hop. Packed. Good crowd but younger and more casual. A good time was had by all.
We went to this place at 6 pm on a Friday and it was EMPTY. I have no idea why! The happy hour, especially on Friday, is amazing! The food was good and the drinks were creative and well made. They have a bacon wrapped hot dog! I think I can end my review there.
Fabulous place to watch college football on a Saturday!
LOVE this place!  Try the sweet potato tater tots!!  Great pizza too!!  Go Steelers!
Fun, energetic atmosphere. Bartenders were fast. The bar had no cover on a Friday night so I'm happy about that.  The place was pretty crowded, but not so bad that you couldn't walk around. I had a good time!
O H - I O!  

Ohio Fans welcomed!  This is a great place to watch the Buckeyes.

However, I'm not much of a college football fan.  I attended this place during a Saturday evening and it definitely for a more younger crowd than me.  The music is loud and popping and the girls are dancing on the bars and tables.  I can dig.

Cheap shots at the door, just to keep you warm I gathered and the blood flowing.  Ladies, get on the bar and spin the wheel and see what happens next -- good luck!  They serve food here, but I'm not sure I want to eat here yet.  It's more of a "another round for the bar" type of place instead of a "yes I would like ketchup" place.  - Enjoy!
I always enjoy visiting the Junk. Great happy hour specials and the food is excellent for a bar. Very busy club atmosphere on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights.
American Junkie advertised no cover and open bar from 8pm-10pm for NYE. There was a small line when we arrived but it wasn't moving. The door man said they were only checking in bottle service customers and they will let the general public in at 11pm. We asked about their open bar promotion and they said if we want to get in we have to pay $60. We were very unhappy with their customer service and happily went somewhere else that charged a cover but treated their customers with respect. Firehouse and The Lodge are better options if you are looking for a casual bar in Old Town Scottsdale.
Tonight was my second visit, I would give 5 stars for both.  The food is Excellent.  The prices are so good we tried three things each night and all was good.  Plus the people next to us gave us stuff they couldn't eat because they were too full.  This place has very good specials and to be truthful the food was worth full price.  We went early to eat  so I am not commenting on the night life as I work early in the morning and don't stay out late too often.  I am glad this place has a real diversity of clientele because they seem to have it together enough to keep their business in the black and stick around awhile.  The food alone would be enough for me.  The 20 somethings that were around me said they really like this place for night fun too.  Oh to be 20 years younger, LOL.   This will be a must stop for my husband and myself for early evening dinner and drinks.
Tonight was my second visit, I would give 5 stars for both.  The food is Excellent.  The prices are so good we tried three things each night and all was good.  Plus the people next to us gave us stuff they couldn't eat because they were too full.  This place has very good specials and to be truthful the food was worth full price.  We went early to eat  so I am not commenting on the night life as I work early in the morning and don't stay out late too often.  I am glad this place has a real diversity of clientele because they seem to have it together enough to keep their business in the black and stick around awhile.  The food alone would be enough for me.  The 20 somethings that were around me said they really like this place for night fun too.  Oh to be 20 years younger, LOL.   This will be a must stop for my husband and myself for early evening dinner and drinks.
I'm going to be pretty generous with this bar because of one thing...it's not their pretty decent customer service (Ask for Cassie as a bartender, she's kick ass), it's not the food (aka I've never eaten here...unless of course if you consider beer a food group, but thats a whole nother topic), it's not the great wide variety of people, ethnicities, and ages you'll mingle with, it's not the funny wheel that you spin when your wasted...It's the wait for it...Fudgesicles that they serve FOR FREE in the little ice cream freezer behind the main bar near the kitchen entrance! Seriously Junky, GREAT idea. I luv fudgesicles, so when I'm tossing back a few with my friends I love to sneak away and go grab some ice cream. Alright, there it is! The secrets out...your welcome Scottsdale ;)
We went to American Junkie not expecting much (just atmosphere). We went with a group for dinner and were pleasantly surprise! The food was CHEAP for scottsdale and it was super good too! Their drink menu is also extensive which was nice!

I would have given it 5 stars BUT they play the TVs/Music a bit too loud (hard to have a converstation) and it look a few minutes for someone to track down our server when we arrived. But other than that its a nice place to go during the early hours of the day... BEFORE IT TURNS INTO THE SCOTTSDALE CLUB SCENE! 

We will definately be back!! :)
A place that doesn't serve Hennessy will always get 0-1 star
I like it!  Great atmosphere, decent beer selection, good food, nice prices.  It's very urban, lounge-y, great music--not too loud, so you can still have a conversation.  I had the Pesto Pizza and it's HUGE.  I really had a good time here.  Side note:  I went midweek, so the crowd was pretty low key.  Apparently weekends are a little rowdier.
Junkie and I have history and good history I tell ya! nye gay kiss @ the junkie, birthday table service @ the junkie, cute boy flirtations? again @ the junkie.  awesome bartender service... yea @ the junkie and... memorable nights... oh junkie you and I just mesh well! It's one of the larger clubs in Old Town, by day and early evening a resto (with good pizza, I must add!) and late night a ragin' club. With three bars, two patios, a semi-existent dance floor by the dj booth and next to the lounge bar, plenty of room to roam and most times I've been there a decent looking crowd it's a good spot to go when you're out and about at Old Town. It really depends on the night but the music's very danceable and DJ Rolemodel takes requests (I know coz I text mine to him). The spin wheel above the bar is nothin big coz a shot is really a swig from schnapps, I'll pass and usually my luck is coz i'm already kinda tipsy... it goes up my nose. not a good thing =( Junkie is usually my go to place when nothin else in Old Town gets my fancy and is a great alternative to BS West. lol.
Attn Out Of Towners: 
Take the name of this bar seriously - I saw nothing but crack heads here... There were some very distinct smells in the air on the patio... Lots of belligerent college kids... As a couple of girls looking for a fun night, we found this place a little bit scary!
Douchebags, Short skirts and crappy house music.

Perfect for 20-30 year old range.
Let me just say, this place has a lot of potential.  

American Junkie broacast many major sporting events on 25 plasma TVs throughout the place.  They caters to a younger crowd.  Has a DJ booth with great music.  Decor is like an upscale TGI Fridays.   The outdoor patio is comfy and chic with a huge screen.

Pros

Great food, lively environment, lots of TVs, comfy seating (partial booths), upscale decor, great for young adults

Cons

The wait staff isn't attentive.  The wait time to receive your food is terrible.  It take an average of 45 minutes to receive your food.  Menu isn't consistent.  No host to greet customers. Customers aren't instructed to seat themselves.  So, when you enter you are just confused.

When I first ate at AJ in Dec. 2011, there were soooo many menu options.  The food portions were large...which anyone would love. Now, the portions are average.  With each visit the menu has become smaller and smaller.  We were told the menu has lessen to speed up service.  Well, I can see its not working.   So far I've eaten at AJ 3 times. I keep coming back because the food is tasty and I can always find some type of discount. But, the one thing that is consistent is their slow service.  Whether its through the week or on the weekend make sure you are not in a rush because you will be there for a while.  

On my last visit I  was among a party of 4.  We arrived around 4:45pm and didn't leave until 6:30pm, that wasn't because we were lingering and enjoying ourselves, it was because our orders was incorrect....no blue cheese on the Chicken Diablo Sandwich.  I tried to eat it anyway because i knew it was going to take a long time to receive a new sandwich, but I just could get pass the blue cheese taste. Yuck, but that's just me. Would you believe after all of that, we still hadn't eaten. We had to get it to go.  If I weren't using a Restaurant.com $25 certificate,  we wouldn't have stayed for so long.  

If they could just improve the level of  customer service at this place, this place would be awesome.
It's the perfect happy medium for a Saturday night out in the town and still keeping your dignity.. I had a blast no one was acting a fool besides the fashion victims that forgot we were in old town and not in Vegas .. The food was reasonable, filling, and delish.  The salad I had with my turkey burger was out of this world /Service was top notch.
We ALWAYS have a awesome time here! The Bartender, Charlie, KNOWS what "customer service" really means! He is the reason we come here 2 watch all the Fights!
ALERT: DOUCHE BAG CENTRAL!! Like most of the people here looking to: hit it & quit it... I hit this place up  and I doubt I'll be going back. There are too many people in too small of a space so don't bother if you're not down to "get down"
So much fun! The vibe in this place is electric and I liked being there. Went on a Saturday night around 10:30pm and immeidately had drinks bought for me. I was by far not the prettiest girl there because I haven't had plastic surgery done but the guys seemed pretty friendly. In fact, best cranberry and vodka I've ever had. 

The outdoor area looked legit with little tables and couches to sit on. I would have stayed longer if I had the chance!
Last weekend was my roommate's birthday. We wanted to get a table and boy did we! I know Eddie but set the table up with Erica and she was most accommodating. Mollie (I'm pretty sure that was her name) helped a lot too. Anything we needed, BAM there she was. Need a bigger table? Cool. Only want one person handling the check for low hassle? Done. Juice? Soda? Shots? Comped bottle of champagne? Done, done and done! (I'm not sure they always comp the champagne but we would have gladly paid for it. Regardless, it was the cherry on top of a great night.) 

My roommate had a great time, and couldn't have been happier. Me and my other roommate set the whole thing up, so we were heroes. All in all, a great night, and I want to thank Erica and Mollie for being such great hosts! I can't wait to come back!

Peace!
If I could give it a zero, I would.  We went there upon returning home from a Diamondbacks game, and the meathead bouncers wouldn't let us in because we were wearing Diamondbacks jerseys (1 of us) and Diamondbacks t-shirts (the rest of us).  So wait.... they advertise themselves as a sports bar (according to their Facebook page and here on Yelp), yet you can't wear sports apparel in there?  Now that makes great sense!

One of the girls in our group jokingly said to the meathead/bouncer that she'd give him $20 to let us in.  Of course that caught his interest.  When she explained to him that she was only joking and called him a jagoff, he entered a state of mass confusion (too much for Mr. Meathead Bouncer to comprehend).   We gladly took our business across the street to the Lodge while the bouncers scratched their heads, and the Lodge openly welcomed us and our Dbacks attire.  Since our conversation continued to revolve around AJ's outlandish and hypocritical policy, we walked by there again afterwards and asked for clarification, and to speak to a manager.  The "manager" turned out to be a Mega- Meathead/Douchebag, and he rambled a bunch of stuff off that didn't make much sense.  When they became physically aggressive towards our group we walked away.  We'll definitely be contacting management to let them know of our horrific experience with this "bar."
Sadly, for the nightclub, it blows. Saturday football games are 180º different, for the better.

This nightclub on Friday night to seriously play the same five fist-pumping songs  was enough to drive me NOT to drink. No lie, the hot list on Pandora would've made a better playlist.
Unless you're 21 or hot mess wasted, it's not a good time.
College bar.  Loud, not exactly very clean.  If you order a Grey Goose, everyone around you with think you are a baller.  The DJ happened to be the opposite of great the night we were there (I mean he was HORRIBLE).  I'm all about mixing in great songs from the 80's and 90's, but they have to be songs people have heard.  Had 1 drink and went next door to a place that had a better music selection.  Good place to get loud, spill beer and hang with college age people......fun, just not the night I was looking for
I went here on Friday October 5th for a birthday celebration with my roommate and friends. Everything was pretty hip and cool so I decided to start a tab and gave my driver's license and credit card to one of the bartenders.

About 1:30am I decided to close out my tab and head back home. When I went to the bar they informed me they didn't have my ID or credit card! I asked them to check again as I haven't left the the restaurant and I had given it to them. The bartender suggested that I must've already received it back (which doesn't make sense because the tab was still open/she had just closed it) or that maybe I dropped it somewhere! HA! How was I supposed to drop it or receive it back without closing the tab?

Anyway I knew they closed at 2am, so I decided to just wait it out and ask again after they had the lights on and were cleaning up. So at 2:10am I went back to the bar and asked them to check for it. Of course they still couldn't find it. Frustrating but I know things happen and in a busy bar things get misplaced. So I inquired to when they open the next day as I'll check back then. One of the bartenders told me 11am and the front door man told me 9am.

Saturday morning Oct 6th, I call at 9am. No one answers. I wait and then call at 11am, no one answers. I leave a voicemail explaining the situation and requesting a call. At 11:30am there was no call back so I decide to just drive up there and talk with them in person. And would you know it, they're closed till the night at 5pm!

So at 4:30pm I call again, and this time get a hold of a manager Jonathan. I explain to him the situation and he takes my number and tells me he'll check now for it and call me right back. Half an hour later,  no call back. I call again. Answering machine. I wait 15 minutes, call again. Answering machine. So I leave another message explaining the situation, and request a call back. 

One week letter. No phone call from American Junkie. 

And of course my Drivers License and credit card still missing.

I understand mistakes happen and bars are busy. But what is unacceptable is the complete lack of follow through by the management and failure to own up to a mistake. I will never be going here again and would encourage anyone else to stay away.
This place should be renamed American Trashcan based on the crowd.
I've only been here on Friday nights and only because a lot of my friends insist on meeting up here. I'm guessing it is because there in no cover to get in, but there is a line(and it goes quickly). I really can't stand anything about this place. Everything from the music to the people have a overall lack of class and tact.
Went on a Wednesday night, and filled up rather quick.. Drink service was a bit crowded, to be expected, but got served in a timely manner. The promoter of that night was very hospitable, but what can happen here in Scottsdale.. you get the one drunken, stuck-up, failed attempt of a Plastics from "Mean Girls" Snottsdale friend of the promoter who will call you out if she thinks your presence upsets the Harry & David Apple Cart.. She must have seen some GI Joe in her day, because she had a kung-fu grip on my arm, practically begging for an assault charge brought up on her..!
Maybe it's my fault for not doing my research before choosing a place to spend New Year's, but my experience last night has guaranteed that American Junkie will not get any more of my business. 

Like almost everyone else who showed up early, I assumed their flyer advertising free cover before 11 and a free champagne toast at midnight was legitimate. What I found instead, was that the management lied, (they even admitted it to our faces), and guys were now $20 to get in. (girls would be $10 after 10)

Half our group (mainly the girls) had already gone inside when we discovered that the guys we were with had to go hunt down ATMs, coming back to a line that was poorly-managed and about 2 hours long. 

Am I stupid for planning around a NYE flyer? Maybe. I'm new to Scottsdale and apparently not savvy enough to realize that some clubs in Old Town will just flat out lie to their patrons. They know they'll get hordes of rude douchebags knocking down their doors to come inside anyway. WHY?? Why was I even there and why did I give them my business? Never again.

Oh, and the inside was packed like sardines. They let in so many people that fights were breaking out left and right, getting a drink was hopeless, and bathroom lines were a half hour long. People were hopping the fence to get in, sick and tired of the line outside. But those in our party who had to wait so long to get in were disappointed anyway.

We stayed till midnight, thinking JUST MAYBE the bar would keep one promise they'd advertised all over their website, and pass out flutes of champagne. Nope.

This would have never happened in Downtown Phoenix. I know it's just a bar, but honestly people, we need to hold places accountable for deception. My friends and I planned a night out that got ruined... and half our party left, fed up with the situation.

Don't go to American Junkie... it is just that, junk.
Decided to spend New Years here and giving them much of my business you would expect to have more respect here. 

Their New Years party said to be free before 11 and a group of 25 of us get there at 945 to make sure that we get in and not have to wait in a horrid line which we end up doing anyway. The manager of junkie and bouncer would not accept their own claim for the free admission like it says on their FB and flier they promoted and they should be confronted on their baiting advertisement which is completely illegal and should be sued. I have dumped way to much money on them to receive this type of treatment. They are all on their high horses and feel like they are doing us a favor for coming there and spending our money...they have it all wrong.
This place sucks. Waited in line for twenty minutes since there was supposed to be a "free" cover. Got to the door and the dooshbag bouncers didn't care to stand by what the advertised, so we spent our money elsewhere. I do not support businesses that pull bait and switches, and I hope others don't either. Im glad I didn't go there and had a great time at a much more upscale bar with less sloppies trying to get numbers.
I came with a group of 18 people for New Year's Eve and we all had an amazing time.  We worked with one of American Junkie's promoters, Jonathan, to make sure we got there early enough to not pay any cover, and had a huge table with dinner.  The dinner was good and the service was great.  By the time we finished up, the party was starting, and it was awesome.  Great job, American Junkie.  We'll definitely be back!
They have a awesome happy hour menu and prices, my coworkers and I have tried almost everything on the menu and its all delicious! There is usually no one in the place and service is slow but its worth it bc the food is so good and cheap!
I went to this bar for New Year's Eve and they had put up an ad online saying that is was suppose to be free before a certain time and me and my friends got there well before the time slot and they said that they were charging all guys $20 still even though it said something different on their own website. They played all guys that went before that time slot with the classic bait and switch scheme which is definitely illegal but there is no reason to go to court over $20 which they know which is why they thought and did get away with it because we all had planned to go there and some of our friends were already in there so we kind of were forced to pay the extra $20 to get in even though we were some of the first about 50 people to go in there.
I honestly don't know what it is about this place. We stopped in for a drink and to catch some of the AFC Championship game and it was pretty dead, but the vibe was just weird. Pretty unfriendly, not welcoming idk - maybe its just not my kind of place.
This place is douche lord central!  We bought table service with a keg and a few bottles on Friday for a friends Birthday.  We waited in line to get in for over an hour because the bouncers were too cool for school.  The biggest jerks I have ever met in my life!  The place was dead inside and had over 200 people waiting outside to get in.  They were only letting their friends and SUPER slutty girls in.  (My group was 75% attractive girls).  I was telling the bouncer that we bought a bottle and he just looked at me and walked away...no response.  I have never been treated this poorly!  Finally we got his attention and he let half the group in and told the other half it would be just a few more minutes.  Another 30 minutes later...everyone else was in.  There is no system or reason for any of this!  The best part is that later in the night he came over to our table and started trying to drink with us.  Sorry bro, I'm not paying for your drinks after being treated like shit!  Do not go here, there are so many better and more fun places within walking distance.
We waited in line about 45 minutes to get in on a Saturday night. I highly recommend you take some alcohol with you while you wait in line otherwise your pregaming buzz will be killed. Don't really see what the hype is all about, it's a whatever bar. As one of the reviews mentioned, bunch of semiconscious Scottsdale skanks (unfortunately I couldn't take one home cuz I was with my gf). Overall, crowded, overpriced and pretentious.
My favorite place to go on a night out!!!  Best music in town FOR SURE and best crowd!
Looking at the reviews it looks like everyone has had a much different experience than I. I went here last year and met jonna from real world here. 

Came back again this year and got there about 10 or 10:30 on a Saturday night. No line or cover. Cool. Night started out mild but it really picked up. The wheel they spin is cool free for girls $5 for guys. I didn't spin.

The bartenders were good enough and the DJ was tearing the house down. He kept things fresh by cutting songs off after they were halfway done and just really controlled the crowd well.

Plenty of security though from the vibe it didn't seem necessary. Bathroom lines weren't too bad. Tipped the paper towel dude. 

The DJ also would cut the music on the chorus lyric which was awesome. My voice was definitely lost the next day. Danced with a couple cute ladies. And happened to run into mike trout, baseballs #1 upcoming superstar. 

Bummed I didn't use the yelp checkin offer.
Awesome place. Not many good clubs at all here In Arizona. This one rocks! When we are here in AZ this is one of the places we always come!
Sooo crowded.  not very diverse.  Its Arizona i guess.

Came out here with some friends for baseball preseason action.  at first, it was pretty empty, but then it just started getting crazy.  small dance floor, and soo many people.  it was a cool place.  towards the end of the night, bartenders were getting a bit disgruntled and impatient.  some were just douchy.  I guess it was a long night....   cant complain.
Typical Old Town Scottsdale Bar.  Nothing bad...nothing special either.
Yawn...employees kind of doucheeeeee
Decent for bar food. Nice servers good drinks.

Used to go here for UFC fights, however, one fight night they said they were showing it and were "having trouble with the signal" when they switched to the channel. On the screen it had the notification that the fight wasn't paid for. Asked the server numerous times about it and she said "No, just a signal issue, they pay in advance will have it shortly." After about 4-5 times of going around like that with some different excuse (and the fight already 25 minutes in) my party decides to leave and they finally admit that they "forgot to pay."

Not a fan of being lied to. Will go elsewhere for fights.
Back in the day I used to go here on Wednesday nights (when I was in college) and it was a ton of fun. It was more packed on Wednesday nights than I saw it on most weekends. But anyway, those days are over...so now I go at 7am on Saturday mornings during football season because its an Ohio State bar. Outside patio, 5 cent beers for the hour before kick off, and they serve Skyline. All four stars are due to the fact that it's a Buckeye bar.....O H
Been here a bunch of times. Last night was very disappointing. We had a group of about 20+ people (male and female) to celebrate 3 birthdays. Everyone got in except 1 of my male friends. He was told there was a $50-$100 cover charge because it was after 1130 when in fact we all got in after 1130. A "manager" named josh and whoever was working at the door were complete jerks. Not people that should be working the front door anywhere  if you want people to return to your business.
I sat out on the patio tonight for dinner and it was terrible. The service wasn't great either. They weren't busy for a Saturday at around 6pm since this place starts to get busy at 10pm for the bar crowd. The patio is nice to sit at but if you aren't coming here to get smashed I say don't come at all during the day.
This place is always crowded on the weekends it seems. I've never been here when it is not busy. It is fun and it has options.

Want to chill? Well, hang out on the patio.
Want to dance? Well, there is a dance floor.
Want to drink? Well, this is a bar...
Want to have barely clothed "batenders" feed you? Well, they do have that too but the "liuor in the bottle tastes more like kool-aid than liquor. But hey, it's free.
Get Your Drinks from Madison. Door staff is awesome and this is by far the best bar in old town!
Wow! they actually have FOOD. It's really good TOO!!
The wings are 25 cents on Wednesdays. VEry, Very good.
Try the Junkie Bowl. You will leave Happy!)
The only thing good about this place is that it's an Ohio State bar.  Otherwise sucks.  Terrible service, couldn't get any food, let alone a beer.  We had a large group standing around and no one tried to offer us anything, when we were all prepared to spend money.  Tried asking every server that walked by, food runners, bartenders and even the security with no luck.  They need more servers, preferable ones who know how to do their jobs.
Really cool bar.  The layout provides a lot of space and this place goes off for Ohio State games!  The food is pretty good and at night the place erupts!
Went for happy hour and I was very pleased with the selection of appetizers and entrees. Drinks were a bit on the fruity side, but not weak. Great food, decent drinks, and good service. Plenty of TV's and music, highly recommend! We'll be back...
If you have to pay to take a piss you already lose a star in my book.
Stopped here a few times on weekends. Its always completely packed. The lines for the bathrooms are ridiculously long. The music was top 40 mixed with older popular hits. It reminded me of a college bar..expect to be smushed like a sardine. Very wild but if you're with a good group of people its fun.
Stopped in for lunch today.  Not much of a crowd.  Got the regular menus, and were also given a paper copy menu with a bunch of items (about a third of the total items) crossed off . . . as in not available.  My two friends ordered the basic burger; I ordered the california chicken sandwich (bacon, avocado).  After about 10 minutes the server came back and said my chicken sandwich was not available either.  So I switched to the basic burger as well.  One came out after about 15 minutes, the second one came out after another five minutes and mine came out a full 10 minutes after that.  Our server was slow to refill our beverages.  All in all, just a lousy dining experience.
Came here on Saturday night to celebrate my friends 22nd birthday. She booked a table for 10PM with a bottle of Patron. The table cost her $300+ with tax and gratuity included. When she arrived, she was told the table would not be ready until 11PM. That is the main reason for the docking of a star. Not to mention the "table' was actually a very small table with minimal seating. They played some decent music and the girls were attentive to our table. Everyone there from the employees to the patrons were all very friendly. It wasn't packed at all for a Saturday night, which I found a little weird. We were there until about 12:30am. 

There were also a lot of cockroaches outside on the patio. That was disgusting.
Went there last night to use a Groupon coupon the hub had purchased a while back; he really needs to do more research into the places before he buys coupons.  We had tried to go to AJ at least twice before, each time to find locked doors.  I called and was told they really were only open Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.  Sounds like a hobby for someone instead of an actual going concern.  We stopped in on our way home from work, and found ourselves alone; an older couple came in shortly before we left.  I can imagine that when it's dark outside, and all the neon and whatnot is lit inside, it can be an interesting place to hang out.  But the sunlight streaming in the windows last night didn't do it any favors.  

The hub had ordered chips, salsa and guac by the time I got there.  The salsa was watery, and the fact that it shared a bowl with the guac didn't help either one.  And the chips were totally stale; I imagine they were left over from last Saturday night.  Our server was obviously unhappy to have to tell us that the fryer was down, so we couldn't order any sides that had to be fried.  Really?  You're only open three nights a week, and the fryer is down?  Sure hope you get it fixed before Friday...  

The burger I had was surprisingly good, but the bacon tasted very strange.  And I had a bizarre side dish I never expected to see on the menu in a place like this...a large serving of tricolored quinoa that was presented totally devoid of any moisture...no dressing, no veggies mixed in, nothing.  The house special pizza the hub ordered was good, though.

Service was good, although when the hub ordered Coke, an open carafe was brought to the table along with the glass...so all the fizzies disappeared.  Those plastic carafes could use some replacing; the two we saw, for the Coke and the water, were all cracked and scratched.  

This is a place for John Taffer if I ever saw one...
This is what  I love about Edinburgh. After you think you have seen it all a gem like this pops up and you are in love with this City all over again. 

This secret polish vodka bar is located on top of the Arcade pub, mostly geared to younger crowds.  I came here one Sunday after a gig with some friends and because it was early it was quiet.
However, this place is TINY  with two small rooms and a bar.  The atmosphere is set with the funky decoration(check out my photos) and the candle lit tables. 

They have the most amazing selection of polish vodkas. Their menu and the choices seem endless and  has very useful descriptions in English under each type (including quotes such as "Chuck Norris wouldn't mind" ) I had no idea that their was such a variety in Polish vodkas!

If you are confused as I was about what mixer goes with your choice in vodka the bartender is really helpful and friendly. They even have fun straws for their drinks and the prices are just right!

Vodka fans rejoice!
Theres nothing quite like realising that somewhere you think you know holds a secret. A secret arcade no less. That sells excellent vodka's.

Hidden away this secret Polish vodka bar makes no excuses if you dont know it - its tiny is what I'm trying to say. Theres two rooms and a bar - all of which are infinatly funky and stylish.

The main plus for this place is the most amazing selection of Vodka's - I've never seen so many. It's not like Revolution where its normal vodka with different flavours in it, there are different types of vodka - I've tried as many as I can and the best as i can describe it is a range of smooth to harsh flavours or strenghts of taste. Who knows, it all goes down the same way and i love it.

But this place is a secret, so I'm trusting you to help keep it that that way :)
I can't believe it's taken me four years to find this place! It's tucked in behind Fabrick on Cockburn Street, so much so that'd you'd easily be forgiven for walking past and not even noticing it's there.

When you do find it though, you instantly feel really smug as if you're part of some sort of exclusive club: everyone that knows about it raves about it, and everyone that doesn't just stands there looking really confused and bemused whilst other people bang on about how good it is.

You don't need to have been to Poland to appreciate the delights of good quality vodka. We've all been in a situation where we've woken up with an undeserved hangover, only to eventually work out that your awful state of health isn't so much to do with the quantity of what you drank as opposed to the quality of it. That's not the case here.

Their vodkas are all good quality names, both ones that are well-known in the UK and ones that aren't; but either way you can rest assured that what you're drinking is good stuff.

I was lucky enough to discover this place just after I'd got home from my first trip to Krakow, and very much pining after cherry vodka served over ice, or honey vodka failing that. And I'm pleased to announce, this place can cater for bother of those demands. Although it is a bit on the pricey side (which is why I'm not giving it 5 stars), it's definitely one of Edinburgh nightlife's best-kept secrets.
This bar is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets. Sandwiched between the Royal Mile and Cockburn street on a dodgy looking back alley, the Secret Arcade is amazing. Heading up the stairs you find a pretty small bar, but turning around there is quite a big side room, especially good for birthday parties, as it is all one big table. The bar staff here are really cool, and recommend certain vodkas to you.

Because that's what this place is, mainly a Polish vodka bar. They also do Tyskie and Zywiec but the primary focus is on vodka, and with about 100 odd on the menu it doesn't disappoint. With flavours ranging from apple, banana, cherry etc to Turkish delight, there is everything a vodka lover could want. They also have different strengths, going anywhere from about 30% to 95% which, from personal experience, is deadly. 

If you haven't been to this bar yet, definitely head off there, for a great atmosphere, awesome drinks and a completely different experience from most Scottish bars.
This place has got it nailed in the name...... SECRET. 

I had no idea this place even existed until Mr. Joe A was adamant we go find it on St Patricks Day and give it a go!! Ok, so by the time we arrived here some of us were well on our way but the 5 shots of vodka for £10.99 totally sounded like a good idea!? 

I ended up having 3 different kinds of vodka here, a blackcurrant one, Lime and then something with paprika and black pepper (I wanted to be different!?) and they were all pretty good. Apart from that they taste just like a shot of vodka. I would definitely say if you are going, mix them! My tatanka was delicious though!

The atmosphere is good, the surroundings are pretty nice, the menu sounded yummy!!! I would go back again, but maybe in a more sober frame of mind to properly enjoy it!
So i was introduced to the secret Polish vodka bar this week by Joe A. It is pretty cool, good music, nice staff, good vodka (obviously) and good food! I had haggis, neeps and tatties with whisky sauce and it was absolutely delicious, although a huge portion!

All in all, i can't wait to go back and try more vodka from the extensive menu! :)
The quest to find Secret Arcade was a long and laborious one. Now that I'm in on the secret, I can totally say it was worth the wait.

A couple of us had heard tell of a Polish vodka bar hidden well off the beaten track, up one of the many alleyways and closes that branched off of Cockburn Street. Anyone that knows of the labyrinthine walkways to which I refer will understand that finding a small vodka bar, with nary a name to go on, was no mean feat.

Help, however, was at hand in the form of good ol' faithful Word Of Mouth. And by way of a friend of a friend of a friend, one sad St. Paddy's Day (it was Kerrin's Leaving Do... Paddy just so happened to share the occasion...!) our merry fellowship set off on our quest... and struck gold!

Be very careful to whom you divulge the information I am about to share. Once they know, there's a chance you'll see them a lot more often....!

The Secret Arcade is in fact the elusive upper level of Cockburn Street's Arcade Pub. Entry can be gained by way of the back staircase during the day, but after 7pm, up the dark, narrow and mysterious Jackson's Close, the Secret Arcade opens its own doors for those clever (or informed) enough to find it.

Venture upstairs to find an ever-so hip bar of Polish delights. Armchairs that glow like lampshades in the dimness, two intimate rooms of seating and standing room, a menu of 80+ flavoured vodkas, and more sociable Poles than you can shake a car full of cabbage at. Everything about this place screams cool, from the reputation, to the music, to the décor. Secret Arcade has it in droves.

Now that I've found it, my only worry is that the secret will get out soon and this place will succumb to a horde of drunken chavs and/or students before long. There's something really cool about being in the know about this clandestine bar... it even has me questioning whether to post this review....!?

I've raved about the social aspects, but it doesn't end there. Also available in the bar downstairs, Secret Arcade does some of the most interesting and tasty pub grub in the Royal Mile neighbourhood.

Twice I've been lucky enough to dine here. First time round I plumbed for the Pork & Chorizo Burger, with cheddar, caramelised onion, tomato and Marie Rose sauce. Served with chips and side salad. On my next visit I absolutely had to go for the Robert Burns Haggis Stack with whiskey sauce... oh wow! It's like they took a sand castle bucket and filled it with pure Scotland (see the photo, see it now!) - absolutely delicious. The little tweaks they make to classic gastro dishes is pretty interesting, such as the Marie Rose sauce on a pork burger. They certainly don't skimp on portions or flavour for that matter, and prices are hugely reasonable for what you get.

I want to tell you to find this place, I want to tell you to go. I really do.... but I won't!
Recently I'd heard a lot of whispering about this little hidden secret just off Cockburn Street.  I was intrigued and wanted to go and check this place out for myself.  

I went in at 11pm on a Saturday night which I'll admit was my first mistake as this Polish vodka bar was full to the brim!  

I was pleased to discover that they had a promotion of 5 shots of vodka for £10.99 and you can basically choose any vodka from the extensive menu except a couple that are excluded.  Great deal and fun way of trying different flavoured vodkas.  However everytime finally I chose a flavour and ordered they said they didn't have it so it took me ages to actually place my order.  

Unfortunately that's the best thing I have to say about this place.  I do want to give it another shot, perhaps for food as I've heard good things however I won't be rushing back to be honest.
'we're meeting at secret arcade on friday' was the message i got on wednesday afternoon.  secret arcade i thought.... was the location secret, is there a secret handshake to get in, will someone tell me how to get there??  lucky for me, i was with a group of friends that were well in on the secret so i didn't have to get lost or try out any secret handshakes.

secret arcade is a very cool polish vodka bar that has an amazing collection of high quality vodkas.  it also has good music, nice staff, and very cool decor with awesome red tiled light up chairs right at the top of the staircase.  being slightly tipsy on arrival i wasn't sure if these chairs were actually glass and if i could sit in them.  i did find out they weren't glass, but i never sat in them as we moved into the back room to take advantage of the large table and big bench for lots of people to sit at.  there was also a tv which was showing the matrix in case we had a lull in the conversation.

checking in on the yelp app you get a free shot of a vodka of the week.  i opted for the skittle vodka which very much tasted like a skittle.  it also didn't taste at all like vodka, which could be seen as a good and bad thing.  i got to try some of Jennie's fudge vodka which was also incredibly nice.  i then opted for a cosmo arcade that had cranberry vodka, cranberry juice and lime juice and another vodka that escapes my mind.  Valerie and i decided these were very good and had a second just to confirm.  i ended my night with a hazelnut vodka as recommended by Joe which was both delicious and deadly at the same time.

happily buzzed from the vodka, i descended the stairs back to cockburn street and headed home.  but i definitely felt like i'd been let in on a very cool secret that i want to share with others.  vodka bars are awesome and vodka in any form is a delightful drink!
I visit Cockburn Street frequently but more so for the kooky shops and hadn't really taken note of the Secret Arcade before. So I totally expected a gaming scene with slot machines and tables but it was an arcade of a different sort. Downstairs was quite small, lightly decorated and modern and seemed to be mainly for dining. Upstairs made use of the stone walls giving a cave like effect . It was small and filled up by 11pm but service was still quite quick at the bar, staff were friendly. I could really taste the rainbow through my skittles vodka shot and ended up having 2 cosmo arcades which were delicious! Having already eaten I was quite envious of the haggis stacks that came out of the kitchen and definately want to come back here to try the food........and more vodka from the extensive vodka menu - well it is vodka bar afterall!
I've heard about Secret Arcade for over a year. I even heard they had a free vodka shot with every Yelp Check-In on the App, and yet still I hadn't made it along.

Finally, on a recent Friday, I did. With a dead mobile as the battery had run out during the day in Glagsow. So I couldn't get that check-in or shot.

But what I did get was a whole night of fun in a quirky wee place. The fact that it's called 'Secret Arcade' and is hidden up an alleyway, then up some stairs, means you totally overlook the weird layout, the tacky seats, and the mish-mash put-together feel of the bar. In fact, you actually kind of like it for that.

Much like you like the hazelnut vodka you get to try. And the orange vodka. And the 4 vodka deals that my friends partook of.

This is the sort of place that works when you bring the right crowd. You've got to bring the banter, but if you do you're sure of a fun night. The staff all seemed to be polish too I think, and very friendly. We were an amalgamation of two big groups, spread out across the bar area and seated area and they had to keep squeezing past us, but didn't mind at all.

The food I saw go past looked amazing too. The haggis, neeps and tattie stack was HUGE! The photos on here do it no justice. As big as a grown man's face. The menu had some interesting picks on it too.

I can imagine that before the crowds get here it looks a bit tired and old and isn't the best place for a romantic first date. But it's a great place for some fun with a big crowd, and to try many, many different flavoured vodkas. (Skittles being another I tried, and that was quite crazy).
After a great visit  to certain chicken wing place, on a Saturday during the Fringe,  we needed a place to chill out - for about 7 people who where looking for a good time - The Secret Arcade was something we stumbled upon. 

We entered on street level and saw there were some people eating and there was a chilled atmosphere. We noticed a free corner so we asked if there was space for us and were advised to go 'up the stairs'. (downstairs is for eating food I concluded?)

Once upstairs we found ourselves in an attic bar filled with modern chairs, round tables, coloured strings of lights and spots. They have some cosy corners. 
It was busy but not packed. The humidity was quite an issue, however a few cleverly placed floor fans sorted that out nicely and in turn provided that all important 'breezy-wind-in-hair-effect-when-sweaty' to some girls' poses - very nice indeed! 

The crowd is young, hip and friendly. The serving staff is smiley, friendly and very efficient. We originally went for some whisky (not realising this is a vodka bar) 
But after that first dram we settled in the 'spirit' and ordered shots and shots.. I had also some tequila shots -  It. Makes. Me. Happy.

It is a place I will visit again and I think that the location should stay slightly secret so space will not become a premium.
A vodka bar without the pretentions of George Street or the crowds of students in Revolution, well hello...

Hidden (where the secret comes from I guess) in a close and up a winding stair in the heart of Edinburgh, this place is one secret I would happily keep, though part of me thinks they need an old 80's style arcade machine in the corner...

The Secret Arcade is a quirky and reasonably priced "proper" vodka bar (they keep the speciality vodkas chilled and they are mostly polish/russian) outside of vodka though the other drinks selection is far more limited than the options provided by more commercial bars.

In short Secret Arcade is better suited to being a stopping point, than a bar you linger in, as it is all about the vodka - but it is definitely somewhere worth stopping if you like vodka.
Not really being a vodka drinker, I was all ready to sit in the corner with a solo White Russian and grump my way through pre-dancing drinks. Equally though, I'm a sucker for fancy-looking bottles and bar paraphernalia, so it didn't take a lot of arm twisting to get me fully into the spirit (fnar).

I started off with a quince vodka shot, which was very sweet and very tart, but delicious ice-cold. Drink it down though, because it doesn't work quite as well as it warms up. Hazelnut vodka was another big winner with the whole group; as a shot, over ice or as part of a cocktail it was really superb. I personally enjoyed it most straight-up though: boozy Nutella, mmmmm.

A Yelp check-in earns you a free shot of any of the house vodkas, which on the evening in question included skittles and fudge. Interesting.

Be warned though, double measures seem to be the default in SA's cocktails, so keep an eye on how much you're actually drinking, or your evening may be shorter than you'd hoped. Also, there's a massive TV in the bar area. Okay, it's only showing music videos, but it's hard to ignore a screen no matter how vapid the content is (and trust me, it was pretty vapid).

The bar itself is tucked away down a narrow alley off the High Street and feels very cool. I was wearing braces (in readiness for The Green Door later, I should say) and nobody batted an eyelid - it's that kind of place. That bar staff are also cool and very happy to talk vodka to the uninitiated, which I always take to be a good sign. I left with the feeling that I'd only just scratched the surface, and that perhaps there's more to vodka than I had supposed.
Great location right in Boca Park next to Kona Grill.  Staff is great.  They seem experienced considering they just opened this week.  Food is delicious.  The bartender had everyone's glasses full and nobody waited for drinks even though the bar was jam packed.  The atmosphere is spectacular with a water fountain right outside the front.  There are also a few video poker machines at the bar if you want to try your luck.  Clientele looked pretty sophisticated.  Women were attractive and nicely dressed.  If you're looking for a PT's type of environment, this is not it.  The owners were also walking around all night making sure everybody was having a pleasant experience.  Waiters, busboys, hostesses, owners, everybody made sure we were doing ok.  We were never ignored.  It's going to be a great place.
I work here so I might be a bit biased, but the food is great, all made from scratch! The drinks are also great, a scratch bar and really good beer selection! Ask for Jessi when you come in, I will take great care of you!
Been using Yelp for quite a bit to track down local spots, but finally the time has come to throw out some reviews!  Embers is the perfect venue for numero uno, as it, after numerous visits, has proven to be a great addition to the Boca scene.

Situated smack-dab in the middle of Boca Park, you'll get to enjoy great people watching with the large open-aired patio setup. Fortunately, the nice aroma from the kitchen overpowers the Summerlin pretentiousness that wafts in from the EdHardy'ers walking around outside. A fountain just outside the door provides a nice touch in tandem with the tunes inside. 

Cocktail-wise:
The bar manager, Howard, has been an industry bud of mine for over 5 years; and he truly put his heart & soul into the cocktail menu. You'll find fresh, handcrafted, innovative takes on classics such as the BloodyMary, Mojito, Caiprinhia, & Sangria- and although they take a bit longer to prepare; you'll understand why when they arrive. The area has been in need of a reasonably priced craft cocktail joint for sometime, and this fits the bill.  
Brew-wise:
Although their selection isn't exactly eclectic, you get quality draft choices in Firestone IPA, BlackButtePorter, Hoegaarden, & Stella. Not the best craft beer selection by any means, but much, much better than most standard restaurant draft systems. It is more of a cocktail joint, though, so props for having something for the beer geeks.

Grub-wise: I've had the New York Strip, The Tri-Tip AusJus, the Bacon-Cheddar Burger, & several other items without disappointment. I know beverages better than culinary though, so you be the judge!

Pricing/Value:
Entrees come with two sides, which like another Yelper mentioned, is much nicer than getting dinged with the a'la'carte pricing you see at most nicer places. Speaking of pricing: Very fair- for a somewhat affluent joint in a high-rent area, you get good value for your buck in my opinion.   

Service:
They're running a tight-ship over there and I've had several great encounters with staff ranging from the hostess and barkeeps/servers through the FOH management, Chefs & Sous Chefs. It appears they've trimmed the fat from the training period and settled on a good crew. 

I look forward to continually supporting a local mom&pop, non-chain operation in an area surrounded by the likes of Cheesecake, GBiersch, & Kona. You should too!
Came in for a second time.  First time I had a fabulous fillet Mignon.  I had a taste of my mate's creamed corn.  I would have never cooked it or eaten it but this was the bomb!  I believe they said it was cut off the cob, a hint of spice-jalapeno? Yum!!  This time I went with my young adult boys.  I wanted a great burger and did I get one.  Very large, 1/2 lb I think.  Cooked perfectly to medium, like I like it, with Swiss and fresh grilled mushrooms.  A great soft bun and steak fries!  Yeah!!  I ate only half of it as I saved room for the cheesecake.  Carnegie I believe-flown in from New York, berries and whipped cream.  I met up with a doctor coworker who said this was his 3rd time here and plans to make it one of his regular places to eat.  Staff was great.  Hostess, server and busser were all attentive.  The owner stopped by to say hello too.  Great sound system was playing classic rock last night and I could still talk to my boys.  I might have to head back for Monday night football and try one of those special drinks others are writing about.  I like this place, feels real comfortable.
Worst meal I've had in a long time.

Music was lame and loud.
Host was not pleasant.  
Place was empty.  bread was stale.  
Salad was cheap-banquet bad.  
Steak was burnt on the outside and raw on the inside.  
Seabass was way overcooked (hard to do with such a fatty fish).
Weird menu.  Seabass with a few black beans and a couple kernels of corn sprinkled on top?  No, thanks.
The corn on the cob was ice cold.
Blecch.
Embers will be the next big hit in Boca Park. When you go there, you have to get the creamed corn. I know0how can you rave about corn? It is so fresh, and clean-you'll be talking about it tomorrow for sure. The wine list is ok, the prices are right. In fact, the entire menu is priced right. It won't break your bank to have a high quality experience. That's pretty rare today
As I sit here and write this review, I have just had one of the best happy hour drink / meal combos in Boca Park in a while...
The portion sizes of regular as well as happy hour items are large and just right. The taste, presentation and sides are just rout as well.
This all coming from a restaurant manager of 10+ years...
Good job Embers... Bartender Manos was knowledgeable, fast and makes an awesome Mojito.. P.S. my girl and I are Kona regulars and we both agreed that this place Hits The Spot....
Ridiculously tasty all the way around.. i feel for the bartenders because some of the signature cocktails look pretty painstaking, especially the mojitos, which they took the plunge and put on happy hour. Did the ginger one, epic, original flavor. 
I normally am not fond of eggplant, but the eggplant mozzarella melt is similar to a caprese on a crostini, hardly any of the funky eggplant taste. Artichoke crab dip is pretty much the same anywhere i go. But where they took home the gold for me was the cajun chicken sandwich w the side salad. Chicken was beyond tender, and incredibly juicy throughout.
Signin up for this allegedly ridonkulous creamed corn next round.. so full.
Ohhhh, I'm excited about this place.  It has 5-star potential, but not quite there for me yet.

First of all, can I get a, "Hallelujah!" for a place that serves up a nice classic cocktail on the Westside!!  As much as I love going downtown and to the Strip to get my fancy drink on, sometimes I wish those places were closer to home.  Embers has a top notch drink menu and is a hop, skip, and jump away from my house!  Excited!

Second, I like the people who work here.  Howard the bartender is super eager to please and tell you about his drinks.  The owner (Tony I think was his name?) was really friendly and talkative as we sat at the bar.  Our waitress was super cute and made me laugh.  Excited!!

Third, the menu is heavy on tri tip, which my Santa Maria born husband was stoked about.  He loves him some tri tip.  Excited!!!

The thing holding me back...the quality of the food.  I've had the BBQ tri tip sandwich and fries, French Onion soup, cobb salad, and chicken tenders here so far.  Everything has so much potential, but falls just short and is underwhelming.  I don't know what it is, but the food needs a little kick in the pants.

Definitely going to become one of my haunts, though, for drinking and hanging out with cool bartenders.
The place for innovative and exceptional cocktails!  

The food is solid.  Enjoyed the Shrimp, Sliders, and Steaks.  The bar menu is wonderfully insane however!  Great beer on tap, wine list with the classics plus several out-of-the-ordinary gems.  The true star though is the cocktail menu!  You won't be disappointed here!
i was enjoying my date and the food and felt as though i had just found a great little hidaway place to bring others and then at the end of the meal a roach skeetered out across the table. pointed it out to the manager and he was able to collect it,but now i can never go back.payed the $50 tab and did give the waitress the deserved 20% and left
3.5 stars

I've been wanting to try this place since it opened, and since the bar at GB was full on Saturday night, we decided to give it a try.  The atmosphere is great. It is very upscale and swanky (minus the annoying video poker - which I understand is inevitable in Vegas.) 

The only reason I'm not giving this place a higher rating is because it was surprisingly expensive (mainly for wine) $9 for a glass of house cab is a little extreme. (Especially when they have a 1/2 carafe next door at Grimaldi's for $9.) Don't get me wrong, I know wine fairly well and am willing to pay a relatively high price for good wine. However, sometimes I just want some decent, reasonably priced wine on a Saturday night! My boyfriend's 12 oz beer was $5.50 which is slightly more reasonable. We got the chicken tenders as an appetizer and they were quite tasty. 

Overall I really liked this place, but  I wish the drinks were a little more affordable. $50+ for 4 drinks and an app is rather steep. We will be back, but only for happy hour (which is strangely only Mon-Thurs.)
I've only had this place for lunch.. and my experience was pretty great overall. I like that the walls open up to create pseudo-indoor patio dining, and the menu was reasonably priced for lunch. 

My tri-tip steak salad was tasty and had LOTS of tri-tip. That being said, the tri-tip itself was dry. The brie and avocado appetizer was weird, but tasty. Service was kind of slow, and the hostess was downright rude. 

I'd try them again, but for now I can't give more than 3 stars...
I tried Embers for Happy Hour with two friends.    I'd go back but my experience this night was average for one reason: No spicy mustard.  How can any place do burgers (and Embers has many on menu) with only yellow mustard?  I was scandalized and disappointed.    No dijon? No deli mustard? Not even honey mustard?  I did love our server and enjoyed the sides. My burger was good-  reasonably priced. My tablemates loved their wine and meals.  But the mustard thing was a downer for me.    I hear they have a great weeknight happy hour and dinner is great. I'll go back - but I'd bring my own mustard.
Awesome service, nice atmosphere with great music, good NY Strip steak at great value with the fact two sides are included in the price, about half the price of other steak houses!  Great wine, cocktail and beer list!

Wayne Gorsek
Good food, service kinda sucked. Starting with the bad stuff. Our waitress was decent but wasn't fantastic. Usually I would not care but... Okay so it was my bfs birthday and since there wasn't a way I could secretly tell our waitress, I wrote it on our ticket when she gave us the check. She then comes  over and asks "how old are you turning" and then just said happy birthday. The reason why I found this really bizarre was because most places gives you free dessert or have the staff come sing happy birthday , even like apple bees or olive garden does. So considering that this place is suppose to be a nicer restaurant,  that was really disappointing, even my Bf was surprised. On any other day it would be fine but since it was a special occasion I think they could've acknowledged it a bit more.

Onto the . He had the 18oz tbone steak which was really good and juicy. He liked it a lot. I had the teriyaki salmon which was pretty good too.I probably would've liked it better if there was a side of the sauce to dip the salmon into. We both had Mac n cheese as a side. I did like it but it was pretty cheesy and I'm not that crazy about a lot of cheese. I also had mashed potatoes and it was good but different
I was looking forward to eating here, since i live nearby, but i was greatly disappointed. First off the service was mediocre, seems like we were not important enough to wait on. The soup was sooo salty it tasted like it came out of a can. They did get the steak right but i didn't appreciate the thyme garnish on top. Our mash potatoes needed salt, and they should state on the menu that it has rosemary in it.
If that wasn't bad enough, i ordered sauteed asparagus, for $7 only got 6 small pcs and they were raw. We thought maybe dessert would make us feel better, but they don't have a menu. The server had to verbally tell us, and she did not make sound appetizing. All in all
It was the worst $85 i spent, save your money and go to outback steakhouse instead.
We've been here three times. I had sliders twice and a steak once. The slider are ok but nothing to write home about. The big disappointment was the steak. It was cooked fine an the quality of meat was ok, but the cooking method could use work. Traditionally, a steak is seared on both aides to give it a crust and then finished to desired temperature in the oven. It tasted like this one was done in the oven the entire time so it ha no crisp crust. Just a warm mush.

The drink menu is very large and creative. However, they're very inconsistent with how drinks are made. Ive had the same drink all three times and it changes significantly each time.

This place is also a little pricey if you order anything but finger foods. A steak. 

Overall, with more consistency and quality control this could be a really good place. As it stands now, we'd rather eat at another close by restaurant with a wait than be seated at this place immediately.
I got the sliders again tonight and something I forgot to add in my last review is that size wise they are very small. Plus, you only get two and they come with
Chips instead of fries. Overall, they're good for a bar snack but not a meal. My fiancé had the cajun chicken sandwich and it is much larger size wise and also comes with fries. She said it was good.

Service this time was terrible. We were seated quickly but our server decided focusing on her older clients would be a better use of her time. We had to ask for things multiple times and by the time they finally got here they weren't needed. For example, we ordered waters with our drinks and she didn't actually bring them until we asked again. Also, we asked for a side of sauce once the food arrived and we finished eating by the time it got there.

One other note, the bartender who didn't make my finances drink felt the need to sample it. She didn't drink from the glass but used a straw with her finger over one end to try it. She did this close enough and in plain site for us to hear her say, "wow that's good."
First, the with positives.  Service was fine.  Server was pleasant, attentive and offered to resolve the issues associated with the food.  Creamed Corn was good with fresh corn and good blend of peppers and spice.  It was a tad cornstarchy though.  Place was pretty full for reasons I will never understand.

Then, came the food.  I root for restaurants.  I really do.  Especially when someone opens a new restaurant close to my house, I especially want it to be good.  When we heard that Chef Bret from Becker's was behind the stoves, we were especially optimistic having been to Becker's dozens of times as a Westside alternative to DelFrisco's, N9ne, Ruth's Chris, or Prime.  So we tried Embers a couple weeks after they opened and ordered a myriad of menu selections only to have various combinations of Sysco lettuce and vegetables show up with stale bread and temperatures all over the board.  

We chalked it up to opening jitters.  Tonight, we elected to go back because we heard that they had revamped the menu and the food.  Oh my god.  We ordered the Eggplant and fresh mozzerella melt ($8.00)  for an appetizer.  It arrived promptly and was a crusty dry tasteless piece of toast with an ultra-thin tasteless sliver of what appeared to be eggplant under a half-dollar piece of lukewarm cheap mozzerella.  It was served on a bed of Sysco generic mixed greens with generic diced tomatoes.  It was drizzled with a balsamic vinegar reduction which was barely noticable but it was the highlight of the awful awful tasteless dish.

The Mrs. ordered the chicken cobb salad ($12.00) and I ordered the 12 oz., New York. ($32.00)    The chicken cobb was a serving plate of iceberg lettuce that looked like they just dumped a bag of iceberg lettuce from Von's onto a plate complete with some of the core.  The chicken on it was moist but it was unable to save the salad.

Then came the 12 oz. New York.  I have eaten probably 50 steaks at restaurants in the past year, some of which at restaurants I would never bring a date.  Some of them at bars and truck-stoppy places where you have no business ordering a steak.    This was the worst steak I have had in several years.  It was ordered medium rare.  It came as a grey slab of meat with a couple of criss-cross marks in it which looked like they were colored on it.  

I gave it a try to see perhaps if the taste was better than the microwave looking grey slab of putrid looking garbage that was staring at me from the plate.  It was as gross as it looked.  I thought it had to be a mistake, because I could not imagine that Applebee's or Chili's or Outback puts out anything quite as awful as this mess.

I asked the server whether all the steaks look like this, and whether they are cooked like this.  She replied that she would be happy to take it to the back and char it more for me.  I passed as that would just mean that they would cook it way past medium rare as I ordered it and they would end up giving me a medium well steak which would be as bad as the thing on the plate.  I tried to stomach a couple of bites, and the steak, rather than a meaty salty piece of steak, tasted like lemon.  I don't get it.

Then some sort of manager type guy came up and stated that the steak was cooked over redwood in a broiler of something.  He further stated that told the chef that they were, from now on, going to char their steaks more.  Thanks.  That made me feel a lot better that I, after 9 months of being open, told them that they were cooking steaks that looked like they were microwaved.  

They charged me for everything even though we only ate 1/2 of the eggplant garbage and half the "steak".  I'm not looking for a free dinner.  

In fact, if I was given a $1000.00 gift certificate to Embers, I would sell it for $200.00 and take the cash to any other restaurant in Boca Park area including, Flemming's, Roy's, Cheesecake Factory, Kona Grill, Applebees, Three Angry Wives, or Roberto's at Fabulous Freddy's Car Wash across the street.
Hubby took me here last night as a late V-day gift...The atmosphere was really nice. Very romantic. Our waitress was outstanding! The food was also good. I had the bbq steak, baked potato & green beans w/ a Sagria on the side. Kinda pricy and I flt like I could have the smae meal at BJs for less but I'm a fan. Would definetly go back (around a payday)!!!
Very friendly staff and good atmosphere. Food was prepared well and the specialty drink menu was a nice change of pace.
Great location in Boca Park, I made a reservation by phone and received a nice welcome from super friendly server. 

We are seated in the back in one of the booths, so far so good. Stella Artois on draft, it's getting better and better!

Menu: do you like barbecue? You'll love this place. One problem. We don't. If you don't want meat marinated in barbecue sauce and then served with barbecue sauce you have little choice. Burgers, a couple of fish dishes or a small selection of steaks.

I took a New York Strip, 16oz very tender but blah...plain. It was ok but dull. Sides were good, sweet potato mash & mushrooms.

Not much for kids, we ended up ordering sides of steak fries and mac'n'cheese. Ok but ended up buying 4 sides at about $8 each. Too much for kids junk food. 

Lovely place, great service but for me , the menu is too limited.
I've eaten here a few times, trying the Tri Tip which was delicious, but my most recent visit they had changed Chef's. A few new items on the menu, started off with Fried Artichoke Hearts which were delicious, then on to the Miso salmon which was delightful, and cooked to perfection. My friend raved about his mushroom risotto.
The staff is very friendly, have treated us well, and have some delicious beers on tap. I would highly recommend this place, but I don't want it to get too crowded so I can always find a seat at the bar!!
Embers has always been a favorite stop of mine, not only for the great selection of wines, dishes and desserts, but now that they have added a new, young and extremely talented and innovative chef, the restaurant has kicked it up a few notches!  From fantastic and unique appetizers to mouth watering fish, chicken and beef entrees to the delectible desserts, Embers has it all!  The ambiance and the wait staff complete the excellent experiences I have each and every time I visit. 

 Anyone looking for a "strip" restaurant experience without the prices, or dealing with the strip itself, this is the spot to be at!  You will be delighted with the atmosphere, the service, and the value for the price that you receive at Embers.
My bf and I go here every so often.  The first time we tried it, we said we were coming back! The tri tip sliders are awesome!!! We just went today and we happen to get there during happy hour. Happy hour menu is great! $3 beers.  $6 select menu items- maybe select but a good selection! The ppl there are very nice.
I asked for a BIG hunk of meat and that's most certainly what I got!!  Wow - Biggest Rib-eye steak EVER!  Like seriously, HUGE!  Embers is in a great location in Boca Park and I would describe it as a great "go-to" place for a night out.  No frills, no muss, no fuss.  Nice place to come hang out with friends, perhaps get a drink after work, or a date night out!   

The menu has a little bit of everything - pasta, beef, chicken, fish...  And not sure if we got special treatment since we knew the Embers folks or not, but the Chef sent out a complimentary appetizer sampler - fried risotto balls and a crostini.  It was so good!  My favorite appetizer we ordered was the bacon wrapped figs!   

The restaurant is in Boca Park.... parking is plentiful and easy!
Way too much money for low quality pieces of meat. Under-seasoned and boring.

Cooked perfectly, sides were fine, good variety on the menu, but for a place with "Grill" in the name the quality of the meat is seriously lacking.

Meat is also corn-fed, not grass-fed.
My husband and I went here for the first time recently because our friend Aaron just got the job as executive chef. I can't comment on how the food was before hand but let me tell you, the food was fantastic. My husband had the scallops and I had the salmon. Both were superb.

The only complaint I would have is our drinks took forever! The bartender was chatting it up with someone and didn't pay attention that our drink order was waiting. That was a bit irritating because while you are waiting on food a nice cocktail always kills time. All in all it was good. The waiter was super nice and attentive. Will definitely return.
My wife and i went there tonight for the first time. We were tired of nearby kona grill, gordon beirsch etc. we ordered off the small plates  happy hour menu. Ordered 5 items. All 5 were outstanding! We had the skewered chicken,  seasoned fries,  breaded artichokes, bacon wrapped figs and sliders.  All priced right. The service was excellent and our table was outside near the fountain. Will definitely return.
Embers in Boca Park
(Revision, June 2012)

After two more happy hours and a nice dinner there with different groups of friends, I'd like to add to my previous review:

1. Glad to see that its happy hours are now 4-7 (instead of 5-7); 10-closing; and the patio is opened up for seating earlier now, too!
- This patio by the beautiful fountain is the most attractive setting for happy hour and dinner! We love it!

- 5 STARS  for HH.

2. Its dinner menu offers quite large selections. The one time we had dinner, we had grilled seabass; grilled salmon; seared scallops (special that evening); all delicious!   The price is comparable to that of Roy's.The serving staff was all friendly and efficient. We really enjoyed ourselves there.
- 4 STARS  for dinner.

Peterskis, June 2012
--/-/-/--

PREVIOUS REVIEW

Ember Bar and Grill, Boca Park

It is another great sports Bar for Happy Hour with great valued drinks and barfood in a comfortable ambience!
- It has a very inviting patio seating area right next to the beautiful water fountain; a spacious, comfortable bar counter; good selections of tasty goodies on the happy hour menu, not to mention its friendly, attractive, attentive serving staff and barkeep! The bar counter space is so wide/deep, it's comfortable to eat dinner there!

I went there three times with different friends for Happy Hours, and we all enjoyed ourselves there every time. We love their delicious garlic hummas with pita ($5), sliders (tritip or BBQ; $6 each; 2 per order), Chicken Skewers ($6, 2/order). They have expanded their small plate menu for HH as well. Their relatively mellow, dark beer from Oregon ($3) is my favorite among other selections. Wine is $4 per glass, not bad! Yes, Ember has now become another local favorit of mine for Happy Hours!
- Watch out, Gordon Biersch and Kona Grill!

Peterskis
This is a nice alternative to Kona for Happy Hour.  The menu is not too extensive but what they do offer is delicious.  They have recently expanded the patio and they offer Happy Hour on Fridays now, which wasn't always the case, and all days on Sundays! My faves are the bacon wrapped dates, sliders, hummus and the red sangria.
Classic Cocktails! 

Howard is the bar manager and tends the bar 4 or 5 nights a week.  In my humble opinion he is the best that Vegas has to offer.  All of the unique creations and variations on classics at Embers are well balanced and leave me wanting more.  

For the novice, check out the Aviation, Dirty Girl, or Dark and Stormy...or any other number of concoctions based on a spirit you know you take pleasure in.

If you enjoy Bourbon, Scotch, Whiskey or Gin however, there is no shortage of pleasantries for you to find here.   I love Embers' Not So Rusty Nail, Blood & Sand, Sonny, and Lion's Tail.  Additionally when Howard is there his Old Fashioned and Honey Side Car are both absurdly good.
Friendly service and great food.
Don't let the decor of the casino fool you because I was skeptical myself. The food is top notch and is on par with the other big name restaurants of more luxurious casinos (without the pricing of a celebrity chef's kitchen).  The food our party received was both portioned and presented well. The only complaint we had about the food was that we wanted more sauce for some of the dishes. Another complaint about the food was there wasn't enough room for more dessert. 

The atmosphere of the restaurant itself was pleasant. We really enjoyed the music which was golden oldies. Service was also excellent and not overbearing. The styling was dated but was far better than the casino itself. Again, don't let this turn you away from such a hidden gem.
Sunday.  10pm.  Just flew in from San Diego, and was starving and wanted a quick happy hour deal.  Decided I'd head to Brio.

Brio's kitchen was closed.  Was recommended to check out Petra or Bottles & Burgers.

Petra and Bottle's & Burgers were closed.

Drove across the street to Kona.  It was closed.

Walked to Gordon Biersch (now I'm slumming it).  It was closed.

Gave Ember's a shot, and amazingly they were open even though they weren't supposed to be (fantasy draft?). 

Looked over the happy hour menu, and the Crispy Beef Tacos and Goat Cheese Crostinis sounded good.  Asked the bartender if he had any recommendations from the menu, and he named exactly those two.  WIN!

Got a Hoegarden comped for playing some video poker.  Ended up winning $5, so thank you for paying me to drink.

Both apps were out ridiculously fast and were ridiculously delicious.  A tad overpriced at $7 and $6 for happy hour prices, but definitely flavorful enough to write it off.

If this place was open late, I would probably start making this my local bar.  Unfortunately, they close at old people hours.  Going to have to come back and do dinner here, the 2 apps were that good.
Embers has really hit its stride!  I was a big fan from the beginning because the drinks are 2nd-to-none and I did enough homework to order great food.  They have had a new chef for a few months now and their menu has truly caught up to the cocktails at this point!

The Drinks:  This is my favorite spot in town for balanced drinks and classic cocktails!  My personal favorites are Howard's Old Fashioned, Not So Rusty Nail, Lion's Tail, The Sunny, Honey Side Car, Aviation, and Blood and Sand.  You can get all the normal cocktails that you find anywhere, but I strongly encourage expanding your horizon's while at Embers.  I will often bring people in that just tell Howard what they normally drink and ask him to make them something new...they are repeatedly pleased!  Embers has a great selection of Craft Beers, and does wonderful with the limited amount of taps...you can tell that a beer snob set the draft list, not a restaurateur.  Their wine selection is solid as well, with several boutique bottles that you won't find every place else you go.

Happy Hour: Everyday from 4 - 7 and from 10 - close
Several drinks are on Happy Hour, plus bunch of great appetizers.  I really like the crispy steak tacos, and the humus.  The tri-tip sliders are great...but then so are the regular sliders.  Happy Hour is in the bar AND on their delightful patio!

The Food:  My favorites include the Sea Bass, the Roasted Chicken, and the Heirloom Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella salad.  I don't love the fact that the name says: Steaks, Ribs, & Spirits.  The spirits I think are great, but the steaks and ribs are just good.  I know people that like them...and come here for them, but I would not come here specifically for those two items.  I would however absolutely order one if that is what I was in the mood for because the drinks are so good that I'd be here anyway :)

The Service:  The staff here is great!  Always friendly.  They tend to get a little busy when a big game brings in additional clientele, but this has never been much of a problem to me.

Brand New:  They just started serving brunch on the weekends at 10am.  

BRUNCH!!!  Embers new Brunch Menu is so good!  They literally have my favorite hollandaise sauce for Eggs Benedict that I have ever had...and Eggs Benedict is my go-to breakfast and brunch item.  The classic Eggs Benedict is great, but if you like smoked salmon their Smoked Salmon Benedict is insanely good...a hint of capers comes through with a lite truffle oil that plays so nice with the smoked flavors...I love it when food plays nice together.

Come here with friends so that you can try multiple Brunch Items...other savory dishes that I liked include the Fried Chicken and Biscuits Sliders and the Chorizo and Piquillo Pepper Omelet.   I also want to try the Smoked Bacon/Ham Croissant sliders because they look great in front of the stranger next to me...I'm thinking I should have asked for a bite anyway.

I lean towards savory breakfast/brunch items.  I tried a few sweet items that were wonderful however...Blueberry Ricotta Pancakes!  I could eat these without a problem.  Additionally, the White Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast is outstanding, but I could not eat a whole serving...too sweet for this savory guy.
Embers is located in Boca Park, as we all know, this is a really nice area, but DON'T let the area deter you from trying out this fine steakhouse. The prices were reasonable with large amounts of servings per entree. The atmosphere of the place very relaxing with indoor and outdoor seating. The sevice was wonderful. Christine our server was friendly and accomadating. 

For appetitzers, my favorite was the Chilean Sea Bass Skewers. It waas served with Bok Choy, Edamame, and chili mint sauce. The sauce was to die for, and reminded me of a homecooked chinese dish my family use to make. 

Christine also suggested a Ginger Mojito, and this drink was the perfect amounts of rock candy and lime juice. Not too sweet, and not too tart. 

The Mixed Green Salad also deserves a mention. Served with goat cheese and topped with watermelon, this salad is simlpe, but refeshing and light. 

My favorite entree included the 16 oz ribeye steak. The meat was so  tender, it melted in your mouth. A knife was not necessary to cut the steak, that's how tender this thing is. The Ribeye was full of flavor and the tempurature of the steak was cooked to perfection. 

For desserts, I really enjoyed the tart tangy taste of the Grapefruit Sorbert as well as the Smores gelato that reminded me of sitting around a campfire. The smores gelato was sprinkled with graham cracker crumbs and the crunch of the crackers blew me away coupled with  a lightly drizzled chocolate syrup and toasted marshmallows on top. 

Last but not least, was the bread and butter. I normally don't like bread and butter, but I loved the Honey Herbed Butter they served here. It's whipped butter, served at room tempurature. The butter was so fluffly and the hint of sweetness complimented the bread that was served. 

Overall,  I  give this place four stars. I'm a fan of this place, and will definitely be coming back for more. I definitely recommend this place to everyone. Everyone needs to try it!
This is becoming a favorite place of mine, as they keep updating the menu items, and have added brunch on the weekends. Crispy Beef Tacos are delicious, with a hint of spice and sweetness.Sea bass skewers are cooked perfectly light, with a sauce that makes you keep dipping them even though they are perfect on their own. The White chocolate french toast was so good I almost ordered a 2nd helping even though I was full. Today I had the smoked salmon benedict and it was delicious, the hollandaise sauce is one of my favorites ever. Eventually I will try the entire menu, but so far its been one great meal after another.
The bar has great acoustics. With music and lots of people you can still carry on a normal conversation.
I had heard about Embers previously, so I was anxious to give it a try.  After reading a few of the reviews here on Yelp, I was ready to keep an open mind.

My dinner partner and I walked in to see modern decor in dark colors, punctuated by light, fanciful water-lily light fixtures over a few booths. The bar was busy and highly inviting, but we decided on a quiet booth.

We started out with a pair of crostini appetizers.  The Wild Mushroom and the Caprese.  While the Wild Mushroom Crostini was mild on flavor, the Caprese Crostini was an explosion of fresh flavors in our mouths. One bite of the heirloom tomato relished to perfection combined with the crispness of the crostini made me go "WOW!" feeling like I had committed a sin for enjoying it so much,

After the decadent appetizers, out came my Prosciutto and Fresh Pea Risotto and my partner's Miso Salmon with Edamame.  While I'm not a big fish eater, my dinner partner relayed that the salmon was cooked to perfection, as he finished off the whole plate without complaint.  My risotto was wonderful, again loaded with decadent flavors and textures - definitely something I'd order again and again.

Our server, May, was totally awesome.  She had wonderful knowledge of the menu and guided us through our first time savoring Embers.  

So, my advice, if you've got deep pockets, definitely go so you can enjoy the menu.  Not the place to go if you're on a budget.
Amazing brunch. Food was incredible. They have beer on tap and a full bar if you want to watch a game. If they offered a bottomless bloody Mary or mimosa special, the place would be packed. Price point was a bit high for a locals place, but the food was incredible and it's right in the middle of Boca Park. Where else in Vegas can you go for Hoegaarden on tap?
One of my favorite places in town. They have a very intimate and modern atmosphere, I think it's perfect for date night. There's also a nice outside eating area. Couple TVs in the bar area, never sports on when I'm there which I'm always happy about. Couple gambling machines at the bar as well. During my visits, they've always had good music playing in the background.

Some of my favorite dishes:
- Fried Artichoke Hearts ; nice presentation and comes with a delicious aioli.
- Roasted Garlic Hummus ; flavorful! wonderful texture
- Any Crostini ; light, fun items to bite on and enjoy
- B.A.L.T. Wrap ; a must for avocado lovers. the flavors really come together for this one. **update: they took this off the menu :(
Presentation on their dishes are always A+

I always come with friends and end up all sharing more tapas style items, I have yet to actually come here for a meal and order Land/Sea entrees. Those reviews to come later!

LOVE their signature drinks. The blackberry pepino is my favorite though I have to order it not too spicy as sometimes it can be too overpowering. 

Always A+ service here, very attentive. Howard has to be the best bartender I've ever came across. I think they close once it starts to really slow down which varies night to night. 

As far as price, I personally believe it reflects what you are receiving here. I can't afford to come here all the time (as I work only part time at the moment) so this is a place I get to treat myself nicely now and then. 

Explore the food and drink menu, you won't be sorry!
My husband and I ate brunch here the other week. I ordered the biscuits and fried chicken and my husband ordered the bacon burger. Mine was amazing; one of the best dishes I have had in a while. My husband really liked his burger also. We'll have to come back and try out their dinner.
I have now been to Embers twice, once for dinner and once for brunch. Dinner was more of a two star really. Food was ok, but I've definitely had better. My steak was way overpriced for what I got, and it was corn-fed, not grass-fed. 
What clinched the one star for me was the brunch. First off, the coffee was very bitter and is probably the first time I've had to add milk to restaurant coffee, I always drink coffee black. Then my fiancé and I ordered bacon-wrapped dates and crunchy beef tacos - both were ok. What really took home the grand prize for bad food was my omelet that I ordered. It was the Chorizo and Piquillo Pepper Omelet which had no seasoning/salt added to it whatsoever and the chorizo was flat tasting. They top it with chimichurri - which caused me to gag. With the omelet that was provided to me, this sauce couldn't have gone any worse with it. I will not return to this place again.
After too many happy hours to count I finally had dinner here.  I don't know why I waited so long!  My boyfriend and I started with the filet and mushroom skewers and bacon wrapped dates -- love these!  They are as good if not better then Firefly's.  For dinner we split the grilled rib-eye, and unlike most steakhouses it comes with sides included.  More then enough for two people and cooked perfectly.  At $36 for the 16 ounce rib-eye I thought that was a very fair price.  I am also a huge fan of their drink menu.  I usually stick to the red sangria but this night I had the Dirty Girl martini, pear based, and the Cacao Confusion, one of the best chocolate martinis I've ever had.  

What I also love about Embers is the atmosphere.  You sit in the front or the bar and it's a happy hour vibe but sit in a booth toward the back and it's perfect for a romantic date night.
Steak....where's the steak??

The family and I were in town for a few days and were weary of the glitz/cheesiness of the the Vegas Casino-Resort fare and were tapping away at our iphone Yelp app for help. 

Up comes Embers and it met all the "filtered" search criteria. 

Located within an upper crust shopping center in the affluent Westside of Vegas (lots of European Luxury cars/SUVs in the parking lot), we decided not to venture into the frequently crowded Cheesecake Factory (we already have that back home) and take a crack at Embers. 

The interior is dark, chic modern, the servers and staff wear black (the opposite of Cheesecake Factory), seating is cozy...yet, abundant and there's a happening bar with a large HDTV playing the football game. There's a nice vibe about this joint with smooth R&B playing in the background, made my head nod. :) The place was about 1/2 full with lots of lively folks of all walks, hanging mostly at the bar. Lots of couples having intimate dinners together, snuggled and feeding each other (awww). 

The menu is fine tuned, condensed with popular offerings they do well. 

The grub was well presented, tasty and satisfying. We got the Asian Poke appetizers (so good, we ordered another) the kids got gourmet 10oz bacon burgers (huge), wifey got the salmon and I got the salad/steak combo. Service was quick, friendly and efficient with no issues. 

All in all, we had a great experience here. We will keep this place in mind for a return visit when we're in town again. A fine alternative to the crowded Cheesecake Factory nearby. 

Too bad they don't have calamari appetizers. :(
Decor: super modern, clean, un pretentious. 

Fried artichoke hearts were a pleasant surprise. Not dripping in grease. Very simple taste, but once you bite into it, it was very savory. Lemon aoli added the perfect zing. Even the bed of greens were quite unexpected. 

The mac was slightly disappointing, as I thought there would be huge chunks of pork belly as I've seen at other establishments. The mac was also far too saucy as opposed to creamy. 

Tri tip sliders absolutely killed it. Just the right amount of bbq and tons of meat in between 2 cute little buns. 

Margarita was decent. Boulavardier was strong and bold... Just how I like it. Can't wait to try their lion's head as it also has bourbon. 

Bread pudding was eh. Pretty simple but the walnuts added a nice texture and spin, as did the tahitian vanilla ice cream. 

Loved morgan, our server. Very nice. Was able to articulately answer our questions and offered her honest opinion. 

Truly enjoyed our happy hour experience.
We went to Embers on a suggestion from a Las Vegas local. It is a small place so it can get a little loud. 

We ordered the chateaubriand for two and the other couple ordered the filet and a prime rib. All of which were cooked to perfection. The sides were only 3 dollars each so we tried every one of them. They do not disappoint. The deserts were outstanding as well.

Great food and service at an affordable price in Vegas, Ya baby!!
This one was found due to someone at Total Wine giving it the thumbs up and the Yelp Help reviews. So proximity and reviews landed me here.

I love the space. We went when it was nearly empty, before the swanky crowd arrived. The layouts are perfect for such a small space. The muted colors and semi-private seating worked very well here. I'm calling out the designer for the great work. Tasteful artwork, television not centrally located, good use of the long space, and the mirrors gave it a much larger feel. Bravo. 

I was feeling at ease in the space, and that always adds to the dining experience. 

They serve excellent small plates. All were well seasoned, very flavorful, and perfectly balanced. Much more artful from a culinary perspective than I anticipated. I like the option of sampling across the menu this way. Kudos on the crostini's, hummus, and endame salad served with Chilean Sea Bass. Nice subtle flavors, great textures, and visually perfect plating.

They also offer a nice selection of beers to choose from. And when next we go, some seared meat will be on the list as well. 

The only real downside was that it got disproportionately noisier as the space got filled with hipster patrons. As well as the staff appearing overwhelmed as the crowd filed in. Oh wait, the nervous fake laughter of our server was annoying after the second, let alone seventh time. But being a relatively new establishment, I can see where they need to work out the bugs and smooth operations out. 

All in all, I find this place the best of the bunch for this center. A nice compliment to stocking up at Total Wine and developing a hunger while doing so. And not as showey-fakey as the other outdoor venues. Go early and grab good seats and spare our self the excessive, bubbly "look, I'm here" noise these places attract.

Looking forward to eating through their menu.
A very nice relaxing  place to have dinner. Great service the waitress very attentive always making sure our drinks were full. I ordered the Classic 10oz Burger well done . I tried to finish it but failed. At least I had lunch to bring to work the next day. The cost is only about 25 dollars per person. We even had 20% off coupon. This is a place I will visit again.
Stick to the brunch/breakfast stuff and you won't go wrong.
Always wondered what this place was about and came across a Groupon for weekend brunch, so I finally decided to check it out. I called around 1:30 on a Sunday afternoon to see what time brunch ended and was told that they weren't accepting anymore walk-ins or reservations for the day even though brunch ended at 3....boo. Tried again a little earlier on the next Saturday and successfully set a reservation for 2pm. Got there a few minutes after, and to my surprise, the place was nearly empty considering the full list the weekend before. Our server was nice & cheerful. I ordered the bacon croissant sliders & my hunny ordered the green & white omelet, both of which came with breakfast potatoes. The food took a pretty long while to come out for the place to be so un-busy, but it was all delicious. Music selection was a cool eclectic mix...maybe a good Pandora channel? All-in-all great brunch in a modern chill spot without all the hustle & bustle. May try the patio next time.
Armed with a Groupon for Sunday brunch, my son and I ventured over to Boca Park in our 'hood for some food after church.  I've passed this place many a time, but always thought it was a steakhouse or something.  It's actually got a very laid-back vibe going on, with breakfast, burgers, small plates, and sandwiches on the brunch menu, which is served until 3pm on the weekends.  Reservations were suggested on the Groupon, so I called that morning and made some for us, but it wasn't busy when we arrived at 11:30am.  Instead of the eggs, hash browns, and toast or veggie omelet that I would normally have at a breakfast joint, I wanted to try something different.  Consulting our waitress on which she would recommend, the White Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast or the Blueberry Ricotta Pancakes, she said the former were her favorite.  I was not disappointed.  I don't have French toast very often at all, so I was happy that these were tasty, not soggy, overdone, or too sweet, even with a bit of syrup.  The granola was a nice touch, adding a crunch.  
     The non-breakfast and dinner menu items look tempting and the prices are not outlandish.  I will definitely be back and recommend it if you're looking for a new place to try in this part of the valley
My first experience was great. We went for brunch. We were able to sit outside by the fountain and enjoy the sun. One of the major problems there was is the service. The food was delicious. I will be back to try lunch, dinner and happy hour. The only complaint that I have is the service. The girls that were our servers were fantastic, but the food took forever to come out. We arrived when they opened at 10 and didn't get our food until almost 11 (1045ish). We ordered within 10 minutes of arriving, so I'm not sure what took so long. 

Bottom line is the food was pretty good. Atmosphere was great (especially sitting outside in the sun in February). Fastness of food not great.
We came here  for dinner to celebrate my brother's new job. The ambiance is relaxing and dimly lit. We were seated right away to a comfy booth where the waitress quickly took our drink order. 

 My husband wanted to order an appetizer we could all share so we ordered  the Crispy Beef Tacos ($9.00) . It came with 3 tacos that looked good but I wasn't sure if I wanted mine . It's just that we eat Mexican food often so I was like , "I'm just going to take a bite of one ". I ended up eating all of mine because it was delicious! 

I had a hard time choosing what I wanted for my main entree. My husband and brother can go to the fanciest place and still order a burger. I don't get it but that leaves more money for my dinner options lol. They both of course ordered a burger while I was scanning the menu. The appetizers looked really good and the main entrees I had difficulty with. It's because the sides are pre chosen with your the meal . There was a particular one I was interested in  but the side was sweet potatoes. I'm not too fond of sweet potatoes so I kept searching. I decided on the 16 oz Rib eye ($36.00) we were at a steak house so I thought, "Why not"!?" The steak was nicely done I loved how juicy it was. It came with smoked Cheddar Polenta Fries , roasted broccoli that was served with a side of Poblano Demi Cream sauce. The fries were fried to a golden brown and they tasted okay. My brother liked them better than I did so I let him have them. The broccoli was still crisp which is a plus for me because I hate soggy veggies. 

My husband and I shared a Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee ($8.00) which was yummy. I particularly like the top the best. 

The prices were very reasonable especially because we also had the 20% off coupon. The food is definitely worth coming back for .  The service was also terrific ! My only wish is they would have sides that you can choose for your entree so it makes ordering easier.
We've been here twice now. Both times the food was great. Both times the service was horrible. The first time we thought it was the food taking forever. This last time we had terrible service again, but the food came out fast. The girl kept making excuses that they were super busy.  There were three tables. There were multiple servers, so there shouldn't have been a problem. My water glass was empty almost the whole time. I asked for an additional water after my water had been taken over by my baby. It took her about 10 minutes to get a new water. I was highly disappointed in the service, but again enjoyed the food. 

I'll go back for the food, but probably be disappointed in the service again.
Great ambience - they have a warm, modern decor. I liked 2 of the 3 appetizers we ordered. The fig and goat cheese crostinis were good and the sliders were awesome! The rock shrimp misto was just ok (wouldn't order it again). It came with a sauce similar to soy sauce or ponzu, but would've been 10 times better with a garlic aioli. 

I had the warm spinach salad for my entree, which was also good. My husband had the ribeye, which he enjoyed. I stole a couple of the polenta fries that came with his steak and they were yummy! Not greasy and the batter was just right.

Our service was great. We were there at 8pm on Thursday and the restaurant was about 50-60% full.

All in all, I would come back again.
Enjoyed the signature cocktails and the appetizers where very good. The Risotto was ok but the Scallops was very good.
It's Spring!  And nothing says Spring in Vegas like al fresco dining!  

Ember's has a terrific, cozy outdoor patio with a trickling fountain next to which you can enjoy their terrific cocktails and small plates. I highly recommend their Moscow Mule for all of you vodka aficionados out there - Vodka, lime and Fever Tree Ginger Beer which made for bright, tart flavors - perfect libation for warmer weather!   

We eschew red meat - and Embers has a nice set of appetizers for the less carnivorous.  Deep fried artichoke hearts were really well done crispy on the exterior while remaining soft and luscious on the inside.  Their Ahi tuna on mini-rice cakes with masago and micro greens is very well done as well!  We sampled their Caprese Salad which was nice - but easily, for me anyway, one of my favorite dishes we tried was the Seared Diver Scallop with Roasted Cauliflower, Cauliflower Puree and Wilted Frisee.  The scallop was perfectly seared on the outside and wonderfully nearly-rare.  The roasted cauliflower added additional textural interest and was a creative touch. 

Service was very swift and attentive throughout, even with the restaurant packed with people. Music choices were amusing (and surprising) to us old rock and rollers - we heard "No Fun" by the Stooges, "Sweet Jane" by the Velvets and "Sha-La-La-La-Lee" by The Small Faces while we were there!

Definitely a new spot for us that is close to home.  Glad to have met ya Embers!
Won't be back ! Proud to say that I have probably been to every establishment in Boca Park over the last 5 years, so I figured it was about time to follow tradition and venture into Embers. Immediately upon arrival it seemed like my kind of joint, like the vibe and the decor. My friend and I decided this might be a good place to catch the UNLV game, so we took a seat at the bar. After about half a beer we struck up a very good conversation with two females seated beside us who were also lawyers, it definitely some of the best conversation I've struck up in a good while, however it would not last. It seemed as though the bartender took exception talking to these girls as evidenced by him continually jumping into our conversation with snide remarks, and was even brazen enough to ask us to give up our seats as move because he had some "players" coming in. While we came in with the intention of watching a UNLV tournament game, we were quickly relocated to seats out of view of the TV. The humorous part was that these "players" that forced us to move were an older couple, and only one of them ended up playing. Furthermore she played a measly $5 on the table game. I would have easily offered to double her earnings just to not have had to give up our seats, view of the game, and new found friendship. Really a move that soured my experience at Embers in Boca Park. Ended up walking across the street to Kona Grill where we found better service, accommodations and entertainment.
I don't know who is giving this restaurant good ratings. The whole place smelled like raw sewage, service was mediocre, the food was not good at all, even the cocktails were bad. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY GOING THERE!!
Really nice decor and outdoor patio, Embers is comfortable and a good place to go to have a drink and hang. Speaking of drinks, I had a hard time picking out one as there cocktail menu is extensive and quite interesting. Ended up with the Georgia Peach Julep (Burbon, mint, peaches and honey) and it was quite good and not too sweet. My issue was the menu selections,,, choices seemed slim and without focus... didn't know what their specialty was, so I opted for the Seared Ahi Salad, which was tasty. Nothing on the menu said try me except for their specialty drinks!
I've been here a couple times. First time was for Restaurant Week, where dinner was a bargain at $40.13 for four courses. The apps were probably the highlight of the meal. The beef in the crispy beef tacos was a great mix of a tender, juicy interior and crispy  exterior with a wonderful flavor all around. The stuffed dates are similar to what you'll find elsewhere, but the tried and true ingredients always make for a delicious dish.

The salads were more than respectable with my wife and I trying the mixed greens salad and the warm spinach salad. The risotto, one of the entrees, was rich and (almost too) creamy with plenty of mushrooms. The tri tip was a touch too sweet and tough for my tastes, but the various preparations of sweet potatoes on the plate were all winners. The bread pudding to end the meal was a hit. It's tough to go wrong with a spongey mound of warm and cold deliciousness.

If you follow Embers on Twitter you'll see different discounts throughout the week for happy hour or brunch. On my second visit we got a few apps that were a couple bucks off during happy hour. The best of the bunch were the sliders -- nicely toasted bun and beef patties that weren't too firm and plenty moist. The filet skewers were pretty good as well and the best part of that dish was the crispy polenta fries -- absolutely amazing! The crispy tuna and seabass skewers weren't bad but the quality of the seafood was less than stellar.

Still, I'm a fan of the place. It's a local spot with a nice patio, friendly staff, and several dishes that make a return visit worthwhile.
Was looking to grab a quick bite with my 8-yr old and decided to yelp restaurants that offered happy hour specials.  Embers popped up and after reading the reviews we decided to check it out.  

Embers is located in Boca Park and the atmosphere is fabulous!  The patio is huge and the decor is sleek.  We were definitely under-dressed but our visit was very impromptu.  We happened to be hungry at 5pm on a Tuesday afternoon.

However, regardless of how you're dressed, you should always greet customers with a smile.  When we walked in we were coldly greeted by a young lady.  I told her we wanted to enjoy their happy hour menu, and she looked at us like "well I'll be lucky to get $5 in tip from these chumps."  She sat us in the empty patio and also happened to double as our server!!  LOL

We ordered 5 of their happy hour dishes, which is basically $2 off their starter menu.    I also enjoyed a couple glasses of the $4 Stella drafts.  

Some of the food was really good.  Some were inedible.  Our server warmed up after we ordered...I suppose after she rung up our $100 worth of food and drinks??

Embers Sliders $7 on HH
Two really tasty little burgers with a delicious & generous serving of fries sprinkled in kosher salt and black pepper.  I would return for this.

Chilean Sea Bass Skewers $14 on HH
Really bad.  Overly marinated and over cooked.   The salad that it came with was terrible also.  This was inedible.  

Tempura Rock Shrimp Misto $10 on HH
This was delicious!  Battered and fried rock shrimp, peppers, and avocado.  My first time enjoying tempura avocado and it was AWESOME!

Spicy Ahi Tuna $13 on HH
Spicy tuna on crispy rice cakes and drizzled with ponzu sauce.  Pretty good.  I've had this at other restaurants.  Not bad.

Crispy Beef Tacos $7 on HH
This was disgusting.  The beef was battered in some teriyaki sauce and deep fried.  The beef was topped with a pickled cucumber and red onion mixture.  Gross.

Grilled Steak Salad $16 (regular menu to-go)
I ordered this to go for my wife.  It was okay.  The steak was tiny.  The steak salad at Grape Street is MUCH better.

All-in-all....great atmosphere, mediocre service, and inconsistencies with the food.  I would return for the Sliders and Shrimp Misto.
Great place for Happy Hour in Boca Park
We were at Embers last evening and my food came out not totally cooked - I never like to send food back, but I did, and they made a new entree for me and the manager/owner also came over to the table and handed me a gift card for my next visit.  Things happen, but this is why I will return to them, the food is always great as is the service. They did not have to give me anything but to me that is good business retention.
A romantically, relaxing dining experience topped off with some delicious food and yummy drinks. I love the outdoor dining option, next to a fountain that contributes to a tranquil feeling. Must try selections: Bacon Wrapped Dates, Spicy Ahi Tuna, Goat Cheese and Fig Crostinis.
After multiple visits to embers I'm forced to write this review. The food never has been an issue because no matter what you order it comes out perfect and delicious. The problem is with the wait staff. We waited an hour for our meal and an 45 minutes for the bill. the place only had two other booths filled. The real kicker is when we were totally ignored when the two other tables near us were getting proper attention. We were walked by so many times its amazing she knew we were still there. It's a shame but we won't be dining there again. It's just not worth the risk of ordering two plates and being stuck there for two hours.
Bartender---Howard is cool, cocktails r great n the spot is super-chill.  The best hummus I have ever had, and it is free with check in!
I've only been here for business meetings but the staff is always friendly, accommodating, and the red Sangria is delicious!
Love the fresh squeezed juices and the ever so fun, Howard! We only snacked on sliders, but they were tasty. I look forward to going back and grubbing! Cheers to another great spot in BOCA PARK!
Good food , atmosphere and service. But $38.43 before tip, for two omelets with breakfast potatoes, and two beverages is just too expensive. If you want toast....that's an extra charge!
Great food! All four of us cleaned our plates, only wish the portions were bigger. Will definitely recommend & go again soon.
We came here for happy hour and had hoped to get a tasty per dinner snack and a drink or two. We got the bacon wrapped figs, tri tip sliders, a glass of wine and two beers for about $30. Not bad price wise. 

The food however left a lot to be desired, mainly I wish it had been less ridiculously salty. I ended up feeling a bit sick afterwards until I had about a liter of water. 

The kicker though was that 3 times throughout our short meal someone opened the kitchen door and there was an overwhelming smell of dirty bong water. It was not a smell I want to associate with a meal. 

Mediocre food, good service, bad smells.
BEST cocktails in town. Howard  one of the mixologists is amazing!! Great food but portions are a little small  but still worth it :) Great place to go with a group a friends the music is not too loud so you don't feel like you're in a college bar or night club. All around great place.
I'll keep this one short and sweet, as there isn't a whole lot to report. I've had a handful of people I don't know suggest I check out Embers in Summerlin, and despite my skepticism I finally made my way there to check it out. Amidst an embarrassing display of the worst of the worst Summerlin floozies I could possibly see, including a girl with a Pink fleece jacket and matching Pink fleece short shorts and several other seemingly miserable pairs of women drinking wine at 11am on a Saturday, I braved this scene to try their burger. I haven't really heard much buzz about this place around town ever, so I assumed what I would be getting matched the clientele around me.

Embers is located in Boca Park; the shopping area filled with horribly overpriced and awful clothing stores, typical chain restaurants and the most amazing liquor store ever. The interior is fit out with hard woods, simple light fixtures, and a number of seating options both near and away from the bar. They also have an outdoor patio where you can watch all of the local train wrecks walk by as they're shopping in ridiculous outfits and tans. They offer both a brunch and dinner menu, with the brunch menu being a little more breakfast oriented. They also have a large drink menu with some decent cocktails. We started with the bacon wrapped dates; they were decent but it was an extremely small order for $7.

Their classic 8oz burger comes with butter lettuce, tomato, red onion, French fries and the option to add cheese for $1. While it looked somewhat decent, it tasted like dry bun and onions. The meat had ok fresh flavor when sampled on its own, but with no seasoning it didn't stand out at all. It actually reminded us of the very first burger I had at Honey Salt before they revamped and made it the spectacular burger it is now. There is really nothing good I can say about this burger; the toppings were all fresh, and the meat did seem to be of good quality, but with a dry bun and zero flavors it's kind of the opposite of what you're looking for in a good burger. 

And to match, the fries were completely generic, frozen, and had almost no flavor either. They were seasoned with some pepper, but nothing to speak of whatsoever. The burger starts at $13, add cheese and you have a $14 burger that's flavorless and not worth it. With so many more viable options surrounding it between Honey Salt, Fleming's and even The Martini, I can't recommend you go to Embers to get a burger.
Decided on Embers because it was almost 10pm and we were just too tired to drive more than 10 minutes away from home. We've been here a couple of times already. It was nice out, so we chose outdoor seating. Friendly-looking server promptly seated us and took our drink order. It wasn't a beer day for me, so I went with the Aviation (Gin, Luxardo, Lemon Juice, and Creme De Violette). A girly drink, yes, but so what - if it gets you buzzed, it serves a purpose, right? Veruka got the Stone Smoked Porter, which she said had the after taste of an ashtray.

Appetizer - can't go wrong with the Embers Sliders, served with fries. We were starving, so that hit the spot! For the main course, I ordered the Wild Mushroom Risotto. It was well prepared, and yes, the mushrooms tasted fresh! My dining partner chose the Linguine Frutti di Mare. The scallops were nice and tender, and the fish was moist and flakey. Her only complaint was that there was too much linguine. Picky, picky! For dessert, we shared the Warm Bread Pudding which had some kind of blueberry sauce. It was insanely delicious, and ranks up there with my favorite bread pudding experiences. No chocolate chips in this one, but warm, creamy, crunchy and sweet all at the same time! 

I liked the ambiance - would be a great place to take someone on a first date. It's a little pricier than most places though - $115 (including tip), for a dinner for two.
Good food for happy hour.
We ate here on a whim to try something new after a successful wine haul at Total Wine next door.  We were greeted by the bartender / manager who let us know they were currently participating in Restaurant Week ($50).  Not wanting to drop $150 for lunch / early dinner, we asked if there was a Happy Hour.  There was and it just happen to start (4pm).  We were sat outside and ordered a glass of their House Pinot (eh - nothing special) and a Tall Tenaya Creek Tandem Double IPA.  Got to support the local brewers and I was glad i did as this was a delicious IPA.  
I asked the bartender / manager what the four best items were on the App side (as we find the Apps are what make people come back from time to time) and we ordered the Grilled Filet and Mushroom Skewers, Seared Blackened Tuna, Crispy Beef Tacos (BEST) and the BBQ Tri Tip Sliders.
The Grilled Filet and Mushroom Skewers were fantastic for my 3 year old as they were very tender and cooked perfectly mid-rare, however the flavor was bland.  The BBQ Tri Tip Sliders were very filling however there was a heavy "tex-mex" taste which was hard to get over.  It wasn't a bad taste, just not what I was looking for.  I would order them with a Heff.
The Blackened Tuna needed a little bit of acid added, so once my wife splashed some Lime on them, the flavors really popped.  Overall, the best tasting item (although it photographs poorly) is the CRISPY BEEF TACOS.  I would order these EVERY time i return and i plan to.  The dish has three tacos and although it looks to be hard to eat, is extremely tender and flavorful.  THIS DISH IS A MUST TRY!
As a pleasant surprise, the waitress brought us the Bacon Wrapped Dates that she let us know the bartender / manager ordered on the house.  They were very enjoyable until we received the bill and noticed they were included.  My wife and I feel that this was an honest mistake and at $5, we didn't think we needed to bring it to the waitresses attention as we were in a rush to leave (2 children ready to go after their 20 minute threshold).
Overall, we would return and plan to as there are some specialty cocktails we would like to try on our next visit.
I went to Embers for brunch with some friends. At first the menu seemed alittle limited and each of us chose a different item. The food arrived and was beautifully presented. All three of us enjoyed our food so thoroughly we eagerly complimented the chef and grudgingly shared our dishes with each other. We did not want to lose any of it! I had the ham and fried egg croissant sliders, my friend had the ricotta lemon and blueberry pancakes which were delicious as well and my other friend had the white chocolate french toast. We will be back very soon!
Food was good. Priced on the high side.  The wine selection is good.  The service was terrible.  The average time to get a glass of wine was 20 minutes.  Server was not attentive at all. I would have to flag her down to get service.
It is a cross between a cozy dark candlelit dinner place, with an awesome bar, and if you enjoy the sun they have a very nice patio that you can sit in.  Food is great, my husband and I always tried the small plates, so we can try a little more of their food.  My favorite by far was the bacon stuffed dates.  I would just order that, and be happy, Yum-o!  The drinks were great, I had a tangy Moscow Mule, and my husband had, something with rum, and more rum.  Love this place, and we will be back for more.  The staff is very friendly, and welcoming.  Thank you.
Love the ambiance at this nice little spot. Came with some friends for a little Sunday Funday. Eugene was our bartender and was awesome! They make fresh greyhounds, by fresh I mean fresh squeezed juice to order. Sooooo good! Drinks were good and food was too.
Was my first time here for a UUYE dinner that Stephanie "Fluffy Bear" K kind of put together at the last minute. 

On this night it was a nice 76 degree evening with a slight cool breeze. Where we sat was just right inside next to the patio. The doors to the patio were wide open which was letting some of the cool breeze in. I was impressed by this set up so my first thoughts of this place was pretty good so far.

As we looked over the menu, one main thing stood out to me. THE PRICES. Since me and my wifey were going to our favorite late night happy hour restaurant later, we decided to share an appetizer, a salad, and a main course. Im glad we did because if we actually ordered our own meal, it would have pushed the bill to 100 easily.

So for the appetizer,we went with the Spicy Ahi Rolls. Price: $15. As the server brought it out, it looked pretty good. The problem I thought was that their were only FOUR pieces. Now I have been to some places where we have had ahi rolls before and I know they are kind of pricey but this was ridiculous! You would think for that price we could get a whole roll like maybe eight pieces instead of four. 

For the salad I ordered Caesar with the dressing on the side. Price: $10. For that price, I was thinking maybe they did something different to it to make it that expensive. Maybe have a guy dressed up as Julius Caesar come out with an entourage to present this magnificent salad. But, no. It was just your basic romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese, and croutons. As a side note, their cheapest salad was a spring mix, which was $8.

Lastly, for the main course, we got the Slow Roasted Tri Tip. Price: $20. Now this was actually decent. I still don't think 20 for tri tip justifies it though. Came with mashed yams and spinach. 

Overall, the food quality was below average, especially for the price. The total came out to 54 dollars and some change. That's with a 20 percent tip included. I have been to a lot of other places where you can have soup, salad, and a main course for under 20 dollars. Don't get me wrong. I am not a cheapskate, but I'll be damned if I pay that much for a meal  that I cant really rave about. 

In closing, the atmosphere and service is pretty good here, but the food is not worth the ridiculous prices they charge you. Originally I was gonna give two stars, but since I was with good company, that probably distracted my disappointment long enough to give you guys that extra star.

Speaking of good company, shout outs to my good friends Kevin L, Ollan A and his wifey Kristina, C D and his wifey Evelyn including C D jr. Last but not least, to the person responsible for this night of fun, the most loveable and huggable person you will ever meet, Stephanie "Fluffy Bear" K!
We sat in the sun next to a fountain and drank bottomless mimosas.  Awesome!  But really, the best part was the food and service.  The French toast was one of the best I've ever had and our server, May, was knowledgable, friendly, and efficient.  I would recommend this place based on my visit here!
I went here on a dinner date with my BFF. We had a few drinks. I had Proseco and she had a Georgia Peach which she didn't like but our server was kind enough to let her try a different drink. She had a ginger mojito but the BFF said the ginger flavor was too strong she had to add sweetener to it.  Our server was fantastic and patient with us. The BFF and I were busy chatting that we kept forgetting to look at the menu so our server kept checking if we were ready to order food...oops, sorry!

We tried the goat cheese and fig crostinis, bacon-wrapped dates, Embers sliders, tempura rock shrimp misto, tomato basil soup and our server's suggestion: slow-roasted tri tip. They do have food and drink specials but not on the night we went.

Goat Cheese and Fig Crostinis:
Come with fennel and micro greens. I love goat cheese since it doesn't make my stomach hurt as much as cheese from cow's milk. The crostini is crisp. The goat cheese is creamy and a bit tart balanced by the sweetness and crunchiness of the fig. 5/5

Bacon-Wrapped Dates:
Almond on the inside with blue cheese and pomegranate reduction. This is easy to make but I always get this wherever it is offered (like tapas restaurants). I just love this stuff. 5/5

Embers Sliders:
Butter lettuce, red pepper chili aioli, shallot, smoked cheddar and fries on the side. Just your plain old cheeseburger sliders. I was not in the mood to try their BBQ tri tip sliders and chose this instead. 3/5

Tempura Rock Shrimp Misto:
Battered and fried shrimps, avocado, tomatoes and pepper with ponzu for dipping. The fried avocado and shrimps were quite good. The sauce was a bit basic. 3.5/5

Slow-Roasted Tri Tip:
Comes with sweet potato puree, sauteed spinach and BBQ sauce. The meat was tender and not bad with the sweet potato. 3.5/5

Starters are anywhere from $8-16. Soups/salads from $8-16. Entrees from $14-37. Desserts $9.  Our total with food and drinks was $92.
Solid 4 star joint!

We came here during their anniversary which had 50% off your entire bill...food, drinks, everything!  Yeeeee :P  We ate pretty much EVERYTHING on the menu lol :

Bacon Wrapped Dates ($7): Toasted Almond, Blue Cheese, and Pomegranate Reduction. These are soooo good! Blows FF's version outta the water!  I will order these EVERY single time I am here :)

Grilled Chimichurri Chicken Breast Sandwich ($14): Butter Lettuce, Tomato, Red Pepper Chili Aioli, and French Fries. This was good! Cooked perfectly and I love the chimichurri sauce!  Good portion size and value.

Linguine Frutti di Mare ($29): Sea Bass, Rock Shrimp, Scallops, Salmon, and Spicy Shellfish Tomato Sauce. This was cooked perfectly and had lots of flavor in each bite. A bit spendy, but a great dish.

Grilled Filet and Mushroom Skewers ($16): Roasted Tomato & Hominy, Herb Salad, and Grilled Tomato Salsa. Tender, flavorful beef, but the portion is on the small end at the price point in my book.

BBQ Tri Tip Sliders ($9): Smoked Cheddar, House Made BBQ, and French Fries. Good portion here...very sweet bbq sauce, but the overall taste is good.

Seared Blackened Tuna ($15): Cucumber Mango Relish, Tempura Crunch, and Mango Sriracha Puree. This was tasty! Good combination of flavors.

Roasted Garlic Hummus ($8): Grilled Pita and Marinated Chickpeas. Very tasty and large portion of hummus...we asked for more pita bread so it wouldn't go to waste!  I will probably order this next time!

Tempura Rock Shrimp Misto ($12): Avocado, Red Fresno, and Ponzu. Very good! Lightly breaded, cooked well, and lots of flavor!

Grilled Chicken Skewers ($10): Roasted Pepper Couscous, Chimmichurri, and Red Pepper Chili Aioli. Very juicy, tender chicken with yummy chimmichurri and dipping sauces!

Fried Artichoke Hearts ($10): Spring Mix and Spinach Lemon Aioli. Not a big fan of artichokes, but everyone else enjoyed this dish

Goat Cheese and Fig Crostinis ($8): Roasted Fennel and Micro Greens. I don't usually enjoy goat cheese, but everyone else at the table enjoyed this very much!

Crispy Beef Tacos ($9): Cucumber, Red Onion, and Tomato. This is VERY sweet...almost like a bulgogi seasoning with lots of sugar. The combination of the vinegary cucumbers was not for me...you might like it, but I didn't.  :(

And for dessert :

Warm Chocolate Cake with Vanilla Gelato ($9). This was good, classic lava cake, but the portion is a bit small.

Warm Bread Pudding with Vanilla Gelato ($9). This was good...not as good as I thought it would be, since the bread pudding didn't really impress.

Not sure what they include in their HAPPY HOUR, but this place is a solid 3.5-4 stars even with the higher price point to me.  If you come here when the prices are cheaper, I had a 4.5-5 star experience!

Tons of pics :
We visit Embers frequently.   With options of a patio outside they also have the doors open to the indoor dining area allowing a feel of that "out door" atmosphere flowing through the restaurant.   The food is fantastic.  I have enjoyed everything I have ordered here but truly enjoy grazing on the "small plates".   The hummus, sliders, bacon wrapped dates are just a few.  With the ability to order even the best burger or a healthy salad.  The service has always been great and the bartenders are creative with their specialty drinks.  Howard is not only one of the best bartenders in town but also over sees the management of Embers and is very passionate about the food, drinks and service.  He is also a mixologist and comes up with very creative cocktails.   

Bonus : )  They have a few video poker machines and respect that they are for gamblers only. Which if you like to play, you will appreciate. 

There's a little something for everyone.   Dine outside, sit indoors with an outdoor feeling, watch a little sports, sit around the bar and enjoy the laughter or a little poker, or dine in their more private area which still provides the atmosphere and experience of it all.   

Cheers!
Yikes! We have been here a few times before  and the food was good. But yikes, tonight it was not good. Service was extremely uneven, had to wait 10 minutes for a wine glass, all got servd except for one at our table whose was delivered after the other 7 had eaten. To the Chef's credit, he did come out and apologize & took the late plate off the bill. My slowed cooked tri tip was cold and tasteless. Tonight was the launch of their new menu, but honestly I'm not exactly what changed. Will give it another try but it was really not good tonight.  The stuffed dates were fabulous though!
Friday night is our traditional family night, take the teens and finally relax after typical frantic school, work blah blah blah. In Summerlin at 6:00 pm it's not too easy to get a table at a restaurant that suits fussy kids plus parents. 

I've been using Open Table in combination with Yelp to avoid disappointment and the "it'll be 45 minutes for your table" response that you will hear at popular family places like The Yardhouse or BJ's.

When I tell "Management" I have booked "Embers", her response was lees than enthusiastic. The "old" Embers was a sort of BBQ joint hidden beneath a quite sophisticated Boca Park location. We hate BBQ.

"but,but,but" I eloquently respond "there's a new menu".

We arrive and are greeted by a very friendly hostess, offered two different tables, window or booth in back and are promptly seated.

Our server immediately arrived and got us drinks and sodas.

Menu has changed, extensive without being over complicated.

We had a couple of appetizers, ahi tuna on little rice cakes, delicious, light and well presented. After they were done, the Tandoori chicken skewers arrived. Just as good.
Our server noticed that one of the teens wasn't eating and brought him a bread basket. Nice touch.

Mains: We shared Beef Tacos, Griiled Salmon, Fish & Chips and the Cheese Burger. All were top notch.

Belly full, 2 beers, two Chardonnay, countless sodas $120 before tip.

We are coming back, it will be a new regular venue.
Embers gets a solid 4 stars from us, possibly 4.5 stars. We only went because of a groupon...wish I had tried it sooner! It's good value at full price for very good quality food. The hummus was creamy yumminess. The Corpse Reviver was a great cocktail. The steak salad was great. Steak perfectly cooked, salad perfectly dressed, blue cheese crostinis so moreish. The chef somehow manages to elevate healthy simplicity into divine deliciousness. Have the vanilla creme brûlée. The portion sizes were perfect as well, which is refreshing in a nation of wasteful overeating. It's a rare treat to be able to share a starter, have a satisfying main course, and share a dessert without feeling like we overindulged! I'm totally a fan of Embers. Quality over quantity ftw! 

Embers is a classy restaurant with great service and great food. Perfect for a date night or night out with friends. Check it out!
I'm in a good mood, so, 5 stars!

Honestly, I enjoyed everything I tried here, and that's rare.  I usually hate SOMETHING.  But, nope, liked it all......

Including...

The bacon wrapped dates.  Now, these are trendy and they're Firefly's specialty, yadda yadda, but that doesn't mean Embers' version is without merit.  They're delicious with the pomegranate reduction.  Plus, Bacon and cheese is always a win, no matter what!  However,  I did freak out a little when I bit into the date, crunched the almond and thought it was a pit.  So, FYI, on that.

For the main course, the tri tip entree was fantastic and likely the best tri tip I've had.  Really. It was a hefty portion of a great cut of meat, cooked perfectly.  To top it off, it includes glazed sweet potatoes and sauteed spinach, my most favoritest of all favorite sides. 

But, the best thing of all was the Gruyere bread pudding.  Now, at first glance, this sounds disgusting.  But, hot damn.  I would eat this for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It's that good.  Gruyere truly makes everything better.

Overall, a great spot.  I liked the mix of hipsters and cougars at the bar.  Makes things interesting.
Tried the chicken sausage and it was awesome, potatoes were uniquely flavored.. Steak was cooked right. Marcus was our server and he was right on! Great service, nice private ambiance .. Come for sunday brunch! Only thing was my son asked for scrambled, we got over easy but the fixed that right away
Waited an hour for my orders but glad Marcus, and owner Ted Mamola, came over and made it up due to busy 20 person party ahead of us. They comped a bottle of wine and desserts - that's great customer sevice!!

The review of the food itself is very good. We got the Tri-tip entree and the flat iron steak and they were awesome!

Would come back but not when huge party ahead!!
Great cocktails and steaks are good too. I like the patio when it's warm out. notba fan of the dates with bacon though
It's been a little over two years since I've been back to Embers.  And it was even better than I remembered it to be!  I spent a nice long stretch of time visiting my BFF in Las Vegas.  Lucky for me, she happens to live near Boca Park so we frequented Embers during my two week stay and I had a chance to try a lot of menu items.  I honestly liked everything I ate here.  Best hummus ever!!!  And then rigatoni was amazing as well!  Tried the truffle fries - um, who doesn't LOVE truffle on fries?! Flat iron steak or Filet... can't go wrong.  And then while sitting at the bar, one of the regulars recommended that I eat a "cheese ball."  Huh?  Lucky for me, the manager/bartender knew exactly what he was referring to and ordered me the Gruyere Bread Pudding.  Seriously... soooooo good!  Told you I tried almost everything on the menu!!  And then the bar... the drinks... holy batman, I have never drank so much in my life.  You can basically order any drink you want.  I would tell Howard the manager/bartender what type of flavor I liked or didn't like, he would mix something up, and it was outstanding!  And speaking of the people of Embers... such a great place.  Everyone makes you feel welcome.  It's like Las Vegas' version of Cheers where everyone knows your name after just a few visits!  And my last observation, I think this is the perfect restaurant for a date night!  Great lighting (ladies you know what I'm talking about), intimate and cozy, casual yet not too casual, and so many options on the menu!  Next time, I'm finding myself a date to bring to Embers!
Went to Ember's for brunch last weekend. I'd heard great things about both the ambiance and food. As far as ambiance, it's a nice place. Typical Summerlin/Boca Park chic. The food, however, was a complete disappointment. The dining room is split into two main areas with one (on the left side as you walk in), filled with booths, and the other (on the right) has a bar and several tables. We were seated in the left side of the restaurant in a booth made for four, but moved to one of the smaller booths. I found the seating to be kind of neat...elevated; felt like we were dining on a train. There were two other tables in this side of restaurant, both of which already had their food. In the bar side, a few people sat along the bar and a party of 8 sat at one of the tables. The menu looked so good. I wanted to try at least four or five different things. We ordered the White Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast with Grand Mariner Berries, and the Green and White Omelet. 

From the time we ordered, to the time we got our food...34 minutes! (Yes, we timed it.) Completely unbelievable, especially as the waitress kept promising, "your food will be right up." No joke, she said it about 4 times. 34 minutes is a ridiculous time to wait for brunch, but maybe, just maybe, I thought, the food will be so mind-blowing, it will all have been worth it. Wrong. So wrong. 

The French Toast was raw inside. Soggy, runny, eggy, raw. 
The Green and White Omelet: overcooked rubbery eggs (think microwaved breakfast sandwich eggs), congealed cheese which was holding together the most sorry looking asparagus I'd ever seen.  And the dish was barely warm. 

We asked the waitress to check out the french toast and even she agreed it was not cooked. She said she'd put in another order but after waiting a half an hour for the dish, we decided to order some eggs and ham. And let's just agree we've all had the same dish at Denny's. Right about now, I was wishing we were at Denny's. I ate my omelet but only because after 30 minutes of drinking coffee, I had to eat something. 

I'm no genius but I'd say my omelet was ready to be sent out at least 15 minutes before it was served and the party of 8 got the french toast we'd ordered and the chef hurriedly made another for our table when he saw my order still sitting there. Explains the multiple, "your food will be right up." 

All in all, the food was horrible. The service was horrible. They did comp our ham and egg breakfast and explained the chef got behind because of the large party. I don't think a party of 8 (who, again, I'm pretty sure ordered after us and was the only other party which hadn't yet gotten food) justifies a 30+ minute wait and undercooked/overcooked food.  

It's unfortunate a nice looking place like this, in the location it's in, for which I had high hopes, failed as miserably as they did. I'm always one to give a restaurant another chance because maybe it was just a bad morning. And seeing the vast majority of the reviews about Embers are good, and that an article just came out in the RJ giving Embers an "A", maybe it was just that. If I go again, I will update my review.
Went to this restaurant based on the Groupon deal. It was not busy and it was a nice little restaurant. 

We sat and the server, whom I believe was named Marcus, was helpful and looked sharp. We ordered a filet benedict with the steak medium rare and a omelet with meat (I can't remember the name picuillo or something to that effect ). We had coffee in the meantime. 

It took some time for our food to come out and when it did, it was disappointing. The steak was closer to medium well, the sauce on the filet also was cold as well as the omelet, which indicates it was probably sitting around for a bit. We were hungry so we ate it but did tell our server our issues. 

They were nice enough to give us a complimentary dessert which was bread pudding. It was delicious! The warm bread pudding along with the vanilla ice cream was scrumtralesent. 

Overall, our main entrees were disappointing because it was cold and steak cooked too long, but with the service being so nice and the dessert being exquisite, along with the nice presentation, I think this place deserves a shot. I will say that if we hadn't gotten  the Groupon, I'd be a little more upset, but I can only base the review on what I experienced. 

So it's a conditional four star but probably would have been a 3 otherwise.
Items selected:

Aviation - Gin, Luxardo, Lemon Juice, Crème De Violette
Blackberry Pepino - Tequila, Honey, Jalapenos, Blackberry
Bacon Wrapped Dates - Toasted Almonds, Blue Cheese, Pomegranate Reduction
Bacon Carbonara Flatbread - Bacon Alfredo Sauce, Parmesan Cheese, Crispy Bacon
Tandoori Spiced Chicken Skewers - Grilled Flatbread, Curry Spinach, Fresh Cheese, Sweet Chili
White Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast - Grand Marnier Berries, Toasted Granola
Apple Croissant Bread Pudding with Vanilla Gelato

Generally skewing my dining out towards Saturdays as to allow for a lazy Sunday, the Martin Luther King extended weekend conveniently allowed me to visit a spot just down the street for Sunday brunch with a new friend - the noon start time of the AFC Championship, a 20% off coupon, and wonderful customer service from a reservationist named May further sweetening the deal promised by a creative brunch menu.  Billed as an American Grille and located in upscale Boca Park near Sambalatte and Panera it was just before noon when we arrived at Embers and opting for a seat at the bar instead of the small dining room in order to afford full vantage of the dual plasma screens it would not be long before we were greeted by the friendly bartender and with menus presented plus a round of stiff but well-crafted $8 cocktails soon in hand the meal that followed would unfold in three acts, each piping hot and nicely presented at a veritable bargain even before the discount.  Opting to pair sweet with savory at each course it was with six dates curled in crispy bacon that found  adept balance in funky bleu and light acid that we began and moving on to the smoky yet smooth juxtaposition of bacon and garlic Alfredo atop crisp bread the hits continued to arrive as round two served up at least eight ounces of aromatic, juicy chicken amidst mild curry on one plate and the dish of the afternoon on the other, two slices of custard imbued French Toast with light cocoa notes serving to mellow fresh, boozy fruits as granola added just a touch of sweetness and plenty of crunch.  Battling satiety from prior means yet still debating a third proper course as the first half of the game wound to an end it was with a bit of sadness that we ended up passing on both the pancakes and the fried chicken sliders, but unable to resist dessert it was in the restaurant's bread pudding that we invested our last bites - the warm buttery croissants layered with fresh apples and soaked through with custard before being crowned with a ball of gelato and finished table side with rich crème anglaise, the end result a slowly melting masterpiece on par with some of the city's best and plenty of impetus to head back in the future for the chicken, pancakes, and a second round.
Shortly (like lightening fast speed) after posting my original review of my experience at Embers, I was contacted by the manager/director, May, inviting me back to Embers to give them another shot. I was really impressed at the offer, and stunned at how quickly it came. Now, I've only been yelping a short time so I never expected a restaurant to reach out to such a newbie. But, she did. Obviously, she isn't messing around and takes serious pride in the food and overall experience at Ember's. 

I spoke with May earlier in the week and told her I'd come in at 10:30 this past Sunday. I did. I didn't much notice whether the place was packed because, honestly, I was a little uncomfortable walking in, knowing I'd given them 1 star, and here I was again. I don't know whether I was expecting to be told off or what, but it didn't happen. May was super nice to me when I walked in and quickly showed me to my table (which had a "reserved" sign on it...nice touch!) and said she would wait on me herself. 

I ordered coffee and the White Chocolate French Toast, which was the dish I was so underwhelmed by last time. I was tempted to order the Ricotta Pancakes but thought the best way to critique this time around was by ordering the same thing as last time. 

Let's get coffee out of the way. It's good. Strong. And my cup was never, not even for a moment, more than half empty. 

On to the French Toast. It was beautifully presented and absolutely delicious. Seriously. It was cooked just perfectly. The slices are HUGE. I could only eat half the portion. The granola accompanying the french toast was sweet and crunchy. And the berries were perfect. I don't know how they got the most perfectly ripe strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries. The last few times I've been to the grocery store, the berry selection has been quite sad. I digress. The dish was perfect. 

I will definitely be back after this experience. And next time, I'm getting the Ricotta Pancakes. Thank you, May!
A great place for Sunday Funday. Bottomless mimosas for $20. They even let me substitute grapefruit juice in lieu of orange juice. The filet eggs benedict is a special twist on an old favorite--- amazing. We sat at the bar and had amazing service from a friendly and entertaining bartender. Service was prompt.  If you enjoy a long leisurely brunch with friends, this is a great place.
Another Yelp winner! 

Let me backtrack, most my Yelpie friends did not like the place. But I read through their reviews and picked out the dishes they thought were the best and avoided the ones they didn't like. All the reading paid off, because I had a lovely experience and I thought the food and drinks were great and reasonably priced. So this review may be little skewed, but as an avid Yelp reader, I think most my reviews are skewed because I order things that people recommend. 

Anyways, enough with the addendum stuff, onto the food. Actually, I'll start off with my favorite, their crafted cocktails. Wowzers. Summerlin knows how to get their drink on. There's so many great places to booze and Embers is one of them. I ordered the Blackberry Pepino, a tequila drink with a splash of Jalapeno juice, mulled (?) blackberries and honey. It definitely had a kick from the jalapenos and there was no skimping on the tequila either. It was a bargain for $8! Woo-hoo! I would've drained it and ordered the rest of cocktail menu, but alas, it was brunch and I didn't wanted to be liquored up at noon (at least not in front of polite company). 

My fascinating brunch companion, had the Aviation and it was lovely, I definitely could taste the Creme de Violette in it. 

The rest of the brunch menu was great. We had the bacon wrapped dates, which were delicious and my favorite dish of the meal. Bacon Carbonara flatbread was great, would've been perfect with a beer,  as we were watching the NFL game. I thought the Tandoori Chicken skewers were tasty, albeit a small portion. In conclusion, EVERYTHING was good, but those were the dishes that stood out to me. 

Another +star for the great service and the nice, sleek decor of the place. It's nestled in fashionable Boca Park, next to the best Total Wine and More on the planet. 

Who said Summerlin was boring? Suburbs is where it's at!
Service is really really amazing but the food is okay.. We were not that satisfied. The cream of corn soup was really really salty but we asked our server to adjust it which is really nice of them cause they did. She kept checking on us if we were doing great which is good.. The risotto was okay and the pizza we ordered was okay :) i wish we had better food though! 

But i'd still come back !! Excellent service ! :)
This is a bar trying to be a fine dining restaurant.  Our server was definitely a bar food server.  When asked what the soup of the day was, he said he wasn't sure but he thought it was Cauliflower.  The soup arrived in quite a large bowl and it was stone cold and lacked flavor.  This was then switched for a Caesar salad.  The flavor was okay, but it was made with iceberg lettuce rather than romaine.  The buttermilk fried chicken, while tender and juicy inside, but was in the fryer too long, as the crispy crust was on the edge of being burned.  The mashed potatoes served with it were luke warm and runny.  I've had much better instant from a box!  My friend had the mushroom risotto, which she said was flavorful and good.  The highlight of the meal was the bread pudding.  We waited forever for it, but it was worth the wait. Small portion, but very rich and flavorful with a creme en glace sauce which the waiter had never heard of.  He also said there were no apples in the bread pudding, which there clearly were. It was truly yummy.  When we ordered the desert we weren't asked if we would like coffee, nor was my soda ever refilled after it was gone halfway through the meal.  Embers has a long way to go both in service and food quality to becoming the fine dining establishment it's price's suggest it is.
This place is hands down great the food was so yummy but i think what made it to 5 stars was May our waitress, she was so nice her customer service was on point. My cup of coffee was never empty and she knew what i needed before i even asked. Thank you May!
Had an amazing meal here. I started out with the crispy beef tacos which were surprisingly large for an appetizer and also excellent. The beef was nice and crispy (I'm guessing fried in a wok) and the sauce and pickled veggies gave it tons of flavor. The spinach salad was pretty typical, good, but nothing to write about.

For my entree I had the pan roasted herb chicken and it was above and beyond what I expected. I don't usually order chicken because it can be boring and usually dried out. I ordered this one though because I was intrigued by the gruyere bread pudding with cranberry relish. The pudding was the perfect consistency, very soft and cheesy but firm enough to not be too dough/mushy. The relish added a nice sweet/tart contrast. The brussels sprouts were great (can't go wrong with those). The chicken was pretty close to perfect. The skin was crispy and covered with a peppery dry rub and the meat was very juicy and tender. Pretty much as good as chicken can be cooked. 

Since this place is a cocktail bar I had the Blackberry Pepino. It had tequila, honey, jalapeños, and blackberry juice in it. They used a very peppery tequila which balanced out well with the sweetness of the blackberries and honey and the jalapeños weren't overpowering. A very well balanced drink. One of the better cocktails I've had in a while. If I wasn't so full I would have tried a dessert but it wasn't going to happen.

The service was very attentive and the ambience was decent. I'll definitely be back here the next time I'm in town.
#Vakseen4taste this Vegas trip we decided to stay a few miles away from the strip so when we woke up super hungover Sunday morning, Embers' menu was calling me. I was eyeing the fried chicken and biscuits or the blueberry ricotta pancakes. Only a mile away, we hopped in a cab and were seated immediately. 

Best cure for a hangover? MORE DRINKS!!!  While the unlimited mimosas, bellinis and bloody Mary's definitely sounded appealing, they have a great beer selection so I went that route. FYI the wait or said those unlimited are interchangeable so you can bounce from a mimosa to a bloody, etc. I'm a Belgian drinker and they had a few of my favs so I drank bottles of Trappistes Rochefort 10, followed by Westmalle Tripel after the food came out. What hangover?!  

We both ordered the blueberry ricotta pancakes and I'll actually have to say I was pretty disappointed. On one hand, they served their purpose and soaked up last nights intoxication, on the other hand, the pancakes looked much more amazing than they truly were. Perfect in appearance, they were a little doughy and truly lacked flavor. I felt like I was eating bland white bread. They were so doughy that I had to look and make sure they were actually cooked. Neither the blueberries not the sauce were sweet and we actually ended up putting syrup on them. A lightly flavored lemon ricotta ball was placed on top of the pancakes just like butter normally is and that wasn't bad, but wasn't great either. Sadly the food was nothing to write home about. I will say their chicken sausage was very good though. The highlight of brunch lol.  Welp at least the service was on point lol. Food 6.5/10. Service 8.5/10. Atmosphere 8/10
I wasn't sure what to expect but was nicely surprised.  It's a very casual, honestly priced restaurant.  I had the flat iron steak which had the the best potatoes and sauce I've had in a while.  Very good steak and the warm chocolate cake was fantastic.  I very nice option when you want a nice steak without a large crowd or all the foo-foo stuff of a uppity steak house.
Great service. Good food and a great patio! Went for brunch - great eggs Benedict creation. I loved the blackberry jalapeño cocktail for something different and delish!
I had read some great reviews on here so I was excited to try this place out.  We went on a Sunday night and it was pretty quiet.  After an 80 degree day, eating outside sounded perfect.  The staff were nice enough to set the tables up for us and unfortunately we arrived 3 minutes after happy hour ended.

I ordered the bacon wrapped dates which were ok, very unimpressive and were just like the ones you'd find at most places now.  My husband ordered the steak sandwich, one daughter ordered salmon, one a chicken sandwich, and i ordered the spinach salad. The consensus around the table was that it was all under whelming.

Maybe they didn't expect people on a Sunday night and the B team was in but the food was overseasoned or underseasoned.  The service was just ok and again, after reading some good reviews I'm not sure what happened because no one would have given the food or service five stars.

Definitely not a place we'll return to but you don't know if you don't try.
I was craving a sandwich but at 10pm most places are closed. They don't have any Embers out in Southern California where we are from, plus they have great reviews, and they are open late, so we decided to order take out from them.

I couldn't honestly say I enjoyed my meal here. It was beyond overpriced by any normal standards for what we got. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem spending extra cash if it means I'm getting quality and flavor, that's not the case here.

$15 for a grilled chicken breast sandwich which advertised mozzarella cheese and pesto aioli on a roasted garlic focaccia bread, spinach, and roasted red peppers. There was a paper thin piece of melted mozzarella - seriously, there wasn't any. Pesto aioli? More like a dot of pesto oil! The sandwich and chicken was extremely dry and flavorless. Only when I actually had a bite of roasted bell pepper, was it an average sandwich. I felt really let down and robbed. 

$11 for a mushroom and spinach flatbread. I felt that they really skimped on the toppings since most of my bites were just dry bread pieces. I barely got any bites with truffle oil and once I did get a mushroom and spinach bite in, it was only ok... It wasn't amazing. There wasn't any body or layer of flavor, just salt. 

$30 for a meal that I could of gotten at a typical chain like Cheesecake Factory and had a better flavorful experience. 

I don't know who decided to slack that day, but it caused a first time customer reconsider ever coming back again.
The good:
Good location to people watch

The bad:
Poor food quality
Mediocre service
Extremely small portions
Overpriced

This place was probably decent a while back, but now it's a disaster. Wouldn't expect to see this place last another year.
We recently visited Embers on a Friday evening, around 7 pm. Unlike other Boca Park restaurants, there was no wait, and lots of empty tables. The server informed us upfront that the kitchen was very backed up, and if we were super hungry we should go somewhere else. I appreciated her warning, but we weren't starving so we went ahead and took a table on the patio.

Our server was very nice, our water glasses never sat empty, and the wait for food was not too bad.

We started with some bacon wrapped dates, I had read on yelp that they were better than Fire Fly's bacon wrapped dates....either we just received the exception, or that other reviewer was smoking crack because these weren't even on the same playing field as Fire Fly. The bacon was soggy, the pomegranate reduction lacked flavor, and I was completely unimpressed. 

Next small plate comes out: tri tip sliders and fries. My slider had large chunks of orange fat, I'm guessing from where it had been pre-sliced and chilled. The barbecue sauce was inedible. I took one bite of the meat and left if on my plate. It tasted like the "steak-ums" we ate in college. The fries were nothing special at all, comparable to Wendy's fries. They remained mostly untouched also. A different server took my plate and I told him I couldn't eat the sandwich because something really tasted "off" but he didn't respond. 

My cocktail arrived - it had muddled blackberries and jalapeños, it was just okay, looked pretty though! 

Our salads came out next- we both ordered the pear and walnut salad, and I was very happy with mine. The dressing was good, the ingredient ratio was nice - it was the high point of the meal. 

Last to come out were our chicken skewers served on a greasy piece of naan or pita bread that was too soggy for me to eat, and some sweet chili sauce that was obviously from a bottle. 

I would not return to Embers. The staff was polite, and the patio was nice, but the food was mediocre at best.
We decided to try out Embers when we came across a Groupon deal shortly after moving to Las Vegas. We went for their brunch and sat outside on the patio. It was a very nice atmosphere and although it took a little longer than anticipated to get our food, my husband and I both enjoyed our breakfast choices. The prices are a little expensive for the amount of food you get but the quality is very good. I recommend snagging a Groupon if you want to try it and save yourself a couple of bucks.
Brunch was decent but the price is kind of expensive.  

I used the groupon deal and got an omelet with bacon, spinach, cheddar and mushrooms with a side of potatoes ($15).  I also got the fruit plate ($6).  

The fruit platter was small and only had small slices of watermelon and apple.  I would have been disappointed but I mentioned to my server I was allergic to apples and they returned with raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries on a larger plate.  

This place is probably better know for its steaks and cocktails.  I will have to return for dinner and drinks.  

In the meanwhile, the service was four to five stars.  The value for money and the wait for the food in a three quarters empty restaurant (it took about thirty minutes) is what takes my review down to three.  In the interim though, excellent attention was taken filling drinks and I enjoyed conversing with the manager and my server.
One of our favorite Vegas restaurants. Our go-to dish is the BBQ burger! But we've had several other dishes as well and thoroughly enjoyed everything.Usually they aren't too busy and can get you in quickly. Nicely decorated, and it's fun to sit on the patio next to the fountain and all the lights. Definitely a nicer restaurant and slighty more spendy price range
This is a happy hour review.

Hub and I had intended to go to Kona Grill for happy hour.  We had a show at the suncoast casino, and were in that neck of the woods for dinner.
Yelping around, we picked Kona Grill, but when we walked in the door it was a complete zoo.  Loud music and obnoxious loud customers....which is not a problem, but not the ambiance we were looking for.

I remembered around the corner was a highly rated Embers by yelpers.
We came in the back door entrance and we were greeting immediately by very kind and fun waitstaff.
I ordered Pinot Noir for 5 dollars (happy hour price) and hub got a Stella Artois for 4 dollars.
He ordered the tandoori chicken skewers and I had the chicken carbonara flatbread.  We both LOVED our food!  The ambiance was classy and the the staff was superb!  We will without hesitation return to this great place.  Price range is very fair for quality of cuisine you get.  Happy hour, the apps were 2 dollars off, making it a better deal.  Do not miss this place if you are over in the Summerlin area.
The cocktails here are very good and the bartender was very attentive. I have been here a few times for drinks and this was the first time I tried the food. I got the tandoori chicken skewers and they were good, but didn't blow me away. The one thing that was hugely bothersome which is why they are not getting 4 stars is the rude signage. They have a few video poker machines at the bar, and located at each machine was a sign saying "if you are not playing do not sit here". It is common Vegas knowledge that you may be asked to move if you are not playing the machine and someone else wants to.  There were only these 2 seats left at the bar. Would they rather we had left and not had the $70 tab? That's what the sign made me think. There are nicer ways to say that the gaming comes first, "do not sit here" is pretty rude and unwelcoming.
In short...it was fantastic. I have access to many celebrity chef restaurants on the strip & Embers rates as high as any of them. Just delicious comfort food...and we left knowing there were many other menu items we would have ordered.

A great locals spot. And very affordable.
I will never understand why mediocre chain restaurants are packed when they share a proximity to quality restaurants like Embers. I've visited Embers twice. On the first it was for dinner at the behest of a friend who lives locally. My friend's request wasn't just for the food (which is excellent), but because of the drink selection. It's easy in the greater Las Veegas area to find a place that does cocktails; it's hard to find a place that does them right. My gauge for expertise? Can they do a Lion's Tail and a Blood in the Sand. The fact that Embers can sets them apart. Now add a versatile menu, courteous staff, and bacon wrapped dates and Embers becomes one of my favorite restaurants in Summerlin.
Been passing by here for years'. Wish we had of stopped and tried it sooner!  Great service, food and atmosphere!  We will add Ember to our list of local Summerlin favorites!
Here for Happy Hour. Everything tasted delicious ($2 off apps) ... we ordered the dates, hummus, and mushroom spinach flatbread. For drinks, Andrea made me a boulevardier (my fav) and it was perfect.
Yummy! I have had the filet and buttermilk chicken, both were delicious. Restaurant is small, but the a/c is ice cold.
We summed it up: "GO, go now before they get that star and can charge much, much more for what is by far and away the best Indian food we've ever had." Book now!
Had been given some recommendations to try this restaurant. It turned out to be a great decision. The food was absolutely amazing and has to be some of the best Indian food I've ever had. The service was excellent and really couldn't fault a thing about the whole night. Highly recommended - the lobster was the real highlight. A little more expensive than your average Indian restaurant but then it's not your average Indian.
I was lucky enough to get the opportunity to come here for a business lunch, and well let's say my work rate declined in the afternoon with a belly full of such delicious food!

It's the fine dining posh sister of the famous Kushi's restaurant. We arrived and the atmosphere is tranquil and calm, a morning rushing around was soon forgotten as the ambiance worked it's magic on me.

We plumped for the taster menu and started with an unusual chicken salad wrapped in lettuce leaves with grated testy green apple on top. This set the scene for an amazing menu of tasty, unique indian dishes. Having lived in Singapore for two years I've been spoilt with some fantastic Indian dining experiences. But this has to be said was the most unique, flavorful taste sensation I've had.

As it was a business lunch we didn't try the wine selection which looked good, but we did try some of the mocktails which really stood out. I had a watermelon and fresh ginger mix which really went well together and perfectly balanced the food.

The service was really friendly and we had some amusing banter, without it being over the top. 

I would very, very highly recommend this if you're looking for somewhere different at that end of town. They also have a newly opened bar area which is a nice laid back area to enjoy a refreshment or two. I'll definitely be back for more than one visit.
We only went for cocktails, but what lovely cocktails they were: so many original creations featuring fresh fruit (passion fruit, pomegranate, pineapple, raspberry) and other flourishes. And if you didn't fancy the special cocktails on the menu, the bartenders were happy to make you anything you desired, and they made it very well. I was pleasantly surprised.
when you think indian restaurant, probably the last thought that comes to mind is amazing cocktail bar!  but Mithas isn't just your average indian, while they do have an outstanding restaurant (sadly which i have yet to try!) they have also extended their venture and a few months previously opened a truly excellent wine and cocktail bar.

entering Mithas is like entering a very swish five star hotel and with a quick turn to the right the bar sits.  loads of dark work and a nicely proportioned seating area with about 4-5 high seats at the actual bar itself.  the wine and cocktail menu is large, but not so large that it's difficult to decide on what you want.  being on a cocktail quest we of course all immediately focused on the two pages of speciality cocktails to decide our drinks.  my first was called Devil's Candy a delicious mixture of gin muddled with pomegranate and mint, a touch of lemon, and topped up with ginger beer.  but the art of the drink was more than just liquid mixed together, my drink was topped with incredibly garnish and a spray of gold dust!  it actually looked like christmas in a glass!!  

my second drink of the night was a classy martini called the Absolut Passion.  a martini glass dipped in sugar arrived with a mixture of vodka with fresh strawberry puree, fresh passion fruit, and a sweet touch of gomme syrup.  on first sip i was pretty much in love!  this may have been a boozy drink, but it went down an absolute treat!  i definitely would have ordered another if it hadn't been a school night!

in addition to the gorgeous cocktails, the staff at Mithas are incredibly lovely.  very very accomodating and welcoming.  the bartender was an absolute gem mixing up loads of cocktails for our group and the wait staff even brought out a delicious salad with tender chicken for us to enjoy while we drank.  definitely the kind of treatment that you want at such a lovely place.

the only negative i can see for Mithas wine and cocktail bar is the price.  cocktails started at about £7 which is what most people would expect to pay on george street, but not down in leith.  however, i felt like the quality of the cocktails definitely justified the price and i would happily pop back here for a few pre or post dinner at one of the many restaurants at the shore.
Did I come here for Indian food? No, I came for cocktails. But I shall return for an Indian feast!

As part of the Yelp Cocktail Quest, headed up by the Cocktail Queen Robyn Z, we were in Leith and ready to get our cocktail on. Our original plan of Bond No 9 was dropped when Blythe suggested Mithas - one of the best Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, who recently opened a new cocktail bar. My curiosity was peaked!

And what cocktails they were. It's a small bar area, and it was empty on a Wednesday night. They mixed me a margarita tout de suite, and it was perfect. It's hard to do a margarita above and beyond the usual excellent, but it's easy to get it wrong: and I find its a good way to judge a place on its skills. This was a great margi, so I knew we were in good mixologist hands.

The Rakput (?) was a muddled raspberry and vodka affair, that was garnished with a whole chilli and also had chilli in the cocktail. You could really taste it, in an pleasant way, and not chilli syrup or 'essenence of'; but real chilli.

By the third cocktail I'd gotten into a very interesting discussion with Julie G on Japanese feminism and the rest of the night is a blur. The cocktails were that good.

I have heard only good things about the food, and given its mainly a restaurant and I've yet to try their food, I can't give it 5 stars just yet. But I will return to try it all, and will leave time to visit the cocktail bar first before my meal too.
right, i've been back to try the food and just wow!  definite 5 stars from me!!

Jenny L and i arranged a girl date so we could dine and drink and belatedly celebrate her new job and what better place the Mithas.  from the moment we walked in til the moment we left the service was impeccable and the staff so friendly and helpful.  i love the design of this place, dark work with splashed of bright colours!  the tables are set a good distance apart so you don't feel like you are on top of the people dining next to you but there is still a good atmosphere and buzz from the room.

the menu is well laid out, with a few set menu/tasting menu options and also an a la carte menu to choose from.  we went a la carte ordering the scallops and crab cakes for starters and a lamb curry and roasted duck dish for mains.  (i apologise as the names of all these dishes is long forgotten!! thankfully not the taste though)  before our starters arrived we were treated to a little mug of spicy tomato soup that was delicious and warm if a wee bit on the spicer side for me.  

starters arrived in good time and the scallops came in their shells with a delightful sauce and the crab cakes with a nicely dressed side salad.  we spilt everything and i have to say it was all delicious.  the crab cakes especially as they were full of crab and really well blended spices that were both warming while also giving a slight kick at the end.  they were washed down well with our cocktails.  mains arrived next and were just outstandingly good.  i've eaten a lot of curries, but these were just so above anything i'd tried before.  the spices were well blended and so flavourful the duck and lamb was super tender and everything just made my mouth happy with a palate of spice, warmth, and general deliciousness.  although we were getting full, we did struggle to eat the majority of the meal because neither of us wanted it to go to waste!  also we managed to squeeze in dessert, jenny the poached pear and me the seasonal dessert of warm chocolate cake with liquid centre.  all delicious with cinnamon and hazelnut ice creams.

overall an incredibly amazing meal!  the prices are a bit higher than you'd pay for a normal indian, but well worth it.  i cant' wait to go back!!
I'm wavering between a 4 and a 5 star - really in this case, there isn't much in it. By the time I stop writing you will know which way I went...

I've been curious to try Mithas for a while - it's definitely going for the fine dining edge and service is efficient, brisk and detailed. We, unfortunately, didn't dress for the occasion, but thankfully were not turfed out for such insolence. 

Now, this review, being during the World Cup, will be a tale of two halves. 

First Half - Food
One of these days I'll return for the tasting menu, I think that will be fun times. 

First, we were presented with a drink - passionfruit and pomegranate I think, the waitress forgot to tell us, and we forgot to ask. It was lovely, nonetheless. It came with a selection of dips that could be matched with our starters - tomato and beetroot, spiced tomato chutney etc. They looked lovely, but I was so engrossed in the starter, I clean forgot to try them.

For starters, we split the vegetarian platter - it was a little awkward, as everything came out in 2's, but there was three of us. But, apart from that, the food itself, as my fellow diner commented, was a really refreshing change, with nary a deep fried dish in sight. Fried paneer with a spicy edge; a cake made of yam (for me, too soggy); spinach cake stuffed with figs (my favourite); and mushrooms, also stuffed and spiced (too spicy for me). 

Next up: mains. Chicken for the Silent Reviewer, South Indian prawn curry for the divine Ms M and for myself, baby aubergines. Again, the aubergine was a little too spicy for me, and my tastebuds died in a spice overload, but the prawn curry was lovely, creamy, and formed a tasty contrast to my dish. We also had the bread basket (I've had better naan elsewhere, but they were ok) and pilau rice. The portion sizes were good as well - not excessive, nor too small, that we all finished up satisfied. Dishes were not greasy either, another win for Mithas. 

Overall - food was lovely, well cooked (and cooked fresh, so you do have to wait) and nicely presented. Next time I'll have to ask to tone down the spice to make it more palatable for me, and that 4 stars will go up to 5. 

Second Half - Drinks
Alright, so we had had a couple of wines before entering, and if we hadn't, we probably would have been much more behaved on the drinks front, but boy, I'm glad that our inhibitions had been cast aside, because WE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE (even if my head did hurt a little this morning). The Divine Ms M and I both opted for the cocktail sampling menu (poor, poor sober Silent Reviewer was our designated driver). This menu more than matched the food menu. Five cocktails for twenty pounds is an absolute steal as well, especially at this level of quality. 

Starting out with a watermelon and vodka aperitif (ginger, crushed watermelon and vodka) was a winning start. Every flavour was nicely balanced and outrageously good. It was then I met the love of my lift that evening ( a girl can have many, many loves of course) - hazelnut and sparkling wine - just hands down phenomenal - I would drink that forever. This was swiftly followed up with a Jack Daniels martini - from the coolness of watermelon and sweetness of hazelnut, it was a shock to the tastebuds, but a good one - the abrasiveness of the whisky tempered by the mixologist (involving pineapple) to a much more smooth level. Then onto the Red Salute - a fruitier, sweeter number with lychee that had been the original draw for me - but actually more forgettable than some of it's predecessors. Finally, a Guilty Pleasure - a creamy frothy number with jasmine tea that just tasted like a boozy chai tea, a dreamy way to draw our way to a close and for us to pour ourselves out and into the car home. 

** the cocktail tasting menu was *technically* supposed to be served at the bar with bar snacks - but we didn't notice that when we ordered, and got it anyway. As the waitress first warned us - you will have 7 shots and 115ml of sparkling wine, so please me hearties... do not drink this menu and think to drive!

Summary: Food 4 stars, but more like 4.5 going on 5
Cocktails: 3/5 for me were the best cocktails I have ever tasted; the remaining 2 were worthy runners up. 5 stars
Service: 5 stars, nice even when the restaurant was closing up and we were the only ones left

Alright you got me - this is 5 stars of deliciousness. A fantastic way to spend a Saturday night!
The place is cool with white and black furniture inside. 

The music is awesome because I like house music. 

Drinks for happy hour were $ 2-4.
We ordered the sampler platter and the best was the beef skewer.

I would definitely come back for music but not the food.
$2 drink happy hour which includes some pretty decent mix drinks. My favorite of the three is the big stick. It taste just like the big stick frozen dessert. I also tried the sky berry lemonade which tasted like koolaid. Will have to revert back to the big stick. They have the typical bar food which is decently priced. We are here on a Friday night at 9:30ish and is not so busy. They play house music and have a table to play beer pong.

We also ordered the coconut shrimp and they were really tasty.  They are U-15 Black Tiger shrimps, lightly coated with coconut, served with a spicy peach marmalade.  It also came with an apple coleslaw.  Price for this appetizer (3 Shrimps total), is $7.  Kind of pricey, but big taste.
Great food, music, and atmosphere. A hidden gem in vegas away from the strip. I will definitely return
I have been here before and after its revamping, and it most definitely meets my tri fecta in standars.  It has great food, good ambiance, and great prices.  Along side a great staff that's attentive and helpful with helping you pick what you want to drink and eat, there is also plenty of parking for your party.  

I especially loved their themed nights throughout the week where they host playing house to 90's favorites.  Upon entrance you will see how urbanized and noticeably chic Remixx is by their sleek furniture and lighting.  I absolutely love the over-sized projector and their comfy couch chairs. 

If living in Vegas, I would be here every night trying out their different appetizers and specials. An added bonus is they make sure to put on the game or put on the fight if you're a sports person! A great spot for dinner and drinks to meet with friends after work or happy hour with the co-workers. I would recommend this to locals who want great bar food/music and company but don't want to pay the high prices for Vegas ambiance.
Right when I entered, the bartender greeted us and ask us to choose a table or bar. The place was pretty decent size and it was very dark inside. With the heat ugh not good. It was so hot inside there. Very uncomfortable. The bartender was very nice though. They had a happy house menu at the bar.  I tried the BBQ pulled pork sliders. It was came with 2 pork sliders and taro chips. It was very good. 3.5/5 . I also tried the Carne Asada wontons 3/5. This place seem like there potential. An A/C would be a start.
This place is great!! The food rocks the service is perfect!! U have to try it, happy hr til 9 pm
If I could sum up my experience at Remiix, it would be "meh." It wasn't horrendous, it was just meh.

Atmosphere
I came here during their happy hour (5p-9pm everyday and all day Sunday). And I must say I'm happy it was happy hour, otherwise I would have been pretty upset with paying full price for the quality I received. It was a Thursday night and it was pretty dead, just the bartender and the chef that were sitting at the bar. The music that was playing when I first arrived was soft rock. Not something I want to listen to as I'm having a cocktail with my friend. The bartender did change the music eventually  to something more upbeat. I don't think they had AC either because there were a bunch of fans around the room.  

Service
Our bartender was very nice. She told me her name but I'm horrible remembering names. I just know her middle name is Marie because she looked at my ID and said that my first name is her middle name. Anyway, she was very friendly. She explained what was on the happy hour menu to my friend and I and she answered the questions that we had about the items. She was very attentive and made sure that we were doing ok. One star to her. Plus our orders were delivered quickly. That's another star. 

Drinks
For happy hour, it was 2 for 1. I ordered the spiked passion fruit lemonade, I think that's what it was called. It had citrus vodka, passion fruit purée and lemonade. She said she was out of the passion fruit purée and could substitute it for strawberry or mango. I was kind of bummer but I opted for the strawberry. It was actually really yummy. Not too sweet like I thought it would be. By the time I finished it, I could already feel the alcohol. (I did drink half of it on an empty stomach so that's probably why I felt it quickly.) For my other drink, I don't even remember what it was called because I didn't care too much for it. It had champagne and other stuff but I could not finish it. You pretty much could only taste the champagne. My friend liked it, but as for me, not so much. So one more star to te yummy lemonade drink. 

Food
This is why they only got 3 stars. The food was awful. We ordered from the happy hour menu which was only $5 per appetizer. I know you get what you pay for, but other places offer better food for the same price during their happy hour. The carne asada wontons were cold and soggy when I bit into them. I also ordered the pork sliders with taro chips. The taro chips were so oily and undercooked. Some weren't even crispy yet. The slider itself was horrible. The sandwhich fell apart as soon as I picked it up. I had to eat it with a fork because the bread was so soggy it could not support the weight of the extremely overly sauced pork. Only reason I ate it all was because I hadn't eaten since 1130 in the morning and it was almost 9 pm when we got there. 

All in all, our bartender was the saving grace for the visit. I won't be back and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
Trying stuffed jalapeño poppers, remiix meatballs, soondaboo, and my cocktail on happy hour is remiix vacation.  So appropriate as I get ready to catch a flight.  

Jalapeño are fresh pankoed up with cream cheese in the middle, drizzled with spicy mayo sauce.  Pretty delicious if your prefer fried food.  Meatballs was probably my favorite.  It's like a hamburger meat jun mixed with veggies.  

Honestly, the soondaboo was a disappointment.  Not what you would expect at all. I often eat Korean food, so It's not like I wouldn't know what it is.  We barely touched it.  

Aside from that, service was great, our waitress was very helpful and kind.  

I will probably give it another try, it wasn't that bad, but didn't quite wow me.  I sat give it a shot though, everyone has their own opinion!
We really enjoyed it! Super nice service and great food. Will come with some friends and sing karaoke. The kimchi is prepared here and is fantastic. Loved the house sauce that came with the popcorn chicken.

We went back and it was not the same taste, it took 30 min to get our food! There was no beer on draft, and the waitress was inexperienced. Will not go back.
This place is the bomb 4 dollar rolls cant beat that anywhere. Everything on the menu sounds goid must try all.
My friends and I came here for a birthday. We had the best service and time. We loved it. chelsea!!!!!!!!!! Was amazing!!!!!
Best service ever! Make sure you ask for Chelsea.
Wonderful awesome atmosphere hip place excellent food great prices$$. Best spot in town for late night 2 on weekdays 3 in weekend. When I want fast delicious food I make togo orders. Cant beat the portion size and the prices.
This place is a hidden gem! Great food. Great staff. Great atmosphere. A place everyone needs to know about. Chicken bulgogi tacos are on point and the street style corn is a must!! Sit at the bar or booths. Bartenders make this place! If your looking for dinner or late night grub you can't go wrong with this place.
Came here on a Sunday night & my boyfriend & I were literally the only customers. This is a korean infused bar and restaurant. I had to give this place an "okay" rating because of the delivery. Although it was a nice looking interior & great food presentation.. The taste & professionalism were not there. The food wasnt bad nor did it live up to the hype. Decent pricing & nice people. However, pajamas and no smiles werent appealing or professional. One day I'll come back though. Hope to taste & see improvements.
I love this place! Everything on the menu is good, love the ambiance and their customer service is the best! I've been here multiple times and I always leave satisfied! I highly recommend this place!

I love their version of 'elote' which is the street style corn, its got all the awesomeness without the mess. Their signature cocktails are made to perfection! You cant go wrong with any of them.
The best Korean food I've found in Las Vegas. This is a family operated business, and you can feel how passionate they are from the food they put out and the way they take care of patrons.

Their menu is a mix of traditional and contemporary Korean cuisine. Both styles they execute perfectly. They have a true sense of pride in everything they put out. They go the extra mile and make all their own side dishes and soy sauce.

Do yourself a favour and go there, get a drink, order a couple things. You won't regret it.
I love this place!! It's actually next to my favorite bar in Vegas as well so it's perfect for me.

Oh yeah, let's talk about Remiix.

This is what Korean fusion is supposed to be. I have tried Komex awhile back since people raved about it, I was severely disappointed. But Remiix is where I go for my bulgogi burritos, and of course the spicy tuna rolls.

I keep trying new things on the menu and it's always good. The staff is friendly and I love the atmosphere. As I'm tying this review in the restaurant, they are playing Journey. 

It's a pretty nifty looking place and I dig the food. I have given up on being super descriptive a long time ago, so if you are in the mood for some unique dishes and flavors, check it out
This is a really really really awesome Korean/Japanese fusion place. Favorites are the Bulgogi beef burritos, which are really good sizes it has kimchi fried rice inside and like some sort of fresh salad which totally binds the whole burrito together. The Bulgogi beef tacos have some of the same ingredients minus the fried rice. These are both under $10. The spicy tuna roll is sooo good $3.99! Unbelievable. I like Remiix more than Soyo, more than Jun's, more than any other Korean place that isn't bbq. Oh I don't have a picture but the Korean pancakes with like the chives here are pizza size :)
Wonderful restaurant/bar with creative food and top-notch service. It was completely dead when we went in, which surprised me, but it WAS the day after Memorial Day. 

The lovely Japanese girl took very good care of us! I was craving nigiri and, though it isn't on the menu, she informed me that they could do it, no problem! My boyfriend is super picky and she was way too understanding (more so than me lol) and tried to help him.

OK so the spicy crab mussels...OMG amazing. Just an orgasm in your mouth. The nigiri was great, too; very fresh fish and especially for not having it on the menu. The sushi rice was falling apart a bit, but no biggie. OH I also got a spicy tuna hand roll which was huge and bursting with deliciousness. 

They have so many other great-looking things on the menu that I want to try next time; Korean stuff, etc. Oh and they have great American stuff, too, like fries and quesadillas. Wow! AND they are open until 2am! What a win!
Great place!  Went in around midnight on a Friday and it was nearly empty, which worried me a little bit.  Sat at the bar and ordered the dragon roll and the spicy pork tacos.  Everything was fantastic!  Great service and a cool looking restaurant.  And they are very reasonably priced.  I'll definitely be going back.
Awesome local spot! My father introduced me to this place and is a huge fan! We love the Spicy Pork and Beef Bulgogi. They have awesome rolls there as well. Best place to sit is at the bar, the staff is friendly and welcoming. Delicious little spot to get your Korean fix in. :)
Food is really good but the service was slow.  Took 1 hr for drinks and two rolls. Might give them a second chance.  However, might not.
Atmosphere is great, great location, amazing food too! My chicken was awesome but the best part we're the donuts for dessert. This place serves food really late too.
We went here for a Kentucky Derby party and had a wonderful experience!
The bartenders were attentive and made awesome drinks (mint julips and Jack/Coke).  We ordered a Margherita Pizza which came out quickly and was delicious. The owner gladly brought me an extra side of marinara (which the pizza didn't need, I just wanted more!!) that was larger than any side I could have ever expected; very much appreciated!! :)

The ambiance was very cool, each vase on each table had a unique live flower in it, and the chandeliers were very artsy and enjoyable to view.  We will def. be back for a more romantic dinner experience than just a casual lunch/horse-racing viewing.  It was great!
Outstanding new restaurant in Old Town - looks like 3rd time's the charm in this location. 

Previous owner(s) had tried a few different things that apparently didn't pan out. Well, the new owner of this spot apparently knows what's up.

The specialty cocktails (which I'm not normally into) are fantastic, and their wine on tap is awesome. The food is out of this world - it's all different. They are really into locally sourced fresh ingredients and being earth conscious (which I really appreciate) and you can taste the difference in the food. 

I had a pepperoni pizza and shared some bruschetta that was crazy good, and my girlfriend had a chicken dish I sampled that was also amazing. The cheese on the pizza was creamy - it was really unusual, but I scarfed down every bit of it. The crust was delicious as well. 

The best part is that I don't feel boated or whatever. I was full, but didn't have a gut bomb. We even split a dessert that was like their take on an adult s'more. It was ridiculous. 

Evo should be a yelper's paradise. This is going to be a really hot spot for an after work happy hour when you don't feel like having a Corona and chips and salsa. It's also a fantastic spot for a date night. It's an awesome place for locals to come and unwind with a drink and some noshes.

There's a really comfy atmosphere and everyone that works there seems passionate and welcoming. I hope they keep it up after the "we're new" wears off. I wish this place all the success and I hope it's around for years to come. I'm definitely going to be back here lots. Had a wonderful time and a happy tummy.
Three words: New. Favorite. Restaurant.

Not even kidding. From atmosphere, to service, to food, this place sets the standard. From what the owner told us, everything is made in house and sourced locally whenever possible. The taste and quality of our food reflected this. 

We sampled something of each portion of the menu except the salads. We started with the bruschetta. It was phenomenal. Our entrees were a pepperoni pizza and the chicken over greens. They were both melt-in-your-mouth delicious. 

Desert was an artistic take on a s'more- a brownie with Nutella, marshmallow fluff and gram crackers. Sweet but not overly so- the perfect finish to the meal.

The absolute stand out to me, however, was the drink I had. Even if the food was terrible (which it obviously wasn't) I would come back just for the drink. Try the Blueberry Basil Lime Tonic. You wont regret it. They also keep a number of wines on tap- which is extra cool. Wine's on tap make sure your glass is aerated by the time it gets to you, it also significantly reduces waste.

This is surely going to become a hot spot. I don't see how it wont. Come try it while it's new, so you can get in before the crowding gets out of hand!
Nice looking dining room and wonderful food. Great service and and beer selections.
Great new restaurant with fun drinks, good food and reasonable prices.
Great ambiance, awesome appetizers, fantastic pizza, flawless customer service.
Evo has it all.
What was really nice and unexpected is that the owner visited our table and chatted with us for 15 minutes, asking for way to improve the service, the food and the feel of the place. He was very interested in what we had to say.
We have since eaten at Evo 2 more times and will go back many more.
So being in the industry its only natural to find a place for after a rough shift to eat REAL food and have REAL drinks.  Evo smacks it down pat!!!  GRRRRRRRRRREAT service, staff, drink and food!  I've just started to attend the late night post work sesh but I'm sold!!!  My new fav place to rave about and bring troves of people too!!!
I was recommended to go to EVO by a friend. So this Past Sunday I took my family there. Wow almost everything was amazing. Their food is bomb. Bruschetta with asparagus and beef loin was amazing. So goood that I order another one. Capresa salad was amazing as well. For my entrée I order the chile shrimp past. Im from Brazil and I love spicy food. But this one was away to spicy. But it was still good. If u dont like really spixy food stay way from this one. My wife had Alfredo with shrimp. It was bomb. Kids food was amazing as well. They dont have to much on their menu.. but u dont need quantities.. u definitely need quality and that my friend.. They HAVE.
Service wasnt all that.. but I didnt really care. Im in the industry and I understand that openning a restaurant is not easy.
Overall... I WILL BE BACK AND THIS IS ONE OF MY NEW FAVOR SPOTS TO HAVE DIN DIN ON SUNDAYS WITH THE FAMILY.
More like a 4 1/2.  Really enjoyed this place.  Nice bar and dining room.  Warm, casual, great staff, and nice ambience.  We sat at the bar first and had a couple of cocktails, a Ketel One up and a drink on their menu called the Sunset.  Both were well made and tasty.  We had the Funghi pizza and Heirloom tomato pasta as entrees, the brussel sprout and kale salad, the grilled bread and olive oil, and a couple wines by the glass.  Everything was well above average, seasoned well, and exactly what you want when dining out. Typically, pasta dishes can do you in because they are so heavy so I usually take some home.  In this case, I finished the whole dish because it was that good.  They have their own parking lot so the parking was a breeze.  Can't wait to go back,
Moved to Scottsdale 3 months ago-  have come across some great restaurants but finally gave in and created a yelp account to make sure EVO got the press they deserve. 

This spot is beautiful and the staff was off the chain.  Jason took care of us at the bar and knew the perfect balance between recommending worthy food/drinks and  giving us space to enjoy and take it all in.  The cocktails alone would make me come back-- but when our food came it just kept getting better.  

I love when restaurants have the "it factor" and this spot has just that.  The live music on Sunday night is exactly what people need to to wind down to over a beer before their work week starts again.  Atmosphere is simple, classy, sexy and relaxing.  Definitely a hidden gem.
I am surprised by other reviews as we found EVO a disappointment.  Poor service, food was nothing to brag about (except the EVO salad), and A/C was blowing straight down on our table.  Could not make a cappuccino and the mushroom risotto was strong with flavoring of balsamic vinegar.  Do not recommend.
Incredible job Evo!! The food is divine, I am in love with the brussel sprouts, which, by the way, I have NEVER liked. Presentation of food was grand, I also had a homemade pasta with chicken, AMAZING flavor, and I've tried the tenderloin brushetta, like, um 6 times. Addicting!! Reminds me a lot of the old Furio - trendy feel, warm inviting atmosphere, servers and bartenders that remember you AND your drinks, and just an all over outstanding restaurant and feel. Perfect for date nights, happy hour, group dinners, I love it!! They had live music last Sunday, acoustic amazing-ness lol. So many wines to choose from, I really liked the variety of reds. Fireball on tap!!!?? Wow, thats different and exciting for you whiskey drinkers!! Great spot, and if the rest of the menu is anything near as wonderful as what I've had, well - I can't wait to try it all!!!
Since this place has opened, I've pretty much become a permanent fixture at this place. I'm here at least 2-3 times a week for dinner and drinks, and considering I eat out every meal, it says a lot. 

The staff is a delight and the service is great. If you don't see something on the menu, just ask (I do this all the time and while I'm a pain with my "substitute this and add this" they have ALWAYS taken care of me without hassle). The owner is normally there, greeting  guests and asking for opinions and suggestions; THIS folks, is how more restaurants and bars should be operated. 

Few favorites: 
Bruschetta (I hate asparagus yet I won't pick it off of this dish)
Bolognese 
Steak...not your City Hall / Mastro's steak, but also half the price. With that being said, GOOD and juicy. 
Pizza...I prefer to "make my own", and again, they never say No.
Chocolate Torte - Flipping amazing
Those doughnut things....ugh mouth drooling....time to go eat....
Great new restaurant in Scottsdale! When you walk in, the vibe is sophisticated and warm. They have a full bar and full dining room, so no matter what - there is something for everyone. They specialize in Italian dishes with a twist and amazing cocktails. Our server, Jarness, recommended some cocktails - which we ordered. Over the course of dinner we had tried the Grapefruit Basil, Pit of Passion, and a spin on a Moscow Mule called the 'Monroe Mule' (which had a raspberry flavor to it). All of which, I would order again. 

On to dinner: We got the EVO Salad (which Jarness recommended) - which has kale, brussel sprouts and other yummy things. The salad was unlike any salad I've ever had. The kale and brussels were baked/broiled and mixed together. This was my favorite item I tried, and would order again.  We also ordered a Caprese salad and a Funghi pizza. The pizza was a perfect size to share (10"). We finished everything we ordered. 

In addition to a great dinner, they also offer a late night menu (kitchen closes at 1am) which offers a lot of the same items. 

The food was awesome, and I'm excited to come back to try new items! On a separate, but incredibly important note: The service was fantastic. Our server was knowledgeable, personable and really made us feel welcome. The owner was also present on the floor, and stopped by to see how our experience was. I can't wait to go back!
OMG this is a FANTASTIC spot! Amazing food and Brandon the bartender will definitely take good care of you. The EVO salad is clever and severely delicious. I ordered the chile shrimp tagliatelle and I bet any of the other housemade pastas are just as amazing. Definitely come here NOW!
Great atmosphere and attentive friendly service at the bar.  Had the kale brussel sprout salad -great flavors but a bit heavy on the sweet balsamic dressing.  Pasta was awesome - defintely a strong suit.  Had chile shrimp and also shrimp alfredo -both nicely light on sauce and perfectly prepared!  And staff was very open to our feedback -always a good sign if you're gonna make a go of it in this town!
EVO creates the perfect ambiance for a first date, family dinner or even guys who want to meet up for a beer and watch some sports.  Popular among the local service industry bartenders and servers in Old Town, EVO provides an elegant yet understated environment where all feel welcome.  
The food covers a wide array of light Italian fare, including house made meatballs, funghi pizza, and bolognese.  What is great about EVO is that it meets the needs of all; they offer a Happy Hour Menu from 4-7pm and a Late Night Menu after dinner until 1:30am nightly.  The owner, Nick Neuman, is a stand-up guy who treats customers and employees alike with respect, sincerity, and warmth.  He understands quality food while creating a setting that steers away from what some might call the snooty Scottsdale vibe.  I strongly recommend this restaurant, whether it be for a casual drink at the bar with friends or to celebrate a special occasion.  Come to EVO and you'll feel at home.
Evo is a new stop for me in old town Scottsdale! They have great happy hour and industry drinks. In my most recent visit I had the Weekly special which was a Lobster Rissotto. My favorite appetizers are the scallops, the Polpetinas (meatballs) and the charcuterrie board. You have to try the Evo salad! Its different than any salad I've ever tried and is definitely worth the trip.  I have frequented the establishment many times and have never been disappointed with the food or the drinks. The specialty cocktails are playful and fresh. I would recommend the Evo Maid or the Monroe Mule to start but I suggest trying them all. 

This is a great place for an after work drink as well as dinner with the family. The staff is knowledgeable and ready to please. The owner is always there making sure the guests are enjoying themselves.This is my new favorite restaurant. Well Done!
Food was amazing! Their pizzas are a knock out and so were their mixed drinks. They have some great selections on the drinks and craft beers as well. Atmosphere is very nice. Has that modern feel with some warmth and class. We will be back for sure!
I had a good experience, likely because of the great company... Anyway, EVO is just north of Indian School on Goldwater Blvd. The atmosphere is modern with subdued lighting. I started with the Scallops as an appetizer (decent), then I tried the NY Strip which was on the small side but well cooked and flavorful. The service was upbeat and prompt - I shall return.
"Drinks and atmosphere..all day.. food.. hmmm"

SO I really wanted to give this place at least 4 stars. It's more like 3.5, but not enough for me to round to 4. The service was great and the restaurant was cute and very sultry -- good for groups or a date, but the food didn't wow me.. and it hurt!

We arrived and were promptly seated. Our waiter was attentive and kept the bread and garlic infused oil (which was fantastic) coming after he realized our group was very hungry. We started with some apps -- risotto balls (on a meat sauce, boo) and the bruschetta. Which was okay. Then we ordered our entrees. I had the chile shrimp.. which was okay.. it seemed the shrimp was overcooked and the noodles a step before al dente (re: ultra firm/borderline crunchy). Most everyone had similar feels about the food just being okay.

So would I come back, yep.. with the focus on maybe pre-drinks or good times with friends. The place really did lend itself to that. Very modern decor and a warm space.
EVO is a fantastic new addition to Old Town.  It has taken the place of T. Roosevelt's, which was more than a disappointment.  The first thing of note was the great service.  The owner spoke with our table for a while when we arrived and stopped by the table a couple more times during our dinner, and our server was very attentive.  We were there during happy hour, and they definitely have a good one.  Drinks were cheap, and they have a good selection of happy hour menu items, and happy hour is from 4-7 7 days a week!   I ordered off the regular menu and had the pasta bolognese, and it was fantastic!  I am never one to pass up homemade pasta, and this did not disappoint.  Plus, it was very reasonably priced for a decent sized portion.  I also tasted a friend's arancini (fried risotto balls) and my boyfriend's mushroom risotto, both of which were excellent.  The only reason that I am not giving 5 stars-- I wish I could give 4 and a half-- was the noise level.  I was with a group of 6, and we were sitting at a round table, but I had trouble hearing even the person sitting next to me once the place got busy.  That will definitely not keep me from going back though!  Overall, I had a great experience there and am happy to welcome EVO to my neighborhood.
Very cute place! They serve a full menu until around 1:30. MUST TRY the EVO salad. Crispy brussel sprouts and kale combo, goat cheese and balsamic drizzle. WOW, I'm going back for that!!

The rest of the food was good, but not outstanding. The staff was friendly, and they have some awesome hand crafted cocktails.
Good food, service and atmosphere. If i lived here this would be our hot spot.
Lots of great modern Italian dishes, great service and a cool atmosphere.  Nice date place for a fun night a little off the beaten path but still close enough to Scottsdale nightlife to walk.

I had drinks and dinner.  Bartender suggested wines for us and let us try some to decide what we wanted.  Band that played after dinner and was really good.  Was there on a Sunday night.  I think they have entertainment Fri, Sat and Sun after dinnertime.
I went here on a double date this past Saturday night. I had called earlier in the day and made a reservation for 4 people at 6 pm. When we got there they had us down for 3 people at 7 pm. Whatever, no big deal, it was basically empty anyways! We loved the atmosphere, the booths were comfortable, and the decor was modern and interesting. Our server was super cute, knowledgable, and friendly but a bit over bearing. She'd ask if we were ready to order, we asked for more time, and she would literally circle the restaurant, come right back and ask again. Drinks took f-o-r-e-v-e-r and one time the wrong drink was brought BUT, they were all delish! We started with the bruschetta and some risotto balls. Bruschetta was mediocre, but the risotto balls were really tasty. My husband and I split the funghi pizza and the chili shrimp pasta for dinner. Both were OK. The pasta itself in the chili shrimp pasta was really good, really tasted like it was homemade and it was cooked perfectly. It wasn't very spicy though (which surprised me as other reviews said to watch out for the spice!). The funghi pizza was really a disappointment but maybe I'm not being fair as I recently had the funghi pizza at the Parlor and it was amazing! For dessert we tried the chocolate torte - tasted like a chocolate mousse, good but not amazing. The Zeppolini - undercooked! When we bit into it it turned to mush. And we were a table full of Italians who have had some good italian donuts so this was a disappointment. And we tried the gelato as well - just tasted like vanilla ice cream. SO, overall, "meh. I've experienced better". I think this place has potential, most of what we ate was on the cusp of being memorable but, unfortunately, was just not there yet. Would I go back? Sure, if there was an event of something already planned there I wouldn't be upset about going back, but we won't be going back voluntarily.
Wonderful food !! Great place for dinner or drinks ! I will be back !!!
Excellent service and good food
The happy hour was pretty money, we ordered the pepperoni pizza, Alfredo pasta and the cheese and meat plate. We definitely were pleased with all three dishes, in fact I demolished the pizza within 5 minutes. We really enjoyed the pasta, which definitely tasted homemade but I cannot confirm nor deny that. Finally the cheese and meat board was very tasty, but I thought was a tad over priced for the small portions. Regardless it was very pleasant and I would definitely eat at EVO again. 

The design of the restaurant was very unique as well. One large skylight and glass wall made the atmosphere very inviting.
I think I need to try EVO again...The prices are great and for happy hour even better.  They have lots of things that look good on the menu (italian-ish menu).  All the cocktails my group had were fabulous.  The grilled brushetta is delicious, but nothing special..more traditional style, but yummy. The pizzas we had were pretty burnt and in general they just were not good.  That is what made it 3 stars for me...usually even bad pizza is kind of good.  I feel like I need to come back and try more things; many of the dishes that went by looked and smelled appetizing.  The service was outstanding, and EVO subscribes to the whole local, fresh ingredient thing which I commend.
Came to EVO last night on an exploratory mission to visit a new spot in town. Walking in we really liked the lay out of the restaurant with the bar separated from the dining room and the decor was cool and cozy with the hanging candles from the ceiling.

My girlfriend and I went for happy hour and the selection was pretty good. Lots of wines on tap for $5 and the signature cocktails are $6. What we particularly enjoyed were the arancini (fried risotto with meat sauce) and the charcuterie plate (not on happy hour - but well worth it).

We were a little less impressed with the bruschetta (when you've had Postino's bruschetta board, its hard for anything else to measure up) and the pizza was alright, nothing to write home about.  

Our service was great from Jaime, so that made the experience a positive one as well. All in all, I want to come back to EVO for dinner and try the entrees to see how it measures up in that department. But for now I'd recommend them for happy hour if you're in the area and looking for something new.
EVO is absolutely amazing!! The ambiance is gorgeous and the food is outstanding. All of the staff is very knowledgable and professional. I will definitely be going back!
One of my new favorite places in old town.  We went here because we had a restraints.com gift certificate.  We went for happy hour.  The prices were reasonable and the food was excellent. My friend and I split the crab bruschetta, veggi sandwich and a chocolate mouse cake.  They were each above expectations.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The decor was very nice.  A+ Evo!!!
Visited EVO last night in company with our Meet-Up group, Educating Wine Lovers in Arizona.  Nick, EVO's owner, and his crew of servers couldn't have been more lovely and welcoming to the group.  We were set up by our group's leader for a wine tasting of EVO's wine on tap plus appetizers.  We learned a lot about wine on tap thanks to Nick---it's really *better* in a lot of ways than bottled!  And although I am a red wine drinker, I had a lovely little Coppola Pinot Grigio that I think might become my "before sundown" beverage of choice!  We also had some wonderful appys---two different bruchettas---a tasty tomato-basil and then this to-die-for one with rare slices of beef tenderloin and slices of asparagus---so good!  The bruchettas were followed by pizzas---Funghi and a Gorgonzola "white" pizza.  The mushrooms on the Funghi were roasted and the flavors just burst in your mouth.  The chef had added a touch of honey to the Gorgonzola pizza, that really took it to another level.  Now, I don't really like pizza---it's the crust and red sauce, mostly, so I tend to fork off the toppings to enjoy.  But DH, he is formerly from NJ and is the self-proclaimed pizza expert, said the hearth baked pizza crusts were light and crispy and perfect.  The expert speaks!  And the ambiance of the whole place was so nice and relaxing and fun and the staff was so great---we can't wait to go back.  DH wants to try some of their other pizzas or the Bistecca, while I am torn by the Scallop dish or I so love a well-done risotto as well...  Well, that's obviously at least two more visits!  It's probably just as well EVO is almost 30 minutes from our house or we'd probably park ourselves on their doorstep several nights a week!  Thanks, everyone at EVO, for a great evening!
Great menu. The scallops were amazing. Meatballs were great too. Fresh high quality ingredients.  Service was great.
This place seems to be cursed. No restaurants ever make it here long-term. However, the ambiance is very pleasant, with rustic, yet modern decor throughout. The food was above average but not great. With few Italian options in the old town area, I would return here again.
Food was ok, nothing to write home about.  I don't think I'll go back.  I didn't like the way the tables were set in the middle of the room.  Something seems to be missing and empty as if they did not finish decorating.
Came here with a restaurant.com certificate and it was great. I ordered a salad, wine, meatball appetizer, and pasta with a friend. It was good food. The service was great. The place is definitely a happening one and is busy. It was very nice and I will be back again.
The food and service was amazing! Such fun drinks and the best salad - get the EVO salad it has kale and brussels sprouts and it was sooo delicious. One of my girlfriends had the pasta bolognese and it was to die for so I will definitely be back to sample up some more yummy food!
I went to EVO for Happy Hour, and this place was awesome. One of the better places I have gone for Happy Hour to in a long time. From the gorgeous greeters to the helpful bartenders I thoroughly enjoyed my visit. 

Ambiance.
This place is bigger than expected. They have a restaurant section, and then a bar with booths and a nice open "loungier" area by the windows. Very nice for mingle activities. I was only here a Friday for Happy Hour, it will be really interesting to see how it develops into the wee hours of the night, and how the clientele changes.

Drinks
They have a decent Happy Hour menu that I was very tempted by, but I had dinner reservations so I kept my HH all wet. This being said, they have stuff like Nitro Milk Stout from Left Hand Brewing Company and that is awesome in itself. Nice selection of wine too.

I will definitely come back to EVO.. as soon as possible!!!
Love getting off work and being able to have a good glass of wine and food! Love this late night spot! Food till 1:30!!!!
Had a great time for a Saturday happy hour at EVO's 4pm to 7pm.  Seating anywhere in restaurant.  

Brusheta with Crab, Vegetable Sandwich, fried risotto balls, Steak sandwich were all very good and range in price from $5 to $8 (steak sandwich).  If you didn't want the french fries you could opt for their sides, of salad, or 4 other picks.  

The drinks were reasonably priced draft or bottled beer $3, premium well $4, glass of wine $5 (good size pour).  A good time was had by all.
Finally, it seems that this location is taking off.  It was amazing how dead it was when we visited the prior restaurant in this location, despite the good food.  However, Evo has amp'd up the atmosphere, maintained the good service, and produced some tasty food.  Thus, the place was hoppin' on a Friday evening and for a change, it was hard to find a parking spot in the lot on this visit.   So it was not the hard-to-find location that was the problem with the previous tenants...

Tony was our server, and he was excellent.  Very personable and helpful.  We started with the scallops, which were flavorful and good sized.  My wife enjoyed her chicken entree, and my lobster risotto, though it appeared small in size at first, was actually very filling and well prepared.  They had a pretty good selection of drinks, and we also liked the bread that accompanied our appetizers.   

Nice ambiance, great makeover to the space, friendly service, and good food.  We'll be back!
I went to an event here for being Yelp Elite and it was wonderful! I took my sister since she always is wondering what being Yelp Elite is all about. We arrived got a sweet rose from a cute flowershop in town &  free drinks and were seated with some of my other yelp elite friends. We were told that Yelp/ EVO would comp all of our meals/drinks as long as it was under $50 per person. I could not believe how generous Yelp/EVO was to us.  She had a few glasses of pinot grigio and I had a few Four Peaks Peach Ale drafts. For an appetizer we shared the EVO salad and the Scallops dish. I wish they gave more than 3 scallops but everything was DELICIOUS! The EVO salad was a "warm" salad. It contained brussel sprouts, crunchy kale, feta, pine nuts, and balsamic vinaigrette. It was tasty but I would recommend some dried cranberries for flavor. Our friends ordered the meatballs and they looked yummy.  For our meals we had the Lobster Risotto and my sister had the Chili shrimp pasta dish. Both were filling & fantastic! A major highlight of the night was the medium/palm reader that was there! She really was on point besides one little thing - saying I would be getting married in 2014(even though as of now I am single... so I don't know if that will pan out but hey ya never know right?! ). The EVO staff was wonderful and great! They went above and beyond to make this a memorable experience. Our Community manager Lindsey does an amazing job planning these awesome events. I felt so spoiled at this one and really appreciate EVO and Yelp's kindness.
i hope this location in old town does well. based on the quality of food and drink, it should stay a while. 

the ambiance and setting are cozy, rustic, contemporary...kind of the general theme lately, but not stuffy or too Scottsdale-y. the general clientele seemed a good mix of demographic. 

we started off with a chile spice shrimp brushetta. the bread was toasted perfectly and the shrimp were nice and crisp, warm...not chewy....with a hint of heat. they didn't skimp on the shrimp either! i chose the lobster risotto for my entree. if i was as rich, i'd be living on the north side of camelback mtn! it was smooth, creamy, decadent...full of lobster chunks and shreds. i had to mentally slow myself down from just shoveling the entree it was that freaking good! i ordered a side of slivered asparagus and i do love asparagus. they were cooked al dente style, but were a bit heavy on the salt for my palate (but i did eat them all). the wife and i split the chocolate torte...with nutella and marshmallow fluff. it too was super rich...excellently delicious. so good, we tried another desert, the zeppolini....4 mini donuts with berry dipping sauce. my favorite of the two. it was sweet, but i think had salt sprinkles? so it was the classic tasty combo of sweet and salty! all in one bite!

the wife had the salmon dish and her salmon was expertly cooked and oh so tasty. 

for drinks, wine...lots of it. each glass better than the next. i sampled several cocktails: the pink rose of texas, the cantaloupe tini, and the Pit of passion. all well mixed. you could sense the alcohol without it overpowering the drink. none of them were so sweet as to leave you needing a glass of water afterwards. they were all expertly mixed and presented. 

our waiter was super friendly and gregarious, even though the night was really busy. he confided it was his 3rd day on the job, and he did a great job taking care of us. our water glasses stayed full the entire night!

great new venue and all very reasonably priced. their happy hour menu offered several of their menu items for half price. i hope we can come back!
Our waiter described Evo as Italian with a fancy flare. I don't usually choose Italian restaurants but this one would definitely get a repeat visit from me! They have an impressive wine list, many available by the glass, and their cocktails are also stellar. I sampled the ones my husband ordered and they were delicious! 

We started with a featured app of shrimp bruschetta. The shrimp had a nice chili oil drizzled on top and the bread was crispy but not over-cooked.

I ordered the salmon which came on top of pearl couscous and a side of brussel sprout leaves, which turned out to be actual brussel sprouts. The salmon was cooked wonderfully and the couscous appeared to be a mixure of wheat/white pearls with red pepper.
 
My husband ordered the lobster risotto, to which I kept stealing bites of! We finished off the evening with the chocolate torte dessert and the zeppolini doughnuts. The torte was dense and rich and sort of fun and playful since it came with nutella sauce and marshmellow with crispy almonds. The doughnuts were a bit savory with a sweet berry dipping sauce. Both were phenomenal. 

Our server had a great attitude and a great smile. Our water glasses were kept full all night....awww it's like they knew me. 

Their happy hour menu looks amazing by the way!!!! Great food options for $5, beer for $3, wine and well specials.
Solid late night food, solid service, good tv's.

We stopped in for a bite.. Bartenders could not have been nicer. Informative and seemed like regular guys.

Tried a pasta and pizza.. Both came out hot and tasty.

I will go back to check out the happy hour...
The hostess offered us a friendly escort to our table for two in the corner where we were able to view the entire restaurant. The ambiance is very laid back, but warm with the fun sound of an acoustic guitarist playing the background. Tony, our awesome waiter, was quick to greet us and go over the menu with us since it was mine and the hubby's first trip here. We settled on drinks (I got a glass of Sexual Chocolate ($14) a deliciously fine blend of Zin and Syrah) and started with the Scallop Di EVO ($14), which was cooked to perfection, at least in my unprofessional opinion. The three large scallops came in a scrumptious butter sage sauce garnished with chopped up granny smith apples that just tickled my taste buds. The appetizer was devoured quickly, but we didn't have to wait long for our entrees.

I ordered the Lobster Risotto ($22) which didn't include much Lobster and the risotto needed a little help, but I know cooking Risotto can be a challenge. The hubster ordered the Roasted Chicken ($19) and enjoyed his (so did I), but we made sure to leave room for dessert. I debated between the Chocolate Torte ($6) and the Zeppolini ($6) for about five minutes and finally committed to the Zeppolini (they are small italian doughnuts) which came in a tart raspberry sauce to counter the sugary goodness of the Zeppolini (but I think I would have preferred it without the sauce or at least have it on the side).

It was a great night and we will be back. We want to try the pizza and if the other servers are anything like Tony, we will be coming back just for that aspect.
Had my birthday dinner here during restaurant week.  Evo was able to accommodate our group of 14 with no problem.

When we sat down at the table, I noticed that they had personalized the menus and wrote "Happy Birthday Mimi" at the top of each menu!  I ordered off the restaurant week menu and had the scallops, lobster risotto, and chocolate torte.  All the food was delicious.

We wanted to go to smashboxx after dinner which was about a mile away.  Our server asked the manager if he could help us out and he called and had golf carts there in less than 5 minutes to take us to Smashboxx.  

Great service, great food, and great ambiance.  I will definitely be back!
Went in for just drinks w a large party. Staff was welcoming and they attended to us well.  There was a time lag but that's expected with separate tabs in a large party (20-ish). Great atmosphere. 

Prices are typical for Scottsdale. 

No reverse happy hour - this isn't a big deal to me, except that advertise that they do have it. Or at least they did at the time of our visit. They also charge $2 for ice! If you order a rocks drink - expect a stiff charge w your stuff drink.
I went to EVO in Old Town  a few times this past weekend and had a great experience!  This restaurant has a combination of excellent food, extremely friendly staff, great wine/cocktail/beer selection, and a really nice fun vibe and ambiance.  

In terms of specifics my favorite appetizer was the Polpettina which is delicious meatballs served with garlic bread and tomato sauce.  They definitely don't skimp on the meatballs, and the meat was tender, perfectly cooked, and the tomato sauce and garlic bread were delicious.  The Bruschetta was also really good and it's topped with Beef Tenderloin and asparagus, and again the meat was both cooked very well and it was a very generous amount of beef.

The pizza here is also quite good.  I tried two over the past few days, the Pepperoni and the Funghi.  I love pepperoni pizza in general and this one was just done very well and it's the perfect size for either a smaller meal, or to split.  The Funghi pizza was really tasty and in a little added twist the hostess suggested adding some goat cheese to it along with the mozzeralla and that was a great addition.

The only entree I tried was the Bistecca which was a very good New York Strip with gorgonzola cheese .  The meat came out exactly as I ordered and the brussel sprouts were really good (and I'm a bit of a brussel sprout snob).

I spent most of my time at the bar and enjoyed the wines on tap, along with a very unique and creative cocktail menu.  My favorite cocktail was the El Sugararo which is both delicious and has a nice spicy bite to it.  Everyone that I saw try it really liked it.  The bartenders are all extremely friendly and fun and make you feel at home.  

Overall a great experience and a very well run new restaurant!
(Lyrics - Imagine Dragons - Radioactive)

I'm ordering up shots and drinks
I wipe my mouth as I eat the crust (pizza crust)

I'm breathing in the aromatics
I'm dining in, reviewing it, then checking out on the foodie bus

This is it, the EVO atmosphere
Yum!

I'm eating up, I taste it in my mouth
Enough to make my systems blow
Welcome to the EVO, to the EVO
Welcome to the EVO, to the EVO
Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh, it's EVO Scottsdale, EVO Scottsdale
Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh, it's EVO Scottsdale, EVO Scottsdale

EVO is located in a location where all the restaurants appear......then disappears.  This is not a joke.  I reviewed several restaurants in that location and none is around.  Now comes EVO.  

EVO serves up modern American Italian cuisine. I've heard so much about this place so my foodie friends and I finally convened and went for it.  I did some sharing after a free fireball shot after you check-in with the Yelp App.  Whooo...now my breath smells fresh haha!  My buddy and I ordered the Margarita pizza and added sausage and the EVO salad.  The pizza was okay, kind of tasted like pre-made dough.  The ingredients a top was nothing spectacular.  The EVO salad was my favorite.  Nicely charred kale and brussel sprouts and the pine nuts gave it that extra roast and crunch.  The aroma was nutty and a woody smell.  Overall, one of the best salads I say around!  

Service was good and the place itself is really chill and cool.  If anything another round of drinks and the EVO salad is a must. - Enjoy!
I couldn't decide between 3 stars and 4 stars...  so here is the breakdown and you can decide.....

The good:
1.  Excellent service by the wait staff.
2.  Reasonably priced.
3.  Great decor.
4.  Not crazy loud-- you can hear your dinner conversation.
5.  Takes reservations.

The bad:
1.  Limited menu options.
2.  Execution of food wasn't great, but not bad.

I would go back, but I can't imagine myself saying, "Wow, I am craving EVO!" anytime soon...
I came here for a special dinner with my family and boyfriend. I have no complaints about this restaurant. The location is easy to find, the food was really yummy and not too expensive. We ordered bruschetta, pasta, pizza, salads, and sandwiches and our entire party liked everything we got.

The waitress was very attentive and nice. We also checked in and got two 1cent Fireball shots which was a little awkward with my 50-something parents there but it was still awesome! 

One thing to keep in mind is that most of the restaurant is taken up by a bar and it caters to a younger, hipper crowd. The lighting was very dark and my parents and aunt were whipping out their phones to try and read the menu x). Anyway, I'd definitely come back but my parents would probably prefer somewhere with brighter lighting.
I adore this place! The food is always fresh, the cocktail & wine selection is amazing, the decor is romantic yet playful and the service is always on par. The happy hour is one of my favorite in Old Town. A must try!!!
This place was delicious. Perfect date night location and service was great. Definitely coming back! EVO salad with shrimp, fried risotto balls, and mini donuts for desert...yum.
Cannot beat their happy hour! Delicious Italianish food and a great drink menu!  The energy is upbeat and they serve food until 1:30am! No more late night jack in the box binges! :) 

We went on a Sunday and got to enjoy love music and half off bottles of wine! Needless to say I will be back!
Fun atmosphere and good food, overall.   Not a "can't miss" type place, but solid.
Be sure to check in to get a fireball shot for just a penny!

Went here on Halloween to try it out and was very pleased with the food. I ordered the bolognese and before I knew it I had scraped my plate clean. My girlfriend had the fried kale salad and loved it but her pears tasted a bit like cleaning product which the server attributed to mixing with balsamic and whatever else was in the salad. It didn't change the flavor of the salad, just a bit confusing when eating the pears within it.

I can't wait to go back and try the pizza, it looked extremely delicious!
Ah EVO, the ball was dropped for me this weekend. I came into the restaurant on Friday for a dinner with a bunch of friends, and maybe my expectations were a little too high. 

The previous few times I've come in for happy hour in the bar and everything has been great - from the apps to the service. The bar has always been great. However, this particular night, the food was lacking and the service was spotty...at best.

From the time we sat down, there was easily a 15 minute wait before anyone came to the table to greet the party and take a drink order - let alone bring water to the group. It took so long that my buddy and I went to the bar to get drinks for us and our lady friends (plus the 1 cent shot of Fireball upon using your Yelp check-in). When the drinks went dry, lo-and-behold, the server never came by asking to get in a drink order from us, so again we went to the bar. Only this time, the server fervently came up and asked, "hey have I not been to the table enough? Is that why you guys are coming up and ordering from the bar?" Uhhh - yeah, that would be an accurate assessment of the situation, glad you caught it when we were AT THE BAR ordering drinks.

As someone who worked in the service industry for 7 years, on the floor and behind the bar, I don't ever think there would be a situation where asking a guest why they're ordering from the bar instead of the server would be appropriate (maybe from a Management standpoint - but not from the server). And if your inclination is because you haven't been attentive enough to the table, maybe the intuition you have regarding the situation is the correct one. 

The food reviews were mixed as the apps and salads were good, but the entrees of pasta that myself and my girlfriend had were lacking in flavor. The spicy shrimp pasta was extremely oily and unappetizing. The service on the floor was poor, especially considering it was a Friday night, and the restaurant was not that busy for the latter part of the evening. The bar service was on point per usual which is why I still have given the restaurant 3 stars. 

I realize this review is lengthy, and if you've made it this far down, congrats. However, quality and attentive service in a restaurant is of paramount importance. In many cases, it can even make up for a poorly executed entree experience. Friday night, it just wasn't there on the dining room floor. I'll come back to EVO for happy hour, but for dinner, I'm not quite so sure.
I went here with a couple friends for happy hour at 5pm on a Wednesday and was pleased with the atmosphere, crowd, food but not so much the service. Its a trendy and slightly upscale place and was perfect for stopping by after a long day at work for some food and drinks. It could also be a good date night spot. We ordered off the HH menu the shrimp brushetta, Funghi Pizza, and Steak Sandwich. They were all very flavorful and well priced. Unfortunately I was driving so I didn't have anything to drink but I will say that all draft and bottled beers were $3 and their Signature Drinks were only $6 and looked amazing!  

Once we were seated by our hostess we spent a lot of time waiting around for our waitress. We were seated in the bar area and even though there were very few people in the restaurant everything from our drinks to our food seemed to take way to long (20-30min). Our waitress wasn't at all attentive or at all friendly and would disappear every times we needed something. 

Overall, the food and drinks for HH were good and I would return because of that and pray we get better service our next visit:)
Staff is friendly and food is pretty good.  Will def be back!
We returned for a Saturday night happy hr and sat at the bar. Both my husband and I were commenting on how the ambience has a nice warm feel to it. A coziness, if you would. Our bartender was very friendly and both of us got wine on tap for $5. Wine on tap you ask? Oh yes, and it was goooood. 
Their food selection for HH includes a few pizzas, which looked and smelled great, and a couple other small plates. We were just in for a quick drink so we'll have to sample something next time. I think we need to start coming here more often!
Had a great first experience there, the staff was polite and attentive.  The food was prepared great and portions I felt were just right. Plus they have my favorite dessert on the menu, the Adult Float :)
This is a great old town restaurant with a cool vibe and a house playlist in the background. More of a "classic" menu unlike all the cookie cutter Fox concept newspaper menu BS in all necks of the woods. 
We had a larger table and a couple of our dishes were subpar, but for the most part it was good enough and a pretty fun spot to kick start the evening.
Great location and parking. Attentive staff. Very cute great place for date or small gatherings. Food high-quality, deliciously prepared, balanced and well executed.
Great homemade pasta and ambiance. I highly recommend. Try the Chili Shrimp or the happy hour pizza for $7.00 is amazing
Great food, super service.  We came in, sat down, and staff told us they had two large parties, but they would be good to us and they were.  A little bread while we waited, and yummy cocktails.  Then appetizers to die for-try the arancini!  

So much food, we barely could split a pizza. Thin crust, freshly made, I was only sorry I was too full to try the pasta.   We stumbled into the place in the rain, but we will be back!
We had a good experience here.  The ambiance was great, and the servers were very friendly and attentive.  Our only complaint was that the lobster risotto was VERY bland, and for a $24 dish, we expected a bit more.  However, the penny shots of Fireball, thanks to out Yelp checkin, more than made up for it.  Overall, I'd give EVO a .
Wine on tap? I think that's an automatic 5 stars. Went to EVO for a mid-week happy hour and was not in the least disappointed. We sat at the bar for drinks and snacks and could not have been more content with the experience.

The happy hour menu is slightly short on the edible choices for a vegetarian, but they happily made the arancini with marinara instead of meat sauce and were totally cool with splitting a pizza half meat/half veg. Our bartender was so sweet and accommodating, we even got 2 rounds of pretty addicting ciabatta and olive oil as we wrapped up our second glass of beverages. I love that the red wine is served lightly chilled, just the way I like it!

Though in a rather inconspicuous location that has been somewhat of a revolving door for restaurants in the past year or so, I truly hope EVO breaks the streak and stays for good. The low-lighting, speakeasy atmosphere is romantic and laid back at the same time. The crowd is energizing without being invasive. And being only 2 miles away, I hope to become more of a regular before EVO becomes too trendy in Old Town :)
Want to support this local innovative restaurant.  Started out at the bar while waiting for our friend.  Fabulous bartender offered up sample of blueberry vodka.  We tried several of their creative drinks which were delicious.  Would definitely go back for Happy Hour.  Once we were sat with our friends for dinner, the service was not as attentive.  The server also seemed inexperienced and didn't handle our order properly.  The EVO salad was fantastic.  We tried the salmon dish, the lobster risotto and the steak. The dinner was not very exciting.  We will go back for Happy Hour and hope that they tweak their dinner menu and service.
'Decided to try one of the newest dining spots in Old Town Scottsdale and am sure glad about it.

The location, ambiance, food  and service were all outstanding.

We were skeptical to try the draft wine,  but thoroughly enjoyed it...a Cab/Sauv/Syrah blend by Coppola - very good although we let it sit a bit before drinking since it was served colder than a red should be.  Nonetheless, we still had a great meal.

Be sure to try the EVO salad - very different and oh so delicious!

We will definitely return to Evo's and spread the word!
Wow! I had high expectations for Evo, and they were surpassed this afternoon! The atmosphere is delightful, and both food and service were amazing! The Evo Salad, Chili Shrimp Pasta, Gorgonzola Pizza, desserts and cocktails were spectacular! I can't wait to go back and am recommending this restaurant to all friends and family!
Great new addition to Old Town Scottsdale!  We stopped in for dinner last Saturday night and had a great experience.  The atmosphere is comfortable and laid back, the service was great and the food was reasonably priced and quite tasty.  We enjoyed the arancini and meatballs to start followed by the lobster risotto and capellini for our entrees.  It was great that they offered their happy hour menu in the dining room as well...total bonus!

We visited some of the other restaurants in the space prior and really hope that this one makes it...I think they've got it right!
Amazing food, great atmosphere and of course the amazing and beautiful Jessie to serve you your food and libations.  Who could ask for more?!?!
out of 5 stars I give it a 505!!!
We ended up looking for dinner later than expected (cough10pmcough) and realized that our options were few.  Someone at our hotel recommended that we check out EVO, and I'm so glad they did!
We started out with the gorgonzola pizza, which was awesome and came out quickly. From that we moved on to two of the housemade pastas, the fettuccine and the heirloom tomato, I believe. Everything was great. The dishes all shared a certain richness, but none were heavy. Everything was very satisfying. I'll definitely be back!
We had a great early dinner at Evo. The ambiance was very relaxing, nice atmosphere. The pizza was great and don't forget to check in and get your check in special! Justin was especially friendly and very attentive. We are planning to get back there soon!
Went here for Happy Hour. Decent wines for reduced prices. The lobster Risotto was pretty good. The lobster was a little chewy and it was not broken into small pieces. Overall a good dish and nice place. I would try a diff dish if I was ever back at Evo
This place is truly a 3.5. The decor is nice, the wait staff very attentive, and atmosphere    modern. The food and drinks are all good and fairly creative. 

I will say that the EVO salad is probably the most unusual salad I have ever eaten. The kale and Brussel sprouts were fried crisp so the salad is warm. I definitely recommend, if you like trying something unique. It's worth the adventure. 

The chili shrimp pasta was good, it just didn't wow us. Overall I have no complaints about the restaurant at all. They Yelp fireball shot is a great perk. I would go back again just can't quite give it 4 stars.
ok food drink are great
It was good... Not amazing but good.
we came back here for their happy hour specials last night. arrived at 6pm and self-seated at the bar. waited about 10 minutes, grabbed our own menus. i was getting a little peeved at having to wait for a drink. as my buddy James says "if i don't have a drink in my hand within 3 minutes, i'm outta here". 

luckily, we were approached shortly thereafter by a server. when we ordered 2 reds off their tap, my heart sank when he said they were out of reds on tap. we were supposed to be meeting a few other folks, so i immediately jumped on yelp to find other wine bar happy hours. meanwhile, the wife tells our server it's her birthday and the only reason we came to evo was for the wine happy hour. 

in his most pleasant voice, our server says "let me see what i can do". he returned in a few minutes with 2 pinot noirs on happy hour prices. and the remainder of the evening, he was quite possibly the sweetest, nicest server we've ever had. AND....evo must consistently hire these folks because our previous 2 visits, we experienced the same sincere and great food/drink service. 

i hate i don't remember his name, but i should stop by and commend him to his manager. 

we ordered a few more glasses and a funghi flatbread which was absolutely delicious by the way. 

again, discount my initial frustration....evo is simply a great place.
Great atmosphere and decor..a welcome change from the chains and anchor restaurants in the area that all feel the same. My wife could not stop raving about the EVO salad so safe to recommend that along with my Caesar. Only slight complaint is how fast our food came... Would've have liked things slowed down a bit more since the place is so inviting. We will be back.
The happy hour specials are great!  We love coming here to try the hand crafted cocktails - they're so good, and food is yummy as well.  I definitely recommend this place for a chill night out.
What a wonderful surprise! Evo has great food, service and ambience. We just dropped in after shopping at the nearby Fashion Square for happy hour. We had the mushroom pizza and the kale salad. Best salad ever! Don't miss out on this great new restaurant.
Amazing food. The service was terrific and the good was innovative.
I am looking forward to go back!
We went here for New Years tonight and it was such a disappointment. When I called to make the reservation the woman on the phone actually asked me if my party could be done eating by 8 because they had another party. Still went, based on reviews and the menu we were pumped to try some place new. When we arrived we learned it was a select menu that only had 3 options for each section and they were not necessarily the best options, nothing to do with Italian food except one pasta dish. My pasta along with others rice pilaf was in need of seasoning and my pasta has lobster in it that you had a hard time tasting. Those in my party that had the lamb chop said it was great but very very rare. Atmosphere is nice and intimate. It was a shame, if they had their whole menu available we might have found a reason to come back, but everyone in my party agreed next time this place is a pass.
There was a set menu for New Year's Eve. I had the lobster pasta and it was pretty mediocre. For the money there is a long list of other old tons spots if go to.
Let's support local restaurants, not chains.   
Came here last night to celebrate my birthday.  I originally reserved for 24 people at 7:30, a few other people showed up, unexpectedly.      Nick, the owner, was very accommodating to my extra guests.   The whole staff did an amazing job servicing my whole party.   Being in the restaurant industry years ago, I know how complicated it is to cater a large party, on top of that-the restaurant itself was busy.   Food was excellent, wait staff was very courteous, lots of smiles, good times, and decor is cute cute cute.^_^  
One of my guest said that she loved her red wine, which came from a keg-chilled.   I was slightly disappointed that they didn't offer braised Rabbit Bolognese, which i had when the restaurant first opened.  So i opt to choose the Bolognese with meatballs, every bite was orgasmic, and hearty.    The sauce was tangy which I love. I also tried their Lobster Risotto.  Risotto was cooked perfectly, the consistency of the texture sauce was spot on.  There was other great feedbacks.  

I'm glad to have shared this unique Italia experience in Scottsdale with my friends.
Cam here for happy hour, which they have every day!! Great selection, tried a few different items and was not disappointed with anything, all very fresh tasting. They have a great drink selection as well and lots of fun drinks that taste natural and not super fake surgery like a lot of places. Can't wait to go back!
While I was in Phoenix for a project, I frequently worked late nights. As such, my dining options were extremely limited. Enter Evo. Initially introduced to Evo by a friend of mine, I started coming here more and more as I stayed in the Old Town area to escape the Hi-Fi Kitchen douchebaggery.

This place attracts a lot of the service industry crowd at night and is a great place to relax and enjoy a nice glass of Bell's Two-Hearted Ale, which is on tap. Additionally along with other beers on tap, they also have wine, Fernet Branca (yes!) and Fireball on tap. And...maybe they still have bottles of SLO Down's Sexual Chocolate, which is a luscious Syrah blend...

I've never sat at the tables, but I've received excellent service from Jason and Jessy and the rest of the staff seated at the sometimes crowded bar. Nick recognized me from frequent visits, introduced himself to me, and always took time to welcome me on my return visits.

I've met some great locals here, had great drinks (see above Bell's THA and Fernet reference), and had great food. Food-wise, my favorites were the Pasta Bolognese, Scallop di Evo, and the Evo Salad w/ Scallops (see photo). Unfortunately I didn't try any of the other dishes.

As an homage, after working in the Phoenix/Tempe area and traveling back-and-forth for the better part of 2 years and 8 months, this was where I drank away my final night with friends.

As someone who travels close to 100% of the time, it's always awesome to find a "home" away from home. And this place certainly fits the bill.
Was really looking forward to trying this place after reading the awesome reviews. I must say I was a little disappointed. 
We sat at the bar and I must start by say that the bartenders were friendly, attentive and made a good drink. 
We started with the tenderloin bruschetta which was rather disappointing, the "tenderloin" was not like any tenderloin I have ever had, I ended up spitting out more than I could chew due to all the fat and gristle. 
For entrees we tried the lobster risotto and the New York strip dinners. First off, very overpriced and mediocre flavors to both. And I believe this is the only place I have ever been where your dinner does not come with a soup or salad to start until I came to Evo. $32 for New York strip dinner and $24 for the Lobster risotto I though was a little much for what you get. 
3 stars only due to the cleanliness and service.
Heard a lot about this place and it was just average.  Nothing stood out, there's so many great restaurants in scottsdale I don't see myself going back
Whether you're looking for a light Italian meal before a night of clubbing, or just want to check out some late-night bite offerings in Old Town Scottsdale, EVO is a recently opened spot worth checking out. I saw a packed house when I went there for some pre-local show grub on a recent Friday night.

The restaurant is just how I like it -- dim lighting with candlelit tables, along with an expansive bar serving up tasty cocktails amid the pretty people crowd. The cocktails (all $10) are strong and infused with fresh ingredients. I loved the Grapefruit Basil, infused with fresh basil.

For dinner, my pal and I sampled so many of the delicious offerings. Let's start with the Risotto Balls ($5). They usually come in a meat sauce, but we got ours vegetarian. It's fried risotto in a tomato sauce -- every bite was scrumptious, and it's a perfect portion to share as an appetizer.

We also shared the Evo Salad ($10), with Brussels sprouts, kale, pear, and pine nuts -- again, we made ours vegetarian and skipped the pancetta. I never in my life would eat Brussels sprouts willingly, but this salad had me dipping my fork in again and again. I loved the crispy texture, and now, at least at EVO, I'm a Brussels sprouts fan.

We dug into the Caprese salad ($10), which, compared to some of my faves around the Valley, stacked up just fine. Again, this is a great light appetizer before hitting the town.

Finally, we noshed on a Margherita pizza ($11), one that almost rivaled what I've had at my favorite Valley pizza place, Cibo. Everything at EVO just tasted super-fresh and handmade, and with impeccable service, the experience was delightful.

One of the coolest things about EVO is that it's open late-night, which has been a hit with the Old Town Scottsdale service industry looking to wind down. The spot's late night menu is served until 1:30 a.m. every night, and Sunday's would also be a fun night to go, since there is live music and half-off bottles of wine all night.
I went to EVO for the first time on New Year's Eve with 6 friends. They had a prefix menu for $45 that also came with a class of bubbly. All the dishes we had were amazing both health and for the meat lover. Our waitress could have been a little nicer she seemed like we were putting her out of her way and wasn't enjoying the evening. The vibes were cool and comfortable and very relaxed!
Nice late-night destination, and a far quieter and more peaceful alternative to Mabel's. 

Good appetizer menu with ok prices. Comfortable surroundings. Cool clientele. 

I'll be back
My husband and I went here for the first time last night. We sat at the bar and had drinks before our dinner reservation. The bar tenders were so friendly, and very knowledgable. The happy hour specials from 4-7 daily are awesome. The "sunrise" bourbon drink is delish. I had the chile shrimp pasta for dinner and it was amazing! The red sauce was light, and the pasta was very fresh. My husband had the salmon and was very pleased. We also shared the roasted brussel sprouts - a great addition to our meals. We will definitely go back!
Put on your most expensive dark wash jeans and pay homage to "so Scottsdale" at EVO, in all the best ways.

The name, combined with the upscale-casual, verging-on-tacky-but-still-posh vibes you sense upon entry should immediately tip you off. This place is Scottsdale as fuhhh, but then, the hip music selection and chic booths ease you into it, and you're like, "yeah. I can dig this."

Fast forward four and a half minutes: you're ordering bruschetta of the day (ours had pea shoots and crab), kale salad (complete with crispy brussels sprouts, pear, goat cheese, and pine nuts), and trendy thin crust pizzas. You're sipping something bubbly. Life is good. 

Finish the experience full force and hop in your BMW, head back to NoSco, and watch Orange is the New Black on Tivo. Doze off peacefully on your Tempurpedic, memories of good times at EVO floating through your perfect little head.
If it wasnt for the dog in the bar I would have given it a 5

I have been here before but this sunday for lunch a guy came in carrying his dog, thankfully the bar tender said the dog couldnt run around.  However i dont feel comfortable about a doggy being IN the restaurant/bar.  Sorry gross.
On a positive note..EVO salad is amazing.  Grapefruit basil drink is so good.
evo salad was awesome... Waiter was really nice and explained the menu for us, recommended some really good pastas, the cocktails were amazing.  it was a friday night and was incredibly busy so we had to sit at the bar.  make sure to make reservations! check in and you get a fireball shot!!
This is by far my favorite place to hang out and eat in Old Town. The staff is amazing, the Evo Salad is unbelievable and the pasta is terrific! 

Love love love Evo!
My husband and I had a wonderful dinner tonight at EVO. The food is SOLID and did not disappoint. The staff is friendly and prompt.  Would highly recommend.
Had a great lunch today at EVO with my 3 daughters.  Chelsie was our server and she did an amazing job!
Awesome meatballs and wedding soup. My new spot. Chelsea is great and Nick the owner has a passion for excellence!! Get in here. You won't be disappointed!! And they're about to expand their patio??? Major score!
Once again the food is AMAZING, the atmosphere AWESOME, and the BEAUTIFUL Jessie delivers exceptional service! I really love this place!
Saturday night at EVO was busy and loud with amazing people watching.  Interesting name, as no EVO in sight. Beet salad was good, not great. EVO salad (Brussels sprouts, fried kale) very good. Arancia (coated, fried risotto) good.  Pork belly app terrific. Pork belly risotto very tasty, but could have used more meat.  (Same risotto, by the way, as the risotto app, so no need to get both.) spicy shrimp pasta tasty, nice burn.  At 50, we clearly were 20-25 older than virtually every other diner.  Interesting place with interesting but not out standing food.  Good but not excellent service. Reasonable pricing. Too loud to be able to sit at a big table and engage in conversation.
You know when you get to the end of a dish and you're sad to eat that last bite that it's time to write a Yelp review.  EVO is SERIOUSLY delish. What are a few of my favorite things?  There is a reason that everyone raves about the EVO Salad- it sounds a little bizarre when you hear "flash fried brussel sprouts," but trust me, do NOT miss this one.  It is the perfect combo of crispy and smooth, sweet and salty, hard to describe, but absolutely spot on.  I love the Gorgonzola Pizza just as much, I actually just ate my last piece as a late night snack and was wishing that I had saved a few more slices!  If you like thin crust and  blue cheese, this is for you, the honey drizzled on top really makes the dish.  Finally, I always get the Chocolate Torte, it's a chocolately, marshmellowy, deconstructed little number with a bit of crunch to keep it interesting.  Bottom line, you will love the food at this place, and the ambiance is beautiful as well.
Amazing food and amazing drinks. They are open all the time and all the bartenders are super amazing! I love their signature drinks! Every staff member is phenomenal! Hell I'm here every night almost and I even send my clientele to them! A must visit!
For the price point of this restaurant along with the location, there are much better options around this area.

I had the EVO salad for my appetizer, which was amazingly delicious.  I enjoyed every bite of it.  For my entree, I ordered the vegetable risotto.  The risotto tasted like Uncle Ben's white rice.  It was overcooked, mushy, and watery with absolutely no flavor.  When I complained to the server, the response was "We get that it's bland a lot."  With no apology or offer to talk to the manager.  

The service was just okay.  Our server seemed to only have three tables, but rarely checked on us.

If I returned to EVO, it would be for just the EVO Salad.
We loved the pizza.  Everything here is tasty.  Parking is easy right by the front door or around back.  Go check out the happy hour; good deals and well priced.
One of the only places open late night. Quiet atmosphere, friendly staff. Had the pork belly. Kind of on the dry side but the bacon sauce made up for that. Great kale, chèvre and Brussels sprout salad and ended with the bolognese pasta with meatballs.  Excellent dish.  Must try. Overall great experience and definitely will go back to try other dishes.
We had a wonderful meal at EVO. The service was great, I enjoyed my drink (Cantaloupe Tiny) and ambiance. I had the EVO salad and ate every bite. Roasting the kale and Brussels sprouts brings out their flavor and adding goat cheese just rounded it perfectly. I had the pork belly risotto and it wasn't watery or flavorless. It was probably on the salty side but I like salty so it wasn't a problem for me, it was very good. My husband had the pasta Alfredo and enjoyed it as well. For desserts they were out of the tiramisu so we ordered the zeppolini and they were delicious. Our waiter even brought me a little side of Nutella.  They have a parking lot which is a huge plus, not having to go around looking were to park. We'll certainly come back.
Singlehandedly, the worst experience of my entire life. 
I have never, ever had this bad of an experience. Do not, whatever, you do, patronize this place. The owner has absolutely no clue what he is doing. Did you ever see that Amy's Baking Co. on Kitchen Nightmares? This place is right up there with that.
I went in there on Saturday February 23rd as I was in the area and had dinner plans with friends and got a menu. It looked good so I called back an hour later to see about resverations. The girl said they were booked for a private party from 6-8 but to come in around 7:30 and sit at the bar and then we would get seated at 8 or shortly after. We waited and waited and finally said we would just eat at the bar at 9. They said we could not order food; only cokctails at this point. I told them what I had been told by the person on the phone and I said to not worry we were leaving anyway. They insisted we wait for the owner who came over and said he was sorry about the confusion and here was his card. What the deuce? I just waited 15 minutes for some dude to come over and give me his card? We had just spent-and I am not kidding- $100 on drinks at that point as one person in our group drinks very spendy vodka. This owner dude did not offer us any anything, nothing, for the huge inconvenience we had incurred. Jeez, cheap ass, just comp a round of drinks! We are not a group who goes around looking for free stuff-all of us can freely spend on going out..it was just the fact that this owner was so damn cheap he wouldn't even offer anything. 
Yuck. I will never go back ever. The bartender was so embarrassed, too. I felt sorry for him. 
bottom line...STAY AWAY.
Horrible risotto balls. No flavor at all. Sevice was sterile. 

Dead flowers on the table. Why?

Pizza was odd tasting and chewy. 

All the good table were open and they said they were all "reserved". Lame to say that to a customer at 4:30pm on a Friday. By the time we left, all those tables were still open. 

This earned them a 1 star. You have to learn how to treat people!!
Evo is a neat Italian influenced restaurant in the heart of old town. I felt a comfy, vibrant and cozy vibe dining here last time. There is also a twist of modern decor. Staff is extremely friendly.

The Arancini which is a fried risotto ball with meat sauce is a greater starter to any meal. Love the meat sauce. But the highly recommended starter or entree is the Evo salad. Brussel sprouts, kale, Bosc pear, chèvre, pancetta, pine nuts in a sweet reduced balsamic is extraordinary. I still have dreams about this salad - which means I need to come back very soon!

I read that the wine is on tap in another review. Didn't try the last time I was there! Really looking forward to the salad, a pasta dish (since it is all homemade) or pizza and wine on tap for my next visit!
Without a doubt best new restaurant in old town. Late night food, great service, amazing atmosphere! What more can you ask for! Ask for Jessie she is great!
I love the atmosphere here! It's a great place to grab a drink and the staff is friendly and helpful.

I recently went here for an event so I got to try a couple different menu items. The EVO salad is good for something different, but pretty rich. I really liked their pizza- it was simple and delicious.
Had a paint nite event here, our waiter during the event was Nick & he was great. The entire staff is extremely friendly & the service was amazing. After the event we stayed for dinner. Jarness was our server, he let us know of the shrimp bruschetta special. The selection of wine was great, I enjoyed a nice glass of Rosenblum Zinfindale with the lamb chops paired with blue cheese risotto & brussel sprouts. Everything was amazing & I'll be back!
Due to reviews from yelp we discovered the location after 10pm and ordered their Arancini (fried risotto ball with meat sauce), and Italian wedding soup (homemade meatballs-fregola-arugula), and the EVO Salad (Brussels sprout, kale, Bosc pear, chèvre, pancetta, balsamic,pine nuts). The food was spectacular in flavor and taste. Their service was okay. The location was pleasing and cool.

We would return...
This place is awesome!  Six of us sat at the bar and chatted with the owner and bartenders...what a great group of guys.  Couldn't have asked for a better dining experience.  EVO  is the real deal -- amazing food, creative cocktails, hospitable service, all in a chic and trendy atmosphere.  You will not be disappointed!  LOVE, LOVE this place!!
The atmosphere was quaint but cozy and comfortable.  Food was AMAZING!  The kale salad was off the hook..would definitely go back.
This place is adorable! I love the candles hanging in the middle of the restaurant and the wall of mirrors creating such a unique atmosphere. For lunch I tried the kale salad which had amazing flavor, and my friend tried the pasta which was also incredibly delicious! Add to your list of places to check out, you will be happy your did!
I will start off with the positives. The building itself, location, and decor felt warm and trendy. It had a very "cool" feel to it. 

The drinks were tasty but the amount of alcohal you got for the price didnt quite match on some of the cocktails. They are not very good at making modifications to the dinner items and they ran out of some of the stuff on the menu that night which seemed odd. The service was also very slow and sloppy in terms of knowing who ordered what and which drink had what alcohol in it. We had to do taste tests thanks to the waiter not knowing what he even had in his hands. 

Overall, I was there with a larger party and the food was good for some and bad for others. The service was average and all over the place. 3 stars sounds about right.
First of all, the service here is great.  Our server had a fun personality, the hostess was very friendly, and the manager seemed kind as well.

The ambiance is very nice as well, though I feel really bad for whoever has to light all those candles.  There are A LOT of them.

Unfortunately the food wasn't great.  The bruschetta we had was literally shrimp on bread, and both my steak sandwich and my date's pizza were just OK.  

It took probably 30 minutes for our entrees to come out.  Maybe they were short-staffed that night, and maybe other nights the food is better, but what we experienced wasn't as good as we hoped it would be.
So we walk up to the place around 545pm, there's a sign out that says happy hour 4-7pm amongst other hour information, and the girl looks up at us and says, "we're not open".  At first we think she's kidding, but no, apparently not.  No explanation, no nothing.  So after a moment of awkward silence we turn around and look for another establishment in Old Town Scottsdale that will take our money, and hopefully is actually open for business when all signs seem to point to yes.  

Rude!
I have had mostly good experiences at EVO and one that was very disappointing.

On several occasions, we have enjoyed either happy hour or dinner. The food is tasty and I appreciate the vegetarian options. Most of the time, the service is good. The one time exception that I have not been able to push from my memory was for a friend's birthday party. We were a party of 14 and from the beginning, the night was a mess. It took 20 minutes for our server to greet us and take our drink orders (without much of an apology.) I ordered the vegetable risotto which came out 30 minutes after everyone had received their food. I essentially ate by myself and when the house manager came over to make amends, he gave two other people refills on their drinks. It was very strange and while I have not experienced anything like that since, it bumped EVO down on my list.
This place is extremely trendy and awesomeness....Jason and Chelsea was really awesome! We all had a great a really good time!
Jason is a great bartender! The best ever. He's awesomeness :)!!!! He's fast and kind and really cool
We were not greeted for at least 4 min despite the server making eye contact much earlier.  Once she acknowledged us she immediately suggested the bar.  We preferred a table so she sat us at a high top.  I asked for suggestions which she made some great ones.  She gave us water and told us our server would come. Someone else finally came much later apparently he was not supposed to be our server. From the time we were sat till we got our drinks took about 20min. 

Fireballs - for a penny with check in were fairly large.  
German Riesling - can't go wrong!
Caprese salad - fresh and tasty
Alfredo - great taste. Would have been excellent with more sauce. 
Pepperoni Pizza - was very good 

Food was great we finished every bite.  They lose a star because of the service. However the other server Jarness redeemed our experience.
I will say that this is my first restaurant in Scottsdale, so my rating can not be comparative. I can tell you that the staff are excellent. They were friendly , accommodating and whenever I see a restaurant with teamwork I know it is run well. I loved the menu and they had a fair amount of gluten free options. I personally just thought the food was fair. And because it is a restaurant, it has to bring the rating down a bit. They were excessive on sauces and the steak was not great. All in all, I enjoyed it but would choose something different next time.
It's tough to write a review when our experience hosted both top-notch AND crappy aspects. So, 3/5 it is.

I called Saturday midday to reserve a birthday party table for 8 and they happily set it up for that night. When we got there, they had printed "Happy Birthday, Stephanie!" at the top of the menus...nice touch! We also checked in on Yelp for .1c fireball shots. Great way to start off the evening. We immediately got a round of wine and cocktails while we perused the menu. They had a $6 wine of the night, and it was really good.

Unfortunately, it went downhill QUICK. Our server was nice enough when at the table, but neglected to come around...hardly at all. We weren't ready right away, so asked for a few minutes with the menus....we waited so long for her to come back that we ended up getting the hostess to send someone over. By that time, all our drinks were dry, and everyone was starving. So, we placed our orders, and waited. 
and waited.
and waited.
then a salad came out....so that girl sat with her dinner in front of her for another 10 minutes while the rest of us waited on our hot food.
It wasn't that busy, and I am typically very lenient on high-volume kitchens, but this was really out of control. The wait wouldn't have been so bad if we didn't have to hunt someone down for every water refill or new cocktail. We finally got our food after 50 minutes, and (you guessed it) one of the pizzas was wrong...unfortunately it wasn't a situation where she could just deal with it due to allergies. The pizza was remade but didn't come out until everyone else was finished. Awkward.

The manager came over and was very chipper, but didn't offer to do anything to make it better. Another round of .1c shots or a 'comped pizza would have gone a long way.

The icing on the missing birthday cake was just that--all evening there were bday desserts being delivered, with candles, sometimes with a song. Our server just dropped the check and walked away. We almost just dismissed it, but we could tell the bday girl was disappointed so, again, someone went to talk to the hostess. Eventually the server brought out a complimentary dessert, but without a candle, and with an evident side of grudge. It was just such a damper on what had started out so well. 

I will go back some time and see if another server offers a better experience--the vibe of the place is definitely cool and I like the location a lot.
I really enjoyed this restaurant for a friend's birthday celebration.  The best part was the cheap Fireball shots with the check-in deal.  Also the food was very good!  But whiskey is my weakness...
The risotto was really good. Been to many places where it isn't done correctly. They did it right. It's noisy which doesn't bother me but just an FYI.. We really  had good service by a waitress named Taylor. Menu isn't very lengthy which I personally like but there were no specials.
I came here with two other gals to celebrate my coworker's big 2-9. She'd heard good things about EVO and scooped up a Local Dines deal so we were ready and excited to try the place out.

We walked in a tad late (sorry!) for our 8:00 reso on a Saturday night. The place wasn't PACKED, but had a healthy amount of tables. A bachelorette party, a large birthday gathering, a few couples at two-tops and a few other girl groups filled about half the dining room.

Service was a little confused at first. I'm not sure if they have sections or if one server was in the weeds or what, but we had both a guy and girl start off greeting us, then the girl took our drink order, then the guy came back for our drink order. It was figured out though, and we perused the short and sweet menu. We looked at the appetizer section but they all seemed a little too heavy. In other reviews it seems like they got bread/olive oil before their meals came? We didn't get that.

I opted for the vegetable risotto, which was completely delicious. It wasn't a bogged down risotto (I mean, it was as "light" as a risotto can be), with ample amounts of veggies dispersed throughout the dish. It was perfect for spring. The two other girls I was with got the Alfredo with chicken, which also didn't look too heavy or drowning in white sauce either. That's a nice touch with Italian food.

I felt like our server wanted to strangle us when we ordered a 2nd bottle of bubbly--maybe that's just my years of service industry talking but it just seemed like she didn't. wanna. be there. Hey, we were celebrating a birthday! When we were ready to leave, splitting the check and putting on the Local Dines deal was no problem, so that was nice.

All in all, I'd definitely go back to EVO; the food was really delicious. I just won't go RUNNING back.
went in to evo last night to for the first time with my girlfriend, they had awesome live music and 1/2 off bottles of wine. very awesome find!
Just ok....
I've been here twice so far... once for happy hour and once during regular dinner time. The happy hour was really good (the cheese bread was surprisingly DELICIOUS, better than the pizza actually) and great pricing for what you get. We checked in to get the complimentary Fireball shots which ended up being pretty smart on their part because everyone in our party continued to drink, haha.

During dinner, I had the EVO salad and the bolognese pasta. My two friends really loved the salad but it was a bit too balsamic-y for my taste. I would have liked a little bit more of another flavor to balance out. The bolognese though was fantastic (how can you mess up my favorite food though). I would definitely recommend.
One of my favorite spots to go with my gf Alex for the happy hour wines and awesome cocktails. 

Menu is fantastic, literally everything is made fresh in-house from dough to yucca chips. You have to try the pizzas, chicken sandwich, or bruschetta.. But for dessert you HAVE to get the zeppolini's (Italian donut-holes). UNREAL. Made fresh in-house, lightly dusted with sugar and cinnamon, and when you pull them apart they steam... Then you dunk them in the chilled, house-made vanilla bean frosting.. and, ugh. It's just so damn good.
A great happy hour spot in Scottsdale. Really good specials that go until 7:00 pm. They have $3 beers, $4 well drinks, $5 wines and $6 cocktails. 

My go-to menu items have become the fried risotto balls (so good!) and the pizza. I've tried the Funghi Pizza - it's pretty good even though I hate mushrooms. They also have a regular pepperoni pizza on their happy hour menu. Their bruschetta changes daily and is hit or miss - the first time I ordered it, it was great. The second time... not so much. The handmade pasta is good too. 

Overall a great value - I'll definitely be back.
This place was really great! Plus, if you check in on Yelp, you get a penny shot! :)
I am not usually one to write a review for yelp. However, I was so very impressed with my experience at EVO last night I felt motivated to share. After getting off work late, (around 10pm) I was looking for a place I could eat late that wasn't typical bar food. My boyfriend recommended EVO saying it was good food and friendly service. This was an understatement. Upon arriving, I was pleased with the atmosphere. Hip, with good music, where you could still easily enjoy conversation. We sat at a beautiful bar with smiling bartenders who handed us menus without being asked and helped me find a wine I enjoyed. We were then greeted by the Chef, Chops, who knew my boyfriend but was meeting me for the first time. I was so impressed by his enthusiasm for the food and his warm, welcoming demeanor, just a great guy! He recommended a few plates including the Charcuterie, Broccoli, and EVO Salad. I was starved and could not wait to eat but was not prepared for the awesome amount of food placed in front of us. The Charcuterie was HUGE and had an incredible assortment of flavors, including a number of new surprises. The Broccoli, also a large portion, transformed a simple vegetable into an awesome meal. The EVO salad was full of new flavors as well and will become a staple for me at EVO. Overall, our experience was such that I can not wait to return, try more of the menu, and enjoy great service. Nicely Done EVO!
Came here for happy hour and enjoyed the daily bruschetta (which had some pork butter that was very awesome and savory to the point where I would take the corners/pieces of the bread that had no pork butter and dip it back on the plate for the fallen drips of pork butter!), funghi pizza with various roasted mushrooms, pecorino cheese and mozzarella and sauce, and the BB&T cocktail out on the patio. The waiter was a very happy-go-lucky and hilarious guy! Had a great time and will come back again!
After going to 5th and Wine and having them close at way early, we decided to come to Evo.  My girl has never been there, and she only somewhat trusts my judgment in food... (If you look at the other things I have reviewed... you would understand why.. Pranksters Too and Los Betos... I like easy and cheap.. when it comes to food... not girls.)

Walking into Evo, the atmosphere is a laid back place where people from all walks of life can go hang out... as long as you have a little cash, because it is a little on the pricey side.  God, I am making my self sound like a broke ass.... but for good reason... I am... so there is that.  Anyways... We sat down at the corner of the bar, and I tried to order Coors from the draft... and they are OUT!  Who runs out of Coors?  I guess places that take a little pride in their beer selection.  So I order a peach beer... and they are OUT again!  What is going on....

This is where the night changed.  The bartender, Jessie (I think), and my girl are quickly becoming BFFs and I am stuck there with like... no beer.  Jessie (we will just call her that either way) apologizes then then I tell her to just bring me any beer.  I am not picky... I drink Coors... how can I be?  So what happens next is key to my experience.  Jessie brings out a fantastic beer.  Something a little light, but flavorful, and something with a more class than Coors Banquet or Miller High Life.  

By now... I am completely the third wheel to Jessie and my girl, which is ok because we ordered Porkbelly, and Jessie brought out some bread to munch on.  The bread was good with the oil and whatever else they put in the oil.. It could be herbs, it could be leaves from the ground outside... either way, it was good.

The porkbelly was quite sizable, and it had a bacon syrup around it.  So... now basically, my girl is now "Jessie's Girl", and yes... this is an appropriate time to sing that song.  And the food is better at giving orgasms to everyone than I am... so... I am now like 5th wheel to the 4some that is Booze, Porkbelly, Jessie, and Jessie's girl.  

If there is anything to learn from this... Learn that if you want an entertaining time, with good beer, and great food and even better service, go to Evo.  I don't know how it is on a weekend before midnight, but as far as a fun place to go on a Monday night with someone you really like, Evo is a very good option.
I've been twice and had good food both times (despite only ordering off the happy hour menu). I plan on going once more and trying out their pasta because everything else has been so good. 

Ambiance is more relaxed than most places in the surrounding area (less of a sports bar vibe) and it feels a bit more upscale, despite having good prices. I would recommend it to others.
Happy hour time (4-7pm)! How could you not refuse good food and service?! Here's the quick low down. Bruschetta: beef butter, asparagus, and some dried sweet fruits/raisins of some sort (special of the day). Pizza: Funghi (mushrooms). Chicken sandwich (with chips). Cocktails! ;) Party in my mouth!
If you have a large group & want to be loud this is a perfect spot to go. Nick the owner is extremely professional & accommodating to all your needs. You must order the Burrata & bolognese pasta! The group of 14 I was with all loved their food. Great location in old town Scottsdale & fun inviting atmosphere. Look forward to future visits.
We came here last year after evo opened and had a great experience. We remembered the food and service were very good.  So we went again last weekend expecting to have another good dining experience but we were disappointed.  I started with the italian wedding soup which was pretty good. Then I had roasted chicken for entree and when she brought it out I was so surprised.. there were 2 very small cuts of the chicken breast and one tiny drumstick, with a few potatoes and tomatoes.   For $17, I was expecting a reasonable sized portion..and its not like chicken is an expensive meat where you expect to get a tiny portion. My friend got the pork belly risotto and she got a big bowl of risotto. Since that was heavy andd rich, I would have thought it would make sense to have a smaller portion of that instead.  
The service was disappointing.  The waitress didnt come back to check with us after the food came out. It would have been nice to order another glass of wine. When we were finished she gave us the check and didnt even ask how the food was or say  thanks for coming in.  Unfortunately I wont be coming back here.
I went here for dinner and the food was AWESOME! I had the chicken and my man had the steak, and we were both very happy with our meals. Try the BB & T if you like vodka tonics, it's a nice twist on the traditional drink. Shout out to our waitress Jessie, she was friendly and fast!
Great food (always) 
Knowledgable/friendly staff
Super cheap happy hour deals 
Try the specialty drinks- you won't be disappointed 

My favorite thing on the menu is the cheese and meat board. It's different every time and a fun thing to eat amongst friends. 

I have nothing bad to say about this place.
We come here at least once a week and always satisfied with the drink concoctions and amazing food
The charcuterie was expansive but with an odd selection that was uncomplimentary to eachother. Do not order the calamari! Rubbery, fishy, lacking in flavor. The heirloom tomato and bolognese pastas were very average but of good portion sizes. The pork belly risotto had very over cooked pork belly unproportionaly small to the amount of risotto. The only above average dish was the langasto pasta which didn't feel worth the price. Clearly, most of the yelp reviews are from drunk Scottsdale club-goers.
This review is overdue. I booked dinner here for my birthday after enjoying the bar on my first visit. 

The service was great, and they took the time to personalize the menus at the table with my name and the occasion, which was an incredible, thoughtful, beautiful touch. (I posted a picture). 

I had the lobster risotto, which was great. Huge chucks of lobster and creamy, perfect risotto. 

I love the cocktails here. My idea of a perfect bar is once where you can tell the bartender I like drinks that are [insert whatever description you like], so make something and surprise me. The staff behind the bar at EVO can do just that and hit the nail on the head. 

You can't go wrong here, great spot for drinks or dinner or both. And a lovely place to celebrate an event.
Fantastic dinner - grilled calamari surprised us (didn't notice on the menu it wasn't your normal fried recipe) but it was absolutely great. Tenderloin bruschetta was incredible too. For meal my wife and I split chile shrimp dish - and the waitress brought out on two dishes -- great touch - and it was really good. Just stuck to the house cab wine - was solid. Overall fantastic experience. Restaurant was very noisy - but no problems for us (good for others to know). Service was great -- waitress and several helpers were always checking on us.
The EVO salad and handmade pastas are totally legit. Industry nights on Sundays are always packed and good times.
Very disappointed. The last time my boyfriend and I were here we had the Evo salad and the bolognese and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. Tonight's dinner was different however. Not only was the kale overcooked on the salad but the homemade pasta was stiff and lacking in flavor. I have been raving about this place and the Evo salad all week but tonight was definitely a let down. We were served our entrees before we even finished our salad and ordered a bottle of wine which we intended to have with our dinner but it too came out before we had even finished our before dinner cocktails. Not sure we will be back.
About a month ago, I arrived during Happy Hour time and sat at the bar. The bartender was in the process of making a drink only to find out it was the wrong one that someone else had ordered and set it aside.... I ordered the 
Grapefruit Basil Martini about 10 min. later and low and behold, guess which drink he handed me..... yep, the one pushed to the side.  Really can't believe he did that knowing I was sitting there when the mistake occurred and that I overheard everything. Thanks, I'll pass... So, I ordered something else only to get Half a drink in a small squatty goblet type glass they use. Needless to say, not a great start.

I ordered the caesar salad... The dressing seemed really "light" or possibly watered down... the flavor was almost non-existent.  Next, ordered the Heirloom Tomato pasta.... That was very good, however, it was described as cappellini and it was actually a wider pasta like fettuccine.
The red-headed server was extremely friendly! She made out first impression (since it was our first time there) great! The bruschetta was amazing!!!! Loved it! The portions for the entrees weren't very large but just enough to fill myself... Without the appetizer we would have still been hungry. Cheers!
The food and drinks were actually really good!  The service was sub-par.  The "manager" was clearly intoxicated and flirted with our table of girls.  It took almost 45 minutes to pay for our bill...not sure why!
Great atmosphere. Everything else was so-so.
Great atmosphere. Great food-- arancini balls, evo salad, all the pastas.  The only thing is pass on is that pizza, but that's just because the pasta is so amazing!! Great drinks as well. Can't wait to go back.
This place is no longer a hidden gem, but more like a neighborhood favorite! Nick and Chops have some amazing creativity and the hospitality is second to none.  The goat cheese and pancetta  pizza is fantastic!
5 stars. This place is delicious. Incredible food, yummy drinks and low key atmosphere. 

I'd recommend the bruschetta to start. The beef tenderloin mixed with the truffle oil and asparagus is so yummy. 

I had the Italian wedding soup and it was incredibly tasty. The meatballs were full of flavor! 

Can't wait to go back and try the handmade pastas.
This place is so swanky and everything tastes so good.  Love the kale salad (it's not as raw as it sounds).  Miss Jessie is a great bartender I recommend requesting her!
I'm in love. Evo's got a good thing going here, and if you haven't been yet then you need to go! Chef Chops cooked my girl friends and I such an amazing feast. 

We began with the most beautiful charcuterie board, with cheeses, meats, spreads, and a bunch of yummy pickled items. Then we moved on to a delicious creamy burrata appetizer, followed by some arancini (fried risotto balls with a meat sauce), and house meatballs in a red sauce. 

In between all these carbs and heavy-ish items, we sampled a beet salad as well as a broccoli stalk prepared with some pine nuts and I think a lemon sauce. 

We also shared the fungi pizza, the roasted chicken entree, and one of the pasta dishes which sadly I can't remember the name of. Honestly everything was so good, there was nothing I didn't like. You can tell the staff has pride in their jobs and their products. Our server was a doll too. 

If you check in on yelp you get a shot of Fireball for a penny. Which is awesome.
I was lucky enough to head along to one of the "launch" parties of this new bar.

I like the layout and the decor, it's a pretty upmarket place but out of the way enough that I hope the riff raff will be kept out. 

I mostly had several glasses of wine to drink and the house red pretty solid all told. I was impressed. I also tried several shots of cocktails including one with popping candy and one black russian style one. We also had a Charlie Chaplain one in a tea cup which was quite quaint! I didn't spot that many good beers so might stick to wine for the moment when I'm there.

Food wise they had herring so they obviously have excellent taste. The burgers looked good and I'll have to come back and have a go at the menu. 

They seemingly have a speakeasy style club downstairs which is only accessable if you know the password - this might make it slightly awesome..... Or just full of dickheads. I guess I'll have to go find out!
Really cool place to come for a drink on a sat night without feeling like the oldest person in the bar! They had a fabulous live band on sat night playing a mix of country (everyone loves a bit of Johnny Cash), rock and indie. Thoroughly enjoyed bopping away, tequila slammer in hand (then mouth). Sampled quite a few cocktails and pre made shots....All in the name of yelp of course. Tasty, fruity, alcoholic. Nuff said. 

Would def go back to the main bar but the after hours bit below was too small with no dance floor. Pointless really. 

Nice toilets. Important! Need to try it during the day to see what the food is like.
A oh-so-swish and swanky bar in the West End, serving unusual cocktails under chandeliers, surrounded by suited business folk on a Wednesday evening.

Angels Share is a beautiful new bar, with  more chandeliers than I could count, a piano in the bar (I didn't hear it played) and booths, high seats, and a club next door. On a Wednesday evening it was pleasantly half full but not busy. The bar man was incredibly courteous and very attentive. I ordered, paid, then he brought the drinks over. I really liked that touch; not sure if it would extend to a busy Friday night.

The cocktail - the Flower of Scotland - was really quite delicious. Champagne with Edinburgh raspberry gin, and a real flower on top (mine was a pansy). It was a good serving too, not in flute, but in a real champagne glass. Totally reasonable for a cocktail in this part of town, at £7.50. The other one that caught my eye was Haud Yer Wheest! which was made with peaty whisky and ginger. Oh yes.

I haven't been on a Friday or Saturday night, but knowing the area I imagine it's not somewhere I personally will want to go on a Friday or Saturday night. This is no fault of the bar, just the area and general mood and ambiance. Very busy, full of suited folk and folk who like to dress up and aren't always the friendliest drinking neighbours.

But on a mid-week evening it is the perfect spot to pop in for a cheeky, delectable cocktail. I've yet to try the food (also curious). And I won't knock it before I've tried it, so I will pop in here at the weekend to see what it's like. But so far, I do like the cocktails on a Wednesday evening, and the very courteous barman who served me!
I thought I'd update my review of Angel's Share as I popped in last night for some drinkies and ended up staggering out after having 2 bottles of wine (shared)!! A bottle of wine for a tenner Mon to Thurs - do it! Really good value.

And... as i was rather tipsy I decided to go for the steak burger & cheese which was lovely. A warning for anyone like me who doesn't like sauce though  - it was smothered in tomato sauce (or relish they called it). The waiter who came over to check how I was enjoying the food could see I was struggling with the sauce - I just really hate tomato sauce & i don't understand why they wouldn't put this on the side as an option?!? Anyway he insisted on changing it for me which was nice as there wasn't anything technically wrong with the burger. Apparently it says it comes with relish on the menu but I honestly hadn't expected it to come IN the burger already. Small issue though as they fixed it.

Home-made fries were hot & salty - yum
Burger was home-made, crumbly and cooked to perfection
Onion Rings were surprisingly light with a tempura batter
The brioche roll was a nice touch, kind of looked like a bagel without a hole and the sweetness and softness of the bread worked really well (much better than a ciabatta roll which is very heavy and filling).

Would go back for more food!
Lots of glitz and glamour yes, it looks nice yes...but the service was abysmal. Be interested to know if others had the same experience but I have to say I wont be rushing back anytime soon.

Almost warm prosecco from their 'other fridge' was a not a winner!
I've read some mixed reviews about this place so I wanted to try it for myself. K & I decided to try their lunch offer. 2 course lunch & a cocktail for £15 through 5pm.co.uk. We both had the pink gin fizz cocktail which was lovely. It was a generous serving in a tall glass with fresh raspberries muddled through it. So good we ordered a second!
Food wise, I had the mussels in a Bloody Mary sauce to start. It was a generous serving of very plump mussels with some crusty bread to mop up the sauce. K had the bruschetta. It was a generous portion too & we scoffed the lot. For main I tried the salmon served with herb couscous & K had the chicken stuffed with haggis. Both portions were a decent size & full of flavour. I'd definitely go back. 
The service was good too. We were through in the restaurant rather than the bar area so next time I'll try the bar & see how it compares.
This bar/restaurant/hotel is in a great location just off the West end of Princes Street. I visited a few times when it was The Hudson and it was OK but in desperate need of a refurb and a good clean.

I went to the opening night of the Angels Share a few months ago and was very impressed with what I saw. It looks lovely inside now and I got to try a few canapés that definitely left me wanting more. So last week I returned and took my auntie there as she was visiting Edinburgh and I met her on my lunch break.

It was pretty quiet but the staff were very lovely and friendly. I chose the macaroni cheese with salted beef and it was absolutely delicious. Served in the wee pot it was cooked in was torture as I had to wait for it to cool down a bit. The cheese sauce was delicious and very, very rich. There were little chunks of salted beef throughout the dish and this was cooked to perfection. I couldn't fault the dish.

Now I just can't wait to go back and try something else!
A delightful place on the edge of New Town.  Easy walking distance to everything in Edinburgh.  Recently renovated and the rooms are ideal.  The bus from the airport drops you off across the street and picks you up at the corner.  Perfect.  The rooms were clean and decorated with British Actor themes. Bed was ultra comfy.  Bathroom was brand new and very modern. Internet was crucial and this hotel had it.  Very charming staff that took care of our every need.  I would recommend this place to anyone going to Edinburgh.  It was awesome!
I was slighly dubious about this change from the Hudson Wine Bar as I never really thought their was anything wrong with it as it was! However i have to give it 10/10 on making the New Angels Share a success! Serve cannot be faulted and the last time we were there ( during the busy festival) we got a seat relatively easy and serve was faultless. The set lunch menu was tasty x Cocktail are great, although i do think they could have a few more on the drinks menu to choose from and i love the chandilers! A fab place for drinks with friends or a yummy lunch. Great location too, Well Done !
after a night of way too many drinks, including a brief dance at Harry's Bar, my co-workers and i ended up at the Angels Share bar.  it was a snap decision as we were all in heels and wanted to go to the closest bar that served relatively reasonably priced good drinks.  that said though, i'd been keen to try this place for ages so glad that i did finally get a chance to go!

the decor in this bar is very swish.  it's like walking into a proper posh men's club that you'd fine in manhattan.  chandeliers and leather seats, dark lighting, and a massive dark wood bar with loads of spirits on the shelves behind.  there is also a club underneath which we did try to go to, but was incredibly quiet for a friday night.  we were told it was turning into a jazz club at midnight, but considering the lack of people we weren't convinced.

that said though, we decided to grab our last drink here and grabbed one of the massive circular booths to sit down.  i finally got a chance to order a cocktail as these were well priced and had a pink gin fizz.  it came in a massive glass with mint garish and a truly lovely pink colour.  it was lovely  to drink and a nice way to end the night.  

i feel a bit bad giving this place three stars as i feel like there is a lot of potential here, but i just didn't see it at the end of my friday night.  i will make a point to go back though as this seems like the place to go and grab a pre-dinner drink when you're dressed up to go somewhere nice.
Are Chandeliers too much? 

I don't know, you can make the call on that one, came here after Sunday Lunch at Kyloe and thought it was a place I could drink for a while. The décor is pretty cool, hunners of photos of famous scots from Fergie to Hoy to Macgregor, it's a homage to the good and the great of Scotland. Large leather couches, and very high bar stools.

Those of you who know me, know I love a good bar stool, and even better I love a good bar. This is a nice long bar counter, copper or steel, I can't remember, but it's well polished, ergo very very shiny. They have an impressive back bar as well, one I would enjoy working my way round.

The service was what made this a memorable experience there was a very hyper young girl who was eager to keep us hydrated, and my Dad enjoyed the fact that she could make the dark rum and coke almost as quickly as he could drink them - we paid for that later on!!

This is  a great spot for some quality drinks with good company.
So found myself having dinner here last night and you know what it was pretty good. To be fair I didn't have high expectations but yeah for what it is it was really good.

With some friends we shared the sharing platter that came with chicken wings, calamari and chorizo! All tasty and plentiful.

For main I went for the chicken burger, the chips were a bit sparse but tasty as were the onion rings. The burger was a full filet with a nice seasoning and mozzarella. It was good!!

A surprise twist to the evening was the great live band that came on! Great tunes which lead to a bit of dancing.

All in all a surprisingly good meal at a very fair price. The Angels Shares has earned the right to be called JD Recommended.
Went there for lunch with a coworker on opening day...good food that was way over-priced...  $11 to $14 for a roll.  They offered no lunch specials.   Won't go back for lunch unless they start some good deals.  Might be a fun place on a night before a game.
Had a craving for some sashimi last night, and when I read that Squid Ink is open until midnight during the week, we decided to give it a try right that second! Upon entering, my husband and I were warmly greeted and we took our seats at the bar. The bartender, Asia, was helpful in explaining the menu and the drink options to us. We settled on the tuna sashimi, salmon sashimi, and the spicy tuna roll. Everything we had was really delicious, and we were pleasantly surprised by the sashimi portions....6 LARGE pieces of the most succulent sashimi I've ever had for about $11. I felt like it was pretty reasonably priced for what you got. The spicy tuna roll was like no other spicy tuna I've ever had. It was actually REALLY spicy, and tasted like it was made in-house and not store-bought like many other places' spicy tuna.
The decor is modern, and we learned that the painting on the walls is done by a local Phoenix artist, which I thought was really cool, because the murals are amazing and I love seeing local talent proudly showcased. It is conveniently located in the lower level of Cityscape and is unfortunately still a little obscured by some scaffolding all around it, so don't miss it! I am happy to have another late-night food option in downtown Phoenix, and since they have happy hour and TVs for sports, I can see me and my husband making quite a few return trips here.
Finally, a good sushi place downtown!

Yesterday I emailed a friend who works a block from my office inquiring about meeting after work sometime the sample Squid Ink's happy hour menu. He promptly responded "Let's do this tonight!" because it's been months since we've eaten sushi. So we did. Aside from being open in a construction zone (apartments are being constructed on top of the hotel that's above this location) this is a gorgeous restaurant. The staff are friendly and attentive, but don't hover [thankfully]. During happy hour, select sushi rolls and signature cocktails are half priced; there are other specials but that's really what we were going for. These select items are limited, but enough to feed our sushi fixes. We had an order of shrimp tempura, spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail (half priced HH specials), an order of salmon nigiri and octopus sashimi. Each was terrific, the octopus especially. We also order saki bombers. Sated and slightly buzzed, we paid our bill (nearly $50, not too bad considering the amount of food) and rode the light rail home, happy. 

On a side note, the restrooms are tucked behind the main dining room. They were pretty.

We both decided we will be back soon.
Really great experience for us! Excellent menu with some fun ideas and options. Always nice to try a place with new varieties of rolls and apps. Great staff, excellent location. Can't wait to go back.  Try the Shishito Peppers and the Ultimate Philly Roll.  Awesome.
Great! Went there for takeout and they lost my order. 5 min later it was perfectly prepared with a 30 percent discount for the short wait. Great edamame and the Dirty Rockstar Roll was delicious. Nice atmosphere on the misted patio for my daughter and I with our Golden Retriever. So glad to have them downtown!
Brand new. Opened up 5 days ago. Just beginning to work out the bugs. Waited a little long to be served but once we got going the service was spot on. Shrimp and yellow curry was awesome. Desert was green tea ice cream. Not impressed. We will be back to try other items on the menu.
The BF and I went to the grand opening last night and I was pretty impressed. This restaurant/bar has a nice modern vibe and an extensive menu of hot items and sushi. We sat on the patio where the misters were out of control (read: it felt like it was a rainy day and we were just barely under an awning....not that this was a bad thing). We ended up sharing a few items including: Cucumber rolls (pretty standard), buffalo chicken roll (this was ridiculously good...the buffalo sauce was spicy and delicious, the chicken was crunchy, it was a definite winner), and the kobe burger with Tokyo fries (the burger was good, it had caramelized onions and spicy aioli on it and came on some kind of flatbread....definitely tasty...they cooked it a little over what we ordered it at, but it was still tasty. Additionally, they forgot to give us the fries, but when I told our waiter he got them for us, so no problem there. The fries were good, nice and crispy and they had been fried in fish oil so they had a slight fish taste to them....but in a good way).  We also had a few drinks, that were all tasty. I had the deep water, which tasted like a jolly rancher, but not in that weird synthetic way some drinks like that may taste, but in a fresh way. It was very good. I also tried the revolver which had a delicious ginger flavor. The BF had whiskey sours which were on special for only 3$ (awesome!) and they were also tasty. Overall, there were a few snags, but it was good. I will definitely try them again.
So glad that Squid Ink opened a location downtown, The food was amazing, I had the Kobe Beef burger and it was delicious and perfectly cooked. Great atmosphere with really cool art. Looking forward to eating there again!
Wow, impressive Cityscape!! What a nice sushi joint in downtown! The layout is very nice, super urban. We started with a seared beef appetizer with a mustard sauce that was pretty good. We also split a crazy Philly roll that was out of this world, and another roll with black cod and strawberry. I thought the fish was very fresh, well prepared and very well priced. they even had kids sushi rolls on the menu for the little ones, awesome!

Now the service was clunky, but it's new so I'll give them a bit of a break. The server didn't really have much of a handle on when the food was coming out, was confused about some of the drink ordering (we ordered a large beer and a hot sake and got a small beer and a half filled little sake container..with no sake glasses). 

We also  ordered the beignets, which I found heavy but they were okay. All in all, i'll for sure be back. Solid 3.5 stars
This place has great happy hour and on a SATURDAY! Apps and certain rolls were half off too. Very nice place, can't wait to try it again for dinner.
This is in a great location in the heart of downtown.  The decor is very nice and the staff is friendly and attentive.  The drink menu was nice and varied with attention to not only specialty cocktails but also having a decent selection of more pedestrian fare.  However, this is a sushi bar and it all relies on the fish and rice.  And here is where it swings downhill quickly.  The fish used for nigiri was dry.  Even when it came out you could see that it was lacking a sheen of freshness.  The rice used complimented the dry fish.  It was typically a lump of poorly formed rice that seemed to have all the life sucked out of it.  I cannot recommend this place for sushi.  Rolls were good and we did not try any of the non-fish fare.
Just what downtown Phoenix needs!! Late night spot serving up FRESH sushi and adult beverages! Our server Asia was above and beyond friendly, and we had a chance to meet the owner and the GM. My only advice is to offer a reverse happy hour to draw in a crowd! We'll be back for sure!
So like, ask for Asia at the bar. ;)

I'm not a Phoenix resident. So when I go out in other cities, I rely on the friends that take me to these places. 
We had a birthday dinner to attend here on a Friday night. From what I am told this place is pretty new.
We arrived at 8pm and sat at the bar waiting on the others. The bartender (Asia form here on out) took my drink order and suggested other liquid treasures. They have a well Vodka that is really good. I was surprised.
Asia was amazing, great energy, knowledgeable and just a good character in general. Definitely sit and kick back a few with her.
When all the guests arrived we were promptly sat. I ordered the butter fish with strawberry miso sauce. WOW. Literally melted in my mouth. Cooked PERFECT. It sat on top of some asparagus spears that were equally as tasty. I didn't have any sushi that night, but from what I saw and was told there was not one disappointment.
My only con of the place was the layout. This has NOTHING to do with the staff, but everything to do with the interior decorator. The seating setup toward the wall is awkward, causing the servers to have to shimmy on by or tiptoe behind you. 
The place still seems to be finding the right grooves within one another and are doing it well thus far. I would definitely recommend this place as a local or out of towner such as myself. 

Try it...love it...Yelp it...
I love the sushi here, and their dishes are always clean!
The sushi here was great.  But, we weren't real crazy about the service.  It took a week to get our 1st drink.  Cool vibe, though.  We'll probably give 'em a chance to work out some kinks in service.  But, I'm sure we'll be back.
Finally, a great Sushi place downtown. Along with the cool trendy atmosphere, Squid Ink provides superb sushi with impeccable service. My favorite item on their menu is definitely the Kobe Burger. Wait, what? A Sushi place known for having a great burger? That's right. Perfectly cooked and placed between Cibatta bread, this burger does wonders for your palate. Very friendly environment and the management is always willing to interact with their guests. Try this place ASAP!
Great service. Really excited to have it in the neighborhood.
This was the second time we've been here and frankly we were disappointed. The miso soup was tasteless, just warm water with a few bland mushrooms floating on the top and a couple small pieces of tofu. The Manhattan I ordered was mostly sweet vermouth, undrinkable.  

After the miso we had ordered the crab rangoon.  Normally I love these things but they were just mediocre here with cream cheese with a few random pieces of left over crab (or maybe it was krab) stuffed into a chewy doughy pouch.  

Next we had the Surf n Turf Roll with was basically a roll that cost a lot, sounds good, with expensive ingredients that is drowned in mayo they call aioli.   

For the main course we had order the Beef Yakisoba, and the Tuna Tataki.  The yakisoba, which was the good the first time we went, was a ball of overcooked noodles, matted into a doughy mass.  It was uneatable.  The Tuna we ordered came out 10 minutes after my meal, and turned out to be salmon.  Since the waiter never came back my date just decided to eat it.  It was overcooked too,l with a generic sauce that masked any taste the salmon might have had.

This place might be good to grab a quick lunch to take back to your cubicle but this is not a place for a business lunch or a sit down dinner. I guess the fact they have a fast food take out window should have been a good indicator of quality.  This is a place for office worker to get a generic alternative to a sandwich, but not a place I would go back to.
I have worked in the restaurant industry for years now and normally don't post about restaurants. I can be very understanding but this place is such a disappointment  I had to say something. 

First of all I don't know how you can mess up fried tofu (seriously!) they chopped up four large pieces of tofu, flash fried them without any seasoning and charged $9 for them. When we tried them they were greasy on the outside and very raw inside. 

Next we got the wings that looked great in the picture but tasted terrible. They were rubbery, soggy and super fatty. My boyfriend and I could not even finish a few because they made our stomach sick. Again $9. The rest of the dishes and the sushi were so mediocre and blah I just cant believe we wasted our money.

I have lived downtown for 6 years and if this place doesn't change something very soon it will not last a summer in this town. We called to complain about this terrible meal but haven't heard back from anyone, I hope we do but I doubt it.
Great food and great service.
Tried it after they had been open for a week...and it was delicious!  I can only imagine they will get better and better :)
Love the indoor/outdoor patio bar, gorgeous fresh interior creates a good vibe - bright and full of natural light for lunch and swanky in the evening.  Friendly, prompt staff always willing to take care of you.  Get whatever the daily special is or try the Pepper crusted Filet Mignon on a bed of broccolini in a house made hot mustard sauce, the Miso Cod, or the favorite Kobe Burger.  Happy hour 3p-6p Mon-Sat, 4p-6p Sun, reservations accepted Sun-Thu.  Best bar to hang out at in Cityscape!
When going in to squid ink, ask for Lisa at the bar!! Absolutely fantastic. Best bartender I've had anywhere downtown-it's no wonder Asia is no longer there. :) 
The food was fantastic with a wide variety. I will definitely come back again, and again. :)
Ate here for lunch today. I had the sushi lunch sampler. Now I am throwing up and my stomach is churning. I would not recommend this place at all.
I enjoyed everything about Squid Ink.  The decor was unique, the staff was very kind and the menu full of choices.

I ordered the daily special, Fire Breathing Dragon, and one of the sushi dinners.  It came with a sample of many of their sushi all of which I enjoyed.

I have no doubt I will become a regular, once I can find more friends who enjoy sushi...
The tuna is fresh but the service could have been alot better i think ill give them another try seeing that the slow service was on a DBACKS game night.
My boyfriend and I had dinner here tonight and average is all I can say. Our waitress was really sweet and attentive (of course I didn't catch her name) but otherwise we weren't impressed. The dirty martini I ordered was basically all vodka. When I asked for more olive juice it came back too dirty (Its always hard to get a perfect dirty, I don't know why) Sushi was average. Our bill was $70. Seemed way too expensive for the experience and quality, in my opinion. I don't think we will be returning.
While squid ink is hidden among the scaffolding and progress in downtown phoenix,  we found the service and food to be very good. The menu offered a limited number of specialty rolls, however all o the ones we tried were flavorful and unique. We were in the mood for sushi and didn't try any of the other items on the menu, but there were several other options. The feature appetizer was stuffed jalapeños with crab and cheese- good and not too hot. Over all, a good sushi experience.
I have now experienced Squid Ink 3 different times. My first visit was right when they opened, loved it, not the seating or the chairs, but the sushi was amazing. I raved about it. 

The second time, the sushi got sloppy and and service was slow. The chairs were still uncomfortable and the seating was weird. 

The third time, was also my last. The sushi was mostly rice and fake crab, and that was all of the rolls we ordered. The portions also got a lot smaller. After paying upwards of $100 for 3 people, we all left disappointed and still very hungry.

*On a side note, the "how was your service" card that came with the bill already had the service rated as a 5. not sure if it was the last customer or the sever trying to be sneaky, but they should check those. I really did want to fill that out fully this time.
I got the Beef Yakisoba and a side of Tokyo Frites to go the other day for lunch. I wasn't crazy about it. I'm still developing a more sophisticated palate for Asian food but the overall flavor in this dish didn't wow me. And it should have: soba noodles with filet, brocollini, mushrooms and carrots. A lot of my favorite stuff and a pretty balanced meal, but just not that tasty.

The filet itself was VERY nicely prepared and tasty but the overall blandness of everything else overpowered what was should have been the star of this show. I'm sure there's something else on the menu that properly complements it so I'm definitely coming back to try more stuff.

4 stars for the awesome set up they have. Their sushi bar is to the left as you enter, to the right is the bar and seating area. Despite my lack of enthusiasm for my first meal, I have MUCH enthusiasm for the bar and for the bartender who was really nice. I can't wait 'til the weather cools down and they open up the bar on the street (and they take down that damn scaffolding)

They play good music in here and the atmosphere is good. I'm sure they have some small plates that will go with the alcohol that I am looking forward to consuming at Happy Hour.

This is a neat place at Cityscape definitely worth checking out....if for nothing else, the bar!
Great new addition to downtown Phoenix!  We have stopped in a few times already and have been very impressed with everything we tried.  They offer an extensive and reasonably priced happy hour, so highly recommend checking it out.  The edamame and potstickers are quite good and the rice bowls are tasty too.
So I'm from California and I LOVE SUSHI!!!! So when I found a sushi spot that was open this late I had to try it out. I work late so this is a perfect night spot for me. 
The service was on point. I sat at the bar and each bartender was very helpful. The service was quick... However that late at night it would of been strange if it wasn't when there weren't a lot of people there. 
They have a decent draft selection. The sushi rolls were good. Nothing really crazy, but they tasted on point and your servers decent amount. The best roll I tried was the dragon roll and the calamari! 
I have yet to try the place out on a Saturday night but for my needs its a cool choice! GOOOO SUSHI!!!!
We stopped here for dinner before a show at Stand Up Live, as none of us had been there before. We shared a couple of appetizers to start, edamame, roasted garlic edamame, green bean tempura, and potstickers. I tried the potstickers and green bean tempura which were very good, I'd highly recommend the green bean tempura. I'm very boring when it comes to sushi, so I just had the california roll and spicy tuna rolls which were good.  To finish off, we shared the green tea ice cream and hawaiian bread pudding. The bread pudding is out of this world good, the green tea ice cream was pretty basic. The prices were good and the service was also good, I'd return.
Service terrible. Sushi par at best. Better sushi places out there. My salmon sashimi had bones in it.
Flare, taste, and service all rolled into one

Tagged Squid Ink with a friend before a baseball game.  Very convenient location, event though the name threw me at first.  

Sushi is very good for Arizona.  Plating style and service are both top-notch.  Staff was very attentive, took care of us quickly, and the bartender was fun to chat with.  Even got a discount on a Yelp check-in!

Very much enjoyed the Agedashi Tofu, Gyoza, Kale Salad, and Buffalo Roll.
Ridiculously good sushi!! Best I've had!! Nothing bad in this entire place!! Try the Green Tea drink!! Chef Nick and Lisa are the best!!
This place is bomb!!! Chef nick makes the best roll!!!! Definitely will come back!!!!
Love it here!!! Sexy staff! Sexy sushi!!! Lisa is a phenomenal bartender!!! Nick is the best sushi chef!!
I visited squid ink this past Saturday for my friends birthday and lets just say my socks were rocked. 
A friend and I shared the sashimi platter and the cougar roll both outstanding! The sashimi platter came with salmon, yellowtail (my fave), ahi, octopus, and because the server told me there was albacore even tho there isn't albacore. The fish was some of the freshest I have had in phoenix.  The cougar roll consisted of spicy crab mix avocado and some other stuff with a cucumber wrap. Light and delicious.
I also had the pleasure of meeting the owner, Schuyler, very nice and pretty darn cute too ;) 
I will definitely be back. Squid ink is my new go to for sushi!
It's ok. It wasn't good-- wasn't bad. I did see a lot of flies tho. That kinda grossed me out. But nothing special AT ALL. I was expecting more out of this place because of the location. Blue Hound, Breakfast Club are great restaurants. Also Gold's Gym in that area is so nice. Then there's this sushi place and you think like... wow thats it? I went here when it was super empty and they still took forever with my meal. I would NEVER go back here. I recommend "How do you roll?" thats in the same area which is a custom sushi shop.
Wasn't overly thrilled by the sushi. I wouldn't go back for it. Also the restaurant was really hot and I'm normally cold!
Very good sushi. I had tai (lightly sauced by the chef), and maguro nigiri. The negihama roll was also very good. I wanted saba but was told the chef didn't like today's fish so instead I had sea scallops (which should ne hotate but turned they out to be bay scallops).  The egg in the tonkatsu ramen was probably the best part of the dish. The broth was almost inky; very unusual. Even though it was dark it didn't have the typical rich, deep flavor. The pork, of which there was a generous amount, was either grilled or pan fried. Different but good.
Don't come super hungry or expecting authentic sushi.  I will however still support it as it is in CityScape and we need another sushi place (the other ones are Moira, which is meh and Pallet which can be hit or miss).  The rolls are inventive but only okay.  A better bet for lunch is a curry or a noodle dish.  The good news is that their HH pricing is more than generous.  The restaurant is super pretty and I'm happy to say that service is friendly.  But for authentic, I'd try Teeter House or Hana first.  In a pinch and downtown, come to Squid Ink because we want to see a vibrant downtown and you need a couple of sushi houses for that.
It's the best Sushi in downtown Phoenix!
After our bad experience the management staff was really great and on point. They contacted us immediately and had us come back in for a way better experience.  Great recovery guys!
My husband and I went to rooftop yoga at the Palomar, and wanted to grab dinner nearby afterwards. We were looking to eat something lighter, so we stopped into Squid Ink. The decor was very nice, clean, & modern and our server was great.

We opted to sit at the sushi bar and ordered a yellowtail roll, tuna roll, garlic edamame, and beef & broccoli. The sushi rolls were good, but a little pricey at $7 per roll. The garlic edamame was very flavorful. However, the beef & broccoli was pretty disappointing. While the beef & broccoli were cooked perfectly, it was pretty much ruined by the sauce. The sauce was way too sweet, and the dish was drowning in it. 

Cooked dishes don't seem to be their forte, and the sushi is little bit pricier and no better than a few other sushi places in Phoenix. So I will most likely only return for happy hour, as their regular priced options are not a very good value.
Positives:  muddled cocktail is sublime.  Service was friendly and attentive.  A variety of menu items at different price points.  A great environment & stylish moderndecor.

Negatives:  the food.  It's nothing special.  Lots of highly stylized menu choices, where the title outdoes the reality.
Great food, great staff but due to the construction it's hard to get to and fly's buzzing around inside. The clear plastic chairs have to go, not a good look with an upscale sushi bar. I will check back in 3 months to see any changes.
For Arizona it does not get better than this sushi place. Staff is great and so is the fish. Awesome atmosphere and great job
I work downtown and went here for lunch last week. Great vibe and the sushi was amazing! Chef Nick sure does know how to roll!
Good stuff.  Great lunch specials and fresh sushi.  We enjoyed our long, leisurely lunch while our puppy enjoyed a cold bowl of water on the patio.  Bartender was friendly and atmosphere was nice.  Salmon sashimi was delicious so we ordered 3 orders.  Check in offer gave me half off a glass of Sauvignon Blanc which was so good I had a to have a few.   Highly recommend for a great meal in downtown.
Squid Ink was surprisingly good.  3 of us went on a Saturday night for a later dinner.  We had sushi in mind and stuck to that, although the rest of the menu looked promising.  Our server told about a seared duck breast special that was kind of a head scratcher.  Nonetheless, it was a hip setting, staff was very friendly, the fish was fresh, and we were in every way satisfied.  The Tahoe roll flavor wise is superb.  The sushi chef was not a technical wizard but I wasn't expecting Jiro or anything.  The scaffolding/construction zone situation seemed to really hurt the outside seating area's potential.  We sat inside as a result.  I hope that gets resolved soon, this is an awesome time of year to enjoy the AZ weather. 

Keep up the good work.
good drinks, i wish i could remember the bartender's name she was very sweet & hooked us up w/ the check in special. pretty good sushi.....
I enjoyed this location a little more than the Peoria one. The sushi is pretty tasty. Service was ok. Temperature in the restaurant was way too hot for Arizona! I'd give it another shot though!
The Sushi last night was excellent. I got the roll with soft shell crab and eel sauce (can't look up the name because they have no online menu) Sushi was fresh, rice was perfect, the roll was nice and stuffed they don't give you those tiny rolls some other places do.  

The service was quick and attentive, the location is SUPER convenient and the ambiance is very pleasing.

 MY COMPLAINT .  The website has no Menu, nor does it acknowledge that this location exists. Fix that Immediately. It's 2013 "menu coming soon" does not cut it and I almost deducted a star because if this
Went to this place on a very busy pre Jimmy Buffet party there at Phx Cityscape. We sat at the bar and had a few drinks and food and watched the Parrotheads parading about. Great location. They have Happy Hour Pricing on multiple drinks and food items. 

We tried the spicy yellowtail roll and were pleasantly surprised how good it was. The next item was a pan seared butterfish that was amazing. It was moist and delicious and served on a bed of roasted asparagus with a light sauce.

We were impressed with how they handled a large raucuous crowd with aplomb and kept it festive. We will definitely return. Love the late night hours too!
Second time here this week. Again, sushi was amazingly fresh, discovered a gem on the menu, curry shrimp and rice plate, very nice portion and it is so delicious and was about $13.

This place really surprises me with the prices, for the freshness of the seafood and the portion that they give you I would expect to pay 20% more. Today I came with a party of 10 and EVERYONE was satisfied with their experience.
Really enjoyed our first experience here. The waiter was super friendly and helpful. He made sure to let us know that Happy hour was about to end and if we knew what we wanted he could put it in so we could get happy hour pricing. 

We got the Buffalo Chicken Roll and the Surf and Turf Roll. I wanted to try the Buffalo Chicken roll just because it sounded different- It was good. But the Surf and Turf Roll-OMG it was delicious. 
All the specialty rolls sounded so good i'm excited to go back and try some more.
We finally tried Squid Ink after wanting to get there for the past few weeks.  I just wish we didn't try it on the night of the Tosh.0 concert...
When we got there it was pretty crowded and the hostess told us it would be about 30 minutes.  We told her we'd be at the bar to get a drink while we waited.  After about 5 minutes, one of the bartenders finally acknowledged us and we ordered 2 Hendricks and tonics.  After about another 5 minutes, I asked a different bartender about our drinks and she says, "oh the Hendricks and tonics, yes coming right up."  We got them in pint glasses which I thought was odd because we didn't request tall drinks.  Then she hands us our tab without asking if we'd like to keep it open.  I would give this experience a D and only not an F because we did eventually get a drink.
About this time everyone starts leaving for Tosh, so the restaurant and a few open tables.  We waited a few minutes and then went to ask the hostess if our table was ready.  She said she called our name already, but we weren't there so she moved to the next.  Well the waiting area is quite small and we told her we'd be at the bar, so I didn't really understand that.
We got seated and ordered.  The server seemed to not really to know the menu, but the food was really great.  Had another miscommunication with a different server about our drink order, but that was okay.

I really want Squid Ink's service to redeem itself because the food is quite good!  I will try again in a few months, but for now will stick with Moira for downtown sushi.
Went in on a Sunday for the first time. They are opened till midnight, which is great. The sushi, nothing special. I give it 3 starts b/c their edamame is not organic (per waitress), nor is their soy sauce. I don't know about you guys but I have zero interest feeding myself genetically modified soybeans. Wish they would make the change to organic/non-GMO verified soy, but then again why would they? Majority of the people don't care or have knowledge of what GMOs are ~ so, I guess for the minority of the public it wouldn't be worth to change that *SIGH* one day we will all care -_-
Great place for sushi and drinks!

I went here for my birthday before the Daniel Tosh show. We had a big party of 10 people and they sat us at the coolest table. To start it was a circular table that had a huge rotating lazy susan in the middle, so we could share our food. That was such a genius idea!

That had a ton of cocktails for women and men. My favorite was the Tokoyo something, it was a perfect mix of citrus and sweet! The service and food were great and timely. 

I will definitely go back here for sushi next time I go down town.
Squid Ink was surprisingly good.  4 of us went on a Saturday night for a later dinner.  We had sushi in mind and stuck to that, although the rest of the menu looked promising.  Our server told about a seared duck breast special that was kind of a head scratcher.  Nonetheless, it was a hip setting, staff was very friendly, the fish was fresh, and we were in every way satisfied.  The Tahoe roll flavor wise is superb as well as the Buffalo Chicken and Surf and Turf Roll!  We got to sit outside and enjoy the gorgeous weather outside. 
Very friendly staff and looking forward to coming here again!
Great place for Happy Hour! Everything Iv eaten there has been great, no complaints.
I would eat the sashimi salad every single day, if that didn't cost me close to $500 a month. It is a spring mix, seasonal vegetables, chef's selection of assorted fish, and a japanese vinaigrette. The selection and amount of fish never disappoints! I'll sometimes switch up the vinaigrettes too. 

I have a hard time ordering anything else, but I did it, and I was happy with everything! The house rolls- very creative, fresh and good, just a little pricey especially if you want to try a few. I would stick with an assorted sushi or sashimi platter. 

Cucumber-lemon water...pretty basic concept, but amazing. Get a to-go cup.
Beer selection is decent- the cocktail menu is better! 
Service at the bar has always been friendly and quick.
I haven't seen a pooch there, but Yelp says it allows pets. Even better!
OMG! This is my new favorite Sushi spot in phoenix, I've been a huge fan of Ra Sushi for quite sometime but I can now say Squid Ink is on top!

I walked in & decided to sit at the bar where you have a nice view of the city of phoenix ( taxis rolling by along with traffic noise) took me away to NYC!! Just for sec lol atmosphere is perfect for those long days you want to be taken away, maybe the drink "Tune in Tokyo" brought everything together just perfectly!!!

Dish: Coconut Curry Shrimp!! Amazing!!! ITS SO GOOD- I will probably have a hard time not ordering it when I go there!!!

Service was great! Definitely will be back many times to come! Enjoy!!!
Excellent, quality sushi. I am a big fan, but sometimes you come across a place that makes you a little unsure. Fear not sushi lovers! Squid Ink will not steer you wrong. In fact, they will most likely be able to help you decide on a delicious roll and make you laugh at the same time. The vibe of this restaurant is awesome, too. It's new and modern with a sweet mural of a woman with octopus hair that I could not take my eyes off of. Loved it! Honestly, everything was wonderful and I can't wait to go back! Who's down for a sushi night? I know what I'm ordering!
Came here before a show and it was worth it as usual. Great sushi and delicious desserts. The bread pudding and tempura rolls are highly recommended.
I came here before a show at Stand Up Live. It's a nice laid back place with a great staff. We started with chicken wings and green bean tempura for appetizers. Shortly after our food came. We ordered Spicy Tuna, California and Hory Fook Rolls all of which were on the Happy Hour menu. We ended our meal with the Hawaiian Bread Pudding. It was simply amazing. If you come and don't get the bread pudding you've wasted your trip. I would've given Squid Ink five stars but my only complaint is e seating in the restaurant. Everything is so close together and you can hear your neighbors conversation as they can hear yours.  All in all it was a great experience and I would return!
Came here for date night. 
I love the art on wall, lighting of the place and the concept of it. Our waiter Joshua was awesome. Fot our drinks and food on time, very quick. :)

Boyfriend first time here, he got the chicken teriyaki, he wasn't sure about the sauce to it,  but he thought the chicken was excellent. He also got the dragon roll which he enjoyed, not so much on the California roll. He said ot was bland and dry.

I had the vegetarian udon, I liked it... but the sauce was too sweet and there was too much of it on my plate. My non vegetarian las vegas roll was really good.

The last fifteen minutes of our dinner date, the music got really loud and it was hard to have a conversation.  Lolz.
Hello Downtown Sushi favorite!!!

Meeting with a friend from out of town that was staying in downtown. I have seen this location but not been here before.  It is located in the Cityscape area. Behind Tilted Kilt. Next to Ice Arena for anyone trying to figure out where it is at. 

I was extremely impressed with service and food. Had too many rolls to remember. The sashimi platter had several different cuts of great fish. 

Pricing was very comparable to what I have experienced at many other locations. 

The bottled beer choices were a little disappointing. I enjoy the Japanese Beers and they had limited.  Would love to see them expand this part of menu. 

Got so involved, so quickly, we forgot to take photos. 

This will be a regular for downtown.  Looking forward to my next trip downtown to return.  Would also be a great place to sit outside before baseball game and watch light rail go by..
This sushi place is a total ripoff. What they call a poke salad is a total joke consisting of 3 pieces of tuna. I'm an experienced sushi consumer. It angers me this place is charging so much for so little product. Please avoid them!!!
Squid Ink Sushi is one of those places that makes you feel like you're an upper class patron which is surprising considering the relatively low prices. I went there on a busy Friday night and got my staple of Miso Soup, Flying Fish Roe, and Salmon.

The presentation was wonderful, everything had a very clean atmosphere. The food was delicious but not the best I've ever had. The Miso Soup looked tastier than it actually was, but it was still a 4/5. 

While I found that the service was very quick, it was a bit too much. I had several different people at least 2 different waiters coming over to me asking how my food was. It was delicious but there's a fine art to service and asking if I need anything between gulps isn't going to win over the casual diner.

The price was actually cheaper than one would expect from a Sushi place downtown. Perhaps the presentation let me to believe it would be more expensive than it actually was. While that's a good thing for the consumer, it might turn away prospective customers.

I'm still looking for great sushi restaurants in the Phoenix area, but for the price and location there's very little that Squid Ink Sushi does incorrectly.
I would definitely return to this place the food is sushi the drinks the atmosphere they have it all the bit difficult with parking but if he out moseying browsing around it's a great place to popping clean restaurant friendly staff you may want to pop in and check this place out right across the courtyard is an ice skating rank for the holidays with real ice big gigantic Christmas tree very festive Great for the friends and family for the holiday season.
I have been looking forward to checking this place out since it opened in Phoenix.  The atmosphere was exactly what I expected, chic yet laid back.  It's right next to where they have the ice rink set up for ice skating and the massive Christmas tree so it was a great view from the bar.  The server was friendly and fast.  I had the Deep Water cocktail...I didn't realize it was spicy so I wasn't really expecting that, but it was pretty good.  Also got an order of the dumplings which were exactly what you'd expect, nothing over the top.  Sushi we had a house roll and something basic, both were good and again...supah fast!  

Location is great as I mentioned, but the parking was meh.  Had to park and walk a bit which can really suck in 4in heels.  If I'm in the area I will absolutely stop in again because it was an overall good experience, just didn't knock the ball outta the park? Know wadda mean? :)
Checked out this place with some friends this weekend. My first thought when walking in was wow this place is fancy.  I wasn't disappointed. 
The service was amazing. Even though we planned on staying for a while to conduct some business the wait staff was very attentive. Unlike many places in which the servers seem to disappear after bringing you your order, my water glass was never empty and they continued through the afternoon to ask if we needed anything else right up until the end. 
I am not a sushi fanatic but I am learning to enjoy it more and more with each trip. That being said the sushi was so delicious.  I tried a spicy yellowtail roll which actually wasn't spicy at all and a squid nagiri.  The roll was great and so were the others I sampled.  I wasn't as impressed with the squid nagiri as it was a bit too chewy. Even though it's not sushi I would love to go back and try their Kobe burger.
Yummy sushi and the location is super cute. Go when the weather is nice and they open the place up. Loved it.
My friends and I were staying at a downtown hotel for NYE and planned to grab some food and beers at the hotel before hitting up our final destination. Lucky for us, the hotel wasnt offering their usual happy hour deal so we were in a scramble to find a new spot with good food and drinks - Squid Ink to the rescue! Not only did they have a happy hour on NYE, but they have amazing food and great local craft beer on tap. Couldnt have been happier when we go there - great place with amazing staff. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were so attentive and friendly, even offering to ring up our final beers before happy hour ended and bringing them to us when we were ready. Loved the food - the crab rangoon had huge chunks of crab in it, the wings were great, and the miso black cod dish? Probably the best thing I've eaten in months. Ridiculous - and for half price happy hour! Absolutely loved this place, cant wait to go back and meet up for happy hour again with my friends soon.
Did someone say sushi?!  Oh wait, that's my daily craving!  It was New Year Day and guess what I wanted to have for dinner to ring in the Mew Year?  you guessed it, sushi!

Originally, I was going to go to another sushi joint which I will not name here cause I don't want to start a sushi rivalry but the other joint was closed on New Year Day. 

As it turns out, it was a blessing in disguise since Squid Ink is located right next to the ice skating rink so we were able to have dinner then walk right over to go skating- so convenient!

We had quite a feast.  Chicken teriyaki bowl for my son, chicken teriyaki noodle for his friend, edamame, shisito peppers, 3 California rolls, 1 spicy Salmon roll, miso cod.  Oh, did you think the rolls were for me?  

Of course not!  My growing boy ate his chicken teriyaki bowl then proceeded to eat the California rolls and the spicy salmon roll. After some gentle reminders, I did get a few pieces from each of the different rolls. 

It's a good thing when my son heartily eats (since for a young'n, he has a pretty good palate) and we are fighting,hmm I mean sharing happily our sushi!

Michele M. who also joined us for dinner ordered gyoza, fried tofu, California roll, fried shrimp tempura roll also enjoyed her selections. 

My fav out of them all was the miso cod. 4 thin slices, perfectly cooked so the cod was still tender and moist. Hmmm, just thinking about it makes me what to have it again.

Service is amicable. Staff friendly. Glad to have come here- and will come again!
Squid Ink is where IT is at. Ramen-wise they are the superlative. I've had other dishes and they've also been downright tasty. But I crave the ramen... I NEED the ramen. The broth is complex. Add some sriracha and it gets more complex. Open the soft boiled egg to let the yolk mix and you're seriously golden. The levels in this dish are indeterminable, at least to my palate, and they are oh so varied. 

Let's talk about the location now. NE corner of Central and Jefferson. Critics will say what they will about the Cityscape development, but this spot they nailed. Most of the restaurant looks out onto the street so you've got the train passing by regularly. Kiddy-corner you'll find the Luhrs Buidling - one of the best structures to look at in the downtown core. Long story short, Squid Ink has one of THE most prime locations. 

The murals inside... shut your hole if you dislike them in any way. They create exactly what I want in an establishment: character. The interior is spot-on, from the booths/tables to the liquor bar and the sushi bar. 

Yes, parking can be tricky. Cityscape has a garage with multiple entry points but I can't confirm if Squid Ink validates. But it has multiple levels of parking either way. For anyone that doesn't live downtown, perhaps it's time to reconsider your geography. 

Summary - YES!
Squid Ink completely surpassed my expectations. The atmosphere  was incredible. The Food was fresh and delicious. A must go when  going downtown and looking for great food in the best location! One of the most epic places downtown!!
I really wanted to love this place. Location is nice. I stopped in last week in late afternoon. I love spicy tuna (usually) so I ordered the Hory Fook Roll to start off with. It was lumpy, loose and completely flavorless. The tempura jalapeños were soggy and really just icky. I ate two of them and the waiter said, "oh eyes bigger than your stomach, huh !?" I said no I didn't like it and he just landed the check in front of me and walked away. 
Poor execution and poor service. 
I will probably try again but they're going to really have to raise the bar.
Squid Ink is delicious every time.   My favorite item here is easily the tootsie roll. It has just the right amount of crunch with the tempura flakes.  The shrimp tempura has an awesome and sweet sauce. The miso soup is very aromatic. We also had a Flying Phoenix roll and that was great.

My only complaint is the size of the rolls. The specialty roll was pretty big, but the others seemed very small. I never leave feeling full.
Good sushi place for Downtown. Service was great. Nothing really stood out besiedes the loud music.
Great happy hour in a great location!  Perfect for drinks before a game with friends.
So...
This is gonna be kinda a weird one, guys.
Because I went to a sushi bar, and had zero sushi.  I hear it's good though.
Instead, I had the best damned old fashioned I've had in a long time.

Gin is for the summer.  It's fresh and crisp, and should be enjoyed on a patio.
Whiskey, on the other hand, is for the cold.
It is in hand when you are wrapped up in scarves and coats, battling the cruel Arizona winter, just trying to survive.

I am careful about where I order an old fashioned.  They require more than throwing some maraschino cherry that is an unnatural hue of red in a glass with a slice of orange and some booze.  No no no.  They need a gentle touch.

For this reason I never would have ordered one at a sushi bar.  But the bartender insisted I would not be let down, and I wasn't

Oh the joy of an old fashioned done right.   The faint hint of orange peel, the slight sweet of a cherry, the bitters marrying with the whiskey in a blissful union.

Yes.  Yes the bartenders at Squid Ink can make one helluva Old Fashioned.

And you know what?  The curry shrimp dish isn't half bad either.  The ambiance was nice, and the staff was on point.
Solid restaurant. Seating both inside and outside is great. If you sit outside, they do have heaters available. The servers are so nice.  Happy hour is daily from 3-7 pm. The best items on happy hour are the starters and alcohol. Definitely try the garlic soybeans - if you like garlic (baked garlic cloves), tempura soybeans, and tofu (all are starters).  They also validate garage parking.
Second time at this location and can't wait for my next visit. They not only have great food but also a great happy hour. Every day of the week 3-7p half off appetizer and several sushi items.
Location is hidden and terrible. The las vegas roll was flavorless. Normally I get spicy tuna and im glad I didn't even try it. The potstickers weren't even that great. Yikes. I thought it would be a nice sushi place. But after a basketball game, you think it would have been packed. There were only two customers in the entire place. Ending up taking our food to go. I had literally about two bites and then ended up giving our left overs to a homeless guy.
Great everything, from sushi to wings to drinks. Outside bar is cool. Great happy hour prices! Right across from Dbacks & Suns venues.
This place was amazing! Great Service with a smile, it was clean, and had Excellent Sushi. As good as the Sushi was, the dessert was to die for. We had the Hawaiian Bread Pudding.. OHMYBABYJEEZY! So damn good! The Miso soup was pretty good also.
Nice day out today so we decided to sit on the outside at the sushi bar , the community roundtable looked cool to sit at but our party wasnt big enough

Even though this has nothing to do w my review the bathroom stalls are pretty freakin cool I totally take a chick in there w me and get busy  lol

I ordered
Firebreathing salmon roll freakin delicious
Tuna overkill was ok
Seafood dynamite the best
So as you know I'm an avid sushi lover. Nothing says hiiiyah origato like sushi and sake bombs. It was fairly crowded as we walked on and they had no seats even tho they let us sit at the bar or the community table, we chose the bar. Let me tell you the seafood dynamite roll is fucking amazing. It was like every beautiful Japanese a geisha girl sat on  my tongue.  We them ordered the sake bombs and let me tell ya, it was like Hiroshima and Nagasaki in my mouth. I love this place.
Sat at the bar on a crowded Friday night (Viva Phoenix music event was happening and the entire cityscape area was packed). We still received good service fom the bartendress and really enjoyed our food. We ordered: 

The spicey vegetable udon bowl - super yum! We especially enjoyed the tempora eggplant. The sauce on the noodles was spicey and a little sweet and just perfect. I am still thinking about this meal and can't wait to go back and order it again soon.

Three rolls - rainbow, dirty rockstar, and another one wrapped in cucumber. They were all fresh and tasty and accompanied by plenty of ginger. 

My friend asked them to hold the sweet sauce on her roll, but we received it with the sweet sauce. It was crazy busy so we didn't really mind. The bartender went above and beyond and discounted our bill due to this mistake.
Sushi is just ok. The portions are of average size.

Price is probably above average - five people ate and drank about $300 late at night. 

The ramen is horrible. If you walked into Walmart, bought the 5 for $1 packs of ramen, and made it yourself, you would have a better product.

The experience just reinforces my rule to avoid any "fusion" restaurants for sushi.
Stopped in for a bite to eat the other night and bellied up at the bar. I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir, dumplings, black cod and some tempura fried green beans, all very good. 

Server was good and the atmosphere with the open air bar was comfortable and relaxing.
My husband and I came here during happy hour and we were very impressed. I just got a water but it was the best water because it had lemon and cucumber in it! Yummy! Usually with happy hour sushi you get 4-6 pieces per roll...not here...you get 8-9 pieces per roll! We did not realize that and ordered WAY to much sushi (4 rolls) and could not finish it all. My husband had a Sake bomb...and he said it was ok..but the beer was weak and watered down. We ordered carb rangoon, the four rolls, and the sake bomb and our total was well under $30. If we are in the area during happy hour, we will return for sure.
If you think eating sushi in a land locked state like, Arizona, is weird - well, it's not. It's not bad, but it's no Nobu. 

Stumbled upon this place after a craving for sushi rolls came over us. We were skeptical at first, but were pleasantly surprised. We ordered more food than we could finish, but everything was decent. 

Fries w/ nori powder = surprisingly tarty! We ordered skinny fries vs. steak. 

Gyoza = eh. Nothing spectacular. I'd order another plate of fries for an appetizer. 

Hamachi nigiri = decent slice of fish. Rice was ok. Nothing special, but I'd order it again. 

Sashimi salad = I didn't have it, but the two in my party who had it, loved it. Nice slices of fish on a bed of lettuce in a bowl. 

Dragon roll, spider roll, Philly roll = standard, but no wow factor. 

Tuna overload = yum! Spicy tuna on the bottom, topped with chunks of big eye tuna, wrapped in cucumber. A refreshing tasty bite! 

Hory fook, buffalo chicken sushi = I know, BUFFALO CHICKEN SUSHI?!?!!! Pass on BOTH sushi rolls. The Hory Fook lacked taste (not sure what it was) and the buffalo chix sushi was just...odd. 

Miso salmon = DELICIOUS!!! Moist, tender, sweet tasting salmon. Yum! Served on a bed of rice and sautéed mushrooms, broccoli rabe and carrots. The salmon and veggie mixture was superb! The rice on the other hand? Not cooked all the way. A little disappointed.
After driving around for 30 min trying to find parking and paying $20 to park, I was pretty stressed/angered. Then when I finally arrived to the restaurant one minute past the end of happy hour, the waiter would not honor the happy hour prices anymore. I was baffled at his lack of compassion.  If you come during happy hour, prices are reasonable. After happy hour, I cannot justify eating there.  However, I did end up eating there because I met up with a group of friends.

Food was ok but not very filling and service was terrible.
Perfectly cooked grilled salmon with vegetables. 
Really loved the hamachi kama and  varailety of appetizers. Great happy hours specials as well.
Stopped in on my way to Stand Up Live Comedy Club, had a wonderful experience.  Friendly bartenderess, good sushi roll, excellent job!

If you're downtown, across from Cityscape, it's worth a try!
This was recommended by my friend fame and cuz he's a health but now he doesn't come no more. Ill keep it alive for him.
Does anyone else fist pump when an unexpected check-in offer appears? Squid Ink Sushi provides Yelpers with 50% off the purchase of your first beverage.

We stopped in around 5pm for some Happy Hour sushi and wine. We sat on the patio, which wasn't the best choice with the constant noise of the Metro buses stopping directly in front of Squid Ink, and the vagrants who could hit you up for fifty cents so they can "catch the bus"--but that's not Squid Ink's fault. 

I'd like to recognize our server Stephanie for the great service received. She was very personable and timely with everything.

We had the Tempura Calamari appetizer, which was satisfying in regards to the freshness of the squid and the complement of the spicy aioli, but the batter was just bland and lacking in any form of seasoning. We then split the Horry Fook and Philly rolls. Horry Fook roll had great texture with the firmness of the jumbo shrimp and the crunchiness of the tempura breaded jalapeño, but again the tempura just lacks in flavor. 

Unlike most places downtown, Squid Ink has Happy Hour seven days a week from 3-7p.
Stopped by here while on vacation from the frozen midwest and exploring downtown Phoenix. 

I'm sure it's something to be taken for granted in sunny AZ, but I loved being able to sit at a bar out in the sunshine while it was snowing back home. Yes, I realize that makes me sound like a rube coming to the big city for the first time in his life, but it's true (well... gooooooooollllllly!).

It's a little light on vegetarian options, but the noodle bowl was tasty and large.

The age dashi tofu was unlike any I had before, but that wasn't really a good thing.  HUGE blocks of tofu with a slightly sweet breading and lightly drizzled with a topping. I liked it a lot on the first bite, but after the first one it was so heavy I couldn't eat much.

Prices were decent and the beer was cold.  I can't say I would make a special trip if I was back in town, but the food was decent, the service was friendly, and ambiance was pleasant.  Actually, I really liked the bathroom.  That's a big plus.
Food? Service? Atmosphere? Meh. Side note bartender gets visibly annoyed when you use the check-in promotion. "Sorry bro must be tough to have to look at my phone screen and then touch a button."
A great late night option for those who don't want to take the car out of the pre-paid parking lot near their hotel/convention center, downtown Phoenix. 
I'll admit we went there just to get the Yelp deal (50% off draught beer), but it turned out to be an awesome dining experience. Out for drinks morphed into full-fledged late-night meal. 

The service was great). Very attentive, friendly (but not pushy), and knowledgeable  (in spite of our server being new there).

The food was wonderful. We had a party of 4 and ordered a variety dishes and rolls, none of which disappointed. Dragon Roll is especially delicious. And we HAD to try the Tootsie roll (just because) and it turned out to be surprisingly yummy and not just a cute name!

Their selections of cold sake are come sable too (tho I can't possibly remember which ones we had)... The details are fuzzy now... But that is a GOOD sign when it comes to the quality of the alcoholic beverages, doesn't it?!

Overall, I highly recommend this place ANY time of the day, but for SURE as a fantastic late option.
My boyfriend and I like this place. It's definitely not the best, the reason we come back is because it's downtown and we like to sit outside.  

We had the Crab Rangoons,  they were ok. You can't taste the crab at all just the cream cheese. Also, the sauce it came with had that weird refrigerator taste. You know like when you leave something uncovered in the fridge. One thing that kind of had me uneasy was how quickly the rangoons came to our table. As soon as we were done ordering they brought out the rangoons. I was just wondering how was preparation done and if they just keep them stored somewhere.  At least pretend like you took some time to prepare my meal, don't let me think it just came out of a box from the store. 

Anyways,  my boyfriend had the teriyaki chicken. He liked it, didn't live it. He himself said he has had better. I had the Flying Phoenix,  something I've never had before. I liked it. 

Overall and it's a  average place.  Perfect if you happen to want sushi and eat down town.
So good! I am craving this place now whenever I go to Cenpho for a show.  I had the Hawaiin Something and the surf and turf. YUM.
Great service,  great sushi, the lemonade is delicious! Blue moon on Draft also great! Would return!
Very cool vibe! Great HH! Amazing Food!
Flew into Phoenix around 930, staying downtown. By the time i got checked in everything had stopped serving at the hotel bars and restaurants, but this place was next door and still open.  I was a little skeptical of a sushi joint open at 10 with only one other person there who sent back her ahi poke because she didn't realize it was raw fish. At a sushi place the raw fish surprised her. Nonetheless I didn't feel like wandering so I went in. 

Had the yakisoba and the green bean tempura. The tempura was lightly battered and the green beans were fresh and crispy. The yakisoba noodles were cooked well. The steak on top was bland, mostly because the sauce was in the noodles. Taking the effort to mix everything together in proper ratios it was quite pleasant, at first.  The spicy teriyaki is good but it becomes a bit much towards the end of the plate. 

I threw in some pieces of sashimi (Salmon and tuna) and a yellowtail nigiri. These were nothing special. Nothing wrong with them but nothing good either. 

The place has a nice decor but seems very quiet despite the vibrant happening vibe they are trying to project.
Great for a late night quick sushi fix downtown after a Suns game or a concert... Prices are reasonable...
Was in Phoenix for work and it was hot, hot, hot! We thought some good sushi would be a great idea. It was but unfortunately the A/C was not working properly in the restaurant. The happy hour specials offered good deals and the food was good. We had appetizers, rolls, and sashimi. The service was a little over chatty but I guess some people like that. A descent sushi option in downtown.
Terrible service... our waitress was practically ignoring us and she only had 3 tables! One star might be harsh yeah but I wont be spending that kind of money on a place this this again.
This place basically gets stars only because our waiter was the only guy who worked there who was super nice. Every one else who worked there were complete jerks. The food is super expensive, even with their happy hour pricing, and you don't get nearly enough to eat. Our group left making plans to go elsewhere to eat because everyone was still starving. 
The bathrooms there are super obnoxious. There are no signs, so I asked a waiter directions, and he merely told me, "Yes, we have bathrooms," and promptly left. Nice guy. I chanced a random hallway and ended up in what I thought was the guys restroom, because there was a dude there washing his hands at the counter.  No. You find a random closet to do your business, and everyone washes their hands together. Cozy. Except then you get to catch the waitresses who don't wash their hands. Oh yummy. 
Our plates were dirty, there were flies everywhere. And it was disgustingly hot in there. 
I suppose I should say something about the food. My buffalo chicken rolls were not bad (I'm pregnant so I'm not allowed to eat real sushi), and the chicken fried rice tasted like it was made from a box. The others said their Cali rolls were super bland. 
There was one other waiter who was super nice too. I won't leave him out, so he'll make up the second star. But everyone else... Well, I can't blame them for hating their jobs I guess. Lol.
Delicious sushi! The staff is extremely nice and the manager was very friendly. The restaurant is very clean as well. The caterpillar and rainbow rolls are really good. All taste fresh.  Great location downtown and very spacious.
From my experience, and the experience of the four other people I dined with, the sushi here is really, really good. Delicious, good sized, and the variety of rolls we can try is excellent.

The only off-putting thing about my vegetarian roll was that it included tempura asparagus and cream cheese. I'm under the general assumption that, if I'm ordering something with strictly vegetables, it won't have anything fried in it, and it will mention if it includes a dairy product. So I was a bit disappointed by this. However, I ate it, and it was good - just not what I expected, or wanted at that moment.
Squid Ink is a sushi bar located on Central Avenue in downtown Phoenix (most central/southern-most edge of the downtown area). There is a fee for the parking garage, which is located in the same building. It is very convenient.

The hostess who seated us looked rather unkempt, and she had pimply shoulders, which were exposed in a stringy tank top and kinda gross, but she was friendly. At first, the service was slow. We didn't know when the server would come and take our order--granted the restaurant was full, which is actually a good sign.

Once we got our drink order in it took a few minutes longer than we would have liked, but then things got rolling. We ordered several courses, and quite a lot of sushi. All of our food came out rather quickly. Way faster than I would have imagined for any restaurant, much less a sushi bar (which typically takes more time).

The miso is excellent. The seared beef dish was incredible--the meat was tender, like butter. Amazing! The cooked salmon with the kale salad was "the best ever" according to our table guest. The sashimi platter and suhi roll platters were just a scosh sparser than we would have liked, but the fish was impeccable. Really. Wow!

House chardonnay was buttery, not metallic. Water and tea were refilled with regularity, and as the food arrived we realized the whole staff worked very well together as a team. More than five different people came and went from our table, making sure we were taken care of. Everyone was friendly and professional.

Over all the value was very good. The prices were good. We loved our meal and we are definitely going back there!

If you sit outside there is a misting system, so you stay cool. Plus, the people watching is really fun.

Happy hour is all throughout the week--half price "starters", so that's always a good deal.

We recommend!
Love this place!!! Do not like sushi but this is Only place I know where you can get an asian style burger! Their teriyaki chicken is also stellar. One setback watch for the flies they are evrey where. Also servers whole polite also seem a bit too rushed.
I had the pokeroll and the dirty rockstar roll. I enjoyed both and the atmosphere of the restuarant
Had the beef yakisoba to go. I must say, for a dish like this "to-go" it was great. Lots of flavor, the beef was cooked perfect and tender.  A big plus for me was the vegetables were not mushy, steamed just right.
I wanted to give it a chance, I really did. I ate here four times...

The sushi is easily the worst on earth, which is probably amazing for Arizona, where Cuisine comes to die.

Anyway, what you look for in sushi is just one thing: Quality fish, cut well.

Their nigiri is stringy, tough, and often feels dry. It is just bad all around, I don't know if their chef is poor, or whomever is choosing their fish is just ignorant of the role.

I have been four times, different days of the week, different times. All horribly disappointing.

The waiters are also pretty bad, and slow, but that is a drop in an ocean.

The food is terrible.
First two times I went, I loved it and was very excited. Whenever new places open downtown, I feel such pride. Unfortunately, it's been less than impressive my past few trips (I know. I should stop trying.) The sushi wasn't great, my table was dirty and so were the ones around me, and the service was slow. If you're just going for a drink and edamame, this place fits the bill. Anything more and I suggest you go elsewhere.
This place is so clean! Got to love how modern it is in this place. Sushi was really good too. Good place to enjoy yourself
It was not great sushi and that's why, even though I enjoyed my time here, I am only giving 3 stars.

Great location. Cool, if a little pretentious, atmosphere. Water with cucumbers and stuff like that. We didn't order any drinks; thought the prices for drinks were absurd considering it didn't look like most of the cocktails had a lot of alcohol content. 

First thing we ordered was the sushi lunch platter. They brought out something that was different than what was on the menu but I ate it anyways. The sushi was not good. Tasted like what you find at Whole Foods or similar groceries; bland and stale. Not spicy at all. The sashimi were tasteless and strangely warm, which was unpleasant. Also ordered the coconut curry shrimp bowl, which was pretty tasty. My complaints are that the sauce was too sweet and rich, which made it feel kind of gross in my stomach afterwards. Also, $13 for some rice, four shrimp, and a boatload of sweet curry is just asking a little much. Would have enjoyed a few more veggies or more shrimp.

Service was good. Weird bathroom scenario. Would give it another try but not order sushi here.
I tried out this place a week ago, what I can say is that while the place is OK, but the food does not scream quality. I am giving it 3 stars because rarely do I leave bad reviews. If you wanna have sushi this is not the greatest place for you to go.
A leisurely lunch spot that still gets you in and out quickly during the lunch hour! In summary, you feel like you've been there enjoying a nice lunch for awhile but in reality, you're in and out before your lunch hour's up! Located right in the heart of Downtown Phoenix at CityScape, this is a perfect spot for lunchtime delight. They offer lunch specials which are very reasonably priced and come with a cup of Miso soup. During a lunch here, I enjoyed the Spicy Tuna lunch special which came with delicious spicy tuna, tempura eggplant, rice and other veggies. It was the perfect combination of filling and flavorful and I gobbled up ever bite! This is a great spot for lunch in Downtown Phoenix and one that I will visit again soon.
Amazing food! Amazing service (great job Madison) I stopped in for lunch today and had a wonderful experience. (Thank you Steven) This restaurant opens Nov. 18th and I can't wait to go back. 

I had the guacamole with pineapple and mint, it was very refreshing and a must for AZ warm weather, house salad, and two tacos. I tried the Urban Bean Beef and Thai Snapper. I love coffee and Urban Bean (the local coffee shop next door) so the beef was my favorite of the two. I recommend the Cilantro Dressing on everything. 

The decor and ambiance is wonderful, so glad to see that they kept many elements of the old church but it still feels like a restaurant. They have happy hour on both Sat and Sunday which is really nice. 

Thanks for a wonderful lunch Taco Guild, I can't say enough great things about my first dining experience! Excited to return and try the Lamb Taco and Ceviche.
I ordered a cup of tortilla soup and a few tacos for take out for my boss and I. The tortilla soup was delicious. Chunks of yummy chicken in a broth laden with melted cheese and a little kick. I also had the al pastor taco. Tender pork cooked in sweet and spicy yumminess. It also had pickled onions, which I loved. The tortilla was soft, but held together very well, even when I kinda rolled up the whole thing to eat. BossMan had the Guild Chicken and Yucatan Shrimp tacos, which he really enjoyed. 

The three tacos were a plate dish that included one side and I chose their rice. It had corn, which I love, and was good, but overall it wasn't anything spectacular. Our order also came with a bag full of delicious freshly fried tortilla chips. Probably some of the best I've ever had!

The taco plate and cup of soup with tax was $16+...a little on the pricy side considering my favorite tacos are the $1-2 authentic street tacos, but Taco Guild will be a good treat once in a while! This point is where they lack in receiving a 5-star review. 

The restaurant is located in a renovated old church and I think they did a wonderful job keeping the beauty of it. Even though everything is new, it has that old world feel to it.

Also to note, I believe it was created by the owners of Z'Tejas, so a lot of their flavors may have been brought over. My boss said the tortilla chips and salsa were similar, as well as the looks of my tortilla soup.
I am in love!  Since the moment I walk in everyone has been courteous, genuine and just awesome!  The bartender showed us to a table, there has been at least 4 servers that have helped us and the food, oh Lordy help me, the food is drool worthy!  The chips, which are complimentary, are the best I have had in a long time.  The salsa is not a great ball of fire which is good on my book.  The guacamole we tried was the one with pineapple and mint. Mmmmm! Mmmm good!  We did want the one with bacon and they were out but whatever, we were happy campers.  The tacos we had were out of this world!  The Thai snapper snapped me back to my honeymoon in Thailand only last month.  I swooned and was transported back to the most romantic trip I ever took.  We also had the Peking duck taco with apricot compote, it got my taste buds ready for the holidays.  Michael was our main server and he was so personable and well versed on the menu, such a plus since they have only been open 3 days!  There is a jukebox so you can pick music and the frescos are custom made and have "The Masters" seriously check them out.
Every aspect of my experience at the Taco Guild was amazing! My friend and I were over at the Urban Bean when we realized we wanted dinner. The word Taco caught my eye so we wandered over for some dinner. 

The environment of this place is amazing. Everything is beautiful, I feel like I could look around for hours and hours. All of the plates are from the Salvation Army. It's so fun to see what plate you will get next since they are all mismatched. 

I got the taco plate which was about $10 with the Al Pastor, Urban Bean Coffee Beef, and the Veggie taco. The al pastor taco was extremely flavorful and had very tender pieces of pork-no nasty grizzle. The coffee beef with mango and jicama salsa was wonderful with the contrast of sweet and salty. I especially liked the veggie taco with roasted brussel sprouts, peppers, and mushrooms with hummus. All were very flavorful. The Corn with Habenero Butter was also amazing and flavorful. 

Service was extremely friendly and we never had an empty glass. I can't wait to come back!
This is actually on Osborn and 7th street. what a great place, complex flavors at a good price. I recommend the "boots were made Oaxacan" cocktail. The building has a lot of history and really puts midtown on the map. All of the tacos were off the charts. Bang!
Awesome building!   Aspiring concept.   Poor delivery:  service is very slow...even for  bottled- beer orders.  We received our food in phases each person served minutes apart- not in tandem as is expected.     Poor choice of placing a music box to enhance the aural experience. ..and at the clients' expense.  Tried the mixed drinks to no better satisfaction: too sweet...and smaller portions than customary.  Tacos are just OK.  Substandard  dining experience  in a beautiful setting.
By far La Condesa Restaurant is a much better choice for authentic and delicious tacos served graciously: although not as dressed up a place.
Nice addition to the neighborhood.  Walked in on a Wednesday at 5pm and was seated immediately.  Fantastic job turning this old church building into a beautiful restaurant.  I like how they kept the stained glass.  Our service, although very nice, was bumpy.  

We ordered the soup of the day which we were told was tortilla but not what we got.  No big deal as what was served was terrific.  Not sure what it was exactly but it had ground beef and fresh veg.  We then ordered our dinner, the duck tacos were delicious as were the shrimp tacos.  We also ordered a side of corn that never arrived.  We let the food runner know we were missing the side but he did not seem to really care.  He said it would be along shortly but never came.  

If you get a chance, ask for the Tequila Book.  The book (menu) contains a huge list of pages of different kinds of Tequila they offer.  I did not bring my reading glasses so at first I was sure I did not read the menu correctly as I saw shots of tequila for $500... what???  I asked my dinner partner if that was five dollars and he assured me it was indeed $500.  

If your bank account does not allow for five hundred dollar shots, be advised they do have a great happy hour where you can get a draft beer  and shot of Tequila for five dollars.  (pretty sure it is not the five hundred dollar shot) 

They might have dessert but did not see any on the menu and we were not offered any.
My wife and I just happened to be at Starbucks when we decide to try Taco Guild. Once arriving we were seated very quickly. Unfortunately it was at a table that hadn't  been cleaned (kinda gross if you'd ask me) which shows a lack of communication between who ever is cleaning the tables and who ever is sitting them (or they couldn't care less where they sat my wife and I). The tables and chairs are booth style so it was a bit uncomfortable for me. The server was very nice and greeted us very warmly. Unfortunately (and I might attribute this to a busy night on his end) we weren't really told about the menu. Once the waiter left my wife and I felt as if we knew nothing more about Taco Guild then when we sat down, this could have been excused if this places had been open for a couple of months but this was the third night it was opened. All in all the meal was great it came out quick and hot and the server seemed to have adjusted better and was accessible more and more throughout our meal. I recommend the Taco Guild the food was great at the atmosphere is killer and I'm very excited to see if there are any sports nights or weekends coming up at Taco Guild. If you're a selective eater please make sure to ask questions (next time I'll take my own advice as well). Please see below for a personal side note...

*The meal went fine and I seldom felt a I need to call my waiter over. As we were leaving a man which I presumed worked there (he was standing around looking at the tables and standing with the host and what I assumed to be the owner...or maybe he was the owner) went to the door and held it open. What I hadn't realized was that he was holding it open for a couple (white and in there 50's maybe) coming in and not for my wife and I (Hispanic and white respectably) which were going out. The man after noticing my wife and I motioning towards the door continues to motion the couple which was entering to come in. Awkward at best this situation left a poor taste in my mouth.
We got take-out tonight and several things were wrong when we opened everything up at home. My meal consisted of the house salad and onion straws. The salad was missing the avocado and onion straws did not come with the aioli sauce. So annoying! Especially since the salad came with few toppings anyway. The salad was very bland...probably since it was made with iceberg lettuce. Green leaf lettuce or spinach would elevate this salad. 

My husband asked that they not add jalapenos to the guacamole but it parts of it were very spicy. Not sure what else would have made it hot. My husband liked his tacos but my meal was a total fail. Seems like they need to iron out a few kinks.
I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of Taco Guild for months. I drive and walk by frequently since I'm a nearby Cheery Lynn Historic neighborhood resident. I checked out the menu online before they opened their doors and could hardly wait to taste each of the deliciously described taco creations. So tonight we were excited to finally get to check it out. 

The very first thing I noticed when we walked through the doors was how freaking LOUD it was!! Like really loud!!! The music is blasting right over your head and my husband and I felt like we had to yell to each other over the 2 feet of table between us. It is a big open space with concrete floors so not a lot to absorb the sound but the music needs to be kicked down several notches. I have been to places where I think to myself it is too loud (and I watch movies and t.v. with subtitles because I can't hear all that well) but for this reason alone, I could not wait to get out of there. It stressed me out the whole time... so uncomfortable. 

The tacos on the other hand were pretty yummy! It is not on the menu for some reason, but our very nice waiter told us that you can do a three taco platter that comes with a side (the menu only has everything a la carte). It was my husband, myself and our six year old son. We got two platters, so six tacos and two sides for us all to split. We did the Al Pastor Pork (delish), Urban Bean Coffee Braised Beef (the only thing our kid could eat since everything else was on the spicy side and there's no options for kids), Guild Chicken (my third favorite), Yucatan Shrimp (good, but my least fave), Thai Snapper (my second favorite - so good!) and the Peking Duck (my favorite - surprising flavors - very creative!!)

The sides were pretty bland. The descriptions on the menu make them sound so good. I was disappointed in the Grilled Corn "off" the Cob and the Green Chile Achiote Rice. I just wished they lived up to my expectations and were more flavorful.

Another thing is I realize with the loud music and the bar that they are not necessarily catering to families with kids, but there should be something kid-friendly on the menu at any restaurant. A chicken and cheese quesadilla or bean and cheese burrito or something. Take it from St. Francis and Postino's: both more adult settings, but have kid friendly options on their menus. We eat out A LOT and pretty much always have the kid with us. We don't want to have to get a babysitter just because we want to have good food in a fun atmosphere. 

Since it is just down the street and we love to support local owned business we will most definitely come back and give it another chance. Like to try some guacamole since I saw the people that sat at the table next to us order it and it looked delicious. I also want to try the Grilled Romaine Salad since the pic on the website looks amazing.

I've reread my review and I hate that I sound so negative. I'd like to think they are just getting into their groove and it will only improve with a little feedback. I want to see them do well since I think it is a great addition to the neighborhood!
Loved it.  Food was great
The building is beautiful.  I loved that they didn't try to 'modernize'.  As others have mentioned, it is very loud inside.  The open rafters lets everything echo and then the music was loud.  As this was the first time there, it would have been nice to get an explanation of the tacos.  Unfortunately because of the acoustics, it was almost impossible to hear the waiter or any explanation.  The food was good, but I did think it a bit strange that when our food came out, it came out piece meal.  We were a group of four.  One plate came out, then two, and the last plate came out five minutes later.  When we place our order, we indicated to the waiter that there would be three individual checks.  When the check came, it was all together.  He offered to split the check, but got the splits incorrect.
I have been so excited for this place to open!  What a treat to have a surprise birthday party here last night! Drinks were amazing, food was delish, and service was EXCELLENT! Thank you, Kyle, for your patience with our (probably annoying and obnoxious) table! Get the STEAK (can't remember exact name) TACO. Yum!!!!
so I decided to get some takout from Taco Guild and have a drink at the bar. The design of this place is AWESOME!!! it's like an old church in there with the stained glass windows, tons of wood beams and huge gothic looking chandeliers. I had a margarita on teh rocks, just the perfect margarita. For food, I wetn with three tacos: The peking Duck, the Lamb Molida and the Carne Adovado. The wife had the house salad and a side of crispy onions. Now I will say the tacos are a touch expensive at $5 each for the specialty tacos, but they're quality and loaded with great ingredients. My fave, hands down, was the Peking Duck. it had this peanut and carrot slaw and just perfectly fatty roasted duck..stupid good. I wasn't a fan of the molida lamb taco, it just tasted funky. Teh adovado was pretty good, and had a great apricot chutney on top that worked well with it. From my experience, it was 3.5 starts. Wifey didn't have a good experience. her salad was under dressed, plus done with cheap iceburg lettuce..ickey. And they forgot the aioli with the crispy onions, which they desperately needed. they also left off the avocado on her salad. All in all I'll be  back for sure to eat the peking duck tacos and try a few others out.
Love what they did to the building, the food, not so great. Sunday night, 4 of us ordered 3 tacos ea. and got one of every side dish. After 3 different servers auctioned off our food around the table, all the tacos were cold. The ancho chilli black beans were unedible, they tasted like a handfull of chilli powder and cumin. The chorizo rice was bitter and no one ate more than 1 bite. The happy hour $5 wine could not have been much more than a 5 oz pour. The happy hour margarita machine was down, no subs offered. Had a small $9 margarita that tasted good, but no value at that price point. Never offered a dessert menu, still not sure if they even have dessert? 
This look like a case of spending a ton of dough on the building, and trying to make it back by cutting corners on the food and alcohol. Probably wont be going back anytime soon.
Wanna be Pink Taco. Bad service at the bar, the manager explained my friends meal at "beef" even though she is a vegetarian and it wasn't that taco. Juke box is a horrible idea. Had to listen to eminem and heavy metal. They send out meals according to when it's ready and prepared so it doesn't get cold in the back, yet it gets cold because you don't want to be rude and start eating without your company having their food. The place itself is very cute and could be really cool, unfortunately I was let down. Save your money and go to chipotle
Writing this actually makes me sad.  I would actually like to rate it a 2.5 but I'm being kind and rounding up because I am hugely appreciative of what they have done with the building.  That being said when architecture is the 1st thing that comes to mind when talking about a restaurant, there is probably some room for improvement.

The usage of the space is remarkable. It's a very trendy looking place with warm tones and despite it being one large open room, they were able to pull off at least the appearance of intimacy. But that's where the warmth stops.  The deafening mix of customer driven music selection is way too loud. It is almost impossible to hear anyone even at a small four top without leaning in and utilizing your best lip reading skills.  And if the owners could limit the techno trance options to maybe 1/3 of the options, I would gladly toss in another half star.  The bar is spectacular however, so if you just want someplace to just soak in the atmosphere, park yourself under the magnificent chandelier and drink it in.

The menu is less than user friendly.  Everything listed is ala carte, however there seem to be combos available which only appear to be available to people on the inner circle.  We even asked if there was a possibility of getting a quesadilla (since tortillas and cheese are key components of several items) and were told that if it's not listed on the menu, it is not available.

The prices are way out of line with other similar venues.  The tacos are $4 per and they are the smallest street tacos I have seen in a very long time. They are not bad. They are just four bites and that is way too steep.  The burros are reasonably priced for what you get, so go with one of those if you don't eat like America's Next Top Model. The salsas (both fresh and bottled) are good but the chips come straight out of a bag and that irritates me. If you are going to sell yourself as a gastropub, you need to be able to carry off the "gastro" portion of the title. Everything else seems fresh, why would you chintz on the chips?!!  And the $8 guacamole? It's ok but no more. Yes it's fresh and clearly made on site but it is not worth even half that. I love that you can select chunky or smooth but that is where the love story ends.

Service is my final pick point. Our order taker was very friendly, but the four other people that sporadically delivered food left a lot to be desired.  There was a five minute lag between the first taco hitting our table and the last burro... unacceptable; and then we had to ask for the guacamole that was delivered and then were told they had given it to another table by mistake. They took that off the check but it just added to the already uneven service.

So I will probably give it another try after they have had some time to work the kinks out.  And I truly hope they do. Like I said, I'm unbelievably happy they have saved the building and I like what they have done with it for the most part. Now if they could just bring the food up to level of the space and work on the service it would be great place to hang out.
We tried out Taco Guild because we had a hankering for  tacos and America's was closed on Sunday. I love how they re-purposed the church building and the bar looks awesome. The drink menu was attractive but that isn't what we were there for. I might come back to hang out at the bar sometime but we came for the tacos. On par with every new, hip restaurant in town, the music was too loud , the place is designed to be loud and it's not conducive to having a conversation. I'm being a little more generous in my rating than I might be because it's only been open a week. If I were only rating the food I would only be at two stars because you can get good street-style tacos elsewhere that are just as good at almost half the price. I was surprised that ala carte tacos were $4.00. I expected them to be bigger and better at that price. We ordered the ceviche of the day which was nothing more than tiny shrimp and a few pieces of white fish with some mango and onions. When I saw how small the portion was I immediately thought it to be was overpriced at $10. It was nothing special. I won't be ordering that again and I don't recommend it unless you want to spend an extra $10. We didn't enjoy the chips they served with the ceviche either. They looked interesting and there was twice as many as needed for the small amount of ceviche, just didn't like them. We liked the chips that were served with the guacamole better. The guac was which was fresh and very good. Maybe I'll give the food a try another time but I think I'm more likely to come back for drinks and eating will be my secondary focus.
So first off, I have to say that what they have done with the church is amazing and renewing older Phoenix structures is exactly what Phoenix needs more of. Also, the inside decor is amazingly beautiful and it is obvious that it was thoughtfully chosen. The one thing I have to say about the ambiance is that the music was WAY too loud. I could barely have a conversation with anyone at my table. I would like a restaurant ambiance and not one that I would find at a Scottsdale club.   

Despite the awesome decor, I had many issues with the food. First of all I thought the guacamole was WAY over priced for the small little dish that we received. I honestly felt totally robbed for a guacamole dish that wasn't particularly special. Second, I thought the tacos were also way over-priced for what we got; $4 or $5 a taco left me again feeling totally robbed. Our waitress did let us know that if you order three tacos then you get a free side, which we all took advantage of. However, these sides are quite small and if ordered on their own are $2.50. Definitely not worth the price. Overall, the taste of the tacos was very good so they did get that aspect right.  

Finally, we went during the opening week so I won't be entirely harsh on the service, but what service we did receive was very poor. Once we were seated we waited 20 minutes for a waitress to come to the table and she wasn't even our actual waitress. She kindly took our orders, but we still had to wait ten more minutes for our waitress to come by the table and fill our waters. Thankfully, she took an item off our bill to show us that she was sorry. I'm sure the service will get better with time, but if prices stay where they are then I'm not sure I will return.
This is a great find! In an old church which the property dates back to the 1880's, the current church building was constructed in the 1940's. Exposed wood beams, original stained glass, eclectic decor, including enlarged copies of Rembrandt's on the upper walls. The huge bar takes the place of the old altar complete with 2 60" tv's that almost appear to be floating above the massive back bar. They squeeze a lot of fresh fruit for their cocktails. I had the Blushing Seniorita.. It was so good I ordered a second;) it's a berry sangria. My husband had 2 craft beers. The tacos are street tacos, so they're small but packed full of flavor! I tried the coffee beef, Peking duck, and shrimp tacos with a side of onion straws. The Peking duck was my fave. My husband had the coffee beef, the chicken, and the al pastor. He enjoyed the coffee beef the best. His side was the corn off the cob and he said it was really good. History+good drinks+good food+ atmosphere= cool place ya gotta check out!!! The service at first was a little slow, but the place was packed. We were seated immediately, but it took a bit to order and get our meal. To be expected when its a new place and the place is packed. I know we'll be back again:)
Be you sinner or saint, Taco Guild is a place to pay penance and make peace with all manner of spirits and eucharist. Their tacos and other sides take your palette to heaven on earth. If I was a "sister", I'd make a "habit" of coming to this taco sanctuary. 

The place is jumping and popular. Great location and well executed on the use of the church, makes the artisan guild concept really work. The "duo guild starter" is great for a party of three or four to start. Pray that you get sat in kutie-Kyle's section. This guy is heaven sent: sweet, sincere, efficient, and charming to boot. Take him up on the jalapeño bacon in the guacamole - delicious!

It's a loud place, has a juke box, and the acoustics of a church. So if you're old, lame, or kind of a "stick in the mud", probably not your scene. The night I went it was swarming with couples from the Biltmore and Arcadia area, followed by Melrose gayberhood crews and Roosevelt Hipsters came about 7ish - fun scene if you don't take yourself or religion too seriously.
Decided to try this place out due to the awesome decor but was sadly disappointed. Coming from a restaurant background I know what to expect and what is incorrect. To start off my boyfriend and I were greeted with an unfriendly guy who looked like he was more than ready to leave for the night. he brought us our drinks then disappeared for quite some time. By the time he came around to ask for an appetizer order we were already losing patience. The food took forever to hit the table. The food was mediocre and the service didn't help. We had to ask several different people to fill our waters and were only checked on once which was when we asked for the check. I had high hopes for this place but simply left with leaving a note on the check saying "service needs a lot of work, step it up." Won't be going back.
I was hesitant to go to Taco Guild even though several of my friends had told me it was great. This is a challenge with Social Media. The other Yelp reviewers that I read were luke warm to negative. I am a very picky person. Well traveled. Very demanding. A group of five friends all ventured into the Taco Guild on a Friday night after Thanksgiving, and we were thrilled. The atmosphere is hip and rocking! No wonder the reviewer thought that it had no kid friendly menu! They are right, but they should not knock the place! It is not meant for kids. Shame on them for expecting that from a Taco/Tequila Bar!!!!! It is also loud in a good way. The vibe is super modern, really epitomizing what is happening on Phoenix. The energy was awesome. The drinks were adventurous, if not always successful. We all had a different one, and some were better than others, but none was boring. The food was reasonable in price and tasty, with the hot sauces really awesome. We had planned on buying some to take home, but, sadly, we forgot. We will be back to do so! The tacos were delicious, the burritos were also great. I had the chicken burrito with a side of beans. Others had the steak burrito and various traditional or modern tacos. All were really very good. Service was great, prompt and fun loving. Really hip!

All in all I am thrilled that we ignored the rather mixed reviews on Yelp. They were often missing the point of this urban marvel. The architecture of this converted church alone makes it worth the trip. The food is an added extra. Don't hesitate! Just go!
By now, you've probably all seen what this place looks like either on the news, Yelp! or Instagram, and it truly is beautiful inside.
I came with some family members for Happy Hour.
I was offered a drink, but declined stating I was going to wait a bit for the rest of my party. Well the server took that to mean that I wasn't going to drink at all that night and routinely ignored me when taking everyone else's drink orders once they arrived.
The food was decent. Nothing earth-shattering, inventive or innovative. The blended margarita was good, and the wine was tasty, but as my uncle said "just because the restaurant looked like a church doesn't mean they have to give us communion sized portions!"
Will I come back? Yes, several friends want to try it out. Are there better options? Yes! I'm dying to get back to Gallo Blanco. Better tacos! And less expensive!
Pros:
- Beautiful architecture. The main room is very loud but if you sit in the front part of the former vestibule, it's much more pleasant.
- Good sangria.
- Friendly server.
- Tacos are good, the lamb was my favorite.

Cons:
- Expensive. I like America's Tacos just as much (and their corn is better) and my bill will be far less. Granted, not the same atmosphere, but come on, did Phoenix really need another place to get tacos? 
- Service was iffy. Our party of five was willing to overlook given the business is new, despite this being a concept restaurant from an established restaurant chain that one would presume has its act together. But the food did not come at the same time, served one plate at a time with about 5+ minutes wait  in between. Only the first person served (who politely waited and ate his food cold) got exactly what they ordered. Only I got my dinner delivered from our server. The rest was brought by mystery staff who weren't all that friendly.
- The charge for the bill was wrong. Our server blithely told us to pay however we wanted, so one of our party paid for two people and the entire tip. Two of us discovered the next day that the restaurant had charged each card 20% extra, effectively changing the amount from the signed slips.

The bottom line for me is, I would only go there again for an occasion. And I would take cash.
I've been stalking Taco Guild for months now. Every time I'd go to Starbucks next door, I'd creep on Taco Guild, snapping pics of the structure and the dope typography on the wall. Being sure, of course, to upload it on Instagram and hash-tag it with things like #omgtacos #imadesigner #typographynerd #wheredemtacos. So as you can imagine, when they finally opened, I was quite excited and had high hopes for the restaurant.

First of all, there was a lot of meticulous thought put into this entire concept. Being a designer/art director, I know what it takes to maintain a level of consistency throughout a restaurant. This place was just excellent in terms of execution and aesthetic. The actual building itself was gorgeous, and I'm a huge sucker for stained glass windows. Everything from the logo, to the murals, to the design of the menu - color me impressed. Which is the color of chartreuse, I heard. Anyway, we all know why I really went - to stuff my chipmunk cheeks with savory tacos. You can have awesome design, but the food is key (duh). I started off with the chips and salsa - pretty standard, good salsa. Whatevs. I was particularly hungry, so I ordered 3 tacos and 2 sides. I had the peking duck, molida lamb, and guild chicken with a side of red beans and grilled corn. The tacos were very delicious, I loved the unique toppings and flavors to all 3. My favorite however was definitely the lamb. The sides didn't disappoint either, both were packed with flavor and by the time I had consumed everything, I was quite plump and happy. There was no way I could eat any more food and...oh what's that? You have a prickly pear sorbet? Sure I'll take that as well. This turned out to be an excellent idea, as it was the perfect amount of sweetness to satisfy my sweet tooth. 

So why the 4 stars instead of 5, Lindi K.? Cause I felt like it yo! Just kidding. It's because I felt the food was a wee bit overpriced (but not surprised by this) and because the tacos weren't as good as Taqueria Los Yaquis, which is literally $1 for a taco. Although, Taco Guild does have a bar...bonus. No matter though, the entire concept was impressive and I had a lovely time there. I think this place will do very well.
Went there with some friends Nov 16th because their Facebook said it was open. We didn't seeing the big "private party-open Nov 18th" outside. Got the big 'no service' polite hustle out even after pulling up the Facebook page and showing the owner the green "open" on FB. Very sloppy planning!! 

Owner reluctantly gave us a $5 chip after that. I gave it to one of my friends that night and I live 2 blocks away. I remember when this was a Korean Methodist church.

Decor: cheap looking 'Christopher Columbus' italian border on the former church's inside. Big plasma tv sets by bar. Bad use of such a amazing space!

Food: friend noticed only soft tacos on menu, no hard. My espn says the goal of this is makin $ not good food.
Had some friends in from San Diego in this past weekend and decided it would be a great time to check this place out. We had a party of 11 so it took about 40 minutes to get seated which wasn't bad considering it was a Friday night.. The hostess was as sweet as can be and totally kept us informed about when we would get seated. 

First of all this place is downright gorgeous.. The whole church architecture makes for a great space.  I heard others saying how loud it was but honestly I didn't find it bad.. It was louder than most places but gives it a hip vibe. 

We had a great server.. He was working hard to get all our drinks and food out and kept all our drinks refilled. Took him a while to sort out all the separate checks but considering it was busy and all I totally didn't mind the wait to get the check. 

The menu consisted of pretty much only burritos and gourmet tacos.. Everyone seemed to enjoy them..I had the grilled steak burrito with this really good cajun aioli sauce.. But the side of onion straws it comes with was a definite fail.. No seasoning and mostly crumbs..seems like they could do better than this.. A few complaints about the sides but overall everyone enjoyed it. Price wise it's not cheap for what you get and food wasn't anything mind blowing. 

I don't see myself visiting this place much but if others wanted to go I would go back..maybe they will improve some as they go along.
The 2 stars are for the decor only.  The food was not good! We will stick with Gadzooks across the street!
Love the taco creations and the décor! Taco Guild is housed in an old church. Complete sense of repurpose! The Stained glass windows (They appear to be original) give an ambiance that is unlike anywhere else in the valley.

The Food:
Guacamole: The choices! I added jalapeño bacon to mine- it was delicious! 

Tacos: My favorite is the Lamb (served with blue cheese which is a nice compliment). The Yucatan Shrimp, Red Snapper and Urban Beans Braised Beef were also favorites.

Drink: Friends who had the margarita's were huge fans.
Much like everyone else, I love the building. I do wish however, that it lend itself to equally impressive food. It does not. I ordered three tacos (chicken, veggie, shrimp) and while they were good, they were nothing to write home about. Not in the same ballpark as Gallo Blanco whatsoever, but more pricey. You get sides when ordering three tacos and after tasting the rice, I wish I hadn't. If you love greasy sides without any flavor whatsoever, do get the combo plate. This place would probably be best for happy hour drinks prior to departing to a delicious place like Gallo for dinner. 2 stars for the novelty factor.
Well, if your address isn't correct and you don't pick up the phone to help with directions you can't expect a great customer response...  Was really looking forward to eating here, now not so sure.
Life sized murals of Rembrandts line the walls in this high ceilinged church turned restaurant. The stained glass inspires one to an earlier age of divine purpose with quotes such as "love...in deed and in truth." At the center hangs a massive gothic wrought- iron chandelier with candles (LeD).   You will find many more like them throughout.  The two large communal tables also feature gothic candelabra center pieces, giving the place the same ambiance and feel of a Guild Hall from the 1600s. Lighting is low and alluring, noise level one you would expect at a gastropub.  On a  Tuesday night the place was very busy, which says a lot about an establishment.

Very impressed with the bartenders, so skilled at their  craft and knowledgable about the menu.

Ambiance and decor I give this place 4 stars.
Service and Staff: 4 stars.
Food is sadly only 3 stars, and here is why.

First off, the drinks are amazing!  Great craft cocktail menu overall as well as many local beers on draft such as Cartel, Papago, Four peaks and San tan.
The Blushing señorita was my favorite! Coppola rosso, hangar one berry vodka, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries.  Order it as the Virgin Senorita for a fabulous non-alcoholic cocktail.

We ordered the The Duo Guild which is one small portion each of their guacamole and the queso.
Upon a recommendation, we ordered the Guac with the jalapeño bacon.  Sadly all we could taste was bacon, and I personally feel that bacon has no place in Guacamole, unless you don't like the taste and texture of Avocados.  So, the bartender happily switched out our order and gave us the traditional Guac instead.  It essentially tasted like smashed avocadoes, and lacked any specific flavor or spice level.  You get spoiled when you have Guacamole at places like the "Mission", so we were very unimpressed.  The Queso was unremarkable, it virtually tasted like the Nacho cheese you get at the movie theater.  

Next came the House salad with cilantro dressing.  While the creamy and flavorful cilantro dressing is delicious, the lettuce had all the appeal of a cheap bag of iceberg in a bag at the grocery store, and the sliced avocados on top did not help much.

The side of Corn off the cob grilled in jalapeño butter was a side we ordered along with our three tacos, but aside from a little heat at the end also remained uninspired.

This restaurant being called "Taco Guild", I was ready to be wowed and to find some divine inspiration in one of my favorite comfort foods.  We sampled the Al pastor, the  taco, cherry steak, and lamb.

Al Pastor: Grilled pineapple, jalapeño bacon, pickled red onion.  Least favorite.  When you have been in the south of Mexico and noshed on an Al Pastor from a street vendor, with merely the flavor of the succulent and marinated meat and fresh cilantro and a squirt of lime - you get disappointed when every restaurant wants to add pineapple and weird pickled onions or essentially just distract you from the fact that the meat itself isn't all that great. So, no bueno on this one.

The Cherry Steak Taco.  Crispy poblano onion straws, chile aïoli, bleu cheese.   Awesome!  And then just a bit strange.  Disclaimer: I love bleu cheese, and it pairs well with a good cut of meat.  Add the onion straws and a little kick of chili and it's a very good combination - but it doesnt really taste like a taco but a steak wrap.  Completely americanized taco, in my opinion not a good choice for the taco purist.

The Molida Lamb taco.  Creole aïoli, bleu cheese, sweet potato hay.  Again, same interesting combination as above, but I don't think lamb works with bleu cheese or creole seasonings.  My tastebuds prefer mediterranean combinations.  This would have been great with a garlic tzatziki instead of bleu cheese.

I would definitely come back here for cocktails and socializing, the salsa and chips are excellent, and I would possibly sample other items on the menu - but when I have a Taco craving I would rather venture to Joyride or basically any authentic Mexican taqueria where I know what to expect and pay $1-2 instead of $3-$5 for a taco that isn't really a taco.

Please add fresh cilantro to all your dishes.  I believe I spotted some, but it looked wet and tired and I tasted none of it.

Kudos to your incredible house hot sauces.  We loved all three, in mild medium and hot.  Mild is a green jalapeño which burns a tad at the end but delicious.
Spicy, the habanero chili, is amazing!!! Medium is Chili Pequin (chile de Arbol, chili Pequin, tomato sauce, garlic, salt, white vinegar, agave nectar).

The chefs may be hesitant to kick the food up a notch, but I want to be the biggest fan of this place, as I love the space and the staff and the entire concept.  Just adding fresh cilantro and limes to the tacos, and maybe offering some more simple tacos for us purists, would create some enlightenment.
While the building is amazing, the food is not good at all and the service is worse. We waited over 30 min after we paid our check to get a to-go bean burrito. The "acting manager" was also the cook and was not concerned about the issue. The corn was dried out and tasted like it was from a can. The cherry chipotle steak tacos got its flavor from the slathered on chipotle mayo. Phoenix KNOWS great Mexican food and this is not it. Save cash and go to Ranch Market. Our experience was an expensive nightmare.
Tried this place out today.  Had the duck taco, it was very well done.  The shrimp taco also captured my heart.  The coffee braised beef, was not a flavor to my liking.  At all.  The atmosphere was very cool.  I like the use of a historical structure.  Seating was comfortable, in a church way.  Pews and high bar stools.  This is not the place if you are looking for classic tacos, but it's amazing for new twist on 'em.
Oh, it's hipster. Yes, very hipster. But it's cool and good. 

Housed in a vacated Greek Orthodox church, they've done a lovely job by leaving the stained glass windows and murals and making the vestibule into a small dining area.

Not many food options, limited menu. I got the tacos because they had interesting options...lamb and duck were my choices. The rest of the menu is kind of meh and overpriced. 

Service really sucked but I'll give them a pass on that because they have only been open for two weeks.
The menu looked great and delicious! The reviews and location really swayed my friends and I to stop by. Unfortunately, the lack of service made us leave because our "server" failed to show up after 15 minutes of sitting and waiting. So we went to grab a guarantee nice bite at Eriberto's on Osborn and 7th Ave :)!
Came here for lunch on a Friday. The place was packed, but we got a table pretty quickly. The ambiance and place itself is amazing, as you can see by the pictures and other descriptions. I couldn't stop looking around at all the cool features. LOVE the stained glass windows and giant candle chandelier that hangs over the center of the room.
We ordered our food, and about 30 minutes passed. Then the waitress came by to tell us that the kitchen was slammed and our food would be a bit longer. Another 10-15 minutes later, our food came out, but not all at once. 
The food itself was very good. We couldn't stop eating the freshly made chips and salsa that they brought out. I got the pork and beef tacos with a side of corn, and my boyfriend got the chicken burrito. Everything tasted fresh and authentic. The tacos are really small, and I could have eaten at least 1 more.
The waitress came over after our meal to let us know that our meal was totally on the house because of the long, ridiculous wait. She sat down with us for a minute to explain that they had just opened up (we were aware of that) and really weren't prepared for such a busy lunch hour. I really appreciated her taking the time to apologize and explain things. I told her that we understood and would definitely be back to try them again.
Overall: Cool place, great tasting Mexican food, but they are still working out some kinks with the service/kitchen so don't expect a quick lunch experience.
I agree with everything that has been said about the stunning interior of this restaurant, but you can't eat the eye candy. Unfortunately the food is sadly lacking. Every good Mexican cook knows soft tacos should be warmed a minute on the grill before stuffing. The sides seem like after thoughts that have not been seriously developed. The house sauces come in 3 small bottles tableside, but it's nearly impossible to get anything out of them. La Condezza on 16th Street with its impressive salsa bar delivers this same concept much better and cheaper.
I am going to return to Taco Guild and hope for a better experience than the first. I went shortly after they opened and it seemed they still had a few kinks to work out, but I know that is normal for any new spot so I will go easy with the criticism. It took up space in the old Methodist Church and maintained the beauty of the structure by repurposing the gorgeous old building instead of rebuilding it. The stain glass windows, giant chandeliers and alter bar truly are magnificent. 

The tacos were gourmet street tacos and they were not bad, but for their price point I expected a little more. (Gallo Blanco knows what I'm saying, they've got it down). The chips were delicious but I have to admit the salsa reminded me that this is the child of Z'tejas. I like that they serve all local crafted beers, but I was disappointed there was not one Mexican beer on tap. Who wants to wash down a shot of tequila with an IPA?

The place is family style which I don't mind, but the table they sat us at was so cramped I barely had room to move. Also the brick walls and high ceilings really carry voices, and I had to shout through my meal to hear my bf (not the best thing when you are sitting next to 4 strangers).

The service was horrible, but I won't harp on that because they had just opened. 

The valet service was atrocious, this has no impact on my review but hopefully they can get the feedback somehow.
We went to get the car and it was raining, the valet wouldn't leave his post because he was waiting for another guy to come back, he wouldn't give us the keys because the car was parked across Osborn.
We stood there for over 10 minutes in the rain. They weren't that busy, there was no rhyme or reason for this. 

I will return and hope for a better experience (and maybe skip the valet), it really is a cool spot, and it just needs to work a few things out.
I joined a friend for dinner and we had a great meal and fine experience.  Neither of us drink, but the ice tea was perfectly brewed and my glass stayed full.  We each had the three taco plate with side, which was quite delicious.  My favorite being the Chipotle Cherry Steak taco.  The fresco art of the Dutch Masters, the dark wood, and the stained glass brought a great style which made the church renovation quite beautiful.  The staff was excellent and our server, 
Mike, provided great customer service.  Good food, good service, and good decor - it's a win!
Ok the food is tastey, and the atmosphere is welcoming and very comfortable.

However here's the rub (for myself anyway) very little food for. I went to taco guild on a recent week nite along with two friends. We all agreed the food was tastey and the atmosphere very nice. Its 3.75 or 3.95 for each taco at first I thought it seemed a bit on the high side price wise but I thought well this is a gastro pub and the tacos are going to be special, so I went with it. I ordered 3 vegetarian tacos and one side I choose corn off the cob. My companions choose 3 chicken tacos withe the side of corn.  Now when the food arrived we were all surprised at how small the tacos were and they were small. The side of corn was tiny also. The chips and salsa were a nice addition however the small amount of salsa they give you means you need to continously request a refill. Now we ate our food and. Enjoyed the atmosphere.
We all had the same feeling we were all still hungry. 

There are so many fancy restaurants in the phx sctsdale area. And as always it seeems like the main foucus is on making sure the plates and the decour are posh and that there's expensive art. And the food may be delicious. How ever you pay for the atmosphere and the fancy art. And most of the time the portions are small and the prices are high or very high. So you pay a large bill and you leave hungry.  Taco Guild is one of thoses places. For ladies who lunch it may be perfect for a small business lunch fine. But if your  working class lot and are looking for a lunch or dinner. I don't think taco guild will satisfiy your hunger and your wallet will be empty at the same time
Enjoyed Sunday lunch here earlier this afternoon. I love the 'Church' presence and how the owners used and added decor to this theme. Tacos were tasty. Servers were nice. I love that this spot isn't too far from home. Taco Guild is a Keeper. Cheers***
Disregard all the negative publicity, this restaurant is a true gem...  Great ambiance,  amazing atmosphere, excellent service and phenomenal food...  A Must!
Loved it! Definitely will be back to try more items. Had the Veggie tacos and tried all the side items, everything was great! Atmosphere and the service was incredible and Timothy very informative.
I was excited when taco guild open.  So, my husband and I decided to try it out before we went to the ballet in downtown on a Sunday afternoon.  First of all we waited ten minutes before a waiter came over to give us water and chips.  Then we waited five more minutes before we could order our food.  Last thing my husband ordered a burrito without rice on it and it came with rice on it.  :(  At least they were good about getting him a new burrito pretty quick. 

The atmosphere was pretty cool and I liked the look of the place. But the service was not all that great and the prices are a little high for a street taco.
My only thought about Taco Guild is that is it not worth it.  I love tacos, so it's safe to  say I was looking forward to trying this place.  Now I'd like to make it clear that my star total is strictly for the food.  The service, the decor and the ambiance are wonderful.  This place is beautiful and everyone was super friendly.  I will go back just because the experience was awesome, but I won't be the one suggesting it, because of the food.  The food was alright, but not outstanding.  I do like the options.  They have a duck taco and a lamb taco.  So that's fun.  However, the tacos were small.  For $4-$5 a taco, two should fill me up.  And you don't get a free side unless you buy 3 tacos, otherwise they run about $2.50.  I had a side of rice which probably wouldn't have filled up my hand.  I get that they are quality local ingredients, but I feel like the markup is a little ridiculous.  If you have a large appetite and a small budget, I DO NOT recommend Taco Guild.  Being that we live in Arizona, there are MANY other taco options around.  If you do go, go for the building.  It is really lovely.
There are too many choices in Phoenix that are better.

I was so excited to go to Taco Guild since it looked like a cool place..  When you walk in, the church vibe of the restaurant was really cool, but that is when our cool experience ended.

Our server was nice, but the food service was so slow. We sat down and immediately ordered since it was just two of us, Food took over an hour for a vegetarian burrito, and when it came out is was average at best, and the side was a bunch of fried veggie things. The salsa was uninspired, and the Guild Duo was not great either. Gallo Blanco has better guacamole. La Contessa's burrito's are far superior.

Then it was insulting that they wanted to give us $5 each to take off our next meal, WHICH DOES NOT ADDRESS THE SLOW SERVICE AN BELOW AVERAGE FOOD ON THIS VISIT. They did take off $10 because we vocalized our displeasure about their offer,

We will probably use the $5 off for a beer, since that we be hard to mess up.
This is not your typical Mexican food!!   If you want authentic Mexican this is not the place.  The food is very Caribbean, Puerto Rico, meets Central America.  The food has much more of a sweet seasoned flavor over a savory spicy flavor of typical Mexican food.  All Spice, pineapple, mango, banana, apricot, basil and is used and the flavors are unexpected.  This restaurant is a subsidiary (of sorts) of  Z-Tejas, a Scottsdale based franchise.  The conversation I had with the staff lead me to believe they plan to expand as Z-Tejas did to other locations within the state. They also intend to open restaurants in San Diego and several other locations.  
Don't get me wrong the food is good. It was so fresh and tasty, it's obvious that chef has been inspired and is trying new things.  It was just not what I was expecting so do not go expecting "typical" Mexican.  Read the menu before you go to get an idea of the flavors I am talking about.  
They have the coolest location/building. Check out their website to learn more.
Went there this weekend and it was a huge disappointment.  The food was so bad I took a couple of bites of the ceviche and a couple of bites of the meatball dish and I couldn't eat anymore it was so bad.  I highly recommend saving your money and going elsewhere.
Cool concept and cool atmosphere but bad service and ok tacos. The tortillas used for the tacos are too thick for the delicate flavors inside of them which over powered all of my choices (Thai, duck, pork adavada, and cherry steak). I was looking forward to tasting all the ingredients throughout a bite, which were amazing, not momentarily and then followed by nothing but tortilla..
I have been to the Taco Guild twice now.  I can't say I won't ever go back, but it is not a place that will be in my rotation.  I have now done lunch and dinner.  If you want to have a conversation, the noise level in the evening is going to make that difficult.  between the music and the high ceilings you will need your loud voice--

I give the place credit for a wonderful reuse of space.  visually that restaurant is spectacular and it is worth going once just for that.  

The service is hot and cold. I got there early for dinner and was seated immediately.  I finally had to get someone's attention after 10 minutes or so --to get a glass of wine and some water.  to the waiter's credit--there was an apology for the wait--but i really hate being ignored--some sort of acknowledgement is all that is needed to lower that frustration even if they can't get to you immediately.  I also have to say for the rest of the evening the service was fine.

Now the food--it is okay--Unless they really do something to improve it--it will never be the reason why people come here.  Someone in our party ordered one taco--even on a salad size plate--it was very very small--for $4 a taco you just expect them to be extraordinary of which they are definitely not.  I had a chicken burrito--it was okay--chick was dry and not much flavor.  

If you want really good food--go to your favorite neighborhood place or someplace like gallo blanco or richardson's.  

Taco Guild will be fine to meet for happy hour and a drink--but there are much better places to spend your dining $$$ for good food.
Very fun place good food, cool building with the church thing going; I'm really surprised the reviews aren't stronger.  I took a client here while in town and we had a very nice lunch.  

Food
Solid, I can't remember everything I ordered but 3 tacos is good size order here- everything at least sounded good and everything I had was.
First let me start by saying I love the Taco Guild!!! My boyfriend and I went to Taco Guild last night for the first time, and it was incredible!  The decor of this place is unlike anything I have seen in Phoenix ever, and I've been here my whole life.  This place is housed in an old church and is nothing short of beautiful.

We sat down at the bar and were promptly greeted by Kristin. She was awesome!!  She was incredibly helpful with helping us choose food and cocktails!  For drinks I ordered The Blushing Senorita, which consists of Coppola Rossa, Hanger One berry vodka, fresh raspberries, blueberries and blackberries and my boyfriend ordered The Myth.  All I can say is Hallelujah! If you want the best hand made cocktail in town, sit at the bar at Taco Guild and ask for Kristin! She's definitely been studying her cocktail bible.

For Food, Kristin helped us decide what to order since we had never been there before.  We ended up ordering The Guild Duo to start and it was amazing! Awesome Guacamole and Fire Roasted Chile Queso that holds the key to my heart.  For dinner, I ordered the Molida Lamb Taco and the Cherry Steak Taco upon recommendation from Kristin.  My Boyfriend ordered the Thai Snapper Taco and the Peking Duck Taco.  These tacos were the best tacos we both have ever had! I have an addiction now and its for Taco Guild Tacos.

If you want THE BEST TACOS, COCKTAILS, AND BARTENDER, then go to Taco Guild and sit at the bar and ask for KRISTIN!!!  She gives impeccable service!!
I was hoping to like Taco Guild more than I actually did. The decor is truly awesome - converting an old mission-style church into a taco gastropub is genius. However, the concept is a bit poorly executed.
The music selections were odd and clashing. Our server was nervous and redundant. For example, when I ordered a water: "Would you like a straw? Or lemon? Or both?" It was just an awkward way of asking. 
The bathrooms are not clearly marked. I watched as several men walked into the women's restroom without knowing it.
All of this would have been fine if the food were good, which unfortunately, it wasn't. My chicken taco had cold kidney beans on it, which were highly unappetizing. My husband ordered 3 small tacos, each of which left him underwhelmed.
I'm not trying to be overly critical of a new restaurant, in fact, I badly want them to succeed! But right now, Gadzooks is the better Mexican place on that block (Osborn/7th).
Visiting from San Diego and a friend took me here and I loved it!  Such a cool atmosphere being that it was an old and beautiful church!  Just had a couple tacos (curry snapper and the lamb) which were very good along with a couple beers but the best was the service!  Candice really made the experience great and I would definitely recommend her if you go in!  She was SO fun and very engaging, clinching the experience! Well done Candice, we thought you were fantastic!
Excellent tacos! Ordered a chicken, pork and steak. Each had a wonderful combination of flavors. Salsa was great. Service was great. Beautiful dining room. A bit loud with music. Will definitely return soon.
I was so excited to go to Taco Guild. A couple of friends had good things to say and I was eager to see how the Church had been turned into a restaurant. I was a little concerned with the 3 star rating in Yelp. The restaurant was really nice inside and out. I love that they kept the stained glass. To start off with it took about 10 minutes for our server, she blamed the long wait in another table. As an starter we had the Handmade Guacamole, it was super bland. It seems to be really basic onion, a little tomato and the avocado. We tried adding some salt and pepper, it didn't help. My husband doesn't like a lot of spiciness, when we asked for a recommendation the reply was "everything has a kick." I tried three tacos and received a free side. The Yucatan Shrimp was only ok. The Peking Duck was bad, the duck was very dry and the taco was over powered by the Apricot compote. The Thai Snapper was good, really small for the size. Tacos for $4.95 not again for us. The best thing I had tonight was the Pacifico, maybe I should have had more than one.
great way to re-use space, converting an old church into a taco eatery.

The good:
the service was good, the waiter was prompt and friendly
The chips were warm and refilled quickly
The water was cold..
The location, easy to find
The side of corn was very good
My favorite taco - beef and blue cheese

The Bad:
the portions were small, for the price 12+ for three small tacos, we should have listened to the waiter when he said he can easily put down 6+
The music? all over the place rock? country? elevator?

The next time I am in town I will probably go back, but I would wait for taco Tuesday night..if they have one
Just left Taco Guild.
The building is great, but there is nothing else good about this place.
We ordered two taco.  the Happy hour taco was a sloppy joe  and we ordered
a lamb taco off the regular menu.  The waitress who brought the tacos presented the pastor taco (not order) and it turns out not delivered. We did receive the two tacos we ordered. The lamb was the better of the two, but had they been served at least warm
they would have been better.  
The table next to us had food over the surface, the plates and been cleared, but the
table not cleaned.  When we left 45 minutes later, we informed the hostess(?), she
didn't really care that the table was still dirty.
Then we are over charged.  The waitress thought the lamb and the duck (which
we were charged for) were the same price.  After asking her to look at the menu
she agreed they were not the same and adjusted the bill!
Someone need to train the staff and the person at the door (normally the hostess)!!
We will not return.
What a great atmosphere, great service, and the food was spectacular.  A wonderful experience!!
We just tried this place for the first time today and we loved it! The chips, salsa and queso were great. We tried the cherry beef, lamb and shrimp tacos. All were amazing, but the cherry beef is the best! (Lamb is a close second!) Give this place a try and forget about all the lower ratings who care more about the music than the food.
The Taco Guild is just ok. I really, really wanted to like this place, but the food and service aren't all that great. The building is awesome. Some really cool historical features were kept, and they did a great job with the decor, but unfortunately it doesn't really make up for what they lack in the food and service departments.  My only complaint with the building was it was really loud. The place wasn't half full, and I could barely hear my dining partner. 

There wasn't anything exceptionally bad about the service, it just wasn't good. It took them forever to greet us, and then to take our order. Drinks and food took a long time to come  and they switched servers halfway through our meal (which was at like 7:30). 

Chips and salsa were good (often a determining factor as to if we go back), but none of the tacos really stood out. The lamb and cherry steak were the only tacos we actually liked. The snapper was awful, and the pastor, coffee braised beef, and duck tacos were mediocre at best. And the sides...I opted for the onion strings and the little lady got the corn.  Both very boring. The only other options were beans or rice (not and).  I like beans and rice, but find both uninspiring by themselves. 

I would love to go back to this place, but with so many great places around (including Gadzooks across the street), I don't know how I can justify it. Maybe for drinks one day...
If its too loud, you're too old! Okay, like music or don't come...its a bit noisy! Tacos, exceptional! If you are coming for your typical American over-stuffed plate. ..you won't get it here! Some say pricey,  I think its worth every cent! Great happy hour, decent selection! Three tacos gets a free side, not advertised, be sure to ask! Definately coming back!
We went here for a work lunch. I loved the vibe. 

I had the chicken burrito. Its quite a different flavor but it was very delicious. We received unlimited chips and salsa before our food arrived. I mixed the salsa with the habenero chile sauce to make it spicier and it was delicious. I actually made the sauce too spicy but it was soo good I kept eating it.
the overall concept of the chapel vibe is really cool and different. some of the booths are even reused chapel pews. the stained glass windows are awesome too. the chips, guac, and house sauce we all amazing. I had the chicken burrito and was really satisfied.
Awesome food. I was not disappointed and enjoyed every bite. The atmosphere was great and I'm a big fan of the Chipotle Cherry Steak tacos! Perfect spot to hang out smash a couple of tacos and have a beer.
These cannot be referred to as street tacos. Only if the streets are paved in gold and the tacos are made of magic. Saying they are street tacos is not giving fellow yelpers a clear picture. I don't remember succulent shrimp, filet quality meat with blue cheese and Lamb with deep fried sweet potato strips on street tacos??? Do you?

Great place. Great service. Going back, often.
The old church building that this place is in in phenomenal.  What they have done with the inside is just extraordinary (except the lame TVs that are playing way above the bar...take those out!) 
Right when I walked in, I felt like this was gonna be a great place to take anyone that is in town that wants to see a cool spot....until I ate.  I'm not going to say that the food was bad, but the Tacos don't even grace a spot in my Top 10 taco places in Phoenix.  They are okay, but just feel very corporately made....very standard products, bad tortillas, no love at all.  

I would not suggest going here.
Location is pretty, warning, it can get a little loud.  Came for happy hour before a show and service was quick and friendly.  It's from the makers of ZTejas so I was expecting things to taste corporate but was pleasantly surprised.  Have compared notes with others and most agree that the food is solid.  Don't come for authenticity, come for good chips and salsa, a decent margarita and inventive playful flavors.  It's not the cheapest place in town, you are looking at 3.95-4.95 for a smallish taco but the fillings include duck, short rib and quality veggies.   There are pretty stained glass windows to peer out of, the tvs over the bar can be distracting though.
Lunch date...ambiance great.  After we receive our drinks we are told they are out of beef and pork.  What?  How can you be a taco restaurant and be out of the 2 most popular meats for tacos?  Waitress was spacey and brought only half of my date's order.  Salsa was good...chips over cooked.  Too bad...such a cute place.  Won't be back.
Tried this place for the first time today and it was an all around great experience!  My fiance and I went during the weekday lunch rush and were seated without any waiting.

First of all, I LOVE the whole feel of the environment.  They did an incredible job of converting the old Korean church into a trendy hangout spot.  The presentation of the bar is really great, and the balance between keeping some of the original features of the building with new accents is spot-on.

Between the 2 of us, we ordered 5 tacos: an al pastor pork, a duck, a snapper, a lamb, and a veggie.  The al pastor was incredibly good!  Probably the best I've had in town.  All of the other ones were also really delicious.  I also love that they have their own sauces that are made in house!

All of their draft beer is local.  My fiance had the Cartel IPA and it was really good!  Food service was quick and all of the staff was super friendly.

We will definitely be coming back here over and over!  There wasn't a single aspect of this place that I didn't enjoy.  5 stars for a job well done!
This was another restaurant that I really wanted to like. The wait for the table wasn't a big deal at all, it was a Friday night at 7 - needless to say, we knew what we were getting in to. But the hour wait after that to get food was awful...  especially when you are only getting a couple of tacos. Very tiny tacos at that. Then it took and another 30 min to get the check and pay our bill - no bueno Between our small party, we had duck, snapper, shrimp, steak, lamb and chicken tacos. All were 'meh', nothing to come back for. My friend said the lamb was good, but not something going out of his way for. The specialty drinks were equally unimpressive, and the very average house margarita was still ten bucks. Just for me, 3 tacos and 2 drinks was 37 bucks, for food that was tiny and nothing special to boot! 

The design of the building was very cool, well done ambiance (but some really douchey people congregating at the bar who wouldn't move out of the isle as I am trying to walk by with my 4 month old sleeping baby.)

The tequila list looked impressive, but I am not going to spend $200 on a single shot of tequila. Again, everything was in place for a cool dining experience - then the food and service got in the way. (Although either the manager or owner who sat us was very kind and accommodating)
The ambiance is awesome!! I love what they did with the church. The service and food was good as well. Nicely priced as well.
I loved Taco Guild! I had not heard of it and some friends wanted to go. My first reaction, honestly, was "how great can ANOTHER taco place be in PHX?!". I was very pleasantly surprised! From the get go, super yummy chips and salsa and margaritas. The taco selections are range from unique to the expected. Their beef tacos were amazing and a definite recommendation. I also totally recommend their side rice. I will definitely be going back and not hesitating to tell others to check it out. :)
e really liked the atmosphere and how they have kept to the character of the church. Four of us went for lunch on Sunday. The service was ok though we were confused about who our waiter was because it seemed it was someone different all through our time there. Can't say it was great because they didn't even keep  my water glass refilled and when they finally did (after being asked) I didn't get any ice. 

We LOVED the salsa that comes with the chips. Just the right blend of flavors and quite unique. It was also nice to have the different sauce bottles of varying heat but really not necessary as we are now addicted to their salsa. We tried five different tacos with mixed reviews. The chicken and the lamb were good, the veggie and the beef were okay and the fish was awful - very fishy tasting. It said it was snapper on the menu but I have never tasted such fishy snapper. My sister had the veggie burro and that was pretty good. The side of rice was so-so but the beans were great. We also had the prickly pear sorbet with berries and liked it.

The owner?/manager was quite friendly as was the staff. This is just a preliminary review as this was our first visit. Since we just bought a house in the neighborhood, I'm sure we'll try them again - if only for the salsa and the beans!
I love the building and how they kept a lot of the church's features. The food was very good! The service and the timing of the food was pretty slow... They were not even busy and it took 45 minutes to be served.
We like this place. Food, drinks and service are great. But vegetarian taco? For a daily happy hour special? Poor choice. Give us more happy hour choices.
Food was great, I had a shrimp taco and a beef taco, glass of Kung Fu girl. Lots of gluten free options. Service was fantastic, super friendly and while they weren't well versed in what was gluten free, they were more than willing to find out. Only complaint is that it was super loud. Too loud. I always feel bad for my dad when the music is that loud because it really messes with his hearing aids, this was too loud for me though as well. We went early, so maybe it was happy hour...turn it down, so I can hang out longer and try more tacos!
First timer to the Taco Guild drove by it a couple of times and just decided to do lunch there with my co-worker since we work 5 mins away!...First off it's a remodel of an old church..SO DOPE! the layout is very cool! Hostess was super nice and server I believe her name was Laynie was very good! I had the Taco Plate your choice of three tacos on the menu (there are 10 choices) for me it was the Al Pastor Pork-BOMB, Chipotle Cherry Steak-Very Good, and Urban Bean Coffee Braised Beef- Good and you get a side, I picked Green Chile Achiote Rice which was really good too!. Will absolutely go back for dinner soon
Taco Guild gets points for atmosphere and style but I'm not impressed with their food. These are "gourmet" tacos with lamb and peking duck(cough), but I didn't find them any good for the price. I prefer La Condesa for this type of fancy tacos.  For real street tacos, stick to holes-in-the-wall or stands/trucks. Given that, the old church setting is actually kind of cool and worth a one-time visit.
Honestly, the atmosphere is amazing. The interior design, flawless. Super cool vibe and our waitress was very attentive and helpful, one of the best i've met in a while. The only reason we are giving 2 stars is because of the tacos. We were expecting amazing tacos. The appetizer- ceviche was definitely delicious, the chips that came with were my fave! However, we were disappointed as soon as the main entree came. We eat tacos all the time, especially in Az- you can go to the taco trucks and have an amazing meal for $1- $2 a piece. Just because their "fancy" doesn't necessarily mean they are good.  If they fix that, the place would be a 5 star quality restaurant.
Right after I posted my review, someone from the restaurant contacted me. Super professional, apologized for the noisiness, acknowledged it was an issue and thanked me for my review. I don't know why, but that just totally impresses me. Will definitely go back!
The food doesn't stand a chance when the service is severely lacking.  
As mentioned in all the other reviews, the building is beautiful.  Now to what is important...
We were a party of 6 and it was a Friday night at 8 pm, but it still should not take 25 minutes for our cocktails to arrive after we ordered them.  And when they did start to arrive, they came out a couple at a time.  So by the time we all had drinks, some were ready for round 2.  And we all thought the margaritas were more like large shots.  3 sips and the drink was empty.  Small glasses, lots of ice.  Decent taste though.
I will say the salsa was decent and the warm chips were great.  The tacos were just ok.  I have had much better tacos for a lot less.  And the sides were forgettable.  
I would return to try other tacos, but the service just left a really bad taste in my mouth.  It just fell short.  From the terribly long wait for the drinks, to having to search the entire restaurant for the server to get a bill, it all just was disappointing.  
We had 2 apps to share, 2 cocktails each, 3 tacos each with 1 side and the bill was $46 per person.
Taco Guild is wonderful!! 

The old church atmosphere is cool and the service was beyond amazing. There were so many helpful people that were all very attentive. The juke box is a little weird as far as creating a "vibe" in the restaurant, but that can be easily remedied.

As for the food: I got two Yucatan shrimp tacos and a snapper taco. The shrimp was SO flavorful with just the right amount of toppings in the tortilla. The snapper was very tasty, but not my favorite. My husband got an al pastor, lamb, and a cherry beef taco. He raved about the beef the most! For a Sunday afternoon, the service was fast and the food was so fresh and tasty! We will definitely come back for more...soon!
Been wanting to try this place since it opened and so glad my Hubby and I went tonight! 

The building is so cool to sit there and look around as you are eating. We loved looking at the old stain glass windows and then talking with our Server about the history of the building. 

The food was amazing. The chips were fresh and warm. My hubby is a super picky eater of tacos and he LOVED them! We each tried three different tacos! The Lamb taco was by far my favorite while my husband loved the two different pork tacos they offered! And the margaritas were pretty tasty as well!  

Our server Mike made the whole experience even better. He was very helpful with everything on the menu and he was probably one of the best servers we've ever had. 

I think we found our new favorite restaurant!
Our experience at taco guild was great! Our server Latim (I hope I spelled that right) was knowledgable and well trained. Our chips came out fresh and hot and the salsa to go with it was delicious. I ordered the margarita - one of the best I've ever had, you won't be disappointed. But the highlight of the night was the duck taco - get it. Everyone at our table loved it!
This is the true definition of gastropub (A public house which serves upscale food but with a primary mission of being a bar).  So, if a restaurant knows what they are, then I am not going to judge them on things that would never apply.  When I was in Ireland, did I make a reservation at a pub?  No! OK, enough on my thoughts on the commentary of reviews judging them on reservations, waiting on food, blah blah.  

Now, let's get to the review.  We showed up with no reservation and I am not sure they even take them; but who cares?  It's an upscale pub.  We no sooner sat down when we were asked what we'd like to drink.  The beers here are only local breweries so if you want bud light, forget about it.  

The tacos were unique street tacos. Very tasty and well presented.  I would recommend getting the queso/guacamole starter.  Be careful not to go crazy ordering food.  This operates just like a pub so you can order add-on. They don't have hot plate service so when food is done, it is brought to the table.  Like I said, order in small orders like you would ordering a pint with food in a pub and you'll get it.

The place is very nicely decorated and servers equally awesome.  About the only drawback is the parking and this location lacks it after 5:30 PM - of course that would explain the valet required.

This is a pub with fantastic food.  It's pretty 'dern unique and makes for a nice meet-up place before going large in the naked city of Phoenix.
Dined last night 1/28/14

First, let me say that  the food at Taco Guild is (mostly) awesome. The salsa is too runny, though, and I judge a lot about  Mexican food experience on the quality of the salsa. I had the grilled romaine salad and a side of corn-off-the-cob that was delicious, and their draught beer selection from local breweries is solid. 

HOWEVER, the service is so horrendous that it nearly neutralizes all of the positives of the cuisine. First, our waitress brought me the wrong wine. Instead of allowing the table to keep the accidental glass, from which I had already drunk, she said that she had to take it back from me, or charge me for it. Really?? You'd rather waste a perfectly good glass of wine  than just let us consume it? I surely hope you weren't going to pour it back into the bottle for reuse!! 
Secondly, one of the members of our table did not receive his drink, and upon waiting  fifteen minutes for it to arrive, instead of admitting she forgot, the waitress told us it was because the drinks are handmade, thus taking a long time. Said drink arrived three minutes later. Then he did not receive his soup, then he only received a single a-la-carte taco rather than the full plate that he ordered. Then he received the wrong side dish with the plate. It was absurd. 

Third, after mentioning to one of the owners (who I am told also partially owns z tejas) that we didn't care for the jukebox (the general public seems to have an affinity for mediocre 90s alt rock), his reply was, "Okay. Pretend it isn't there."
What a rude, smug, jerk. 

I'll be going elsewhere for my Mexican food. I'd rather not wait 15 minutes for the wrong class of wine, while being forced to listen to the Gin Blossoms.
Been here twice! Our first experience was beyond terrible. Servers and hostess's were bad! First time, the server never showed up to offer us any drinks etc, we were waiting for over 20 minutes. We left. It's really nice inside. But the service and food is just all around bad. Tried the tacos, $5.00 for a dam taco? Have had way better tacos than that. The chicken taco was drenched in fat, the only one that was semi-good was the adovada taco? I think. The salsa was delish! I'm a salsa freak, so I would know.  The rice was gross and the beans?? Don't even get me started on that. On a scale of 1-10, 10 being yummy, I say their food is a 3!! Overall, too expensive, bad service and "blah" food.
The food was great.  So was the service.  The building is cool, as is the bar.  We won't go back. The music ruins it.  Bad call guys.
Friendly staff, unique location, and awesome food! Have yet to try something I haven't enjoyed! The local farm to table concept and beer are killer!
Another great addition to downtown!!! I love that they use the same kind of tortillas you would find in Mexico. Interesting history in this church. I love how they kept a lot of the original church in the remodel. At this moment I am eating their salsa which is perfect. Spicy but not like you ate the sun. The tacos are Mexico meets urban. Super creative. I'll be back for sure!
I tried this place out for lunch with a co-worker and was pleasantly surprised. The place was crowded so we sat at the bar. I ordered the house salad with creamy cilantro dressing and the sofrito beans. My friend orders a couple of tacos. My friend actually received her plate 10 minutes before I did, which didn't make sense, but whatever. The salad was really good. The beans were a little salty, as though the sauce had been reduced too much. I added the beans to my salad and it was heavenly. The atmosphere is a little loud but tolerable. I definitely recommend!
Had the Romaine Salad, which was very good..skip the up charge for the chicken..$4.00 for 4 small chunks of chicken...Won't do that again. The table next to us had ask if they had a Server...
I have been here a few times now and I love it! The tacos are delicious (recently tried the lamb - yum!), the margaritas supreme, and the atmosphere is fab. I recommend this to anyone wanting to try a new place in Midtown.
Do not go if you have kids. Me and my wife both gave Taco guild 5 stars in the past. However, when someone from Taco Guild contacted us to thank us for the review, we mentioned that it was extremely inconvenient for a restaurant to have one high chair for the whole place. They said they would "work on it. ". We have been 5 times since and 5 weeks have gone by....and they still have one high chair. You can get restaurant high chairs in a single trip to any supply store. It's obvious they do not care for families or care for suggestions. Great food but don't go with kids or large groups.    

Won't be going back until they can accommodate more than one toddler in the whole restaurant.
So I FINALLY had a chance to stop at Taco Guild today and my oh my, was I blown away.
The inside of the church is revamp porn. Glam/Midevil/Missionary/Catholic/Vintage and Goth rolled into one amazing place to enjoy a meal. 
The salsa was delicious. The tacos were amazing! I was incredibly thrilled to see they used home made tortillas in their tacos. Great happy hour menu! Friendly staff and QUICK serving times. Quality ingredients and unique flavorings. I have a new favorite spot to add to my regular outings list. I am thrilled to have Taco Guild in Phoenix. The music is pretty random as well, but I liked it. As I told my friends, Taco Guild is basically church, tacos and Drake all at once. Enjoy lovelies! Five stars! 

(Brown person approved lol)
Tacos is the new religion.

Rushed in after work with the wifey, the minute we walked into the restaurant our mind were blown.  The concept and the theme was spectacular, we rushed in around 10:30pm thinking that their kitchen is probably closed but they actually ended up bringing out the full menu for us.

When you first walked thru the front door the entire dining hall opens up, the acoustic and the setting made me felt like im going to have some tacos with St. Peter himself.

Here are the things we had ordered,
1. 1893 Frozen Margarita.
2. Jalapeno Bacon Guacamole  LOVED IT!
3. Fresh Ceviche of the day (Shrimp and scallop!)

I had ordered all the New School Tacos and my personal favorite was the Chipotle Chery Steak, and the Peking Duck.  Just beautifully done, the texture of the steak just melts in your mouth.

Their Tortillas were so fluffy and fresh if i had a bed  made out their tortillas i would sleep on it and eat myself with it. 

she had the Pork Adovada, Urban Bean Coffee Braised Beef and Guild chicken. She really enjoyed the Pork Adovada out of the 3 (Old World Tacos)

They also gave us 2 free sides, the Green Chile Achiote Rice, and Crispy Poblano Onion Straws.  


The service was fantastic, loved the jukebox and the restroom was pretty cool too.

I really enjoyed my experience there, and have since sent quite a few people that way, and have heard nothing but good things about it.
I went to Taco Guild expecting to love the place but unortunately, I was rather disappointed. Expecting a hefty wait at about 7pm on a Saturday, but my buddy & I were seated at a patio table right away. The space itself is excellent; cool concept & well thought out. I ordered a $10 drink of which the name escapes me, and that was tasty enough but really not worth ordering again. Service was attentive & prompt. The requisite chips & salsa were quite good and I liked all the varieties of the trio of homemade hot sauces that were brought to the table too. 

Now for the problems: I ordered the taco trio, which includes a side dish. 1 braised beef, 1 al pastor, 1 duck, achiote rice for my side. The braised beef: flavor was fine, but it /literally/ smelled like a barn. It was difficult to reconcile its' decent taste with its' terrible smell. The al pastor: the pork was almost white, with nary a hint of chile or pineapple flavor; almost to the point of being simply a pork taco. It wasn't awful or anything, but it just wasn't anything resembling any al pastor I've ever had. The duck: stringy, dry. If you've had carne seca & know the dried, sinewy texture it has, this is about all I can compare the duck to. Duck is considered a bit of a 'luxurious' food, but this didn't stack up by any means. The achiote rice: the rice tasted like it came from one of those Uncle Ben's 90 second flavored microwave rice packs and was left in for 60 seconds too long. It was dry & gritty & the corn in it was wrinkled & devoid of any moisture. The rice just had that processed sodium bomb texture & taste to it. 

I wanted to like Taco Guild, but 4 food items ordered & 4 strike outs don't bode well. Maybe it was just an off night; I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and try it again. If it's bad again, I won't return & won't recommend it. 

One more thing: whoever has control of the music in the place needs to be fired, and fired like.right.now. ALL OVER THE PLACE. Bad nineties stuff like Blues Traveler, R&B, classic rock and multiple country music songs on rotation. I'll readily admit that I'm a pretentious music elitist, but I can tolerate most stuff by just tuning it out. Country music, however, just makes me ill. Besides-  country music at an urban, younger crowd taco shop...  Why? How does that even remotely fit in w/ the customer demographic of a place like this? Nobody there wants to hear country crap piped in to this old church building.
I love the decor of this place! It's in an old church and there is a lot of history to the building, which can be seen on the walls. I do wonder how Jesus feels about alcohol being served in a once place of worship? C'mon! I had to wonder?! That wondered, I did not love the chips nor the salsa; that's kind of a make it or break it for me. The next thing was that we made it with 45min to spare on happy hour. Not paying attention, we ordered Margs on the rocks ... But later realized the marg on the happy hour menu was 'frozen' , NOT on the rocks. Hmm. Okay. So I guess I wasn't impressed with the fact that they are probably out of one of those slush pre-made machines. A good list of drinks though; just limited, VERY limoted on happy hour drinks. On to food; I had the Thai fish curry taco; a chicken and the duck taco. The duck stated that it had Brie cheese , but I was not able to prove that. I did like the taste of it but the fish was my favorite. Ordered the shoe string onions to go with and again, meh. To follow it up, they were out of all the desserts except two. We tried the lemon tarte and it reminded me of a 'not all the way cooked' pie, yet tasted like
Lemon meringue with no meringue. Weird. Ambience and staff great. But one sinner to another .. Fill thine menu with more sinning drinks , please.
Went there a few weeks ago, heard so much about it and had to check it out. Love the interior and it has kind of a hip/trendy vibe (without being too much). Really enjoyed the decor.

Had a margarita, some tacos and a side and it was very, very tasty. Do plan on coming back.

The only issue I had that I noticed when I was looking at my online banking, the processing charge on the card I used was 20% more than the receipt, which left me confused (also I tipped with cash instead of on my card). I called the following day and talked to a manager, they said it was charge for the proper amount and wasn't sure why it showed up as a higher charge. Maybe it was because it's a fairly new business or with my bank (BOA), but wasn't completely clear why. When the charge was processed, it was for the proper amount. Not sure why that happened, maybe next time I'll pay in cash...
This location is so cool! I love the decor and concept of the restaurant. The menu is pretty small, but the tacos are good. I had the short rib & the chicken, with a side of corn. The corn was delicious and so was the chicken taco. I will skip the short rib next time. Service was great, and so were the different hot sauces to try.
Wonderful food. Excellent service. I recommend this gem of a restaurant to everyone. I will be back.
Went to Taco Guild, beautiful inside! Tacos were good. Enjoyed the chips and the 3 different salsas they offer. Had a great server named Eric. Bar looks like a great setup, need to check out there happy hour.
My husband and I went to dinner at Taco Guild tonight in spite of the rating I had seen on Yelp. To start off, I would recommend going here...

Saying that, I would advise that it is more of an artisanal taco restaurant, not abuelitas mexican cuisine. I ordered an Al Pastor and a Pork Adovada taco in the lettuce wraps. They were both wonderful!! 
My husband ordered the chicken taco and a cherry steak/beef taco (I forget what it was called), and neither of them were fabulous.. The chicken was very bland, and neither taco was seasoned quite right and did not have enough meat in them. He tried both of my tacos, and loved them both. We will both stick to al pastor and pork next time we visit.

We both enjoyed the chips and salsa, as well as the chorizo meatballs as an appetizer. Spicey!! But really good :).

The ambiance inside is nice. Bad music choices, (we both like country but not particularly in a historic church over tacos...), but they have put a lot of effort in making the place unique.

We both LOVED our waitress, and felt the service was great. I am rating 5 stars now because I think this place deserves higher than 3.5 stars... Previous reviews tear the service apart but we have to be understanding of new restaurants--they don't get to choose the country's top 50 servers and hire them for their grand opening. 

This place offer tacos in butter lettuce wraps...you don't find that often!! And they were so good, my husband (who is no tiny twig) is going to order them my way next time and pass up the corn tortillas. 

We will be back, and I'll cross my fingers my hubby gets meatier tacos in subsequent visits. It's worth a shot.
I had such high hopes about Taco Guild.  I really really did

I was looking forward going there for awhile.  So my date and I went there with the highest expectations.  Yes, I think he liked it a lot better than I did, but he just really loves tacos.  

Now, the place was gorgeous inside, I have to give it that.  It was old church and they kept the beauty of the structure, which actually made me happy.  

The service was alright.  Nothing that stands out there.  But I was looking forward to the food.

The menu is limiting.  We started off with the chips and guacamole.  It had NO FLAVOR!  None at all.  It actually made me very sad.  And the tacos?  (I had the chicken and shrimp) was actually bland.  I wasn't impressed.

But I will try you again Taco Guild.  Maybe it was an off night?  But I do have to say, your margaritas were great!
I love the old church that houses Taco Guild. It's such a pretty, unique dining experience that if nothing else, try this place out to enjoy the ambiance. Luckily, the food delivers, so you aren't just enjoying eye candy at Taco Guild.

I like that the tortilla chips are warm when they're served, and the accompanying salsa is fresh and delicious. My husband and I started with the Guild Duo - guacamole and queso. The queso was great, with fresh tomatoes and cilantro. The guacamole was good, though a little lightly seasoned for my personal taste. The portion size was big, though, so I can't complain too much.

We tried the guild chicken taco, vegetable taco, and molida lamb  taco. The chicken was really nice, with a touch of sweetness. I could see this becoming my favorite go to taco at Taco Guild. The veggie was great, with wonderfully seasoned vegetables. The molida lamb was rich and delicious. Make sure you like blue cheese before ordering this, and I would suggest only ordering one because it's rich and heavy. The lamb was moist and wonderful - really liked this taco. We also had the beer battered onion jalapeno straws, which were your standard fried goodness, but nothing spectacular to write home about. I think I'll try the corn next time.

I think the prices were pretty reasonable, and the service was good. Parking was easier than I thought it would be. I would forgo turning in from Osborn but instead turn in from 7th St behind Taco Guild and Starbucks.

I will definitely be back to try more tacos.
We went to Taco Guild on date night, food was OK, but they just try too hard.  Building a good Taco is not rocket science, Was a little expenses for two people. Drinks were small and overpriced also. Had great service and the manager came by to check on us.
We had a fun date night here. Cool space good atmosphere. A bit on the loud side. Our drinks were tasty and we really enjoyed the tacos. Our dessert was not special, and this is coming from a girl who will eat anything dessert wise. I would skip next time.
Madison is a awesome Bartender, food was good & it's like going to church, but with tacos. Amen.
So lets start at the beginning.  Nestled on the corner of 7th St & Osborn is an old church building that now houses Taco Guild.  The decor and architecture is an amazing mix of new and old so you get an ethereal feeling from the minute you walk in.  Then comes the whole tequila and beer experience!  Nothing like sharing a shot of tequila and a cold beer on a Thursday night (their happy hour lasts till 7 PM) and feasting on a duo of queso and fresh guacomole infused with jalapenos and bacon.  I honestly didn't know if I would have any room left for dinner, but where there's an amazing taco, there's a way.  The tacos are divided in two groups, Old World and New World, which basically means old-traditional, new-mind blowing.  I had two off the New side, the Yucatan Shrimp (a favorite of the entire table) and my favorite, the lamb with Creole aioli, bleu cheese and sweet potato hay.  I can not wait to take my next group of out of town visitors to this amazing little place and I will ask for Joshua again.  He was knowledgeable, helpful, funny and a great waiter.  

PS:  They do not take reservations, however you can call and get put on a wait list.  Its worth it.
This place was pretty tasty. $10 for 3 different tacos. Crazy as it seems, the mashed potatoes taco was awesome. As was the pork and cheese one. Great restaurant inside a converted church. Would come again if I lived here.
As many have said, the decor is amazing.

But Taco Guild implies expertise in tacos. It brings pain to say, because hopes were high, that the tacos are not great.
- Shrimp taco: the amount of sodium in this taco was such that I couldn't taste anything else.
- Snapper taco: although the snapper was dry, the flavor was actually pretty good. If Thai curry were to be a taco, this is the one.
- Veggie taco: this was probably the most confusing...and sad. It was listed in their "old world" taco section. I took this to mean that this was going to be standard southwestern flavor.  Nope. Soggy Brussels sprouts, tomatoes, cheese, and...guacamole? Why?!? I love Brussels sprouts. Taco version was horrifying.
-Pork tacos: flavor was, for the most part, absent. Meat was dry.

Overall...sad times.
Oh... Taco Guild.  

I bitterly resent having to give you a single star.  Pretty much everything is a disaster... from high-top stools designed by Torquemada, to the brazenly over priced drinks fetched by surly independently wealthy cocktail servers.  Our server looked like a lumberjack, yet acted like Serge from Beverly Hills Cop.  

I had two tacos, "torn lettuce cups."  What I got was half a head of wet butter lettuce with a neat tablespoon of sodium soaked protein in the middle.  The pork adobo was indistinguishable from the coffee braised brisket.  Truly stunning for $3.95 EACH.  I have eaten more satisfying fare out of an MRE packet.  

It is loud inside, which amplifies the horrific choice to put a jukebox in a restaurant.  There is a ton of service staff, none of which will make eye contact with a patron begging for a drink.  

The chips were fresh and crunchy, and the salsas offered were not bad.  Perhaps that merits the single star I was forced to give.
This would be a 5-star review if I left out the food.  I love the building, the decor and the layout.  It is a bit loud and the waitstaff seems to wander a bit without real direction.  We were so looking forward to having a great new lunch spot near our office.  After our dining experience we have no plans to return.  

The food looked great... But it didn't taste great.  That's a real problem for a restaurant to overcome.  I did not enjoy any of the things I tried.  I had three different types of their tacos and only ate half of each.  The coffee beef was the worst.  The shrimp was the best of the three but again, wasn't great.  Heck, it wasn't even good or I would have polished it off.

The beans tasted as though they came out of a can and were off-brand.  The corn was probably the best thing we ate (besides the chips--but how do you screw up chips?).

When my parents came to town recently I took them there to show them the building.  My Mom was very excited and wanted to eat there and I dissuaded her based upon my experience.  There had better be some HUGE changes in their kitchen ASAP or there will be no hope for their future.

Great name but they don't deserve it!
very cool place but the food was mediocre at best, i've had better out of a roach coach.
Gorgeous building and space.  The bar is done up nicely.  The food is fairly good although the rice I got was a bowl of mush so I take off points for that.  Decent service initially, waitress kind of disappeared between ordering main and having it served.  I would give it another try for the building alone and I need to get there during Happy Hour!
Beautiful place with great food, the chips and salsa are to die for. They have a wide variety of margaritas that are all worth trying. I have been there twice this past week and loved it all, the tacos are amazing and the sweet potato chicken tortilla soup is outstanding. Fun spot and I'm glad Z'Tejas built this is in phx.
5 stars. This place is super yummy.

To start, we had the chips and guac with pineapple. A really good combination. Super fresh. 

I got the pork adovado taco and a coffee braised beef taco. Incredible. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. 

Also ordered the sangria and it was a bit strong but really refreshing. 

Love this place. The decor is awesome and low key vibe. Highly recommend.
I was drawn to this place because of the historical building and quite frankly, that's where the quality started and ended for my husband and I. 

Service was very disjointed and food was average at best. I was particularly disappointed in my 8.00 cocktail which was their take on a Salty Dog (one of my favs) that tasted like watered down grapefruit juice from a mix. Other flavors promised were nowhere to be found.  They advertise using local farms... How about some
Fresh squeezed juice?

Probably won't be back. I'd drive to Mexico first.
Fantastic remodel of the church! It's absolutely gorgeous inside and out. Great service! I had the grilled romaine lettuce salad with chicken and that is one of the top 5 salads I have ever had!
My overall experience at Taco Guild was very pleasurable. The restaurant might not look like more than an old church from the street but as soon as you get to the doors you know you are in for a real treat! The interior design of the restaurant is to die for. They converted me to a "Taco Guild Believer" soon as I walked in! The beautiful ambience of the restaurant and the delicious chips and salsa set the bar very high for the quality of the food. I have had several varieties of their tacos and a burrito. I would highly recommend the tacos over the burritos. The beef tacos are significantly better than any seafood tacos (which are poor in flavor).

The three star rating is because the drinks are lacking in both size and strength but still high in price. I would definitely return during happy hour. It looks like they had a great happy hour special on both food and drink
This place pulled me in because of the historical building that I absolutely love. 

The ambiance inside is great. Interior design is amazing....I love the gothic but yet modern look. Chandeliers are beautiful...the fact that original windows were kept from the previous church is amazing. Décor is pretty awesome which helps the great atmosphere. 

The food, I must say it was nothing special. I had better tacos for sure. I also thought they were little over-priced for the amount you get. 

I would for sure go back to this place, but mostly because of atmosphere rather than food.
I consider myself a taco aficionado.  I know a lot of restaurants have their style of preparing tacos, and a lot of them are excellent (even the typical fried or greasy goodness that represents well, but is not the best for the body). 

Enter Taco Guild.   Was this building a former Catholic church? Very cool decor, chic/modern with touches of the inquisition.  I like the portions (small) for several reasons.  You can order as many as you want, but 2 will probably suffice.  I had the AL PASTOR PORK grilled pineapple, jalapeño bacon, pickled red onion. 3.95 and the URBAN BEAN COFFEE BRAISED BEEF caramelized onion, mango jicama relish, Cotija cheese. 3.95. Priced reasonably and very delicious.
The best part about Taco Guild is the atmosphere. It is a gorgeously restored church with original stained glass pieces and a few newer decor items that pull it together seamlessly. They had a nice beer selection with a few from Cartel Coffee's new brews as well. The downfall was the food. The menu made ordering so exciting, but what came out on the plate did not match up to the description. Everything just tasted so bad. Like very surprisingly bad. It's upsetting because I really wanted to like this place too. 

If I am in the area again I would go back for the beer and some chips and salsa but that's it.
Correct me if I'm wrong!  Taco Guild is brought to you by Z'Tejas!!
Explains a lot.  I knew I recognized those cheap weird chips!!!!!  Tacos were just ok. I may go back for just drinks hold the chips and salsa.  The place is so stinkin cool it's a shame the food doesn't do it any justice.
The decor and atmostphere was really great!  Kind of restored church meets industrial. couldn't stop looking around.  I had dinner with my son and we ordered a variety of things and everything was really tasty.  We started with the guac w/pineapple and serranos & queso duo.  I never would have thought to add grilled pineapple to guac but the sweetness played well with the spice of the serranos.  We had the Schreiner chorizo meatballs.  That came with slightly sweet and sour shredded beets and their prickly pear sauce.  They had me at Schreiner's.  We sampled two of the tacos - the taco of the day which was grilled chicken, corn and I don't remember what else as well as the chipotle cherry steak.  We enjoyed both and loved the (I believe house made) corn tortillas.  We also ordered the Adovada burrito.  Good stuff.  My son somehow still had room for dessert and ordered the tres leches cake.  It was fine but we both agreed we've had better.  Cocktails are handled well with a strong emphasis on craft tequilas.  No maragarita mix here.  2 thumbs up and we're looking forward to the next visit!
Fun atmosphere with very helpful staff. Menu include tequila flights - dependent upon your wallet, street taco - order three and add a side. The tortillas are made the same day -- super fresh and tasty. I tried the pork adovado and shrimp .. the pork was one of the best tacos I have ever had. the shrimp was tasty. Sat at the bar - bartender John.. great attitude and service. only draw back was the marg - only had it frozen on happy hour - would have like it on the rocks at happy hour price ($5) -- having said that - it was a good marg.
Good food, excellent drinks, and great patio

The taco's are interesting and flavourful but not my first pick for upscale taco joint.

The decor is amazing, the patio is really nice for an evening out.
Our food was awesome!  I had the vegetable make your own burrito with Honest Tea. Very very good.  Our waitress Kelly was  outstanding!  Very friendly and very quick with refills.  She has a great personality and was full of energy and enthusiasm.
Unbelievable! 5 star experience. Drinks were constantly filled, chips and salsa constantly replenished, salsa was on point. The veggie burrito my girlfriend and I each got was incredible and filling but not very heavy. Our server was brilliant, and out check was under $30. And not to mention this place is ALL atmosphere, what a trip! Can't wait to bring out of town friends here and show them a great phoenix hot spot!
Perhaps a little pricey for a taco joint but I did have the best taco I've ever had. Duck confit with an apricot jam with feta cheese. I'm not usaully a huge fan of corn tortillas because the tend to be dry and coarse but they make their own masa there and it is wonderful. Fresh, chewy, and compliments the tacos extremely well. The bartender was a cool dude who made an effort to be entertaining, I appreciate that style in the right setting, cheers to him. The building is way cool as well, it's in an old church, but you don't feel bad pounding tequilla, well played Taco Guild.
Beautiful location although it is hard to find parking at lunch time in the middle of the week.  The menu was small which isn't always a bad thing. They serve you chips and salsa on the house as soon as you sit down.  The salad was actually delicious.  Didn't taste like any other salad I've had before. Didn't try the tacos so cant review on those. I would go again to try the rest of the food. Servers were very nice as well.
Chips and salsa is reason enough to go here. Tacos were delicious. Unfortunately none of us truly got what we ordered.  No cilantro means no cilantro usually, but at the guild it means extra I guess. 3 of us made small changes to the menu items and none of them were complied with. 

Also, refills were non-existent (water or tea).  The poor hostess had to come through with out only refill of tea as we were about to leave. I apparently forgot to ask for iced tea as all we got was warm tea in our cup.

So to recap, chips and flavor of food was awesome. Don't change anything on the menu. Don't expect solid service. Maybe they were busy. Or had an off day.
Building was gorgeous. Service had a little to be desired. Friendly, but not very efficient. We ordered burritos, probably should've ordered tacos. They were good, but not enough to bring me back. I would go back to try the tacos.
Beautiful design,  and I would check this place out for that reason alone. The menu was fun, & just the right amount of options.  We only did happy hour, but everything we tried was delicious.  Definitely want to go back again.  Plus, the valet service they offered there was top notch!
One of the very few restaurants in Phoenix that has pleased me. The margaritas are tasty and strong, the tacos are quite delish, and our server Laura was a sweetie pie and attentive. My only complaint: We all thought is was pretty disgusting that there are no doors covering doorways to the bathrooms. Yes, you don't walk directly into the bathroom, but when you are sitting anywhere near the open doorways, which lead to a tiled "bathroom looking" area, it can be enough to turn your stomach. Why not cease the opportunity to place another beautiful and creative piece of woodwork? Come on, Mr. Fox.
4 stars for the ambiance...eating in a dark-ish church makes you feel like you're in a repurposed building in Europe. Definitely well-done. I feel like they should host a gothic dance night here.

5 stars for chips and salsa and guacamole. VERY good!

2 to 3 stars for the rest of the food...not that memorable.

2 stars for service. We were ignored for the first 10 minutes we were there. The manager came over eventually and asked if we'd been helped. Then he found a server for us.

Expensive for what we got, we probably won't go back. But the ambiance is great...probably very good for a date.
I really wanted to check out this place! I heard excellent things about the atmosphere! The old church did Not disappoint, it was so beautiful, I really enjoyed the setting. The happy hour deals were really awesome! My $5 margarita was nice, crisp and strong. The chips and salsa were sooooo yummy! The chips appear to be fresh and housemade. I tried the povado- pork- avocado taco, pretty yummy as well!! All in all pretty cute, yummy food. Be prepared to spend some cash, prices can get high. Our tall male server was not my fave however, kind of Abrupt and seemed to dislike us a lot. Took chips and salsa away when we were still eating them. Kind of a get out moment.. 
Oh well, all the ladies that worked there seemed nice, lots of hello, goodbye and thank you greetings. I would try again and maybe sit at the bar according to other reviews :)
Great old building. Beautiful stained glass. Food was good - interesting pairings. The tacos were small but filling. The guac is fantastic. Waiter was very rude to a person in our party. Overall - fun place to lunch. Will I return. Meh. Maybe.
Yes this place is gorgeous; a restored church turned gastro pub with a great vibe!  the bar is the alter, how sweet is that?!! My new Sunday spot & Happy Hour starts at 2 with a secret menu including an egg brunch taco. WIN!
As a vegetarian suto vegan, I have many options.  This place is like the 'Whole Foods' of tacos.  The veg tacos are to die for with rotating local seasonal vegetables...which included brussel sprouts, carrots & collard greens! The tortillas are fresh made soft corn, YUM so tasty! The rice & beans are veg too. And as for the drink, it was so delicious --- I got the Osbourn -- nice & strong, well worth the price using a top shelf smooth Anejo Tequila & all the juice is squeezed fresh.  I don't think they use mixes at all. Great bar & delicious food. & also the chips & salsa are complimentary. Like I said, this place is my new Church on Sunday.
Came here for lunch because so many people have suggested Taco Guild. I definitely give the ambiance 5 stars - this place is a remodeled church and it's really cool inside. I also give the service 5 star. Sat at the bar and the service we received was exceptional.

As far as the food - it was a bit mediocre to me. The tacos are upscale and depending on what kind you get, between $3 and $5 a taco. If you get three, you get a free side. For being this expensive, I figured there would be more flavor with the tacos. I've had much better at hold in the wall places to be honest. 

The chips and guac were perfect though - I had that for the starter. Plus the salsa is very good as well. I'd give it a try if you're interested in checking it out - I'd probably go back for happy hour sometime.
Our waiter was very friendly and very prompt. Tacos were amazing. Everything looked from scratch including the tortilla. Not only were tacos fantastic but margarita on the rocks was amazing. 

I would definitely come again. The decor and historic building make it a lovely experience.
To start off with the building is ultra cool being in an old church with the stained glass windows still intact and all.  They have an extensive tequila list and also feature local craft brews from Cartel, Papago, Four Peaks, etc.  The portions of guacamole were large enough for a group of 4.  Very interesting mix of tacos to choose from from lamb with blue cheese to peking duck. Prices were fair and service was excellent. Could turn into a new regular place for us.
I've been wanting to try this place since it has opened. It's close to my house and to have a good taco spot by the house makes me happy. I decided to take my mom out to dinner for her birthday since she wanted to try something new. Atmosphere and ambiance are definitely cool. As for the food it was not even that good. Everything we ordered was missing flavor. We started off with the guacamole with bacon. That needed ALOT of salt. And I don't even like salty food. I ordered the shrimp taco and the thai snapper. They were OK. You can definitely get better somewhere else for half the price. Their tortillas are weird too, too thick in my opinion. We also tried the corn and that was good, but again needed salt. Taco Guild needs to step up their game on FLAVOR!! I would only go back for a margarita and chips and salsa. Our waitress was not that great either. 2 stars is all you get Taco Guild.
This was a first time experience for me and it was AWESOME! We sat out on patio (which is much quieter than inside) the weather was perfect, we sat with great company, had an awesome waiter and delicious food.  I really couldn't ask for more. I love that they had gluten free options too!  This will be a regular spot for me as long as I can sit on the patio.  I admit if I sat inside I might have a different opinion of this place.  When i walked inside to go to the bathroom I realized how LOUD it was inside. They definitely need to work on the acoustics to make it more personal for each table.  AND pretty please arrange your table better so there can be a more clear path to the bathroom.  All in all, this places deserve a 5!
I live down the block and was excited when it opened.
The food is terrible. They have goofy tacos like Tye snapper abd burned veggies.
The service is good however.
This a a Z Tejas resturant and that says it all.
Lets hope it changes hands soon
Clearly, you come to Taco Guild for the atmosphere. Which is great. The tacos are expensive and sound better than they taste. The use of local ingredients earned this place its 3rd star.

The Happy Hour specials are reasonable and the orientation of long, group-style seating and dim lighting make it a good spot for that.

Bikes out front, set in an architecturally interesting church, hidden behind a Starbucks.
It's kind of a cool venue and there's plenty of parking. The food is okay: more of an "upscale middle-class white people" kind of Mexican restaurant and less "actual Mexican people enjoy actual Mexican food." Chips and salsa were free and tasty and the drinks were pretty good! Our service wasn't great, we had a coupon which had no limits on it but both our server and the manager refused to honor it. This was particularly frustrating, since we had come because of the coupon. Also there's something about eating an old church that either creeps me out or bums me out (im not sure). It's not a bad place to go, but there's lots of GOOD Mexican food in Phoenix so why settle for okay? This place is fine, but nothing special.
OMG.  I never know what to brag about more.  Frozen margaritas - perfect.  Cheese and guacamole appetizer - can't stop eating it.  tacos diverse in option and I love every one.  I wish they has a sixth star.
While waiting for service on my motorcar a few blocks away, I stumbled across a historic church bldg dating back to 189something that was converted into a restaurant, specializing in unique and equally tasty tacos like "thai coconut curry red snapper." Among an otherwise ubiquitous landscape of corporate empires, a unique find indeed. Why not 5 stars? They forgot to give me a place setting (fork and knife). Otherwise great service.
We decided to go to this rehabbed church for cinco de mayo.  The atmosphere is so cool with the stained glass windows and mural on the wall.  The bar looks awesome, though we sat in the booth.

That tacos are mostly good.  There were very few that I didn't like.  During happy hour, the taco of the day (that day was pork carnita) is only 2 dollars.  We got 3 tacos (you get 1 free side then and the rice is a must try) and 3 of the happy hour tacos and were stuffed at the end of it.  

Like I said the rice is awesome.  Its got more flavor that you typically get, bits of corn also adds to the appeal.  I really liked the pork adovada and the carnita.  The others were decent but not too exciting - shrimp, duck, guild chicken.

A definite must try if only for the scene!
Phoenix has more than enough places to eat Mexican food every single day of the year but I had being wanted to try out Taco Guild with a friend for some time. We finally went and like so many others, I have to give it a 5 for the atmosphere and the building. It's unlike any place I've ever eaten at to be honest. But...for the rest it's a big "meh". There little tacitos are similar to what you find at nearby Joy Ride which I found to be very close in terms of coolness but with tastier tacos. 
I took a dive into what I thought was some creamy avocado and it though it wasn't something that set my pallet on fire it was later confirmed by our waiter prior to ordering that the avocado sauce was with jalapenos...now that I could believe. 
As for the important thing, the food, I went for the "safe" chicken tacos but there was just something lacking. Not as tender as flavorful and the tacos felt a little too thick. I'll be honest that I'm all for mild tasting salsa and it would have been nice for the waiter to warn that the dipping sauces provided (they are all good and probably perfect for most) are on the spicy side. It also didn't help that there were flies in the restaurant. Not the most enjoyable thing.

I would recommend the place for a drink and happy hour for sure but I'm not honestly sure I'd be back for lunch or dinner. Worth checking out and hopefully having a higher opinion of it then me, amazing decor aside.
I love the ambiance at taco guild! It's so fun and a place everyone should see! The tacos are good and you can try different kinds on one plate. 2 tacos wqw plenty! 

Try the sangria!!
A fan but not a huge fan. We went for happy hour and sat up at the bar. Except for an extremely over served patron sitting next to us we totally loved the atmosphere. We had the bacon guacamole which I didn't love but my boyfriend seemed to enjoy. What did blow me away was the lamb taco! I could have eaten a dozen of them. I highly recommend it and do to anyone who tells me they are going up there for dinner/lunch. I am sure we go back.
Definitely come for the atmosphere. I love the location and I LOVE the way they've redone the old church. Seriously it's so cool!
The beer list is short, but all local. The cocktails are fun and inventive (c'mon, how can you go wrong with one named 'these boots are made for oaxacan'???). 
I heeded the advice of previous reviews, and did not order anything to eat. But they did bring out free chips and salsa and they were delish!
Overall, a super cool place to drop by for a drink or two.
The restored church is unbelievably cool. The El Pastor pork is my favorite as it's like a gourmet version of a 2 am Mexican street taco. I love the chips and variations of guacamole as well. 

The strange downside of this place is there is no clear hostess station and because of this they're horrible at receiving patrons through the front door. Now I love the food enough to endure this, but I've stood at the door so many times to the point it was awkward I had to stop someone to get seated. I've also been told they were on a wait while I could see open tables and simply needed to get somebody else to get a table.

On a sidenote the jukebox can be a blessing or curse. Lots of horrible music but they also have old soul music like Joe Tex on it. My advice is take it over early if you're going to stay for a while.
It's hard not to be instantly impressed with Taco Guild, with its beautiful placement inside an old church which they left tastefully in its original form. The food was as inspiring as the surroundings, with some of the best tequila and margarita drinks that Jesus ever transformed from water. The complimentary chips met all of my expectations of crisp and fresh chips, and the diverse mix of salsas that accompanied them were fresh and tasty (my chips were a bit over-salted though according to my blood pressure readings).

It was tough to settle on food choices, but I chose the scallop and shrimp ceviche, the cherry beef taco, and the Pork Al Pastor taco. Three solid choices. The ceviche was beautiful and perfectly seasoned with cilantro and onion, served alongside ridiculously addictive chips. The tacos were both great choices, but I will have to say that the cherry beef topped with bleu cheese was probably the single best item I enjoyed on my Phoenix Mexican gourmet tour.

The service was excellent and very attentive. I do believe Jesus is calling me to come back to this church again.
New favorite restaurant! The location is so stinkin cool and the food is unbelievable!! I could have drank the salsa... The staff there is just phenomenal, everyone treats you like you are a regular, so friendly and when the ask if you need something or how the food is, it's like they REALLY care! Seriously. You can tell they all care about their jobs and care about their customers. Love this place and can't wait to go back!
I am a big fan of street tacos so I was happy to give this place a try.  By far the most expensive street tacos I've ever seen or tasted.  They are good but $4-$5 each is crazy for a 3" taco.  The ingredients are good.  I wasn't blown away by the thai inspired taco but the al pastor was great.    

The best chips and salsa I have ever tasted in a restaurant.  I would score the place lower if it wasn't for the awesome chips and salsa.  Everything is made in house and it was awesome.  The decor is very nice and the service was excellent.
Incredible atmosphere, delicious gourmet food and super friendly service.  We'll be back soon, for sure!

The building alone is worth the trip - the resturant is inside a beautiful old church, complete with high ceilings, stained glass window and atmosphere out the wazoo!  The trappings of the restaurant (tables, bar, etc.) are blended nicely into this gorgeous setting.   

Excellent food:  The guacamole was delightfully fresh and delicious and the complimentary salsa was tasty (chips - a bith thick for my taste, but fresh).  The tacos really stole the show.  I got the Thai Snapper taco and the Shrimp Taco, and both were super impressive!  I was delighted to discover that, in addition to corn or flour tortillas, you can order them in lettuce wraps!!  I'm not a huge fan of tortillas, and this means I can fit more guacamole in my tummy, plus the lettuce is fresh and delicious, giving the tacos a lovely summery lightness.  I also had a bite of the seasonal vegetable taco, which somehow tasted even better than mine - woah!  The seasonal veggie side was small and tasty, too (I sampled my husband's).

We took advantage of the Sunday Happy Hour (starts at 2pm, all day!) and had beers and wines at a bargain to complement our tasty eats.  Their beer list is short but super local - Four Peaks, Oak Creek, Cartel.  Our server was funny and attentive (excellent drink refills).  Overall, a big win!
Usually not a fan of chains (Z'Tejas), as I try to keep my business with locally owned organizations but  happy I checked out Taco Guild. Super neat space and great ambiance. The food and drink menus are excellent and the service has always been very good. Happy hour is also a nice treat.
Good place love the church feel,... I also love that they have allot of Spirit,.the taco are amazing get the duck,... you will thank me later.
(Review includes update)

My daughter and I arrived on a Friday night and were seated after about a 10-minute wait.  Hostess was friendly.  The place was quite busy but staffing seemed adequate.  We knew something was wrong when the hostess who seated us said, "I'll have someone wait on you as soon as possible." I've never heard that before.  After two minutes of not even being acknowledged, i.e., "I'll be right with you," we continued to be treated as if we were invisible.  My back was turned but three servers made eye contact with my daughter and they also had time to converse amongst themselves - yet NONE said a word to us. I started the stopwatch and said if no one comes to us in three minutes, we walk. After three and a-half minutes, we got up and left.  What a shame. The menu looked interesting and the ambience was pretty cool.  But the lack of service was the worst I've experienced in a long time. Will never go back.

UPDATE
I commend management for responding to my complaint and they have invited us back to try Taco Guild again. I have adjusted to three stars and will update the rating again based on our next experience.  Their manager was embarrassed by the service we received and thoroughly apologized. That's quite honorable.
Service , sangria, salsa guacamole excellent. Tasty selection of tequilas! Tacos new n old great choices. The renewed church amazing architecture n design!!
Tacos with a twist. From farm to face, all of the food is very good and super fresh. I love the fact that they embraced the church feel, very trendy.the street corn and guacamole are a must. I am glad I found this place and I will definitely come back again. Overall great experience!
I am a member of HolyTacoChurch.com. With many of my brothers and sisters in town for Phoenix Comicon, it was only right that we take a pilgrimage to the Taco Guild and its church building. 

Oh, and the Taco Guild is indeed blessed.

Our party took us half the restaurant, it seemed, and yet the service was excellent. The chunky pineapple-mint guacamole and the queso were superb with the chips. And hello, happy hour! I like margaritas but they aren't my favorite, but the frozen margarita there was a potent delight.

I selected three tacos: pork adovada, Yucatan shrimp, and grilled seasonal vegetable. The pork was awesome. I've tried many of the highly-rated taco places around, and this pork is now rated among the best. In part, this is because it was finely shredded and very easy to eat. No big chunks falling out all over.

The shrimp taco was the most disappointing of the lot--the hot sauce overwhelmed any other flavor, even though it didn't have much of a kick. Even so, it was quite edible, and much better than tacos at other places.

I LOVED the vegetable taco. The texture was perfection--crisp, with lots of flavor.

For my free side, I got a house side salad with a chipotle vinaigrette (I think). I was pleased with how large the salad was, and the dressing was unique and good.

This is my new favorite taco place in Phoenix. The food and ambience can't be beat. Sadly, my friends have now scattered across the country, but now I can drag my family here whenever we're in the vicinity of downtown. I must share the sanctity of this place.
The husband and I checked out the Taco Guild's happy hour after yoga the other day. The happy hour is alright, it includes a 5$ marg, discounted beer, and discounted shot of tequila with a beer. Additionally, there is a special on the 'taco of the day' (2$). Pretty slim pickings, but not terrible. We each got a marg and we split a taco ( just to taste it). The frozen margarita was STRONG. It tasted like straight tequila. Some people may like this... I would rather it have more flavor. We had chips and salsa with our drinks. They bring out 4 salsas... one large container of red salsa and 3 small containers of other spicier salsas ( one tomatillo based, one orange sauce that tasted very acidic and maybe was made with habanero?, and a pink looking salsa that was spicy and tasty). 2/3 of the small salsas were good, but so small they were hard to eat. The large red salsa was terrible... it tasted like marinara sauce... yuck. The taco of the day was a pork taco with onions and peppers... Our server couldn't pronounce the name and I don't remember what it was, but it was fairly good. The meat was tender, but it was a little overly oniony. I would consider coming back, but it wouldn't be my first choice in town for tacos.
Other than the decor, this over-priced, noisy taco joint lacks culinary appeal.    Props to the service -- good and prompt.  

I ordered the three tacos and side combo.  The tacos were salty and the fish was this side of bad.
This is by far my new favorite place! $5 Happy Hour Margaritas are delicious and I even have a favorite server! Try it! You won't regret it! My fav taco is the coffee bean braised beef but every taco I've tried is wonderful! The sides have changed over time but I'm honestly never disappointed!

P.S. Ask for Tim as your server...he's the BEST!!!!
Went for lunch. We were greeted promptly, and seated as such. The menu is simple. A small selection of appetizers and entrees. My friend and I decided to sit at the bar after  realizing the chairs at the tables were a bit uncomfortable. The ambience is very nice. Started with the chips and salsa. Very good. There was a sauce that looked like ketchup that was delicious and spicy. My favorite. For tacos, we had the shrimp, the lamb, a beef taco, and the chipotle cherry steak taco. All were fabulous, but one stood out. The chipotle cherry steak taco was out of this world. Amazing. And the wait staff was super friendly. We can't wait to go back!
Just went here for the first time tonight. I had a duck taco and a coffee braised beef taco and their homemade corn tortillas. Excellent food! I definitely look forward to going back to try some more items off the menu. Also, their margaritas are delicious!
Such a cool atmosphere!! And the food and drinks are amazing! Highly recommend the Bloody Mary on the brunch menu! They have weekend happy hour which is awesome...we will definitely be back soon!
ok, i will admit, i was HUGELY skeptical of this place. it had everything going against it...a pilot concept for a chain? no. 'upscale' (read: yuppie) mexican food in a neighborhood that already has a lot of traditional mexican food? no. brand new strip mall that the neighbors i talk to all didnt want? no.

but we finally caved last night and, uh, its very good. beautiful space, great service and selection, everything we had was DELICIOUS. even the salsa spread (regular red, slightly smoked, pureed jalapeno and habanero) they bring you to start is unique and fantastic. my wife and i tried nearly all of the taco selections, all worth it. its not 'real' mexican food in the purist-lingo, but it is damn good.

only complaints: a bit on the pricey side for the quantity you get, the fresh tortillas can apparently be a bit hit or miss as a few were slightly under done and too chewy. everything else was great
Meh!  Very average food, poor HH, especially the wine.  I really wanted it to be good but was not impressed.  I left with a $30 bill after 2 average tacos, a very small pour on a cheap wine( which was $9) and a side of beans.  
The bad was beautiful.  Too bad the food did not match the atmosphere.
I was buying a guitar across the street at Guitar Tree..and wondered over to Taco Guild for lunch. My girlfriend and I were so blown away by the decor of this place! Like an old church slightly converted to a great place too eat, drink and hang out. The service was great and we thought the food was excellent..Chips & Salsa great..My taco's were so good and they had all these different sauces..You know, if you're a cheapskate you might go somewhere else..but we were perfectly happy to shell out 50 bucks for lunch and drinks..it was fun and we'll be back
Don't waste your time or money. The food was not great and very expensive. About $4 per taco. Also, the service was terrible. But on the up side, the building is cool.
Tacos are overpriced and not that good. The service was horrible. My group was ignored for quite some time. Also the menu is short and there is no simple beef or chicken taco. But the building is pretty cool and very unique, unfortunately It does not make up for the food. I will not be back :(
The food is good however the portion sizes are extremely small.   I would pay $1.99 per taco not $3.95... the atmosphere is good but not worth the price for the portion size...

Probably will not be back any time soon with so many options for tacos in Phoenix!!!
Great place to eat. I loved the atmosphere as well as the fact that they buy their food locally. Props to them for keeping business local. Great twist on traditional Mexican food. I kind of loved the old church feel. I have already been telling my friends to come check it out.
5 stars for the atmosphere and decor
&
3 stars for the tacos and appetizers

I will definitely come back for drinks/happy hour, but won't eat here again.  The service was friendly, but nothing that stood out.  This place has so much potential, so hopefully they'll step it up with the food.
Two stars for a nice interior and the manager offering to comp our lunch.  However, I was not looking for a free lunch.  I was excited to have an opportunity to eat lunch here as I am usually serving lunch myself.  We showed up after 12:30 and it was still a little busy.  We waited about 10 minutes for a table as I didn't feel like eating lunch at the bar, bad choice.  After 2 different people brought us water and chips our waitress finally made an appearance.  I had the taco plate with a free side and he had a steak burrito with a free side.  My meal came out pretty quick however his meal came out 7 minutes later.  My free side turned out to be ice cold rice and his free side never arrived.  It's not really a free side if you don't bring the said side.  Our food delivery and drink refills were done by other servers.  At no point did our waitress or any other server ask how our meal was or if we needed anything, isn't that server 101?!? Check on your tables.  My boyfriend had to leave and get back to work as it was taking a long time and could not foresee when our server would reappear.  When she finally decided to check on me and brought the bill she apologized for the confusion?  What confusion?!  She told us she would be our server so I expect she will be serving us, not everyone else.  She just flat out IGNORED us!  When she knew I was not pleased she got short with me.  Probably not how you should treat a displeased customer.  

Whitney, dear this business is not for you and stop putting blame elsewhere.  

I'm not sure I will be back for lunch.  Maybe when it cools off the patio would be a nice experience.  And the food, pretty good but not worth the bad service.  Also, the manager should be managing his staff not tending the bar at lunch time.
Building is pretty, an old church, but unhappy with the experience.  They were out of the only item on the menu my husband wanted to eat.  When asked about whether the Asian pork happy hour taco specials were greasy, were told no, but they are deep fried! Didn't have much taste and the pork was hard and chewy. The server said you could get the corn side for $1.50 when you ordered 3 tacos, but guess it didn't count on the happy hour tacos (which he clarified after the fact - when the bill came) Had to order 3 tacos off regular menu to get that price, so we ended up with 9, plus the 3 coffee bean braised beef.. Slow on refill of salsa, beer, and  water refills near end of meal.  Wasn't asked about a dessert.  We were celebrating a birthday and no mention. Won't be back.  Was so looking forward to it!
I hate to give you guys such a low score cause the food is fresh. Service was good. But I just don't like your tacos. Guess I like simpler flavors. I don't get the salsa. At first I was excited to have 4 kinds. Two kinds tasted like tabaco. The corn on the cob was interesting. I didnt love the sauces on it but I didnt enjoy the corn.  Now on the other hand if you like gastro pubs this place is cool. If you want tacos not great. If you want an adult beverage this is a very good place to hang. Sorry for the low stars. Cool bar. Not great for tacos.  Some I am sure will disagree with my review. I recommend trying for you self.
First of all...the place is absolutely beautiful! My husband and I have been here a few times to enjoy cocktails at the bar but never ate there until yesterday and I have to say it was DELICIOUS! Our server, John who is amazing by the way, brought us chips and salsa for starters while we browsed the menu. They have 4 different types of salsa, each are wonderful but I think the green one was my favorite, and the chips are warm and fresh.  My husband ordered the tacos, which you can mix and match, I got  the chicken burrito, and for our little one, they made a cheese quesadilla. Both plates were mind blowing good and even our daughters was tasty. If you are looking for a new place to try in Central Phoenix, give this place a go! Cannot wait to go back!
Excellent and UNIQUE food, paired with a beautiful space and good margaritas has quickly earned Taco Guild the title of Adrian F.'s new favorite taco joint! I especially love the housemade-to-order guac! The service can be a bit... sluggish... at times, so I wouldn't recommend this place if you're in a rush, but aside from this small blemish I give Taco Guild 5 stars all around!
I love this spot; it is awesome. The tacos were amazing and their homemade nachos and salsa were amazing as well. I went for my birthday lunch recently with some colleagues and I will be back for their happy hour. THey have some great drinks specials and food specials listed. 

THe ambiance  of the Taco Guild is awesome as well. They converted an old historic church into an amazing bar and restaurant with some of the original stained glass and chandeliers and art.

I will be back soon!!!
7/7/13

A plane crash at San Francisco Airport forced us to stay an extra day in Vegas. After we checked out of Mandalay Bay and had our luggage stored, we walked around and stumbled into the Four Seasons, which is encapsulated around the Mandalay ground. Their pool is right next to the Mandalay Beach separated by partition.

So we were killing time until it was time head back to McCarran.

PRESS is a lounge overlooking the pool area. It consists of a full bar and a coffee/espresso stand. You can make purchase of coffee/tea and pastries and sit at the lounge, or order cocktails from the bartender. PRESS have plug-ins to recharge your iPhone and iPod dock. There's complimentary wifi. We split our time between the cozy indoor lounge and the poolside wicker chairs outside. It's perfect for catching up with friends or just chilling, reading a book.

A cosmopolitan is just $12 here---yes, at the Four Seasons and service is impeccable. They turned on the mist outside and parts of the section have cushioned booths that sit up to 10. It's a gorgeous beautiful place hidden away from the Strip. I'll definitely return for drinks in the future.
It was a brilliant idea to create an alternative to the formal restaurant. Press is offering great food and drinks and it is prefect for the ones who cannot spend 30 minutes for a tea and a croissant. Four Seasons seems to adapt... that's great news!
Yes they serve Lavazza coffee, but it's out of those single-serve pods. Not exactly the upscale experience one expects at Four Seasons.

Friendly, attentive service though.

As a drinker of iced mochas, I'd actually opt for Starbucks over this (and I avoid the 'bucks whenever I can).
Having now sampled the hybrid pastry on both coasts and points in between, including the original Cronut after an amusing two hour wait at Dominique Ansel it was to swanky Vegas newcomer Press Lounge at the Four Seasons that Saturday morning led me and with valet, doormen, smiling servers, and pleasantries aplenty it was just after 7am that I arrived to find a trio of still-warm "New York Style Donuts" lined up beside a few other pastries, a duo selected at $4:50 each and boxed with great care as my car idled out front.  Ever service oriented and eager to please even as I snapped a few photos before tasting the goods it was first in the lightly sugared option that I indulged and featuring delicate laminated pastry beneath a light exterior crunch without a hint of oiliness this is as close to the 'original' as I've found, a supple interior chew harkening a simple butter croissant but unmistakably a donut as well - an effect replicated in the rich chocolate option, though with far more 'mess' as the heated ganache slowly dripped through the donut's hole with each bite through innumerable golden layers.  Admittedly still a fan of the slightly more nuanced, crisp, and less sugary "O-Nut" at DK in Santa Monica or that found locally at Coco, for those looking for an Ansel-esque croissant-donut without the airfare and 2+ hour line it is hard to argue against either "America" at New York-New York or Press, though with similar pricing the latter proves far more appealing to those adverse to navigating construction or a smoky casino floor.

For now I'll score this place 4 stars given the limited pastry menu, but dinner may change that soon if the small plates and desserts menu proves equally impressive.
Swanky. 
Right inside the entrance of the Four Seasons Hotel, the b/f and I came here specifically for some croissant doughnuts that I'd pre-ordered for an event with Yelp friends.  This is definitely out of the way for us, but I have to say that I'd love to hang out here more if it were closer.  First of all, the dough'sants are good, albeit pricey, as was the almond milk latte that I got, but, hello, it's the FOUR SEASONS.   I wasn't surprised or shocked that it would cost me more.  All along, I had wrongly assumed this place was a cafe, but it's basically the hotel's coffee bar.  There were two friendly people working the bar and us when we arrived around 8:00am on a Saturday morning.  My order of a dozen donuts was ready when we got there, each one in individual boxes- so fancy!  Since we had time to kill, we had our coffees and relaxed in the seating area adjacent to the bar.  They have comfortable seating complete with outlets and even phone chargers for different cellphones--fancier!  There is also outside seating on the patio that looks very chill.  The b/f and I agreed that we'd come back soon for more swanky, fancy coffee and pastry, plus our laptops when we need a lovely change of scenery.  And, when we have some extra money.
Polite service, good drinks.
Classic Four Seasons service and quality. PRESS lounge has very refreshing, yet innovative cocktails that are made to perfection using "pressed" or muddled fruit to infuse the cocktail of choice. Definitely worthy of having a sip, seat, bite and enjoying the outdoor atmosphere with views of the pool. 

Coupled with elegant and relaxing surroundings, it's truly enjoyable! One thing to note is the reverse happy hour, nightly from 9pm to close the cocktails half off.
I was really sad to see CJ's go, but I am glad to see something new put up in its place...  and to find it's a place that serves coffee! 

So after driving past it every day for the past few months, I can finally go in and try some coffee.  The interior is "lodge"y with using pieces of wood trunks to decorate and some Jamison barrels scattered around.  This seems like a nice place for me to bring my laptop and work on the weekends.

I ordered a ice latte to go (minus 1 star for charing a dollar for vanilla syrup!), and it's really smooth.  I don't get that burnt taste I usually get at Starbucks.  I'm really glad I have a place to grab caffeine on my way to work.

There's also a full bar in case I wanted an extra kick with my coffee.  The question now is do we call the staff baristas or bartenders?  Baristenders?
I love coffee.

I myself have been waiting for this place to open for a while now. I work less than a mile away. So it is very very convenient. 

As I walked in I was hesitant because everyone looked so occupied doing a specific task that didn't really look like it needed to be done. I walked up to the register unsure of what I wanted, so I asked for suggestions. I love when and employee can suggest something that actually fits my needs. (because I am very picky)

They serve: wrap, salad, and Panini's 

I have never had a wrap because to me its just a burrito with a bunch of stuff that I don't like. 

I don't like salads at all.... (sad I know)

I have never tried a Panini so I was kind of excited that it was actually something that I would eat. I ordered the aged cheddar Panini with no mustard. It took approximately 10 minutes served with a pickle and some pepper chips. It was so freaking good I wanted another but, was full by the time I finished half. 

I also ordered a vanilla iced latte with lite ice. I have to say that this as well was pretty good. I don't know if I was charged extra for the syrup or not. Hence I didn't get a detailed receipt. 

Overall the décor is pretty modern, with like a mountain American type theme. I liked the trunk pieces above the bar, it looks pretty neat. 

There was no Wi-Fi when I went. 
There was some sort of discrepancy in the lighting. It randomly kept shutting of and on

They have a gaming area, lounge area, eating, and bar. Plus the outside seating.
I love it. I will back for more Panini's.
5 stars for concept, atmosphere, vibe, and the layout of the place.
3 stars for the food and coffee.

A pinch of Starbucks, a bit of Einstein's, a dash of Dotty's, sprinkle in some Lodge-ness - mix it all together and you get this neat place.

I was pretty impressed with the layout of the Lodge CH&T - the outdoor covered patio is very nice, the inside is roomy with a living room set up on one side with free-standing video poker units (like Dotty's), a full service liquor bar, and of course the coffee counter with a pastry case.

The menu has alcohol, coffee, coffee with alcohol, paninis, salads, and breakfast items (well 2 but whatever) and a drive thru. Dining in? You order at the counter and they bring it to you.

My husband ordered the Cafe Lodge Panini & a hazelnut latte. I had the bacon, egg, & cheese sandwich with a white mocha (total 19 and change). The drinks were nothing spectacular -probably middle of the road average. The coffee prices are comparable to Starbucks (4.25 for a 16 oz white mocha). I was told the breakfast sandwich I ordered was new... it was okay - fast food-esque served on a plate. For 6.25, my husband considered his panini priced just right for the taste. Nothing we had was bad, it just wasn't great.

This would be a perfect place to meet friends in the morning for a latte on the patio or an adult beverage in the evening before a night out. It actually wouldn't be a bad place to hangout before or even after work. I was surprised there wasn't a TV behind the bar, it would be perfect to catch a game without the big crowd of a sports bar...
Note: they have ashtrays on every table and at the bar--- so it's smoker-friendly all over (this may bother some of you)

I'm definitely coming back to try out their adult coffee beverages....the chocolate martini sounded delicious.
COOL SPOT and agree with Sussie H"s review.    Great concept but they need some things to work on a bit but nevertheless still prefer it over Starbucks. Great coffee. The smokers  CAN smoke outside in their great patio (unlike Starubucks)!  Hope they will stay busy enough to support the 24hrs!  The city really needed something like this which reminds you of northern european places minus the gaming machines!  Lets get out and support such places and not our "generic" casinos so much!
I've been here twice, once for drinks and once for coffee and let me tell you... this place is amazing!! The interior design is absolutely beautiful. I feel like I'm in a cabin in Big Bear California. The bartender that served my delicious drink was very kind and friendly. I highly recommend the drinks there a long with the coffee it had a great taste and definitely woke me up. BTW they have a drive thru :)
The rave reviews posted with respect to this establishment are truly bewildering. 

Our rather lousy experience began immediately when we entered the place at around 5pm. There noticeably were only a couple of patrons.

"You're not allowed to be here," the greeter barked at us sternly.

"Oh, we're just here for coffee," my friend replied as she stopped dead in her tracks.

"Under 21 only," deadpanned the greeter.

We were bewildered as we pulled out our IDs for her inspection. The greeter should have simply asked for our IDs rather than assume we were all under 21. Besides, I know Asians look young, but really? I'm 34, and the last educated guess at my age was 27. Seriously speaking, I appreciate the compliment, but the way it was given was certainly not orthodox.

The four of us were then seated at living room style couches and sofas. As we did not receive menus, we had to flag down the hostess again for that reason. I ordered a tangerine smoothie while my friends ordered alcoholic mixed beverages. 

Another oddity occurred when we went up to the counter to order pastries after ordering our drinks with the server. The hostess at the counter took my friends order of two pastries and asked if they could be placed in the same bag since they were out of bags. My friend agreed.

But then I placed my order, saying that she could place it in a napkin if need be. She nodded her head. I received my order in a bag identical to the ones they were allegedly out of, along with a napkin and utensils all wrapped in plastic. Strange.

So we received our drinks. My friends' alcoholic beverages were average and nothing special, while my smoothie was not a smoothie. It was shaved italian ice colored orange and loaded with a large quantity of sugar. The aftertaste reeked (not even tasted, reeked) of sweetness from the sugar. If I wanted a Slurpee, I would have chosen to instruct the server to obtain my beverage from the 7-11 next door. 

At one point, we found that we could not find our server once again. Eventually, my friend located her... sitting in a customer's chair in front of a slot machine, smoking a cigarette. Ok, I understand a smoke break, but in front of the customers? 

On the way out, I noticed a machine that produced the different colored so-called "smoothies." It was similar to those used to make frozen ice desserts. I shook my head. We waved and yelled out our good nights but, not surprisingly, we were not acknowledged at all.

I would be open to trying this place again if the management responds actively to this review. Perhaps the off-peak staff is simply staff-in-training. 

Until then, I can get better smoothies at McDonald's for a fraction of the cost.

Two stars minus one star for the service = one star.
I am utterly confused by this place. I just don't know how to describe it. It was good, don't get me wrong. But I don't know what _it_ is.

I used it as a coffee shop, but they had video poker. I've never been at a coffee shop with video poker.  I have been to bars with those, and this is also a bar. I wasn't using it as a bar, I was using it as a coffee shop.

As a coffee shop, it was good. The coffee was definitely passable.

The only real negative was the WiFi. If you are showing up to get serious work done you may be disappointed. Worst coffee shop WiFi I've experienced in a minute. It's hard to find spots that are comfortable to work at, and aside from the spotty WiFi this definitely fits the bill.
This place deserves a 2-star for the following reasons: RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL and MEDIOCRE drinks.  Most of the time we would've taken our money else where but hey, we drove all the way here, so we might as well just get our drinks and because the place itself might be worth it.  

The place:  There is a nice outdoor area that you can sit and a few tables and then a couch area with a TV and fire place.  However this place seemed confused of it's own identity.  Even though the title said coffee house and tavern, I would've assume that majority it will be a coffee house before anything.  From the layout and decor I definitely did not get a tavern but more of a lounge. The place looked clean and organized but there is the cigarette scent lingering so it's no longer a place you would want to relax and hangout.  There's also a few gambling machines.

The experience ---  I walked in with my friends thinking to grab a quick cup of coffee (since it said Coffee House) to just wind down the day. However, we walked into a pretty empty place with a few other patrons.  A staffer finally saw us but before I was even able to say anything the girl on staff straight up said we "are not allowed in here" with what I will assume her authorizing tone.  I was extremely taken aback by how I was greeted.  The waitress just kept on telling me how this place is 21 OVER ONLY.  So apparently she thought we were all underage.  Okay, fine that you think we look young, thank you. However, this is NOT how you are to approach a patron even if they ARE underage. She also added in a lot of hand jesters and body movement to be along with what she is rambling about.  Sorry, but I've got the indication she was also racial profiling us as if we did not understand the English language.  I have to wait until she was done with her rambling because I can't even cut in just to tell her that we are all over 21.  So after we clarified that we are of legal age she didn't even asked to see our ID.  What if I actually lied? Then she just allowed minors to gamble and order alcohol.

The food/drink experience --- Drinks are the fun part.  After we bypass the initial checkpoint we sat by the couch area but still confused if this is an "order your food and sit down" or table service, another thing I didn't get to ask when we were busy saying we are over 21.  The waitress came with the menu but  seemed a bit too zealous where I felt rushed to decide on my drink.  I do not know if she felt bad on how she was earlier or she want us in and out of that place but definitely did not help the mindset on this place.   After the waitress took our drink orders, two of us got up to check out what pastries they have.  (This part may just be a bit odd) After I ordered they told me that they only have 1 paper bag left to hold my pastries and asked if she can put both in one. It's fine with me since it's one order. However, my friend who was behind me order a pastry separately and actually got a paper bag when it supposedly have ran out a minute ago, wait, did she just lied to me???  She also moved very slow, I seriously have never seen someone taking so long to get a cookie and a muffin. I could've chopped down a tree and processed it to paper bags within that time. 

(This part is a peeve) I don't think I have ever been at a place that when we order drinks, let alone alcoholic drinks, they do not place a napkin acting as a coaster and then the drink. Isn't this basic 101 knowledge?  So I had to go and ask for napkins only to find our waitress, sitting down and smoking on the clock.  Is that even allowed?  If it is allowed in the state of NV then I apologize and at least it solved the smokey scent issue here.  Sometimes I forget that places aside from casinos also allowed smoking inside.

Anyway, I can only speak for 2 of this drinks since I didn't try the others.

Chai Martini with Soymilk - This drink is not on the menu, it was a recommendation. Apparently the chai martini now requires no mixing. Top layer is chai tea/alcohol and bottom layer is the soy milk.  you can distinctively see the separation.  It would be nice that I can mix it up myself but oh wait, nothing to stir with.  The chai taste is not bad but I definitely will not say it's the best chai martini I've ever had.  This one is good if you do not like alcohol but want to drink out of martini glass.

Tangerine smoothie - This should apologize to all smoothies.  It felt really refreshing when you are first drinking it but the aftertaste is the sugary burn similar to the ones you get when you drink a slurpy or icee.
 
Redeemable point (+1 star): The muffin and cookie I ordered was not that bad and one of my friend thought her drink was okay.  

Overall, I will never set foot in this place again since they don't seem to care about returning customers.   I hoped that this could've been a nice change from other coffee houses and potential lunch spot in the future. Oh well, on to another place.
The food selection is limited but the overall drinks and coffee selection was pretty stocked, The place has the potential to be fun and hip But because of its location and the fact that it's not very well marketed I think it won't be doing that great right off the bat... the happy hour looks good
I hope to become a regular! We came here for breakfast at about 10 a.m. on Sunday and it was empty! LOVE IT! The two people that were there were really friendly and personable. I got the bacon egg and cheese on a croissant ($3) and a dirty chai tea latte ($4.00 and better tasting than starbucks!) and I was satisfied with everything! Cannot wait to go back for Wine Wednesdays where they have half off bottles! Also, love that they have alcoholic coffee choices! :D
I drive by this place on my way to work every morning and finally got a chance to stop in today. I ordered a large black iced coffee and a turkey/provolone wrap. The coffee is nothing special, but the wrap - as simple as it was, was delicious. They make it with some kind of spicy (very spicy) sauce similar to a chipotle sauce. The space itself is very open and comfortable. I will definitely be returning.
Love! Food is yummy! The service is the best! The GM Jason Best is the best!!! He served us all night , he thought of all the little things like even an extra plate of chips to much on after or meal while we drank.  He made sure our shots of jäger was perfectly chilled. The best part I broke my shoe on a chair in the bar and he personally went and bought  super glue at the 7-11 next door so I could glue it back! That's great service! We will be loyal customers forever !!!
Great place!  Calm relaxing great service and food was good!  Definitely will return!
I was dying for a delicious, heavy, not healthy for you, pastry after dinner and decided to finally give The Lodge Coffee House & Tavern a shot.  The chocolate brownie was di-vine, especially when served warm.  The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere was very nice.  Now I'm looking forward to trying the food and drinks here.
Courteous service.  Mellow atmosphere.  Friendly staff.  Great food.  Easy location.  Well done.
Definitely enjoyed going there to catch up with a friend. The cashier had awesome suggestions and was very helpful. I didn't get an alcoholic beverage but I'm pretty sold on the iced vanilla vodka latte! 

My dirty chai was perfect by the way!
The gf and I are still trying to find our " go-to" places near our house.  As much as we are willing to drive hours for a good meal, there's something to be said when you can find 4-5 places in the neighborhood worthy of frequenting.  To date, our search has been disappointing.  Not even sure the specific cuisine needed for our rotation but I guess it would be:

1.  Breakfast spot
2. Pizza place
3.  AYCE Sushi
4. Lunch/Bistro place ( weekends ) 
5. bar/grill

In that i'm free during the weekdays, I also focus on bakeries, sandwich places, Mexican/taco and Chinese.

This past weekend, she was hankering for a coffee ( a definite priority for her, but not a " we" place ) and I was wanting a beer.  Strangely, she also wanted to play a little video poker.  The combination made me think about the Lodge - we've been meaning to go even though it is a replacement to one of my old fav Italian places ( JR's - great meatballs !!! ) 

The lodge is a neat little place - for some it may be a combination of too many things - you have a video poker bar which is kinda hybrid Dotty's and the " normal" poker bar - some of the machines are individual, spread out, so kinda private, then several built into the bar for easier socializing.  They have a loungy sitting area with chairs, a couch and a TV.  I thought it a little strange they didn't have a TV over the bar area.

The gf orders some foo-foo coffee drink, I sit at the bar and order a firestone IPA.  We proceed to put $20 each into neighboring machines - in about 10 minutes, she hits 4-of-a-kind aces, twice !  She decides to also order a Panini - ham and cheese with garlic mayo;  comes with a side of potato chips.

Sammie was tasty, the beer tasty and the gf liked the coffee - we especially liked her walking away with $600 AND they comped everything so sorry, no idea about the prices.

Even with the win, not sure this will make the grade for our local bar/grill - it's a neat place but I prefer a place that has a decent selection of cold beer, a large number of TV's and above average bar food ( homemade potato chips is a major plus ) - we have a few more places to try in the neighborhood.  

The search continues !



pics added
I went here for a meeting the other day and was very impressed with the look of this place!  I love the whiskey barrels and raw wood effects throughout the restaurant.  The decor is fun and feels exactly what you would expect a modern lodge to look like.  I honestly always thought this place was just a smokey casino that served coffee and bagels, but was pleasantly surprised that it didn't smell at all like smoke.  I think the coffee over powers the smell of the smoke.  

Like most coffee shops the chairs were super uncomfortable, which should be expected as they don't want you to get too comfy and stay the day.  Their coffee was great though and the service was awesome.  The girls behind the counter get really busy with all of the morning business that comes through here, and they are chipper and upbeat while fulfilling all of the orders that are coming in.  

I saw several different types of people come through which is interesting.  Everyone from the business man and business woman on their way to the office, to young people looking like they haven't yet been home.  The patio is a nice place to have coffee and enjoy fresh air + the weather.  

I like the Lodge Coffee House & Tavern.  I will definitely be back when I need a break from the office and a good cup of coffee.  :)
Went through the drive through before work just to try it out. It took a little longer than expected I think due to an issue with the order in front of me, but the girl was so nice when I got to the window and gave me my order for free due to the wait. My iced chai was delicious and I'll be back (:
I have been going to The Lodge several months now since it is not only conveniently located in relation to where I live, but the coffee is great and so are the servers!

It makes me sick to spend $10 every time I make a trip to Starbucks, where the coffee is mediocre. I would much rather frequent this place--a true coffee house with a cool atmosphere and decent prices! To top it all off, as an added bonus, there is a full bar in case you want an adult beverage with your espresso. :-)
They supposedly offer almond milk for their lattes but NEVER have almond milk! I have tried twice now, won't be trying again.
Visited this new Coffee House/Tavern w/ a girlfriend after work yesterday, and I was impressed.  

Pros: Friendly and attentive Staff, 1/2 price wine for the month of October, comfortable, clean, indoor & outdoor seating.

Cons: It wasn't very busy, so I hope they stay open!

We were there from 5pm-9:30pm on a Wednesday - we enjoyed two bottles of 1/2 price Cabernet and a Caprese Panini.  As stated above, it is very comfortable (we sat both inside & outside).  The bottles of Josh Cabernet were $14 ($28 reg price) and the panini was around $9 (delicious!).

I'll definitely be back!  Any place that offers decent food and cheap good wine is a must on my list!
My husband and I were out with friends and we were looking for some place to sit and chat after dinner. We were all in the mood for something different: coffee, beer, cup of tea, etc. One of our friends we were with suggested this place, and I'm so glad we stopped in. 

My initial thought was that it was kinda weird. It was like Starbucks and a bar collided. But after being there for just a few minutes it grew on me. The general manager was SO nice (I believe his name was Jason) and the coffee was fantastic. (They get their coffee beans come from the Colorado River Roasting Co... Super delish).

We will definitely be trying this place again! Great atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty beverages. I want to stop in for breakfast next time.
I wasn't sure what to expect when we walked in... But you get the feeling of a coffee house and bar all in one, it's the best discovery of 2013 for this gal!

How we found this place, well, after our unforgettable experience of an afternoon full of Irish Whiskeys in San Francisco last summer, we've been on the lookout for something locally to feed the craving. And here we are, it's not exactly what we were looking for but it's one of the better ones in town-- thus far.

The service is phenomenal and the staff is just amazing. It wasn't the typical "Do you need anything, ok, bye" they genuinely care, want to converse and make sure you are taken care of even if they aren't your server.

They do have WiFi, gaming and smokers... Just so ya know ;)
This place is great. They were very friendly, made me awesome drinks & great food. I ate the ham and cheese panini and it was excellent. Can't go wrong here...
This is the new style of cafes in Las Vegas, which combines coffee shop, bar and gaming all together, available 24 hours a day. 

I've been here twice and only for coffee and a breakfast sandwich. 

Drinks: 
The cappuccino is strong and good.  

Soy chai - The chai was not overly sweet and all seemed well with this drink until I found that soy milk was chunky.  It wasn't rancid, rather it was the last bits of stuff in the soy carton. 

Breakfast Egg Muffin - I liked this because they use real eggs instead of liquid eggs. The first one I tried it had cheese in it, but the second time, it didn't. 

Overall, I think they are still working out the kinks for consistency but I like the vibe and would definitely come back.
The Panini's are great and the brewed teas are very cheap. Less of a bar vibe more of a coffee house. Staff is very attentive. Great place for those who want a nice place to meet up to study or for those who wish to relax and have drink while playing video poker after a long double shift. BTW Mariana the Barista is awesome, I come back because of how friendly she is.
The fish here is always good. I recommend asking for it well done. Smoke is the only negative. Nice staff. Fun to sit at the bar, just the smoke makes it not good sometimes. It would be great if the smokers used those vapor smokes in public eating places.
A bar that's a coffee bar that has a drive through!!!! Awesome.
Coffee tastes great and fresh.....and sandwiches are good as well....will def stop by again.
Also staff is nice and freindly!
The ambiance and quality is leagues better than the storefront view implies. No great variety of food, but what we ordered was well-made and well-presented alongside solid coffee drinks.
Everything about this place is nice except for the service. When it first opened everyone was very friendly but in the past month the staff just seems annoyed that someone would come in to order something to drink. More often than not there is a 5 to 10 minute wait at the register for someone to even make their way over to ask what you need. Even the drive through can be a bumpy experience, maybe it is the headsets being used inside but the staff always seem to cut me off before completing a single part of my order just to tell me they didn't understand the order. Of course you couldn't understand that I wanted an ice vanilla latte, you cut me off at ice vanil... Overall there is just a vibe of "great! Customers, that's all I need right now" to this place lately. 

As I said earlier everything served here food wise and coffee wise is great if you can find a way to get your order in. The wraps are made fresh and you it makes a big difference. The Turkey Provolone wrap in particular is great. I can give this coffee shop a few more chances but I'm pretty close to sticking with a coffee shop like Madhouse where the staff aren't quite so hit or miss.
So, I've been back a few times since my last review and this remains my favorite after work drinks place.  Just last night I was there and the girls behind the counter were so attentive!  I hadn't been in, in at least a month and the one girl (I'm terrible w/ names) even remembered the type of wine I like!  I brought a friend who had never been before - and they made her a new conconction off the menu because she said she wanted a PB martini.  They mixed one up w/ PB & Chocolate and it was FANTASTIC!
First, I want to agree with James W.'s review (1/12/14). The place is unique and was friendly and welcoming initially when it opened. The coffee is pretty good and the options are nice. I'm sorry I don't know everyone's names but the best staff consisted of Rosa & Becky (of  whom only 1 exists). There is another girl (possibly a supervisor?) she is also helpful and nice like the two aforementioned. Now, I hate to name names but there is a young lady there that is pretty cold, rude and she will belittle you and make you feel like an idiot. I believe her name begins with an "L" (i.e. Lisa, Liz, Liza). Because I did not know that Elvis Presley's favorite food was a peanut butter & banana sandwich and that I didn't realize it was his birthday on the one morning I was visiting, she was quick to say something like "everyone knows that" in condescending tone. It's funny because if she's one of two persons working, she will be quick to walk in the back room generally when I come in. I don't know if it's because she doesn't want to provide service to me or if she does that to everyone. It is absolutely unprofessional! I used to visit regularly but much of it was because of the original staff who made it a fun visit and I do enjoy the coffee and hot tea. Besides the issue with the staff and the person I just mentioned, the prices have increased quite a bit and it cost me nearly $7 for a bagel with cream cheese and a tea with some soy and vanilla. If I wanted to pay Starbucks prices, I would just go to Starbucks! In fact and although I don't really care for Starbucks pastries, I think Starbucks has better pastries/cakes! I love the casual but modern "woodsy" ambiance which is unique in this city, but I cannot see really going here much anymore even though it is in my direct run between home and work. But so is McDonald's and I can get a breakfast sandwich and coffee for just around $5. Sometimes I wish things could go back to the way they were when they first opened aside from everyone taking a long time to prepare things and putting the tea bags in ashtrays - yes I did say ashtray's because that's what someone did because they had nothing to display them in! Luckily someone realized how disgusting that was! And they were not even brand new ashtrays because there were burn marks in some of them. There is a breakfast sandwich which I think one of the girls may have made up with possibly a sourdough bread, egg, cheese, spinach, tomato and a chipotle-mayo dressing perhaps? This was really good but I'm not sure they can still make it and if it is/was on the menu. I haven't been there in a few weeks now but it would have been breaking the bank if I was going everyday like I was going in the beginning when they were running a lot of morning specials which helped keep my spending down and felt I could treat myself. My hope is that management does read these and that they make some changes. If they do and I can tell they are positive changes, I may return more frequently. Til then, I probably won't be back much at all!
I stopped by here for a quick lunch recently at about 2:00 in the afternoon. The woodsy and metal decor made for a comfortable and modern vibe. I ordered a wrap and an iced white mocha from the counter and took a seat near a window -- plenty of natural light for this room, which was a plus.

All the sandwiches, salads and wraps are hand made after they're ordered and it makes a difference. My special wrap was a kind of augmented chef's salad that was crisp, fresh and tasty. And my iced white mocha was exceptional.

Great service with friendly folks behind the counter and serving.
Very underwhelming. We went through the drive thru since we had our animals with us. We ordered 2 drinks. A large iced dirty chai and a medium dirty chai. When he brought our coffees to the window the iced chai was definitely a medium. We asked if this was their large and he assured us it was. The drink was still warm on the bottom and melted the ice VERY quick. So it ended up being a luke warm chai. We went back to the ordering board to check sizes and there was a 20oz size drink which is what we paid for. The drink wasn't very good though for me to want to go get a larger size. Looking in the window the place looked super awesome inside. Wish the service and quality of the drink were good enough to want to return.
The spark plugs here are perfect and the price is too reasonable you'll find yourself ordering 7 more.
I had the dirty chai and I hate to say this but it ruined other chai I'll have in my life. Good choice if music. Totally my style of place. I stopped by on my way to the airport so I'll have come by again with friends and try their specialty coffees further some with a little more lol than I needed at 9 am :-p
Good food, great coffee. The service sucks. Unfriendly and unhelpful at the counter and how long does a spinach salad take to make?
I went in to gamble. Had an okay time. Joined their members club. Came back the next day to use a $10 match play that you get when you join, but have to wait till the next day to use. Was okay even though the keno denom winnings are ridiculously low. If I hit 5 out of 5 anywhere else for what I bet I'd win $160. If I win it there w/5 out of 5 for what I bet it's like $20. Freakin stupid. And then I'm done gambling and the lady says"sir, you have to pay your tab". 
WHAT!!! 
Freakin WHAT!!!!! 
So pissed...
They charged me for my drink. 
Are you freakin kidding me. 
Oh okay I'll pay. How much is it? 
$6.50. 
Gee whizz that's expensive. I just lost my $25 and now you want more from me. 
That place can go **** themselves. 
I'm livid. 
I go in to gamble anywhere else and drinks are free as long as I gamble. There. Apparently, not so much. 
Do I recommend that place. 
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice decor!  Staff was friendly!  Went for a late night cocktail and was greeted promptly.  I ordered a glass of Riesling only to find out that the they were out of that particular brand.  However, the bartender was nice enough to offer me a more expensive Riesling at the same price as the one that I ordered!  Didn't order any food, but overall it was a nice low-key place for a nightcap!  They also have free wifi.
I actually used to like coming in here...until today. My co-worker and I went in to pick up food we had called in and ordered. When we got there I asked the guy if we could split our tab. Apparently this was an issue, since they had already rang everything up together. The guy seemed very upset and told us that if that was the case we were gonna have to wait for him to figure it out. I asked him if he wanted to know what was being split up-? with a grumpy look on his face said- "not now- i told you to wait" we waited and our food sat in a corner...waited some more...food...still sitting..still waiting.

Finally, asked the guy if he was going to ring us up- AFTER A DEEP SIGH- rang us up- telling me he would split the orders- took my card and rang up $36+ on my card. He banged on his register and said "g-d**n it" By then I'd had enough of his bad day. Let him know it wasnt a problem, keep it all on my card- no worries-I just wanted outta there. My co-worker then asked if she could order iced teas and again with that grumpy face was like "didnt you get those already" He stomped back to the iced-tea station. Sorry we want to give you more of our money despite your attitude.

This guy makes me never want to go back- he was so horrible to us! I can only imagine how he treats his employees. Which by the way looked overwhelmed in the kitchen, while he's just standing around, arms crossed.

My boss was the unlucky recipient of one of the wraps we ordered and he came out of his office and said it was the most disgusting wrap ever- scorching mayonnaise-y mess- chipotle sauce and basically bologna made to look like fresh turkey. old iceberg lettuce. SHAME ON YOU!!!

Also, a group of my co-workers were outside having lunch and came back into the office late---apparently they waited a good 30 minutes to get their old lettuce bologna wraps. Nice.

To the owners- download the epi-curious app- its free- and more importantly HIRE more people so that your grumpy register guy (white-baldspot w/ glasses) can just sit around and do nothing all day so that he is in a better mood when paying customers come in to your place.

never going back again- will send an office email to staff of 30 sharing the link to my review.
Not sure what is going on at this place, but it is a disaster.  Two work colleagues and I went in for lunch today.  There were two people at a table and two people at the bar.  Nobody else in there.  This should have tipped me off, but unfortunately it didn't.  It took them 5 minutes or so to take our orders at the counter.  For some reason, rather than running my card and handing me the receipt, the employee insisted on putting my card and both receipts in the booklet and then handing it to me for me to stand there and sign and hand it back to him. So weird.

Anyway, we waited for about 25 minutes before two of us got our food.  The third plate came out about 8 minutes later.  We all ordered the exact same thing: turkey wrap.

The turkey wrap was a disaster.  It was basically a low-quality tortilla with chopped lettuce, and chopped provolone in the middle.  There were 2 slices of low-quality deli turkey rolled up in the tortilla.  The one decent part was the sauce - it was a little spicy and made the food almost edible.  I am convinced that turkey was purchased from the Oscar Meyer part of the grocery store, along with the cheese.  

I have no idea why this place has any good reviews, unless they are strictly reviewing coffee or drinks (which none of us had).  Just terrible - do not waste your time or money.
Interesting concept.  The coffee and food menu are pretty standard.  Got a warm mocha latte and a ham panini.  Both were mediocre in quality.  They have alcoholic coffee drinks, so that's neat.  There were people working on laptops, as well as a dude smoking a cigar and playing a slot.  Like I said, interesting concept.  

I would say this is more of a tavern than a coffee house because the coffee menu was pretty limited.  I wouldn't plan to do any extensive studying here but assignments and more thoughtless things of the like would be more appropriate.   It's really spacious inside and they have a drive through.

One last thing, they played country music the whole time.
Very nice once you're inside, but getting people in seems to be the problem.  Coffee house AND a bar? When people don't know what something is they are less likely to give it a chance.  Very nice and modern decor! Gaming seems very good in here also.  The staff is friendly and accommodating but food seems to take a little too long especially for the simple menu they have.  Very nice outdoor seating but with soft mellow music it screams "come in and do your homework".  This bar has serious potential
Stopped by with a friend for a cold beer after a late afternoon meeting. They didn't have Blue Moon, so I tried a citrusy, French brew which was surprisingly good. They have a few Happy Hour deals-- tap beer, wine and well cocktails were all on special. 

The bartender was friendly but didn't engage in much conversation. There was only one other group of people at the restaurant. They had a few food items on the table-- all of which looked pretty tasty and, by the time I left, they were GONE so I'm assuming the food is good! I'll have to come back and try for myself!
This place is great.  Love coming here just to kick back.  Bartenders are nice and friendly and they have a few more games than just poker and keno.  Coffee is good and the breakfast sandwich I had was tasty.  I'll definately keep coming back.
Good place to stop in and get some work done. Free WiFi that was much faster than other coffee shops. Comfy chairs and decent food.
Delicious! :) Came here for lunch during the World Cup. Very chill and very nice employees. The paninis are great!
I really wanted to give 5 stars because my bartender Chris with the Spider-Man tattoos was so good BUT your food options suck. While gambling and drinking at a bar who really craves a panini or wrap? I don't ever recall racing thru a tropical smoothie cafe at the end of a night of drinking screaming "I want a healthy chicken wrap!!!" No people want wings, fingers, sliders & fries. It's such a shame these options aren't available. Would it be totally tacky to drink here and bring in a hotdog from 7/11? Because that's what we were about to do. Your bartenders rock, your place is beautiful, so please add a more appetizing menu so this place can be our go to spot.
Delicious! :) Came here for lunch during the World Cup. Very chill and very nice employees. The paninis are great!
I stayed at the Royal Palms for a few days and loved the bar.  I stumbled on it when I was waiting for my room.  The servers were excellent, the bar tenders were friendly and engaging.   I went their all three nights of my visit and had friends join me.
Subtle changes to the old bar area.  The bartender made me a custom cocktail with Bulleit rye bourbon and AZ Bitters Lab Figgy Pudding and it was very good.
Relaxing place to unwind and have a nice glass of wine or an expertly made cocktail!  We stopped in during happy hour and enjoyed their house white and red wine for $5...it was surprisingly good!  We also shared an order of the smoked potato croquettes.  They were delicious and very flavorful.  

Great atmosphere, great wine and cocktails and good service too!
Come here for the Atmosphere and the outstanding service. The food unfortunately left us all kinda flat. The chef here needs to work more with flavors.

If you came back when T-cooks had another chef things have definitely changed. That amazing Paella is also gone. Although we only at the the Mix Up bar and not T-Cooks, we looked at the menu. Didn't do much for us.

We had the Burger, Pannini and Lobster Corn Dog. The corndog was by far the best thing. The burger was much too lacking in flavor considering how messy it was. The Pannini was dry and you can get better at any Paradise Bakery.

My prediction is this chef lasts 1 year.
Went here for a date night. Very pretty outdoor space. Unfortunately we waited 10-15 minutes for everything. To begin, I went in and asked if we could seat ourselves outside and was told "yes." We waited easily 10 minutes before the same gal came out and claimed she didn't see us sitting there (weird). We ordered cocktails (10 min wait). Ordered waters (10 min wait). The worst was when we ordered food and an expediter brought it out, but the crackers that came with the salmon tartare were covered in fennel which completely overpowered the meal. We had to flag down another waitress to ask for some bread to replace the crackers, and again, we waited 10-15 mins (for bread!). By the time I got my bread to eat my dish with, my husband had already finished his meal. For such a nice resort, I did not care for the service at all. I would go back because of great ambience and location-but don't be in a hurry!
Great place to spend a little down time with friends while you wait for your dinner reservation. Relaxed atmosphere, great service and Happy Hour.  Drinks were good, small bites of food were just enough to tide us over 'til dinner. Would I come back here? You bet I would! How about later today? Meet me there?
Went to The Mix-Up last week for drinks and appetizers and it was very nice. Quiet and great ambiance. I ordered a Bourbon Drink which I had never had and I didnt very much like it and very graciously said he could make me another drink. I got a French 75, my favorite drink, and it was mae perfectly. Id never had it made that well so i had asked how he made it. Very very kind bartender and staff. Beautiful area. Im heading there tonight to their $8 burgers and drinks.
So I went there again on their Burger and Bourbon Night. The burger was so freaken good, it had a perfect blend of mild spices, and topped with a melted smoked mozzarella. The fries were great, a White Truffle Oil with a Garlic Lemon Aioli. And the drinks are perfect. I always get a French 75 and the bartender makes it very well. Charlie, the bartender/ server is extremely nice and very much a mans man, and very handsome! Men would enjoy the surroundings and the drinks. Great for business and hanging out. Women would love it for Charlie, Women Wednesdays and the great foods.
*Happy Hour Review*

Three words: Duck Confit Poutine - rich, delicious, large portion. The name says it all - and my pictures do not do it any justice!

Three more words: Lobster Corn Dogs - small plate with only 3 pieces - but incredibly well prepared, delicious and hey - lobster for $5.00!?!

Three more words: Half price bourbon! Two incredibly well crafted and incredibly generous Manhattans later, I was feeling no pain!

One of the best parts of PHX is the under-appreciated happy hour deals at some of our best resorts. Especially this time of year - there are great values to be had, at incredible prices!

Here's the Mix Up current specials menu:
Daily - happy hour 4-7; $5.00 cocktails, beer, wine and lite bites.
Tuesdays - Pizza & Punch $5 flatbreads, $6 signature punch cocktail of the day: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.
Women & Whiskey Wednesdays - 1/2 price ladies bourbon night: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.
Bourbon & Burgers Thursdays - $8 burger, 1/2 price bourbons: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.

.Can't wait to go back!
I used to come here to watch some reggae music a while back and I came here on a Saturday night and this lounge got a complete makeover; I didn't even recognize the place. The photos on here doesn't do the interior any justice. Large red velvet couches, big chandeliers. Service and food was excellent. Wish I got the name of our server, she was a doll. I would reccomend the fried mash potato bites for an appetizer! Live music topped of the night. Will be coming back.
I have been here twice for lunch and so far, so good Elixir.  The food was good and the service was even better.   Thank you Amy!!  We will have to give it a try at night . . specially on the weekend when they have live acoustic music.  The atmosphere is great and I look forward to you opening up the outdoor patio.
I really like this place, it's only been open 2 weeks as of now... So that being said they're doing a really good job! 

They use big glasses! Which make you feel like you're getting your money's worth.

Everyone is super nice, welcoming, and accommodating so hopefully that won't change!

Best of all a great dirty vodka martini!
This was the perfect place to relax, be with good people and be in a quiet, non-obnoxious atmosphere.  Delicious food, impeccable specialty drinks, good service and gorgeous decor.  They call it "a locals lounge" and they couldn't have described it better.  It's a beautifully, hip space, off the strip, live music on Friday/Saturday, video poker, tons of sports on and a reasonable tab at the end!

Can't wait to go back!!!!!
VEGETARIAN options in every food category! Awesome happy hour specials- (3-6 am and pm) where else can you get a glass of Stella for $3!!?!? Football specials during every NFL game! Phenomenal staff- super nice and friendly! Open 24 hours! And breakfast served 24/7! My new favorite hangout! Great gaming incentives!  You must go!!!
I came in here expecting a bit more then what I got but over all service made up for it just plan on taking a elevator to get in. They could use a more complex cocktail menu since the name of the lounge is Elixir.
I was very surprised by this place.  It was totally kicked back.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Both bartenders were very alert and super friendly.  They have this hourly bingo drawing for free play.  Surprisingly it paid out quite well for my wife and I.  The food was definitely way above my expectations as well.
Hubby & I have been here for breakfast & lunch. Omelets & home fries were great, as well as the Italian sandwich & fantastic sweet potato fries. Chelsea is a very upbeat & attentive server. Love the décor, music & comfortable booths. This will become a regular in our daily restaurant rotation.
My first time in this little spot and I was so pleased by the experience. The atmosphere is rich & fancy, but the ambiance is laid back. With a little bit of live guitar playing in the background, me and my girls were able to catch a small table in the dining area. The server was polite and took very good care of us. 

Their menu is full of variety from bar food to full delicious entrées. And the waitress mentioned that they have a chef 24/7 who prepares the food fresh daily. I only had a bowl of the French onion soup, but I found it to be delicious! And even had enough for left overs. My friend had a huge plate of nachos, which were good But certainly not the best I've had, one thing I like was that they made it with shredded chicken, que so fresco, & a freshly made guacamole. 

The bar/restaurant is open 24/7, HH is everyday between 3 to 6 AM & PM, and breakfast is served ALL day. Drinks and food not priced too high at all average $4-$9 drinks and food average $$8-13$ That's pretty awesome. Overall, I will definitely come here again. Only downside is there are no games, pool table, darts or other side entertainment- just flat screen TV's and video poker play.
I loved the place.  My wife and I have been looking for a date night spot and struck gold with this place....the food was great our waitress Chelsea was amazing...I recommend the meatballs 3 ways appetizer...if you haven't been please do so and support this newly opened business :)  I know I will
This place is great my husband and I just moved to the area and thought we would check it out. The food was awesome not you typical bar food ... atmosphere was very nice and our server Chelsea was great she was very friendly and informative.  We will definitely be going back.
We had been here when it was Daddy Macs. We decided to go here again on a whim. My wife had purchased a restaurant.com certificate, which always seems to motivate us to try a place. The place is nice the decor had not changed too much from the Daddy Mac days. The food and the service were wonderful. Amy was our server. Along with being very proactive, she had answers to any questions we had about the food and the lounge in general. Again, the food was great with large portions at a reasonable price. It appeared that most if not all of the food was prepared fresh. The dinners all come with a soup or salad starter. We will definitely be going back to this one soon. They are a gambling tavern so minors are not allowed here.
The inside is beautiful, very classy. Good drinks, music wasn't bad and the staff was very friendly. I haven't had the chance to order any food, but when the food is brought out for other people it always looks and smells phenomenal.
My wife, the coupon queen, picked up a Groupon (I think it was) for Elixir, and the coupon worked. We loved the atmosphere, especially the red chandeliers. Actually, I recall being surprised by the atmosphere, because the building outside and even the location did not prepare me for such a complete and abrupt shift in theme. The tables and seating is comfortable and seems to be well thought out. The food was good and there was enough on the menu to have me want to return to try more. This isn't too far from the Galaxy Luxury Theater (LOVE IT) and would make for a great evening of dinner and a movie.
I'm very picky, just ask my husband.  This place is so beautiful at first I felt uncomfortable wearing jeans, but,  that didn't last.  We went early so locals were coming in after work.  Our wait person was excellent ,the food was marvelous and plentiful.  Huge menu.  We will be back.
Great food, great prices
This place had potential so much potential ! And they droped the ball hard. I mean lets start with thier service I dont remember her name but she was amazing greatest service I've had in the valley hands down. However the food was anything but worth the visit . Baked brie sounds amazing but its not , a small pile of crackers and a few grapes from smiths and the rhind to go with your brie :/ , oh and lets not forget the sad sandwhich with cold meat and boring bread . Skip this place save yourself the pain
Best turkey burger in town. Excellent salmon. Service was very, very good. Excellent appetizer of baked Brie.
Just had the brie (appetizer), French onion soup, stroganoff, and banana fritters. 

Brie was slightly under cooked and I wish the caramelized onions had been served atop or in the side for a little more crunch and the water crackers was a bit of a let down. But the flavors were very nice. 

The French onion soup had an excellent broth and imo a bit too much cheese but overall very pleasant. 

The stroganoff's gravy was yummy. I wish it had been made with egg noodles (instead of a spaghetti noodle) and a few slices of the garlic bread to sop up the yumminess. 

For desert my amazing waitress suggested the banana fritters- loved 'em!!!! 

I will be returning to try their pork chops (another Chelsea recommendation) and the meatballs three ways appetizer. 

Ambiance- for a bar/casino/restaurant- the dark reds and blacks with candle lit tables are casual enough for a first date but formal enough for a great  modestly upscale meal.  

Overall, I would recommend Elixer lounge and suggest you bring your appetite.
A shi-shi sports bar with an appetizing menu executed in a very average manner.  

The current tenants of this space (previously Daddy Macs, and Blue Wave before that) have stuck with the existing deep red on black decor and subdued lighting. Very Victorian. It harkens back to the supper clubs of the olden days. I half expect to find gentlemen in top hats when I entered the door. Instead I only found a few mid-day drinkers playing video poker.  Being a sports bar, of course there are wide-screens all over the shop, which seem a bit anachronistic given that the place is swathed in late 19th-century red velvet drapery.

Interestingly, the owners have placed a few old-fashioned items on the menu, such as baked brie, which are juxtaposed with more modern tasters, such as the deep-fried mashed potato bites. The menu is fairly enticing.  Sadly the food falls short. It feels like everything here is made to sound impressive, but, looks and tastes like it was cooked at Wendy's. I would have assumed it was all fresh-made, but it all tastes to me like it originated in the freezer.

Today, I tried the Chicken Florentine Soup. It definitely came from a can.  No doubt about it. Then I got a California Turkey Burger.  The lettuce was limp, the avocado was almost non-existent, and the turkey patty was too salty.  However, there was a nice char on the patty, and I do love grill marks.

My main complaint is that this swanky restaurant has tremendous potential and no one here seems to know how to reach it.  The menu was promising. The descriptions of each item got me salivating.  Unfortunately, my dining experience turned out to be like a bad blind date:  your friend tells you how great this hamburger is, and then you finally meet it... and it is nothing compared to the burger you tasted in your dreams.

My advice to Elixir: if you're going to do gourmet pub food, actually do gourmet pub food.  It's just not right to titillate a person's tongue without bringing the taste buds to climax; wink, wink.
I love the ambiance of Elixir. It's where old Vegas meets new Vegas. It's hidden, so that's difficult for people who aren't familiar to find. Hey, more for me. Actually, it's in an old office building, you can see it from the road, however...it is off the beaten path. It's dark, black, and red. I love it. My servers have always been top notch. Midge, Tracey, and Chelsea seriously are the most nice and genuine waitresses I have met in a long time. Comfy chairs line the stage and if you get there early, you are always guaranteed a good seat. I have been there three times now and have brought people from out of town, as I love to claim Elixir as my cool hidden hideout. Drinks are reasonably priced and if you are lucky enough, hit up happy hour from 3pm to 6pm. The spinach dip is always my favorite. The portions are huge. My only compliant is that I wish the food was just a bit better. The ideas are awesome however the execution just isn't 100% yet. I've ajd appetizers, entrees, and desserts, and it's across the board. I overlook that for the drinks and service. Try the signature martini if you like a drink that will make your mouth pucker. The dirty martinis are fabulous. And they have a decent wine selection. So...maybe I'm partial. I am all in on this one. I hope they stay for a long time. It's everything I want in a bar. If you want to game, they have video poker at the bar and numerous flat screen TVs. The music is awesome with its eclectic selection. If you get the chance, check their website for when Patrick Genovese is there on a Friday or Saturday night. He is a phenomenal, and I mean knock your socks off, singer and guitar player. Mind blown. You can go in casual, but feel high class. It's worth it to check it out.
Elixir won me back over tonight. My husband and I had been getting food to go here a few times until we decided to go in one day and actually order food from the restaurant in person. I was impressed with the decor and the ambiance. However, I was very disappointed with the service. She was rude and she almost seem annoyed we were there bothering her. So I said I would never go back in again. From that point, I decided to continue to just call in my order because their food is good. I recommend the mashed potato bites as an appetizer. Unique and delicious. I get the California burger every time and its really good. My husband is the one who tries new things and tonight it was the beef stroganoff. He really liked it. He would prefer egg noodles on it and a bit more bread with it, but he still enjoyed it very much. He got a groupon, so that is why I agreed to go back in, watch the U of A game because they do have awesome and giant screens, but I was hesitant. Hesitant we would get the last server we got. Well, CHELSEA redeemed the last servers experience for me. She was a great server, attentive, sweet, and fast. When we go back in, I want her as our server because she's on top of it. Nothing like great customer service and great food, so for that reason I took time to write a review. We will be back.
I was invited to a meeting at the upstairs party room. The noise coming from downstairs was way too loud considering it was mid day. We were only separated from the downstairs by a heavy curtain. Also needs a paint job..lots of scuff marks and leftover tape or something on the walls.  Service was good. Food was just ok. I'd eat here again of someone invited me but it's definitely not my first choice.
Really good food, warm atmosphere, clean, and a great sever! Caprese sandwich and salmon with mushroom risotto were delicious with quality, tasty ingredients. Server was very knowledgable about beer and provided good service.
obviously anyone who rated this lower than three or said they dropped the ball is a metal defective. 
first: the place is decorated posh and over the top with the black and red, that is over the top good. from the red chandeliers to the black framed mirrors it screams amazing. the lighting is fantastic. the seating is comfortable.
second: the service is out the door the best i have ever had. the waitress not only got everything from drinks to appetizers to the meal right but did it all with out writing a thing down. i have been places where the waitress writes it down and still gets it wrong. she was super friendly and even joked with us. (we can be rowdy). 
third: the food was spectacular. i don't usually get appetizers but the ones we got were fantastic. stuffed mushrooms and mashed potato bites. the salad that came with the meal was plenty big, and it came with the meal, no if you want a salad its an extra 3 bucks like most places do now days. the portion sizes were good size and every thing tasted fantastic, not one complaint from a table of 5. i got the fish and chips and unlike most fish and chips where its all batter and no fish this was big chunks of fish lightly battered and tons of fries. 
this place is a little hidden but GPS it. it was one of the best places i have been in a long time. when your tired of the olive gardens and outbacks, this place is fresh, beautiful, and well worth it.
Very good food excellent service planning on coming back. Great place for both men and woman a feminine side with chandeliers and sports shows for the guysThey also have live music at 8 pm and go on Groupon for fantastic deals 20.00 dollars 2 entrée s and an appetizer. Easy parking. Our waitress Tracy was friendly competent knowledgeable knew how to use the Groupon deal
Checked out this place on a Monday night for the first time.  We used my Groupon deal (1 appetizer and 2 entrees) that expired the following day.  The menu had a decent selection.  Not as big as the sister bar (Remedys) but there was enough options.  

The decor is nice.  Red and black colors with velvet panels and curtains.  It definitely had a Frank Sinatra era feel.  Gorgeous red chandeliers and comfy plush chairs.  

Our waitress, Chelsea, was GREAT! She educated us on the daily events that happen at Elixir and guided us on the menu.  She paced out our food order perfectly so we had time to enjoy each dish. 

We ordered the chicken nachos. The marinated shredded chicken was delicious.  I like how they put the sour cream, guacamole and salsa on the side so it didn't make the chips soggy. They serve generous portions here for sure.  I has the t-bone pork chop and my husband has the seared beef medallions.  Both super delicious and the presentation was as if I was dining at a fancy restaurant on the strip! I was very surprised.  The side salad that came with the entree looked like an entree itself.  Big plate and the house salad was made of dark greens and not the typical romaine lettuce.  

We will definitely come back to check out the weekly poker tournament, the live entertainment on Fridays and Saturdays and definitely the food. 

The drinks.. I personally thought my vodka tonics were watered down.  My husbands Long Islands were ok.  So I changed it up and had Jack Honey on the rocks since they do not serve Patron.  Thus, my reason for the 4 stars. 

Great place overall and a much see!
Just an awesome all-around experience. Beautiful burgundy and black dining room, with thirty foot or so ceilings and gorgeous curtains and chandeliers - Elixir has an incredible ambience. The booth seating if extremely comfortable too. The food is not only very tasty, but well-presented, and severely underpriced. The French Onion soup is well worth the $1.50 upcharge, and I was pleasantly surprised by the Fish and Chips I was craving. My first time here, but if the rest of the servers are even half as personable and attentive as Chelsea was, you are in for being well taken care of. I can't wait to head back and try the rest of the menu items!
Wen we first pulled up we weren't sure about it. The location seemed to be a bit hidden and suspicious. However, it was amazing. The decor is excellent, they have poker on Tuesdays and live music on Friday and Saturday. Their food was excellent and super cheap (with appetizers, two meals, two alcoholic drinks, and an after dinner coffee our bill was 52.99). Our server, Amy, was fantastic. She had service that made us feel like we were in a fancy five star restaurant. Just the right mixture of business and casual. We loved it here and will return.
Our current favorite local bar. Love the red and black decor, I kind of feel like I'm in a scene of scarface. I love everything from the menus to the awesome bar staff. Shout out to my fave Tony! He always takes such great care of us. Food wise we've had the poached salmon salad (fave) chicken wings, chicken roulenade, and a few of the salads. All amazing. I highly suggest this bar to anyone in the area.
We came in for St Patricks Day and Corned Beef & Cabbage of course.  It is the best we have found in this town so far.  The corned beef is perfectly cooked, the cabbage is not watery & runny like a lot of places, the carrots are amazing and the potatoes have good seasoning.  I say this place is a winner with a great atmosphere and food.
I am never on this side of town but I just so happen to be yesterday. My friend and I got hungry so we searched for places on the yelp app. Found this one and decided to check it out. I read a couple reviews before coming and was determined to get the corned beef and cabbage (since it was at paddys day). The person that wrote the review said the cabbage was not overly soggy like most other places so I was hoping for that but was disappointed when my meal came out. Not only was the cabbage soggy, but so were the carrots and potatoes! I wasn't happy about this. They also had a $3 Irish car bomb or $3 pint of Guinness special going on the day so I ordered a Guinness. I was surprised when it came out... In a can, with a glass. Guinness is a pretty popular drink! Why do they not have this on tap? Would have been so much better but it was only $3. No big deal.

After finishing the meal and our drinks, I felt this place deserved around a 4-5 star rating. My view totally changed after getting the check. I handed our waitress my CC and she took off to close out the transaction. We kept waiting and waiting for her to come back. She was busy tending to a couple other tables around the restaurant so I figured we should keep waiting. 20 minutes went by and I still have yet to see my card or receipt come back so I could sign. We finally got their attention and as it turns out... They forgot!!!! How incredibly annoying. It wasn't even busy as there were only two other tables in the dining area.

Overall, this place is alright. The atmosphere is amazing. I loved all their decor. Totally looks like a fancy cocktail bar. Service could be a lot better!
Great neighborhood bar and restaurant. Food is excellent and reasonably priced. Staff is attentive and friendly. I definitely recommend the prime rib on Friday nights!  Good Happy Hour menu as well.
This is a great local place in Henderson. The food is amazing, they have great happy hour specials and they have fun events. The staff is really nice and helpful. The atmosphere is nothing like any other place in the area. It even has a little stage and they have live music on the weekends. What I like about this place the most is that you can go and have a drink and not be bombarded with gambling machines. They have machines, but if you want to go to another area without them and have a drink and listen to music, you can just sit in a comfy booth. I don't live far from this place and I go there all of the time because it is really the best place to go in Henderson.
Wow...just wow.  I have known of Elixir for about a year and hesitated to try it out for dinner because it was a "lounge".  Big mistake.  From the moment we walked in to the plush, nicely decorated and spacious environment, I had high hopes...and was not in the least disappointed.  Frankly, when I looked at the menu I was a bit worried that they were not charging enough for the food to be good...yes, the prices are that low.  I ordered the Salmon Risoto and my wife had a chicken dish, both of which were first rate deliciously awesome.  Top that off with one of the better salads I've had at any restaurant and you can count us as happy campers.

Although it certainly is a "lounge", as in bar, the tables and booths are plentiful and spacious.  There was live music being performed at the perfect volume.  I found the other clientele to be a cut above average, as was the wait staff - and by demonstration, the kitchen staff.

We were already plotting our return to Elixir half way through our visit and decided it would be a great place to come back to for dinner, drinks, hanging out, taking friends or for any reason at all.

In short, I loved Elixir and wish I'd tried it out sooner!
I can not say enough good things about this place. My fiance (Aww yeah! Just got engaged! Woohoo!) and I had the pleasure of attending a tasting event at Elixir and were were floored on how amazing this place is. 

Location: I'm rarely in this area when I visit, but because of Elixir- I am sure to come back (with all my friends). Pretty easy to find as well. No issues here!

Parking: Plentiful. No issues finding parking at all. 

Decor: Red and black. Very modern with a funky elegant feel. Chairs were comfortable, tables were plentiful, and they have large booths for bigger groups. The bar is located in the middle and to the left is a stage for live music. 

Service: Service was excellent. Our waitress was super cheerful and very personable. Also, we were able to meet one of the owners and he was an absolute gem to have a conversation with.  Our water cups were never empty and we never felt like we were playing "hide and seek" with our waitress. 

Drinks: We had the Elixir signature drink and wow did it have a kick. I don't recall what is in it, exactly, all I know is that it has a redvine  as a garnish and it and was very delicious. 

Food: We had a range of food to try but the ones that stood out to us the most were the Australian lamb lollipop chops, the tri-colored five cheese tortellini, and the lasagna. Sauces were very tasty and fresh. The lamb was cooked perfectly and every bite was heavenly. Also, I was looking over their special event pricing and it was very affordable. Maybe we'll book our engagement party here. :) 

Dessert: We had their version of a tiramisu and I wish I had an extra serving. It had blueberries and was served in a glass. Yum! 


TL:DR: Try this place out. Strong drinks, good food, and great service. I'll be sure to tell all my friends!
Pretty sure this was the worst service I've ever experienced in Vegas. Ever. Did my dream of having the super power of invisibility come true? Because it sure felt like I was invisible the entire time I was here.

Upon sitting down, I was greeted within 5 mins. Ok. I was asked if I wanted a menu and I said yes. I received my beer and menu...and then boring. I sat there for over an hour. We finally got someone to come over after flagging them down. Not a good start.

And then our food order was poorly timed. And then we couldn't get anyone to close us out. I must have that power of invisibility. It's not like the bar was overly crowded. And the two bartenders seemed to hate each other. And they only liked to pay attention to the customers they knew (and those folks didn't get checks).

Here's a rundown of the food and drinks:
- Beer offerings are alright. Mostly crap beers with a couple of decent ones. 3 stars
- Whiskey Sour was impossibly weak. All ice and sour. 1 star 
- Chipotle chicken nachos were huge, but mostly all chips. Chicken had a decent flavor. Salsa was meh. Guac was good. 2.5 stars
- Wedge and steak salad was ok. Wedge salad part had ok enough flavors. Not much bacon on it. The steak was really fatty and incredibly bland. 2 stars 
- The stroganoff was the best dish. Meat was cheap and some of it fatty. But the flavors were good. And the pasta was cooked well. 3 stars

I really wanted to like this place. I'm close to it on a regular basis. But the service was so crappy. And the food just didn't overcome the crappy service. So while the decor and ambiance are nice, I won't be a regular. Maybe it's better if you sit at a table? Maybe it's better on a different night with different bartenders?
After reading great reviews, I decided to make reservations for 10 to celebrate a 30th birthday. I was completely disgusted with the service we received from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. 

As soon as we walked in the waitress who sat us was hanging over a table eating french fries from a customers plate. She rudely asked if we were the party of 10 and brought us to our seats. When it came time to order the food the waitress (wish I got her name) was so rude it was unbelievable!! She rolled her eyes and huffed and puffed because it was a little loud and confusing with our big group. I don't care how big and loud we are, you DO NOT roll your eyes and pout like a baby to your customers. While she was picking up the menus she dropped them and said "god damnit" right behind us!   When our food came out it was up to us to figure out where the plates needed to go and we were missing an entrée. When we finally waved down the waitress she stated "well I gave them the order there was just a lot of food" so we decided to cancel the plate. Five minute later she drops it in front of us and says well the chef made so I wanted to give you the option to eat it. 

That was the last straw, a member from our group found a manager and explained our complete disgust with our waitress. The manager claimed to be shocked and said she was her best waitress. If she is your best waitress then that might explain why your restaurant was dead on a Saturday night.  The manager did comp all of our drinks which was 71$ but still added the 18% gratuity and a service charge. I would have paid for my drinks instead of giving the waitress our money.  


The waitresses are so concerned with catering to the 5 older regulars then the new business that is coming in. The sad part is the food was decent and the music was enjoyable they have so much potential but will not have repeat customers with those waitresses. If it wasn't for having such a big party on a Saturday night, we would have walked out upon arriving. 

Decent food, good music, and the worst service I have ever experienced in Las Vegas! Wish they didn't have good food so I could give them 1 star.
I didn't know what to expect from Elixer.  Located in an odd corner of Henderson intermixed among apartments and a small office complex.  It seemed odd entering and having to take an elevator upstairs but it created an interesting mistique.  The staff was friendly and Teresa and Tony were very helpful learning the menu.  There was live music on Saturday on a small stage.  They have happy hour till 6 but I was late.  There is a nice selection of beers and well drinks.  I only ordered an appetizer, the mashed potato bites, which were heavenly.  I gambled a bit so my drinks were free (something I didn't know about bars because I never play at the bar).  I was up about 80 dollars but I felt terrible about it so I gambled until it was all gone.  All in all it was a nice few hours on a Saturday evening watching sports on the several TV's above the bar.  

THERE IS ALSO A POOL TABLE!!!!!!!! and poker tournaments on Tuesday Nights.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon with babe. 

Shes been here before but wanted to take me there for my first time. Its right by her work and said that they have really good food.

We ordered the chicken wings, stuffed mushrooms and fries.
Chicken wings were really good nice and crispy. We usually prefer the sauce on the side so the wings dont become soggy. The stuffed mushrooms omg really good, but i think i can make them better. lol. And fres you know fries are always a must. But the food was really good. 

Its really nice inside it reminds me of Burlesque the movie. Really intimate and sexy. Its kind of hard to find the place since its like in a corporate area but try this place. Its really good and the waitresses are really sweet.
I'll keep it short and sweet... great service, awesome food, and strong drinks!!! I will be back for sure
The food was pretty good - kinda fancy American style. 
I was really excited about the location because it's kinda on a hill with this huge patio upstairs. Unfortunately, they closed the patio and put curtains over all the windows! What?!!?? I would have loved to come here and sit in the patio, enjoying the view and weather with a drink. I guess they're more focused on the gaming. Too bad because what could be a cool neighborhood bar is now just a pts with a red interior. Oh and to top it all off, it's smoky as hell inside. Probably won't be back.
One of my friends started working at this place when it opened. I enjoyed it back then because it was nice to get out of the typical bar environment. Recently, they've added a nice red felted pool table to match the ambiance of the place (along with Golden Tee) and I'm a happier camper. The service staff are all very friendly and the food is pretty good too!
A Groupon took us there last weekend. It sounded kind of cool and chill. We arrived rather early on a Saturday night--probably before six. It was trendy-looking with black and red decor--a little modern gothic. However, at that time, it was brightly lit, sports games were playing on big monitors, and country music was blaring. Was it a sports bar or a chill-out lounge? Very strange. Closer to 7, the lights went down, and we saw a musician setting up, so perhaps later into the evening it looks like it the name suggests. 

I ordered the Elixir Margarita, which was probably one of the worst I've ever had. It tasted like straight lime juice. I like a little more sweet.  It was happy hour when I ordered it, so it wasn't very expensive. 

Our Groupon was for an appetizer and two entrees. We ordered the nachos. The up side was that it was a HUGE portion. This would have been perfect for a table of friends sharing some munchies over happy hour.  For two of us, it was a MEAL! It was not that great tasting, though. The meat was pretty flavorless, and the real cheese stuck it all together pretty fast. Kind of reminded me of when I make nachos at home. Eh. 

My husband ordered a steak, and it was cooked nicely, and it had a good flavor. 
I ordered Angel Hair Pasta, and it was fresh and had a nice flavor.  I only ate a few bites because of the nachos, and I took the rest home. The next night my family of 4 ate it for dinner. It was that big of a portion!

I'm ambivalent about going there again to eat.   Apparently they have live music in the evenings on the weekends, so if we're in the neighborhood, I think I'd like scope it out then.
I had one one the best old fashions I've had in a while. Street tacos were fantastic, great presentation as well. Service was good, cool atmosphere to relax and have a good drink with some good food. Would definitely recommend it, and would definitely go back again.
I absolutely love the interior design. I would take any friends here for a night out that is close to home but not the typical dive or gaming bar feel. This place feels snazzy. 
The us timer service is great. All of the hosts are interactive and make you feel comfortable but not overwhelmed. 
Thanks for a superb environment to relax and have a drink.
My cousins 30th bday dinner was Saturday night at Elixir...I had read multiple positive reviews and figured all would go off without any hitches....WRONG. 
From the second we walked in I was kind of put off...the hostess/waitress was sitting at a hi top table with a patron eating his french fries. She proceeded to seat us and treated us as though we had interrupted her effing meal. 
It only got worse. Now let me tell you, I am very much a go with the flow type of personality. I have learned not to expect too much because you will constantly end up disappointed. That being said, our server was not only incompetent, but, had a stank ass attitude to go along with her ineptitude. After we placed our orders she proceeded to clear the table of menus, as she was doing this she dropped the menus and loudly said "god d*** it!" Listen I'm no holy roller, but, that shite was uncalled for. 
The food was brought to our table in no particular order and we were given the task of sorting which meal went to which seat. I had ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich, which by now I'm sure you have guessed did not even show up with the rest of the food. So as our sourpuss server comes by again, I asked if my meal would be out shortly, to which she replied what did you order again? I told her I had ordered a  Philly cheesesteak and she in a irritated manner said "okay, I will let the kitchen know you want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich." She made it sound like I never ordered anything to eat in the first place. I sat there for a second and thought to myself "I don't want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich, I want the one that I ordered 20 minutes ago!"
In conclusion I want to be fair to this joint and let everyone know that the food I actually ate was pretty good,but, the service sucked gonads.
I first experienced a taste of Elixir at a Yelp Elite event.  The bountiful food served was so good that night that I vowed to be back.  And, even though the food choices appearing on the regular menu were totally different than what was offered buffet style to Yelpers a month earlier, they were still of 5-star quality.  Meatballs 3-Ways with Ricotta Cheese, herbs, and spices was a large and comforting appetizer that was served with Alfredo, Marinara, and an interesting Green Pepper Cream Sauce.  When requested grated Parmesan Cheese arrived, I liberally sprinkled what appeared to be fresh cheese onto the meatballs, and was quite pleased with the result.  Breaded Chicken Fingers were mild, well made, and also satisfying.

These fine apps were followed by an excellent cheesy French Onion Soup prepared with nicely caramelized Vidalia Onions and a well-deconstructed crouton in a Sherry Wine Beef Broth that was capped by a lid of melted Swiss Cheese.

An enormous entree of off-the-menu Beef Stroganoff was simply excellent, with abundant lengths of lean beef, an immense amount of flat noodles, and creamy, heart-warming Brown Sauce intermixed with sour cream.  What I took home was too big for lunch, so it served as another delicious dinner.

Beer Battered Fish & Chips included moist deep-fried cod and a tasty homemade Lemon Tartar Sauce accompanied by creamy Coleslaw.  

Our request to put our leftover food in the cooler while my party of four adjourned to play several hands of Nevada Poker League-sponsored Texas Hold 'em upstairs was graciously granted by our server Katie.  Hours later our food was cheerfully brought to us, and we left.  

But not for long!  I will surely be back for more onion soup and sumptuous stroganoff!
I love this place and there drink menu the atmosphere is very nice and the locals are welcoming. I will go again! Probably become a regular! Love bands on weekends!
I've been here a few times for early evening drinks. The ambiance of the place is great! Very swanky in red and black. The location is nice too, it seems an odd place for a lounge but I like it. I don't have to go to the strip or downtown to get that little bit of extra over your regular neighborhood bar. 

It's pretty mellow and quite enough to have a conversation, which is a rare find for a bar! But on my most recent visit last night (a Friday night) it was getting a little loud with a band setting up. Nevertheless the vibe is what sells me on this place. I'm heading there again tonight for a 1st date. Hopefully the Saturday night vibe doesn't kill the chill lounge vibe. 

Lastly, on the menu, this is why it only gets 3 stars. I haven't eaten much here but nibbled on a few fries, or the like, from others plates. I don't remember  finding much for vegetarian options. They seem limited to the pretzel bites, make your own pizza, or a veggie burger. They don't even have a vegetarian salad, how odd is that? It's a SALAD. You're supposed to be focusing on the veggies in that case. Pretty boring in my opinion. Asking for subtractions or substitutions is a pain but if your diet is other than avid carnivore you'll need to be that person here. Friends that are carnivores say the food is good though.
I went to BEI the first week it opened.  It was great.  The sushi was excellent and fresh.  The tempura and Korean pork was awesome.  And, I had my first "sojutini" .  The wait staff was attentive and the ambience was casual and warm.  I will be back.  Cannot wait to try the lunch specials.
Great happy hour until 10:00pm every night!  Amazing sushi specials and great service!
New to Scottsdale and have been looking for a go-to sushi place in south Scottsdale. Bei is now on top of the list. The food is delicious, the ambiance relaxed, and the service exceptional. If you're in the area, or just enjoy good asian cuisine, definitely give it a try. 

And a couple of recommendations: although I prefer a beer with my dinner, they also serve stellar soju cocktails (try the Aloe "soju-tini" - light and refreshing). The ASU roll also stood out - quality ingredients and skilled preparation. The people that run this place really seem to care.
I had the chance to enjoy their Happy Hour last Saturday. Since they just opened they were pretty empty, but I feel with the quality of food they serve that will not last for long.  We ate the spring rolls, salmon sushi, the Las Vegas Roll, and the assorted sashimi. The all the items we delicious and fresh. I was very impressed by the size of the roll and it wasn't overly cream cheesy. Cannot wait to come back to try more items.
So awesome I had to write my review while I was still here, letting the food settle to make room for more!

They've only been open for 2 weeks now, so they are still pretty empty (taking the old space of Lao Thai). Quiet-ish pop music plays in the background with a few tvs turned to sports (sound off). Owner (or manager?) says they are working to get karaoke set-up so that will be hilarious in the future. 

My "opening specials" were different than what is posted in yelp images, FYI. Regardless, I grabbed a $5 cab and ventured to the full menu for some yummy miso ($2) and the Blazing Alaska roll ($9). 

The wait staff were super friendly and attentive. 

I see myself becoming a regular here!
This place is simply fantastic.  The sushi is excellent, service is top notch, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for good food in the Scottsdale area.  

We had numerous items including nearly all of the sashimi, both of their signature rolls, and some sampling a of nigiri.  In addition, the staff allowed us a few samples of other things including a dessert rice pudding that is to die for.  

It's still early in the day, and what a great time to come in, no one is here so u get special attention!

Can't say enough good things about this little joint and if I'm back in Phoenix, it will be a stop.  Come in, have some sushi, and sit at the bar if u can, current bartender is a good conversationalist and pretty easy on the eyes.
Drove by this place and decided to stop in instead of going all the way to old town for sushi and we had a blast! The staff was awesome and the food was fantastic (although I've had better calamari). The atmosphere was very lively, there was a DJ too! I'll definitely be back.
This is a really good sushi restaurant in Scottsdale. Too many sushi joints in the area are overpriced. Bei is priced well and has great sushi options.  The service was friendly and timed well.  I will definitely return to try different rolls.
Great value for your buck!  I've enjoyed most of the sushi bars in Scottsdale. The Value of the sushi in Bei more than makes up for the slight lack in ambience.  The hapy hour opening prices are some of the best deals in Scottsdale.  $2.95 California roles to the $6.95 scallop role. I included some pics. Look no further if you are looking for good sushi for a great price in Scottsdale...
Best sushi and service in Old Town. So happy this place opened so close to us! We will be regulars for sure!
Great place for sushi! After living in Chicago for many years, it's been tough finding a good sushi place around here for take out. Glad to have this place near by. It's our go to for japanese take out.
My fist time here thanks to all the great Yelp reviews and you guys are the best!!! Great customer service and the food came out fast!!! Got the baked yellowtail collar appetizer and it opened up our palettes for their great sushi. Can't wait to come back again!
This place was delicious. The service was awesome. My husband and I had an aloe beitini and a Kirin. My tini was amazing. So refreshing! You couldn't taste the alcohol at all. We had the Bei special roll, a red dragon, and a volcano roll. They were all fabulous. We had our 11 month old daughter with us, and they were so attentive to her. They brought us miso soup and a small bowl of steamed rice, complementary. She loved it. Total, we spent just over $43 plus a tip. We will definitely be back and we can't wait have family come to visit so we can take them too
I absolutely love sushi places
So when I saw this one pop up
I was anxious to try it
After seeing the near perfect yelp reviews
I was super excited and was anxious to see what I would think of it
We went on a Friday evening and it wasn't very busy so it was good
Upon arrival the staff was super friendly
Greeting us as we walked in 
We were given a booth table to sit at and our server welcomed us
We were given water and two great menus
They have a ton of options for food and drinks
It was happy hour when we got there and we notice that the items were super cheap, so of course we hit that up
We got 
Two miso soup bowls
The fried Calamari 
One California roll
One tootsie roll
One shrimp tempura

The soup was nice and warm; it also had a lot of flavor
The calamari was the best that I had ever had... Usually restaurants give you little fried rings and stuff but BEI gives you big long 3-4 inch pieces that are really, really good
The sauce that comes with the calamari is great as well
Both of the sushi rolls were very yummy and very fresh
The rice on both rolls were sticky and the ingredients were good
The shrimp tempura was really good too

Our server was very attentive and knowledgable of the menu

This isn't much of a bad opinion/con but the inside of Bei is kind of drab and could use some better interior decorations
This didn't bug me at all since I know that it is a new place and I am sure once they get a bigger clientele and revenue that they will add some nice touches 
Just a hint that don't let the interior fool you, the food is great and the service is great

I will be back BEI
I travel to Scottsdale frequently for work and I've had some decent sushi in the area but nothing has come close to Bei sushi. It's definitely comparable to some of the best places that I've been to in NYC. 

I'm going to give it 5 stars because the food and drinks we're amazing. However, the managers we're too much. They asked me how my food was and I hadn't even had to time take a bite. I can tell they are concerned being a new restaurant but come guys... it makes you look desperate and it seems like people in Scottsdale simply aren't into that. By the time I had my 2nd piece of sushi 3 people had asked me if "everything was alright".  What's up with the yelling at everyone when they come in? Please stop. 

Not sure if I'll return again next time I visit just because I felt a tad uncomfortable but I'll definitely consider it. The sojo drinks we're amazing too. I had two different versions of their Soju cocktails. Aloe and Yogurt. I saw other drinks on their menu and I must say, as a new yorker even, they know what they are doing at the bar. The bartender was also really funny and recommended some fun things to do in the area.
We love sushi and are happy to have found such a cool spot close to home. Katrina was an awesome server and the food was great!
Not bad at all.  Sat in the general dining area.  Had some nigiri and tempura.  Chili edamame is great.  Tempura also great, not over-breaded.  Sushi was very good.  Service and attitude great.
Ok, I'll be the first to say I was underwhelmed by my experience at the new south Scottsdale sushi spot.

Our water tasted bad. Lemon or cucumber might have helped, not sure. 
Spicey Salmon salad looked and tasted funny to both of us. 
Our last sushi dish came 35 minutes after our first. That is way too long guys.      We had been finished for 15 minutes and, had asked for the check when it finally appeared. We took it to go but, they didn't include any soy in the box so, we dumped it. 
Sake was lukewarm. 

Service was nice and friendly (thanks Katrina) and the squid salad was good. 

If this was my only choice, I might try them again but, several high quality spots just 2 miles away.
our neighbors use to run Lao Thai, the restaurant that use to be here. they had one of the best asian fish dishes in the valley. Now this new place, BEI is here and i'm thinking "when did this happen"? 

i was VERY skeptical at first, especially when i saw so many yelp reviews with 5 stars, most from people with 1 friend/1 review or 66 friends/0 reviews. i appreciate elite reviewers for the most part and there weren't many. 

anyway, it was late and we didn't want a sit down dinner so i stopped by for a takeout order. the place was quite full on the wednesday before thanksgiving. the staff greeted me with open arms...very friendly. i was given a full menu and a sushi menu. the sushi menu is large and even has sashimi. i ordered a salmon and tuna sashimi. i thought both were very good...nice big cuts, fresh, and very smooth on the palate. 

also ordered a seafood udon soup dish. although the portion was large and overflowing with those delicious noodles, they were WAY skimpy on the seafood. one mussel, 2 shrimp, and about 5 baby scallops. for 10 bucks, i expected a bit more seafood because i know udon noodles are cheap. this brought the stars to 3 unfortunately.

the rest of their menu looked good and apparently they have a great happy hour. when we go for a sit down and try something else, maybe i too will be on of the multiple 5 star reviewers.
UPDATE: I absolutely LOVE this place and have to admit I feel a little down writing about the last 2 experiences I've had, considering how I've become a die-hard regular. In hopes that you will not go through the same experience, I am writing this more as a warning. My boyfriend and I walked in there on a Saturday evening, we were greeted right away, as usual, by the kind Asian man, who we believe is the owner. We sat at  our usual high-top table, and waited...waited... waited for about 7 minutes (very unusual) for our server to greet us and bring us menus. When we came over, we immediately realized it was the same waiter we had the last time we had a negative experience. With no enthusiasm he brought us menus and left. Didn't offer us a drink until the second time he came around. After he brought us our drinks he went about his runs, and forgot about us. Finally, he came back to our table and ASSUMED we wanted the sashimi combo and was about to run to put it in when we quickly told him we were trying new things. We put in an appetizer (Salmon Kama), and 4 other rolls. Everyone else brought us our food instead of our waiter. What ENRAGED me is that I saw him SMOKING OUT OF AN E-CIGARETTE PEN BY THE BAR!!!! Also, we NEVER got our appetizer. Apparently, the waiter never put it in seeing that the Asian man had to ask us what we ordered. When the Salmon Kama came out, it was DISGUSTING. My boyfriend said it tasted as if they microwaved leftover fish and put it on a plate with cabbage. I have to agree. Only the times we've gotten this server (whom I don't even know his name, Hispanic looking man, with lots of arm tattoos and spiky hair) have been the times we have had bad service, his tip showed how unsatisfied we were, I even wrote him a little comment. Hopefully this will make him fix his style of waitressing to prevent driving customers away.  Aside those incidents, the place is still AMAZING.



what separates BEI from the surrounding sushi restaurants is their fish. I am always searching for good-tasting sushi spots where you can actually distinguish the fish by taste not just by sight. their fish is excellent, and tastes super fresh. comparable to several upscale sushi restaurants in Miami. 

simply because of taste, I would choose this place over any of the chains in the Scottsdale area. their customer service is also impressive. everyone, including the owner, are extremely attentive and welcome you enthusiastically. they make sure to ask how your food tasted, and are open for suggestions. you can tell they're in the business because they love Japanese food and the art of sushi, not just to make money and turn it into a chain. 

the only thing "fishy" (no pun intended) is the area. its located in a shopping strip in south Scottsdale that looks a bit shady during the day, a reason why it took me a little longer to try the place out. I was a bit skeptical.

inside is a different story. its very clean, well-maintained and you can tell they put in some work to remodel the place.

their specials are amazing as well! they have a few of their specialty rolls as part of their specials and their portions are never skimped. you need to try the BLAZING ALASKA ROLL its definitely my favorite roll on their happy hour menu.

if you're a sushi enthusiast, you MUST try this place. I guarantee it becomes one of your favorites
Delicious! And great service! And affordable! And a great legitimately Japanese ambiance. All the rolls we had were delicious but the vegetarian sweet potato rolls were surprisingly amazingly good. Happy hour prices were great too. And the man greeting us bowed. Twice. So nice and so Japanese! Loved it.
This is one of my first reviews because I usually do not take the time and am skeptical about reviews. I am not what you would call a foodie but I appreciate good food and think I have good taste. I purchased a couple of things to go and was very, very impressed even though most food does not translate as well when ordered to go. I ordered the spicy crispy chicken entree and shrimp tempura and they were excellent. I am chomping at the bit to go eat in the dining room because if it was this good to go I can imagine it will be even better to eat in. I live very close to this restaurant and do not want to see it go away so please take my review with a grain of salt but give it a try and I will bet you will be impressed.
All I have to say is that I finally found my favorite sushi in town!!
Fresh fish, delicious!!!
Tried the happy hour on a Thursday and got there about 5:30.  The place was empty except for another couple that was already there.  

The place was nice and seemed cleaned.  As we were seated I realized how big the place was.  There is a alcohol bar near the front and the sushi bar near the rear.  

We ordered several rolls.  Actually ordered 2 too many as we had to take some leftovers to go.  The nigiri was good. We also liked the spicy tuna.  My wife liked the sweet potato roll which had no fish in it.  We liked the chili/garlic edamame and the aloe martini and recommend it.
My daughter wanted sushi for her 18th birthday so we decided to check out this new place just up the road.  We will be back!  Quick friendly service and a great happy hour menu but best was the excellent sushi!
(My Mobile Tip) Wow. These guys are seriously friendly! I have like 4 different menus to take back to work.  

I ordered the lunch special - Chicken Teriyaki Box - $7.25.  You get a lot of food for the price you pay!  

The chicken teri was not overly sweet or breaded.  The dumplings (goyza) or some may refer to this as potstickers, were steamed/pan fried.  J would have loved them.  I'm not really a big fan of potstickers.  The sauce was not the traditional scallion dipping sauce, but a soy citrus sauce.  Standard fare with the california roll and veg tempura.  I will say that the tempura was not greasy, which was a good thing.  And the house salad came with an awesome ginger dressing.  

When I got back to work and started eating at my desk, I had quite a few colleagues ask where I went and that it smelled fantastic.  I'll have to admit, I did "stink" up the area.  It smelled awesome!  

OH - I noticed that they have high chairs in their restaurant, so that tells me that the place is toddler friendly.  Which for a mom, that is very important.  Not always can you find a babysitter.  

I'm sure J, Little C, and I will stop by one evening for an early supper.  :)
I finally had an opportunity to stop in at Bei during happy hour on Monday, and I'm glad that I did.  I especially enjoyed my spicy tuna hand roll, and the spider roll was yummy too.  Service was fast and friendly, and my food came out promptly, and portions were large.  The items that I ordered from the happy hour menu were great values.  This is definately my new neighborhood sushi stop!
Ordered a Red Dragon (minus the Crab mix add additional Spicy Tuna) (Great - this one was my Favorite) and the Tuna Lovers (Good) - the fish was fresh and both rolls were very tasty! I'll be back!
Up until today, my experience with this sushi restaurant has been great. Their restaurant is clean, the food is good and it's a quiet little nook off of the fast paced streets of down town Scottsdale.  I liked the place so much I would make an effort to go at least once a week with my co-worker. Unfortunately I state "liked" in past tense due to a terrible customer experience with one of their wait staff today... 

Having eaten at the place 4 or 5 times, I was shocked to be confronted by my usual waiter for supposedly short changing her $3 on a bill from 3 weeks ago. 

Instead of explaining the situation, the woman accused me of purposely stiffing her on the bill and leaving shortly after so she had to pay the $3 out of her own pocket. Without giving me the opportunity to inquire further, she stormed off to the back of the room.  The weird part of this incident is that she was referencing a bill from 3 weeks prior to my current dining experience with them which means I had eaten there at least once or twice since the supposable "dine and ditch" situation had occurred. 

When another waiter - also her manager and the owner came by - instead of taking over where she left to ask us if there was an issue he acted like nothing had happened and asked for our order. Shocked at the outburst and accusation, we ordered without comment.  When she came by again I asked if she could provide a receipt - that way I could see the total amount paid and due as proof of short changing her. She responded that they were unable to pull up our previous bill; Though they admitted to serving me since then but didn't bring it up until now. 

WHAT??? AM I MISSING SOMETHING HERE???

Regardless, I took her word for it and I attempted to remedy the situation by pulling $5 out of my wallet and offering my condolences.   When I tried to give her the money she proceeded to get huffy and stomped off saying it was 3 weeks ago so it doesn't matter. 

IF IT DIDN'T MATTER, WHY BRING IT UP - IT'S $3? 

Having discussed the whole incident with my coworker several times, I decided to write this review as a warning to any future customers that may want to check in to this place. I was once a repeat customer, but after today on principle alone, I won't return. The whole thing is actually laughable.

1st: If I wanted to stiff her, why would I pay 96% of the bill? 

2nd: If that was in fact the case, you would and should have been able to pull up the bill proving that the customer didn't pay in full. 

3rd: The manner in which it was brought to our attention was shocking. Why would you accuse a repeat customers (whose eaten at your restaurant at least twice since the incident) of stiffing you on the bill but not bring it up until 3 weeks later? That makes no sense. In fact it sounds like she may have gotten the wrong people. 

4th:  All of this over $3. If you're that hard up on $$$ it's probably a good idea to treat your customer's with respect and approach them with any "situations" calmly, not let your bratty employee ruin any chances of retaining a once loyal customer.  Hope the extra $5 makes your day sweet heart - life's to short to freak out over 3 bucks. 

Luckily I pass 4 other sushi restaurants on the way to get to their place. Going forward, I'll go to a closer stop that doesn't freak out on their customers and make a scene.  The sad part is, this whole situation could have been avoided had it been approached sooner and with a civil attitude. Obviously, I had no problem paying for the missed $3 since I in fact paid more than what I was accused of "cheating" her out of.  More to the point though, her manager didn't step in. If the employee couldn't handle the situation appropriately, than the manager should have taken action and stepped in. Poor communication and tactics overall has earned this place a bad rating.  ;0(
Walked into this place for the 5th or 6th time in the past 1.5 months just to be confronted by a waitress accusing my coworker and I of dipping out on part of the check 3 weeks ago. Yes 3 weeks ago. I asked for the details and she said the bill was $23 and we put a $20 down and left. She said she tried to chase after us but we drove off...... This of course is not true as neither my coworker or I would do this..... We asked for the receipt in the computer system because we were very confused and she was appalled we would ask for that. We apologized for the misunderstanding and even offered to square the bill away by putting $5.00 on the table. She stormed off banging dishes around and gave us nasty looks. A few minutes later we called her over and pointed at the $5.00 on the table just to hear her say, "It's up to my manager" and stormed off into the office with the $5.00 bill.....I don't appreciate being accused of dipping on a portion ($3.00) of the bill and won't be returning.
My girlfriend and I were the first customers when this place opened up. When we go to dinner, we drive around looking for the newest spots. I didn't want to write a review until we ate there a few times. We now have gone there about 5 times, and it has been consistent. The food taste fresh and the staff are extremely friendly. The cuts are clean and the dishing is nice. At this point, we know we are going to get good service and a satisfying meal. When we first went there, we asked about the owner, and it was the gentleman we were speaking to, and he brought out the other owner. They are both open to suggestions on how they can serve better, so don't ever be shy to voice your opinion to them.

As a side note, someone else gave them a 1 start because of a waitress, but there review of the food ws good, this review is also posted twice so it brings down the score a bit more, which is unfair in my opinion.  Besides, if they really did stiff her, I'd be mad too, although it's not professional to come at the customer like that. 

If you and your girlfriend are looking for a Sushi place that won't leave an after taste, and can pretty much guarantee good service, then  Bei will work for you.
It was the first time visiting this places.  David the sushi chef was great and all the sushi was fresh, delicious.  Katrina provided excellent customer service.  This place is highly recommended and the happy hour has great choices for a good price.
This is a cool little place, that was nicely redone when it became B.E.I. 
The staff is very friendly, the food is fast and delish, happy hour is good but limited. 
The staff is very friendly and on top of things. We were greeted several times walking in the door and were waited on / bussed by a few different people, but knew who are true server was.  Our drinks were always full and we felt very welcomed. 
I have had several of the Sushi rolls, the yakisoba, spring rolls, tofu steak, edemame, and stuffed mushrooms. Everything has been great and all of it is recommended, especially the mushrooms. 
The presentation of food is nicely done and looks more expensive then it is. It is almost a great date place but it's almost too comfortable and well lit, it lacks romantic atmosphere, but would make a great casual date.
I recently visited this restaurant and was exceptionally pleased by the experience. I am always looking for new places to enjoy sushi, and saw the reviews on here were nearly flawless. Obviously I had my doubts that this was clearly a manufactured coincidence so I had to do some investigating of my own. 

To my surprise though BEI justified it's reviews. I ordered yellow tail sashimi, very large and fresh pieces were presented elegantly within minutes of placing my order. Next the three rolls I ordered came out in a timely fashion. One at a time and almost as soon as I finished the previous roll.  I've recently experienced a different situation at another local sushi restaurant where my food was brought out with absolutely no order. Dinner first then, last appetizers and when I ordered another roll it took about 30 minutes to arrive. 

The three rolls I ordered were the ASU, Tuna Lover and my new favorite roll The Checkerboard roll. The wasabi aioli sauce on top of the Checkerboard roll was to die for. I highly recommend  it.

Also as many other people have commented about and I feel must be address is the quality of service. Everyone was extremely nice, polite, and knowledgable. It's clear their employes love working there and when I asked how long they have been in business, accompanied with a large smile, I received a very confident and prideful response of 13 weeks today. 

I rarely frequent restaurants but this one is sure be see the likes of me in the near future 

Advice to you, Give this place a shot and what ever you do, try anything with their aioli sauce.
Wow!!! I am so glad I found this place.  Live music, cold beers, fantastic sushi and amazing desserts!!  This is hands down the best sushi and Asian restaurant in town!!!!
Lunch menu is filling and ranges from 9-13 bucks.  Attentive server with refills and pleasant atmosphere.  I tried the lunch sushi combo but might opt for a rice bowl or teriyaki dish next time.  The sushi didn't sit that well but could've been either the fish quality or soy sauce, not sure.
EDIT: Apparently I and my dining partner must have misread the hand-written sign at the bar regarding the bathroom. It turns out that there IS a bathroom on-site for customer use. Shame, too, as we ended up using one in a storefront still under construction (but we made new friends!). Another reviewer mentioned a gratuity added to their bill for their six-member dining party. I don't recall seeing a notice on the menu, the happy hour menu, or the drink menu, but given the Bathroom Notice Situation, I couldn't say if it was not there or if we missed it. The original review follows below, and the rating is unchanged:

We went to Bei after hearing our favorite place, in North Phoenix, had effectively shut down and died a horrible death. We went there to eat sashimi, a few rolls, and soft-shelled crab, as we would have at the other place. Bei had some tasty things, but most of the actual rolls were uninspired and could be had most other places. They weren't sloppily done, but the execution wasn't noteworthy either. The sashimi selection was not enough to convince us to buy it, so I can't say if it was tasty or not.

On to the absolutely stand-out part of the visit: the appetizers and hot sake.

If I could buy this over again, I'd take our $60 bill and pile it all into appetizers. These ARE are what to go for at Bei. They were ALL tasty and wonderful, although we were surprised and sad to see that soft-shelled crab was not on the menu (spider roll aside). Both salads we ate (cucumber and squid) were excellent and well-balanced. The amount of meat in both salads was wonderful. 

Be advised, however, Bei does not offer their customers a bathroom. I can appreciate the desire to not have to clean up after boozy customers, but it makes it inconvenient when you desire to wash your hands prior to eating, and VERY inconvenient if your dining companion needs to urinate mid-meal. We ended up using the bathroom of another establishment after finishing our meal. Bei missed a great opportunity here--for the cost of a public-facing bathroom, it missed out on us eating another roll and adding another two salads to our meal.
Best sushi place around the south Scottsdale area. Make your way out of the trendy "sushi" restaurants in old town and head a bit south to find this gem. Don't be scared of the outside, make your way in to find friendly staff and one of the best sushi jointsin town. We had a large group come in late on a Saturday and the place was empty. Will be nice to see this place fill up once more people hear about it.
First,  let me confirm that this establishment has not 1, but 2 restrooms.   One for ladies and one for men.   A fellow Yelper and I exchanged messages about this before I went because that Yelper's review states that Bei does not have a restroom for customers.  It does.   The sign out front is for non-customers.  I snapped a pic of the restroom sign as evidence for others reading reviews and considering this establishment----- because I almost bypassed this restaurant because of that Yelper's information. I hope this helps.

Lately,  I have been into Ramen and brothy soups in general.   Miso, shrimp and pork ramen to be specific.   Take a look at the picture of my Ramen http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bei-scottsdale-2?selected=ovAcABgI3P5BFBUiBYQ9KA#xSczojjTQAVoXmEqcY19yw and view the pic of the Ramen posted by Yelper Britt C.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bei-scottsdale-2?selected=ovAcABgI3P5BFBUiBYQ9KA#Gx2-zZuvY5ynZbUD27BlpA  They look quite different.   Mine had a few tiny pieces of meat, a limited amount of veggies and lacked adequate broth.   I hated it!  I can honestly say the 25 cent pack of ramen I made in college was better!  The veggies tasted canned. I expected a nice piece of pork in the Ramen like the aforementioned picture by Britt C, but there were only a few flavorless tiny pieces. A well known improvisational restaurant, that has monthly ramen nights, down the street has ruined my palate to tolerate ramen any place else.   I can not say how much I hated that dish!   

I ordered a spicy sushi roll that I split with a fellow Yelper.  Decent roll.  I would like to try the Bei roll one day. 

I went here with the international lunch group that I organize.   Everyone else ordered a bento lunch box.  They were all happy with their lunch and had a consensus 3 star meal.

There were 6 of us,  we were automatically charged a 20% gratuity.   I don't know if this is normal for everyone or if that is the case for groups.   It was not printed on the menu.   It aggravated me,  but alas wasn't a big deal.   They should print that on their menu.

2 stars - I hated my dish.

Because the location is cool for me for easy access to sushi in SoScott, but considering the proximity of other sushi restos that I like better:
Return Factor: 15%, 

.
Good stuff ...was fast and fresh...checkerboard roll was my favorite. Wish they had a couple baked rolls but overall five stars...will def be back
Honestly, my experience here was so quick & I didn't try anything except for a few basic rolls, but I like what I saw & ate, and based on that I'd definitely come back. 

Bei is probably the closest sushi place to my house & sushi is one of those things I don't eat often, but when I crave it, I CRAVE it. I wish this place had a website because I got takeout. I decided to just to stop in, order, and wait. The place itself was spacious & seemed nice enough to dine in at. 

Since I was trying this place for the first time I ordered three basic rolls as a "test." I got a CA roll, Philly roll & honestly I don't remember exactly what the third roll was except that it was a pretty basic shrimp tempura roll. The fish tasted fresh in all three.

I was just testing this place for future reference, and it passed. I'd especially come back for Happy Hour. I believe it runs everyday (maybe not Sun?), and goes from 4:30-7:30. There are several rolls for under 3 bucks. 

There aren't a lot (any, really) sushi options in this area, which makes Bei even more appealing.
Nice people good food. The service was sub par. I ordered a volcano, dynamite, and spicy tuna roll with my boy friend along with sake bombs. Great date spot if you aren't in a rush.
Can I eat here every day please?! I am a down to the bone sushi lover! Every time I have been here the service is nothing short of perfect. Always comes out right (even when modifications are made), quick, and with a smile. The manager always comes to the table to check in and you can tell he truly wants you to have a great experience. 

The house rolls are phenomenal!! I took a friend who isn't a sushi fan, he ate 3 different rolls and has gone back on his own! I'm pretty sure the Red Dragon roll is my new favorite food ever!!
The only reason this place doesn't get five stars is because the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired. The sushi is delicious, get the Alaskan roll!
The food at Bei is AMAZING - I am a huge sushi fan and I would venture to say that the sushi at Bei is the best I've had in Arizona. I came here with a date on Thursday for the first time and the place was lovely. They had live music and a very cool atmosphere; the decor is very pretty. We were impressed! We ordered several rolls, some basic, like the tootsie and the spicy tuna, as well as the dragon and ASU roll. All of them tasted amazing. The ingredients at Bei are INCREDIBLY fresh; the fish is the best quality I've had in AZ and there's a delicious balance and texture to all of it. The rolls themselves were also extremely well-made; very tight and neat. ALSO the green tea ice cream is to die for. 

We will definitely be returning to Bei. The food came out quickly and, like I've been raving, it is of EXTREMELY high quality. The only blemish on the night was that while the service was relatively speedy, our particular waitress was distant and a little stand-offish; she almost never came to check on our table and when she did, she was cold and walked away almost immediately, before we could even tell her if we needed anything. Other servers who were around, whoever, were very kind and very pleasant, so I won't let that deter me from going back. Viva la Bei!
We just moved to Scottsdale and found this place. This has to be the best sushi place ever. The ambience is perfect, the design of the restaurant is well done, and the food is delicious! Out of all the restaurants here in Phoenix my daughter wants to have her birthday dinner at Bei because of their lollipop sushi roll. We will be there Feb 13th! Can't wait!!!
Fantastic sushi. Fresh fish and great service. Came here for an anniversary and was not disappointed. Staff was courteous. Food came out fast. We will definitely come back later.
Service was great for happy hour but the sashimi did not taste that fresh. It might have been because I was starving, but I felt sick eating the sushi. I love sashimi, sushi but tonight's didn't taste good. The rolls were over stuff with rice and very little sushi. 

Carlee was actually a fantastic host tonight. Maybe she was having a bad night the other night per another reviewer.
I finally got to try Bei out this past weekend and had a great experience. We went on a Friday night and were greeted with a friendly welcome and got a table right away. We got an order of the spring rolls, I got the citrus ahi tuna sashimi, and my boyfriend got their chicken katsu bowl.

The spring rolls and the bowl came out right away. The spring rolls were delicious. I'm usually not a fan of them, but these were crispy and had just the right amount of vegetables. It wasn't greasy or heavy. I tried the chicken katsu and it was really good too. Unfortunately, my ahi took some time to come out. However, it was definitely worth the wait. The tuna was super fresh and I loved the citrus ginger sauce on it and the avocados. I will definitely be back just for that!

The prices are very reasonable and they also have lunch specials and happy hour. They have a pretty extensive menu so I'm sure there's something for everyone, even if you're not a fan of sushi.
Very tasty Japanese food for Arizona.  The miso soup was too salty, but the Tuna Lover roll and Yakitori were good.  Don't make the mistake of coming during peak hours.  The Happy Hour is such a good deal you will be kicking yourself for not coming in earlier or waiting a little bit longer to eat and drink.
We had the crab stuffed mushrooms which were very different from what I'd imagined.  Its basically a large ball of crab with a little mushroom on it (think crab ball with hat) covered in panko and fried.  Sounds weird, but its actually pretty dang good.  Its a little tricky to eat but I'd definitely recommend trying it if you like crab.

We also had the spicy salmon, spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, and one that I don't remember the name of..  They were decent, slightly too much rice and slightly off in the slicing but priced very right even without a special.

If you're in the mood for sushi in a bistro type environment versus a club and don't want to be reamed on pricing I would highly recommend this place!
We're now officially bona fide regulars here. We had previously been in love with Lao Thai (which was here before Bei was) and were pretty surprised to see it gone and replaced once upon a time. Whatever, we thought... may as well go in and try it out.

That was 3 months ago, and we have been back at least once every 2 weeks ever since. And every single time, it's got the best and freshest sushi on par with the quality you receive at ShinBay (without the wallet-breaking prices). 

On top of that, the happy hour specials are awesome, the bar is awesome, and the servers and personnel are awesome (especially Chase and Jun). 

Bei really quickly won us over and rest assured we will continue to come back here over and over. This place is great
I was really hoping this could be my new sushi haunt--my old favorite was also right next to a Fascinations so I thought that was a good sign. However, I was underwhelmed by the food here. I felt like there was too much cucumber in the spicy tuna, and the rolls with crab in them were too creamy. I think they had too much mayo in them. I'm sure a dismayed chef might say, "they didn't even have mayo in them!" But that's just my guess. Something was off about them. They weren't terrible, but not great either. The food had a really good presentation; it was just not very flavorful. They also forgot to bring out one of the items I ordered, which would have been far more forgivable if the food was good. I'll continue my search for an excellent sushi restaurant in the East Valley. 

In sum, I give this restaurant a rating of "meh."
Went here for happy hour-good drink specials. Went with my Japanese friend, always a good idea in these places. 

Well, we both loved it. I had the spicy udon dish which was awesome. The noodle soup was also good. Sushi was good and fresh. The bartender was molasses in January slow, so wave your arms wildly and you WILL get her attention. 

They were actually very busy, mainly young couples and the mood was good. I will go again, try some more of that sushi!
I've been wanting to try this place since I called to order my Tai dinner one night from Lao & was told it was gonna be a sushi restaurant, awhile ago now. Finally got the opportunity this night. 
The floor plan is much smaller than what Lao Tai had to offer (for a group of two or four your just fine). K & I ordered a lot of food as K had been camping for the last five days & was quite hungry. All of the appetizers we had were very yummy. Because of our hunger & it happening to be happy hour we ordered 9 different types of sushi! There was only one of the 9 that was not to our likening. 
We were very pleasantly greeted & seated, but am sad to say our waitress & overall service was less than enthusiastic. It is really unfortunate because we are a family of sushi lovers, & I will now hesitate to return, even just for take-out.
The service is great.  Helpful and expedient wait staff.  Water is always filled and they take the time to answer any question you may have about the restaurant.

The best thing here is the sushi.  The seafood is fresh and portions large.  They have a wide assortment of different types of sushi to fulfill your every desires. Hope they start expanding to more exotic types of seafood.  

 I've tried some of their other dishes like the noodles .  It's okay, but you would be better off going to a noodle shop.  Likewise on some of their other entrees which are good, but nothing special.
I have made this a regular stop on the way to Sky Harbor airport from Chandler when traveling on business.  My favorites are the Volcano Roll and Las Vegas Roll plus they are very reasonably discounted between 4:30 and 7pm.  The service is great and the staff is very friendly and accommodating.  I plan on returning to try just about everything I can!
Recently stopped in Phoenix's newest Sushi restaurant. We arrived at BEI for early dinner at around 430 with a large group and sampled just about everything on the menu. By 530 the place was filled. Yet the food and service was excellent even when they were so busy. We have been to 4 other Sushi restaurants in the greater Phoenix Area and this one is head and shoulders above the rest. We WILL be back on our next trip to Phoenix.
This was awesome food and almost more importantly the service was super friendly and crazy fast! Lovely live music was had as well. I very much enjoyed the Blazing Alaska and the stuffed jalapeños. Also the Bei punch, though no doubt enough sugar to kill me, was delicious! First time here and I'll be back! Good times
I went here for Sushi the other night and it was really good. I loved the Thai place here before but the Sushi was good. Get the Tuna Lovers roll.
Since we used Yelp to find this restaurant, thought it only fair to provide a review.
We arrived in Phoenix today and looked on Yelp for nearby sushi (our go to meal when traveling).
We are staying near the university in Tempe so hoped to get away a bit.
We saw the reviews and location in Scottsdale for Bei so headed there for dinner.
We had a 7 PM reservation (made this afternoon) and were taken directly to our table and greeted almost immediately by our waiter. 
While the restaurant seemed full and there were some people waiting, they seemed well staffed.
Our waiter brought our water and drinks fairly quickly and then took our dinner order. 
We ordered edamame as well as a sashimi sampler and a couple of rolls and were off to a good start.
We got rice and some kind of sauce fairly quickly that we were told was for the sashimi and then didn't see our first order of food (the sashimi) until we were there for at least another 20 minutes. 
We were surprised the edamame wasn't served sooner but assume our waiter forgot. It did eventually arrive and was hot and flavorful.
The sashimi platter was served by a different waitress who dropped it off at the table without saying a word, almost walking away as she brought it before we could even ask her to maybe explain the dish a bit. 
She also happened to bring out the two rolls we ordered and same story. 
We weren't sure if she was just having a bad night or was always like that so we mentioned her affect to our waiter who then sent the manager. 
When it comes to sushi and the work the chefs do to prepare, it would seem the presentation of the dish is at least a part of the experience and she clearly hadn't gotten the message. 
He was extremely apologetic and said he would speak to the waitress.
He came by several times again to apologize and actually took 10% off the total for the late food and sporadic service.
We did notice the waitress was more interactive with other tables later so assume she took her managers advice. 
The food was better than average when it arrived so that combined with the managers efforts to recover from poor service rate Bei 4 stars.
FYI, did comment the restaurant was loud, mainly due to a woman at the table next to us who had an abnormally loud laugh.
This was the first time I came here and this place is very deceiving.  From the outside it looks like a hole in a wall sushi joint but once you go in boom everything is modern.  They have a bar area with TV's to watch the game and then a separate area for dine in.  They have a great ambiance and every booth/ table is evenly placed to have the right intimate atmosphere.

We came during happy hour and they have a ton of items on the happy hour menu.  It ranges from beer, sake bombs, appetizers, nigiri sushi, and some specialty rolls.  I extremely was surprised by their stuffed mushroom. It was to die for!!! I loved it so much I had to order it twice.  

The service was very pleasant.  Our waiter was very nice and had a great sense of humor.  They made sure my drink never hit the bottom and was very honest with their recommendation on items.

Only reason I didn't give it a full 5 star is because I didn't try any nigiri.  It's very important to have fresh fish. Next time i go back I will try it but for now 4 star it is!
Items I highly recommend - lollipop rolls and the stuffed bei mushrooms! We came right during happy hour, server was very attentive and brought all our orders on time. Wish there was a more extensive Japanese beer line up to choose from, however Kirin was good. Parking was a bit difficult, but the food was worth it! You have to visit this restaurant when you're in the Scottsdale area!
Tried Bei tonight for the first time with the hubby and it was super yummy! To quote our dinner conversation- "I think we've found a gem!" Happy hour every day, with specials on drinks, apps and rolls. Nice presentation for the food, large portions- enough to take home a doggy bag, and good prices. Will be back! :)
Fresh, delicious, and service is amazing. I've come here a few times for happy hour and it's always above par. We've ordered the lollipop roll, salmon sashimi, volcano roll, and a few other bites. The lollipop is my favorite and go to roll. This place will not disappoint!
Awesome service, fresh sushi, great prices especially during happy hour, atmosphere is nice and relaxing.
We've been here twice and both times were extremely happy with the experience. 

Our first visit was actually on Christmas day. We don't really celebrate and wanted something non-traditional that wasn't going to be ridiculously expensive. When we saw on Facebook that this place was going to be open, we made sure to head on over. 

We got calamari and garlic, chili edamame to start. The edamame was amazing! By far the best I've had at a sushi joint. The calamari was ok. I liked that they used steaks instead of rings, but I really wasn't a fan of the batter. I would have preferred a tempura style, rather than the harsher, breadcrumb coating. I think it took away from the good piece of squid hiding underneath. But it was still good, and if you like calamari you'll like this.

For rolls we got the Blazing Alaska Roll, the Vegas Roll and the Golden Philly Roll. All three were so incredibly good! The sashimi used was fresh and flavourful, and the wasabi aioli wasn't overpowering, which was my fear. I'd highly recommend any of the rolls we got.

The second time we were there we went for lunch and got the roll combo (each of us). Two rolls and miso for $8.95 is a great deal! I know I got the spicy yellowtail with avocado instead of cucumber and eel and avocado. I don't remember what my partner got, but it was gone pretty quick, so it must have been good! Mine were great. I'm a huge fan of spicy yellow tail, especially if it's fresh. 

I'd definitely recommend going during happy hour or lunch, but their prices aren't ridiculous so you won't break the bank during dinner. We'll definitely be back! There are a bunch more rolls that we want to try. We're hoping that they're open on Christmas again next year. (hint hint!)
Surprisingly good sushi! Sat at the sushi bar - friendly chefs and really great service. I was given a yummy cucumber/crab salad as an appetizer :)

It was happy hour (4:30-7, 9-close). Prices were discounted $1-2, but even regular price wasn't bad (as a referenced, a Shrimp Tempura Roll is $6.95). Best deal was the $2.50 house hot sake!
Big Fan - Great prices and The Best Sushi in Scottsdale Bar None.
We had a great time at this new place...sat at the bar and enjoyed sushi rolls, squid salad, gyoza and amazing cocktails that compliment the food.  Staff and owner were incredibly friendly and gracious.  Prices were reasonable and portion sizes large.  Best place for sushi we've found in Scottsdale!  You won't be disappointed!
We have been to Bei twice now, and I have to say I hope this little sushi place stays around. The food has been really good on both visits, and I love that they offer a reverse happy hour, as my work schedule doesn't usually allow me to go to normal happy hour.
The tuna lovers roll is amazing. Probably my favorite roll I have ever had anywhere! The sashimi prices are a little higher than what I would normally pay at a sushi restaurant. That's my only issue with Bei. The food is great, but the location and decorating/ ambiance of the restaurant aren't the best. The bar area is really dark- yet the dining room is extremely bright. I wish they could dim the lights a little more to give it a better vibe. I don't mind paying higher prices for quality sushi, but not when it's in a run down strip mall with tacky decorating. But we will return! And I probably just sounded super bitchy! Go here! Just don't expect a romantic setting of any sort! 

Oh and they have a good selection of appetizers! Yum!
THIS PLACE IS OVERRATED! Okay, I'm a simple girl. I really just love GOOD basic sushi. A good California roll here, maybe some speciality rolls, nothing too much to ask but this place has not impressed me and I feel the the reviews just led me on. First, the California rolls weren't good. I want to know how one can possibly make a bad tasting cali roll? I spit it out immediately. The rice was so sticky!! They really were shy on the imitation crab as well because it just dropped out of the roll when I picked it up. Next, the egg rolls. What If I told you that the vegetable egg rolls at Panda Express were more tasty than these? Not bashing, just saying. They weren't even full egg rolls, they were cut into little slice things. Anyways, the house salad was good, it doesn't have that thicker ginger dressing that most sushi restaurants usually have but it's cool. I don't know if I'll be back but this place seems to have plenty of fans and I hope the business continues to be successful!
am a fan.
Not a fancy restaurant but nice comfortable environment with friendly services. Their ramen noodle tastes really good. Sushi are freshly made. Happy hours are everyday 4:30-7:00, and 9:00-close. Even it's not happy hours, still very good deal.
My boyfriend and I love sushi and having this place around the corner has been a blessing! It's not the most glamorous but what it lacks in looks it makes up for in quality and service. 
As I am not a seaweed person I always ask for soy paper and boy can they wrap it tightly! I know that's weird to gush about how they wrap it but it makes the difference when chopsticks can actually be useful. The staff are always so pleasant and make it a point to ensure you have everything you need. The monthly change to the happy hour food menu is nice because it forces you to try something new especially when on a budget. 
I'm usually a tough person to impress but this place has my wallet and taste buds wrapped in soy paper!
I would definitely come back. Service was great. The greeter was very traditional & attentive. The selection is good for any type of sushi eater. Spicy garlic edamame is good also.
We ordered sashimi entree and spicy chicken noodle. The noodle was pretty good but the sashimi entree was ridiculous. It's was tiny for 15$ only 5 pieces of sashimi and 12 small pieces of california roll. Also, the fish were thin sliced. It was not worth 15$ for sure. If it was 8$ i won't complain but quality and quantity doesnt match the price.
Okay, I really like this place! It is about a mile away from my house, friendly service, and the food is great. Their happy hour can't be beat!

My only gripe: I called in a take-out order last night and was told that orders were taking longer than usual and it would be a half hour. "No problem!" I said. I showed up almost exactly 30 minutes later, and I waited for at least another 20-30 minutes in the restaurant. I totally understand that it's a Friday night and things are busier than usual, but if that's the case week after week, plan for it! Hire a few more sushi chefs on the weekends to not keep so many people waiting. There were 4 other customers waiting for their to-go orders along with me. It was a bummer!

Despite the long wait, I will go back (but dine in).
So excited for a new sushi restaurant in the neighborhood that got it right! Happy hour menu is awesome and the sushi is great. If you don't want to hassle with all the other sushi restaurants in old town with mediocre sushi and the typical singles crowd and want a laid back atmosphere with good food check this place out!
I am happy to find this place. First because I know the owner from the past and he's a really cool guy. But I didn't know that he owns this place until I came in and devoured every sushi roll. haha. 

We came after Happy Hours so our bill was on the pricey side. But looks like happy hour menu is not bad, drinks are pretty good. I love the yogurt martini, Korean signature. :)

Sushi was awesome. portion was very generous.High quality rice and fish, veggies were fresh. 

The ambience is great. it's a huge restaurant! you have separated sushi bar area, dinning area and sport area, at least that's how I felt anyways.

I guess the only one thing I think Bei can improve is the hostess. The guy clearly didn't know what he was doing, I am sorry. He seems sort of frustrated even though the restaurant wasn't that packed when we got there. The bartender girl was nice, but obviously was irritated by the hostess, and that showed. 

Good restaurant, good food. Perfect for a Friday night get-together. :)
Really love this place. Out of the way. Worth it. Good food. Great beer. Plenty of parking.
The food was super yummy! My favorite was the checkerboard roll. I have one sushi place I normally stick with, but it's definitely worth coming back to bei!
Sushi was amazing. I ordered the Las Vegas and baked salmon roll and it was super delicious! I hope to go again before I leave. Also, the staff was very friendly & great!
Amazing. Started with the miso soup and house salad. Also chose the chili garlic edamame as an appetizer. For our sushi roll, we selected the Desert Sunset Roll- (Shrimp Tempura, Crab Mix, and Cucumber, topped with Yellowtail, Avocado, and Ponzu Aioli). Incredible. The highlight of the meal had to be the  Spicy Crispy Chicken. Phenomenal. If you're looking for a laid-back, casual spot with fantastic food, Bei will not disappoint!
Friday after work happy hour spot. 4rolls, 2 sakis, and of course Olivia. Great service by Hung every time! Really fast and the sushi is fresh. Definitely recommend! This is my first yelp review btw.. Won't be my last :)
Excellent! I would highly recommend this place for its fresh and large cuts of fish, great prices, and pleasant atmosphere. The owner was present during our visit and was very attentive to all of the tables. As a sushi lover, I didn't think you could get quality sushi in the middle of the desert but this place proved me wrong. Coming back on my next trip to Arizona.
The best sushi place I have found in the Tempe/South Scottsdale area. The sushi was delicious and the happy hour/lunch prices were super reasonable! The service was friendly and timely.
This place from the outside is kind of sketch. But it is great on the inside.  The service was awesome,  the sushi came out a little slower than normal... but it's worth it. I will definitely be back again!
Wow. Like WOW! never, and I mean never! Go here. Unless you enjoy shitty service. I've never experienced worse service in my life. 

My friend and I got to the restaurant during happy hour around 8:50-9PM (keep in mind they're open until 11PM! So we were not the assholes that come in right before you close.). The manager sat us, and our server Carly came over after like 6-7 minutes of nothingness later.

When she approached our table, it was clear she had no interest in serving us (I can't fathom why not, considering we were the ONLY table). It took her like 10 minutes to bring us our drinks. Luckily our food came out shortly after in a timely manner. I ordered the sweet potato roll, and it was the last thing to come out. I don't know if you've ever had sweet potato before, but in general they're orange, so seeing that they were clear/translucent was too weird for me. I would have sent it back, but Carly decided talking to her coworkers and ignoring us, even after we were clearly finished, was a better idea! So when she finally came over, I told her she could take it back & that something about it wasn't right. She stood there questioning me like I was on trial about why it wasn't right/what I thought was wrong. If a customer complains, it doesn't matter what the problem was, just take care of it!! So she takes the roll back, while asking the chef behind the counter if he wants to try it to see what he thinks (which he did try it!). UHM WHAT, YOURE GOING TO EAT FOOD OFF OF A CUSTOMER'S PLATE?! I'm sorry, but that's a MAJOR health code violation!!!! She ended up sending the manager over after that, who then further questioned me, but comped it anyway. When we finally looked at the check, some of the dishes weren't correctly priced as they were on the happy hour menu. So my friend approached the counter where she waited.. And waited for Carly to come over so she could show her the receipt's error. When she decided to come help, she tried to argue with my friend over the happy hour menu, saying that "well it changes every month." Well, excuse me, but it was on the menu, and my friend even showed her. She finally fixed it, and by the time she did, we had been waiting close to 10 additional minutes since the manager had been to our table. 

We spent about an hour and half at this restaurant. Unfortunately, I won't get that time or money back. Do NOT waste yours. Let this be a warning!
Extremely friendly and fun atmosphere.   We had lunch with appetizer .   Very good , fresh and delicious.   Our waiter was very attentive and helpful.   His name was Hung. We will be back again.
Fast and friendly.  Their Happy Hour is quite good.  Try the Bei Special Roll, it's ridiculous.
I'd give Bei a 3.5. Who ever the Yelpers are that compare it to Shin Bay, have obviously never been to Shin Bay. Not even close to Hiro, for that matter. We're talking Ra or Kona Grill at best. 

For shame fellow Yelpers, let's just call a spade, a spade. It's passable sushi in Scottsdale. 

For those who disagree...get out more. Try real sushi.
Love that we found this little gem! I was looking for a place for take-out and heard that Bei was not only good but had take-out and it's not far from my house so that's a bonus!

My first time there I placed an order for take-out and ordered the Chicken Teriyaki, Golden Alaska Roll, Spicy Salmon Hand Roll and the Sashimi Salad. My boyfriend really enjoyed the Chicken Teriyaki and the servings are quite large, he also had the Golden Alaska Roll which was very fresh and great flavor all around. I had the Spicy Salmon Hand Roll and it was a nice large hand roll with a ton of salmon and it was very good. Not realizing how big the Sashimi Salad was I couldn't even make a dent on it after eating my hand roll so I saved it for the next days lunch and it was still very good.

We have gone back several times and ate once at the bar there and had great service. Other items we have had is the Hamachi Kama and it's always soooooo good! One of my favorites I get everytime now. 

This has become one of our favorites for sushi as you can always get in and out whether you are in a hurry or not. Service is always great and everyone is very friendly the moment you walk in the door.
Suuuuper happy about bei. Up until they came into town, my bf and I would drive all the way from n. Scottsdale to Tempe marketplace for kabuki. Bei is easily as good as Kabuki, with super fresh sushi served at the exact right temperature. Very attentive and timely service. I judge a sushi restaurant by the hamachi and sake, and bei passed with flying colors. I'm also thankful they don't overdo the whole Americanized fried rolls with heavy mayo sauces. Always nice to see Mochi ice cream on the menu:)
Since I moved to Scottsdale from Tucson, Ive been trying to find a place that I could go to for sushi that wasnt called Ra.

My buddy and I went for the reverse happy hour and were able to try anything we wanted because of the affordable prices of the rolls. 

This place is awesome and the service is great and attentive. 

I would recommend this spot to anyone. They also have live music some nights.
OMG. I came here for my birthday and it was amazing.  All the service and food is exceptional. Chang was wonderful.
Went with friends around 11 at night or so on a Friday. Ordered the salmon roll, shrimp tempura, and shared mochi ice cream with some friends. All tasted fine.

Woke up the next morning with cramps, fever, chills, nausea, diarrhea, and vomiting.

Draw your own conclusions.
Yum yum yum! This place is in a super weird location, but oh my gosh, the sushi is fantastic. I'm not a huge sushi connoisseur, but I eat it from time to time, and the roll I had here was honestly the best sushi roll I've ever had. My husband LOVED his, too, he had the Las Vegas and Golden Philly roll and raved about both. The wait staff is also super nice and attentive. Make sure to go for happy hour, too - fantastic prices on rolls! Can't say anything bad about the place.
We had a good visit here! I was thinking this was going to be a hip, modern Asian fusion-y type of sushi joint. I think it wanted to be, but the shopping center location and cheap feeling ambiance sort of detracted from that possibility. 

The food however, is good! I would definitely suggest, if you want a low-key nite, to come here. Everyone liked what they had and the prices were good. The ambiance is nothing special (and the music which attempts to make this place feel hipper than it is, is kind of silly). It's more of a 3.5, but I really liked the food and the price so we'll give it a 4! Nothing too exciting, nice staff, good food...if you are looking for hip, fun vibe, it's not the place...
The people were helpful and the service was quick. I would absolutely go here again! The happy hour is great! There were a variety of different rolls to choose from
They're inching on "meh" territory now...

Took a friend and shared my praise for Bei.  We had overly bland service (I'm sorry, were we keeping you from something honey) which turned into bizarre service.

As we were down to merely nibbling on food, my dining mate ordered another cocktail.  Apparently we were expected to chug the drinks, pay, and then get the f outta there in 3 minutes.  Because as we continued to talk, every little item on our table was meticulously rearranged, talked about, and eventually removed.  Hours before they were to close, and with plenty of other folks in the restaurant (it was maybe 8:45), we both had to move around the waiters coming to take the condiments off the table, as if they were cleaning up and we had clearly overstayed our welcome.

If we hadn't just ordered drinks (cost money and can't be taken as to-go drinks of course), or it was late and near closing time, or if the place was packed, we'd have absolutely left.  But then, we also wouldn't have ordered more drinks. Altogether, I was embarrassed to have recommended this place for so long, when it left a majorly bitter taste in our mouths.

Ra may be corporate but at least they aren't dicks.
First. I have to thank our server for accommodating to my shellfish allergy and communication with the kitchen. I know. I know. It seems stupid to go to a restaurant which you are allergic to 3/4 of the menu items and then have them work around it. Good food, HH is amazing and service is beyond point.
Pretty good sushi here. Their sashimi portions are small for the price. But everything tasted great. They even have escolar. Yum!
This has been my third visit to Bei, and 2 out of the three times I have been extremely happy. I love how the menu has udon noodles and some other dishes I have not found at other sushi restaurants, and the sushi is pretty good. Also, any place that has happy hour until 7 is awesome. An advertised $7 per sake bomb is nothing to get excited about.
My honey and I came here for the 1st time it was good would defiantly come again, we want to try happy hour or reverse happy hour! :) I had the spicy crispy chicken and he had the Bei Bulgogi both super tasty would defiantly order again but would ask for the Bei Bulgogi spicy next time, service was great too! We'll recommend and come again.....
Came here for lunch with a coworker.  Service was great but there were only 2 other parties in the restaurant.  My coworker ordered the Spicy Chicken Noodles and I had the Chicken Katsu Rice Bowl.  The rice bowl was good, but I'm pretty sure the chicken was the frozen kind as it had those fake katsu sauce lines on them.  My coworker said her noodle dish was more sweet than spicy, but she likes things very spicy.  We also ordered the Blazing Alaska Roll with the sriracha on the side and it was delicious!

Overall the food service were both good.  We plan on coming back to try out their Happy Hour
I like the sushi here but I don't think it's fantastic.  I love the pearl filtered sake, and the service is usually great.  They are always falling over themselves to help you out.  Sometimes the service can border on the bizarre though.  I've never had them try to rush us out but sometimes the waiter can just be.... awkward.  Also, the interior is just ugly.  The booths and the bathroom scream diner, which is just not the type of interior I'm looking for when I'm eating sushi.
I love Bei. 

It's a friendly neighborhood bar and sushi restaurant, and the owners/staff will make your experience a great one. They are fun, friendly and will encourage you to join in on some late night karaoke as well as give you recommendations of their favorite options on the menu.

They have every kind of seating imaginable (I love having those options), TVs (and will change the channel if you ask nicely), live music (on the weekends) and Happy Hour specials! My boyfriend and I ordered a bottle of sake there, and it came in a really cool ice bucket which made us happy.

Get the stuffed mushrooms and thank me later. Oh yeah, and for Vegans they have Vegan options! : )

Head over to Bei, and have a good time. You won't be disappointed.
Came here for my birthday dinner earlier this month since this place has almost 5 stars and figured it would surely be a great experience. 

There were 5 or 6 other parties dining in addition to my 2 person party (it was not a busy night by any means). It took almost 15 minutes for our waiter to even greet us. I mean it was to the point of getting really awkward and I almost walked back up the hostess to ask if we could please just get some water. Finally ordered some water and two mixed drinks. After nearly 10 more minutes, ONE of the mixed drinks arrived. Another 5 or 7 minutes go by and I ask our waiter if my drink is coming and he said 'oh yes it's on it's way'. I get my drink a few more minutes later (it only had 2 ingredients according to the menu) so I assume he forgot about it somehow. Then I ask if we can please get the waters also (at this point we had been there for more than 30 min). 

We ordered our food and it arrived in an appropriate amount of time. The sushi was good and the green tea tempura ice cream was good too. It's just such a shame that the service was so awful. We had at least 3 different waiters including, I think, a bus boy at one point who clearly didn't have experience waiting tables. What gave that away was when he stopped by our table and pointed at my drink and said "is that thing any good?"  

Just a really strange dining experience and the wait staff seem really lost and confused.
We walked into this place about fifteen minutes before they closed the sushi bar, and we are so glad we did! The sushi was absolutely amazing. The customer service was outstanding. They are super friendly and attentive. The only reason they got four stars is because their tuna was ok...I recommend the salmon sushi rolls! Especially the spicy one with jalapeños. we will definitely be going back.
This is my favorite sushi place! I love their happy hour specials and all their sushi rolls. Everything is high quality, ready quickly, and served by someone friendly.
I went to Bei yesterday with the family after a failed attempt at going to Totties (that is sort of another story, but some people had been waiting there over an hour.. yikes!). Anyway, My dad, stepmom, husband, and I arrived here at around 12:45 and it was fairly empty. My dad and I split the noodle and rice bowl combo (this thing is huge... like 2 full entrees) with the spicy chicken noodles and the spicy pork bowl and . The husband had the beef teriyaki bowl and my stepmom got the tempura bento box. The gyoza was pretty standard... like the frozen type, not awesome. The salad had a fairly good ginger dressing on it, but too much of it... like a pool at the bottom. I thought the spicy chicken noodles were very tasty, just the right balance of sweet and spicy on thick noodles with vegetables and chicken. The spicy pork was even better, it was spicy and had the right amount of sauce to rice ratio... I liked both very much. The rest of the food was fairly mediocre. Anyway, I would consider going back for the items I ordered, but probably wouldn't get the other items.
I went to this restaurant on 7/5/2014 and when I went in the atmosphere was nice. However it took a long time for the waiter to come take my order. That's not the worst when I finally got my food and started eating their was a COCK ROACH crawling out of it. It was so disgusting I called the manager over and he saw it crawling around in the food and was grossed out. He said this has never happend  and said its because it came from the back kitchen, but he can assure me that he can make me fresh sushi. I said no, I don't won't anything from here ever again. I didn't have to pay the bill, but I just thought you all should know that this restaurant is not sanitary. I will be reporting them to the health department. I've never experienced anything like this.
Salads remain tasty, and the calamari fillet appetizer was tasty. Hot sake is also good. This is the second time I've been here, and the second time I have received so-so service from the sour-faced waitress and great service from the busboy. I wish my tip would go to him exclusively. 

Come for the starting salad... Then get out quickly and go elsewhere for main courses and sushi rolls, as ours were of average quality and upper-third pricing.
Fantastic food.  A little pricy for a small strip-mall location.  Regardless, I will be back.
Decided to try Bei for lunch during the work week since my co-worker was craving noodles so I suggested we go to Bei since she hadn't been yet and it wasn't far from work. 

The place wasn't busy (maybe 5 tables of people sitting) and once we sat we looked at the lunch specials. My girlfriend had the 1 Noodle and 1 Rice bowl special. I had the Mixed Tempura Box.

Ok we were SHOCKED at how much food came out for that price!!!! Mine came with a salad, CA roll (4 pc), mixed tempura w/veggies and shrimp, and rice and it was huge! I didn't even touch the rice, CA roll or finish all the veggies and I am stuffed. 

Her's came out and the Udon noodles bowl was HUGE (dinner size portion) with veggie tempura AND a rice pork bowl (dinner size portion). We were so full by the time we left.

Here's was $12.95 and mine was $7.95. You cannont beat that. Someone could easily split one dish for two people.

Service was also great like always.
I had an opportunity to check out this new place last night for a soft opening.  I believe they officially open this weekend.  Good food, good vibe, and a very friendly staff.  As far as food, the highlight of the meal was the BBQ Chicken Lettuce Wraps...awesome, a must try.  We also tried the ribs, the salmon and few sides (great mac n' cheese).  All were very good and had a great presentation.  I will definitely be back to try more when they are officially open.

They are set up for live music but didn't have a band playing on this night, however they have a great sound system with a DJ that made for a fun atmosphere.  Above the dining area is a grated catwalk which has a staff of dancers who periodically do a routine right above you.  It's a perfect set up for a place right on the strip.  

A useful side note...there currently isn't an entrance from the Monte Carlo Casino.  To get to it, just walk out to the strip, the only access is from Las Vegas Blvd.
I love the atmosphere here, easy and high energetic. Very good for groups the relax after work and hang out!
Came here for dinner with a rather large group of 12 but the waiters kept forgetting things we ordered such as not bringing my friend's beer that we eventually had to cancel and not bringing half of our group's dinner. Overall the ambiance is fun an the food is good. I highly suggest you get the catfish sandwich
On the fence with a mixed bag of deliberation.

Let me first commend the hostesses. Great opener to the first-time visitor. Extremely friendly, courteous, and genuinely enthusiastic.

We ordered the loaded BBQ nachos, crispy (deep fried") meatloaf, cheddar cheese grits, fried catfish sandwich, crackling pork shank, and BBQ brisket.

The best part of the meal was the appetizers. That meatloaf and nacho boulder were a phenom start.... (that meatloaf should be on every deathrow prisoner's bucket list).....

.... then it went sideways and slightly downhill like a 2-bit skateboard park. The catfish was too salty, brisket too dry, and cheese grits too...... out-of-a-cardboard-box tasting. The one saving grace was the pork shank because....... how the heck can anyone screw up pork at a BBQ place?

The live band was very ordinary (seriously, how do you mess up "My Sharona"?), but the highlight throughout the night were the double barrel dancers that kicked their heels throughout the night up in the rafters, as well as waddling and 2-stepping throughout the restaurant...... a very welcomed distraction.

Because this is an SBE restaurant, on top of the fact that a Vegas bar is expected to be high at these menu prices (yeah they're not cheap folks), my expectations are high, and therefore rating standards are tough on this one. 

Cocktails were decent, but ridonkulously high-priced for the small quantity, and Bar service was slow. They also need to work on sound engineering and accoustic construction (waaaaay too much audible turbulence for a restaurant), and the air is far too thick. I think it has something to do with fog machines, but whatever it is, airflow is very stale and we eventually left because of headaches.

That said, I won't take away from the general fun atmosphere of the place. The dancers really brought a great dynamic to the place, and there was no shortage of gawking diners. It was sort of reminiscent of the days when the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders could send any place into a high-octane frenzy when they toured the country and were a one-of-a-kind breed back in the day.

From a epicurean standpoint, skip this place if you're expecting anything more than a basic BBQ roadhouse joint. But if you're in the mood for group fun, you'll probably like it. 

Will I come back? For partying? Yes. For food? Meh..... we'll see....
I was here on opening night, and despite it being busy, service was friendly and took a reasonable amount of time. Ambiance was lively & fun. 

Not too impressed with the food. Ribs were OK- pretty tough and very lightly sauce covered. Biscuits and gravy were gross- I couldn't even pinpoint what the watery gravy was seasoned with besides salt. Biscuits themselves were also tasteless. 

Despite it being busy, there was a lot of standing around I observed from the wait staff, but being new, that is to be expected until they get into stride.
Good food excellent location three bars and plenty of scenery!  Great new spot on the strip. The staff is really trying hard to make it cool!  Outdoor seating right on the strip so you can watch all the freaks walk by!!
This place is AWESOME!!! I went the weekend they opened and had a GREAT TIME! So many places on the strip try too hard and everything about this place seemed naturally cool. The buffalo chicken sliders, chicken pot pie and deep fried s'mores were soooooo good! A live band came on later in the night so my friends and I gave up our $5,000 table reservation at Hakkasaan so we could stay here because we were having so much fun! Ended up saving thousands of dollars and made this one of our best Vegas trips!
This place is AWESOME!!! Had an amazing meal - buffalo chicken sliders are UNREAL and the nachos are perfect!! We also had some fried pickles that were not on the menu - but were awesome!! Love this place! Will def be going back!!
We did not enjoy this place at all.....over priced,not even happy hour specials and the worst service ever. He sat and chatted with customers and ignored us. Just a bad atmosphere. Never again.
My wife and I tried this out this weekend. The pulled pork sandwich was really good but the grilled cheese was pretty much flavorless. It needed something more to give it that final kick. The sweet potato fries were also soggy instead of crisp. This place is new and seems like they still have a few bugs to work out. 

The service was ok but it took forever for us to get our drinks and for our initial visit from our waitress.
We stopped here as we heard the drinks were huge and delicious, and we were hungry. The Double Barrel Iced Tea (or whatever its called), doubled up was $24 and while it was large and delicious, no way we were each getting one for that price, so we shared. Waitress was inattentive, left while I was asking her a question and when she came back just said "So are we ready yet?"
Being vegetarian, I opted to try the wood-fire grilled portobello mushroom at something like $13, he got the porkchop which was something like $16. Now I understand Vegas, especially the strip was pricey, but my meal was tiny, and on top of that the mushroom came out cold. 
When I told my waitress, she asked if she could warm it up for me. Sure. No apology though. When the manager came by to check on things, my boyfriend was done eating and I was still waiting on my tiny mushroom. I told her it was being rewarmed as it came out cold and she goes, "Oh, weird! We'll now it will come out better than ever. Sorry about that." At least I got an apology. I know the waitress isn't too responsible for it being cold, but to not offer a "sorry" about it upset me. Boyfriend said the porkchop was very eh. She then avoided our table until we were done with EVERYTHING, drinks down to ice, not a scrap left on the table, so when she came with the check she seemed surprised we wanted dessert. I was still starving! 
Ordered the deep fried s'moores, which she replied were her favorite. Another BUNK order. Tiny, and gross. Was not good at all, the batter they used was not sweet at all so it tasted like breaded chocolate.
We still tipped well and left, heard the place was new so cut it some slack. I even tipped the host as she was the friendliest of the three girls we interacted with.
I got much better food, portions, service, etc. EVERYWHERE else on the strip I went. The only good part was the overpriced drink. I hope they improve as they are open longer, but we will not be back on our next trip.
I think this restaurant is very cute. I would go to have a drink and maybe an appetizer. We had dinner and weren't very satisfied. The server was very nice. I had the roadhouse nachos. I didn't seem to be able to find anything appetizing on the menu so I chose Nachos. They came on a cookie sheet. On top was cheese, pulled pork in sauce that was to sweet. It said it had baked beans on them as well. I had him put them on the side. They were cold and to sweet. The sour cream had wasabi in it. I truly did not like them. My friend had the mini pulled pork sliders. He said they were good but agreed everything was to sweet. This is a cute place and good for drinks and appetizers only.
Worst bar on the strip.  We came to watch the games for March Madness. They have 7 TVs in the bar area all on the same game, and the manager said it was impossible to change even one of the TVs because they were all on a schedule.  Are you kidding me? Don't come here. Bad service, incompetent management, and somehow they ran out of beer by noon.
Never write reviews but have to say for this one, since when did bartenders start acting like they're above people and aren't they supposed to be social?

I came here for dinner with my friends and the food was good. Hostess was welcoming. Table server was friendly. Recommend the appetizer tower and the HUGE Double Barrel Burger.  
However, after dinner we decided to stop by the bar and there was a girl and guy bartender. The girl was nice, blond, smiled at everyone. Unfortunately, we sat on the blond guy's section, he only waited on girls that came by and joked around with his bartender coworker. When we asked for a drink it seemed like it was a drag for him to take our order. Who's hired at this place? If you think your muscles are above everyone, go work at a Gold's Gym buddy, you're nothing special. Not coming here again.

So I rated two stars because of the outstanding negative service.
This new open air bar is awesome!  It was the perfect place to gather with friends  and watch the basketball games during March Madness over the past weekend.  The service was friendly and quick, and their Bloody Mary is THE BEST in Vegas!  They have a smokey taste that is really unique and just delicious!

There are tons of appetizers to share with a big group - be sure to try the sweet potato fries and the appetizer tower.  Getting a few plates to share is the best way to go.

The bar faces the strip so you can see what's going on, and it's so nice to have a fun place to hang out that is not inside a casino.  Definitely venture out of the norm and try this place out!  Cheers!  :)
I go to Vegas every year for March Madness, and I thought this place was AWESOME.  I refuse to sit in a smoke filled sports bar packed in there like sardines.  We stumbled on to this place on Saturday to watch the third day of games.  Our wait was less than 5 minutes, which to me is fabulous.  We drank 32oz beers (Shock Top) for $14 and ate multiple appetizers for $6.  I should give this place a bad review to scare everyone away that way I can get the same experience next year when I arrive.  With that being said, this place is 10x greater than the location just to the south.... I won't mention the name  but the name is spanish for the DEVIL.
I recently had dinner here on a slow night and experienced how different the service is compared to a busy night. The cocktails looked and tasted good, however, I did not like how the bartenders at the bar I was sitting favored some guests more than others. I ordered from what looked like high school jock (blond muscles) and his buddy with odd facial hair. Not only did it take TOO long for them to start my drink because their jokes seemed more important, but I also saw them pour a mason jar full of vodka for their friends across the bar. Being a local, I was shocked to see that happening out in the open at a NEW restaurant on the strip. No managers on a slow night??? 

The food was good itself, but then again, I was never checked on after. Maybe I will sit at a table where the servers seem friendlier if I ever decide to go back.

For future visitors, food and fruity drinks I would recommend, but for the service, you've been warned.
We went here for an event for my husbands work. The food was great, and the drinks were really good. I had a Double Barrel Iced Tea. The food was served by the bite. We had the seasoned fries, pulled pork sliders, mac and cheese, crispy chicken sliders. All tasted great. The service was a bit slow, but that's probably because there were several people at this event.
Traditionally, food was not that important in the bar business....so it was generally unhealthy, uninspired, and inedible (unless drunk).

In the past decade or so, some shrewd restaurateurs figured out that bar-food didn't always have to be crap
This created the concept of the Gastro-Pub, which is essentially artisanal beer and liquor combined with high-end cuisine.

Well, the guys at Double Barrel didn't get that memo...because the food here is dreadful.

I had the BBQ ribs and my friend had the chicken-fried steak. Both came out 5 minutes after we ordered them, which means they were prepared well-in-advance and were waiting patiently under heat-lamps to be called upon. 
Nice.

On top of that, the place is located right on the strip at the front of the Monte Carlo casino, which requires a 10 minute walk from the parking lot through the casino, to the hostess stand.

If you just want beer and big-screen sports, and you like to describe things as "awesome", then this place is for you.
But if you're looking for good food worth paying for, then you can skip this place.
Food was great but server got order wrong maybe because music is to loud. They play a good mix of music that we like. Over all we would come back here.
Really bad service.. We were waiting for the waitress more than 20 minutes and then we left..
I would give this more stars if they didn't tax the hell out of everything. The Nachos were different (had a bbq sauce on it) BUT VERY YUMMY and huge. We had a few  beers and this place is huge. We came in late night so sat up close to the stage on the top floor.. band was good and entertaining. We really liked the place until we got our $50 something bill and noticed $23 tax added to it.. There was a service tax, entertainment tax, food tax.. totaling about $23on $50 something bill.. WTH is all that?  If they get rid  of all that extra hidden charges we will be back.. otherwise Never again.. plenty of other fun places to go too. Needless to say we were shocked.. There were only 2 of us too for about 1 1/2 hours..
Went in here to have some drinks and we ask then is if they can change the TV to see Mexico vs USA and they were very accommodating.  Our bartender Double D mixed us up some great drinks.  All I had to do was ask him to make me a drink with a certain ingredient and he did! Dude made me drink with balsamic vinegar and that drink was bomb! Overall the prices are a little pricey but who cares your in Vegas right? All in all great customer service by the bartenders and of course great drinks.
Great southern food.  We all were very happy with our orders...we had Chicken Fried Steak, Brisket, Pulled Pork Sandwiches, Ribs and Fried Chicken.  The sides were great as well.  They opened recently so there are kinks to work out.  We waited quite a while for our waiter to take our order.  Otherwise we were pleased with our service and it was some of the best food we had on our trip.  I'd definitely recommend it.  

Its also great that the restaurant is open to the strip and has a patio area...seems like its more accessible to the strip.
WoW!!!  This place is off the hook!   Love, love, LOVED it!  We met up with a group of friends and had the most AMAZING dinner here last night.  We were all SO impressed that they have only been open for 4 weeks and didn't miss a beat.  The service was exceptional, the food was soooo delicious, the portions were perfect, the ambiance was just what we needed to start a fun night in Vegas
My wife and I tried this today. She had a burger and I had the chicken breast sandwich. Both were just ok, nothing special. We have had better sandwiches at the celebrity burger places on the strip that were less expensive. With so many places to eat in Las Vegas, this will be the one and only stop here.
We had a great  experience. My husband had a grilled cheese. We shared the wings which are outstanding. They smoke them for two days! Service was great. I will be back to try the baked s'mores.
Ok so I'm a fan of trying new restaurants.  Went with a 3 other people who did not rave about their dishes.  I didn't mind the food overall, and I sampled most dishes.  I had the fried chicken, however not a big fan of the breading.  I also had the appetizer like pork rolls forgot what they were called but those were bomb.  My friend had a burger and fries they thought was descent, another had the chicken fried steak which was alright not a big fan of gravy though, and my other friend had grilled chicken which was cool.  I would go back to try more stuff.  The customer service was amazing. I came maybe there 2nd week of opening and I have a SBE rewards card, they were not set up to give the discount yet however the manager Matt I think his name was took care of it and was really cool.
Excellent food and service.   Busy Friday night, and waters were regularly filled and our server was alway near by.  

The BBQ spring rolls, grilled cheese and fried chicken sliders were amazing.  The fried s'more was simply over the top.  A must order!
Love the open bar right on the strip. If you order beer get the large. It's more like ordering a pitcher then an actually beer stein. Staff was very friendly. Tvs all round to watch the game. Waitress in shorty shorts. Great prices on drinks, food was reasonable as well. Seems more like a local joint then an over done tourist attraction.
Are you hungover? Looking for something to fill your booze-soaked gut? Need a hearty meal to get you back at 100%?

Then look elsewhere.

After an entire day of liver-wrecking, my buddy & I woke late in the day and thought we needed something more substantial than the usual eggs-and-toast breakfast. Since this place is all shiny and new it acted like a beacon, calling out to us to stop in for a bite. The open air seating was attractive since neither of us felt like being too confined. We needed a constant flow of fresh oxygen, even if it was from Vegas' smoky streets. 

I ordered up a Bloody Mary to get things going. The waitress warned me it was spicy, which I didn't consider a problem. What WAS a problem was that it just plain sucked. There wasn't much spice to it, just the overwhelming flavor of BBQ sauce, which someone at some point in time thought was an acceptable ingredient in this drink. I'm not one to leave a wounded soldier to die on my table, but I just could not get this drink down my gullet. And I really tried. 

Both my friend & I ordered the brisket plate. They don't have any lunch specials here, so you're basically forced to order up an entire 1/2 lb. of brisket at once. I opted for the sweet potato fries as a side since everything else looked extremely heavy. 

When they served it up, we immediately felt a wave of regret wash over us. My friend took one look, had a tiny bite of meat, and then decided he was probably going to puke if he kept at it. I covered his plate with a white sheet (napkin) and laid it to rest. 

As for my meal, I didn't fare much better. The brisket itself was plentiful... and plenty lukewarm. There were, what, 5 or 6 other tables occupied here. How exactly did my food come out barely hot? The plate also included things like a parsley bunch and a grilled lemon. Function over form, chefs! WTF am I going to do with a grilled lemon? It's a plate of brisket. I asked the waitress and she said it was for presentation. A better idea? Don't waste lemons on a "presentation" that serves no purpose. 

Even better idea? Don't waste time - and a considerable amount of money - eating here.
HOLY COW! First great spot on the strip, great looking place. BAD: The 19 minutes we wait (after we sat down) for any type of service. Now, ok, maybe nobody saw us. OR the fact that 2 managers were talking less than 6 feet away THE ENTIRE TIME didn't see us too. It's vegas, not too many people are in a rush, and neither were we. So I decided to wait, and wait, and wait, and wait...for 19 minutes. THEN I asked the managers, "Is 20 minutes the right number to wait before service"?. They were sorry, comp'ed 1 drink and went along with their day. BEST PART, I happen to run into another manger weeks later and he offered to show me the right service levels. Maybe I go back, but with so many great places on the strip....maybe not.
Stopped in last week while in town. Also went to Guy Fieri's and , between the two, would be back here again first.

Recently opened about a month ago. Love the open atmosphere overlooking the strip. It's on the west side of LVB (next to Mirage near Diablo's) not east side as the map shows. They've got TVs and a huge screen in the back for sports.

Ordered drinks, BBQ chicken lettuce wraps, nachos and chocolate stuffed cookies. Lettuce wraps were not really BBQ flavored, just grilled but the sweet sauce for them was great. Nachos were good and DID have BBQ and shredded beef in them. Tasty. But hands down the chocolate filled cookies were awesome! Came out hot and oozing chocolate. Save some room or just stuff 'em down. 

Service was prompt, attentive and friendly. Everything came out fast and hot. We'll be back!
Good food, good variety on the menu. Service was good and the atmosphere was perfect for a Saturday afternoon. The prices were about what you would expect for the venue.
Great new restaurant on the Strip!  The swordfish and collards were amazing.... Awesome beer selection, with a 32oz "mug" as the way to go!  The staff was among the best in Vegas!  We'll be back!
Great first impression. There was a gorgeous lady who offered to take our picture before we ate and let us post on Facebook. So fun! We got some blue cocktails. Yummy. And salads are huge! Server was super friendly. Loved the atmosphere and music!
One star for the service and the cocktails.  If you want food, go elsewhere!  My boyfriend and I were excited to try this new place on the strip.  We ordered some large spiked iced tea's that were great.....then our food arrived.  We ordered the fried chicken sliders and when my boyfriend bit into one, it was raw in the middle.  We sent back the slider platter and asked to have bbq beef sliders instead, as there is no way he was trying chicken again.  When the beef sliders arrived, they were about 80% fat.  Not good fat either, but flabby, gelatinous fat.  We didn't eat them, asked for our bill and left.  We were not asked why we didn't eat the beef sliders and we were charged for them after they served us raw chicken.  I loved the cocktail, but that is not enough to go back.
Bleh. Mediocre at best. The server gave us all these suggestions and we were so excited about it. The catfish was under seasoned and the bread was way too sweet (catfish sandwich). And the macaroni looks cafeteria style and too salty. No one was overly happy with their meals but it's not the worse food I ever had. Nonetheless there are much better places to go eat in Las Vegas.
The drinks are pretty cool - there's a large variety. It's great that it's an open-air, open facing restaurant, so it's easily accessible from the Strip. Menu items to try: Mini corn dogs, deviled eggs, mac n cheese, fries, corn chowder. 

The music is a little all over the place so I hope you like a wide variety!
Great atmosphere and great food!  Love the outdoor seating arrangement. Service was great until it came to split the check.  You'd have thought she had to enlist the mayor to break things out.  But overall great service. Will definitely go back next time in town.
I went here for a company outing a few weeks ago. The interior is very well made, with TVs laid out in every corner and it was really easy to see the basketball game that was on from any angle. I'd say it's a pretty cool venue to watch a game. I had a Heineken and a Double Barrel Burger that costs roughly $30. It's a venue on the Strip so everything is going to be kind of a rip off. :D

The burger was seriously one of the best I've had. Don't know if it contained kobe meat (probably not) but it was so well made. I would go back just for the burger. Fries are A-OK and nothing special. No garlic fries which is a bummer. I didn't have the tea but my co-worker said it was pretty good. He also said the BBQ sliders were great.

If you're wandering in the area and hungry for a bite, I think this is a good choice. I would come for the burger and to catch a game but it was pretty crowded that day. If you don't mind a crowd, then it's a good choice.
This place was pretty cool.  What I liked most was the atmosphere.  Completely open to the strip.  It was a little expensive but great appetizers and beer.  The nachos were delicious. Walked by later on and a girl was dancing on the bar.  Missed that show for my meal.
If you are looking for a cool place to watch the games on the strip that has great cocktails and really good food, this is it! I love the fact that whether you are seated inside or outside you still have a pretty good  view of all the TV's and you don't feel like you are missing anything. 

The service is really good and the servers are pretty attentive. I have been there 3 times and will definitely be back. 

I you happen to go you must have the corn dogs, deviled eggs, wings and nachos!
I heard about the recent opening of this restaurant in front of Monte Carlo.  We went last Saturday for dinner with hubby.  It's southern style with lots of TV's everywhere.  Very open space between the patio to inside dining.  The staff are nice. We had a nice waiter, Kevin and suggested some tasty drinks, kiwi something and double barrel drink.  Both drinks were very refreshing in a small mason jars.  The drinks are kinda pricey $14 each and it's nothing new in Vegas,  Next we ordered wings $14 and it taste like honey sweets.  I wished it was fried all well.  Then we ordered catfish sandwiched in texas bread $16 and country fried steak $22.  My sandwich had a nice spicy kick and huge.  My husband's country fried steak looks good and huge with tasty mash potatoes.  Kevin is good on refills and other staff are good at picking up the empty plates.  We also ate a dessert double fried smores $8 and it looked good.  If you need to wash your hands, its a communal sink with each sexes have their own toliets.  I wish the ladies would gabble in the toilet not at the sink.  That was annoying.  Otherwise I had a nice experience there.  Kinda pricey and easy spend over $100 and they accept Mlife card to get points.
It's a great venue to catch live sports or even live entertainment. Open spacing, with bars that open out to the strip. It's perfect for people watching due to ample patio seating. It's your American fare cuisine with a twist on bar food. All the meat items such as the wings, meatloaf, pork are sautéed in a barbecue sauce base. It definitely adds a hint of sweetness to the taste of foods especially if it's fried. They have happy hour and great cocktails, the spiked tea is a must try because it's presented in mason jar. Also, the lemon merengue dessert is a standout item! Did I mention they serve Badoit, I was pretty impressed :-).
Great place to watch the game and love music.  Nachos were gross - too sweet! Sweet nachos?
You comped us 2 dinners out of 6.  You forgot 2 drinks out 6.  Your busboys were very good but your waiter was in the weeds. Wanted it to be better.
We went in because someone was handing out 2 for 1 drink cards on The Strip.  I wish I would have paid full price somewhere else.  They put the normal amount of alcohol but split it between two drinks.  Not to mention the service was awful.  Not busy, but I had to walk up to someone to get the check after waiting for 15 minutes trying to make eye contact with someone...anyone.  There are plenty of places on The Strip, stay away from this one.
I really wanted this place to be amazing, and I'll tell you the food looked amazing it just didn't taste as good. 

We came here for dinner and drinks and had a nice waiter who must have had a few too many customers to handle, we waited about 20 minutes to get the drinks we ordered. While we waited though we had some great conversation and enjoyed looking around the bar and people watching. 

We ended up ordering some beers and we were really thrilled that they had Stiegl Grapefruit Radlers here- it's a fantastic beer for the hot Vegas weather. 

While the drinks were great, we ended up ordering the barrel fried chicken to share after we saw the really cool barrel serving tray they use to display the meal. The chicken came out and smelled amazing, unfortunately it ended up being more breading and fat than chicken. The fries and biscuits were great, but we ended up avoiding the chicken. 

I want to say I'd give this restaurant another try, but with so many options in Vegas I think I'll pass, unless I want another refreshing radler.
Really wanted to love this place but it just didn't happen.  Great decor and wonderful location. Got a seat right up front which was great for people viewing which we did a lot of while we wanted an overly long time for our meal. 

Drinks were ok. Mine was wrong. 

Fried chicken was not good.  Far too much breading on tiny pieces of chicken. The chicken was served in a GIANT contraption that totally blocked the view of our dinner companions sitting across from us. When we were done no one bother to clear our plates or take the behemoth serving sculpture away. When I asked for it to be removed, the waitress just looked at me, smiled and said I wish I could, and walked off. 

Luckily Hodor later came to pick it up. He had made regular appearances throughout the night to spill water and food on us every single time he came to the table. 

What a shame.  Far too many other great places to eat to try this one again.  However, if you are determined to give it a try, do it quick - I can't see this place being around for too long.
I haven't eaten here so cannot attest to their food quality but this place is fun for a bar stop along the strip.  Been here twice and had fun.  Both times the DJ's were pretty good and kept the party going. They have go go dancers handing out shots for tips and dancing on the bar tops.  Drinks are standard...I think $11 for a vodka soda.  Not weak.  The second time we went there was the absolutely obnoxious girl MC'ing, if that's what you can call it.  Talking about virgins and circle jerking?  Um, I get that this is Vegas but she was just weird....like our WHOLE group, all 7 of us, desperately wanted her to shut up.  My advice Double Barrel? Get rid of the annoying girl that never stops talking, keep your DJ's and go go dancers and we'll be back.
Best nachos ive ever had fully loaded and stuffed mushrooms to die for. Lettuce wraps are Fab too dont have a bad word to say about this place
It looked like a cool spot for drinks n appetizers.  I'm all about customer service and this place was horrible. They seemed so unorganized and our original waiter never came back to take our order.  The current server was nice so I appreciated that.
Service was extremely slow. It was 20 minutes before our drinks order was taken. Drinks were very slow to arrive too. Meals arrived and my sliders were cold. No water was available on the table. Overall, quite disappointing. 

Upside - location was good.
Came in on a coupon which read buy one cocktail get one free of equal or lesser value! My friend and I were stoked! We sit down in the bar area and the host quickly tells us we can't sit there because we aren't ordering food. Okay fine whatever so we order some nachos. Literally didn't see the server after that for about 25 minutes and it looked like she was he only server for the ENTIRE place. People were getting up and leaving because they never saw a service. We theeeeeen order our second drink and she tells is she can't give is the same drink for free...it can only be a beer or a regular well drink. I'm confused...it says buy one get one free and I correct?? Odd. The only reason for the two stars is because the nachos were amazing! Good job kitchen...shit front of the house
To start, I don't know how the service somewhere can get much worse unless they spit in your food, tell you about it, and tell you to eff off. We ordered 2 grilled cheese sandwiches in an attempt to have a "quick meal" before hitting the pool. We chose this spot on the advice of the MGM concierge, our main criteria being somewhere in walking distance that is "outside with strip view." That pretty much explains the best attribute of the Double Barrel Roadhouse in 4 words. 

After 30 minutes, we inquired into the existence of our grilled cheeses. I am positive this is when our order first made it to the kitchen. Another 15 minutes later, we had to walk inside to complain about waiting 45 minutes for a grilled cheese. 20 minutes later, still no grilled cheese. You would think they would make it a priority after MULTIPLE complaints. The place was more than half empty. After speaking with the manager, I explained as politely as possible that it's just 4 pieces of bread and cheese with some avocado and bacon inside and not duck a l'Orange. Following such a complaint, it should have been made within 10 minutes. Over an hour after our arrival, and after watching the table next to us sit, order, eat, pay, and leave, we had our sandwiches. I am adding the 2nd star because they actually tasted really good, despite being VERY heavy, and because the manager comped our meal, which included 2 beers. Of course they also got our bill completely wrong, which added to their reasons for comping our meal. The manager claimed he "doesn't know what went wrong" with the hour plus wait for our simple meal. Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food. When this place closes down soon, I will definitely "know what went wrong" with it.
Gave this place a try. I had a coupon for buy any cocktail of your choice get 1 free. No exclusions listed. However, I quickly learned from the bitchy bartender that the specialty cocktails were excluded. We ordered bloody marys and they were awful! Tasted like I was drinking bbq sauce with a shot of vodka. Gross. Hated the vibe. Rude service. I wanted to like this place since I stay at the Monte Carlo frequently,  but I predict this place will either close soon or only have the Bud light crowd from the Midwest. I had another coupon and gave it away. A free drink wouldn't keep me at the bar, and I'm a drinker. The bloody mary was so bad, I cannot imagine the food. Dont waste your time or money. Btw, who has a bloody mary specialty and then opens at 11:30? Lame.
The LIoness of Leith (or LoL) has just opened on Duke Street.

This is a new cool bar / restaurant in Leith serving great food and drinks. Joseph Malik is the head chef and he also owns Safari Lounge, so I was excited to try out the food.

I had a half pint of strong apple cider to start with. I could have been drinking apple juice for all I knew, it tasted so light, but beware it's 7.2% so it can be deceptive!

I shared a starter of beef carpaccio which was nice, it had a home made feel to it.

My main course was wiener schnitzel, which is my secret love. I love a schnitzel - who doesn't? It came with apple and carrot slaw which was delicious. The schnitzel itself was fine, tasty enough. A side of rosemary roasties was also ordered.

I was too full to have a dessert, but my friend had cardamom pears with candied nuts. I had a little taste of it and it was enjoyable, though the cardamom taste wasn't particularly strong.

I like this new bar. What I like is that they have something a little bit different on the menu (both food and drink menus) that you don't necessarily get elsewhere. 
The food and drink is also reasonably prized, e.g. half pint of apple cider only £2.

On weekends the Lioness serves brunches and sunday roasts which I want to sample soon as the menu looked delicious, with things like 'Eggs Irvine Welsh' (scrambled duck eggs served with chipotle pepper) to name an example.
They have just opened to the public and got their license a day before that. Thus they are still trying hard to get the correct system in place.  Some of the beers were not on yet,and some of the wine hadn't arrived. That said, they are a very friendly and helpful bunch. The staff is lovely and sweet! 

The atmosphere is a pub, a brownish one. The decorations are a well though out mismatch of grafittied walls to taxidermied exotic animals. 

We noticed that there are a few elements not so well though out. The lack of coat hooks for one. This means people use the sofas or the back of chairs to leave their coat, and discovering the second flaw - balance. The chairs are not designed to have a heavy coat on them, so they tend to topple over. Minor but noticable inconvenience. I think they need to change the seats/ supply pillows.. but that could just be me. 

The good points are the staff, prices for the food, cocktails and other drinks. Also the menu is slightly different than the usual fares you get. I loved their chef's handrolled sausage and vodka infused fennel. And the rosemary roasties were a treat! 

It was nice of one of the chefs and owner; Joseph Malik, to come out and have a little chat with us and plug their brunch menu as well. And that looks delicious. 
 
I do like it here and have already staked my favourite seat(s) in the house.
Can Leith stand another pub? Well, maybe yes from my first couple of experiences of the just opened Lioness of Leith (LOL).  In terms of location and market LOL squeezes in between the Parlour (which will suffer most from LOL's arrival), the Swedish bars (Victoria and Boda) and Compass/Nobles on Constitution St.  I dont think it comes close to the Vintage in terms of booze and food (which is my benchmark Leith bar) but equally its got a cool factor the Vintage lacks.  It should do well with its friendly service, great food, decent (but not great) beers, good cocktails, family friendly, decent sized space etc.  It has a pinball machine and a retro video game.

So far the big plus is the food.  The wiener schnitzel is already a hit with those who've had it.  The steaks look great as do the roasts (there is a rotisserie set up at weekend) .  In passing, I am so pleased to see that the tradition of a good roast is beginning to make its mark on Scottish bars.  I have tended to think of this as an English pub or a Beefeater chain thing but there is no reason not to see it more regularly in good local bars.

I am a BIG fan of LOL's sister bar the Safari Lounge and if LOL can take some of that vibe and develop some of its own style then it will become a very popular Leith destination bar.  There is a bit of a buzz at the moment since it is new but the test is in Feb/March when we see who chooses to spend there time here rather than in the other good bars mentioned above.  I hope LOL does well.
Had a fantastic sunday lunch here with a full Chicken joyfully torn apart by myself and my SO. We had each of the sides which were perhaps a touch on the expensive side however when taken into account with the value of the actual chicken and the evident quality of all the ingredients involved, I'll take it. As much food as I could put in me (and she could stuff in her) with a drink each was about £33. I reckon for sunday lunch that's pretty decent.

Beers wise these guys need to have a think about their keg selection although I get the idea that they are either tied into one or two breweries through the premesis or that that they're just finding their feet. Good to see Thistly Cross and Barneys Beer, Be nice to see something a touch more interesting on one of the keg lines. 

The pub itself is big and spacious and feels airy even when full thanks to the massive windows.  Really enjoyed my time there and the brunch does look delicious so I imagine I'll be back soon!
I feel i ought to give this place a second visit as I went for lunch and don't actually have a great sense for the place as a pub. anyway:

So the lioness has a very child of the 80s aesthetic. Arcade game machine by the door, big boom boxes hanging from the ceiling. This place has certainly managed to shake off whatever lingering clientele there might have been from whatever it was before and has established itself as a place for trendy folk with cash to splash. It's a big open bar, i'd love it if they did events where they cleared away all the tables and had a big dance space. The main bar is probably somewhere in the region of 25m^2 so could be fun. I didn't particularly like the rustic tables they have here. the table edges are too rough and I could feel the skin being grated off my arms through the meal. They're also not level, not idea for tall drinks at all.

Firstly i had a pint of the house beer, a light lagery thing that was entirely drinkable. Perhaps not to the taste of people who want a pint with a great deal of depth, but I suspect it would be a great post work pint. I didn't ever get close to the bar to inspect what drinks are on offer at large, the taps looked a little lacking in variety, fairly typical euro imports for the most part although i did see some barney's on the right.

The menu seems a little impenetrable at first, there is none of your typical pub grub affair here, and perhaps some of the descriptions are suffering from being a little too wordy. That said the staff are happy to explain various things to you so you don't order something you don't want by accident. I had a lovely little chorizo and capers starter, but my risotto main was lacking something. Perhaps some crunchy roasted pumpkin seeds or something. The dessert i had was pretty excellent however. Poached pairs with, get this, cardamon custard croquettes. Light, sweet, spiced; heaven I tell you.

I want to come back to this place to drink rather than eat so i can get a full measure of the joint, but I'm positive it'll be to my liking. That said I am fussy about my pubs...


*edit*
I popped in for brunch with a yelpy bunch today and was very please with my brunch roll thing. Delicious filling although the roll was a scone which just plain confused me. What was really lovely is the facilities they have for kids. A gorgeous kids menu and tasty food for little mouths too.
Oh, it's so very cool here - I love the bright walls and the wacky decoration (a stuffed antelope head on the wall adorned with a tacky tiara sums the place up pretty perfectly) and the retro arcade game. I also love the sense of space.

The brunch menu is limited, and of the four options, two appealed to me: the Mary Moriarty (poached eggs and smoked salmon on a brioche bun) and the Eggs Irvine Welsh (scrambled with chorizo, I think). I plumped for the MM, but I was surprised to find the salmon cold. To be fair to them, it was clearly meant to be - not a case of "outrage! My dish arrived cooled down!" More a case of "that's a bit odd, with hot eggs." Maybe just me, but I wasn't sure about it. The brioche bun was very nice - again not my expectation - I think of brioche as super soft and fluffy and this was toasted to rock-like crunch - but pleasant.

Our waiter was very perky and achingly cool in style; big plus points for dealing with a confused rabble of brunch-hungry Yelpers on a Saturday morning with such efficiency and cheer.

All in all, I had a lovely brunch, but I think much of that was related to the lovely company. I'll be happy to go back and try it again to see how it fares in a less brunchy situation because it really is a very nice spot.
My kinda place, thanks to Rayan D. for setting up a Saturday brunch here!

There was a slight initial misstep, in that our first round of drinks went undelivered, but the friendliness of the service more than made up for the slight mistake.

The only other slight curiosity is in ordering one of their bloody mary's I was asked how spicy I would like it... as anyone who knows me would expect, I ordered the hottest possible and was even warned by the waitress that it was going to be "extremely hot" when it was delivered... somehow, to the point I'm wondering if there was a mix-up, it was not spicy at all... as in I'm not saying that because I love spice and it wasn't spicy enough, it literally lacked any kick whatsoever... to the point I'm wondering if there was a mix-up somehow.  That said, it definitely got an A+ for presentation... if I find myself here on a weekend morning again I might give it another go directly from the bar.

As for the food, between three of us we had a sharing platter and two of the egg dishes, the Mary Moriarty and Eggs Irvine Welsh... all three were winners, with a special nod to the sharing plater and the Mary Moriarty.  (The Eggs Irvine Welsh wasn't bad, I would just choose the Mary Moriarty over it personally.)  Some of our group opted for the roast chicken, which I believe normally requires four to order... it definitely looked like it was worth a try, but having lived in Yorkshire for so long I tend to skip any type of roast lunches if there's something a bit more adventurous on offer.

The decor and vibe of the place were spot on... no complaints to be had, I personally love a rustic retro chic vibe.

As an example of the level of service, after the majority of our group left another large group was seated next to my two cohorts and I... after a while more members of that group arrived and the waiter very kindly asked us if we would be willing to move later if he topped up our beers.  We explained we were happy to move when the time came, and that no top-up was required... after moving and denying two top-ups of beer the gentlemen came by with three shots of jaeger as a thanks for moving without a fuss... as you can guess, we graciously accepted these... I mean, he had already poured them, it would have been rude not to.

I guess one of the best compliments I can pay to this place is that I wished it weren't so far away from where I'm located as I stand envious of those that can call it a local stop... still, it was worth the journey and I definitely look forward to returning for another lazy weekend lunch or perhaps even dinner in the future.
I really liked this place! Tucked up a street at the Foot of the Walk, opposite the big Tesco, it might seem out the way but open that corner door and you step into a spacious, chilled bar and eaterie that was the perfect hideaway on a wet winter's night.

The big thing that I remember is the two barmen and staff were so super friendly. So much so that I kinda want to go back just to get such great banter and warm smiles.

My hand rolled Italian sausage was nice. A little dry, but it was gluten free and given that most sausages aren't gluten free, I was a happy chappy! The garlic and rosemary roast potatoes I ordered on the side were DIVINE. I wouldn't be surprised if they were twice roasted, or fried, or made delicious. So crispy and fluffy.

A nice bar, well worth checking out. The menu doesn't have nachos or burgers, but the prices are still affordable. A bit fancier pub grub with nice prices, ace!
I have heard good things about this place and it certainly looks intriguingly cool from the outside. Alas, the food and the prices were where it all fell apart. My daughter had a vegetarian risotto that was well-prepared but the portion was dinky £7.50. My husband had a cauliflower cheese that he liked but it was not anything special £7.50. I ordered a fish of the day. It was something called a gurnard. This came entire on a plate. Was very bony and had some small worms we discovered after I ate what I could of it. I cannot say I enjoyed this thing, however sustainable a choice of fish it may be. It came with cooked, curly kale, minted peas and a dollop of potatoes which were okay. £12.95. My youngest asked for her usual, plain, buttered pasta. This was fine but they charged £4.95 for this until we mentioned how unfair that seemed. To their credit, they removed it from the bill. All the same. Our bill was over £40 with the drinks and we came away somewhat unsatisfied. A shame. There are clearly some good cooks in the kitchen but portion sizes on the big meat dishes we saw go by were immense compared to what the vegetarians were offered. It seemed punitive in a way. Not sure I will try it again, even though the atmosphere was rather nice. Oh well.
Checked this place out last night; just round the corner... seemed appropriate. Came away with good and bad points.

THE GOOD
- Funky, spacious bar with lots to look at.
- Trendy, friendly staff, happy to have a chat.
- Perfectly satisfying food.
- FREE Street Fighter arcade machine (for all the VG geeks out there, it's actually Alpha Zero, but I digress....)

THE BAD
- Only bourbons on offer were Maker's Mark, Bulleit and Wild Turkey. None of which are anywhere near the top of my Bourbon List (yes, I have a Bourbon List, with capital letters and everything..... What?)
- I'm not a fan of being asked how my food is after one bite and these guys asked a couple times. I like to just eat my meal in peace and will say something if it's not to my liking. If ask you must, then ask when you're collecting the empty plate... if the empty plate isn't clue enough.
- Bit pricey for what you get. I had the Guinea Fowl, which was tasty, but paid £12 for the pleasure, which I found a few quid too steep. Reminded me of the Fountain in that the food (although satisfying) isn't of the same standard the price sets.

A cool hangout for sure, but not going to be first on my mind due to the lack of tasty bourbons. Get some Eagle Rare in and all is forgiven!
Popped in for a pint on a rainy Saturday night and the general impression was of a place still in the phase of initial popularity as there wasn't a seat to be had around ten pm. 
Plumped for a bottled Australian beer as there didn't seem to be any real ales on tap so confirmation of that, paying a visit when it's emptier and having a look at the menu are all factors that will see me make a second visit in the near future.
In traditional Stephanie style I am giving this place five stars because this shit is on DUKE STREET. Admittedly, I am a new Leither, I'm not sure I am even a Leither, being that I live in Craigentinney (next Yelp goal is to review all the places here). But, I have been known to scuttle my way to Duke Street when I need: 

A: Wetherspoons breakfast for under £3
B: Discount books, because on Duke Street ALL the good books are still on the shelves at the charity shop. 
C: Tesco 

But never, never have I been known to go to Duke St. for a really nice meal. 

In a terrifying turn of events in my life, my boyfriend's mother is moving to the UK. She was roaming around England looking for massive Tudor mansions (I imagine, I have no idea) when she decided to come up and visit her son for a few nights. I... happen to live with her son. So she, happened to be sleeping on my couch for the weekend. 

We decided that The Lioness had gotten reviews that were acceptable to bring a massively picky English lady (my words, not his). 

We were SO right. For less than £10 each (not Wetherspoon's, prices, but what is?) we had a fantastic fantastic meal. I ordered the fish, she ordered some sausages and he got some game bird... but really it was so difficult to decide. I wanted a plate of all of it. We had amazingly delicious cocktails and fancy free water (free water is key).  

And it was good. Not take away chips and curry good. Not burgers at Holyrood 9A good, it was like fancy restaurant on George St. good... and it was on Duke Street. Until Duke St. is lined with high end restaurants that I can bring my boyfriend's slightly terrifying mother to... LOL - you're five stars in my book.
Daura Damm GF beer available and for a first visit, this pleased me a lot!

I don't find myself in Leith that often and although we've had a few brunches in Leith, I've always found the menu's to be lacking in GF friendliness so I've tended to avoid.

The Lioness is one of the new gang of pubs which have opened over the last year or so. All reclaimed furniture, lots of wood and even a pinball machine you can sit at. We of course sat at the pinball machine for novelty value but not the most comfortable as I hate sitting on stools.

So, GF beer available - yay! We grabbed some quick snacks - chips which were ok and nothing outstanding hence the three stars. If I'm in the area then I probably would pop back and try some more of the menu as there were GF friendly dishes listed and maybe will increase the star rating.
I think 3 stars is about right for this place.

Personally, I think there's too many similar bars popping up in Edinburgh with similar decor and drinks etc but what makes others better is their menus and to a lesser extent, the price.  There's been a couple of times I've been hungry but just don't fancy the limited choices at the weekend. 

There's also been a few times where I've popped in only to find that all the tables are reserved with no one actually sitting at them. This is not the only bar that has this policy in place though  it is annoying and these places are losing custom because of it.
First time here , I was advised by a friend, I like Mediterranean cuisine Italian to lebanese , The outside is well lite and you can see the name of the restaurant from far, I got a warm welcome and sat down by the bar where Joel and Anthony greeted me and introduced themself , asa first timer I ask for the food menu and Anthony sugested a few things also let met taste some wine a very unique Blend of shiraz, sauvignon frank and cavernet sauvignon medium body slightly sweet and hint of spices,  after that I tried the Hummus which was very nicely done a creamy puree of the garbanzo and lemon juice fresh
After that I tried the Kebbeh Senieh a Ground beef mixed cracked wheat spices onions pine nuts baked and served with a cucumber yogurt ,and side of steamed vegetables Anthony suggested a side of spicy chilli. sauce which gave it a whole new taste , a fresh soft to the palate but with a hit of spice from. the chilli, over all a great experience at Naya , I will be back for more for sure.
Tonight was the 3rd night Naya has been open.

1.  Service was excellent. Amanda did a super job.
2.  Menu contained many compelling entrees:
     A.  Wife had lamb chops.  Loved them
     B.  I had Jenne's Penne.  OMG.  THE BEST!
3.  Portions very generous.
4.  Priced more than right.
5.  Drinks were right as too volume.
 
My wife and I eat out very often. We think we have a feel for what a nice meal should cost.

After our meal, we both thought of what would be a good value would be for our 
4 drinks...2 appetizers...2 entrees...one desert...one soft drink.  We agreed that $135.00 is about what the meal should have cost....not counting tip.

The bill arrived and it was $98.00 (not counting tip) and we were very pleasantly surprised.

Will we go back?  Not until next week.

Naya will be a success. 

Larry

PS  Our server apologized for taking a few minutes too long to get our drinks.  She told us upfront that this was the crew's third night of being open...and things might take a bit longer.  

She told us this BEFORE the fact and before we got antsy.  Her telling us upfront saved us the aggravation of wondering "WTF."
Beautiful place... Great ambiance and quality food. Had the mixed kabab and it was awesome. Will be back very soon
Really good Middle Eastern fare in more of a white tablecloth environment. 

Service was excellent -- charming and attentive hostess and server. It's a beautiful room/space, set up for "energy" (i.e. open and noisy -- with techno-ey music playing) rather than intimacy. Menu is interesting mix of middle eastern and Italian (clams and mussel dishes next to the babagnoush and kebabs). We started with an order of the falafel, which was really terrific. Comes with tahini but no pita (server: "don't worry, I'll bring some out for you"). Entrees are large portions. My kibbeh was really good; meaty, crunchy and loaded with spices. Wifey loved her moussaka. Beautiful bar. Nice that they had some craft-y beers (Four Peaks Kiltlifter, Anchor Steam) to go with the traditional nasty Bud/Miller/Coors.

Good stuff.
Ok definitely the worst restaurant I have been to in Scottsdale!!!  The service is slow!!!! They messed up every single item we ordered. The restaurant had a terrible draft and the food was mediocre. 
I would never ever go here again!  Many better options for Mediterranean food in Scottsdale. A definite add to the must miss list. Blech.
Our meal on Saturday night was a disaster from start to finish. We arrived for our 7PM reservation and stood waiting at the door for over ten minutes while cold gusts of wind hit us each time the door opened. It also gave us a chance to hear the awful electronic piano music which was way too loud.

Seated at our table near the kitchen we sensed that providing good service and preparing and serving acceptable food would be a challenge in a room that was filled to it's over 200 seat capacity. Our harried waitress was pleasant but not suited to the task. She was clumsy at taking our order and never cleared a dish or made sure that our table was cleared when needed. Our baba ghanouj appetizer was a tasteless, watery mess accompanied by pieces of pita bread that were equally bland and tasteless. Over an hour into our sitting the main courses had not arrived. Our waitress seemed aware of the delay and the owner stopped by our table to apologize for the delay. When our main courses came out we were really dismayed. My wife's salmon was a tail piece sliced so thin that there was no chance of it not being overcooked. My kafta kabob looked like the charred remains of something deposited in a dog park. The rice was pasty and the vegetables were limp zucchini, red peppers and onions scooped from a vat. After the waitress tried to replace my wife's salmon with an equally bad piece, the owner came over to tell us we would not be charged for our meal.

Bottom line. Nice people who have no clue of how to run a restaurant on the scale of Naya. It is a big room and they do not know how to manage it. The food is dreadful and I have no reason to believe that they know how to do better. Stay away.
A lot of people will probably try it because it's new and there aren't any up-market med places in the area, but I don't see this place lasting. It's expensive for what you get and the food is unremarkable. Hummus was fine. Chicken kebab plate was ok, spinach pie appetizer not good and the worst part is that the pita was hard and seemingly stale. You couldn't even open it, immediately upon delivery to the table. So the fact that the pita portion was very skimpy didn't bother us because we didn't want it anyway. Not sure if they changed anything about the decor since it was Bloom or Cask or whatever last. The wait staff was nice. The wait for the food, however was very long. Even though you can excuse that because the place is new, there was hardly anyone there, so it shouldn't have taken 20+ minutes to get a hummus appetizer.We'll stick with our old stand-by, Pita House, which would be perfect if there was an outdoor are that was hookah smoke free or an indoor area that didn't give you the creeps. Food-wise, it's way better.
The food was great, the bar is beautiful and the wait staff was very friendly and attentive. The food is Mediterranean, it's a mix of middle eastern and italian food. Very traditional and you can taste the the quality and freshness in each dish. I would definitelyrecommend it to my family and friends.
Walked in on saturday night. Restaurant half empty but was turned away cuz no reservation (along with 2 other parties)! Promptly booked reservations on opentable and got seated. Food good but service and general operations will doom this place to a short life:(
Many excellent Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants inPhoenix. 
This is NOT one.
Prices are low, they match the quality.

FOOD:  
Descriptions fine -  results  AWFUL: 
-Spinach Pie - crust was cardboard;
- Kebbah Senieh - dreadful dry mashup with overpowering cinnamon; 
- Lamb Chops - two thin fatty chops with barely any meat on them; 
- Chicken Marsala - thin chicken breast had never been near marsala wine, covered with canned mushrooms ; 
- Desserts -  no menu, no dessert tray, just trust the server!

SERVICE: 
Server was busy with her other job, didn't listen to what we wanted, 
didn't check how our food tasted. 
Wait staff  better, filled glasses, asked before clearing plates.

Not what you'd expect from a Fox restaurant.
Exceptional food. Great bar and dining room. Do yourself a favor and ask your server for THE CHEF's TASTING EXPERIENCE. It will not be offered to you but ASK and just relax and enjoy!! Absolutely amazing.
This place is AMAZING! The food has exceptional flavor and is very authentic. The Chef's Choice (which is not offered on the menu) is worth asking for. You will be served  nothing but the best & guaranteed satisfaction! By far the BEST Mediterranean cuisine ever!!
Beautiful place. I was there last night for birthday dinner, Love the appetizers( hummus, baba ghanouj) , kafta kebab, fatoush and ladyfinger for desert. 
The best Mediterranean Cusine in Arizona!
Don't let one persons bad experience divert you from trying this place. First the decor is great. Lots of inside seating, full bar and outdoor seating as well. The staff is very friendly! Most importantly the food was delicious!! We came for lunch, had a number of different things to include dessert. Everything was fresh. You owe it to yourself to try this place.
Best Mediterranean restaurant in AZ! Everything tasted so authentic and the menu had a nice variety from mostly Lebanese to some Italian dishes. The steak hummus is a must and the sujuk  and makanek are unbelievable. Don't miss out on one of the best dinning experience ever.
The food here was amazing.  I especially liked the keybeh neyah.  I definitely recommend this place for great food.
The service and food here was amazing.  The decor is very nice and classy.  I will definitely come back.
Looked for a new place for lunch today. I love Mediterranean food and thought we would try this place out. The service was good but the food was sub par. Hummus needs more garlic and lemon :(
Great new restaurant in Scottsdale! Service was fantastic and the food was very good. 

For an appetizer, we shared the grape leaves and Falafel. Both were very tasty! I had the pan seared salmon for a main course - I loved it, it was very well prepared and served with carrots and rice. My boyfriend had the grilled chicken - it was good, a little bland but I prefer that to places that cover their food in sauces. 

Always nice to find restaurants that support local growers and use quality ingredients. 

Very cute atmosphere, reasonable prices, and a great dining experience. We'll be back!
Great new place. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was incredible an unique. So tired of the same steak and sides. Ugh! 
This place was refreshing and beautiful. Great date place!
Three women having a fun night out! We ate "girly food", (meaning nothing but appetizers)! Each appetizer was absolutely delicious and unique. Also had a nice bottle of wine. Great service, great appetizers and next time I will try a meal! The décor is beautiful!!!
I ate here a few weeks ago with a group of eight.  I often order two appetizers rather than an entree because I like to taste as many things as possible.  I decided to have the Mezza Combo for two (hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, tabbouleh salad and olives) and the Makanek (Lebanese sausage w/fries and garlic sauce). 

The sausage and fries had what was likely a sauce from the pan drippings and it was so good I couldn't stop eating it.    I know that some things are a matter of taste but I particularly liked the tabbouleh because it didn't have too much lemon or parsly but was still well seasoned.   In most restaurants that I've had grape leaves they've always been too acetic for my taste but these were not.  I was also able to have a taste of the cheese fatayer (filo dough stuffed with halloumi cheese/herbs and baked).  I will order it the next time I go here.

The rest of the group also had several appetizers and wine.  Everyone was happy with their selections. I don't drink at all if I'm driving but some of my friends are okay with having a glass of wine with dinner and driving.  From their comments this was one area where the restaurant could probably improve.  None of them were particularly happy with the selection and had to taste a couple of wines before finding one acceptable and there are not super picky people.
The Shops at Gainey is loaded with new restaurants. This area of Scottsdale has discriminating customers to be sure.
Met a Ph.d friend of ours  for lunch and had a nice table at the big picture window. Will want to return again as we were fully ensconsed in chat most of the time.
This place does have potential as the decor and menu are very nice and the prices fair.
We had issues with the waiter who had a little attitude and did not fully grasp the idea of an experiential customer experience.
This is ok as we did not arrive to be pampered either.  In the end though, he got "creative" with our check.
Once we noticed this we asked to see Mike Hamati the Manager on duty.
He was none too thrilled and did the right thing for us.

For this reason we will return as the Mediterranean plate among other items is well prepared.

Just have you "readers' on when you review your check..
The food was very good, but what made this place stand out was the exceptional service! 

We sat outside and our waiter Damien was extremely attentive and polite. My boyfriend and I were very impressed with his customer service!!! This is what bumped the rating up to 5 stars!!

Tip: fabulous hummus!
My dad was in town and wanted to take me, my husband, and our two year old out for dinner.  Thank goodness I made reservations because we showed up and it was their grand opening!  I was amazed at how well they handled everything on such a busy night.  Our server went above and beyond to make sure we were happy and everyone loved what they ordered.  My dad got the salmon, and my husband and I shared the lamb.  Delish!  We will be back.
Wow, this was a fantastic dining experience. Not only is the restaurant itself beautiful, but the ambience is excellent and my wife and I were absolutely blown away by the food. We started with the steak hummus which was fantastic - my wife isn't a huge hummus fan, but she loved this...always a good sign. Our best decision of the night, however, was splitting the mixed grill for dinner - chicken, lamb and two kinds of beef served with veggies and Israeli cous cous...each of them was unique, all of them were delicious. This was a perfect way to get a feel for the range of the menu. We are definitely going to be back here sooner than later!
Ordered chicken dishes both plates had undercooked chicken, manager changed it but not to fond of havin undercooked poultry, menu is pretty small not much of variety
The food was OK but there is very little in the way of mediterranean dishes on the lunch menu.  A couple of salads but no meat dishes.  The rest of the lunch items were Italian dishes.  Very strange.
Great Location, great atmosphere. But that is where it ends. Twice the price as Eden's Grill.  Small portions. We were excited for the special feature on Saturday evenings menu Paella $49.00 entree was very bland & would have tasted better if it were cooked in Rice-a Roni. Another Scottsdale restaurant that will come & go.
We won't be back
Prices might be a little on the high side for the actual food on the menu/plate, but it's fairly decent Arabic food.  Service was good, but I would have preferred a bit more middle eastern flair for the atmosphere.  Had the chicken kabobs and fattoush salad...solid order.  Next time, I am just going to order there entire apps menu as they all sounded great!  Hope this place survives.  If not, find a cheaper location, dial up the middle eastern/Lebanese atmosphere and deliver same quality for half the price.
the food was good and had very nice presentation.
we had: 
mezza combo
steak and hummus
fried kebbeh
makanek
falafel
mossaka

its more expensive than what i thought it would be.
Checked out Naya Mediterranean Cuisine for lunch recently. We ordered the Mezza Combo which came with Hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves and tabboleh salad to start. For my entree I had the Salmon Salad which was served with seasonal baby greens with aged balsamic honey vinaigrette topped with pan seared salmon. The salad was good, but my salmon was super fishy and not what I would expect from a $16.00 salad. 

I would be interested in coming back here and checking out their dinner menu, maybe I came on an off day. Service was fantastic though and the decor was simply stunning!
Thank god the food was great! Service was so bad!
This place was just okay.  The food I felt was mediocre however the service was very good.  There was no one in the restaurant when I went which seemed a little bizarre.  I had the chicken kabob and it wasn't that great.  The chicken seemed a little dry and kinda bland. Overall just average.
My family wanted to try this place so I went along even though I really wanted Italian food. We walked in and I was instantly pleased-dim, romantic lighting accompanied with a beautiful bar, outside patio, and really comfy booths. I even noticed a private dining room in the corner for events. 

To make a long story short, I got my Italian fix-I ordered Jene's penne and it was so delicious! It was covered in a white Bianca sauce which had a bacon aftertaste, so yummy. I tasted my family's plates which were more geared towards the Lebanese culture-kifta kabob, chicken skewers, tikka, tabbouleh, hummus, and fettush. All were fabulous!

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who asked about Lebanese food. If you have the pleasure to meet the owner because he is very sweet and hospitable (I forgot to catch his name!
Wow.. The ambiance very modern and romantic .. And they have live jazz music going that complements everything .. We will be back!
Came from LA where we had many options for mediterranean food. This was nothing short of fantastic!!!  I will be back for sure and I'm not always easily impressed.  These guys did it right!
First time we have been here.  It was everything we could have hoped for. We started with appetizers. Hummus was good. Mussels were different than we usually see and very good. Tabbouleh was the best I can recall...ever. My entree was a kafta kebab with beef and I enjoyed its flavor. Lots of pepper if that bothers the reader. My wife had kebbeh and enjoyed it a lot. We had bismati rice as a starch and julianned carrots and zucchini as vegetable.  The only problem in the entire meal is the vegetables were barely warm with everything else hot.  No room for dessert. My wife enjoyed the white sangria: sweet with interesting flavors. I enjoyed a Greek white wine and a lebanese red. This has a number of middle eastern dishes which will bring us back. Service was friendly.  Our waitress was nice and knowledgeable but apparently had tables in bar as well as restaurant so wasn't able to be there for food and wine delivery sometimes.
This place is a gem, the food is excellent (lamb chops) and the drinks are amazing....Joel the mixologist is a true MIXOLOGIST.
Met friends at this establishment and was very surprised with the modern atmosphere, the service was fantastic, the meal was delicious, with a variety of drinks and even a specialty drink of the day.
Great experience from start to finish! The service was spot on and we completely enjoyed our menu choices. My favorite was the Shish Tawook. The staff really worked as a team, everyone at some point stopped by our table to remove a dish or see if we needed anything.
I came here for lunch with friends. First impression: it is beautiful inside and makes me want to ask them to decorate my house! The service was quick and friendly and the server was happy to recommend a dish when I was humming and haaing. Mind you, it was pretty dead, I think there were about 3 tables with people at them.

We had hummus and baba ghanoush to start. They did not bring enough pitas at first, but brought a refill when we asked. Both dips were good and the pita bread was hot.

Then we shared the special Greek salad. The chicken had a great rub on it! I'm glad we shared though because it was HUGE.

I had Jenny's penne for my entree which is a spicy penne with chicken. It was very good. My friends had the chicken masala and the beef kabab which they both thoroughly enjoyed. 

We also were lucky enough to try some of the mixed drinks. My favourite was the mojito relative that they do.
Disappointing menu.  Many Middle Eastern foods missing and replaced with Italian dishes, like a pasta and a caprese salad (yes, really).  Notice the wonderful scallops on the photo of the restaurant?  They were out of them.

Very few selections if you do not eat meat.  Portions were small, the tabooli was OK as was the yogurt (Labni), the kefta was seasoned OK.  The cheese filled phyllo was not phyllo but some brick like dough ball. They were just awful. The bread was just so so.

Much better places to try are Pars on frank Lloyd Wright or Persina Room.  Much better, cheaper and more food.
My husband and I just got home from a fabulous dining experience at Naya. We were among the very first diners at Naya tonight.... We didn't't realize it opened at 5:00 for dinner service. We were warmly welcomed by the owner.
We shared  the Mezza Combo which contained Baba Ghanouj, Hummus, Tabbouleh Salad,Stuffed Grape Leaves, and other goodies.
My husband got Lamb Chops; I got Shish Tawouk which was marinated chicken on skewers. The plate also had veggies and rice. We ended our dinner with a warm dessert made of FILO dough and sweet cheese topped with Rose water. It was good.... Not great.
In a word: DELICIOUS! We really enjoyed our dinner. 
Our server was very knowledgable about the menu. She was extremely pleasant and our food came out the proper temperature. The owner came to our table to make sure we were happy with the food.
We will definitely return to Naya..... That is FOR SURE!!
Awesome place to go and feel relaxed. We went on a Saturday night and there was awesome live music! I would highly recommend the tri-tip nachos!!! We have already been 3 times since it opened.
Delicious food and unbelievable service!! The restaurant was short staffed, but the owner stepped up and took care of our table (which was a table of 12)! Owner had us try some amazing treat! I'll definitely come back here next time we are in Phoenix.
Man I LOVE this place! I really hope they do well! You will not find better Mexican food and a more laid back relaxed atmosphere!!! They only thing they need to do is put sand on the floor! Great beer and booze selections! I will be back again and again.
A fabulous place to sit and relax.  We were originally looking to eating somewhere at West Gate but with the crowd we changed our mind and found Beach Club Cantina.   The food was AMAZING!  By far the best Chimis we have ever had and the salsa was delicious.   With the live music (we visited on a Saturday night) the wonderful staff (and very friendly and personable owner)  and the great fresh food,  you can't go wrong.   It is a must try.  Just look for it right next to the theater, you won't be disappointed!
Decided to give this place a try based on the Yelp reviews. Walked in and didn't expect much. Restaurant is small, decor is simple. Service was friendly, everyone was pleasant and gracious. We ordered the mini chimichangas, fish tacos, carnitas tacos, wings and Pollo Fundido. Everything was great!  That Pollo Fundido was insanely good!  The tacos were a little pricey ($4) for the size. We're visiting from L.A.; those same tacos would normally go for about $1.50 - $2.50 back home. Would definitely go back regularly if I lived here.
Pollo Fundito is great. Fish tacos, though small, are terrific. Salsa verde and chips are very good . Love the Old World beer. Hard to find next to Blu Burger Grill and Grimaldi Pizza
Good service~fun times, enjoyed drinks with a few friends here. Have heard that the food is good, but haven't tried it yet. Definitely will next time for sure!
Service is great and the tri tip nachos are  outstanding.  The old world ipa is pretty good too.
The food was great. We had Asada fries and carnitas burrito. The guacamole was perfect just as I love it giving my fries a kick and making me not get my hands off the chips. I had the BCC Margarita it was highly delicious, I am a beer girl and also loved there were good beer options (mainly local, always a plus in my book). But better than the food and drinks? The service. The owner of the place made sure we felt welcome and continuously checked on us. I will definitely come back again when in town. And recommend this place to everyone.
I am giving a 4 for effort, friendliness, cleanliness and food deliciousness.
Who ever is working the kitchen knows what they are doing.
After watching every single episode of Bar Rescue, it's hard to be perfectly satisfied. Unless you hit key points.
1, customer service
2, cleanliness
3, well executed and consistent drinks
4, good food
5, staff knowledge
I felt that on my visit the staff's knowledge of pricing and what they served was not what it should have been. 
Also I noticed one of the servers using the center of the bar as a servers station instead of one of the ends. 
We ordered a pitcher of the cider. Though good, it was very potent. My friends and I were looking for a buzz. But you don't want to be known as the place to come to get a cheap drunk. That'll bring in low end and possibly dangerous clientele. 
Like I had said tough. Good food. Good service. Respectfully priced. You definitely get what you paid for. Possibly a little bit more.
So I'm giving three stars. I will say that the restaurant looks clean and the decor is nice. But the place was pretty dead the whole time we were there (8pm til probably 9:20ish)

As me and my group walked inside there was a group of servers hanging out by the bar and we were told to pick a table, which was fine with me. Our server was attentive and helpful with the menu items and beer options. 

The food was okay, not amazing. The portion for the fried Mac and cheese appetizer was reallllly small. 

There was a male worker (or maybe a friend of the employees) with a pony tail who was drinking by the bar and looked pretty drunk by the time we left. And there seemed to be some drama between the servers while we were there.. A couple of them were hanging out by the bar a lot and gossiping in front of us.

As we left, our server and another server were right outside the front doors smoking cigarets, which was kinda tacky. 

Not sure if I will return or not.. Was not impressed, and I am kind of disappointed.
Great food .good beer. awesome service.if your near by and crave some real Mexican cooking stop by here.we will definitely be back again
Great place! Food is excellent. Service was great as well. Pollo fundido was best we've ever had. Great place for happy hour too!
Popped in after a movie at Harkins and the food was great. My girlfriend, who is VERY picky, absolutely raved about the margaritas. Friendly servers and relaxed atmosphere, as well.
Stacey made that best margaritas I have ever had!  The pollo fundido was outstanding. We'll be back
I love mexican food, and after reading all of the great reviews about this place I have to say I was disappointed. Chips and salsa were mediocre, the signature margarita was so-so and overpriced, our food took FOREVER to come out, and the bill was higher than what it should have been. Probably won't be returning.
We were looking for Mexican restaurants with good ratings to eat at on Cinco De Mayo. I called around to a few places to get a feel for which were food and/or drink specials. The one with the friendliest sounding person offering the best deals was a place right around the corner that I'd never heard of. We decided to give it a try.

Located in Park West, the restaurant is a little difficult to find. It's unmarked other than a small stand on the sidewalk out front. Apparently they've only been around since January and are awaiting approval on an actual sign. The inside of the restaurant is clean and they've started to attempt to give it a Mexican vibe, with a colorful array of chairs and palms painted walls. It certainly wasn't busy inside, but I think their current patrons go there for a more relaxed, less crowded bar. 

As for the food, I thought it was good. The chips and salsa were some of the best I've had. We ordered the Pollo Fundido, and I'd say it was better than average. The only bit of advice I may suggest is more sauce. Other than that, I was okay with the taste and the price.

The staff seem genuinely kind, and also very proud of their establishment. I think they still have a little ways to go atmosphere-wise (example: margaritas in margarita glasses), but I believe they'll get there.
I have amended my review and added a star, I believe in being fair and honest in every situation. The manager did contact me the very night after reading my review. Although not my intention with the poor review, my money was refunded. The extra star is not for the refund but for the extremely fast response from the manager. So I retract my statement about them no caring they do. I wish them luck in the future and hopefully they can get the kinks worked out. 

We're always excited to see new, independently owned places on the West Side but once again we were disappointed. After seeing such rave reviews we were happy to find this place. After eating here I'm suspicious that the reviewers who gave this place 5 stars may have some affiliation with the owners or staff. When we walked in, there were a few occupied tables and everyone working there greeted us and one guy suggested we sit on the patio. We did and it was nice out there but then it took quite a long time for anyone to come out. When someone finally did he said he was going to get our drink order and then get us some menus. Weird order of events in my opinion. We had to wait until we got our drinks to even start deciding what we wanted to eat? The Hub's ordered an iced tea and I ordered a margarita with no salt. Our drinks and menus came out, mine with salt and when the Hub's asked for sweet n low the waitress said they didn't have any but offered sugar. Huh?! Ok, a little bizarre that they didn't have some sort of artificial sweetener but no big deal... until she returned with sugar on a paper plate. They apparently have iced tea but no sweeteners to offer with it. My margarita tasted like store bought mix and came out in a beer pint glass. Our food came out fast and it was ok until my husband got to the end of his French fries and there were curly black hairs in them. I have long blonde hair and my husband has auburn so they for sure weren't ours. I had to go in and give my credit card to the bartender to pay and when the waitress came back out with my receipt I showed her the hairs. She did offer to take the dish off of our ticket but I refused. He had eaten almost the whole thing so I didn't think that was fair. I heard her go in and summon the manager to show her the hairs but no one came back out to apologize so obviously they didn't care. I guess we'll continue to go to Phoenix or Scottsdale to get a decent meal. That's a shame.
I love this place. The service is excellent and owner/manager, Peter, is great. Was here tonight and they had trivia night. Lots of fun. Plus they will change the channel on the TV to whatever game you want to watch. Happy hour goes until 730 and that is rare. The mni chimis are delicious and plenty for 2 people. The drinks are strong and the bartenders are great at trying new drinks. Its a nice place place to try if waiting for your movie to start. I will be back soon.
We ordered Mic Ultra, nice and cold! But the tri tip nachos were blah, no favor. I was disappointed, but I'll probably come again due to the quick service and beer on tap.
Three of us went here today after a movie, around 3 pm. The fish tacos are amazing along with the chips and salsa. The owner is friendly and great customer service is very important to him.
This place has incredible food and service. Whomever G.T. is, their review is entirely wrong. This place is clear with everything from the get go. There is no trickery or scam at all and every server I've had has treated me the way customers should be treated. I've never had a problem with my food or my service. Everything is always 100% the way I ask and I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for great service and great food.
I recently held a happy hour event for Realtors at Beach Club Cantina and it was a blast! I worked with Peter, the owner, for a few weeks leading up to the event to plan everything out and he was so gracious and helpful throughout the process, as tedious as it was and given the circumstances beyond either of our control. The Realtors and Lenders who showed up to the event were very impressed with the restaurant and the quality of the food and drinks. Everyone had a great time and the staff was very accommodating. We are looking forward to another great event here in the future!
The service is always great... The servers and bartenders are all great and friendly bar manager and the owner peter are awsome I have been coming here for about 3 weeks and it keeps getting better all the time
The two stars are for service.  I love Mexican food and looked at yelp for recommendation in the area.  The food was less than mediocre.the chips weren't good and the salsa was bland and watery.  Determined to give it a try, I ordered the mini changas.  Just barely okay.  I wanted fish tacos but wasn't going to subject myself to more bad food.  Would not recommend
The food is fantastic!!  Best in town, even on their first night open.   Service is personable and lively, ambiance is fresh, hip, relaxed and very comfy. Come to hang with a group or grab a bite on your way home. Cocktails are just as exciting as the menu-can't wait to try more on the next visit.
Great team behind the bar and on the floor. House made pasta always gets me! Great addition to downtown phoenix.
What a phenomenal downtown gem. There is no where in downtown Phoenix like this. Perfectly balanced hand crafted cocktails and Absolutely stunning cuisine. Do yourselves a favor and order the Lambert-Gini and have the pleasure of the namesake handing you the lovely libation. 

When you have your cocktail in hand don't hesitate order the bone marrow--two words-- lamb bacon: life changing. I never fathomed being able to get this level of food and class here in downtown phoenix. ( and for the great adventurers--when you've sucked it clean, order a shot of don Julio Reposado or any Mezcal and join the ranks of bone luge. All who work here will know)  

More than Honorable mentions: brisket 3 ways: smoked, braised and grilled. Had to fight over the last bite. 

Oxtail torteloni: all pasta is handmade in house and this dish easily rivals any in the greater phoenix area.  

Do yourself a favor and stop in. Enjoy yourself and get away.
What a fantastic experience we had tonight.  Just settled in after an amazing meal.  Rarely do I walk away with so many "oohs" and "aahs" from my man, but he couldn't stop talking about the food.  Like him, I feel like everything was so lively and bright and fresh.  So perfect and delicious.  We started with the ceviche, something not on their menu... but it was served with fried plantains.  Boy was it fresh and delicious... had a little nip of curry in there.  For my main course I had the Sea Bass, which was perfectly cooked and had a delicious seared crust on top.  It was on top of a tasty quinoa and was surrounded by fantastic veggies and a puree of something, I can't recall.  B got the oxtail ravioli.  His first bite had him with his eyes closed and making a yummy sound.  I tried one.  Oh wow!  Delicious.  Very rich, but very right.  The broth accompanying it was so perfect.  We ended with the rosemary waffles, which were very tasty, but I think would've been even better with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream.

Really hoping this place does well.  Good vibe, good food, great service.  The space is even better than when it was Scratch.  Very pleased with everything.  Glad they had at least 2 options for local wines too.

Best thing is, it's right down the street.  This is definitely a place to impress your friends.
Extremely small portions. We ordered the Roman gnocchi and it came in a bowl with literally a one gnocchi. $10 for a single gnocchi. The server told us it would be cheaper to buy a bottle of wine and after the fact we looked at the menu and it would nave ended up $7 cheaper if we went by the glass. The food was indeed good and I like that it is local but the portions were so small we went to a food truck after.
This place is only in its soft opening at the moment, but even without being actually open they are doing some awesome things!

First I'll start by saying the service is impeccable. Typically, when a place is newly open I expect there to be lots of hiccups and missteps by the wait-staff. However, to my surprise this was not the case! We went here on First Friday, and even with a much larger crowd than I'm sure is typical, our server was amazing! She was attentive, extremely polite, and ultimately made our time here great.

I will say we didn't end up having any food this time around, but the cocktails were beyond! I had the Lambord-Gini, which is made with muddled watermelon I believe, and it was to die for. My bf had their take on an old-fashioned (the name escapes me right now) but I tried it, and even not being a big Old-Fashioned fan I thought it was super yummy!

The menu is definitely not what you'll expect coming to a casual place in downtown Phoenix. They have things like oxtail, bone marrow, and other oddities that you might expect to find at more of a fine-dining experience. But the prices are extremely reasonable! So it's everything you love about fine-dining, mixed with everything you love about casual dining. Low prices for amazing, unique food, in a great atmosphere.

We will definitely be back here once they have their grand opening on April 11th, and I will update my review then, once I've tried the food. Until then, I highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area!
This truly is a 5-star restaurant. We came here on the last night of their soft opening and were blown away. It has been several years since I have been to a restaurant where every food item brought out to us was perfect. The mussels in a thick and luscious red sauce with homemade merguez and a nice chunk of grilled bread was unlike any mussels dish I've had before. A cool surprise was the Roman-style gnocchi: flat and round and packed with flavor. The market fish of red snapper had a wonderfully crispy and well-seasoned crust over a bed of melted leek farro (I'll have to try and make this one at home!). Even the dessert was a cool concoction of waffles, pears,and a red, crunchy sugar thing that was like the best candy ever. Unlike other places where different flavors can confuse, the chef here really knows how to put flavor combinations together that impress.

The service was top notch. We were checked on constantly by more than one person and our server was professional, nice, and efficient. I'm so glad that this place is local for me because I will be back over and over again until I've exhausted the menu.
Wow! This place is going to be a star to be reckoned with, 5 Stars for Service, Food, Value and of course...genius! 

Last night we had the chance to partake in the sampling of menu dishes that were passed around to the guests, my 11 year old twins . We were welcomed at the entrance with genuine friendliness and given the rules of engagement for the event; a complimentary celebratory glass of Prosecco concoction that I wish I would have paid attention to so I could try to repeat it on my own...I'll just have to go back and try it again! I later had an Italian Summer with a dry Lavender Soda & Rosemary, dangerous :-)

Then there were passed samplings of menu items in just right portions to enjoy them all! 
We enjoyed most the Grilled Pork Head Cheese Bahn Mi so tender, with a perfectly scrumptious sriracha aioli! My kids devoured it! The Chicken Fried Quail served with 2 delicate dipping sauces, one mildly sweet the other with just the right amount of spice.
We also had the Beet Risotto, Crispy Pig Ear Pad Thai, Pork Riblets with Coconut Rice, each worth having again and again. Thankfully, my kids know how to be mindful in of others, or they would have eaten every single Smoked Salmon Potatoe Rosti w/creme Fraiche! 

Lastly for sweets we had a reinvented "Strawberry Rhubarb Newton" that I would buy by the dozen to add to our lunch boxes., daily, maybe even have them for breakfast with a yogurt! The grand finale was the Flourless Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Mouse and Bacon ice cream!!! Orgasm for the taste-buds! Ooohs and aahs, eyes rolling in a state of, "I can't believe this is so delicious!" state of pure rapture.You must try it when you go...

The service exemplified genuine hospitality, my kids commented on "how nice everyone" was. Our server Katie was friendly and acknowledged my kids directly, I always appreciate that. Everyone we came in contact with was open and courteous, big smiles and helpful.

Chef Chris  & his partner Adam have out done themselves! This place is a gem! We will be back, sit at the chef bar to watch genius in action. My kids said, "this is my new favorite place!" Yes folks my kids are foodies and if we were closer to downtown, I'd be in trouble!

The environment is snazzy but unpretentious, totally chill! It's a must! Go enjoy downtown and find your way to The Local! You'll be glad you did!
Amazing service , cocktails , and food is to die for... Pig ear pad Thai WOW!!  BRISKET WOW!! Oxtail tortellini. WOW!! My new favorite place in Phoenix
I was not impressed by this place at all. Extremely overpriced for the portion you receive. You pretty much are paying for the ambiance is all. The service was very slow considering they only had three tables in the entire restaurant. The presentation was nice, however, they at baby servings ... I am still hungry
5 stars after one visit? You betchya!
Lovely space.  Clean and open.
The drink menu.  Oh that drink menu.  I made a dent but will continue to work my way down that list.  The saying "each one better than the last" is woefully inadequate.  Each one is AMAZING.  Really! These cocktails are creative and beautifully crafted.
That should be the theme of this spot.
Food and drinks alike.
Creative and beautifully crafted.
That says it all.
The food was equally impressive, if not more so.  Tonight I had the roasted bone marrow starter.  Savory, gelatinous.  With a duck bacon than cave such a wonderful spice on some toasted bread.  And a lovely arugula salad that was tangy and provided a wonderful contrast to the fatty marrow.
Also had the quail.  Really great.  Crispy but not over cooked or died out.
Oh.  And it came with smoked whiskey butter.
Yeah, read that again: Smoked. Whiskey. Butter.
That, thanks to The Local, is now a thing that exists outside of your dreams.
Ambiance: 

Swank, smooth, and sexy. Table areas in the back offer dark corners for snuggling, flirting, and the occasional molesting of the BF. I totally dig ambiance like this - kind of reminds me of the Merc bar, but with way better food. 

Service:

On point. Our server was knowledgeable and welcoming. Chris, the Owner, introduced himself and checked in to see how we liked the food while making sure our entrees were served accordingly, since we were leisurely ordering plates here and there. 

Food:

We began with the smoked salmon. Fresh and tender, just how I like it with a fine herb vin to really make the flavor pop. 

Then that dang bone marrow! Hands down, was the star of the night. Perfectly seasoned with a texture that'll make your mouth melt. Wish the crostini was just a tad bit softer, but luckily, I have strong teeth. Keep in mind you'll be sharing this plate as I guarantee your friends or partner will want more bites of it.

I ordered the Orecchiette Carbonara. Fresh pasta with a unique blend and texture of alba mushrooms and peas. Although I enjoyed it, I didn't finish it because it was a bit too salty. 

Overall, I can really appreciate The Local for their attention to detail and presentation. You can tell there's a lot of TLC happening back in the kitchen by the ingredients used and presentation of plates. Beautifully modern, inventive and organic. This place has substance and I'll definitely be back soon to explore more of their menu, including dessert.
Chris and Adam really hit it out of the park with this one!  Ambience is fun and original, great vibe.  Drinks are excellent.  Food is fabulous!  Get the bone marrow, then do a luge shot out of the bone.  Gnocchi was more than I expected for sure.  Makes me wish I lived in Phoenix!  Great job!
Gotta say... I'm afraid this place is heading down the same road as this locations previous tenants with prices like these. Make your menu more affordable, please! Phx can use cool places like this, but you're making the same mistakes that Scratch did.
Ok- what is the big deal?  I'm surprised to see how many 5 star reviews there are.  I agree with everything said in the 1 star reviews.  
Late night menu sucks! 
If you're gonna be open til midnight... Have a better menu. 
Food... Eh. 
As previously mentioned the gnocchi is ONE gnocchi for $10.  
I left starving.  Their menu contains a bunch of weird meat and zero vegetables.  I'm all for local meats but usually that type of clientele is big on greens! 
This place thought it was inventive & unique but it was limited & mediocre.  
I'm seeing these rave reviews on ambience... I don't get it!  The Vig has ambience... This place is zzz.
Bicycled there for a mid-evening light meal and split two starters and a good whiskey.

Friendly knowledgeable staff, timely service, decent whiskey selection. perfectly roasted beets, excellent medley of smoked fish. One quibble - the quinoa bed for the roasted beet salad was a bit tartly vinagary for our taste.

There are a few more items we'd like to try.
Let me start by saying the food is amazing and the service was awesome. 

We had the Gnocchi appetizer which was good, not great. It was one large dumpling rather than small ones. Also, it was $10, which for a small appetizer isn't bad but it was much smaller than we anticipated. 
I had the Ox Tail tortellini which was simply the best tortellini I have ever had in my life. It was A-MA-ZING. Complex and powerful. The pasta was perfectly al-dente and the filling and sauce were explosive. My complaint? for $19 I should have gotten more than 6 tortellinis. 
My companion had the dinner salad which he loved, the presentation was awesome and it was flavorful. Yet again, for $15 it was way too small. 
We each had a dessert, the chocolate flourless tort with a custard and bacon and peanut butter ice cream. The chocolate tort part was outstanding, probably one of the best. The custard was kind of flat and bland and the bacon peanut butter ice cream was inedible. It had the consistency of congealed bacon fat on the tongue and the peanut butter over powered the bacon flavor. 

The menu is full of complex and different choices. "Pollen" and "dust" are used more than once in the descriptions. This place is for the adventurous. 

All in all a very good meal, we had two drinks and a beer in addition to the above for a little less than $100. Which brings me to the detractors. 
For a $100 dinner I should not have to stop at the taco truck on the way home for Super Mega Nachos (not to say I wouldn't anyway but I shouldn't have to). The portions were so amazingly small I am getting hungry thinking about it. 
Plan on either spending double what I did or stopping for a burger on the way home. 

This place is a real risk for the area, I am not 100% certain Roosevelt can support this type of experience. I hope it goes well but I am suspect.
The food really was Exquisite! It was masterfully crafted and made with the very best of high end ingredients. 

 I will be Blunt and Honest as I always am.

I get more filled up eating a select few samples from Costco than I did sharing two appetizers and one lunch plate at the Local. I do note Costco Samples are NOT Exquisite and I do prefer exquisite food.

I enjoyed the different fresh flavors of what they called a Roman Style Gnocchi. I read that it's made with semolina flour but if I were to name and guess what this dish was to me it almost seemed like a Polenta Lasagna with a very sweet slow cooked tomato sauce. To me it was very interesting and very layered I tasted many different components. I enjoyed it. My husband felt very different and I think he was in a bad mood. I won't share what he said. ( $10.00 )

We both enjoyed the Grilled Cauliflower very much. The Cauliflowers were roasted with crispy ends just like I make them and I never tasted cooked radishes that tasted that good. Everything on that plate harmonized well. (There just wasn't much of it. ( $12.00 )

I was wrong not to say something about the Seared Tuna Nicoise ($16.00) I think it was missing the Calabrian Chili Oil that it desperately needed.(An opening Hiccup ) But after taking a bite I had almost nothing left so it didn't seem to be logical to say anything. This dish was beautiful in appearance. For a moment I forgot where I was and was thinking Binkley's. The fish was fresh but what I tasted was a little bland and flat. I do note this dish came with an exceptionally good prepared 1/2 egg and crisp and creamy fingerling potatoes.

I enjoyed the restaurant where the chef/owner worked before so I thought I'd enjoy the local. I did enjoy most of the food but it's not enough to return to leave hungry again. At the moment I'm wondering what did they do with that other 1/2 of egg?

2.5 stars
Unbelievable food! The gnocchi was my absolute favorite and you cannot miss it if you go there. I really feel like we go out to dinner a ton, and this place did not have a dish even close to sub-par.  Loved our waiter, great service....it will be a place we talk about often.  Nice work, we will be back with friends soon!
Maybe I jumped the gun by suggesting to have brunch here last Sunday. I usually wait for a new restaurant to be open a few months before trying it, but I sometimes make an exception if there are rave reviews. In this rare occasion Yelp had failed me.

My husband and I had met my friend here and we shared 3 different plates. It wasn't noted that this was "tapas" style on the menu at all, nor was it suggested how to order, so we thought 3 dishes for 3 people would be enough food. For drinks my husband had a Sleepy Dog Hefeweizen, my friend a cocktail and I ordered a mimosa which was a pretty good deal at $5. My husband and friend's drinks came out immediately, while I was told they were waiting for a bottle of champagne to open. About 10 minutes later I received my drink. 

Two of our orders arrived first, the tuna poke and the lamb kimchi fried rice. Our server then came over  told us that their computers had gone down, and due to the error he gave us a complimentary pig ear pad thai. We said "Thank you" as it's always nice to have that type of error work in your favor. He put the plate down on the table and as we were about to dig in another staff member walked up to our table and took the pig ear plate away without saying a word........awkward. The server apologized for the mistake, as it must have been a misunderstanding. We started our meal and then the staff member came back a few minutes later and put the pig ear plate back on our table again without saying a word. We were somewhat apprehensive of eating it a this point, was it going to be taken away again? Anyway beggars can't be choosers, I was very appreciative of the complimentary entree, but the awkwardness that came with it really wasn't worth it.

As for the food: the tuna poke was fresh tasting, but flavor wise it was nothing really special. The lamb kimchi fried rice tasted good, but was greasy and had the teeniest tiniest pieces of lamb in it. Our third order was the poutine, this was the best thing we had, it had a flavorful cream sauce, chunks of lamb and a runny egg. The pig ear pad thai was pretty good too, nice & crispy and came with pickled veggies. 

So why two stars? The portions sizes were laughable, each entree was about 5 bites max. We weren't informed that one dish per person isn't even close to enough food. We ended up having an extra dish due to the snafu, but we still all left hungry. It would be one thing if the food was amazing, then I would want to order more dishes, but nothing was very memorable or fantastic enough. The price point did not match the portion at all. The service was also lacking, the server took our credit card to run it, and then waited a good 20 minutes to receive it back after having to ask for it. Sorry but I can't see myself returning.
I went to the Local tonight with the husband to celebrate my birthday (just the two of us). I must say, it was pretty awesome. The decor looks similar to when it was Scratch, but they moved the bar and got new furniture. It looks nice. The service was great, attentive and informative. We ordered a bunch of things to share including the pig ear pad thai, the gnocchi, and the brisket. The gnocchi was good, but nothing crazy amazing. It is one large gnocchi.... it had the consistency of a souffle almost and tasted good, but I don't think it's worth the 10$ price tag. The pad thai, on the other hand, was amazing! It had so much flavor, it was tangy, spicy, savory, but mostly it tasted extremely fresh. I loved every bite....yum. The brisket was also good, but a little on the fatty side (I know that's kind of the nature of brisket, but the way it was cut left a lot of fat on). The sauce was delicious and complemented the meat well. It was herby, a little citrusy, and tasted great. It came with brussels sprouts (which were nicely cooked and tasty), potatoes (which were cheesy , but nothing too special), and amazing onions... these onions were fabulous, not oniony....very sweet. They were unbelievable. Lastly, we had the chocolate tart.... this was a tasty dessert, but they should probably call it a peanut butter dessert...the peanut butter taste was far stronger than the chocolate, which you could barely taste at all. Despite this, it was a tasty dessert. I definitely would like to come back here to try their brunch and the other items on their menu.

Update: I have been back to the Local a couple times and it definitely has some highs and lows. The pig ear pad thai is consistently good. I have had drinks here a couple times and they are also good. I had a drink on their new happy hour when I went recently that was very tasty (I can't remember what it was called, but it was fruity with a touch of mint and was topped with a huge piece of citrus skin) and it was a decent deal at 6$ on special. We also had the brisket sliders (on our slider tour of phoenix) and I must say that they were ok, but nothing special. I wouldn't order them again. Further, the last time I went here, the service was terrible (incredibly slow, inattentice) and the DJ was playing music so loud, I couldn't even hear a conversation. I hope they can work out the kinks because it would be a nice place to catch happy hour.
This was my second visit, after the grand opening. This time, however, was very disappointing. The bone marrow appetizer was gelatinous and stuck to the inside of the bone, making it very hard to get it out without the bacon flying all over the plate. The taste also stayed with me through to the next day. Then, I had the chicken fried quail. Unfortunately, it wasn't crispy at all as the breading was gloppy as if it was not cooked properly. I understand that quail are small, and so to call this an entree and charge this much didn't make sense. To make matters worse, the biscuit was burned on the bottom (very obvious because it was black) but slightly raw and doughy in the middle. And the chipotle flavor didn't work for me. Maybe I just ordered the wrong things this time, but now let's talk about the service. While our waiter was nice, he came to our table two times not noticing that our drinks had been empty. And when my dining companion asked for another drink, he just walked away without asking me if I wanted another glass of wine. I shouldn't have to beg for another glass of wine and ask for it from a waiter a few yards away at the POS station. Also, I shouldn't have to ask what the specials are as this is the server's job. I was so impressed the first time we came here and we were checked on by 3 different people to make sure everything was alright. However, this time, not even the manager cared to make sure that we were okay and it was not even busy during this weeknight. It's too bad this restaurant spent so much energy at the beginning and then totally forgot how to run a business. We won't be back for sure.
Great food and drinks!  Adam, the owner is really cool.  Was there with the girlfriend and enjoyed the in house smoked salmon and grilled cauliflower dishes.  Can't wait to come back and see more of their rotating menu!  Chef has worked and some of the best restaurants in San Diego and AZ!  Adam gave us a great aperitif of the on tap Amaro Montenegro!!!
Wow!!! We are at first Friday downtown Phx. We were pleasantly surprised. Great new restaurant. The bar area is very cool and the food is amazing.
I would have never tried roasted bone marrow but after talking with the chef Chris and was it the best choice yes it was. The house favorite Roman style gnocchi was incredible!!! Great Service and great food.
Awesome drink list! I loved my Lambert-Gini martini!! Tim was swell behind the bar! Loved everything about this place. Can't wait to come back and try the roasted bone marrow!!!
Downtown Phoenix newest place to see dude on dude action. Service was horrible tonight we had 4 waiters come up to our table each taking our drink order. One of the waiters gave us a fuck off look when we asked for a menus.  15 mins later when one of our waiters brought our drinks my beer was luke warm.
Okay... I don't usually write reviews... if something is good, I just tell my peeps and thats it... HOWEVER... I can't keep this one in...  there is too much to talk about... so, I will just touch on the most important... FOOD and service... both of which get a 5 star from me... I've been a vegetarian (eating fish sometimes) for about 7 years now and happy about it... so, at the chefs suggestion I tried the Grilled Heirloom Cauliflower... WHAT, WHAT, WHAT was I tasting... Jimney Cricketts!!! Queso Manchego and a cumin eggplant puree... ohhhhh my!!! you know when a kid does the pee pee dance, hopping from one foot to another... wooooooowhooooo that's what this feels like... AMAZING... 

now, I said to my husband... who was busy happily munching away on Crispy Pig Ear Pad Thai... I think I want to try that Tuna thing... The Bigeye Ahi Crudo... Of course he said... without even looking up from his Pad Thai... when the tasty little morsels arrived at the table, I had to take a minute to enjoy the beautifully prepared plate... LISTEN... I never did understand the point behind plating... until now... a decadently cut tuna lay nestled on my plate with with a brightly colored, velvety avocado mousse... tangelo gelée...ginger and shallot confit...pistachio dust...Serrano chili... PARTY IN MY MOUTH!!! I had to copy the ingredients from the menu because my mouth couldn't explain what was happening in there!!! 

moving on... now...the Roasted Bone Marrow shows up to the table... I have to admit... my curiosity got the best of me... I HAD TO... but wait... I'm a vegetarian... let's google that and see just what I'm getting into... vitamins... minerals... yada yadas ... okay... I'm tasting it... OHHHHH MYYYYYY GOODNESS... just a little taste... but between the lamb bacon...onion jam... and this ridic crostini... i might need another... and wow... wow... wow...

I can continue to gush... but I need to stop there... to say a quick thing about the service... between the Chef/Owner Chris... Bar manager/Owner Adam... and our server... we felt like we were regulars at the local... My husband and I were not dressed for a 5 star restaurant... However... we got the 5 star treatment!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU to all of you at The Local.... you guys rock... we will see you again
I'll start out with saying I have eating here several times and have tried almost every item on the menu. The staff is friendly and knowledgable and the owner stops by to check on our food every time I have been in. I would recommend going with a friend and sharing everything so you can try more items. My favorites are the Pig Ear, Grilled romain heart, and smoked brisket.
While the food was good, the portions are extremely small. And when I say small, they are small. For instance, the beet salad was not a salad but a tablespoon of quinoa with one small beet sliced into four spread into an arrangement on a long thin plate. Cost: $13... it should have been around $4 for this. The beer glasses were small is well. This was good for a try but I will not go back.
I give the owner less than a year for business. The current model will not attract long term or repeat business.
First visit & fell in love. You must go & order the bone marrow it was sooooo incredible. We also tried the gnocchi which was delicious. Great spot for late night eats or happy hour. Luke is the bartender & makes fab drinks! Can't wait to go back and try the fried quail.
I didn't come here to eat, but to drink. 

The Local is hip!

You get carafes of water with your order...whether you ask for it or not. 

This place is stylish. 

The music is great and just the right volume to enjoy it while you socialize. It's way aesthetic, and a good place to spend a night on the patio with your friends...and maybe even people-watch on a First Friday. 

Most importantly, the staff, including the guy at the door are freaking nice. I will return.
My wife and I went on a date to The Local and absolutely loved it! The food, service, affordability, and the atmosphere were incredible. You have to go check it out!!
My bf and I came here because on the online menu we saw the grilled romaine salad and wanted to try it out (we already went to Bliss for dinner). We walk in and let the guy know we are there to order the salad to go and he proceeds to send us to bar. 

Here is where the problem began, I over here the host tell the bartender they don't have the salad on menu anymore which is weird considering how long they have been open, next why couldn't he have told us at the door instead of telling us to go to the bartender. So the bartender came over to let us know the salad wasn't on the menu. He was not the friendliest bartender and we both work in the service industry. We decided to order a cocktail and then the salmon salad to go. While we are waiting we see the "host" next to us taking shots with two friends and thought this was weird. Anyways all this happened on Wednesday night and it was not busy at all. The drink was the only good thing about this place. We won't be back!
This place isn't going to last that long. Overpriced, rude servers, unwelcoming decor, I could go on and on. I will say the food was good, but for $23 I would hope to get more than 6 oz. of meat and two fingerlings and three brussels sprouts. Not worth it at all. Save your money and spend it at other great local establishments, there's plenty more places to choose from in town that are well deserving of your money.
We came here for happy hour before an event downtown. I was really excited when I saw their menu and website, so I was looking forward to trying it. I was impressed with the atmosphere of the restaurant and the host and server were both really friendly. Granted, when I arrived there was only one other table sat so I probably got some extra attention. Their happy hour prices are good. Only four beers on tap. A wide range of wine and cocktails though. We tried three items off the happy hour menu, pig ear pad Thai, market salad, and bone marrow. I really wanted the octopus so we ordered that too. The presentation was beautiful, but the octopus itself was just a touch fishy. I didn't think prices were that bad though I've read reviews that complain about them. I guess I'm used to higher prices in exchange for pretty food. I docked a star for lack of beers on tap, and I have to say I didn't care for the pig ear pad Thai. The pig ears were too crunchy.
GREAY service. Adam the owner is fantastic! Food was amazing and different! Cocktails are well made! The atmosphere was great...super chill!!! We will definitely come back soon!!! RIBLETS ARE AMAZING!!!!
I had the bone marrow and duck confit. Food was amazing, drinks superb, service friendly and atmosphere dripping with cool while not being stuffy at all. Highly recommend.
Cool new place on Roosevelt Row with inventive, flavorful and fresh cuisine!  Great, shaded patio, friendly service and delicious food...although the lunch portions are quite small even though they are beautifully prepared and presented.  I will definitely be back for drinks and dinner.
Thank you Chef Chris for an amazing experience of delicious cuisine.  The presentation was exquisite and your passion definitely shows. The best part is that we ate at midnight....who serves such mouth watering dishes?  THE LOCAL!! They actually serve until 2AM for all the late night snackers. This is my new favorite place downtown!! The staff is very efficient, professional and you can tell they love working there.
What an incredible meal. 

I live in NY and was in the restaurant industry in AZ for many years. I've known Chris from his days as a Sous Chef at NoCa and was delighted when my friend picked this for my first dinner back. Chris is extremely talented and the food was incredible.

Portions and pricing were excellent. We ordered everything on the menu, including the specials. My favorites were the Pad Thai, Fried Green Tomatoes, Gnocchi and Riblets. 

Service, cocktails and wine were top-notch. I hope they become a pillar for this struggling part of town.

Well done boys!
I was only able to sample a cocktail, so that is why I am giving it a three so far.  I would need to try the food next.  The cocktail menu was fun, and the quality was great.  The atmosphere was hip but still a little casual.  It's in a strip mall with another restaurant, so it was fun to semi-bar hop between the two.

I would recommend checking this place out :)
Went for dinner last night and was very impressed with the ambiance, food and service.  We were well taken care of by the wait staff and the chef/ owner even came out to discuss the food with us. The Gnocchi  with Tomato Jam was amazing. Our entrees were equally as fantastic.
I've seen a number of reviews here about portion size of food. Listen folks if you want huge portions of food on the cheap - go to Applebee's. This isn't about how much food you can fit on a plate for under $10. This is a dining experience with seasonal local food on an evolving menu.

Looking forward to going back and would recommend it to others!
The best in food and atmosphere in Vegas, I am here for 5 days and will tell people about it.
We took a detour from the usual Jersey Mike's lunch today and ended up next door at the newly opened Tacos and Beer.  5 stars for a taco place!?  Yeah yeah, I'm breaking my own rule that no place that serves everyday food should get more than 4 stars but the extra star is to keep this place going so I can come back for lunch over and over.  

The tacos are excellent...not as big as a "Los Tacos" taco but very tasty.  Definitely an artisan concept as other reviewers say.  Everything we tried was complex in ingredients and flavor (as much as you can pack into a street taco sized portion).  Our table tried out almost all the tacos on the menu and there was an overall preference for the various pork tacos but they were all good.

Service was fantastic but we need to go back to re-review as traffic was light today and it seemed all the staff was focused on a few tables.  Hope more people start going so they can continue to do well.
  
Definitely looking to go back after work to try all the beers....oh yeah...the tomatillo salsa was the best I've had in a while.
It was off to a slow start, I kept track of how long it took to get our tacos by my check in time and it took 44 minutes to get our 6 tacos. But the staff was apologetic and made sure we were okay so no problem. I understand that since they just opened Tuesday, that  they probably haven't gotten a quick system going yet but I'm sure they'll be faster next time. 
Their beer menu is pretty impressive, I forgot to count but it looked like 6 pages of beer selections and cocktails to choose from. One thing I was a little sad about, no horchata :( I must have horchata  with my tacos!!! Maybe even make an alcoholic version! Lol 
The main thing that makes their tacos stand out is the tortilla! Not too thick or thin, freshly handmade and had perfect texture! Delicious! The guacamole and chips also tasted really fresh and it was a pretty big portion. We ordered 2 pork al pastor, 2 carne asada, 1 beef adobado, and 1 chicken tinga. Oh my, I will definitely be back for the al pastor, it was perfect! The pineapple with the pork and the perfect tortilla, heaven! The carne asada was a little lacking in the seasoning, the adobado had a good flavor to it and so did the chicken tinga. 
The pricing was also  great! Our total bill was $39 for 6 tacos, a cocktail, and guacamole with chips. I will definitely be back to try the other tacos and flan and fingers crossed that it'll be quicker next time! If it is, 5 stars :)
We stopped in here for lunch instead of Jersey Mike's. I regret it. It took 30 minutes to get five tacos. There were barely any other customers in the restaurant and we sat for that long. I ordered two bean and cheese tacos, they didn't come with half the ingredients the menu listed.

Also, be prepared to pay $6 for Tecate.

For those prices, you're better off anywhere else. The food didn't taste great, it was severely over-priced, missing key ingredients, and took much longer than necessary.

Patrons beware.
This is GOURMET Tacos and MICROBREW Beer - this is NOT your usual Tex Mex and Corona kind of place.  I saw on Yelp that it was a new business on Paradise Blvd and vowed to check it out after work.  It's in the old Firefly building.  Many great memories on that patio :). The decor is all redone Spanish mission style and much better lit now.  I ended up getting the shrimp tacos.  Small street tacos with intense flavor profiles and a small side of gormet salsa. I also got a Hitachino's Nest -- this is a Japanese microbrew and they have it ON DRAFT!  The beer list is written on the wall by the bar and contains all the best stuff- Unitis, Lost Coast, Stone, Brooklyn Brewing.  Staff was attentive and really sweet and funny.  I'm so happy to have found this.

Ok I just read that this place is owned by Mr Simmons - that owns Firefly.  They have had some pretty publicized scrapes with the Health Inspector in the past. Make your own decision.  Casinos do get away with a lot compared to small private places.  It looked VERY clean and well run when I was there.
Great atmosphere, knowledgeable staff, food smelled and tasted excellent! Too bad I'm moving to the other side of town, gonna have to make up some excuses to get over here. Had the enchiladas. Prices are reasonable for the area
Service is slow and relaxed. If you are not patient or are in a rush maybe not the best place. We weren't greeted for 7 minutes. 3 tacos took 25 minutes. But they were delicious. Our server told us nothing. The server at the table behind us explained the menu and threw out some special facts. Glad I listened in. There Are 10 selections of tacos from carne asada skirt steak, chicken, beef, pork, veggie, mahi mahi, shrimp, bean and cheese, and ground beef. Tacos come 1 to an order and are $3.25-$4.25 a piece. There are 10 selections of "other stuff" from tamales to enchiladas to ceviche. 8 selections of side dishes and 3 deserts. 8 specialty cocktails that are all $9 and 19 beers on tap from $5-$12. Happy hour is 3-6 mon to fri. Happy hour specials are 5 food selections from $2-$3 and 5 drinks for $2.50-$4. 12 simple bottled beer ranging from $4-$5 and a more complex selection of bottled beer from $6-$12. There are some really exquisite options of beer from $13 -$22. 12 dark malt beers from $7-$22 and hoppy-bitter beers from $6-$18. Same owner as firefly apparently. Hopefully it works out and they add more to the menu for food.  I ordered another carne asada taco because I liked it so much and it came out totally different. Same trip :/ wtf.  First week so I guess they gotta get their groove but woah work it out quick y'all. Manger checked on all the tables around us. Never checked on us. Not the best first impression.
Had a really excellent lunch today - Chips and Salsa were awesome and the tacos were awesome! We were in and out in about 30 minutes which we thought was good but it was not busy at all - the service was outstanding!
Driving down Paradise on the way to the convention center and my wife was hungry so we stopped in.

Really good food.  Good chips, good salsa.  Her taco was fresh and delicious.  

The waitress was really accommodating to all our requests.  

If your thinking about eating here give it a try.
Absolutely amazing!  Great guacamole,  great salsa, great corn salad, fresh and awesome!
Let me start off by saying I am a huge taco fan!  So when I tell you that the tacos here are some of the best tacos I've ever had, that really means something. I've been here multiple times and tried almost all the tacos so far, my favorites are the al pastor and the veggie. The al pastor is so flavorful with little chunks of pineapple on top... And you might think I'm crazy when I say the veggie taco is one of my favorites, most people like meat in their tacos, but this veggie taco is so tasty! Mashed potato in place of meat, mushrooms and what ever else veggies it has, perfect... It might just turn me vegetarian! Jk but it is very good. I'm not a beer fan at all, so I can't comment on the beers, but the cocktails I've had are the Dirty South Andy (kinda like a Moscow mule with little tweaks) and House Margarita (it has "salt air" instead of salted rim which is pretty unique and cool!). This place is pretty new still but I think once the word gets around it will be pretty popular!
Really refreshing take on Mexican food!  The ingredients are super fresh u can tell and great quality of food.  Prices are totally reasonable and the staff is super nice!  Very helpful and friendly!  I think I've even met the owner a few times and she is very nice as well.  My new favorite spot near work.  Can't wait to celebrate cinco de mayo here tonight!

PS - even better is that I just 2 free tacos cus the kitchen made some extra..not too shabby!
i am so glad i tried this place, i was there last saturday and i came back today, the have my favorite beers dogfish 120, cantillon sour , i tried an italian IPA that they recommended it was delicious they have that on draft. 
service was great, very friendly staff and everyone very attentive i sat at the bar and jesus was the bartender cool guy very knowledgeable.
the place is super cool. the decoration is unique, best tacos in las vegas, im from mexico and i know about tacos, these are different but good, they use traditional mexican ingredients, but the decoration is fancy...... i tried all the deserts and my favorite was the flan......
Great location and awesome late night local place! Diverse beer list with the best bottle and draft beer prices in town. Laid back and cool new place to check out
Came here for dinner today, (Tuesday) 
The service was GREAT, very attentive, and quick!
The tacos were delicious. The handmade tortillas really add to the taste.
We tried just about every taco on the menu.
The ones that really stood out were the Puerco Verde Taco, Adobada Taco, Al Pastor and Crunchy Taco. These were absolutely amazing. We did not enjoy the Carne Asada taco or shrimp taco as much as the others, but they were okay.

The chips and salsa were fresh.
All around great food, keep it up!
Best tacos ever and great selection on the beers, should try the puerco verde and adobada!

Best food,bar,customer service ever.

Best new spot on vegas!!!!
*our waiter was super friendly and our food came out super fast

*The chips were probably made there because they came out hot and were so amazing

*the tacos were some of the best tacos I've had in Vegas

*the only downfall, be prepared to pay $4.25 for ONE taco. AND everything is ala carte.

* I heard it's only $2 for tacos during happy hour. Will definitely be coming back but during that time only.
Great tacos, great beer selection and awesome service!
Rating businesses on a 5-star system can be uncomfortable. We've been accustomed to thinking that only a 4-5 star restaurant is acceptable but please remember that 3-stars in YELP means "A-OK" which in my book, means I would return.

Came in Sunday afternoon for a quick bite to eat at the recommendation of a friend. Within our group of four, none of us had been there before but were all happy with the food. 

We had a couple of instances where our server may have gotten overwhelmed. We were her first table, but quickly picked up 3-5 more tables and that could have crossed her threshold of comfort. She was VERY sweet and we did not pressure her. From our table, three of us had been bartenders/servers so although we were understanding, our expectations were higher. 

Our guacamole was asked to be served without pumpkin seeds, it came with. We were given an additional guacamole as compensation. One of our tacos was asked to be served without the traditional flour tortilla, it came with the flour tortilla. There were just a few instances where our very specific dietary requests were not met. 

Regardless, the food was pretty decent. I was not impressed with their chicken taco but was very happy with the pork (had pineapple in it too). For the bigger eater, the bill can run a bit high than you might expect but you can tell this is absolutely a great spot for happy hour.

We will be back!
Ridiculous. They've been open for at least a couple months now, and they're operating as if they'd thrown together a crew of teenagers last night to open today.

We stood at the front for 3-4 mins near the absent hostess table before we began to be greeted. I say "began" because before she was even finished with her sentence, the person who greeted us promptly turned around and walked off talking to another worker.

A minute later someone else hesitantly approached us, and the first girl came back and addressed him as if we weren't there: "can you seat them?" He did; left & came back only seconds later to take drink orders, and since we hadn't had time to walk up to the bar & look at the current beer selection (the taps change & their waiters evidently don't bother memorizing what's there), he disappeared for a while.

He finally reemerged, took our drink orders, said "that's it?" and in the 4 secs it took us process & say "um, just to drink, yeah, but food wise..." he was gone again. He didn't come back until later in the evening. I say "evening" because the whole experience of ordering & receiving 2 drinks & 4 tacos took nearly two hours.

A different guy walked over 10-15 mins later and asked if we were OK. I told him we wanted to order food, to which he replied, "oh, I'm just filling in, I'll be back." Why did you ask if you weren't expecting to have to do anything about it? To his credit, he did come right back and take our order, and you could tell that he probably had just been called over from Firefly to help out; he was the most communicative out of all the employees we encountered. He checked on our still absent drinks for us and apologized for the wait.

Meanwhile, it was still 30 mins or so before 2 of our 4 tacos were finally delivered. It was another 10-15 mins or so before someone else (who'd also apparently just arrived) came by and asked how we were doing. I said we were still waiting on half our order, and he went to check on it. It was another several mins before the other two got delivered -- and one was missing half of the ingredients the menu said came on it. I finally got someone's attention and let them know. He brought it back to the kitchen window, where one of the cooks dumped a small dollop of salsa & avocado pieces on it, & it was brought back and put in front of me by the first waiter kid, who turned & left again without so much as an apology.

By this time I'm kind of over it all, so when the guy who also apparently just got there came back over to ask how everything was, I told him how there'd been several misses over the course of our time there and I really couldn't see myself coming back. He apologized & said he'd just gotten there (yeah, I gathered that much), and next time he came by he said he'd take care of our food. The 4 tacos cost less than our 2 drinks, so I guess that's good for them.

Food-wise, it was meh. Salsa was decent, but had no spice at all. Chips OK. The veggie and the beans & cheese tacos were pretty good; the baja & chicken tinga tacos, not so much. All together, food would have been a solid 3 stars, & beer selection is decent. The myriad customer service faults dropped it to 1 star. Raised to 2 stars because at least the dude comped the food part of our bill, & one of the other dudes had brought us a second thing of chips & salsa because our food was taking so long.
Corn salad and the guacamole is fantastic! The tacos have a nice fire roasted flavor. Beer selection is extensive and the bartenders are nice and attentive. Garret took good care of us. I love this place! I will be back.
The food was great! Service below expectations. What ruined it for me was a chef walking around drinking beer outside with patrons.  Then he came inside walking around with beer in hand giving employees direction. Then he asked some patrons to do shots with him at the bar. Not very professional.
Best. Place. Ever!!

This spot was once a hang for my girl and I when it was called another name. I wasn't sure what to expect when it became a new establishment. On a whim I took my band mates there last night for a real chill hang. It also happened to be Happy Hour (we showed up around 12:30 am) 

First, we were totally welcomed by great great staff. . Super nice, informative on beer selection and food options. Staff A+ 

I am a big fan off unique beers AND THEY'VE GOT EM! Beer A+ 

The decor in this place blew me away! Completely different and way way better than the "old place" Vibe and Decor A+

FOOD!! These tacos were grand. And I was happy to see at 1 am they would put great effort into a well made taco. Fresh, tasty and with an awesome presentation. FOOD A+

I will be back religiously. Thank you to the staff (sorry can't recall names =o) for being gracious and welcoming!

Go To Tacos & Beer!

Epic
Came to tacos and beer for happy hour today for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised! I'm always happy to see quite a few vegetarian options on the menu. The veggie taco was delicious! I can't wait to try to jicama salad next time. 
We had 3 tacos, 2 margaritas and 2 Pacificos for 20 bucks! Can't beat that!
I had a great experience sitting at the bar, the bartender was very nice and the ambiance is great for watching a sporting event in a low key environment. 

The items I had were: 

Corn salad- more like a corn salsa, went well with the chips

Pineapple habenaro salsa- good flavor profile but didn't care for the apple sauce like consistency 

Cilantro lime rice- cooked well but could barely make out the cilantro and lime 

Carne Asada- extremely salty 

Pork al pastor- this was my favorite of the three tacos because it had the most balanced flavors 

Fish- very juicy fish but a little salty and was not a fan of the flour tortilla

Churros- cooked to perfection, maybe a little too much cinnamon sugar but this was my favorite of the night 

Overall, this restaurant is very promising and sets itself apart from other Vegas restaurants with its friendly and competent service.
Often go here late at night for happy hour and they have $2 and $3 tacos and cheap beer specials. The flavour is amazing! The service is fantastic! I recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious taco-- not overly authentic but still has lots of delicious Mexican flare. Relatively new-- I have a feeling they will do well!
Been there 2x both times tacos were delicious! Servers need a lil more help getting the drinks out faster but the food is great! Can't wait to go again!
Yeah, the reviews don't lie. This place was pretty awesome. The décor is nice, the staff super friendly and there's good food with lots of variety on the beer menu.

There's not a lot I can add to the previous reviews, so just take my word for it...you're gonna like it. I'm excited to head back
I am staying at the Residence Inn and was looking for a late lunch. Was contemplating the Sub Shop next door but saw the sign "Tacos & Beer" and thought what could be better than that! I was pleased with the blues filled bar and many taps. The menu is simple alacart style and you can mix your order any way you like. Prices are low and the food was off the charts good. Oh did I mention happy hour from 3-6 and 11 to close with $3 Mexican beer, $4 Margaritas and a great selection of tacos for $2 & $3. This is going to be my regular stop for the best tacos around.
Amazingly bad service, with great food. Our server abandoned us after we ordered, not allowing us to order anymore drinks or even refill what was on the table. There was around a forty minute period after we finished eating that nobody came over, eventually we flagged down a bus boy who got the waiter. And then our bill included items we didn't even order.

Edit:  The manager reached out to me and discussed the situation.  It sounds like it was just a hiccup that comes with a rookie staff in a recently opened restaurant.  The manager was truly excellent in how he handled my complaints.  I have changed my review score to reflect the food more highly rather than the service, because I believe the service will improve with time.  The food is truly good and they have the best craft beer menu in the area by far.
Great atmosphere, great food. My friends and I were looking for a place after work to just relax. We found this place and were not dissapointed. We sat at the bar and ordered tacos and some cocktails. I recommend the Puerco Verde taco and for signature drinks,  I recommend the Dirty South Andy. Just an overall great experience!
I had such high hopes for this place since my coworkers talked it up so much. The carne asada tacos were bomb. Shrimp tacos were meh, I wish I would've ordered more carne asada instead of the shrimp. Service was very slow it took like 15 minutes to get my beer and they're always out if Dos Equis (according to my coworkers). We had a group of 8 so we had a decent sized table. Almost every order was messed up and only two checks came out right. It took her 20 minutes to correct the issue. The guy bringing out the food was getting frustrated because nothing was right they were clearly upset with us because we kept telling them "This is the wrong order." Or "We're missing a taco from this order." But hey we're paying for our stuff so I think our orders should be correct. I'll probably try this place one more time before I give up on it. Hopefully I'll have an updated review soon! Oh and I don't recommend the frozen margaritas $7 for a small super weak drink it's good for light weight ;)
Wow. Ok.. first of all... 

WHY IS IT ALWAYS SO BRIGHT FOR EVENING SERVICE? it seriously kills any chance for ambiance. 

SO...Finally getting a chance to visit this spot since the change over from Firefly. Ok, here's what was good. The food tasted right, nothing muddied in the flavors and clean executions with seasoning. "Mexican" style food can often get a lil crammed in with too much going on. You can tell that quality marinades, and proper prep work went into the grub here. 

Having said that... Service was really lacking. 

The female server that greeted us, never came back until we were near done with food. The guy that appeared to be the busser, took our orders and served most of the meal, then he disappeared and the manger served us. 

The drinks literally took 17 minutes for 1 house Margarita, and 1 beer. The second round took 12 minutes, and the third took 18 minutes! I couldn't help but time it because it was so ridiculous. In addition, the Margaritas came to the table without the 'salt foam' and had to go back to the bar 3 different times just to be fixed. The food we ordered actually arrived before the first round of drinks. 

On top of it, its just sloppy all over. Not one inkling that any type of service training is going on here. It's not that serious when you're in a casual-ish spot like this.. but when things you order aren't coming out in a timely manner or made properly.. it's just not cool. 

The staff was all over the place, seemingly in a panic over the service. Everyone was so frantic, and things were not happening to make it a good experience for someone dining. Couldn't even get water glasses for my buddies that joined us.  

Wouldn't take much to make this place as popular as Firefly. Currently, they need a lil adjusting. Happy Eating!
Hands down the best tacos I've ever had!!! The "rajas con creme" and "veggie" are my favorite! The house margarita or red beer are the perfect compliment to these entrees. The service was amazing! The bartender even remembered me from a previous visit! Everyone was friendly and knowledgable of the menu and specialty drinks. The manager "Chuy" checked on me to make sure I was happy. The restaurant was clean and the seating very comfortable. They also offer outdoor seating under a covered patio. I would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends and family!
Do these people not have taste buds? Not only was I disappointed but I was shocked for how much the bill was for the 3 tacos and a drink. First off I'm Mexican and in no way does this food taste authentic. The tacos were dry and the the mix paloma drink was awful. This place honestly makes Roberto's taco shop seem delicious. Save yourself the trouble and just go to firefly. The food may be expensive there but at least the ceviche they make will be 10 times better than at this place.
Best tacos ever! Prices are great and quality is even better- all of their food and tacos are like art which are complimented well with the service of their staff and artistic design of the restaurant. Definitely the place to go for some good food and drinks!
Tacos & Beer is muy delicious! happy hour starts at 11pm which includes $2 beers and $3 tacos! My favorite is the pork verde tacos. Super nice employees and a very cool vibe a must see for locals and visitors.
Hi Yelpers, this is my first review, and to be honest the first time I have been absolutely compelled to write a review. I only wish I had pictures to illustrate my point.

My story goes: I spent all night driving to Vegas with a jonesing for some tacos and I stumbled upon this spot. The ambiance, menu and staff were great (4.5 out of 5). Now the food was... horrible. The chips were stale (I dunno how that even happens?), and the tacos were uneatable. No flavor whatsoever, and the ingredients seemed a day old. The final straw was when I opened my al pastor taco and saw a single piece of cilantro! Just one piece! These cooks bestowed no pride or effort into making these tacos, I would have been better served at TacoBell (and I hate saying it). My only mistake was taking my food to go, or else I would have demanded my money back! I wish this restaurant well, and maybe they can turn it around but until then, stay away, far far away from this place. 

In a nutshell: The taco's are equivalent to cafeteria food, but the ambiance is great, and unless thats your thing don't waste your money.
I have done pick up since place is so close to my job but last Friday was first time I at inside. The food is awesome but service is not that great. It took over 15 minutes to get our 2nd drink order placed and another 20 minutes before they even brought them back. They weren't even busy so I don't know why they took so long. Also I wanted to try the frozen margarita with sangria but the sangria wasn't frozen so had to settle for a a regular frozen margarita.
We started our evening with the margaritas which were made with tajín salt foam, fresh squeezed lime and agave nector, and it just got better from there.

The guacamole was rich and chunky. The tacos were all great, but our favorite was the pork al pastor. The meat was marinated with achiote and chipotle and covered on avacado cream. The pineapple was a nice touch. 

Our server Daniel was fantastic. Great sense of humor and a lot of fun. 

This was a great surprise after arriving to the airport hours earlier. I would highly recommend it!
AWESOM!!!   Great food, great beer and great service. Fresh made tortillas!!!!  The freshest fish tacos!!!  Corn salad was great along with the black beans!!!   Will eat there the next time!!!   Cool place to go.  Nice selection of bees!!!!!   And reasonable prices!!!!   Get off the strip and EAT there!!!
BE CAREFUL! It is SO easy to fill up on the chips and salsa. Start with their delicious guacamole and be sure to add the pomegranate and pumpkin seeds for $1. Typically carne asada is the way to go, but it's definitely further down the list here. Not because it's bad, but because there are others that are simply incredible. 

If you like fish Tacos, try the grilled or fried Mahi Mahi, it's very tasty and full of flavor. The beef options are plentiful with lengua, ground, and steak. Then their are a few veggie options, which I haven't tried, and finally... The coup de grace, the pork. First is the pork Verde, which is pretty much sauce less and has (get this) pork rinds. It's very tasty. Lastly, their pork al pastor is to die for. Pineapple, some delicious sauce, perfectly prepared pork and more. Literally the perfect taco. 

On top of the food, this joint has the BEST brews in Vegas. I'm a snob about this stuff, and believe me, the selection is INCREDIBLE. 

Anyway, if you're on Yelp, you clearly will try this place out before got believe me. Do it. You won't be disappointed.
There seems to be a lot of rave around this place.  Let me be completely honest with this place and say that it's very average.  Some of the tacos are really good, many of them are very average, and a few of them are not good at all. It's about $2-$4 per taco, and they are very small.  You will get one order of complimentary chips and salsa, and then you have to pay to have a refill.  I think I ended up paying about $12 for my lunch, and I was pretty hungry afterwards. The environment is very casual, with plenty of televisions to watch any sports games going on. I haven't had the alcohol, so I can't speak to any of that.  As far as the food goes, it's very average and you could get a much better taco at Los Tacos or Tacos El Gordo. I wouldn't avoid eating here, but this would definitely not be my destination of choice.
This place is amazing! Craft beers are my favorite and they have an amazing selection. Told Hank the bar tender/ GM  what I was in the mood for and knew the perfect beer to go with some killer tacos! I live in LA and I will drive to Vegas just to go back to this place.
This is amazing, interesting mexican food made with great care. Delicious food at a surprisingly great price!
You must do this place for happy hour!! $2 tacos $3 Mexican beer.  The tacos were super delish.  A nice twist on Mexican meets America.  We enjoyed one al pastor and one barbacoa crunchy.  They are bigger than traditional tacos., so $2 is way cheap.  The service was great, too.  We'll be back!
Food was great but our server was horrible. Didn't check on us at all. . As we wanted to order more food. . No water refill.. waited a good 10 to 15 for our check. As servers/managers ourselves in the business, This was not acceptable & very disappointing.
Place was recommended to us by a staff member at the Hard Rock.... Thank you !!!
I am pretty sure the mahi mahi fish taco was the best I have ever had. I also got a shrimp taco- just as delicious. My husband said his 4 were off the hook. Great selection of Microbrew beers on tap- Homerun !! Friendly helpful staff and very good prices.
Tacos and beer!! It's that simple.

Located along Paradise Rd and a little past East Twain, Imperial Tacos and Beer is situated in a decent sized strip mall across from Marrakech. If you are local, it's where the old Firefly was located.

I'll start by saying this: Don't fill up on starters. The Guac crab and mango starter is great but is filing.

The tacos here are great, sampling variety from Crunchy to Baja Fish but the one the I can recommend is the Verde Pastor. Plenty of flavor with an interesting combo of ingredients. The servings are a little bigger than your regular street tacos so don't worry you won't be hungry later.

The beer selection is extensive. The menu has most of the beers broken down into simply categories that are easy to follow. If you want an updated beer menu check the blackboard beside the bar.

As for the service, our busser and host were awesome. The busser took our orders and recommend different tacos. The sever wasn't really around that much.

The hostess was amazing, she had a very extensive knowledge of beer and was amazing in recommending. Management better change her to the bar or someone is going to scoop her up!

Overall
Food: 4-5
Drink: 4-5
Service: 3-5
Coming back: yes
Ok, if I could give 0 stars I would.  My boyfriend and I had heard really great things about this place and it was the most disappointing dining experience we have had.

We were greeted friendly and the atmosphere is nice and there's plenty of TVs if you're into sports and that's where the good ends.  It took 10-15 minutes to get our drinks after we ordered.  Another 15 minutes later our order was finally taken.  We tried asking our server for recommendations and he seemed confused.  After we ordered out appetizer they kept bringing us appetizers that weren't ours and we had to keep reminding them what we ordered.  Then after 30 minutes of sitting there a random plate of chips and salsa were dropped off.  We again thought this was a mistake since complimentary chips and salsa do not take 30 minutes.  

Our service varied from server to buser and neither seemed to have a clue what was going on or what was in the dishes.  It seemed like it was their first day open and not they had been open for months or that you would even know they owned other businesses.  When we did finally get our food the tacos were salty and lacked any other flavor with maybe a teaspoon of meat in them and the ceviche looked worse than something my cat vomited up to be quite blunt and honest.  Just isn't a better to describe that - it definitely was not fresh.  And after their other business has had food scandals with the media you would think they would have this figured out.

The worst part was watching the one gentleman who greeted us bust his butt around the place while the owner walked around aimlessly and his wife was only concerned with chatting with one table of their friends and walked by not only us by several other patrons multiple times without even asking if the food was ok or anything at all.

Terrible food, terrible service.  Sad - I wanted it to be good.
For starters, the guacamole is amazing, I get it with pumpkin seeds and  crab...so so so good. I have also worked my way through all the tacos, the carne asada, shrimp, puerco verde, and beef barbacoa are favorites, the verde one has pork rinds, and the barbacoa is in a crunchy shell and has mashed potatoes in it.....MASHED POTATOS...this fat kids dream of course. Another dish i love are the Sopes, i cannot describe them, but they are amazing. For dessert, do yourself a favor...get the churros.....the best i have ever had! It comes with 2, they have this caramelly goodness or something in the middle and chocolate dipping sauce....just order them.

Im not a huge beer person but they have quite a selection, the bartenders were awesome, we come on Friday nights and Stephany and Garick are behind the bar, they are so much fun. The hostesses and servers are always so nice.
This is truly a must see, I agree.  Such amazing voice and dance talents that perform throughout the night.  And of course you have to see the beautiful Holly Madison.  

Doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in and see the band tucked away within the wall, you know you are somewhere special.  

Go order yourself a pisco sour and have a good time.  This will be a hot spot on the strip in no time.
Though I made it late to the party (a little after 2 am) and all the fun shows I heard about were over, I thoroughly enjoyed my time here.

I had been hearing about this place for weeks, and being a speakeasy themed lounge lover, knew that I had to pay this place a visit. I raced over to the Mandalay via the walkways from the Luxor and walked about halfway thru the casino before I found a security guard who had heard of the place and turned me in the right direction. Turns out I had passed it, it's so discreet outside, nestled underneath the escalators connecting the two hotels, across from Criss Angel's magic shop.

The outside, as I mentioned, is pretty discreet, showing only a desk tucked in a corner in front of a gorgeous gilded mirror with a couple of bookcases and various other decor surrounding it and that famous white 20's car off to the side. I found a guy just outside and asked if it was still open. He said they were coming to a close but there were still some partiers inside, opened up a bookcase to reveal a door and a dimly lit hallway, and I was in.

Everything about the inside politely taps you on the shoulder, telling you you've been transported to a 20's era speakeasy and you don't want to go back. One walkway around the bar has a few black and whites taken during the time period while another surprises you with a small stage in the wall for a band, instruments set up with musicians or not. At the center lies the main stage, more long than wide, with what appeared to be a smaller bar down alongside it, slightly below stage level so as not to interfere with the acts, comfy chairs and tables lining the area. An upright piano sits discreetly off to the side of the stage, not too far from the DJ's booth, also nicely blending in with the decor. In the midst of all that raised in the center of the lounge is the main bar, a nice square fully stocked with the makings of their specialty cocktails and any other drink concoction you desire. 

Employees are  dressed as newsboys or corseted gals as they cheerfully and quickly take your drink orders. As they were winding down I was unsure if I'd be able to sample a cocktail, but as I hoovered on the bar, a friendly blonde brought me a menu and happily made me a drink, making suggestions when I asked. I ordered That Strange Rush, a delicious blueberry liquor mixture, that had me wishing I had arrived earlier for more. The bar area has many more tables and chairs, all elegant and comfy.

I roamed the place beverage in hand to check out the landscape and stumbled upon the cigar room, decorated with nice white couches and portraits, keeping with the 20s theme.

Everyone was very friendly and inviting, I never felt like I was intruding as I worried I might, coming in so late. The other party's seemed to be enjoying themselves as well, joint with the bartenders as if they were old friends while sipping their drinks.

I finished my drink and regretfully left, walking down an adjacent dimly lit hallway near the entrance and discovering I had walked thru a brick wall by the car.

I definitely want to come back again, this time for the shows!
Discreet, Intimate, and Las Vegas
Is this a lounge, nightclub, or the refractory period after a successful night in Las Vegas?

Speakeasy - It is not as easy as it sounds.  If you are unfamiliar with the prohibition era you need to know Las Vegas embodies speakeasies and Holly Madison has brought it back with a modern twist.  Like all speakeasies discretion is key.  Inconspicuously tucked in the corner the typical tourist may literally walk past this place because it is seemingly a small bar yet it is camouflaging the experiences within.  This was a soft opening.  With next to no advertisement the onus is on you.  My wife knew where to go.  

You'll see a car, but not the usual car surrounded by slot machines begging to be won. Next to it a well dressed, well groomed man to screen wanderers for the 21+ limit.  I casually struck up conversation and inserted the name of the bar like a secret pass-phrase.  The bouncer knew what I meant and told us the unique password that would grant my spouse and I access.  Tonight was "Cold War".  The secrecy and use of codes words threw me back in time to the age of illegal pleasures (and alcohol was illegal).  I moved toward the bar and then used this pass-phrase in a sentence.  "I'm glad the cold war is over," and, reminiscent of a spy film, the secondary bouncer agreed in kind, allowing access to the bar.

When we finished our beverage we progressed to a wonderfully hidden passageway to enter 1923: Bourbon & Burlesque.  Tonight was the second night of operation, the "soft opening."  Everything was clean and crisp, and begged to be toured.  There is the cigar room with paintings on the wall demanding the masculine man to breathe in its offerings.  We found our seats on the ground level in front of the main "stage."  The bar may be appear small, but I prefer to say intimate.  You can mix and mingle with like minded persons, but I relaxed with my wife.

The bar is fairly priced for the strip.  

Now, to get to my review:  
Many of the men, from the bouncer outside to the band members inside wore the typical fedora or Newboy hat.  There were other hats of that era why not try them out?  See Cloche hat for women, or the Bowler, Homburg and Straw Boater for men. And the Cocktail servers looked like they came off their shift from dancing on the card tables.  Change their attire please.  You can still be sexy.  Speaking of, the cocktail waitresses were no where near the version of 1920s beauty.  See Christina Hendricks in Mad Men.  

I was not a fan of the DJ playing bass bumping music.  Was I in a speakeasy or an attempt at being another club?  Refer to The Great Gatsby and encourage use of the dance floor.  However, as the night progressed things changed from a club to speakeasy with a live band playing off to the side.  The band played mixed songs, more instrumentals of modern music which was perfect for me.  The volume was a bit too loud for my taste, it seemed I was yelling at my wife sitting right next to me.  Allow patrons to have an even conversation about their Vegas conquest without feeling like shouting.  

The Bar and service.  Service was great or perhaps they were overstaffed?  Cause of the soft open.  The first bar you see is the mixology bar, where they can work their magic conjuring any drink you desire.  I went to the secondary bar.  I was able to strike a conversation with the bartender, as though we already knew each other.  We shared a laugh and I enjoyed whiskey.  Oh, no ice please, I prefer whiskey stones.

Then there is the performances.  This makes everything worth it.  Remember how I said this was intimate? Well, if you don't have a good seat, then good luck. The layout is too flat, practically one leveled.  But we were lucky. 
The burlesque performances are supported by Holly Madison aka "The Girl Next Door" and she did not fail to put on a show.  Being so close quartered, performers secretly go on stage and the only queue is the change in music, which calmly pulls your attention to the show.  I don't think you'll find a more sultry respectable performance like this anywhere on the strip (and industrial is NOT the strip).  
The piano-singer interaction made me feel I was the only one tucked away in the forbidden speakeasy being serenaded.  One of the singers, even came down to the crowd to entertain us with her vocals.  SKYE .. With an "E" for EVERYTHING.  This was not all at once but spread throughout the night; however, I would prefer that someone sing between shows to add to the background band.

My wife and I went on the second night of their soft opening, so things may have changed.  So, why 5 stars?  Even though I have a few critiques I see all its potential.  Our hands on experience and the atmosphere made this local couple look forward to coming back.  Besides, you may run into a celebrity or two.
Loveeeeeed This place! I'm a huge holly madison fan and support anything she does! Me and mom went here after the Britney Spears show and we loved all the dancing and singing! The staff is so friendly! Recommend this place it's very laid back and fun!!
Time machine back to the Great Gatsby and all the glamour and glitz that is so hard to find now a days. Great addition to the Las Vegas night life.  Recommend to try one their in-house barrel aged whiskey drinks put together by the bar manager and phenomenal mixologists. Holly Madison can be proud of this place. File under places you have to visit before you leave Las Vegas. BTW if you are having a hard time finding it, the entrance is hidden behind a book case.
Taking up residence where Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce used to be is the newest Speakeasy to hit the strip. There's something fun and exciting about entering through a secret door and needing a password to get in. 

I wasn't sure of the stats on the place, so I had called Mandalay Bay box office and the woman had no info to give me, I wasn't sure if we needed tickets prior, or if we purchase there, I then searched the actual 1923 website and didn't get any info there as well. I ended up speaking with concierge and she was the most helpful, this is the info I can pass along to others:

*No cover charge for locals
*$20 cover for non-locals 
*If you're interested in getting a table, you can email info@1923lv.com and they should get back to you within 24 hours.

If you show up around 10p and get yourself a seat at the bar, you'll have a perfect view for the stage, the entire place only holds 150 people, and the place got packed really quick, there were no seats or anywhere to stand by 11. Holly Madison performs 3 times nightly, and the shows run from 11p-2a. 

Jazz band plays intermittently throughout the night as well as a house DJ. They have a small specialty cocktail menu, Pisco Sour included. Our bartender, Marvin, was able to create a cocktail off menu by us telling him what our likes are. 

They have a cigar room in the back and they also sell them at the bar. They do allow smoking in the lounge, and it did get pretty smokey between the cigarettes and cigars, so be warned. 

I loved the burlesque dancers, the 1920's inspired outfits of the cocktails waitresses and bartenders were classy, and the prohibition style cocktails were good. I'd for sure come back.
Realty fun speakeasy bar in Mandalay bay right below escalator of the Mandalay bay shops. Drinks are great and service and burlesque show was fun. My new favorite place in Vegas!
Cool place but it took 45 mins to get a drink at the bar and it wasn't even that busy. There were 2 bartenders and one was too busy watching the girls on stage to wait on customers.
Whoa, what an incredible... list of bourbon!  Well hello nurse.  I mean, such hard to find bourbon.  OMG, really, how do they do that??  Uhhhh. What???

A speak easy from the 1920's, and while sure, Vegas Strip'esque (you walk up to a seemingly innocent bar only to be escorted into a fantasy world of beautiful women), it serves up the best bourbons the States has to offer.

Angel's Envy, Elijah Craig 21, E.H. Taylor Small Batch, Pappy's 23yr old Grand Reserve (which they are currently out of).  It's all there for the taking if you're willing to pay.  And pay your will.  Very high  Vegas markups.

Minimum charge for a seat or table ($50 if you want to stand), but well, well, well worth it for the burlesque show.  Not too racy, very suggestive.  Good audience mix from guys to gals all having a good time.

A true hidden gem of a night spot and one deserving of a try for any bourbon enthusiast.

Wait, what were we talking about...

HUH....
My husband and I went on Wednesday night and even though there wasn't much going on, the bartender, Paul, made excellent drinks and we had an amazing time in such a classy place. We will always come back for this type of atmosphere! Love it
We had such high expectations of this place. We got there about 9:30 pm and the bar stools were all taken. We were given the rundown on the $50 / person seats and took two near the dj booth. The drink menus on the tables make no mention of bourbons. I ended up with a mojito, without fresh mint. Turns out you have to ask for the bourbon menu separately. They had a couple dozen listed. Most were the mass produced big name brands, none worthy of the money they were charging.They had one bourbon cocktail listed. Later I asked the waitress for an ashtray, which she brought over. I started to enjoy my cigar when the manager said you can only smoke cigars in the separate back room. And it just kept going.down hill from there. We got back to our table, and one of the beers we left there was gone. 

Before the show starts one of the performers was standing next to me and actually flicked her ashes on my arm!!! Now the show starts, and if you are not at one of the front tables your view is blocked by everyone that moves up from the bar area. $50 for obstructed view!! We had to sit up on the railing to get glimpses of the stage.

There was no live band the night we went, and from what we could tell Holly came out for one song. We were expecting a 1920's experience. What we got was blaring 80's music.

The show was good, from what we could see of it. The dj doubled as the lighting guy and had to adjust the spotlight sitting on the dj booth to light up the performers.

They only had two waitresses on, and they ran their butts off. 

This place doesn't know what it wants to be. If bourbon is in the name, have signature bourbon drinks. If it's supposed to be a 1920's speakeasy have a1920's atmosphere.
We had a great time! I made reservations 2 weeks in advance for Saturday night and we had front row seats! The bartender Paul was amazing and he kept the drinks coming in all night long!  
The burlesque show was fun and the ladies did a great job.  
I would recommend this to anyone going who wants to have a fun time with friends!
Love this place. Great drinks and fun atmosphere. Small and intimate. The show performers are AMAZING and talented :) Definitely a fun place to grab drink with friends. Holly Madison performed when I was there and I was really impressed. Would be a fun place to go for a girls night or bachelorette party. Service was good and servers are friendly. Thought it was cool that we needed a password to get in. Would def go back!
Thank goodness for drinks at Whiskey Down at MGM before dinner one night! The bartender asked my sister and I our plans for the night and we told him after dinner we were going to the Michael Jackson One show at Mandalay Bay and then we wanted to go somewhere with a more laid back feel, not so much a club since we did that the pervious nights. He told us to go to this feel good,unique "lounge" that had recently opened and it was somewhere actual locals frequented. He described the atmosphere to us and we were immediately intrigued. Once arriving there was a small bar out front with an old timey car but no official door to get in, we were confused at first until the doorman asked how we found it and pushed aside a bookcase to a secret door into the club. We told him the bartender at Whiskey Down told us about it and we got in for free, which was a plus. The inside was exactly how you would imagine in the era of The roaring 20s with the dark lounge, saxophones, piano and stage. Very Great Gatsby like. One of the performers came on about 10 minutes after we arrived and even though there is nudity it was very classily done. I definitely recommend this "speakeasy" spot to anyone looking for something different than the same old loud and bumping clubs that can be found on every corner. Can't wait to come back in January!
I barely watched the burlesque show and I didn't have any bourbon. That being said, I still enjoyed 1923. The cocktails were tasty, the decor plush and sexy, the cigar room cool. 

I'd love to return to watch the show in its entirety.
We went here after dinner for my birthday.  We got here a little early and ordered some drinks.  Our bartender Marvin created a great Chocolate Martini as pictured below.  He also created two gin drinks that were great just based on my husband saying he was a gin guy! After my chocolate martini I told him I wanted something different that wasn't too sweet but had some fruit flavor he created a drink that was like a lemon drop only better!! (Picture below)We had a few drinks and watched some of the show.  The girls are amazing! I highly recommend this place but it does get packed so come early or book a table a ahead of time if you have a lot of people on your party!

Also Marvin is a fantastic bartender he was in the center bar when we went hopefully he is there for you.
Every time I go to Vegas, which is often, I always try and mix it up and try something new. This trip was no exception as 1923 was on the lineup for our group of 25 last weekend. Let me just summarize it like this: if you are looking for more of a lounge feel with a very sexy vibe, you just stuck gold! The service from the door staff, the bar staff and the management all made sure the experience was top notch. The dancers are amazing and the designated cigar room with all the cool art really put the icing on the cake! This place is perfect for both guys and girls, everyone will enjoy themselves!
I can finally say I have found the difference between poor, mediocre and great Mexican food.  Mercadito is by far the best Mexican I've had. The balance of spice, sweet and sour on all dishes were hands down phenomenal.
We waited a 1/2 hour;  there were empty tables, I guess reserved.  The service was great when we got the waiter, Xavier.  Food was good when the Chef got it right .  Dishes are small, they recommend appetizers.  If u are hungry do not go here.  Nice ambiance.
Viva Mercadito!  Great happy hour! great food and my favorite server Lainie! The margaritas were delicious.  Traditional margarita was a perfect blend. We had guacamole which was served with your choice of salsa. We chose the tomatillilo.  It was fresh and delicious.  We sampled some of the Happy Hour tacos.  The carnitas was sweet smokey heaven!  The swordfish was charred blackened and just the right amount of fish.  The deep fried Mahi was so fresh.   The patio is beautiful and faces Red Rock.   I can't wait to come back for dinner!
I've been anxiously waiting for Mercadito to open and it finally has!! 

Mercadito has some great offerings! From their multitude of draft and frozen cocktails to their tacos that are oh so original. 

They are currently only open for dinner but will be opening for lunch on the 7th of July and on July 21st for Brunch. They will serve brunch from 11:30am-3:00pm, Lunch hours will be 11:30am-4:00pm. Dinner starting at 4pm everyday. 

I sampled the pina and toreado guacamoles and both were fresh and fabulous! The toreado has a curry type flavor which an article by Seven recently stated it was Maggi. Yum! Definitely the umami taste they are hoping you will have. 

I also had a Carnitas de Puerco taco which is braised pork belly, seared til crispy on the outside and a fresh and crispy slaw. The sauce on this was so yummy!  As well as the Pollo taco...chicken, corn and avacado. What more can you ask for on a taco. NO hot sauce required. The flavors are definitely unique. 

On to the best part....cocktails!!! (We did not have beer but they have the usual suspects) The have the new fad of draft cocktails, we had the Cheeky Cheeky Boom Boom, sure to make you cheeky  with vodka and elderflower liqueur. Oh man! Just so good! We also had The Turista, tequila, grapefruit, cherries. The ingredients say there is Black Pepper Syrup and BBQ Bitters in this drink and I would not have ordered it thinking they would be too overwhelming....they were not and I didn't know that until I reviewed the menu. It was a great drink, the grapefruit wasn't too sour, nice light taste. The cherries in this drink really make it a treat. We had samplings of so many other cocktails, they were all good.  But my least favorite was the Pepino el Pyu, a frozen cocktail made with cucumber. It was strong! But that wasn't the down fall the down fall, for me, was the cucumber but that's a personal preferance. The salt rimmings on the glasses are all awesome too! Very creative flavors. 

The staff was super nice and friendly, very outgoing, The crowd enjoyed everything and I think most of us will be new regulars. 

Welcome to the neighborhood!
Good food. Cool atmosphere. Prices are high!! If you work in the hospitality industry go Tuesdays! 50% off or try their happy hour.
Amazing combination of flavors!

I love the ambiance of this venue - modern chic!  They also blew out the back wall and created an open floor plan leading to an outdoor patio! It totally brightens up the place. The bar leads from the inside and continues outside. We sat at the outside bar area and even though it's HOT out, it was actually nice so we decided to continue dinner there as well.

Try the following and you won't be disappointed (Mind you I didn't order any shellfish because of the boyfriend's allergy, so the list is small today):

V-9 Cocktail - This is now on my top five cocktails I've ever had!
Toreado Guacamole - My favorite (I think it might even be better than mine!)
Tocino Guacamole (Bacon & Corn) - My 2nd favorite
Carne and Pancita tacos are equally delicious. We couldn't decide which were better!

The Pancita tacos had pork belly sprinkled with CHICHARRON!

When I go back next time, I will definitely try the short ribs and every single shellfish dish. So sit tight for an update!
We went with a couple of families. There was 13 of us and the bill came to $340 and it was family - style.  I got 3 small tacos,  mac ' n cheese, a tiny quesadilla that the kids wouldn't touch.  Go to Rubio's.  Go somewhere else.  This place is a huge rip-off.  I am still flabbergasted at the gall of this place to have the prices they have for the severing sizes that they provide.
Had early dinner on 7.3.14.  The place was surprisingly busy but was very well staffed. Got seated right away inside at a small table for the 2 of us. Service was really good. Got waters poured, server greeted us quickly and gave us the rundown of the restaurant. Ordered a couple draft beers and they were ice cold! :)
The food is meant to be shared. I feel it is Tapas style with Mexican flare. Traditional style guacamole was excellent. Ordered a trio of salsas and they were very good as well. For the main course we had swordfish and ongo veggie tacos. You get 4 small street tacos per order. They were both extremely good and definitely different than a traditional style Mexican restaurant. A little pricey but the food atmosphere and service were all excellent. Also they did have happy hours prices and deals but you had to sit in the bar area.  The only negative was the tables were small and we sat very close to others. One side was a bench seat and the other a chair. We literally had conversations with both tables around us because it was like 
we were all eating together. :(
This is MY FIRST time enjoying This new restaurant!! The drinks are fantastic And The food has so much FLAVOR!   I would recomend to try The tacos FIRST! I need to come BACK AGAIN to try moré plates.
Was very disappointed with the service. We got sat at as first come first serve.  Sat at a 2 top table when there was clearly room for us (3). Then got kicked out cuz manager said we could not have 3 in area. Serious.....come on. Trying to support. But we can't when people act this way...
Food was great! Bigger tapas portions than firefly. Only things we didn't like we're the tortilla chips, they were too salty and the water tasted like tap water. Our server was very knowledgable, but not very friendly
Pretty disappointed in our experience here. Service was awful, server was unprepared and shouldn't have been on the floor in my opinion. Food was okay but desperately under seasoned (bring your own salt and pepper shakers). Best things we had were the plantains and the small mixed salad. Note to restaurant: I'm sure it's your spiel, but please remind staff it's not a good idea to offer "shots" to a guest who is 8 months pregnant.
Best Mexican in summerlin and possible in Vegas. Service, cocktails, food, atmosphere all top notch. Will be back next week. Happy hour great prices!
Ok... So if things come out one at a time...with the intention of sharing... Then let us know... 1 plate of tacos... 3 minutes... 2nd... 15 minutes....    then the price...Lets talk for a moment about value...     Tacos...   nothing else just tacos...salsa extra....chips extra.....    2 doors down at yard house 40% less costly for more and better food.   sat us in a table the size of elementary project table.... Not a fan.     Seriously with Yard House right next door and the price and value....  

Maybe they just opened and this experience was a flook, but it would take some convincing to go back.    Dissapoining
A fabulous experience at Mercadito.  The food was wonderful and the atmosphere was top notch. Yes, the tables may be a bit small and close together but if you have ever dined in any major city (i.e. New York, Chicago), then they actually seem large.  The cocktails were great as were the wide variety of mezcals to try. My favorites were definitely the maui mahi tacos and steak nachos. The serving sizes are fair and I definitely left feeling full.  I also recommend the grapefruit beer on tap for the summer.
Went there for lunch with my young daughter. Very disappointed! Small portions, large prices. Everything is ala carte including chips and salsa. There is no kids menu not any items on regular menu that are kid friendly, so don't take your kids. I ordered the shrimp tacos which came in a thick, spicy stew like sauce. They were horrible so I sent back and got carne asada tacos instead, which were fine but nothing special. 

Pretty sure that the positive reviews are coming from employees or someone with a vested interest in the restaurants survival so take those reviews with caution. 

If you're familiar with Red Rock then you know they've been undergoing a lot of changes recently in terms of restaurants and overall service most of them not for the better. This restaurant is no exception, which is too bad since RR in desperate need of a new hot restaurant. Cabo Wabo was better than this place.
Wow, they opened with a huge buzz and it has gotten bigger! Buuzzzzzz........
First, it's mucho exciting to have a Mexican joint at Red Rock! And one with a patio, to boot.
Agave and Dos Caminos, who both were located across the street recently, have been put to shame by Mercadito! 
Their signature fish tacos were very tasty, and the trio of guac and salsa made a great accompaniment! Tried the bacon guac, which is so good!
 Tacos are served 4 per order, and they encourage family style dining, but I'm not a fan of that. At happy hour, you can try 2 tacos for $5.50 or so and also partake in drink specials too!!!!!!
The carne asada tacos were very good too, and we also had the Mexican corn appetizer, which I really enjoyed and used as a taco topper. You heard it here first. 
The lobster tostada was good, but the lobster flavor was a little lost in the seasoning. It's served cold, and a great treat on a hot evening! 
Now, drinks..........really impressed with the Guave margarita!!!
Was one of the best margs ever! Fresh, flavorful and I got mine with the spicy salt garnish that elevates the presentation exponentially! 
We had the coconut and the chocolate flan for dessert, and that was a great ending to one of the best Mexican meals I've had in Vegas!
Ole.
Mercadito is a fence sitter

Located inside Red Rock Casino, just about 50 yards from Yard house. Mercadito is a Mexican themed tapas restaurant that has come to Las Vegas from New York and Chicago. 

This is a fence sitter review, why you ask? Well when restaurants open there bounds to be a few hiccups along the way. When we walked in we were sat to a table promptly. Unfortunately the table we sat at was really made for people from the Hobbit. The layout of the business is quite nice and has an array of seating options, but to seat 2 guys who well over 6 foot at kiddie tables was a little strange. We were told though that the small tables will be changed in a few days.

As for the menu, it has nice range of items to choose from. We went for the Guac and chips, Carne tacos and Pastor Tacos. All were pretty dam amazing! Absolutely something I can recommend. A few kinks here and there but for sure a place well worth visiting. I will also say for Mexican food it is a little pricey but kinda worth it.

Overall 
Food: 4-5
Drink: 4-5
Service: 3-5
Coming back: yes
After suffering the mediocrity of Agave, the terse life of Dos Caminos, and the overly authentic Toros, I was super excited to dine here.

Unfortunately I won't get the chance Due to a 'private event' booking the whole restaurant on a Tuesday after work. Nothing like spending millions on renovations and not letting locals access it. 

Thanks Mercadito, we're off to a great start.
Went here for lunch with high hopes. Happy to report the management, service and kitchen staff were models of efficiency and quite personable...however, the food was just plain disappointing. I don't mind paying more for high quality food with bold flavor, but what we were served was an epic fail.

Ordered guacamole as an appetizer...it was bland and chopped way too chunky. Chips were fine. We shared Carne tacos and a Polo torte...both were utterly unremarkable. I don't understand what all the hype is about (or what justifies four bucks for a soda with your lunch). Zero desire to return.
Expensive and generic.  After ordering our server informed us "since this is family style dining, each item will come out when its ready."   Looking around the room, I saw a lot of awkward tables where one person would have a plate of food, and the other people at the table had nothing.  It was also quite amusing to see a plate of four tacos placed on a table of 5 clearly hungry adults.  Their next dish came about 5 minutes later.  Focus seems to be on these taco plates which are $14.50 and comes with 4 tacos (all of the same type), which we were told were "perfect for sharing".   11 different kinds of tacos on the menu, but when ordering the plate, you're restricted to order 4 of the same. 

The food was very pedestrian, but what do you expect from a Mexican joint with locations only in Chicago and New York?

Manager gave us a "service industry card" to come back and try them again for 50% off on service industry night.  Might give it a second shot if we are around during that time, but will not make a special trip.
Obsessed with this place. The bacon guac is amazing. The trio of corn pico de gallo is sooo delicious! Pork belly tacos are out of this world. The mushroom tacos weren't my favorite. They offer bibb lettuce instead of tortillas for the tacos, which is great for the health conscious! Drinks are fab! Had the pineapple cilantro marg, and the passion fruit with heat. Best part:: if you work in the industry and go after 10 pm, everything is 50% off!!!!
I was pleasantly surprised, the food is really good! I had the Pastor tacos and they were excellent....lots of flavor with a citrus salsa, yum!  My husband has the Carne Asada Large Plate and it was also fantastic!  We started off with the queso...which is very good, but the size is laughable for the price. (The "skillet" could fit just one egg and that is what they serve the queso in.  It is basically a portion for one person, stretched to share for two people, but $10 is a bit high for that tad bit of cheese.)  They state in the beginning of dinner that everything is sharable so you assume large portions.  This is NOT the case. Unless you have a very small appetite, there is not much sharing that we were able to do.  The prices are definitely on the high side for the portion size, but the flavors were worth it as everything tasted good.  The only "negatives" which are more annoying than negative, are:  1) It can get quite loud as the bar noise takes over the dining room and 2) I realize they were trying to maximize the small space, but the little two-seater tables are quite small so you really hope to have good "neighbors" as your fellow diners.  I wish the seating area was different but definitely worth the try to this restaurant.  The food will be worth it! Make a reservation or you will be waiting a long time!
I read some bad reviews before going here so I was a little nervous,  but I really wanted to try this place so I went anyways... and I'm really glad I did because I loved it! I will definitely be going back! The food and drinks we tried were amazing and very decently priced! About $9 for a margarita,  $14 for a plate of 4 street tacos, $5.50 for a large side of fried plantains,  and about $9 for chips and guacamole (that one was a little pricey!).  My friend and I split every thing and ended the evening at about $30 each... really not bad for a nice dinner out in Vegas!  

The only thing I didn't like is that the consider themselves to be family style dining so they bring each dish out as its ready instead of bringing everything together. .. so my tacos came out 5 minutes after my friends. 

I highly recommend the mango Chipotle guacamole... it's got a unique sweet and smokey flavor that I loved. and the Pastor tacos... roasted pork with grilled pineapple,  yum! 

Since they are very new i also highly recommend you make a reservation!  I did and we were seated immediately but on a Friday night there were a lot of people waiting
Me and a friend ate lunch here... The food was good when it finally came out! Our waiter was consistent on us ordering smaller portions and taco... Our entree took about 40mins to come out... I talk to a manager "Oliver" that was extremely rude, he was giving us attitude and seamed like he wasn't happy to be there.... The staff was being reprimanded by him after the incident! extremely unprofessional the food was great! But this manager made everything uncomfortable.
Love love love Mercadito! I used to frequent the Miami location and was thrilled when they opened in summerlin. The food was amazing. Great guacamole and chips. I loved the carne asada tacos and the desert. Can't remember the name of the desert but it was amazing. The service was great. My husband left a good tip because he was do pleased with the constant attention. We'll be coming back over and over again.
went with another couple, for my wifes birthday. service was ok. food over priced and not very good. will not be returning, and i only live 1 mile away. small portions no chips, bean dip, ect on table. we have to many very good Mexican resturants here in vegas. will be suprised if they are still here by christmas.
by the way i am from Chicago but live in summerlin now.
Great spot!
If your looking for a plate of Mexican food covered in cheese and messiness...this is not for you!
Mercadito is an upscale tapas style Mexican restaurant. We went for couples date night (yes guys it's us!!) and damn near drank them out of tequila and shut the place down! 
Fish tacos...chicken tacos...shrimp tacos...beef tacos...pork tacos...so good they come 4 small tacos to an order so you can all try one. We also started with nachos...great flavor and presentation...not too messy looking! Only think I don't like is you have to order chips and salad separately (my opinion)
We also had rice and beans...Mac and cheese and Mexican corn...all food delivered with a bang. From the managers to the waitstaff and bartenders we got A+ service. We were 2 couple with kids in kids quest ( yes you know who we are) and we got a little rowdy and has a little too much fun but i think  we made up for it with our spending!
Can't wait to go back! New favorite date night couple spot! 
Well done Mercadito!
Good service, nice patio atmosphere, generous portions, excellent drinks. I would recommend the fish tacos and the house margarita, but skip the ceviche.
Have no idea why this place is getting bad reviews. Great drinks, great tacos, and service (besides the hostesses) was wonderful. So many tacos to choose from, and even the mixed greens salad was yummy. Great addition to red rock.
On this visit we stopped in for drinks only.... we sat at the patio bar, and tried the auntie ox and smokey Pablo- both very outstanding drinks! Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back and try the food!
I think the best way to think of this place is like Mexican Tapas. All portions are a few pieces or bites of each item. Dishes arrive as they are prepared. It makes for a great grazing meal and most will find they can fill up on far less because of the pauses between dishes. 

Great food and overall not too pricey. Our meals ended up running about $25 each, including an alcoholic beverage. 

While not an issue for me, the chief complaint my party had was the noise level. My parents are older and have trouble separating out noises in a loud place. This is not the place to go if you want to have a "quiet dinner."

All told, I will definitely return! :-)
The food here is amazing. The guacamole with bacon was fabulous. The tacos were really great! I had carne and swordfish. Also tried the lobster tostadas which were just ok... The cocktails were amazing though. My only complaint is that this restaurant gets incredibly loud when it's busy, but I didn't think that was worth taking away a star. Oh and keep in mind this may be Mexican food but don't expect cheap tacos, they're $15 for 4, but very delicious. Highly recommended to try this place!
Far less stellar than their claims of offering the best thing from Mexico since salma Hayek. Both fish tacos (grilled and fried) were unappealing. The steak, dry. The service was not friendly or welcoming even from the management. All of the salsas are small at $2.50 each (enough for just two people at best) and none of them are spicy according to our server. The three tacos on the plate at $11.50 a plate felt like a ripoff because they were so tiny. The side of rice and beans had no Mexican flavors whatsoever and were very bland. Sorry, we won't be back. And if anyone would have asked us how our meal was at any point through our meal, they very well could have won our business back by showing some care and concern. But they didn't, so we are good, we'll make Mexican food at home.
This place is amazing food is super good and made to share so if you go by yourself like I did it's easy to make friends and enjoy other around you. I recommend the shrimp enchiladas, tacos and the fried plantain. If you sit at the bat ask for Malerie and let her create you a cocktail.  This is a place you need to try great decor, service and food
Slow, indifferent and arrogant bar service on a slow afternoon. Food was not bad, maybe four stars, but the experience was totally marred by the service. Not worth the $75 dollar tab. I would normally leave $15 dollars on that tab, not today.
Heard a lot of hype about this place, so I gave it a try. The ambiance was nice and upscale, the waiters and waitress were all very nice, they always had a smile on there face. But now to the food, like the other reviews said its like a Mexican tapas, which can get expensive real quick. I ordered all 3 guacamole's that they offer and all of them were good but nothing that blew my mind.  Ordered the asada tacos and I thought they were just alright.. The asada chunks were to big for my taste..I also ordered the pastor tacos... Now those were pretty good. I really wanted some carnitas, but they did not offer that, so hopefully in the future they do.  All in all I was expecting more from all the hype I have been hearing... I will come back for sure, but I wish I found my go to Mexican restaurant, but I did not. The search continues...
The Pancita taco is outrageously awesome. Order it during Happy Hour (after 9PM) and get 2 tacos for $5.50. The Carne taco also great - tender and savory, almost Lengua-like.

The Camaron (shrimp) taco is slathered in what they call "Chipotle Mojo" sauce which is an orange-colored, Sunday sauce-like (but Mexican) curry-like concoction. It also makes an appearance on their nacho plates. The repurposing of this sauce on multiple menu items is questionable, and something about the look of it is a little off-putting. On the shrimp taco it completely shrouds the ingredients in an opaque orange layer. Close your eyes and it tastes alright, but the overall visual is somewhat IKEA-cafeteria-like. All tacos are served on skinny, rectangular plates, so aim your taco droppings well or you'll be saying "Chipotle Uh-oh" on yer pants.

The nachos have potential - served on a hot metal vessel atop a wooden plank. But I wish the nachos were made with 3X more warm hockey-game queso, like the famed Isla Nachos of pre-2013 Treasure Island days... Nacho Daddy is the closest you'll find these days.

Mercadito's Habanero salsa and other salsas on the side will be charged for to the tune of $3.50+, so heat-seekers be warned. The Habanero salsa itself lacks punch - probably the weakest Habanero heat I've experienced since the Habanero salsa craze started. Absolutely no comparison to the *free* secret Habanero served at Javier's.

I'm a fan of the Mexican cocktail menu. The 'Misty Sleeve' was hibiscus-y and refreshing. At $10.50 though, it's all the money. A solid, standard Margarita will set you back $8.50. Not terribly pricey, but not five bucks.

Enjoyed the warm 3-corn pico, but was hard to eat in a shallow glass bowl. Keeping the kernels from flying off the edge was challenging.

Currently running a pretty slangin' deal on Tuesdays for 'industry folk': 50% off your check!

Prices are generally above-average for average Mexican fare. This place is trying to compete with the likes of Javier's (at Aria) but lacks the generous portions, go-for-it flavors, and beautiful plating/presentation. If you're gonna charge 5X-6X more than a taco stand, your food needs to please your palate at least 2X more. That's weird going-out-to-eat math, but ni modo!
We had such high hopes for this place. 1st it was taking over one of our favorite burger & bloody mary places in Vegas, LBS so I guess the expectation was high. We went on July 4th afternoon. we got there about 5 minutes to 4pm where we were told in a very terse voice that "We don't open until 4pm" - no offer of you can wait etc but being the rude NYC transplant I am, I plopped my arse down on one of their hobbit sized chairs and waited. 
Ok 1st lets just say.. you are leasing space in a prime spot in a very busy casino and it's on a holiday - perhaps you should look at your market - and not stick to rules that apply to cities that are 10x the size of your local market. In NYC & Chicago maybe you can open for 6 hours a day and make your rent - but in Vegas that is a 24/7 tourist town where you are in a LOCALS casino.. perhaps you need to adjust for that. 

We were finally seated at 401pm. after some discussion between the staff of who to give us to.. You'd think they'd never viewed a 6'8" tall person and a 5'8" fat person before. 

Finally we were seated and our very peppy (and nice) waitress told us they were new & they served family style like a tapas bar. that confused me. family style is usually giant bowls/platters of food shared among all parties & tapas is small plates of food which your order many to share or not. oh and 3 times with the "we're new and just opened" - kewl. No problem with that. we know - we've seen the hype. 

Drinks: 
cocktails: we ordered Bloody mary's. pretty standard for any stocked bar. Nope. not one. not even any tomato juice to fake one. reason? "We're new" - so we ordered one of their shots of mescal & a glass of sangria. the shot was fine - the sangria was a mix of odd flavors none of which were to be associated with any sangria i've ever experienced in the 40 years I've been imbibing. & that would be ok if it was drinkable. 
so I McGuyvered my own. I ordered a shot of vodka and an empty glass, 2 orders of their roja salsa - grabbed the lime from the sangria and wallah a Bloody mary. 

Food: 
Corn on the cob: delicious. 
Salsas: very good especially their salsa verde, nice full flavor with the roasted tomitilloes shining through the right amount of spice. 
2 orders of tacos in lettuce cups (nice option since they don't have 1 flour tortilla in the place) carne - tender meat and nicely spiced. pastor: dry. 
Chicken enchiladas: it's been 12 days and actually I don't even remember how they tasted so it must not have made an impression. 

Service: 
Other than the major discussion at 355-401pm over us - btw - we could hear you, ladies - our service was ok. nothing special. I guess because they were new. LOL 
The manager came over and looked quizzically at my McGuyvered Bloody mary glass so I explained my situation. I'm pretty sure they overstaffed since they were new. and he took the sangria off my bill. 

Total bill with 2 shots: 90.00 + 20% tip. 

Now for what you've been waiting for and why it's only 2 stars. 
the hobbit chairs are hella uncomfortable for a person over 6' tall. yes they have bench seating but humpy so not much better. 
no bloody marys is a personal choice. 
Hours of operation
the stage whispered discussion when we arrived 5 minutes early (and in my defense their door was open and there were people milling about.. did i know it wasn't open? no i didn't. did i know the milling people were actually staff? no i didn't. sorry we interrupted your party) 
This is "mexican" food as envisioned by Victoria Beckham or maybe even Selma Hayek as touted on their website (which btw has NO hours listed) - and if that is your preference, this is a great place to be seen eating and sipping chic drinks. 
it is not a place for people who are fans of street food straight off the back streets of Mazatlan sans the expended bullets or those who think authentic mex is what you get at Taco bell.
Food was amazing!!!!!!

We ordered both the swordfish tacos and the wild mushroom tacos. 
Awesome that they were on corn tortillas (fresh baked in-house) so my glten-free husband could indulge.

i also got the fried plantains and they were perfect!

I'll be back soon!
We ate there the day it opened. No free chips and salsa. Very expensive Nd we left feeling hungry still.
I have traveled in Mexico and there is nothing  authentic about platanos with ginger dressing or drinks made of obscure ingredients.  They translate Mexican cuisine to mean add upscale sounfing ingredients into staples and ruin it.