New bars should be greeting customers with open arms, not ignoring them. So, I walked into here about 6pm on Thursday and I passed three dudes who were outside and then entered the bar which had a total of 5 customers drinking and no bartender in sight for a good 8 minutes. Turns out that the dude outside who was bullshitting with his buddies was the bartender and he also saw me walk in past his motley crue. If your the bartender and your outside and a customer walks inside, you would assume to go back in and get me a drink? Not this loser, but he finally appeared inside only too not get me a beverage again. Normally, I'm not shy and would yell out, but this place didn't deserve my money and it looked like they could have used it during this happy hour.
They were giving away free pull pork sandwiches. The sandwich was decent. The happy hour prices were not bad either but food selection was bland. The waitress didn't seem happy. If you are down for a cowboy theme place, then you may want to stop on by. It had picnic tables that you would see at a park or something.

Other than that, there are better places on Mill Ave.
I had a great time there. The atmosphere is real inviting and country all the way. The food was amazing and healthy. The blueberry pancakes were my favorite at the end of the night after an evening of fun. Drinks poured perfect and the selection is huge. All and all i will definitely be going back on a regular basis.
I cannot really provide an accurate picture of the bar because it was Friday night, around 5pm and it was just me and one dude inside. There was a table of people outside, but not much happening where I was. I heard from friends that later in the evening it does get busy, but I guess happy hour isn't something promoted. The bar was large and had plenty of room for a crowd, and there was a mechanical bull available. 

The bartender was very nice. She gave me a sample of Moonshine Brew and it was very good - but I had never drank moonshine and I wanted to try that. They had a few different flavors, but the house blend was $4. All drinks are served in a mason jar. Nice touch. It is definitely a slow, sipping drink, but I liked the experience. I decided to order from the menu and went with the BLT. Excellent choice! The bread was just regular wheat bread cut diagonally like a house sandwich - and the lettuce was iceberg. Those were just okay for me - but the bacon was thick-cut bacon (excellent), the mayo was spicy mayo, and the tomato was a friend green tomato. It was served with a side of macaroni salad that was good - not too sweet or mayonnaisey, but very good. 

I didn't mind the lack of crowd because, to be honest, I wouldn't talk to them anyway. The bartender was attentative, the drink was good, and the sandwich was excellent. I am more of a beer drinker than liquor drinker, and while there were only a few beers on tap, it was a good variety. I will probably stop in again for the sandwich for sure, and probably a couple drinks.
We started a birthday evening here on Friday night, around 9pm. 

Minor observations:
It was dead except for 7 or 8 people at the bar, and it remained dead until we left at 10:30. That's kind of sad for a Mill Avenue bar - we went to Rula Bula across the street and it was packed wall to wall, so it ain't just the time. We were looking for a party and had to go elsewhere... perhaps this will get better with time. 

The music kept cutting in and out the whole time. Seriously, fix your sound system.

Security looked absolutely ridiculous; very stern stocky bouncer types, with an air of stern regulation of a wild party... regulating an empty bar. Not really a gripe, but it did make me snort at how silly it looked.

Most of the staff was not smiling at all. They did not look happy to be working.
However, the guy running the bull for us was pleasant and it was fun to watch him lull people into a false sense of "I got this!" and then throw them off. He seemd to be enjoying his job at least.


Major gripe:
The waitress. I don't know her name, but her ass was hanging out of her shorts and she was ditzier than Paris Hilton.

We were the only table and waited 15 minutes for any attention.  
The waitress finally pranced over with menus, pushed us to get food like she was Vanna White and the menu a Wheel of Fortune puzzle, and then seemed very miffed when we declined. 
One of the guys asked if they had any ciders on tap, and she went "Ummm, I really don't know *giggle*".  "Well, what do you have that's a lighter beer?"  "Ummm... Coors and Bud?"   *facepalm*   They did have Angry Orchard, which is kind of OBVIOUSLY a cider and a very memorable name... how do you not know what beer is in the giant apple tap? How do you work in a bar and not know what beer you have in general?!

Birthday boy wanted to go on the mechanical bull, and we had to ask Little Miss Prancy Pants to get the bull operator multiple times... she kept "forgetting"... yes, because one table is a LOT to keep up with.

Then, to really add the cherry on top, she ignored me completely. I am not exaggerating at all, she went around the table and literally skipped over me... Luckily I didn't want a drink anyway, but to SKIP someone at the table is just unacceptable.

Auto-reply to the owner who seems to respond to all negative reviews: I didn't seek a manager out because I didn't want to be the complainer at the birthday party, nor did I want to spend the rest of our time there being given the stink eye by Prancy Pants. Yelp reviews are the best way to get attention these days, so that's what I do when a place sucks, and I will update my review if/when I have a better experience.
Really bad service. I was waiting for over 20 minutes, and none of the servers even glanced towards our table. The place was not busy by any means.

Really poor selection of moonshine and too high of prices for it. It's definitely a bar for people who are into the idea of moonshine as novel. Save your money and go to a liquor store and find moonshine for between $10-$25. 

The atmosphere is okay.
After reviewing multiple websites (all of which had different times for opening), we arrived at about 3:30 only to find out the websites were wrong and they open at 4. We came back at 4:30 to find a gentleman outside on the phone and 1 other couple in the bar, but no bartender. About 5 min later the man from outside comes in and steps behind the bar. We gave him a living social deal (2 burgers and 2 beers) but he didn't know what to do with it and left the bar again. About 10 min later we were able to order but had no silverware for our meals. Beer from the tap was not very chilled and we often sat for 10-20 min with an empty drink and no help from the bartender who was too busy chatting with his friends or on his phone to pay attention to paying customers. Also saw the bartender give out free shots to friends of supposed "$50 a shot" whiskey with no charge. Other staff were sitting around eating and doing nothing and one staff member was busy stocking the bar where we were eating (isn't this something you do before opening your doors?). Burger was average and bun was cold as if just removed from freezer. Will not return for eating or "happy hour" which was nonexistent. However later at night the bar filled with country dancers which was fun to watch. If I were ever to go back would wait til later at night as it was a more fun, country bar atmosphere. For "day" service, this bar gets 0 stars, but for "night" atmosphere would give 2-3 stars, therefore I averaged and am giving 1 star. 
All in all typical college bar that appears to be run by juveniles.
Decent country bar people at the door super friendly bartenders where cool too when I could get a hold of them.  Mechanical bull and dancing meant tons of ladies and entertainment.  DJ will mix it up once in awhile and some coyote ugly action will happen on the bar tops.

Pros
-Lots of ladies
-entertainment
-dancing

Cons
-drinks way over priced
-you get the drunken lets fight cowboy crowd
RESPONSE TO BENJI:
This guy Benji, the owner, is clueless. I write a review detailing exactly what happened  to me and he is flat out calling me a liar. How bout, your a liar Benji the dog, and your bar is a mess and you and your goon squad will be out of business shortly. Adios liar and bad manager.
Good chill spot
I was here Saturday night around 10pm with two friends of mine, and since we were bar hopping at Mill that night, we never intended on staying long. But from what we experienced, it was a nice place. I got an AMF and my two friends got Bud Light drafts. We all enjoyed our drinks, and they were pretty comparably priced to what you'd pay at any other given bar.

Music was predominantly country with a couple Top 40 songs mixed in once in awhile, it kinda threw us off at first (if we want Top 40 there's a slew of other bars to go to) but once we came to expect it then it was fine. There was a mechanical bull next to the dance floor but no one was operating or riding it. They had some fun line dancing going on right when we walked in, but my two friends are not much for dancing so we opted to watch a couple songs before heading out to the patio. They opened up the  upstairs balcony about 30 minutes after we got there so we headed up there and sat at a table overlooking Mill and had some nice quiet conversation.

Overall, it was a good experience and I can see myself coming back. But being Arizona raised with family in Texas and Nashville, I know a good country bar when I see one...however, I think Moonshine is trying to cater more to the college crowd than trying to be as authentic as possible. And that's totally okay, as long as that's what you want and are expecting.
So impressed with this new bar on mill! It's nice that they did something different and decided to renovate this bar to a country bar. Atmosphere is very energetic and fun. Wether your out for a night out with your friends or wanting to dance your butt off this place will deliver. PLUS THEY HAVE A MECHANIC BULL!!! The best part of the bar was a particular bartender who was above the ordinary. Didn't have to wait at all for her to notice we needed a drink or to make them. Heather was attentive and absolutely amazing! This place will definitely  be seeing me back.
To preface this: My parents owned restaurants and a catering company.  I am also partners in a multi state company that owns several food trucks.  I know the food industry as I have grown up in it and currently run a food truck in the valley.

I was excited to try this place out, and visited the first week it was open.  I got the fried green tomato BLT sliders and a lagunitas IPA which were both on happy hour and were both great.  The following weeks I came back at least once, if not twice and brought friends with as well.  As each week went by, service got noticeably worse.  It started with slow service (even though we came before the party crowd comes).  One night we waited outside for over 15 minutes and when no wait staff came to serve I went to place my order with the bartender.  He said "I'm not going to bring your food to you I am a bartender not a server, you should have ordered from the server."  That pissed me off since I had been waiting for her for over 15 minutes.  

Since the happy hour was a good deal and it was normally dead around 8pm when we would go it was worth a little bit of a hassle even though the service was really starting to get annoying.  Keep in mind - during this whole time I was telling people about the good sliders and beer special for happy hour and to check the place out...well not only will that never happen again, but I will never return.  

We went around our usual time and this time sat inside so we could get waited on.  The place was dead, and our server had 2 other tables and it took at least 5 minutes to get greeted.  We ordered our usual happy hour beer, which arrived about 10 minutes later.  She just dropped off the beers and didn't even ask if we were ready to order food. After about 10 more minutes we were able to flag her down to order and ordered our usual sliders.  After ANOTHER 10 minutes she returned and asked what we ordered because she mixed our order up.  While in the process of reordering she told us that the food happy hour now ended at 7 (it was about 8), so we canceled our food order (she specifically said food happy hour ended and didn't tell us the beers we ordered were no longer happy hour either).  About 20 minutes later she came to check on us (our beers were long gone and we were pretty angry so we decided to get our tab and leave).  When we got our checks we realized they charged us full price for the beers.  In between this, another server came and asked us to move tables (which we did).

I went to the bar to talk to someone, and the owner happened to be there and asked what the issue was.  I explained that I was upset that we ordered the same thing we order every week and no one informed us that happy hour had changed from 9pm to 7pm.  He told me that it had been changed for three weeks, when I had been in there 13 and 15 days prior and  gotten happy hour prices.  He told me I was wrong.  He said "we have 7000 people a week, do you expect me to tell everyone?"  How hard is it for the server to say ohh by the way our happy hour only goes until 7 now, especially if you are ordering happy hour items.  He did not apologize ONE time, told me I was wrong, and was very rude.  He finally told someone to charge us the happy hour price at which point turned his back on me and returned to EATING AND DRINKING at the bar.  

It is not hard to A. tell customers about the new happy hour B. place fliers on the table notifying people of the change C. place a sign up on the wall D. update your website.   He said the change was on the happy hour menu...which we didn't get and when he asked the bartender for one the bartender told him they were out.  So NO WHERE was it listed it had changed, and he could not even give me a simple "sorry."  Just the other week I was working and event and a customer spit out the food I cooked and said it was gross....(our top selling item for the record) and I told her to choose something else free of charge which she did and left happy.  THAT is how you treat customers, even when they might annoy you or be angry.  The place has good food and has a cool vibe, but has TERRIBLE service, a RUDE and obviously inexperienced owner and is bound to fail.  I have since told everyone I know not to go and will never recommend this place to anyone. We left and got $6 tacos at Canteen and had amazing service...worthy of a 30% tip and she had 2-3 times the amount of tables.  Handlebar and Mellow Mushroom also crush this place.
This bar was extremely dirty on the outside, they could use a power wash. The place looks like it's out of business and their water fountain has no water in it. The inside was under construction while I was there. I wanted to walk out as soon as I stepped in, but I wanted to try the moonshine. I had a beer and some apple pie moonshine, which was ok, nothing special. Judging by the outside and inside I didn't want to eat here. I can't see how this would be a place to go dancing, it's really small compared to other country bars.
Wasn't impressed.  Walked in on a Sunday around 5. There were 4 people in the bar. Bar was dirty. Was going to order food but decided against it due to the mess. Had the apple pie moonshine. Flavor was good. Served in a shot glass. I understand it's a college bar but my friends and I wanted to have a drink not act like retarded frat boys. Maybe serve drinks in jars? This place is probably okay if you're looking to get drunk on a weekend. Not a place to go if you want to sit and catch up with some friends and do a little Sunday funday social drinking
Great concept, bad execution. This place sucks! Bar Rescue cant save this one. It probably won't be around much longer.
This place is garbage. Read all the reviews and you'll see that the wait and bartenders seem to ignore every customer they have. Don't support a business that ignores their customers.

I went here 3 times determined to find a good country bar that I didn't have to leave Tempe to enjoy. Each time service got worse. Never greeted once, always served after 15 minutes of waiting, and always had to flag down our waitress to get the check/refills.

I've seen the owner in here and he is a young Scottsdale trust fund baby that just thinks if you throw enough money on your decor and provide "organic" kale in your salad you have an awesome spot everyone will have to go to. This arrogant attitude permeates the staff and none of the experience felt anything like "service."

Can't wait for this place to inevitably fail on the backs of their immature and horrible attitude towards customers.
I would not go back here....EVER! The woman working the door accused my ID of being fake. She asked for a second form of ID. I pulled what I thought was my credit card out of my wallet, however, the bartender at the previous bar gave me the wrong card! Obviously, this did not help my case. I showed her two more credit cards with matching names and asked if I could go back to the previous bar, get my credit card from the bartender, and come back. She said no and threatened to call the police! I told her that was fine with me (I had nothing to hide). Instead, she called her manager over to look at my ID. He sided with her and told me that even if I came back with my credit card, I could not come in because "you called my employee a B*#$@." I was SO taken aback, because I was not intoxicated and would remember if I called her that name, which I absolutely DID NOT. My friends and I left and went to a different bar. I understand this establishment probably deals with fakes very frequently, but I was extremely disappointed that they were so rude; it was uncalled for. Do not plan any parties here, because you aren't guaranteed that everyone will get in.
I checked out the reviews on here when trying to pick a place for my birthday. I was pretty hesitant, but I found myself in Tempe last night and decided to check it out to see first-hand if it would be birthday-worthy. It was pretty busy compared to some of the other places on Mill on a summer Thursday. The space was just kind of strange - small inside, but a good patio. There were hardcore country dancers on the small dance floor, and I was happy to see it because I got the impression it was just another bar using a gimmick to dress young servers in small clothes (they looked good!) but not really authentically country. Sounds like on the weekend it may change over, but on a weeknight, they were playing country music! Don't think I'll go there for my birthday - I already felt old there as it was - and if I need a country fix, I think I'm more likely to stick to the original - Toby's!
The music, and only the music, saved this bar from a one star rating. A country bar shouldn't be trendy, it shouldn't have a 15 minute line out the front, it shouldn't be easy to spot idiots in RVCA gear, and it DAMN sure shouldn't cost more than $10 for a Jim Beam on the rocks. 

This place sucks. Go somewhere else.
I'm not a review writer but after reading all of the bad reviews I felt compelled to share my experience. I was pleasantly surprised . We walked in and were immediately greeted  by the bartender Reggie who is all a bartender should be. He explained the bar  and menu in ways that you knew he was proud to work there. He told us his favorites and how he'd order them and he made a great margarita. He was also dead on. I ordered the slider sampler and my favorite was the fried green tomato blt. The food was great, came out quickly, and they had great sweet potato fries which are hard to find and something I love! Service is what makes or breaks an experience for me and Reggie killed it.
I was there this Saturday and like most girls who go out to Mill Ave wear sandals, well if you cherish you sandals and your life, don't go to this "country" bar. They let you have your drinks on the dance floor which causes spills and what not and you are slipping all over the place while trying to dance, also if you step on just the right mess, you will get a layer of god knows what on the bottom of your shoe that you have to scrub off when you get home. It's sticky and disgusting. You can't swing dance there because there are way too many people dancing. If the owners make it a rule and enforce that people can't take their drinks on to the dance floor, I would most likely be more into going back. Also, the type of crowd that goes are very out of place. When you wear Young and Reckless, SRH and all those brands that belong in more hip hop oriented clubs they will fit in, in a country bar, they look ridiculous and crowd the place for the people who are there to experience a country bar. They need a dress code or something.
I was super excited for a country bar, but this was not what I was expecting.  A group of friends and myself waited for a little bit in a line we got in..it smelled like garbage and was way too hot.  The beer was an okay price and I love country music so one star is worthy I guess.  None of the staff looked or acted remotely happy, and if you weren't awkwardly dancing with someone on the floor, you were standing with your group of friends looking around...also awkwardly.  If you weren't drunk, you just were having an awkward time...so we left an went somewhere else where the environment was more pleasant.
BUT...I will probably give it one more try & possibly update my review.
Decent place to grab a beer, watch people ride the bull and listen to some country music...if that's your thing!
If you are looking for a good place to do some country dancing during the week, I suggest coming to Moonshine on a Wednesday night.  It's not too crowded and they have a good size dance floor, so you can dance the night away without worrying about getting kicked in the face by a fellow two-stepper. 

The bartender that helped us (don't recall his name, but early 30's dude) was super cool, not-douchey  or bro'ey, and gave great service. The location is a tad hard to find, as it's kind of tucked away but it's right off of Mill, and there was a good amount of open parking nearby just steps away. I have not been here on a weekend, as I try to avoid the younger (early to mid 20's) crowd, but I heard it can get pretty packed. Overall, I had a very good time here and would love to return.
I went last night - Friday night - with a mixed group. Some had never been to a country bar and weren't even into country music while others were huge country fans.

Unfortunately for me I was feeling sick all night on Mill. Too much drinking? Maybe. But I think I was dehydrated from being outside all day. In any case, I wasn't feeling top notch for this experience.

Despite this little fact my girlfriend still thought it would be funny to sign me up for the mechanical bull. I was signed up, called upon, and I rode it - who would ever think of denying a bull ride simply because you feel nauseous before you get on!? Not me.

I had actually never rode a mechanical bull before so I was devirginized last night - while sick. Pretty awesome huh? Yep. I actually didn't think I did that bad, especially in comparison to the other drunks that visited the bull. I do think that the handle rope could have been a tad longer. But hey, mechanical bulls aren't made to be stayed on are they? Nope.

So what is the good? The place is country enough. Mason jars for been mugs. Whiskey. Country music. People wearing boots and Daisy Duke shorts. My drink - a rum and coke - was poured with a mission. I am always the guy who thinks that drinks are poured too weak and even this drink was poured to make me pucker (I'd rather pucker than get a drink where I question if there is liquor in the drink). There were plenty of country hotties and even a few cowboys there.

What is bad? Well, there is a long line to get in. This isn't anything new for this building - every place that has resided here has always had a line. It is generally the only place to really dance at on Mill (maybe School of Rock, also) so it naturally gets busy. I actually bypassed the line last night by getting a smokeless tobacco sample, which scored me a free drink. For the most part country bars don't have the line outside thing. The line outside thing is more for show - "we are so popular that you have to wait" - that is more akin to Vegas or Scottsdale. So if waiting in line for country isn't your thing then this isn't your place. Likewise, if bros wearing RVCA shirts turns your country spirit off, then this also is not your place. The only thing I can personally knock this place for is that it was hot. But hey, this is a bar open to the outside. I didn't like it because I was feeling like hell. But at the same time it made it feel more country to me - country folk don't mind being hot. I just happened to be deliriously dehydrated hot, which meant that a busy hot bar wasn't helping. :)

I'll put it this way... if you want more of a true country bar then maybe Denim and Diamonds on a Saturday would be more on par with you (Wednesdays attract more city-slicker country people due to drink specials). If you simply want some country... or to dance... then this is a great place to go despite the homeboys and bros that will be there. In all honesty, who cares what they are wearing or what they seem to be to you - enjoy the music and grab a chick and learn to 2-step.
Warning: this review is probably going to be a little biased just due to the fact that I personally can't stand country music. 

I  am sure Moonshine is a great place to hang out if you're into Country Music and girls with their blouses cut really low to match their shorts that might as well be non-existant. Not my personal idea of fun. Plus it is really crowded after 11 PM.

I can see that business is pretty decent for Moonshine as it seems to keep up pretty well with the amount of attendees are the rest of the Mill bars. The thing is that it is a Mill bar. Which means drunk, loud, college kids. I know that. That's why I typically tend to avoid Mill Avenue. However, sometimes I will make sacrifices for friends and head on over to the, in my opinion, worst bar row in the state. Don't get me wrong. Some places are pretty decent on Mill Ave, but the clientele pushes me in the opposite direction.

Anyway, Moonshine has loud music, bull-riding, and girls in skimpy outfits serving drinks that are a little too overpriced. My experience here was not enough to justify coming back without reasonable cause.
We ended up at Moonshine because the next door Tavern on Mill was way too crowded and we wanted to eat and drink before a ASU game, and had a great time! The bar is cool - a nice outdoor patio area with tv's & a bar, and a big inside with a lot of tables, tv's, and open space. The feel is upscale country (fancier than the country bars in my home area of Cave Creek) and relaxed. You can order 32 oz beers and they come in giant mason jars, which is cute. The menu has a good offering of vegetarian items, which is always a plus and harder to find at country style bars. I had the goat cheese & fried tomato sandwich which was yummy and satisfying, and the fries are awesome (crispy beer battered outside, soft inside). On Saturday Game Days they have a great deal on wings (I think it was a pound for $5), but no drink specials.
I'm not a fan of Country music unless it's performed by punk rock icons from the 90s, Lou Reed, or Johnny Cash. That's okay though, because I'm old enough that I can tolerate things I don't like a lot better than when I was younger. What I'm saying is that I can get past the music playing on the speakers... especially since it isn't loud enough to split my ear drums. Besides, it didn't seem to be overwhelmingly Country - no one was wearing a cowboy hat and there wasn't hay all over the floor. 

Having lived in the Valley my whole life, I'm pretty familiar with this place. It used to be a music venue and I've seen quite a few shows here. And that's all I ever did back then. It was never a place to go unless there was a band playing. It's a bit of a hidden location that you don't always think about when you're hanging around Mill. That's a shame too, because it's a great space. It's large and well laid out. It's decorated cool, and their signage is neat looking. There's also a great big patio with heaters and a nice social bar. 

I went in during the day mid-week just after they technically opened, and it looked like they were doing a deep clean. I was able to meet the owner and even got to check out the kitchen. The kitchen, I can happily say, is super clean (thankfully, since I saw it after I ate). The staff seemed pretty nice, and the owner was cool and enthusiastic (which is a good sign). 

I wasn't there for a drink, but I did get to try some quesadillas (not on the menu yet) - steak and chicken. Both were excellent to the point that I would go out of my way to come back and eat them again. The food here is pretty high-end for the prices, and the owner tells me they are going to start delivering it around the area. Gotta love when a bar and grill delivers food. 

I mean, sometimes bar food is cheap and crap and it's just there to soak up alcohol, but other places the food is a loss-leader to get you in the door to order drinks - two of my favorite places to eat are bars. This is one of those places - the food is pretty great, and bonus to the neighborhood that they will deliver. I hope this place sticks around. It seems like a cool place to chill and drink with friends. I'm sure late-night weekends this place is packed.
I came on a Thursday night with some friends and it was great! Although I don't like country music and prefer EDM and hip hop clubs, this wasn't a bad experience. 

What I loved most about it, is that the dance floor is HUGE. It is basically the whole place, which was amazing! 

Plus, not only did they have free seating inside, but outside too. They have quite a large patio.

The bathrooms are hard to get to since they're all the way in the back and you've got to swim through the crowd to get there.

So not only did the DJ play country music, but EDM and hip hop too! That was beautiful. :') I wanted to say, "thank you."

The drinks were rather expensive, especially for mill. They weren't that good either. :/

Overall, for dancing this place is great. Not so much for drinking.
2 stars because of the atmosphere during the afternoon was similar to a nasty frat; our waitress was maken' out with her bf in plain site, loud college guys were drunk, smoking, spitting -overall gross behavior, but the food was great! Ordering take out next time!
Nina is awesome! Lance too! Great food, highly recommend the cowboy burger. Mechanical bull is next.
I'm from out of town doing a summer program with ASU. I really enjoyed visiting this bar. Great country vibe and great drinks. The environment seemed like it would be really fun on weekends. I went on a Tuesday, but I want to go back on a weekend. It had plenty of room to dance an a mechanical bull. Defiantly recommend to any person who's a fan of country bars.
The general manager, Stephen, harassed and eventually assaulted my husband. We came in for 4th of July and had a great time. The owner, Ben, is a sweetheart. Unfortunately, his mad dog staff is not as kind or pleasant. We left to get food and upon our return my husband only had an old, expired ID with him. The girl at the front door did not let him in. However when he started talking to our friend who was right next to us but "inside" behind the gate, the general manager Stephen, grabbed my husband and literally pushed and shoved him ALL the way to the street! He wasn't satisfied to have my husband over 50 feet away from the establishment so he pushed him to the end of the street where the cabs were. 

Obviously this guy had a grudge against my husband but his behavior was completely unjustified. He was overly physical and knew my husband could not fight back because the police were watching (ready to arrest a disorderly patron).

I've been to moonshine many times and had a good time but this experience has completely changed my mind about this bar.

Until Stephen is let go I am not returning.
I am from out of town, but had a good time here.
   There was a decent crowd, the music was fine,  I was able to talk to people without having to yell at them.
    Fun college crowd, I would recommend to people who like country music in the area.