C-Fu has been rated the #1 Chinese restaurant in the Valley many times. It's menu is HUGE!  Amazing seafood here also.  Very fresh, very delicious!  

One of the things I like about C-Fu is that there is a list of sauces and preparations and you decide what you want with it.  You want shrimp, tofu , and scallop Kung Pao? No problem. The combinations are endless.

Best dim sum around also. Lots of carts going around with lots of fresh items.  I went there with a couple of guys from Hong Kong, and they said it was some of the best dim sum they had had in the U.S.  One thing I did notice is that the REALLY obscure and odd stuff (deep fried chicken feet, tripe) comes around early in the service, and the more mainstream items (ribs, egg rolls) tend to come out after 11:30 or so.  Don't know if it's intentional, but it seems to be a trend.  Yes, it's loud and raucous, but from what I was told by the Hong Kong dudes, that's the way it is over there.  If you are looking for an austere Sunday brunch, C-Fu is not the place to go.
Coming from the Bay Area where there are millions of great Chinese restaurants, I have to say that C-Fu is pretty good. Who would have though in AZ? Dim sum is good. I love the cheese wontons.
The dim sum is very good at C-Fu. It's always crowed over weekend. The only think I always told people about this restaurant is that their food is too salty. It tastes very good, but you will have to keep drinking water or tea to digest the salt. 

They have the test chicken feet in town. Don't tell me you don't like it until you give it a try. :-)
Pretty good Chinese food.  Great atmosphere.
Been to C Fu many times.  Figured I may as well write a review now. 

I've only been to C Fu for dim sum.  Since leaving my comfort zones of the Bay Area and Las Vegas, I was dying for dim sum.  What a gem this place is.

It's loud, crazy and over crowded on the weekends, but service is fast, nice and friendly.

I love the dim sum.  Dare I say I've found my all time favorite dim sum place ever?  I think I am going to!

We've taken some of my husband's co-workers to dim sum -- we think it may have been a bit too exotic and overwhelming for them.  We didn't care, we still ate.

A definite place to be for cheap group eats.
The dim sum was pretty tasty the first time I went. 

The second time I went,  we ordered vegetable fried rice...maybe the chef was having an off night, but the veggies were straight from the freezer bag and still cold. (you know, the little orange carrot cubes and peas from that mixed back in your local grocery store freezer?)  That off night turned us off to the place - how hard is to to chop some carrots up and stir fry with some rice..so we never went back. 

Its big inside and the entry way has statues and such that are entertaining to look at. Stick with the Dim Sum.
After reading all the reviews here about C-Fu Gourmet being the best place for dim sum in the valley, I am really disappointed to be writing my first 1 star review for the area

Was the service rude and uncaring? The answer here is yes.  Especially the way that push-cart servers call out the food which make you feel like you're in a rowdy tourist market full of cheap knock-offs they're trying to get rid of.  

But all would have been forgiven if only the dim-sum being served was any good.  However the dishes we ordered reflected a sloppy kitchen that was focused solely on putting in minimal effort and taking every possible shortcut on the food. 

Dishes that made me ashamed to be Chinese (yes, the level that C-Fu dimsum brought it down to was that bad):

-  Fried glutinous rice:  The preserved meat that was supposed to flavor the dish was MIA. We complained to one of the waiters who replied that "they probably forgot" (um are you sure it's not cost cutting for those who don't know any better?).  More over, the proper way to cook this classic dish would be like risotto where you're constantly stirring and gradually adding water just a little bit at a time (except of course everything is being done in a wok)...Here the C-Fu kitchen obviously just shoved the whole thing into an electric rice-cooker and try to stir fry the huge sticky mess at the end by adding in gallons of oil.   

-  Glutinous rice with chicken steamed in lotus leaf:  Once again that electric rice cooker in the back of the kitchen must be working real hard cause the dish lacked the aroma that it would have had if it had actually been steamed in lotus leaf.  Just tasted of sloppy topping of minced chicken and last minute wrapping in the lotus leaf.

Dishes I was amazed by (and no not in a good way):

-  Deep fried taro dumpling:  Have never quite had it in that simplistic way before where the filling literally was just mashed taro held together by a prodigious amount of oil

-  Steamed bok choy:  How the heck do you get oil into steamed vegetable?  C-Fu managed to accomplish this amazing feat of greasy steamed vegetable...unbelievable

On a good note, the Siu Mai was decent.  We did keep on ordering more dishes hopping that something good would pop up...but nope that was it,...so if  you must go to C-Fu for dim-sum...just order order a lot of siu mai and be careful of all the other dishes.  Dinner here was much better. 1 star is for dim-sum only.

Next time I have a dim-sum craving, you'll be finding me across the valley at China Chan's (Glendale) where the short & sweet dimsum offering is cooked by a man who doesn't cut corners and it shows.  That's where I'll be sticking to from now on.
hilarious! where did the screaming yellow  "....we reserve the right to add 15% gratuity to your bill....." signs go?  aka we know the service and dimsum sux, so we'll try and make money another way.  best dimsum in phoenix (pretty low standards for a desert community i guess)  luckily there's plenty of competition now in the east valley (hint: go 1 mi east, 1 mile  south) NW corner, get there before 11am on weekends or stand in line with the rest of the other asians.
Dim sum is pretty bad. I have never tried such bad dim sum in my life before.

Service is not that good too.

Those who've never tried dim sum in their life before will say this place is good but actually it is NOT good at all. 

There are 3 good dim sum places in Phoenix area: Golden Buddha, Great Wall, Phoenix Palace on Ray (not the one on Warner).
China King is above average but it is not in my favorite list.
My husband and I both got sick after eating here.  How come there is always a line on the weekend?
Dimsum - wide- array of selection, and affordable! 4/5

Our first time to C-Fu was about a year ago. We weren't impressed by the taste and quality of the dimsum there and left with so-so taste in our month. Today we went back again for their dimsum and surprisingly found out that they had improved the quality a lot! We have 5-6 dimsum carts around us all the time and the service was good. The food was great as well. We will go back for dimsum again.
I was a little disappointed with both the variety and quality of the dim sum.  There are the standard har gow, sui main, egg tarts -- but they all miss the spot and there was something amiss with each one of them.  The price was okay (around $15 per person) but I wouldn't be racing back here.
I ate here for lunch today...am I missing something from all the rave reviews...

I had the Chicken Lo Mein, the quality of the chicken and lo mein noodles is cheap, the hot & sour soup was okay but nothing grand, fried rice was plain, and the egg rolls weren't spectacular.

My dining companions had general's chicken, and mongolian beef...and they didn't seem to like their meal ither.

Over all it was a 1 star, but the 2nd star for the price and the soup.
DIM SUM suckas! DIM SUM.

Dim Sum is the greatest thing to hit food since teeth.

I have been holding off on writing this Yelp for months now.  I just could not figure out a way to wrap my head around the awesomeness that is Dim Sum.  I have been eating here pretty much every weekend since I was first introduced to it by fellow Yelpers Jenn H. and  Scott S.  Joe Crack played a role in the introduction as well.  Joe Crack is not a Yelper (He should be though.) but he is a wizard.  So you should be willing to take the suggestion of someone so wise in the ways of the world. He also coined the phrase "No Goddamn BBQ pork bun!" Which turns out to be a useful phrase when having Dim Sum, cause they try to shove that down your throat from every cart that comes strolling by.

The absolute greatest thing about Dim Sum is the ability to be eating awesome food within seconds of sitting down.  From the moment you sit down they are coming by with carts of amazing, trying to get you to try everything from BBQ pork bun to Chicken feet.  You could, if you were so inclined, be in and out of the place in 15 minutes and have a belly full of really tasty Chinese food bits. 

Some of my favorite things are:
The Chinese Broccoli
The Spring rolls
The Curry meat Triangles
The pot stickers
And...

My absolute favorite is the Sticky rice. If you go to Dim Sum you have to get the sticky rice.  It is a ball of rice wrapped in a lotus leaf.  Then Jesus and Buddha get together and cry tears of joy over the amazing creation. Then Luke Skywalker and Captain Kirk bless it with a light saber and Tricorder. Then Kurt Cobain plays a misunderstood song over it. Then right before it gets to your table the entire restaurant does a rendition of "Be our Guest" from Beauty and the Beast as Pamela Anderson and Jenna Jameson deliver it while talking in tongues.  
It is that good people.
Dim Sum mmm mmm  good!  My wife and I had to pretty much roll out of there...we ate WAY too much!  The biggest problem was that you keep ordering more and more as the carts roll by.  We've been back a few times for Dim Sum and will be going back again!
Owie. My belly hurt after eating here. 

I was looking forward to steamed veggies, but they didn't have any. Said they were out. Total bummer. So, I ate some shrimp spring rolls and sampled others. I steered clear of fried stuff, but it didn't seem to matter. My belly was upset almost immediately. Maybe it was the coconut bread. I couldn't help myself; it was super tasty!

After my friends had plucked something off the dessert cart, the server brought us some bok choy. I thought they were out, but I guess they had some hiding in the kitchen? Anyway, I ate that happily. It was the first time I ever tried bok choy. I'm a fan! Not of this place but of the super healthy veggie. 

I think I'd rather go to YC's Mongolian Grill again before ever coming back here.
It hurts my inner Asian to give Dim Sum only two starts, but this place is lacking. This place would be out of business so quick if it were in California. I've been to take out Dim Sum places that would shame this place. 

The best dish was probably just average, and there were some that were... not good. Please do not just Dim Sum from this place, its not a good representation.
I love this place for their lunch items, which I would give 4-stars.  You pick a style of Chinese, meat, and soup.... bam your tongue is destroyed with awesomeness.

But the Dim Sum is very lacking.  I tried it for the first time a few days ago and I was expecting crazy awesome food but what I got was adequate.  Most everything was either a dumpling or a dumpling cousin.  Also it didn't really help that 4 people there speak English and the 5th lady is the one who was serving us.

My recommendation is to stick to the "lunch" option when they ask you "Dim Sum or lunch?"  It's better tasting food, more filling, and it only costs $5 a plate.
I'm slowing picking off members of my family and converting them to dim sum. Ah yes, domination by egg custard or, perhaps, bok choy. It serves as a solid culinary experience when I can't venture to Chinatown in San Fran for a fix. C-Fu offers a fantastic selection of barbeque pork buns (steamed is better, according to youngest bro), eggplant stuffed with shrimp (my fave) and spicy calamari. Consider it tapas, Chinese style.
Came here for a group dinner, and wasn't impressed with the food menu. Granted its Chinese multi-course dinner, but there wasn't much flavor in anything. The soup was okay (its difficult to mess up soup), and the soda was fine, but everything else was just so bland. The waiters were quick to bring everything out and clean up the table, but nothing memorable stood out in the dining experience. The drinks at the bar were watered down and weren't nearly worth the $6 price tag, as cheap as that is.
The best dimsum in Chandler or Phoenix for that matter.

I think its the only dimsum in Phoenix!!!!!

Am giving this place 3 stars in relative scale to other dimsum places in Phoenix, not sure if there is any other...

Compared to its counterparts in LA and SF, errrr I would not say its as good as the average dimsum places in those cities...
Who pays attention to health code violations anyway? I can tell you how I know this place is good: every single time I go here for dinner I'm the only non-Asian in the place.  So there you have it, if it's good enough for the locals it's good enough for me.  I've been to a brazillon (as  Pres G.W. Bush would say) Chinese Restaurants back east, including Philly and NYC and this place can definitely hold it's own.  Yes, it's a little dirty, yes the service is spotty, they are not constantly coming around refilling your water everytime you take a sip, but the food is first rate!  I recommend the Crispy Spinach '2' dish that is on the menu under house specialties; it's a bed of fried spinach with a spicy chicken, shrimp, and vegetable medley on top. fantastic!  The wonton soup is also very good, a little different than I'm used to; the wontons here are filled with meat and seafood.  All the seafood at C-Fu is wonderful, very fresh and prepared the way you ask for it.

 Keeping up the "Friday night is Chinese food night" tradition that my dad bestowed upon me as a kid, I typically find myself eating here or at least getting take out once a week. I give C-Fu two thumbs up.
I've never had dim sum before but we've been here a few times. The food is good, tasty, and average. The bready things with meat or custard are awesome and some of the shrimps are good, too. I've never had a problem getting served here or missing carts. This is definitely a place to go with friends or a group so you can split up the bill.
I have only been to their Dim Sum once, it had an amazing variety and the carts were always circulating and available. The prices were reasonable and all the food fresh and delicious especially the pastries. They didn't have a lot of vegetarian food which was a disappointment but I would go back anyway just to get a table full of their sesame balls (they are the best pastry I have ever had). 

Mostly I go here for dinner. Their food is good, not the most amazing but they have big servings and the service is always good. The place is HUGE, they even have a karaoke section sort of walled off which I sometimes see people using I am guessing you have to book it or something. 

My favorite part is that when they have pastries left over from Dim Sum they give them out for free after your meal, you don't always get one but when you do it makes you think "yes, I am the lucky one".
Used to go here often for dim sum and have enjoyed the experience each time.  Although dim sum is served daily, I've only visited on Saturdays and Sundays.  Gets VERY crowded after 12pm, so try and arrive by 11am if you want a chance at the fresher selections.  

Love their egg tarts, beef tripe, short ribs, mango custard, shu mai, sugar cane shrimp, and fried rice balls (with seasoned ground pork filling).  

Be sure to try and ask for a table near the aisles as sometimes it's hard for the ladies to maneuver the carts in between tables.  

Prices are decent for each dim sum item.  We sometimes order a couple of dishes off the regular menu, to supplement the smaller dim sum items.  

Since PHX doesn't offer alot of dim sum options, C-Fu will remain my top choice for dim sum cravings.
I use to go there every weekend for dimsum.
I didn't mind waiting 30 min to get in, the food was good.

BUT...one day I saw food from the cart dropped on the floor, and the manager came quick and put that food back in the plate and served....
I could not believe my eyes.

That was the last day for me and C-Fu restaurant.
This place is used to be my favorite Dim Sum restaurant, but I have not visited them for a while. It's not because of their foods. 

Their foods is good and service is OK. It's their sneaky behavior at the register that bothers me. I don't know if they are still doing the same thing, but I just got pissed of once for all. 

Here is the story. 

I was at the cashier desk to pay my bill. The lady at the counter did not know I can understand Cantonese. So the lady told customer, who is a friend of her, that the 15% tips is already included in the credit card receipt as total. So there is no need to put tips in the blank tip line. 

What a shocking finding. If you don't calculate your total bill, you may be paying double tips! What a shame on them. I don't mind to pay 20% tips, but they should told their customer that the total number on your receipt already includes tips!

I have not visited the restaurant since!
Love this place.  The hot sauce complemts every item. Kids like the constant dim sum action.
This place is so awful that I don't even want to spend too much time writing this review.

Food is mediocre, service was extremely rude, my catering order was never filled and when I called to confirm the order one hour prior to pickup they just simply told me they didn't make it and wasn't planning on doing it...huh?  I once found a cooked cockroach in my dim sum dish...that was it...would never ever go back.
cheapskates set their a/c at 80 degrees. this is az. we can't enjoy anything with a/c at full blast.
Our family has been eating here for years so its not surprising my dad picked C-Fu for his Fathers Day lunch.  Although it was jam packed the wait wasn't bad (15 minutes).  Dim-Sum was, as always, delicious and the variety (always the best on the weekends especially Sunday/Holiday) was plenty.  We ordered our standard salty-fish fried rice which never disappoints.  **If you've been here and have never had it, try it**

I'm as patient as they come so i wasn't bothered by the small wait for the right dim-sum cart to roll by or the drink refill.  It was Fathers Day so it was expected.

Until next time...
My Aunt Sue and Uncle Frank told me about C-Fu Gourmet awhile ago, and invited me to join them for dim-sum once or twice... they rave about this place, making the drive to Chandler from North Scottsdale quite often, so I figured it would be worth it.  

I saw there were mixed opinions on previous Yelp reviews for C-Fu, but sometimes you want to decide for yourself...

Well, in this instance, I agree more with the Yelp average rating than I do with my Aunt and Uncle... Jared and I really wanted to like this place, but nothing about it was that great.

It has an old school Chinese feel to it, but the food was nothing to write home about... we had an order of egg rolls, wonton soup, chicken with Chinese veggies, and a noodle dish... you'd think something would stand out, but unfortunately, it didn't.  It was all pretty bland.  

We didn't even take home our leftovers... (that's when you know it's bad!)

Needless to say, we won't be returning to C-Fu, so I cannot even say "C U to C-FU," cause I won't!
I'm pretty sure this is the only place in Chandler that serves Dim Sum.  Although it's the only option, it's a pretty good option.

I recommend having Dim Sum here on the weekends.  During Saturday and Sunday, they offer a pretty extensive Dim Sum menu.  I pride myself in being an adventurous eater, and this is the perfect place for people like me.  They have the usual Dim Sum fare, but they also have dishes like jellyfish, tripe soup, chicken feet, etc.. It may seem a little intimidating to a newcomer, so ask a person at the next table for recommendations if you need it.  

The regular menu is pretty good as well.

I have dined here with my family for years.  This is a perfect place to have a family gathering.  You can have a nice hearty and delicious dinner for 12 people for less than $100, and that includes drinks a bunch of food left over to take home.

My favorite dishes here are:

Beef Westlake Style Soup.
Salty Fish and Chicken Fried Rice
Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodles
Peking Duck
Peking Pork Chops
Fried Flounder w/ Black Bean Sauce
Spicy Eggplant w/ Tofu

The staff is always friendly.  As with all Dim Sum style restaurants, don't be afraid to flag down the cart lady, and if that doesn't work, flag down the waitress and tell her what you want.  They always seem willing to help in the event that you get skipped over in the rotation.


In the event that you are in need of banquet service, this is a very viable option.  I had 85+ people come celebrate my wife's birthday a few years ago, and this restaurant did not disappoint.  All I actually had to do was call a week in advance, let them know my budget, choose the dishes, and make the payment.  They took care of everything else.  It was nice and easy and I took credit for it all.
SEVERAL years ago, this was the place to grab dim sum.  But much better have popped up and the crowds moved on, and this fell to the wayside.  You can tell easily by the lack of (Asian) customers.

On a whim, tried it again.  Meh.  Egg tarts were the best part, but there is so much better dim sum not much farther away.
This place is sneaky!!  They do not tell you that they include a 15% tip on your total for the check already. No mention of that.  Our bill was $20 and some change, so my husband left a 4 dollar tip on the tip line and paid with a credit card. So I notice on our statement that it charged the $25 something and then a few days later, ran another $5 charge. So not only do they add on 15%, but they added it on to the total of what the bill was AFTER the tip he wrote in....so we paid another 15% of the bill plus the tip he wrote in.  WHAT?   I thought, what the hell is that????  And then I scanned some other reviews and saw that someone mentioned an automatic 15% tip added on. So beware of that and don't tip!!  Your bill already has it in there.

Other than that I did enjoy the place and the Dim Sum is decent, though I have not experienced much to compare with. The decor is dark, dingy and sort of run down looking. The place is huge.  It's an adventure, and honestly, that part was fun, but the sneaky charges really left a bad taste in our mouths.
Let me preface my review with the fact that I did not get an opportunity to try their dim sum because I went on a Saturday.

Their food is fairly average from everything I had; nothing was bad, but nothing was exceptional either.  I went with 4 friends, and had originally ordered a Mango shrimp dish that sounded fantastic.  About 5 minutes before they brought out the rest of the tables food (after bringing appetizers), they told me that they were out of the dish I ordered.  I feel like if they were out of the dish, this could have been told to me much more quickly so I could have updated my order earlier.

This was just one instance of the overall poor service we received.  One of my fellow diners kept trying to get his drink with just a little bit of ice, and only once did he accomplish this throughout the meal.  Every time they brought him a drink with ice packed to the rim of the cup you could see a look of defeat on his face.  Finally toward the end of the meal, he resorted to illustrating about how much ice he wanted using his fingers on the side of the cup.  When the lady returned with a cup full of ice, and Pepsi filled only to the level his finger  had indicated, we all burst into laughter.

To summarize: mediocre food, mediocre at best service...
Very good, fantastic menu selection.
I am going to visit C-Fu for dinner again and write a review for that separately. It has been a while since I visited this place for just dinner, so I will keep this review to my recent visit for dim sum.

In my humble opinion, C-Fu is the best Dim Sum in the valley. I am a firm believer in having to switch up dim sum joints between here, China King and Phoenix Palace, to keep it fresh. That being said, when bringing someone new into the world of dim sum or when entertaining from out of town, C-Fu is old faithful for consistency and variety. 

The owner is constantly walking around with the most exotic of the dim sum dishes, lobster, clams in black bean sauce, calamari, etc.  Plenty of the standard dumplings and spring rolls to be found for the timid while the next cart brings chicken feet, tripe and tofu wrapped egg rolls for the more experienced. 

I generally order the 50/50 jasmine flower tea instead of the normal fare, but both are solid choices, no matter what you end up with.  When the meal is done, you simply take your card to the front, tip is added automatically and you are on your way out.  Giving C-Fu four stars for the dim sum and dinner review to follow.....
So I haven't been here for dimsum, like everyone else seems to be reviewing, so I guess I"ll clarify... 

My review is for their dinner menu.

A friend and I had dinner last week and we ended up at C-Fu because I was in the mood for some authentic Chinese.  Well, he's Chinese (kinda - haha) and recommended this restaurant because he grew-up coming here with his parents.  

We ordered some dumplings, which they steamed for us, a spicy pork chop dish and then I ordered my favorite which wasn't on the menu, sauteed fish filet in black bean sauce.  All of the food was good and they were very nice in accommodating my special order.  I'd reorder any of the dishes we had again, and I really loved having left-overs the next day. :)

See ya there!
They have a good thing going here and they just don't know it or don't care about their customers.  Upon arriving the restaurant was dingy and crowded with people waiting.  I understand most Chinese restaurants are dingy, but some still have great food so I ignored the atmosphere.  We waited for about 10 minutes and were seated.  Once we were seated we saw about 8 open tables, but still a crowd of people waiting by the door.  Obviously, they don't manage seating their patrons very well.  The food was ok, not as good as Chinatown in Chicago.  Their dumplings and siopaio were tasty, but BBQ pork was fatty and dry like jerky.  Their servers were less than friendly and treated us like we were an inconvenience.  I'd go back to try some items on their menu, since some of their items were good.  The only reason I would go back is because it is hard to find authentic Chinese food near Scottsdale.  I will give them another chance also because their owner actually read my review and apologized for my bad experience.
We had our rehearsal dinner here. The owner helped us with our budget, gave us a custom specialty order. It was great! The food was very good!
all i can say is YUK and thats not a chinese  for terrible this is probley the most disgusting dim sum  ever  alot of deep fried dishes the place had a nasty stinge when i walked in on a high note the staff was quite friendly .....they better be for the food...and i use the term loosley ......they are serving
Wow, what a Gem

We are from the SF Bay area and great chinese food is hard to find.  We have done the dim sum which was great but the chinese dinners we have been having are even better.  We had the War Won Ton soup which was really tasty, chicken with black bean sauce was awesome, and the lobster with ginger and scallions was to die for.  We have eaten here about 10 times and will definitely come back.
Still the best Dim Sum in the Valley.  Not quite up to Portland's standards, but it's right there.
I came here for dimsum with a few friends during lunch. The quality of the food is mediocre compared the legit ones in Hacienta Heights, CA or San Gabriel, CA. My friend and I are hardcore dimsum fans, so we have been to this dimsum a few times, until we decided to change to the one across the street called Phoenix Palace Buffet. 

For some reason, we returned back to C-Fu to try it again, but the service was horrible!! We requested water and tea, and in my water cup and all around it were white residue from a previous mixed drink of another customer. I had already drank half of the iced water and realized there was all over the sides of the cup. I immediately asked for a replacement and even the server was grossed out! They did not do anything to compensate for such a gross encounter, which in the end made everyone at the table lose our appetites. Seriously... traumatized. Definitely not coming back until their service improves!
Some say that C-Fu has the best Chinese food in the Phoenix area, I disagree. I'd say that C-Fu is definitely above average, but not the best. 

It's definitely worth a trip, especially during lunch when they serve dim sum.

C-Fu  not only has the standard menu items such as Sweet and Sour Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Chow Mein, but they also have some unique items such as Shark Fin Soup, several duck and ostrich dishes, and sea cucumber dishes.

Above average taste coupled with good dim sum gives C-Fu an above average rating of four stars.
Best Dim Sum in Phoenix.
I've been meeting with friends here for dim sum for the past few years and also had dinner here a few weeks ago. The food is consistently quite good, affordable, and fresh. The service is generally quite good as well.

My bride and I held our wedding reception here this past weekend in the small private room at the back of the dining room. The service and food were great and our guests enjoyed the dim sum adventure, a first for many of them. Fun and affordable!

The fun part is we'll be able to return to our reception restaurant with our friends anytime we like.
Love the dim sum on Sunday afternoons. Always end up bringing home a lot of leftovers as the little carts full of delicious food keep strolling by. Dim sum is a great way to try a variety of foods and this is a great place for it.
Just went here on Christmas day. Arizona is not known for having any great Chinese restaurants. I honestly find Panda Express the only better quality Chinese food around locally. Mostly what you find are buffets, and I hate those. C Fu Gourmet is different. It's actually a real Chinese restaurant! It's located in a shopping center in Chandler with a handful of Asian businesses. This is a non-discript place, but once inside, you get the feel of a real Chinese restaurant. It has the fish tank and handi-crafts for sale, but the work force is Asian and the customers were mostly Asian and that's a really good sign. One thing you notice is the servers going around with carts that have daily specials on them. They go table to table and offer you to try the Dim Sum or other option. We ordered off the menu. I had the Kung Pau chicken meal that comes with rice, a spring roll, and  soup. I wasn't crazy about the soup. It was wonton and it was okay, but there was something about it that I didn't like, not sure what though. The Kung Pau chicken was awesome! It had just the right flavor and it was the perfect amount for one person. The spring roll was pretty good too. It wasn't oily which makes all of the difference with a spring roll. Had a great time and a great meal. I found the staff to be friendly and they answered all of our questions. I would go back again.
I decided to check this place out after having driven by it numerous times and had a few friend say that they liked the place a fair deal.  I was hungry and craving chinese, so why not I figured.

Called in to see if they were open and they were, but hearing that they had an hour wait, I elected to carry out.  15-20 minutes is about average so I didn't say boo.  25 minute prep time isn't too far outside of the estimate and they were busy after all.

The barbecue pork lo-mein was not the best ever.  Pork had a fatty texture, and the dish as a whole was okay though a bit bland.  The duck won ton soup was pretty good....Right until I got to the meat.  Almost every piece had either bones or bone chips in it.  I am not sure if that is a normal part of how it's made, but I have never experienced the like before and it was a put off.

The experience over the phone and waiting was fair.  The place was packed due to being one of the rare places open Christmas night  and I understand the pressure of being a host or hostess in this situation, but I saw this girl loose her composure a few times in the 15 minutes I was there, once pretty majorly.

With the bones, fatty flavor and other worries, I managed a few bites overall before my $20 meal went into the garbage disposal or trash.  I'm stunned with the overwhelming good reviews, as my experience was so weak as I had pretty much a poor experience overall and a lot of disappointment.

I may or may not give them another shot in the future.  At the moment, I doubt it.
Almost makes me feel like home in San Francisco.

I come here for the dim-sum, tasty treats, Chinese tapas, appetizers if you will.  They have a good selection and will easily have whatever they don't immediately have rolling around in the carts made for you. 

Pricing is fair.  Service is friendly and decor is straight out of SF dim-sum palaces.

My favorites: pot stickers and steamed Cha siu bao's (pork bun).
So my husband and I have been coming here for quite some time.  We lived in Los Angeles and frequented many Dim Sum places there.  We also Visit Vancouver and get some great Chinese food from chinatown.  This restaurant is and has been a great representation of chinese food. Here in AZ there are many fast food places that dumb down there representation of chinese food.  Orange chicken and Sweet and sour chicken aren't the only fantastic dishes the chinese have to offer.  Broaden your culinary horizons and try something more authentic.  Try Dim sum ... It's awesome and fun!!
Been coming to C Fu a couple times a year for years....

We have our traditional Christmas Dim sum every year..and for the last couple years it has been losing its once wonderful food and service qualities.

This Xmas we were dissapointed enough that we wont be back!

80% of the food we were served was not even lukewarm.  We tried to request fresh hot items but we were only successful in a few items.

I even spoke with the owner...as we usually do, to say hello ....this time we told him of our concerns and dissapointed and he didnt seem too concerned.

We also notices several items have shrunken in size....

We have found a couple Dim Sum restaurants that have high reviews and that is what we will try next.

Cold food is Unacceptable and owners lack of concern is a concern....

I noticed the lack of customers...maybe that is why the food was cold....I realize it is dim sum and cant stay hot...however it has always been at least warm...and you used to always be able to request fresh hot items, without them using the microwave to warm the food up...

Note to Owner:..... With the economy the way it is you are really gonna have to step up and start serving a better quality that you could be proud of!
I went back after a bit of time and after invites from the Manager after my last visit.  I decided to go back after the manager talked to me after a bit.  I decided to go for it.

I went back for the pork wonton soup.  I added a bit of soy sauce and it was good.  It wasn't the best I ever had but it was good.  Also the staff was HUGE in making up for my last visit.  That is a plus.  

10 minutes and  the soup was ready and waiting.  It was hot and good.  I added the soy sauce to add a bit of salty which I like.  It was good.  The pork was fattier than I've had elsewhere but it was good otherwise.  The food was decent and the staff was cool.  

Now, I have not tried the in house dim sum.  As it was I have to give props for a great manager.  The duck soup is normally served with bones, according to the manager.  Not my thing but I was glad he explained it.  Tradition can be big even if it is not to my tastes.  I guess that is a good heads up to potential customers.  

It was fair goods and very nice service.  If it was less fatty, they would have gotten a 4 but they get a 4 for service and a 2 for chow this time around.  I am not shy about my review.  I give what I get.  If they impress me better next time, I will post so.  

However as it was, fair food and great service.  3 out of 5 for now.  Thanks to the staff for being huge and I got fed and was fairly pleased with the chow.  Not wowed but pleased.
EW don't ever eat dim sum over here.  Food was not fresh at all! I wouldn't be surprised if they just microwave leftovers from the previous day and serve them all over again. Their shrimp balls tasted like poop balls.... okay, so maybe I'm over-exaggerating a little but you get the idea. It actually tasted like effing plastic... EWWWWWA.

I say, go right over to Phoenix Palace Buffet across the street and get yourself some edible dim sum. YOU CAN THANK ME LATER! :)
C-Fu serves up decent dim sum every day from 10:30-2:30.  On the weekdays, they still have the carts, but they cram various dim sum items in 2 carts.  They have the standard dim sum items such as siu mai (they have it in chicken here, which was interesting), steamed bbq pork bun, har gow, and deep fried taro dumpling.  Generally, they all tasted OK, albeit quite oily.  I liked the glutinous rice wrapped with lotus leaf the best.  The most exotic item there today was the tripe, with no sign of chicken feet or congee with preserved egg.  I hear the weekend selection is a lot more diverse though compared to the weekday.

Service was very cheerful and friendly, a bit of a surprise since most dim sum restaurants have servers that usually look at you stony-faced while letting you peruse their carts. 

We got 7 different items, with a total of ~$20 with tax.
Like the egg noodle stir fry a lot (they get it crispy, which is rare, it's usually soaked in oil), the sweet rolls filled with the custard are soooo delicious and I can't find them anywhere in so cal it seems. It's crowded and the place to be if you're an Asian living in this area and quite a fun experience if you're not (Asian ).Otherwise, it's pretty run-of-the-mill food and kind of pricey for the quality and location.
I have been to C FU many times over the years.  
Their Dim Sum is definitely not the best, there are better places for that, but I live near here so it fulfills my cravings sometimes . Also I don't really like the usual Chinese American food" ie sweet and sour and stuff, but I have tried when other people ordered and it's not that good as far as that goes.
What is really good here though and what I go for is their more traditional chinese sea food. They have live fish and lobster tanks which are really good! I like the crab and winter melon soup ( but I'm not sure that is for everyone's taste buds) and I don't know who wouldn't like the lobster E fu noodles! I also really like their snow pea shoots for a side.
So in summary, if you are looking for awesome dim sum or good typical American chinese food, this is not the best. But if you are looking for some good fresh chinese seafood and more traditional dishes this place is pretty good! Hope this is helpful!
I've been here more times than I can count, but for some reason I am only now thinking to write a review. Until today (when we returned to that other place near Lee Lee's), the last four or five times we have had dim sum we have gone to C-Fu. The reason is simple. You go on Sunday, which for those not in the know is prime dim sum territory, and you are seated and served right away. No lines, no waiting on the carts, no "shu mai is coming" (it seems like most places run out that early even though they must know it is one of the most popular dishes), and fairly attentive service. 

Why C-Fu when they food might be slightly better across the street? Well, the quality has gone down a bit. C-Fu which, by the way, was one of the first places to offer dim sum in the Valley, and one of the first around to offer "real" Chinese food, seems to,  once in awhile, rest on their laurels and ease up on yummy-ness. However, the food is still not bad and, because of new competition and the slight decrease in quality, you can get in, get food, and get out quickly. For that, their history, and their quick service, I still give them four stars. I just hope they take the food up a little notch in the future so they can return to their place as the premier Chinese restaurant in the area.
Great dim sum!  Go on Sunday for brunch/lunch!

Favorites that I always order:
Shrimp dumplings
Bean curd rolls
Shrimp or beef noodle wraps
Snow buns for dessert

If you're brave, try the chicken feet.  It's a traditional plate that is delicious as long as you can get over the fact that you're eating feet.  If you're Asian, you should have been born over it.  haha

Drink tea with your dim sum!  It's not right any other way.

The owner/manager comes around during dim sum time to make sure you got all the goodies you wanted.  If not, he goes and grabs it from the cart especially for you!  How nice of him!

I've been here for dim sum, with one occasion for dinner.  Everything was tasty!  There aren't as many traditional choices that would be found in the bay area or LA (California), but this is the best place in the Pheonix/Mesa area for Chinese food so far.
Food - First rate; especially the dim sum
Service - OK
Has the look and feel of a 1950s Vegas casino restaurant
A Sunday tradition... great dim sum, inexpensive, awesome.  

'nuff said.
Excellent food, service, and price. Lobster Newport is great.
I went there this past weekend with a friend and enjoyed their Dim Sum! They had so much more variety then the one at the PHX cultural center! Their spare ribs and chowmein on the cart was AMAZING! We had so much left over and it was so cheap! The people were very friendly too!
Fantastic food, especially the fresh lobster with scallions and ginger. Very friendly staff and owners. Go there weekly.
My favorite dimsum restaurant!

I lived in Hong Kong for 8years and know what real Chinese/dimsum restaurants are. 

Although we are not Chinese, we do dimsum on Sundays. So when we moved to Phoenix from Miami, we tried different dimsum places in Phoenix area.

We picked up some local Chinese news papers from a Chinese grocery store and tried the restaurants advertised on it. (written in Chinese, so we assumed they are authentic). 

We went to Phoenix Palace, Golden Buddha, Mekong Palace, China King and C-Fu and concluded C-Fu offers the best dimsum.

Our criteria;
1. Variety
2. Taste
3. Freshness
4. Service
5. Price

Phoenix Palace might be the second best. They are as good as C-Fu in variety, taste and freshness, followed by China King whose variety is not high. Golden Buddha is the last. Golden Budda is not Cantonese restaurant anyway. 

Staff are all nice at C-Fu and dishes categorized as "A" and "B" are all $2.28 which seem to include most of steamed dishes except expensive ones like shark fin dumplings. We normally spend $25-30 for two including tip.

C-Fu beats all the other places for the super flaky and tasty egg tarts. This is another reason we love C-Fu.
Avoid on weekdays if you want Dim Sum!

The last two times I went there I left after sitting at a table for 20 minutes with no food. Sometimes a cart would go by - a different table.  

No amount of hand waving or imploring looks would do any good.

You couldn't drag me in there kicking and screaming on a weekday again.
C-Fu Gourmet has been wonderful.  They have so many options it can overwhelming, but they answer all your questions.  Every time I go there, I ask to make sure that there is no fish, shellfish, animal product in their sauces, and they are honest about it and offer vegetarian substitutions which is always nice.  A little bit on the pricier side but always worth it.  Their bird's nest dish (veggie style) is my absolute favorite.  It's a bowl made out of dried noodles with steamed vegetables and sauce inside.
I've been to C-Fu on numerous occasions. We even had our rehearsal dinner there and the owner was very courteous and did a great job delivering us a custom menu.

Recently, the day after my brother's wedding, we had a huge party and were thinking about all going out to dinner, we decided to call up C-Fu and they told us that there wouldn't be any waiting at all. They quickly took care of us all and then we all decided to hit up the bar and do karaoke. It was a blast.
I had my two sons and their families come to AZ for the Thanksgiving weekend so before they left for home yesterday, they wanted Grandpa to take them to eat dim sum.  Well as we were driving to Phoenix Palace where we normally go, we were talking about perhaps giving C-Fu Gourmet another shot since we had not been there in over two years.  The last couple of times we went to C-Fu the dim sum was pretty bad since they had lost their experienced dim sum chef.

So we decided to give them a shot again.  Upon driving up, we noticed a big banner that gave the new dim sum prices, which were lower since I suspect they are now actively trying to compete with Phoenix Palace, kiddy corner across the street.  To make a long story short, the dim sum was pretty good.  There were some dishes that left something to be desired, but all-in-all, I think they did a good job.

I do have a couple of complaints though --- they have some young people pushing the dim sum carts and I think that is good since they can speak English as opposed to the older women who cannot speak English or understand you.  But even with that capability, I asked the steam cart guy for a steamed dish and he said OK, but we never got it.  Then I asked the fried cart girl to get me a couple of dishes from the kitchen and she said OK but never went back into the kitchen.  So my problem here is with that kind of customer service, I am not sure if I want to come back here again if I cannot get what I want.  

But the food was good and so much better than I experienced the last time I was here over two years ago.
Went here today for Dim Sum with a friend and we were very happy. The food was excellent and the service very friendly and attentive. We picked several items from the carts and all of them were very good.  I remember having sticky rice, chow mein, three different kind of dumplings with shrimp, Chinese broccoli, and fried egg rolls. Everything was fresh and very good. I was tempted to try a couple more things but already had more than I could eat. My date was very happy with the food and complimented the staff for being very friendly.
Authentic Cantonese restaurant with great Dim Sum.  I was there when it just opened and frequented it when it was relatively new and I haven't had the chance to visit for a few years so hopefully things haven't changed.
A friend of my boyfriend recommended C-Fu Gourmet so we tried it on Xmas eve.  In spite of the fact that they were very busy, the food was still awesome!!!  The C-Fu Chicken and French Beef are incredible and the fried rice is the best in the valley!!  Oh, I forgot to mention the Coconut pudding and Snowballs...delish!  We went back the following week with friends...service and food were even better!!  This is our new Chinese restaurant!!!
finally my streak ended.  This place always treats you like family even when it's busy.  I don't like Chinese but when I have to have it this is the only place I like to go to.  I love their sesame balls.
Place is a hidden gem. All things Chinese are at their finest. Looks like a wedding hall because they use it for one at least twice a month. They have the access to some of the freshest seafood / produce/ ect. available, with there location so close to lee's market place which flies in fish and other Asian inspired staples daily. Plus lee's has special selections for near by restaurants. 

They have the whole gamete of edible creatures available. From jelly fish to duck. And there recipes bring them to their best. Everything is family style, so bring friends/family for great food and conversation. There is a bar, but not really a place where your looking to drink. I think it's there just for the wedding/events they put on. 

It is a culture shock. So don't get all weird if there is a language barrier or if you not use to a rotating Asian condiment tray iin the middle of a family style table. That is what makes it so special. If you have issues with that buy Rosetta Stone and get over it.
I've only been here for dim sum so I can't rate their other food items, but I give their dim sum 5 stars. Their service is fast, friendly, and they have a large selection of exactly what you'd expect from a good dim sum place. My belly sure was satisfied!! We will definitely be back. :)
This place is our go-to spot for dim sum. Every single time the family is town, we make the trek from downtown Phoenix here. It's been our dim sum rest. of choice for years, I'd even say for the past 15. 

The owner is so great, he runs around with the waiters, not only checking in on table, but taking orders and delivering refills. Your drink will never be empty nor will you leave hungry. Have the usual array of dishes as well as more tradition (IE most white people will not ever try) dishes. I love the shrimp rice noodles, potstickers, shumai, pork buns, their calamari is tasty and so is the chow mein. 

It can get crazy, so try and arrive early on the weekends, but it's worth it! The place is pretty large and they have tons of staff. You can also order off the menu if you can't find something that tickles your fancy.
We've been having a hard time trying to find a Chinese food place that wasn't Panda Express type food. I've been hearing about C FU gourmet for awhile on yelp and driving by it every once in awhile. It was appetizing! I love chicken lo mein so I always order it at every Chinese food place we go to and the lo mein at C FU was tasty. My husband enjoyed the duck and he REALLY did enjoy it. The other people we were with enjoyed their food also. The only thing that I didn't like about the place was their service we waited for a bit to get our drink order and then when we got our food they pretty much ignored our table and we all were out of drinks so it wasn't great eating with no water. But overall the place has delicious food from szechuan and cantonese style. We will going back
I'm torn on whether to give this restaurant 3 or 4 stars. I ate here for a banquet for an association, so I didn't get any choice in the menu. I think if I had a choice in the menu I would've enjoyed the food more and given it 4 stars. So I'm really only evaluating the banquet experience.

The room is spacious, servers were friendly (although some seemed clueless and talked very loudly while the presentation was going on), the decorations on stage are terrible and cheesy, the sound system kept giving feedback while people were speaking.

As for the food, I really enjoyed the seafood dishes, the chicken dishes were just kind of meh. The stand out for the night was the sesame balls they served for dessert.

I would come back here again, as the reviews for dim sum all seem favorable. For a Phoenix-area Chinese restaurant it's pretty good, but in general for a Chinese restuarant it's just about average.
I've been here twice in the last month for Dim Sum.  Overall it's an ok place.  Their service suck.  Both times, we had to wait more than 5 mins before someone came over to get our drink order.
Have not been here in quite some time, at one time was one of the better places for dim sum and banquets. The food is still good, but went to dim sum a couple weeks ago and the service was terrible. We had 3 tables and the dim sum carts would not go to all the tables. I don't know why they would not want to go to each table and get rid of their items, are ashamed of the food or do they think they are in a race for how fast they can make a lap around the restaurant. There are too many other good dim sum places to go to rather than this one. Don't go here!
I was invited to a banquet dinner for about 50 to 60 people.  Problem is the place didn't provide mircrophones so the organizer's were speaking loudly to get audience's attention.  The tables were spaced very far from each other.  The organizer's pre-selected the dishes for the dinner:

Miced Beef Soup - It was ok the cilatro over powered the taste of the soup
Hong Kong Walnut Shrimp - The walnuts were not fresh
Sliced Abalone with Black Mushrooms - Good taste 
Whole Roasted Duck - The duck was very fatty (more than normal)
Beef and Black Pepper - It was ok, a little bland
Pork Chop with Peking Sauce - This dish was the best
Salted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice - The lettuce was not finely cut, so the large chucks made the dish soggy
Fish fried and stir fried - This was very good

Why the 2 stars?  The service sucked!  They didn't tell you what dish it is when they bring it out.  And you wait forever for refills.  And when someone on the our table asked for a bag, they pointed to the station for us to get it ourselves.  And the place was SUPER HOT!  The air kicked on every once in awhile.  Didn't expect to eat in 90 degree weather.
I used to work here so I may be just a little bias. However, I come here whenever my whole family, especially, my grandma wants to eat dim sum. Anyway, the food is okay because we ordered 5 plates of plain rice noodles for my vegan sister but 2 of the 3 plates were not even cooked all the way so she didn't even eat much. I felt really bad for her because her choices were very limited (especially when it comes to dim sum). Anyway, lots of the food here are pretty good/okay. However, they are just too pricey for me. Plus, if you are looking out for your figure, um...I suggest you just drink water here.
Can we just talk for a minute about how friggin' good this restaurant is? This place serves plenty of fresh dim sum, has fast service and easy to get in if you come early!  But be warned, we have come just as the doors opened only to miss out on some of the choices when they get busier, so your timing to arrive will influence your choices. What's good about dim sum is that each dish is inexpensive and you can sample a variety of food. C-Fu is always pretty busy but you don't normally wait long to be seated.

This place a good spot for decent dim sum.  They are fast, effective, and your dim comes out nice and steamy.  Service for us was OK,  then again, Chinese restaurants aren't always known for having the best service.  Could I tell you the exact name of our favorites?  No. but their food is amazingly tasty, and fresh! Plus the carts actually come by frequently.

The food is delicious and remarkably affordable!  I haven't been to any other dim sum restaurant here in Arizona, so I can't compare to others, but this once is delicious. The restaurant was nice and spacey    "the food really good" but "I can't remember the name of it",   Excellent choice for Dim Sum.  Busy place, which keeps the food fresh and the carts moving.  Very reasonably priced, as dim sum should be. 

They normally don't serve you, they are usually just there to refill your drinks and give your receipt.  Other than that, they go around with carts and you pick & choose what you want.  

FOOD: The food was really good. Unfortunately I can't remember  any of the dishes we enjoyed but we did try a variety of their selections.  We didn't like everything on the menu.  But there were lots of things my wife & I really liked. PRICE: Reasonable. SERVICE:  The carts come around quite frequently which is a good thing. Service is somewhat lacking when it comes to getting drink refills.  I had to constantly flag down a waiter to refill our beverage. Also our servers hardly spoke a word of English.  On a good note while the restaurant was packed, we were seated right away  CONCLUSION: My thoughts on a restaurant of any ethnicity is seeing who eats there, if you see many people from the ethnicity of food you looking for you are usually on the right track this place in that aspect does not lie.  RETURN  FACTOR: 100%. I would come back here when I crave for some dim sum.   

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
I've been going to this place for dim sum on and off for over 10 years. By far give the best variety of dim sum in the valley and give it to you straight. I'm originally from the Bay Area and went to china town there for dim sum and some of the dishes at C-Fu are just as good. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for dim sum in the valley.
I really needed an asian food fix after being in Chicago for a week.  I visited my boyfriend in Arizona for the first time when I ate here.  We ate here kind of late Saturday about 2pm.  The dim sum was ok.  

My next visit was when I moved here, I came with my parents and my boyfriend again but we came this time at 11am.  Peak dimsum hours and I had such a different experience.  The food was SO good and comparable to the dim sum we had at home (San Gabriel Valley).  Even my parents were impressed. 

The dim sum is hong kong parent approved!
I went for a dinner with a few friends on a Friday night around 8pm and we were one of two tables. It was a perfectly good dinner, with friendly staff waiting on us. One of the ladies was trying a bit too hard to upsell more expensive dishes, so that was a bit too obvious on her part but it wasn't too big of a deal.

Lemon Chicken - my husband's favorite. He seemed to like it well enough so I think it was good!

Double Tofu Delight - Fried tofu arranged on the border of the plate with steamed tofu in brown sauce in the middle. Pretty tasty!

Steamed Tilapia - Seemed a bit pricey, $24 for a roughly 2lb tilapia. But I guess they have to markup market prices to make a profit.

Honey Walnut Shrimp - Good, but the breading was a bit inconsistent among the shrimp. But you can't really do much wrong to this dish :P Yum...

All in all, it was a good dinner and we left pretty content. We'll have to come back for dim sum.
I really love the food here at this restaurant! Especially the dim sum. I've been coming here for years and every time the owner is there he is very welcoming! If your ever there for dinner definitely try the lobster. If you've never had lobster chinese style you've gotta try it!
As far as dim sum goes, C-Fu has always been the last option for me.  While the restaurant itself is definitely the most gorgeous out of the rest, the food is pretty white-washed and Americanized.  

If I am to drag myself out of bed for dim sum on my precious weekend, I expect hot steamy food and delicious steam to waft over me.  Instead, the food is always mediocre and warm at best.  Don't arrive too early for dim sum or you'll get the leftover steamers from the prior day.  While their food isn't downright disgusting, the targeted audience has definitely changed the past few years.  I say come around 11pm so you get the fresh dishes of the day!
I was supposed to have dinner at C Fu tonight but didn't and strangely enough, I wanted to post a quick thank you for it.

Tonight is Christmas, restaurant choices are kind of limited.  Not being of the Christmas persuasion, our typical Dec 25 consists of movies and Chinese food.

We had a party of 16 and although I had called earlier, C Fu explained that they could not take a reservation so my wife and I arrived about 30 minutes before everyone else to start to secure seating.  Upon arriving, we were told that seating would not be a problem, but because of a shortage of staff, it was taking about an hour after ordering to be served.

So I left my wife at C Fu and drove across the street to Phoenix Palace.  The place was 90% empty so I told them I needed a table of 16 and I would be right back. Long story short (you can read the full version on Phoenix Palace's page), it took over 2 hours to be served after ordering.  Other parties were seated, served, and left before we received anything.

So now I feel terrible.  C Fu lost my business tonight because they were honest and that sucks.

Although I didn't eat here tonight, I've eaten here a million times: both dinner and dim sum.  Even held 2 bat mitzvah parties here.  Food is always excellent.  Top picks: French tenderloin, c fu chicken, walnut glazed shrimp.
Hello Arizona Foodies and Happy Holidays!

I am delighted to report I have been back to C-fu a couple of times in the last 6 months simply because compared to the rest out there in my local area this is the best choice.

We found that the food has gotten back to what it used to be, along with the selection of items and the service.

There are many of the regular dim sum items along with some interesting tid bits.

The food has been warm or better which is a far cry from the cold it was for a while there.

We went for our tradition Xmas dinner and unfortuantely they did NOT have their act together!

The owner was running around like a chicken with his head cut off.

There was noone to fill water, tea etc.... and the selections were not as quick as normal.

I come here each year for Xmas and usually the service is better....they know to expect the Xmas crowd but I am guessing they were very short handed.

I am glad I decied to give it another shot and will be returning.

My suggestion is to wait until 11:30 or so before going on a Sunday to get the best and freshest selections.

So go..... experience and enjoy!

Bon Appetite'
This place has become our Christmas tradition when we visit my sister over the Holidays.  In 2012 we got the dim sum, but this year we were too late for dim sum so just got a spread of different dishes.

There is a great variety of dishes, and pretty much all of it was good to great.  The fried Hong Kong noodles with shredded pork and the eggplant with garlic were the best of the bunch.  The only dish I wouldn't recommend is the Mu Shu Pork, which came wrapped like a burrito and was a bit watery for our taste.

The service was a bit slow, but it was Christmas day so we can't complain about that.
Quite possibly the best restaurant in the greater Phoenix area.  Almost everything is recommended from daily dim sum breakfasts, to Sesame chicken afternoon lunches, to Chilean Seabass dinner, to nightclub and beer on weekends.  Highly recommended.
This is by far the best Dim Sum on the east side.  The food is always good and really pretty consistent.  

The pork with rice noodles is my favorite and my daughter loves the shrimp dumplings.  

When I was there last weekend they had some weird Karoke thing--- but other than that is always a good place to chat and enjoy a morning treat.
It is so much fun to come here and have Dim Sum for lunch. Everyone is so nice and friendly.  The food is great too!
The Dim Sum here isn't bad and it is certainly better than anything in Tucson. It can't be compared to  San Francisco Dim Sum but for AZ, it's just fine. I DO like their beef rice rolls and chow mien noodles. Though I always get either Chinese broccoli or baby bok choy, I always eat it plain since the sauce that comes with is a little too salty. It is always worth getting the tea. The service is friendly, it's not expensive, and the experience here is always pleasant.
Went here for dim sum and was very pleased with the selection and the food was very tasty.  Price was very good. We ate a lot and the bill was very reasonable. I have had dim sum at Great Wall and Mekong Palace and in my opinion C-fu is better.
Favorite dim sum in the valley. Large seating area and lots of carts roaming about. They have a large selection of dumplings and oth their traditional dim sum items. I recommend trying the chrysanthemum tea when you are there.  It is much more flavorful than green tea. The steamed BBQ pork buns are my favorite item.  Be sure to order to trays when the server comes by!
For less than $9 a pop, if I were a homeless guy, I would maybe try and save up enough to eat here for the day. 

Not the best food by any means though.
It's really tough to rate this place.  It has decent food, but the cleanliness of the place has much to be desired.  You know the saying, "If you want to see how clean a restaurant is, go to their bathroom"?  Trust me, you don't want to go to their bathroom because you might not want to eat after that.  It's downright nasty.

All that aside, I've been to this place a few times.  And I must say, the food isn't half bad.  I usually go during lunch.  Good news is that I haven't gotten sick yet.  It's kind of a mix of Chinese, Japanese, and even Thai food.  There's even a stir fry station where you can make your own raw ingredients and have one of their staff cook it for you.  They have a very big selection, around six hot stations with at least 6 dishes at each one.  They got pad thai, fried rice and noodles, teriyaki sirloin, egg rolls, soups, sweet sour chicken, and even lettuce cups you can make yourself.  Lots of stuff.  They even have a mock sushi station on the side with several different varieties.  I call it 'mock' because it's not quite like authentic sushi, more like the kind you find at Walmart.  They even have hand rolls on occasion.  It's not the greatest but I give them props for effort.  

My favorite thing there is their Chinese Fried Chicken...oh yum....they got chicken wings and sometimes mini drums that they marinate in some garlic type sauce then fry to a crisp.  They are the best with some lemon and ketchup on the side, and even better if they are still steaming hot.  Their fried donuts are OK too if they are steaming hot.

Their best value is lunch, it's around $8.95 per person.  Even lunch on Saturday is still weekday prices.  But be careful on Sunday, it goes up quite a bit for lunch...I think at least 5 bucks a person.  It used to be in the $7 range a year ago during lunchtime but I guess with inflation (or better quality food...ha ha) it's creeped up.  If it goes up any more, i don't think I could visit that often because it won't be worth the price.  If it was back to $6.95 for lunch like it used to be, I would have given it another star.
Tried many Chinese buffets in town and this one is the best of the dozen or so in Vegas. They do have pretty fresh ingredients. They do switch some of their lunch dishes out during dinner so you don't feel like your paying more for only lunch items. For dinner you get more of the seafood dishes like, shrimps, mussels, lobsters, crabs and fish.  Overall taste of all the dishes is consistent. We've been dining at this buffet from time and time again for the past two years and haven't been disappointed. They do have a good selection of dishes, with a decent sushi, fresh fruits, dessert and a Mongolian BBQ station. It's more of a locals buffet so don't expect it to be like a fancy buffet at one of the strip's hotel. The food is good and the price is reasonable, what more can you ask for.
I go to Vegas at least once a year and I'm a huge fan of buffets, Especially this one. They've got a lot of variety and the prices for lunch and dinner are pretty cheap compared to buffets on the strip. However, if you are staying at a hotel on the strip, this place is kinda far, but well worth it. And they always always always have good ass king crab legs, but I heard its only on Fridays now?
over 150 items daily


including beef, shrimp, chicken, pork, mussels, fried dumplings, fried squid, bbq spareribs,vegetable, mei fun lo mein, fish, salad bar, fruit, appetizers, soup, dessert and more

special dinner buffet items lobster, snow crab, new zealand green mussels, oysters, sushi, mongolian bbq, stir fried shrimp,fried scallop, cocktail shrimp and much more.


probably the best seafood buffet in all of las vegas. everything is great & fresh. the service is a little slow. the chocolate fondue fountain was very cool & what an assortment of crab legs,frog legs,lobster,sushi & more. only $16.99 per person compared to 2x that anywhere near the strip or in a casino!! we will be back-often!!
i was a little turned off my last trip by the lurking buspersons, they eyeballed you every little bite and the signs posted everyhwhere that this is not an everyday buffet-you MUST eat what you take or you may have to pay MORE. seemedkinda petty & strange,were they counting my plates & how would they enforce such a thing -try to fet you to pay more after you eat or stop you after 3,4 or 5 plates & say "sir you must now pay per plate" The rangoons were freaking awesome i probably ate like 15-20 of them, the crab legs were hot, juicy and VERY meaty melted in your mouth. The wonton soup was good and sushi was fresh & tasty. Breaking the posted rules I continued to load up plate after plate so I could try everything the mussels the frog legs and everything else. Overall the food was pretty good, the ribs were really tough but the seafood was fresh and the DONUTS were hot and oh so yummy-I  ate like 6-7 of them.

Well there was no wait to get in or be seated and the place was packed, refills were fast coming,plates were cleared fast , for the most part the food was good-i'm a rib guy and it was a little disappointing. The price was right under $30 for 2 people. We will return.
$8.95 for lunch?  Even on Saturday?!  Sign me up!  Even their dinner prices look fairly reasonable at $12.95!

There are a ton of Asian type dishes, though most of them are Chinese-ish.  Although there is not a lot a meat present, there is enough to keep the carnivoures at bay.  The real key is that the vegetables are done fairly well, such as the asparagus and the brocolli.  One must be healthy when eating 4,000 calories in one sitting.  Eat the "sushi", but just remember... $8.95.  So don't get excited when you get a little tummy ache later.

There is pretty much everything standard in an AYCE Chinese buffet such as dumplings, egg flower, hot and sour wonton soups, broccoli beef, kung pow, steamed / fried rice, chow mein, sushi (think fake crab roll and some tuna type rolls), salad bar, fruits (canned type), teriyaki chicken, korean bbq, Mongolian grill, chicken and mushroom... well you get the idea.  I am sure it rotates all the time.

This place gets crowded since it is a recession and families need to eat.  Plus, it is a damn good deal!

If you are not a picky eater, you don't mind eating in factory style restaurant and you are down to your last $12 (tax and tip, you cheap bastard!), this is your place.  You may not want to take a first date here... or go for your anniversary for that matter.
This particular Buffet Asia was very accommodating to our family reunion group of fifteen (kids included).  The fresh oysters on a half shell (available only on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays) were very enjoyable and had my full attention.  It was a popular menu item in our party, and the round table we sat in had a majestic mountain of oyster shells when the bill came.  So popular in fact, that I can't even remember what else I ate there!

So if you like gulping raw oysters to your heart's (and stomach's) content, I would suggest trying this place out.  The oysters pay off the bill fairly quickly.
I found Buffet @ Asia (so hip with their "L33T Speak") to be merely okay.  Nothing exceptional, but a decent selection.

A few observations I noticed while here:

While they did have a fairly diverse sushi line-up, regardless of the fish on top, or the sauces added, there was always the following three things inside each roll regardless: Cucumber, avocado, and crab.  Usually not bad, but it honestly made up the contents of each roll.

The hot and sour soup was not a great experience.  It was largely tasteless, other than there was a bit of hotness left tingling in your mouth.  I don't mind hot/spicy things, but when eating soup, I'd like for there to be a few other flavors involved other than "I don't taste anything, yet my lips are tingling".

I also noticed that some fellow named "Bil" took great pride in writing and carving his name all over the men's bathroom, going as far as to carve his name into the toilet seat.  I wonder if "Bil" really thought it through when he would eventually claim ownership of the results of people's bathroom visitations, but if it somehow helps to build his personal empire in ways that I simply cannot comprehend, then more power to him.

....

I guess.

The servers were good about removing plates, and the price isn't bad.  They have a Mongolian BBQ section, so big points for that, but I decided to attempt that for another visit.  For what it is, it's not bad, but the hot and sour soup is useless, and don't expect a lot of diversity in sushi choices there.

UPDATE: As of July 2009, "Bil" has been removed from the bathroom walls!  His empire has crumbled, and undoubtedly, those oppressed by his iron rule have been set free.  For the rest of you, you can do your business in peace without fear of claimage by "Bil".  I can only hope that his short-lived rule found enough glory for the historic archives of bathroom kingdoms.

(Sushi is still about the same).
I've eaten here a couple times in the last few weeks, for the price you get a real good selection. I'm going to go there again in a couple days.
Not too bad of a buffet. 

Completely agree with Guy C's comment on the hot and sour soup. it was neither hot nor it was sour. The spicy was from very very finely grounded black pepper and that's about it. 

Service is okay in regards to busing plates and refilling drinks. If you need extra forks or napkins it's faster go just grab them yourself. 

The food is good but after your first time everything's pretty much the same. Most likely will return but not for a few months
Buffet @ Asia is a place that has never peaked my interest until recently when a family member raved about their Sunday dinner.    

Come Sunday, and you have three ravenous individuals who just came from biking outside in the 107 degree Vegas weather.  (Yeah, we're crazy.)

We walked in around 5 pm, and there's already a line.  Straight to the register, $15.99/pp (adults) and we're seated at a table.  

There's a Mongolian BBQ station - you pick your veggies and meat and they cook it up on this giant flat stove thing for you.  (We all skipped this, which might explain why we never saw the kalbi short ribs everyone else talked about. Damn.)

Sushi - They have a bunch of random rolls with lots of sauce and stuff and some salmon sashimi.  That was something we all avoided as well.

Seafood - green mussels, baked scallops (my friend wasn't sure if there was scallop in there b/c they mix it up with stuff and cover it up with sauce), jumbo hot shrimp (old), cooked cold shrimp (fresh, and not overly cooked - over by the salad bar section), oysters on the half shell (big ones - okay, a bit too 'milky' for me), lobster, salt and pepper crab (not the freshest), snow crab legs (we mostly ate this and a lot of it, with drawn butter), deep-fried frog legs (old), deep-fried calamari (okay), baked salmon, clams (pretty good), and I'm sure a few other things I overlooked.  (There was no crawfish though, unfortunately!)

Cooked items - stir-fried strings beans (I ate a lot of this), mixed veggies with shrimp, beef and broccoli, fried rice, steamed rice, asparagus, potstickers (skin was old), crab ragoons, eggrolls, deep-fried chicken wings, etc.

Soup - wonton soup, oxtail soup, egg drop soup.

Dessert - fresh fruit and marshmallows for dipping into chocolate, egg custard tarts (blah), almond cookies, soft serve, almond jello with fruit cocktail, mango mousse, sesame balls, malasadas (would be better if they were hot), tapioca, and a few other things.

Service is super attentive, especially in clearing plates.  They greet you right away with beverage orders and it's not to hard to wave them down for refills, extra napkins, shell crackers, etc.

Overall, you really can't complain about the price.  We went on one of their more expensive nights and I think we had enough crab to definitely surpass our money's worth.  You have to wonder how they even turn a profit.  Some of the food is just blah, but at least you can have a taste and never get more.  And then there's a handful of things that will have you returning for more.  It works for picky eaters too.  Their menu seems to be changing all the time, so you never know what you're gonna get!  I've had better buffets (that cost more), and worse Asian ones too.  They obviously are doing something right because there's a lot of people dining here.
We went for Father's Day -- about $20/person. Lots of seafood, including grilled prawns, crab legs, and stir fried lobster tails, oysters, scallops, and even frog legs, OK sushi and nigiri, They also have your typical Asian fair -- deep fried, heavily sauced, w/ mayo, or sweet and sour, some kind of soybean, Mongolian stir fry... everything and anything... dessert was typical of an Asian style buffet. Dry cakes, self-serve froyo bar w/ various sugar toppings, and fresh fruit which included a chocolate fountain.    

Servers were attentive, our drinks never ran empty... They accommodated our large party. (10+)It was good, you know, better than okay, just based on the different selections and variety. But ya... the eyes are always bigger than the stomach. So we overate, stuffed our faces, and stood by the "no waste or you pay" rule. 

That's pretty much it. But a fork in it -- it's BEEN overdone.
we used to come to this place a lot when we were still living in Vegas.  We were on vacation in Vegas recently and figured, "let's visit our old stomping restaurant."  

We were greeted and paid first (new policy) I guess there were a lot of people that just gets up from their table and pretends to be using the restroom but actually leaving. Anyways, not a big deal...

My hubby goes and gets some rice and what did he find in there? HAIR...he told one of the workers and the worker quickly took the pot and said thank you.  So, it's a good thing that she acknowledged.  Ok, so we thought it was over.  I go up to their fresh vegetable stir-fry area where the guy does it in front of you.  I picked my veggies (bean sprouts etc...) and shrimp and handed it to him...went and grabbed some of the food and headed back to him to pick up my stir-fried veggies and headed back to my table to enjoy this food.  I have been craving for this veggies all day...I'm about to dig in and what do I find? HAIR!!! AGAIN!!!  Is it booby trap day for us???  I took it to the guy and he said it's from the bean sprouts...I said no, it's not and I actually picked it up with my fork and showed him.  He didn't apologize but asks me if I wanted another one...I don't think so! 

After all this happened, we kind of lost our appetite but we paid $50 for our freaking dinner!  So we were just careful of what we were putting in our mouth, sigh...  

While we were having dinner, my son had to go to restroom so hubby took him. While they were in there, one of the workers came in to use the restroom, he went pee, and blew his nose in his hands and just rinsed his finger tips off and left...that is freaking GROSS!!!!!  By this time we've had it...so we just left...

Never ever coming back to this place again...
It's a toss up depending on if you ask me or my husband. I liked this buffet better than Little Dumplings (on Craig Rd); my husband is the opposite. But we both agree the food it not great but decent for an asian buffet.

This buffet has a very nice selection of foods. The stations are nicely spaced apart and clean. There was a nice sushi selection; and nice selection of seafood (shrimp, salmon, frog legs, crab), a mongolian grill (you choose what you want and staff cooks it), the usual asian fare and soups, fresh fruit & chocolate for dipping, soft serve as well. 

The building is an older one and the decor is old. But you're not there to eat either so it doesn't really matter to me. This buffet does offer take-out but be warned- they weigh you container to make sure it's not over 2 lbs. No joke, I saw the scale by the register. 

Overall, it was something new but I don't know if we'd go here again unless we were in the area. I think we might try the other location though on Eastern... I've heard good things about that one.
Decent good Chinese buffet. Loved the lobster there. Although it is hard to get the good pieces of lobster as few folks were gabbing them as soon as they were out of kitchen. They had quite a few varieties of Asian dishes. But lobster topped everything. It was a different experience of eating buffet after trying out all the casino buffets. Yeha the restaurant environment is what you would expect if you visit a typical Asian buffet. But next time I visit LasVegas I would definitely stop by here for some lobster.
Where else can you go and have unlimited lobsters, crabs, freshly made sushi, oysters for $14.95? I think this place is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. The Wynn buffet is awesome, but the price is way too high. Normally, my friends would dine there during lunch for a little over $8 bucks, drink included. But if you're really into sea food, go there for the weekend dinner, which has oysters, lobsters, crabs, etc... Base my past experiences, the best time to eat there would be on Saturday, because that's when everything is so fresh (I think older stuff would probably be gone after Friday dinner). And sunday, because it's a all day dinner buffet, you may experience stuff sitting out for too long and therefore won't taste as good. For all out of towners, you gotta try this. For peep in LV, try it once in a while, b/c eating too much of this stuff = high cholesterol and weight gain ..lol.
Vegas Trip 2:25PM
Got a phone call from my peeps im suppose to meet up with and they decided to go to this asian bufffet located in rainbow blvd called BUFFET@ASIAN II. This place is pack no line but all the people are  sitting down waiting to be seated. minimum 15-20 people per family. DANG had to wait to get seated but my people was not in the rush to eat so we went outside and just bs for a while until the owner came out within 15 min letting us know that our table is ready party of 10 + 5 brats. big family big group sat down and we ordered our drinks thai ice tea here was great but do not ask for boba it is not good not fresh. and here we go again with a big buffet meal but this time i am ready for this fish crab lobster sushi i ate em all did not worry about getting sick nor worried about my high blood pressure.LOL. Everyone was loud talking yelling at each other just to get there point across but that's asian life nobody listening but yourself. RATED this place A- excellent food ambiance was great but the service and locale was not great. will i come back to this place HELL YES....
Lots of items to choose from - that's the reason to go here, and the food is good, too. The frog legs, if you're interested, are good (yes, they taste like chicken, but they're still good), and all the regular chinese food staples are here. Always crowded if you don't mind and the sign that refers to possibly being 86'd if you waste food is inappropriate and a turn-off, but a good fun place to burst at the seems as you fill up on tasty selections. Fair price; one of the better chinese buffets in the city.
no stars! place is disgusting. found a worm/catapillar in the kim chi. didnt give us a refund. gross. dont go there. for any of the food. it's so dirty. so dirty! so rude! so cheap! signs everywhere about extra charges.
I went to @ Asia buffet, for my favorite Xmas tradition Chinese food, and movies, the place was packed but the service was great, quick drinks and plenty of food coming out of the kitchen, one of the best Suchi lay outs i've seen in a buffet here in Vegas.
$6.99 per person for lunch buffet. So cheap, right?? Well, you get what you pay for. The Mongolian BBQ was pretty good, as well as the soups. Other stuff was just meh. A lot of greasiness.

Probably won't be going here again, even though the restaurant was packed. I think I'll try a real Asian buffet next time.
I can't quite understand why so many people like Buffet at Asia. My wife and I tried the Rainbow location a year or so ago and it was absolutely revolting. The serving areas were messy, the food overly greasy and unappealing and it all just felt extremely cheap and low-end.

Perhaps I am picky because I come from Australia where we can get amazing Chinese food (sort of like how in the US you can get great Mexican due to the proximity to Mexico). The fact that I don't eat fish or seafood of any kind didn't help either - The place was VERY heavy on the seafood.  Vegetarians won't he happy either, unless you are one of those fake "vegetarians" that thinks fish are vegetables.

The final nail in the coffin for us about this place where the signs on the walls saying that due to wastage, if you left any food on your plate you would be CHARGED EXTRA FOR IT! I mean -really- part of the beauty of a buffet is that you get to OWN the food and decide what to eat. I don't want to have to clean up my plate for fear of trouble with the management. I'd be interested to know if this ludicrous policy is still in place, but I have no desire to ever eat here again and will never know.
I used to frequent this place but everytime I go I feel very sleepy.
Could it be MSG? I have to admit that I like the salt and peper crab and their lobster (only during weekends).   I dread going back because of how I will feel afterwards.
Food is greasy, messy serving, seating needs to be updated and overall cleanliness. The ventilation and exhaust is not great too...expect smelling like food thoughout the day (definitely not a place for a hot date).
I'm sorry but I've experienced better buffets for the same inexpensive price  elsewhere. My exboyfriend, his mom, and I came here for lunch and half way through our meal, the server came and informed us that if we're willing to pay 4 more bucks for dinner which came with more varieties of seafood. We pay and expect some great seafood action but it was not as good as we thought it would be.

Overall, the food sucks and not because I'm a picky eater, it's just the fact that they can't cook things the way it's suppose to taste. Like the sweet and sour chicken, CMON...they really can't make it right? It's like the easiest thing to make to perfection. And I don't think they even wash the sea food properly because I keep tasting gritty sand in my mouth. (Eww.) Most of their choices there are fried, It's like they're trying to give someone a heart attack when they leave this place lol. Anyways, either they're trying to hide the non freshness of their food or they don't have better creative ways of new dishes.

After leaving the buffet, I thought to myself that I will never EVER come back here ever again. I'll rather go all the way to the Eastern one.
At $6.99 for lunch + the optional $1.29 for soda + tax = $8.95, a lunch at Buffet @ Asia II should be on anyone's Vegas cheap eats list.  Is it gourmet? Definitely not.  But what you get for dining here is the great selection of items that are constantly being refilled by the staff.

I braved the sushi selection, which is okay at best.  It has your typical inexpensive California rolls to those that are topped with broiled eel and eel sauce.  If you want AYCE sushi, I guess you can do it here on the cheaps or better yet, pony up another $13-15 for it at a AYCE sushi place around town.

The Chinese food section is better. Although there are some items that I would suggest avoiding all together, such as the Salt & Pepper Shrimps (it can be messy to eat, and the quality of the shrimp or the way it was way overcooked makes it not worth the effort or the chance to waste the food).

And here is a quick review of what I remembered eating.

Mapo Tofu. Tofu is good, not spicy, and not the authentic version you would expect if you ordered this at a regular Chinese place.

Beef & Broccoli: I liked it.

Beef Tenderloin: Too tough, which means it was overcooked.

Seafood Combo: The shrimps are cooked well and it is tasty, but the imitation crab meat is not good at all. My guess is the quality of the imitation crab meat used is on the cheap and low quality spectrum, which means it is made more with flour fillers than fish.

Chicken entrees: I tried all of them and I think they are all pretty good for a buffet.  Except the chicken wings, which are fried too long, and pretty dried inside. The teriyaki Chicken is also okay at best.

Vegetable Tempura: Not the refined version served at most Japanese restaurants, but I still enjoyed it.  The yam tempura is my favorite.  As it can get rather greasy, I suggests waiting for it to be refilled and grab the ones on the top.

Wonton soup: Definitely have had better.

Garlic String Beans: Good but greasy.

Mongolian BBQ Station: I didn't try it.
Dessert Donut: Not bad for fried dough tossed in sugar.

Agar agar based desserts: Not bad.  Except all the plates are kept hot for the hot foods, that it warms up the desserts you place on it.

You can also order boba drinks and customize it with the fruit smoothie flavors you want for an additional nominal charge.

Service is good, definitely enough waitstaff to clear the tables quickly and offer to refill drinks frequently.

Location: Conveniently at the corner of Rainbow and Sahara. 

Parking: There are plenty.

Perverted Old Asian Men:  Must have came on a wrong day/time or seated in the wrong section, but I didn't see any.

Take out: Yes

Price:  Pretty low.  So perfect for those on a tight budget that can't cook at home.
For crab-lovers and shrimp-fanatics...this is your place.

The thing with Chinese food...it's pretty much hit or miss.  There are so many versions of Chinese food...be it Cantonese or Mandarin, or what-have-you, that there is no set way a dish is supposed to be cooked.  What I love about buffets is you can try a little bit of everything.  A little bit of this, a little bit of that.  So, if you walk in here with a mind-set of tackling down their sweet-and-sour chicken or their wonton soup...be prepared for a big disappointment, becuase you're probably going to compare it the way another restaurant does it.

I go to buffets to satisfy my seafood cravings.  I go for their weekday dinners because that's when all the good stuff comes out, without the extra charges of the weekend.  

But for those who are allergic to seafood, or just choose not to eat it, I really wouldn't eat here because you're paying quite a lot just for meat.  But seafood fans...chow down!!!
Absolutely the BEST asian buffet I have ever had! It pretty much leaves Krazy Buffet in the dust. Everything was very clean and well organized. The staff was friendly and prompt with the drinks. The lunch price is $8.93, tax included. That is not bad for a buffet that includes seafood, fresh hot and cold sushi, and a custom stir fry bar.
OMG me and my daughter just ate here I paid 13.28 for both of us adults 6.99 kids 4 bucks and the food was delicious specifically the baked mussels and the sushi I'm coming here again I'm in shocked on how cheap it was and so good...
I met up here with a friend after work on Friday . It was just about dinner time so I paid to have the dinner buffet. The dinner buffet had more seafood but I ended up not getting any. I didn't feel like getting messy and plus there were no wipes so I didn't have much. I did have this seafood like cheesy mixture that they put on a seashell. I don't have any idea what it is but I like it! I also had their tender beef which was really good. I had their Calamari which was too rubbery and it definitely needed sauce in order for it to taste good. That was the only thing that I tried that I would stay away from. The chowmein and fried rice are decent especially with the chili sauce but I kept forgetting to put that on. They also have Lotus balls here which are my favorite! 
When eating here you have to remember to only get what you can eat or they charge you for the left overs.I remember one time I brought my husband here and he loaded up on their pizza but he said it tasted awful. He didn't know what to do because he didn't want to pay for their rotten pizza. He ended up putting it on our neighbors table who already left to avoid extra fees.  I was scared that they were going to charge me for the left over calamari on my plate but they didn't. If you need a cheap Asian food fix this would satisfy your needs because there is a lot of options.
Once upon a time it was really good, but the food seems too oily for me. 

I do really like the salt & pepper crab legs, but you must go there early to make sure they don't run out. 

Great price but you get full very fast....
So, my parents told me to go to this place when I visited back in August with a bunch of friends of mine.  Out of the six, only four went, including me.

It was all the way past the Strip and into a very urban area that reminded me of my hometown.  The place stood out like a Outback Steakhouse around the corner of my house, so it was sort of easy to find.

When we entered, the place greeted me with it Korean employees and promptly sat me down, which is a plus in my book.  The employee was a young guy, probably in his late 20's taking our order for drinks.  When he asked us all, I suddenly looked around and saw a bunch of alcoholic drinks, especially sakes and soju (korean version of alcohol, a sweeter version of vodka).  My friend and i ordered some drinks and we all sat up and went to get our food.  The buffet had a lot of different types of foods like korean bbq, sushi of all kinds (mostly typical ones like california rolls), a lot of seafood options like king crab legs and such, and a LOT of desserts too.

My opinion is average (3 stars) for this restaurant.  Average food, but with many selections that anyone can like.  But, the option for the drinks are rare, especially in buffets.  That gave it another star.  This is a good place to go to when you're out in Vegas with a couple of friends.  The staff is good and the food is good.
We have a NEW Champion!!

This place was recommended for its sushi by a bus driver that I have come to know and HE NAILED IT!! A good sign I was in the right place was the amount of local Asians eating there.

After eating Cali Rolls for months on end and NOT eating any for 2 months or so, I was "Jonesing" for a fix and this place fixed me up good. They had a wide variety of rolls including spicy tuna, shrimp, eel, as well as rolls wt the orange fish eggs & various rolls wt spicy sauce. All were fresh and very good. The wasabi was kicking as well.

 Other stations offered your basic chinese fare such as brocoli & beef, whole fried shrimp, baked mussels wt cheese, Lo Mein, Fried Rice, sauted green beans, spring rolls etc.

There was also a station wt a chef to cook items to order & Tempura broccoli, sweet potatoes etc. And the price was right = $7.56 total. The desert offerings seemed kind of pedestrian & I grabbed a little muffin of some sort to eat on my walk afterwards & it was pretty good.

The location for me is kind of "off the beaten path" but well worth a return trip and #1 as far as all the buffets I have been to yet for the variety that included sushi.

I highly recommend it for Lunch.
This place not to bad! Good food and has a mongolian style station! Which is always a plus in my book!
We were looking for a local buffet for our Chinese/Japanese/Seafood moods and this place totally fits the bill!  The selection and variety of food is great and the price is very reasonable!  Everything was tasty and fresh - what more could you ask for from a buffet?
Well let me say that I was suprised to see how busy this place was on a Monday night.  With an open mind I met some people there for an xmas party.  They were able to accomidate our party of 14 within 30 minutes.  As for the food, well, its basic Asian food done in a good way.  The mongolian BBQ station was nice and the seafood was in abundence for those who like it.  All this for 11.50 not bad.  This place was decent for a buffet.  One bad thing was that it was cramped where we were sitting. oh well all in .all it was a good choice
I'll be straight up.. the inside of the restaurant may look kinda ghetto, but the food here is bomb! And for the price.. hell yes. You've got your sushi bar, Chinese food, American food, seafood (the mussels and shrimp toast are sooo good), dessert bar, etc. Pretty typical Asian buffet. Always busy, especially on the weekends. I always come out with my stomach packed to capacity and ready for my food coma nap.
Well, if you want oyster, lobster for cheap price, this is definitely the place you should go. But If you want delicious sushi, you should go to the sushi bar instead (yes). The sushi is cold, not fresh. The deep fried sushi is really bad. 

In conclusion, I am not a fan of lobster, so I will not come back again. I 'd rather pay more for more delicious and fresh dishes.
Simply put, if you can't afford to eat at nice buffet and wish to enjoy crab, this is the place. Othewise skip this place since the crab tasted like mash potatos and all though they don't run out of food, the customers grab all they can get as soon as they bring the crab or lobster out.
Food tasted like 2nd or 3rd day left overs and hate to say it. I tend to give great reviews to places that I enjoy and this is not one of them. 
My friend that took me there keep telling me that the food is great for the price and I was thinking well I guess if you are hungry enough, you can eat out of garbage cans and the cost would be great also.
I would not return to this place to eat because I rather eat white rice by itself then the food they serve.

Sorry for the bad review, I'm sure there are tons of people that enjoy the value but once you know what food supposed to taste like, it's hard to go back to this type of buffet.
My Mom loves this place and comes here at least once a month.  I, on the other hand, think it's just A-OK.  There's a nice selection of food, but it seems lacking to me.  Here's my +/- breakdown:

+ Large selection of food.  There's plenty of options.  They even have Pizza, although I don't recommend it....it's an Asian Buffet for Pete's sake!

+ Decent service.  This place is always busy and they usually keep up with the pace.  Food is generally kept stocked on the food lines and the servers keep the glasses full.

+ Food quality is OK for a buffet.  It's not great, but hell it's AYCE.....this isn't the Bellagio Buffet.

+ Price.  The price use to be really good, but they've been steadily increasing prices over the past couple of years.....but still, $6.99 for a lunch buffet?!  That's pretty cheap in my book.

- Parking.  Parking is a bitch when it's busy.....it's not the restaurant's fault though and my Star Rating doesn't reflect this....just saying, FYI.

Overall, it's pretty good value.  If you don't like waiting, I suggest going in between meal periods when it's slower than peak times.

Return Factor - 75%
I have been here 2wice, and both times I enjoyed the food. I'm not a huge fan of the seating because its like a cafeteria type with the tables. Its like youre eating with other customers, kinda creepy.

The sirloin pieces were super yummy as was the chow mein and sweet and sour pork! I also liked the doughnuts with vanilla ice cream! Super yum!

The wait staff are young and nice, I will def come here again!
Another in my multi-part Las Vegas saga of reviews. 

Although not legendary by any means, this buffet is a perfect cost to quality ratio. The after tax, before tip cost for lunch is around $17.00 including a beverage. The excellent sushi, crab legs and other seafood measure up.

Some exotic things you may find are crispy fried frog legs (tell your friend they're chicken wings), crispy fried squid (was a little over-cooked, but still tasty if you stick with tentacles) and a menagerie of shelled seafood prepared in a number of ways.

To be fair, a lot of the items they offer are garbage, but they have just enough good items to allow you to satisfactorily bypass these items of questionable quality.

Our server provided excellent service. Amusingly, although she had an otherwise thick accent, she could say "you're welcome" with absolutely no accent at all!

For those wanting to avoid touristy buffets with inflated prices for the same quality, this is a great place to try.
Been twice-1 dinner,1 lunch. Unbeatable lunch price- I was really just going in for sushi, and barely ate that due to the vast selections. I ate things I don't identify/recognize. 
Dinner time I had fried, skin off frog legs, which exceeded my expectations. Loved the garlic clams and mayo mussels to no end!! Good soups (didn't try the oxtail; a little unusual for me, maybe next time.)
Can't wait to go back. :)
I've only eaten at this place once.  The service leaned toward the rude side...  But they were extremely busy.  Packed with Spanish, and Eastern people.  Children were allowed to do what they wanted.  I was told that a lot of Asian people think it's impolite to disipline their children in public....?  Considering that it was loud, extremely crowded, the food was good.  I ate a lot and it was all pretty good.  I would have enjoyed the lunch more if it wasn't so cramped, some tables so close to others, you could eat off their plate.  I would go back if there was fewer people and try to relax and enjoy what was offered.  On a scale of 1-10 I'd rate this place as a 6.5 on food....a 4.5 on service...a 3.4 on ambiance and noise.
For what it is, Buffet at Asia is half-way decent.

It's definitely not the greatest Asian buffet, or any buffet, but it gets the job done. There are a variety of "Asian" favorites, mainly Chinese. Ya know, sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, egg rolls, bbq pork, pot stickers, orange chicken, etc. Beyond the Chinese food there are a variety of other "Asian" foods like sushi and pad thai.

But everybody goes in for the snow crab legs. I mean, market price for these bad boys is definitely at, if not more, than the cost of entry to B@A. Actually, any of the seafood [frog legs, crab legs, lobster tail, shrimp, fish, you name it, they probably have it] is pretty good.

If soup's your game, they have a few types [wonton, egg drop, oxtail] that are worth a try.

Desserts were a little transparent. Beyond ice cream [traditional chocolate, vanilla, mix], the desserts weren't too good. The fruit, which Asian restaurants are notorious for, were weak. I saw a couple melons, grapes, and berries...and they weren't that good.

Service isn't anything to write on a postcard, but it got the job done. No small talk, no smiles, no anything. Just cleaning tables, refilling drinks, then goodbye.

Overall, I think for the price [under $15 all day] B@A is worth it.
This place is just "okay". My dad loves this place.. Or used to love it. Honestly, the only reason why I go to this place is because of their shrimp and mussels. Oh! And their free refills of Thai Iced Tea. That's it. It's good. But everything else is.. Pure nasty-ness. Unless, of course, you're into the taste of shit.

Anyway, I hate their servers here with a passion. Especially the hostess. The last and final time my family and I were there, we brought in fam members from New York. So in total there were around NINE of us. The hostess wanted us to fit in ONE booth. ONE freaking booth. How do you expect all nine of us to fit into ONE BOOTH!? When we kindly asked if we could have at least two, she rolled her eyes at us, gave us attitude and finally gave in after arguing with my dad. My dad, of course, went to go complain at the front. She started arguing with my dad and finally my dad gave in and yelled, "SHUT UP! I'M THE CUSTOMER AND YOU'RE NOT!" Dumb hoe finally shut her mouth. 

There are plenty of events like this in the past. I swear, I've never came across such rude and disrespectful people in my whole entire life. 

They're also pretty slow on refills. Just a FYI.
***WARNING***: Proceed at your own discretion. May suffer from PTSD after eating at this particular buffet.
Great variety, so so food. I didn't feel great after eating here. Filthy restaurant. The value is in the Mongolian stir fry. If you stick with that, you can't go wrong for the price.
I have been to this place, probably 4 times. I consider it four stars because of two things, the price and the product. The decor, and cleanliness can be a little bit better. First off the price was 8$ lunch, 13$ dinner. For what they offer, it is a steal, compared to other asian buffets.  My favorites are the beef tenderloin; juicy and soft. the mussels, baked with mayo and cheese, its like a heart attack waiting to happen, but its so goood. they have frog legs, and they are actually pretty good. wings are ok, but everyone seems to horde the crab leg station, i never do because I am allergic to it. Mostly typical buffet food, they do try to copy the PF Changs, lettuce wraps, and FAIL, i have no gripe about that, because it's not PF Changs, it's a buffet, i have no time to wrap lettuce..im there to EAT. anyways, the real steal of the buffet is, sushi. It's awesome, impressive even. Figure this, if you get an 8 pc roll at other places and they are all the same, it would cost you maybe 7-9$. well you pay 8$ lunch, but could get one piece of each. So it definitely is worth it, even if you just went for Sushi. All in all, this is a place you would take your family or a big group of people, everyone will leave satisfied.
I finally decided to try this place after passing it a billion times on the way home it was right down the street from me, it looked decent and the parking lot was always full so I said why not! 

Boy was that a big mistake! 

I went at lunch around 12:30 - 1 so you would think being a buffet the food would be fresh seeing that it was busy. Big time YUCKO! The food was dry and hard! I thought I was going to break a tooth eating their orange chicken! Then i tried their beef and broccoli thinking it would be better because it wasn't dry wrong again ewww so nasty, fried rice and crab rangoons were also disappointing! 

I would never eat here again! 

Please do not eat here unless your a fan of: 

*Nasty food that's dried up and taste like dog food 
*Dirty surroundings and eating next to strangers 
*Racing to the buffet against other customers just to get some food!
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Although not a buffet on the Strip, this place is definitely one of the most crowded buffets I've been to in Vegas. It's very popular with the locals and visitors.

They have plenty of food and it never runs out despite the continuous stream of folks coming here. The employees are continuosly filling up the trays and so there is always hot food served.

A lot of the Asian buffets seem to always have the same types of food but Buffet at Asia goes beyond your typical Asian buffet food. They have so much more. There are all kinds of food. They have Thai food (pad thai), Chinese food (general chicken, brocolli beef, fried rice, chow mein, spicy chicken, egg flower soup, hot and sour soup, dumplings, egg rolls), Hawaiian food (oxtail soup), American food (french fries, crab, lobster tail, chicken wings), French food (frog legs) and all kinds of dessert (mango pudding with dates, coconut pudding, frozen yogurt, almond cookies, sesame balls, Chinese donuts, fruit cocktail, cream puffs). The crabs seemed to be the fan favorite for most. I noticed people's plates were piled with this.   For the soups, I really liked the wonton soup. The wontons inside were meaty and hearty. For the desserts, I was a fan of their Chinese donuts. They kept bringing these out and so they were always warm and soft. The mango pudding was very flavorful as well. I even was a fan of their frozen yogurt because it had a nice, fine texture and was not runny or milky.

Aside from your typical soda drinks, Buffet at Asia also offers different kinds of drinks like fruit slushes with boba and ice coffee.

Dinner at Buffet at Asia is $14.99. It's a great and yummy deal!
For the price, the food is decent. I was a bit skeptical about the sushi, but I had a couple of the rolls anyway, and they were good. While it's not the most aesthetically pleasing place, it serves its purpose, and the Chinese food is okay.
They now serve SPAM MUSUBI on their menu!  But not as good as the ones you find in the lil' Mom & Pop stores in Hawaii.
Negative stars for this place!!! This use to be one of mine and best friend's spot to eat. On one of our regular trips (we love the crab legs...) needless to say, the eyeball on my crab was still there looking at me and my friend found what looked to be a nose hair in her won ton soup. 

We both left in a hurry and made sure no one saw us because we still had full plates of food and were afraid to be charged extra. We proceeded to throw up in front of the restaurant. 

NEVER AGAIN. We are very sadden by the fact that one of our favorite spots is RUINED for us.
It is ok if your hungry. Problem I have is that the staff is rather rude. I don't know if it is a culture thing or just the way the staff is. I had dirt in my miso soup which curbed my eating for the day. I was glad to get something to eat as this is my families favorite spot in LV but I am going to watch what I eat next time.
I've been to this buffet for years, I pretty much grew up eating here. This place definitely deserves its 3 stars; however I just had the worst experience after years of eating here. 

I'm not entirely sure if the management has changed throughout the years, but whoever hired these waiters and the grill master must not have taken their applications seriously. 

My first bad experience happened the second I was seated. The waiter rolled his eyes at my party members for taking a little while on deciding what they wanted to drink. He was paying so little attention to us that he even got 2 out of 6 drinks wrong.

Second, I remembered how much I used to love making my own Mongolian barbeque because of how friendly the old grill master used to be... however, not quite this time. I had to call him twice just to get his attention and he definitely ignored me both times because after the third time I asked him to make my order spicy, he told me to go and grab the sauce myself. Sorry grill master, but no tip for you this time.

Lastly, the same waiter that made a fuss about getting my drinks was taking my plates away. This time, this guy manages to spill all the pot sticker sauce all over my table and on my girlfriend's seat while she was gone. The guy never apologized and just simply up and left our table in a mess.

Needless to say I didn't tip these bastards one cent for their horrid service. I would've been better off getting my own drink and making my own barbeque. Like I said, this place probably deserves its 3 stars from years of eating here, but never again will I be visiting Buffet @ Asia.
I never really been a big fan of "Asian buffets", where all they serve is cheap sushi, chow mein, fried rice, dumplings, sweat and sour soup, and you get the idea....but this one was actually pretty decent compared to the other ones. Yes, I have to admit that the variety was a little lacking, but the taste wasn't bad at all.

For the price, at around $8/per person for lunch, it really isnt a bad deal, except that price doesnt include drinks, so you would either have to just drink water, or pay an extra dollar or two for a soft drink. But for people who aren't a fan of soft drinks, or extra calories may I say, I thought it was good that they seperated the cost of food and drinks!

Moving on to the food, although the sushi wasn't the best selection, and most of the of course weren't of raw fish, it was pretty decent. This is one of the Asian buffets that actually had sushi and soup that I wouldn't complain about, and most of the time, these are the two big failures at these type of buffets. 

Due to the cheap price tag, wait does take a while though. At arpund 2pm on a Saturday afternoon, the wait was nearly an hour. But if you aren't up for the wait, there's a beauitiful and thrifty, but also, unhealthy Mcdonals in the same plaza! Just throwing it out there.
BEST AISAN BUFFET for the cheap price! All the food choices you get plus desserts make this place worth going to! The staff not so friendly but who cares Im not eating them? Im eating the cheap food and all I can eat might I add! When I want a drink the staff has always managed to get it there either in a minute or two no worries I'm not going anywhere and if I need to fill my own glass the picther is right there ready to be poured!
Compared with other cheap Asian Buffet places, such as China Star, this place is way above average for its food quality and quantity.  I come mainly for the basic sushi rolls and nigiri, crab legs, and the cream cheese wontons.  

Surprisingly, the sushi is not bad at all for buffet style, and they have most of your basic sushi rolls.  If you are needing a sushi fix for on the cheap, this is your place.  Just be aware that the sushi is nothing fancy, just your basic, standard rolls and nigiri (California Rolls and the like).  

The crab legs are another reason I frequent Buffet @ Asia, but there have been a few times lately they have been very soft and bendy on the outside, and difficult to crack open.  And everyone knows that eating crab legs can be kind of a lengthy meal in itself, so prying the bendy legs open can be kind of frustrating.  Also, I have been there once for lunch right as they opened, and their cream cheese wontons were dried out and didn't have any cream cheese filling on the inside....like they reheated leftovers and left them way too long in the oven....disappointing because I looooove cream cheese wontons.

They have your standard Asian buffet foods like Fried Rice, Orange Chicken, and Lo Mein, but they also have more unusual items like Frog Legs (which, I found out, do taste a lot like chicken....).    It is definitely worth going if you like Asian Buffet food.
Was a bit more pricier than I thought but they did have seafood.. Crab legs and shrimp as well as lobster claws which was too messy to eat. The food in general was okay.
I love their seafood delight. So yummy! Go around lunch time. The prices during dinner is outrageous. (15 bucks plus drink) It's about the same price as the casinos and less variety!
My favorite place to eat on Sundays after church.i always eat sushi,frog legs ,salads and all types of meats so can't say hows the rice and chow mein.Service is good,ure gonna have ur glass full at all times.lunch $7.99 plus $1.25 drink,dinner $11.99 on weekends little more.I would eat here everyday if I could
So, I'm not a big fan of buffets typically but my fella was talking non-stop about wanting an Asian buffet for weeks, so I finally gave in to make him happy. We brought my mom along for good measure. 

Upon entering, the restaurant was packed. I was definitely concerned and reluctant to go in if there was going to be a long wait. Luckily we walked right in and have no wait whatsoever. The service was ok, nothing exceptional but they refilled our drinks regularly and brought us napkins when we requested them. The food is just standard, as well. Definitely nothing exceptional, but pretty good for the very, very cheap price.

I don't think I'll make this a regular place on my food rotation, but it's good to have this option on the cheap from time to time.
amyone that lives in vegas knows this is the best cheap asian buffet in town.
I went here on a Saturday around 12 for my daughter and niece First Communion; we made reservations for 15 people so we didn't wait to long. 

Lunch was about $9 something with soda, not bad at all! 

The food was okay not bad but if you go for dinner they do have crab. Since we went for lunch there was no crab but they do offer a good amount of seafood. They also have a variety of sushi which was okay not the best but at least you know they make it fresh. 

The service here is not the greatest because the servers are kind of rude and it takes a while to get a refill.
So I've been to this asian AYCE spot a few times and have been pretty satisfied with their selections.  The price is very affordable at about $7.79 for lunch, dinner is $11.99 Mon-Thur, $14.99 Fri-Sun, and drinks are $1.29.  The food selections include sushi rolls, fried frog legs, different types of chicken, cook to order stir fry (which I have yet to try), mussels, pad thai, fried rice, tenderloin with onions, pizza, soups, fruits, and a lot more. I would say dinner is the best time to go due to the various types of seafood that's offered.  Just make sure to hit up the lobster once you see it cause that goes quick.  Oh, I forgot to mention that if you don't feel like eating here you can take to go and pack your own food.  The price will be the same as dine in, though.  

The customer service wasn't up to par.  They would forget some of our drinks and not refill them at times.  Other times we'd have to get their attention.  Otherwise, this place isn't too bad.
Asian buffets are a guilty pleasure of mine. Cheap, pretty tasty and all you can eat. It can't get much better than that. This place gets pretty busy and they still maintain pretty good service and keep the food stations clean.
Not really that great..
Wasn't bad but wasn't great don't have oysters but had some sushi crab legs and frog legs
I just move here from San Francisco a month ago, so my wife and I usually find some buffet places to try since it's a rare in SF. 

Today we hit Buffet @ Asia, Yes you can blame me for being brave after reading all the one star reviews. lol To make this review short. I WILL NOT EVER LOOK AT THIS PLACE AGAIN, even when passing by.
Not the best Asian buffet in Las Vegas but a good place to start if you like a little bit of everything. They have a pretty good selection and variety of food. I enjoyed their sauteed crawfish (which were one of the most popular dishes on the buffet line) the best, but they also had items like crab legs and sushi which was a plus. If you aren't much of a seafood person then they also had plenty of other choices to choose from, 

BOTTOM LINE: 
CONS - Restaurant interior a little runned down and  food is only okay 
PROS - Good selection and cheap prices
OVERALL: Definitely should stop by if you are super hungry, craving Asian cuisine and don't want to break the bank.
This place is going down hill more and more.  Service has NEVER been good here, the food has always been fine but the quality of food is changing.  It has become more bland and the sushi selection although it's large, it's actually all the same thing (it just LOOKS different)  Believe it or not, Krazy Buffet just up the street is a little better and definitely better priced.  

Yes this place is always packed (maybe too much) it's hard to get around the buffet lately, it's over crowded and the quality isn't the same. 

I think this may be my last time coming over here.
We came here on a sunday night before closing, 9pm. They discounted our meal bc after 9 the chefs stop cooking. 2 AYCE (14 each) + free Soda for 28 (usually $14.99+1.29) 

- Salmon, octopus and eel nigiri were there. fish pieces were fair size.
- I love soups. their wanton soup, egg soup, and hot and sour soups were pretty good. still hot.
- crab legs and lobster were a bit flavorless. shells were soft. expected for a $15 buffet.
- must flavor own oysters! O___O
- other items i ate: potstickers, cream cheese wantons, orange chicken, salt and pepper dungeness, shrimp and mushrooms, 
- desserts didn't look appetizing, but then again, i don't care much for them at an asian buffet. 
- i appreciate that they discounted our meal. kind service. gave us extra drinks and lots of napkins in advance.
You know those noobies that think the worst sushi joint in town is the best? In my opinion, this is what Buffet @ Asia is. This buffet is the opposite of "thee best." Unless you want to get food poisoning, I suggest you turn towards a different buffet. Sloppy and grimey is what I would describe everything about this place. Food, taste-wise is okay. Freshness? I have no idea. To end this review, make sure you use the restroom at home prior. A tornado looks like it destroys theirs. (women's restroom anyway). Plain & simple, I wouldn't go here for quality.
Went for dinner for the crab legs but they never replaced the crab legs the whole time we were there. The bin that was out was never touched by any patrons because they were over cooked, brown and just plain disgusting looking. The staff claimed to not know how to speak English when we and several other patrons asked for some new crab legs to be placed out. Then when we spoke to the manager and he flat out refused to replace the crab that had clearly been out for at least two and a half hours. Server had a sour look on her face as soon as we sat down like she didn't want us there. Bathrooms are disgusting and never clean!!! Sushi sits out for hours and Mongolian cook station never had anyone there to cook your food. This place used to be so good. It's really gone down hill.
Came here pretty hungry and ready to grub on some serious dishes and sushi!

 I think the only time I usually eat fried food is if it involves those sesame balls, crab ragoons, egg rolls and etc. I think the best part of this expericence was the coconut milk jello/pudding. Their sushi was okay, but then again, if you make tons of sushi in one setting to mass product it, eventually the rice and the ingredients won't be so fresh.
Very disappointed..mi know its a Chinese buffet so you shouldn't expect much of anything whether it be food quality or service, but  I guess I expected a little too much. The food was warm, crab legs were not fresh and very very skinny. I don't even know why they even  bother. Service was ok. But as we were leaving  there was a very upset customer complaining about a server and how rude she was. i left the place  still feeling very hungry. By te time I got home my stomach was hurting. I wouldn't recommend this place.
I can def say that this place is good the quality of food is 5x better than some other buffets I have been to.
The best part of this buffet is they had CEVICHE, mmmmm... I love Ceviche.
It was almost perfect, with the spice kick it had. I mean it was really good. The only thing it needed more of was shrimp. 
The place is clean I was so close to the bathroom that it was kind of uncomfy. 

Other thank the bathroom situation. They have a wide variety of Sea food. 
You know I tried at least one of everything just to get a feel for it. The servers are awesome. 

ps they serve Thai Tea
You get what you pay for. At 8 dollars for lunch, I don't really mind the oily fried food because, for the same price, you could get oily fried food from Mcdonalds or Panda. However the food here tastes much better than fast food. 

I tend to pick and choose the items i know are good, which are the Chinese donuts, string bean, crawfish, and fish. The fresh fruit looked standard as well. Every time i go to Buffet@Asia I am neither pleasantly surprises nor disappointed. I always get what I expect - greasy Chinese food, crowded dining areas, and quick but curt service.
Good variety, quality is good enough for the price, very busy at lunch... Seems to be the hot spot! 
Lunch is only $7.99 The value is there and better than some of these other lunch joints.. Wide variety of food from sushi to Mongolian BBQ (noodles), typical Chinese fare; orange chicken, spicy chicken, mongolian beef, potstickers, shrimp w/ veggies...and dessert too.
The best in Vegas! A buffet that in the evening has snow crab legs, dungeness, sushi, salad, dessert and a mongolian style grill service. They have a separate bar area and this place is always packed
The only place i would always go to in order to eat fried crabs.
I've been to a few Asian Buffet Restaurants since moving to Vegas. All of them seem to have one theme, that is average plain food served in large quantities.

Its sad but this Buffet is no different with its food selection but I will say the Black Pepper Frog Legs are the best item on their Buffet and they are simply the best damn Frog Legs I've ever had!

For those of you who love their Lobster dish: yes I tried their lobster dish and this Seafood lover wasn't overly impressed. It was messy and since you had to shell the lobster yourself you ended up with their slimy sauce all over your fingers and if you are a little bit clumsy like me it will fall off of your plate and land onto your shorts.  

Also today's lobster tasted very strongly of fish (for those of you land locked Vegas locals your fish and seafood shouldn't smell strongly of stinky fish. If it does it indicates its not fresh and hours away from making you sick) today's lobster dish was stinky to say the least but I did brave a few bites. Thinking of my digestive health I thought it a wise choice to push the last few pieces aside.

The Sushi seemed OK but was mostly rice. I guess it was what you'd expect at a buffet.

Service at the door was a bit cold. We were there a good hour and a half before closing but the server seemed rushed and disinterested in making us feel welcome. In fact she walked us to a back room pointed at a table and only said sit there before walking away. We were the only new customers so she didn't need to rush back. A simple statement of your server will be right with you but feel free to help yourself would have been nice.

The waitress was very attentive and cleared empty plates and filled sodas quickly. Almost made me forget how we were treated at the door.

For $70 (dinner for three and a tip) I guess I was expecting a top notch experience they were unable to deliver. I'd go back to give them a 2nd try but tonight I left sorely disappointed.
Buffet at Asia
Overall 3.75 stars

Gold medal- Bang for the buck
Silver medal - Chicken Wings
Bronze medal - Fried Wontons

This place is definately the bang for the buck!  How do you beat a AYCE place for $8 for lunch?  You can't.  

I love fried!!  The fried chicken wings and the fried wontons are my favorite.

They also carry oxtail soup at lunch.  At night they have oysters and frog legs.

HAPPY BUFFETING!!
I don't know why they're always so busy, the food was horrible! They make you pay on the way in and then you're stuck! Do not recommend!
Yes, this is cheap buffet food but it's great for lunches and Friday night dinners. Why? For the selection of food for lunch, where else can the best bang for your buck? There is a great selection of sushi, beef, shrimp, frog legs, and ox tail soup. For me, that's all good enough for something under $10. As for Friday night dinner, there is lobster and crab legs and crawfish here. Now, the lobster is pretty good. The crab legs and crawfish is mediocore. This place is always packed and seats a lot of people. It has the main room and 3 other separate rooms. Why does it get such low reviews from some people, I'm not sure. Did you expect to pay under $10 and get Bellgio or Wynn buffet quality?
This is probably the cheapest buffet that you're going to find in Vegas. AYCE Asian cuisine- fried rice, orange chicken, sushi, crab legs, oh my! There is a large variety of different popular asian dishes. Some of it can be really greasy, but it can definitely hit the spot. I will mention that the buffet price does not include drinks, so if you want to quench your thirst with anything other than water, you will have to pay extra.
I will commend this place on their fast service. I have eaten at this place on several occasions and my drink never stays empty for long, and they always clear dirty plates very quickly. 
Beware... this restaurant is pretty small. So if you have a large party (like groups of 8 or more), it might be difficult to find a table to sit together. And the space is really cramped... at times it feels like people are piled on top of each other. And on the weekends, sometimes the wait can be pretty long.
It's alright nothing great. Not much seafood. Pretty much the same as all the other Asian buffets in town.
The food was okay but after finding a bug crawling in my food, I told the waitress about it. I'd killed the bug in my food, but she asked to see the bug. Bugs usually have legs and crawl around, so I know it was a bug...like a fruit fly. I dug around in my plate, looking for the bug so she could see it. She said that its usually mussel hairs, and not a bug. I asked for the manager, but she said that she would need to see the bug first. About five minutes later, a bug crawled upon my table. I smushed it with the receipt, and then called the manager to me again. She looked at the bug, and said that it wasn't big enough to be a bug, and walked away. Apparently, you need to have roaches on the table in order to have sympathy from this place. With their careless attitude, I wouldn't be surprised if people ate food that was less than fresh. They make you pay before eating there, so as to have you money in their hand before you complain. I would stay away from this place, as it is not clean, and the manager could care less if there are bugs at your table or in your food. Even after complaining to her twice, she didn't care. STAY AWAY!
Buffet was great! Only around $9 and can get a drink for 95 cent. I had a Thai tea and it was really good. Now is not like gourmet food but is tasty and good enough for me. Had good variety of Chinese food, some sushi (I was little afraid of sashimi but reg sushi was good) frying station, ice cream machine with cone. Very good deal and def return.
Both my friend and I got sick after eating here. I'll spare you the details. There are so many other choices for affordable buffet in this town. This is the second time I have had a bad/sickening experience after eating here. Don't gamble on how old or ill prepared your food is.
As for me and my crew that ate here back in June - we all thoroughly enjoyed not only the food, but the service. Our glasses were never empty and they promptly removed used plates from the table. You know it has to be pretty darn good when over half the customers are Asians; and we were invited here by none other than... you guessed it - Asians!

This is by far one of the best Asian buffets we have eaten at, and definitely better than any place we have found in S/W Riverside County. The place was clean and the employees were friendly.

The food was fresh and the variety was fairly large. We all pigged out and not one of us came down with belly aches, let alone food poisoning. As for the sushi - they had a decent variety, even sliced up dragon rolls. All of it was fresh, plentiful and did not have TOO MUCH rice as some have intimated.

Maybe we came on a good day, after reading some of the reviews below me (the one star review poster has nothing but one star reviews - hmmmm). But, when in Vegas this will be one of our must-go places to chow down, just like the 4 Kegs! If something changes my perspective I will make sure to update my review...
Great selection for the price, the lunch buffet had tons of Chinese food, sushi, fries and fried chicken. left there stuffed.  Dinner on Friday-Sunday includes a seafood buffet, but the price increases as well.
I used to frequent this restaurant more when I was younger because I obviously dined wherever my parents wanted to go. I can't say I ever hated it, but I never returned for a couple reasons: I dislike buffets, mediocre food, and rude people. This has basically remained true of this establishment.

My parents are celebrating their 36th anniversary and my mom really wanted crab. So that is how I ended up here last Sunday night for their Seafood Dinner Buffet ($15/person).

My first thoughts upon walking in is that it's crowded, cramped, and smells old. None of the staff were particularly friendly and the patrons were rude and lacked the manners and etiquette necessary for small buffet spaces. Definitely not my happy place. 

The selections for me were minimal. I found solace in the Calamari, Spicy Chicken, White Rice, Schezwan Green Beans, Sauted Mushrooms and vegetables picked out of other dishes. I really liked the Spicy Chicken because it had a black bean sauce, but beware, it is very spicy. The calamari was not fresh, however, I liked the large pieces and preparation. Everything else wasn't bad. I also enjoyed the Cream Cheese Wantons, but they definitely weren't as good as I remembered. I tried the Grilled Chicken, Lobster, Spicy Crab, and Crispy Shrimp, but did not like any of them. The lobster was just gross, the shrimp was non-existent in its crispy form, and the crab was just okay. Nothing tasty. My mom REALLY enjoyed the Spicy Crab and my dad and fianc seemed to enjoy their selections (the fianc was satisfied with Fried Noodles, Grilled Chicken, and Mushrooms - his favorite foods).

If my parents try to convince me to come here again, I may give in, but not without a few groans and complaints. But, my return is still very unlikely. There are MUCH better eateries for all foods found here that are not horribly priced when quality and taste is taken into consideration. Even if you love seafood and can't take your eyes off the extremely cheap $15 price tag, just think about your taste buds and go elsewhere!
Out of all the Asian buffets I Love Buffet at Asia the best, they have good quality food that's fresh and delicious. Their food actually has flavor, not bland like most of your food at the buffets. Buffets usually go for quantity not quality but here at Buffet at Asia they go for quality and they have a pretty good selection of food too. My favorite thing about this restaurant is one of their selections they offer for their beverages, and that is that they have Thai Iced Tea. Everybody knows that this beverage usually goes for about $4-$5 dollars for a small glass and at Buffet at Asia it's unlimited, how great is that??? well it's great for people who enjoy this beverage.

Anyways, I think this place is pretty good especially for being a buffet and an Asian one at that so give it a try next time your near one of their locations. BTW, I don't recommend going to the one at Flamingo near Maryland, IDK why but I just personally don't care for that location.
Lots of food choices, seafood is usually good.
 However, they seem to overlook a lot of things, making them hard and tough.
 The Seafood Toast is really good, and the Salt and Pepper Crab, but I avoid the Jslepeno Chicjen, I love hit food, but that chicks cray cray.
 Thru have Boba Tea and some coffee drinks, which I haven't tried yet, but look good.
 The cashier ALWAYS looks to see if you've added a tip, and gets a sour look. We tip after not before.
There is many selection of food from sushi to seafood, but they seem mediocre, but my
Complain is that the service is terrible the staffs seems mean and rude and they ask u for the tip before you get to eat so when i tipped usually base on the service so I kinda felt cheated cuz service was terrible they are defiantly not a friendly staff and the decor is pretty out dated seems like they haven't fix the place since 1990s
My family really love coming to this restaurant, the food always great, the only hassle is waiting in line a lot of times.
People told me so much good things about this place, I thought I am going to walk into a food heaven. It is decent, 3 star is worthy of the place nothing more nothing less. We went for lunch. It comes to around 10 dollars per person including tax and drinks which is not too bad but don't expect anything that great. The iced tea was murky which was scary. Service was ok for a buffet. Sushi was decent, some had avocado and fish pieces which was a good surprise for a cheaper place. Desserts were pretty nasty. The food itself was very average. Had all the Chinese American food and some limited seafood. Everything was edible but nothing stood out
I afraid that the food is pretty good, but the smell in the back  dinner area is so unbearable that I became ill. I walked out with a headache and did not enjoy the experience.  I have cancel the lunch date with friend due to the unpleasant smell.
$12 buffet on a Thursday night.  It wasn't that packed, the service was great and parking was ample.  Food ranges from crawfish to pizza and Mongolian grill stir-fry to American/European style desserts.  Of course there's a lot of Chinese and Japanese dishes.

I've definitely been to better buffets before, but for the price you can't beat Buffet Asia.  Love it.  Love it.
I went to Buffet at Asia on at 3:30pm dinner realize that dinner starts at 4:00pm, I only paid for lunch, the waitresses come to my table at least 8 times to see if I was eating any crab legs, however never offered me a refill on my drink...Poor service.
I have been to this buffet once a few years ago when I first moved to Vegas. I wasnt that impressed with their food. Considering its not hard to like Asian food. I havent been back since then. Today, my wife and I were so hungry, wanted something quick and didnt have to wait for the food. I wanted to give this place another shot considering theyre still in business. They must have gotten better. WRONG! Not only was their food disappointing, it was worse than I remember & the "other" room in the back right corner had this awful musty smell. It was like a combination of a porta potty & a senior home living. The whole experience was just horrible. I barely ate. Couldnt stand being in the place that long. If you have any thoughts of going here, dont even bother. There are better local buffets that will cost you the same but way better.
one word...GROSS!! We tried this buffet as it was highly recommended by a friend in Hawaii. I was not impressed at all. The food was displayed in a very unappetizing manner, and things seemed unsanitary. The food wasn't great either. You are better off at Panda Express. I left there feeling sick like I just had a meal in China. The workers don't all speak english, I asked someone what something was as not all the food was labeled. He looked at me and didn't utter a word and just shrugged his shoulders. Not good if you have food allergies, don't expect them to help you.
The food was mediocre. the selection was very limited. my husband thought it was good,is why I gave it 2 stars. The squid was rubbery. the egg drop soup was barely warm and had corn it. Yuck!!
I come here a lot with my mom and the food is delicious. However, I came on the 24th for lunch and the chicken was cold and burt at the bottom.
Plain and simple, if you're looking for top-tier Chinese food options, go to the Strip and head to the casino buffets.  If you just want to get stuffed for cheap, this is your spot!  It's relatively cheap, especially at lunch time.  Nothing here specifically stands out as it's more or less typical Chinese/Japanese fare.  The good thing is that because there's such high turnover of food, you're usually getting some pretty fresh vegetables.  There's also a Mongolian BBQ option if you want it, although it's pretty meh compared to a dedicated Mongolian BBQ place.  

If you like Asian good and you're trying to eat way too much in one day to cover your meals for the entire day (like ME), then this is where to go!  Don't expect much more than that though.
Cheap cheap cheap!!! Less than $10/person for lunch. They have sushi and it's quite good so instead of KAYA or Sushimom which is like $20/person, this is much cheaper and still delicious. Chinese food is top. Tons of seafood and yummy deserts. Nothing bad to say. Satisfy numerous cravings at once!
Great and inexpensive seafood buffet!! The food is delicious!! They have a sushi and Mongolian section which are my favorite! For lunch with a drink, the price runs about $10, dinner is a couple $ more.
This place is one of the best food buffets in Las Vegas and the price is also amazing at 8.29 for lunch and 12.99 for dinner.
Decent enough buffet with the typical findings. Not a very large selections, or it doesn't feel like it has a large one. There's some more specialty items here like a larger sushi bar, fresh stirfry, sometimes tritip, and tempura. And there are the typical asian buffet fair.

One star off for bad service--half the time the servers flounder. And the building layout sucks.
Another star off for some of their food is just lacking, or seems a bit "watered down". 

I like to go here when I get tired of other asian buffets in the area. Try coming here as it opens as the food is fresher and sometimes there's dishes that are only laid out once. If you don't want to take the risk, try Krazy Buffet up the road.
This place has every Asian dish I can think of. Tried their Mongolian BBQ and ate way to much from the buffet!
Where do I start, I have heard so many good things about restaurant, especially this location.  I had told myself, before I bring my mom here, she considers herself Chinese Food Buffet Connoisseur so I had to scope it out. hmm...EPIC FAIL, not impressed, actually disappointed.

I hate wasting money, and to me this was a waste of money.  Saturday, dinner time, it was packed in there, there was a 15min wait to be seated. It was just me and my 3yr old nephew, yet they called out and seated numbers that were after us. (They lose an entire STAR for that tacky sh!t right, a potential 4STAR rating is still achievable right? NO, HELLS NAH)

We were finally seated, I promise it looked like a feeding frenzy in there.  I'm a sushi fan, it just looked very contaminated, people breathing over it, no please make my Sushi in front of me Thank You much.  This buffet over somewhat of a variety of dishes, but standard Chinese buffet fare.  You know the staples: orange chicken, beef broccoli, chow mien, egg drop soup, pizza, etc, etc.

Empty tins w/ no food, granted it was busy in there and maybe they could not keep up with the demand but when they did food did come out it was enough for like 5 people.  Some dished were piping hot and others were luke warm.  I'll just comment on the items I DID eat:

Orange Chicken: ok, I didn't eat this but I had to comment on this, Orange Chicken is my go to  item when I go to these type of buffet. Um, Orange Chicken is not suppose to be SOUPY.  I cannot make this up, it looked like orange chicken soup, NO BUENO.

Chow Mien: hmm, greasy, no crunch to the veggies

Baked Mussel: it was ok, mussels were minced with some kind of cream cheese and melted cheddar cheese on top

Fried Butterfly Shrimp: can't go wrong with this, its boxed shrimp, yum yum good :-)

Green Beans: greens beans are my fav, um yea they were greasy too and limp, no snap

Peppered Chicken: that was decent, but the jalapenos took over my pallet so I had to pick around it

Crab Ragoons and Egg Rolls: once again you cannot go wrong w/ fried foods

Pot Stickers: dough was gummy, at the edges it was hard as if they had been sitting out for a long time

Pizza: this is my little dudes favorite, he can eat 3 regular slices...he ate 1 slice and picked at the other slice

Sweet and Sour Chicken: no need for the sauce because the chicken was hard as HELL, another item  that had been sitting out way too long.  needles to say that was not consumed

Friend Chicken Wings: I didn't eat them, but my kid enjoyed them.  I'll say it again,  you cannot go wrong w/ fried foods

the SERVICE: BAD enough said (-2STARS for bad service)

Overall, food was not even So-So, I've had better, HELL - we've ALL had better. $25.97 for $5.00 buffet food.  I'm so done

So, we will not be back to this establishment, and I will take my mom "The Chinese Food Buffer Connoisseur" somewhere else.  I've had better, there IS better in the valley, but this is only my opinion, try it out for yourself and see how you like it.
I've been here about three times the past month, and I'm glad to say that they've stepped up their service. They're no longer rude - they're actually really nice here now! We asked to sit in a different place, and the hostess smiled and was okay with that. The servers take the plates off the table must faster, and they don't neglect you anymore! Yaaay to not be neglected!!! 

Food is still food. It's a Chinese buffet. You get what you pay for, and you can't really complain. This is NOT a luxury casino buffet, this is a buffet off the strip. So if you're expecting some gourmet Chinese food, this place is not for you! You'll have the usual mediocre sushi bar, the cream cheese wontons, cream cheese baked green mussels (YUM!), etc etc etc. I like the food here, so I don't have anything to complain about. 

I'm definitely coming back here! This place has gotten better, and my tummy (and family) has left happy each time!

P.S. Refillable drinks (includ. Thai Tea) is 0.95 more! WORTH IT, in my opinion!
This is a great buffet! It's cheap and the food quality is great! It's not to far from the strip so that was awesome for me!
Look, this  was clean,  fast, good selection, food.  I love salt n pepper chicken wings, oysters, seafood veggie mix and tempura veggie. My coke was never out and three people for a little over thirty bucks at lunch time. I'll be back!
This place was horrible! For the size, the selection is small and the food is very bland.  Noodles were plain, orange chicken was just fried pieces of dried chicken in some brown goop. Very simplistic dishes that they somehow manage to mess up. The only thing worth eating were the pre made deserts that came out of a box. The establishment itself, it is very cluttered and disorganized. Sure it's $8 a person but you're going to get what you pay for, you're better off getting frozen Chinese for $4 from the grocery store. Drive the extra 5 min and just go to Chinatown. And to top all of that, the wait staff is just as bad. There was an elderly person that can't walk very fast in my party and before I could get out of the booth they had come to flip the table and bumped her out of the way just about knocking her over. That is  unacceptable!  I get you are trying to get people in and out like cattle but at the risk of your customers safety?!  If I could give negative stars I could.
The food overly greasy and unappealing and it all just felt extremely cheap and low-end.
Food is bad a year than a yearI never come back
So once every few years I think to myself "hey maybe I should go to a cheap Chinese buffet" and then more often than not I regret my decision. This time was no different. Despite the reviews on Yelp this place got Best of Las Vegas (at least if my memory serves me right) so we decided to try it. It was at a premium price, for this place, around $16 for the weekend seafood buffet. We went on Saturday night, no wait but extremely busy. Service was poor, I had to track someone down when I wanted a drink refill and in the middle of dinner they took my soy sauce away. I thought to fill it or exchange and bring it back, but no it was just gone.  They had less selection of Chinese food than I expected, maybe because there was more seafood. A lot of people were eating the snow crab, but that is just way too much work for me for so little reward, I am a king crab or nothing kind of girl unless it is already cracked open. They also had salt and pepper frog legs, which was different, although I didn't try it. The only thing that I liked was some sort of seafood medly on a shell with a baked on mayonnaise sauce. I recently saw a poster that bacon was the duct tape of food, and if that is so I think mayonnaise is like the glue - it helps quite a bit to repair food that would otherwise lack in flavor. They had a small sushi bar, and it was well meh - I guess I should be thankful there was any sushi, and there were a few different kinds - tako, salmon, tuna, eel, a number of norimaki rolls. The rolls were okay. Also, I tried the white fish but I wasn't sure what type of white fish it was, maybe Tilapia, but it really wasn't that good. They had salt and pepper squid, which again was okay.  So yes - overall I would say, some items were okay at best but I won't ever be coming back.
Haven't been here for a long time surprisingly the sushi isn't too bad. shrimp is crispy. Overall it's just ok , the crab legs are so skinny I think they were on a diet before the got cooker lol. The upside is they are pretty cheap if you are hungry for inexpensive food that is so so in my book.  I like Krazy Buffet better and their crab legs are much more plumped.

Happy yelping xoxox
Like any other asian buffet, it's cheap to get in and you eat cheap food, basically. There's nothing special about this asian buffet. The best things I got to eat during lunch were the salt and pepper chicken wings, egg drop soup, and squid. 

They have this rule that if you come in and pay during lunch, you can only eat the food that's out for lunch. Once the time for dinner hits you can't eat the foods that are labeled "dinner only." That pretty munched suck. 

But being the "rebel" I am I went ahead and took frog legs out of the dinner portion. They were probably the best thing I ate at the buffet. 

Service was eh.
Buffet Asia

Good Chinese food. Decent price. Great selection. Better than most Asian buffets. About $9 for lunch, not including drinks. Prices for dinner differ on weekends. Your food will be hot and seasoned well. The sushi bar is just a decent alternative to Chinese food.  Nothing spectacular about the sushi. This place is always busy so food is constantly coming out. Teriyaki chicken, steamed gingered fish, and potstickers are my favorite. As for service, the employees seem to be working themselves to the bone, especially during lunch and dinner hours. Your dirty plates will be gone in the blink of an eye and your drinks won't go empty. Be selective with your plates and utensils as they are always a bit wet and dirty......
I took my youngest daughter here for dinner.  For the two of us was approximately $35.00 for all you can eat.  The selection was almost overwhelming, so much to choose from.  The food was fresh looking.  What was suppose to be hot was hot and what was suppose to be cold was cold.  The sushi rolls were beautiful and tasted soooo good!  The deserts were great too if you have enough room in your tummy to eat desert.  I highly recommend this place.  I feel it's a little pricey but you get a lot to choose from.
Good food but some of the food have so much oil but they have good service and yummy food
Worst experience ever! Food was dry and servers were rude! Too many people and not enough room . Their was no selection for food and everything was out! DONT COME HERE!!!! And I found a COCKROACH by the food! NEVER AGAIN!
The food is decent , don't come when they are about to serve dinner during there lunch hours they will force you to leave .  They could just let us know they will be serving dinner soon and ask if  we wanted to pay difference . But instead the woman working  
Gives an attitude  telling me it's dinner now .
Because  I grabbed the nigiri  sushi and it's not all that great the fish Isn't fresh . Never going that place ever again ! Worst customer service ever .
I gave it a 3 stars only because my husband frequents this place. If you want an AYCE place that has reasonable price, then this is your AYCE restaurant.

Note: this place is often packed! Wait time especially on the weekends can be 20 minutes or more. Lunch will not include crabs. Lobster tails will only be included on the dinner weekend menu. Prices change during dinner and weekends will be more.

Dinner (weekend) - My husband likes it because the price is reasonable for AYCE. He likes the snow crabs, and the salt and pepper dungeness crabs. He also likes the frog legs, buttered shrimp, Manila clams, oysters, oxtail soup, tomyun, and Mongolian barbecue. I find the food salty for my taste. I eat the lobster tails (you have to elbow your way to the lobster tail area or stand and wait for a new batch which comes in every 15 to 20 minutes) and sushi but secretly throw away the rice (and yes...I feel guilty thinking of the many hungry people but my stomach cannot tolerate too much rice). Their desserts consist of cheap cakes and pastry, jello, jell and cookies. Fruits are typical:  cantaloupe, grapes, watermelon and canned fruits.

Staff is friendly and efficient. The place is very noisy...kids screaming and playing, plates clanking, adults laughing and talking loud, etc...
The past three times that I've been here, I leave with the worst stomach pains I've ever experienced and the past three times that I've been here, I ate basically the same food. My dad even got the stomach flu from eating here. I guess it's just bad luck on my dad and I's part.

However, I give one star for the service which were always quick to refill drinks and ask if we needed anything. Another star for the readiness of the place for getting new trays of food in and getting the old ones out.
For most Angelinos, Las Vegas is a little like the playground that's just a few blocks away.  More and more the Las Vegas strip is going Asian.

Besides the typical China Star Buffet located on the central strip, there are dozens of other oriental options to choose from in Vegas, on and off the strip. To reach the Chinese area travel west of the strip on the street called Spring Mountain, between Sahara and Flamingo. The banquet begins just a few blocks from the casinos. There are Chinese seafood restaurants, Dim Sum places, Malaysian, Vietnamese, Korean and even some full fledged Chinese grocery stores, up and down the street. But one of the things I always keep my open for when it comes to Las Vegas, are buffets. And my absolute favorite find was Buffet Asia, a ten minute drive west of Chinatown, just off Sahara on Pleasant Street.

For three days we asked the local Chinese what the best place in town was and uniformly they recommended this place. I was skeptical at first, for one; because in my experience the best Chinese restaurants are never outside of the Chinese area, and two, the name was suspiciously non Chinese (the best places always have weird translations like ABC Seafood). But Buffet Asia was the real thing. The buffet set us back about $15 for adults and half that for kids on a Saturday night, this place was well worth it, starting with a well stocked sushi table, abundant in tuna, salmon, clam and eel sushi plus some very creative rolls. Following that are the soups (wonton, miso, hot & sour, and egg drop corn), not as good as made-to-order but for a buffet they were excellent. But don't fill up on those items because next comes the many traditional main dishes, like snow crab legs (both steamed and fried in garlic), orange chicken, sweet and sour shrimp, oysters, frogs legs, spicy green beans, Chinese vegetables in sauce and many more. My favorites were the clams in black bean, the soy sauce fish, and the lobster in supreme sauce. By the time I was done with all that I was stuffed, and I hadn't even gone to the Mongolian barbeque yet, which offered fresh (not frozen) meats and seafood including thick cut Korean style short ribs, squid steaks, and fresh shrimp. Tea, non-alcoholic drinks, and dessert are included in the price.

So if you are tired of the same old food in Las Vegas and you don't want to break the pattern by breaking the bank at one of the name restaurants on the strip, then I recommend a trip into the interior to check out the local Chinese fare. It turned out to be a real treat for me.
'Come here for dimsum' our vietnamese taxi driver said.  He also started to tell us about some of the strip joints on the way over and how some of the girls are just down right nasty at....wait...wrong review.  ok ok...so anyway, dimsum is decent here, though they speak some heavy ass engrish (engrish.com for those of you who are wondering).  War wonton soup is good here (a rot better at the cafe in the New Or-reans) and their beef-ho-fun with chinese brocco-ri is dericious.  Nice clean place, with a decent view of the last of the remaining forest of trees in Las Vegas.  um..take a cab, cause I get lost everytime I go here.
The mission is on...to find a decent dim sum restaurant in Vegas and Cathay House was first on my list.  Originating from San Francisco, finding a stellar dim sum restaurant in the desert will definitely be a challenge!  But I'm on it!

Cathay House was voted best dim sum in the local papers and received other accolades as noted on its wall.  I had high expectations!  

It was bustling on a Sunday afternoon and there was a 10-15 minute wait for a party of 2.  Once seated in the main dining room, ice water, tea, and forks arrived immediately.  (Forks?)  Okay, so there were chopsticks already on the table but I guess out here, they are used to people asking for forks.  

There wasn't a huge variety of dim sum dishes to choose from, so that was already disappointing.  I did try the chicken feet in black bean sauce.  This dish lacked the full flavor that I'm used to.  The standard shrimp dumpling (har gow) and pork dumpling (shumai) were basic, if anything.  The salt and pepper shrimp had been sitting out too long after being stir-fried, not a good choice.  The beef rice noodle with a light soy sauce should be cut up to share a bit easier.  The crab claw puffs were average.

I was anxious for the Shanghai dumplings, which they did not have.  Or the Shark Fin dumpling in soup with red vinegar and ginger slices to dip into.  Two of my favorites, and they were not available.  (And trust me, I did ask more than one employee for it.)

Looking around for dessert, there were no egg custard tarts available or black sesame rolls.  I did see the sweet tofu, but that was about it.     

There were a lot of dishes that weren't being ordered, in other words...they looked stale as they passed our table numerous of times.  When you see the same cart pass you when you first sit down, and realize that the same dishes are still not moving on it an hour later, the turnover of food is not happening here.

I also think it's odd that they serve dim sum until 10 pm.  In my opinion, a true tea house restaurant should only serve dim sum during brunch hours.  That is the whole point of "drinking tea' aka yum cha or going for dim sum.  

Overall, I don't plan on returning here unless I haven't found a better place yet.  My dining companion says this place WAS worthy of a three star in the past, but he had to change his review to a two now.  Sad sad.
about 10 odd years ago, when i was a newbie to the dim sum world.  i had heard about this place in las vegas.  yeah, it was a damn good food experience, b/c i was from reno where there was no chinese restaurant serving dim sum.  the place has received many awards over the course of the years.  it was such a nice restaurant in those days.  now the pink decor has gone to crap.  it just seems a lot dirtier now.  i have to say each time i go to this place the quality has been on a steady decline.  the basic steam items, such as siumai,har gow, and also the deep fried items...crab claw,  were not spectacular.  the salt-pepper fried shrimp have been sitting out a long time, so they were chewy more than crunchy.  i think i cut my inner lip chewing on the shrimp head.  i didnt see the mango pudding or egg tarts the last time.  im also sad that they didnt have my favorite shark fin dumpling soup item with red vinegar.  finally, a lot of the dishes have been sitting out for a long time.  i was just afraid to touch them.  i still cant believe that this place is so busy.  ive had to wait quite a while the last few times ive come here.  i definitely have to find a better place for dim sum.
The food here is okay...
but the service here is horrible.
I would not recommend this place at all!!
Growing up in high school, my friend Julia used to just rave about this place.  She swore the curry puffs were the best thing she'd ever put in her mouth.  She lived all the way across the city, though, so I never had the chance to sample it.  The last time she was in town, I went with her family.  I would have been less than impressed anyway, but it truly paled because I was expecting something spectacular both from her raves and the various awards it's received over the years.

The curry puffs were OK, but nothing great.  The rest of the dishes seemed like something I could get at any Chinese restaurant without the price tag that Cathay House put on them.  The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.

The food wasn't bad, but the value wasn't there.  Wish I could have tried it 10 years ago.
Dim sum was mediocre if that.  Xiu Long Bao was not very good, the soup inside was still thick and uncooked.  Siu Mai wasn't good, Har Gow was ok, I think my favorite was the black bean sauce spare ribs.  Service was horrible, our plates weren't taken away and we had to get up to order drinks.  Go somewhere else for dim sum.
Nothing remarkable about this place. 

The foot quality was good, but our food wasn't all that well prepared.  I ordered a spicy chicken dish, and I didn't taste much spice above and beyond the sweet and sour sauce with some dried red chilis.

The service was good here, but we were one of 3 tables...
I came here for dim sum on a Sunday last month. Even for a restaurant of its size (not tiny), it was crowded (with locals or tourists, I couldn't tell - well, not without staring!), so do arrive early to secure a table. Unsure if they take reservations.

Service was difficult to flag over for help, but when we did attract them, they were happy enough to oblige our random requests for more hot sauce, photos (!), and, of course, more food. Speaking of the food, their dim sum plates were tasty and totally worth it:
- scallop dish was flavorful (first time I've had it too!)
- black bean spare ribs were melt-in-your-mouth tender
- love the blankets
- dumplings were tasty and well-filled
- chicken feet were goooood
- tofu dessert (made in-house) was surprisingly good

Not sure about all the negative press for this place, but I had a delicious time at Cathay House. Recommended!
It was a zoo at lunch time and the line was seriously long. I went inside and asked to be put on the list. I saw that there were at least 20-30 names on the list with parties of 3 or 4, but I spoke Cantonese to the woman and asked her how long and she said about 10 minutes. I didn't think it would be possible since we had 4 people, but believe it or not, we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Now I'm not sure if it's because I spoke Chinese or what, but there were SO many people waiting before us that I felt a tinge of guilt that we were being seated -- only a tinged, but not too much. I didn't seem to have any problems flagging people down either because I just shouted what I wanted at them as they were passing our table. My problem was getting the items we wanted.

Firstly, we were absolutely famished, so we got a few items such as the soy sauce flavored fried noodles, har gow, cha siu bao, tripe, tendon. Everything was just so-so. They also didn't have some of the items we were craving. I suggested that we just leave and perhaps go eat somewhere else later since we had filled our tummies some and weren't about to keel over in hunger.

It was cheap as usual for dim sum, but then again, every dim sum place in Vegas has cheap dim sum and we've had better and we've had worse.
Ever had someone else order your food for you? Ever had the staff basically look past you at the table? Don't worry, I'm not griping, it was actually nice to sit back and have my food placed in front of me. And, when you're the token white guy among a table of five Chinese who can all speak to the Dim Sum ladies in their native, it's kinda useless to try and involve yourself. 

I think this was my second trip to Cathay House.  And, it has the basic Dim Sum fare and everything was pretty fresh.  I did start off on the wrong foot by burning the roof of my mouth on a crazy looking shrimp ball, which by the way I would avoid next time around. 

In addition to some good dim sum, the vegetables and singapore rice noodles were on point.
Before i used to believe 'Bad Dim Sum' was an old wives tale ment to scare children from the greasy steamed dishes of utter OMGWTFBBQPWNAGE-ness!!! 

Thank you Cathay House for industrializing dim sum and making it as chinese as taco bell is to mexican food.

Lately in my review I've been doing a breakdown of everything from how the place looks to me to listing what i ordered and what i thought of it. I'd rather not for this review because it would force me to stop, lean over, and vomit uncontrollably. 

Gripes
- They sat us in what i call the 'shit hole' section of the restaurant where small families, less then a few people and generally those who don't look like they're gonna spend a lot of money go to minimize chances of customers wasting their time and maximize profit. Guess where the white people sat
- same cart, different pusher to give the illusion they were well stocked
- you could taste how much effort they put into their food. i've had chicken mcnuggets that have had more effort put into them
-oh look another cart that means they got more selection..DAMN IT those two just traded...DAMN YOU!!!!!

Conclusion
If you feel like Dim Sum go somewhere else
If you feel like eating what chinese people make to sell to foreigners by all means go here and order an Egg Foo Young and General Tso's Chicken and taste that authentic chinese goodness
the fiance and i enjoy our cathay house experiences everytime we go here - food is good, dim sum is cheap, and if seated in the right place, the service is pretty consistent -

i haven't found the ultimate dim sum joint yet, so a 3 is fair, i gave jasmines seafood in san diego a 4 star - but the food here is only decent - friend wonton, crab balls, shrimp noodles, shumai all good. but i really like the singapore noodles (spicy curry rice noodles) and the chinese broccoli from the menu.

its tucked away in vegas' version of little chinatown (spring mtn rd) - so you will be tempted by other chinese restaraunts in the area, some of which are our plan b's - so make sure you know where youre going.
i'm not a local of vegas city, but i've heard that cathay house has been sold to another owner and that they have reopened with a new management in place. 

because we aren't local, we decided to drop by a chinese restaurant near chinatown for some food. At first it was pleasant to know that the restaurant was well packed and that we need to wait for 30 mins. The 30 mins wait did in fact made our food  much more pleasant because anything at this point was considered good. 

the food was mediocre, also the dishes weren't anything special compared to food we have here in the Bay Area. 

I give this place 2 good stars for lack of service, lack of ingredients, and lack of goo taste. the pros were that the food came extremely fast after we ordered. but that was only because one of their main rooms were opened. The second time we went, it was packed in both rooms and food was extremely slow. 

the parking complex also sucked. it looked like some ghetto mall with tinted windows. at first i thought it looked like a illegal massage parlor.
Came here for dinner and the place is pretty dead. The food was nothing special...I've had tastier authentic Chinese cousine. Would not waste my money here again. There are better Chinese restaurant on the same street that you don't have too look far.
Food was ok. Didn't leave any strong impression. We went there when it wasn't so busy. We had an old male manager serving us. He left a great impression on us just because he was so friendly and took care everything.
3 1/2 Stars (rounded to 4).

Char Siu Baau (*** 1/2) This was NOT the steamed, fluffy white bun, but the glazed, shiny, sugary golden brown crusty bun. Just not enough of the good stuff - the Barbecued Pork filling!

Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce (*****) Very fresh Chinese Broccoli, crunchy stalks with soft leaves. Very liberal with the Oyster Sauce... glad it wasn't straight-out-of-the-bottle Oyster Sauce... mild. Excellent.

Chow Mein Plate (** 1/2) A very plain-jaine plate of Chow Mein.... desperately trying to qualify as a Dim Sum entree. Just didn't work.

Crab Ball (*****) A baked Dim Sum in the midst of all the steamed Dim Sum. Baked Crab Ball covered by a crusty flaky Crab shell with a little pseudo Crab claw sticking from the top of the Dumpling. One of the best Dim Sum today.

Crispy Skin Roast Pork (*** 1/2) A little dry. Skin will remind you of the Mexican dish,  Chicharrones.

Eggplant Shu Mai (****) Eggplant with attachment of Shrimp - huge pieces of Chinese Eggplant, shiny silvery Green, with a ball of Shrimp attached to the center of the Eggplant. Unique.

Fried Pot Stickers filled with Peas (****) Self-descriptive.

Sesame Seed Ball (****) Sticky Sesame Seeds covering a Sweet Bean sticky chewy interior. Light, and Chewy!

Shaomai (**** 1/2) Small Steamed Dumplings with Pork inside a thin yellowish, wheat flour wrapper. Ttopped off with Crab and Chinese Black Mushrooms. One of the Dim Sum entrees seemingly no restaurant can get wrong!

Shrimp Dumpling (**** 1/2) A delicate steamed Dumpling with chopped-up Shrimp filling and a thin rice flour almost clear skin.

Steamed Meatballs (****) Steamed Ground Beef shaped balls covered with a thin egg noodle skin.

Taro Cake (***) Taro cake is a dish made from the vegetable Taro. Each plate comes with three squares... it is semi-crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. In Bay Area Dim Sum establishments, there is usually some kind of meat embedded in or on top of the Taro Cake. Unfortunately, none in this particular version.

Pot of Hot Tea.

Atmosphere is upscale Hong Kong. A glass partition separates the upper level guests from those sitting at the exterior windowed walls. Would swear I remember a similar type of partition at a restaurant in Hong Kong... Seemingly, everyone who exited Cathay House was driving either a Lexus or a Mercedes.

My youngest son's and his fiancee's favorite Dim Sum establishment in Las Vegas.
I've been eating here since I was a kid on all my family trips to Vegas.

The dim sum is still decent, but the entree dishes have gone down a bit. I would give this place 2.5 but I'm going to round down since overall I wasn't very satisfied.

The pan fried noodles were NOT good at all...The dim sum is OK though, to be safe just stick with that. 

If you want to fix your dim sum craving and you don't want to drive far from the strip, this is the place to go. VERY close to the strip by car (5 min car ride w/o traffic)
This was the first dinner we had in LV. Looking at the other review, I think one might want to skip the dim sum. 

With a group of 11 coming around 5:30pm, we ordered the lobster, seasonal vegetable, tofu, chicken feet, fish, soup, and even a free dish of cold cut for having a large party. 

Not the best Chinese meal I've had but fairly good for LV standards. Worth the return visit.
This is a seriously late ass review. Better late and never, right? haha

I wanted dim sum the last time I was in Vegas and this was the place that I found on Yelp and that a couple friends (that live in LV) were familiar with.

Granted that it's not the best dim sum restaurant out there, it's decent. Some of the dishes were really good but after a while if you keep saying "no" to the ladies and their carts, they will stop coming by (which of course was when I wanted something). So expect typical minimal Asian service but they do come when flagged down.

The next time I'm there and craving dim sum... I'm trying the other places. :P
after a long day of working at the trade show and gambling, my brother says, "just wait, were going to eat a very expensive dinner with my friends"

the food wasn't expensive but the experience was very interesting.

we get there around 9, not very packed, i felt like i was back in china. the decor, environment, even the waiters had a china feel to it. the lady that was part of our group who was ordering, she asked what don't we eat. not to be rude, i responded with "i eat everything" i will soon regret those 3 little words.

one after another, intestines, stomach, liver, not even sure whats being displayed to me. what happen to the chow fun or sweet or spicy pork.  i tasted everything and hoped it didnt come out the same way in it came in.  we did enjoy a nice bottle of opus one with our meal.

the food was good, but nothing special about it.  tasted like traditional chinese cuisine.
This is one of the good dimsum places in Las Vegas.
There's dim sum an' den sum. 

Now I must admit my favorite dish is the Lobster Puff balls. These things are highly addictive. They are crispy, creamy, and lobstery in one mouthwatering bite. I swear I could have a huge heaping plate of them and nothing else. Of course I'd knock it down with their Long Island Iced Teas. They actually mix a very nice cocktail. 

The entrees are fairly nice, but not spectacular. And it's really a question of hitting the right combination of Dim Sum. This is the Asian restaurant that the Average Asian would rave about to his Caucasian friends. Somewhat touristy in feel but in a slightly more upscale way. 

So if you like Lobster Puff Balls and Long Island Iced Teas. You can't miss. And they had at one time a spectacular view of the valley until some shmuck built up in front of them. Oh well.
This establishment has been here since the late 1980's and used to have one of the best views of the Las Vegas Strip. I only come to this place for dim sum. Their dim sum is decent and priced well. As long as you do not overload with seafood and special dishes your bill should not be that much.
Half-ass dim sum, theres better places in town. Service is poor, unless you were a rolex watch like most of the waitresses do!
The best dim sum I've found so far in Las Vegas - and the big crowds of local Chinese patrons attest to its popularity. Probably doesn't compare to the top places in San Francisco or L.A., but hey, it's Vegas. Lunch and dinner items from the Chinese menu are much better and more interesting than the Americanized dishes they peddle to the gweilo on the English menu - take a Cantonese-speaking friend along and you will have a better dining experience. Service is not too bad for a Chinese restaurant. About a ten minute drive from most Strip hotels, and worth it.  The Strip's Chinese restaurants are twice as expensive and half as good.
Maybe it was the heat or maybe it was the 5 straight hours drive because the dim sum didn't taste that great, which was strange because there were a lot of customers when we arrived.   

There was not a lot of variety. We had to say no to a few carts coming by because it was the same food or the carts had nothing interesting on them. Food was okay, but some items were not hot enough. It was just warm and that made the mediocre food even worse.

Service was okay. We had to keep asking where the carts were, but they did refilled our teapot when it was empty. 

Overall, okay place if you're desperate for some dim sum, but I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
I love this place! I read some of the other reviews and I'm surprised at how bad they are. We started coming here when my aunt-in-law first visited us here in Vegas. Her husband is from China. They'd been to the restaurant many times before, usually with lots of family.

Every time, I've been here, we were either the only "round-eyes" there, or there was one more table like us. That, to me, says authentic more than anything else, besides the dishes themselves.

The service is good, although sometimes it's hard to understand the waitresses due to their accent. I'm willing to deal wit that. the food is great.

The only reason for 4 stars, instead of 5: This time my friends an I had thought we had figured out our total to be around $25-30, but the bill was really $50. Mind you, we had 7 people eating (lunch).
this is the best chinese restaurant off the strip. if you want dimsum, or good ass cantonese food. this is the place to go. i am from LA, i kno good chinese food, and this place is as good as it gets in vegas. sometimes they have lobster for 8.88 a pound, which is really good. 4 pound minimum but it is soooooo worth it... everything at the restraunt is good and on point. lobster is a must and black bean steamed oyster is a must. much better than kj kitchen... and the prices here are much cheaper. THIS PLACE IS GOOD IF U WANT TO EAT ALL OUT... LIKE LOBSTER, BLACK PEPPER STEAK, OYSTER... PORK CHOP, VEGETABLE, ECT.
Best dim sum and authentic Chinese food ~ at one point my family and I called Cathay House "Sunday's Best" since we ate here two Sundays in a row.
Sooooo I was craving Dimsum the other day, and this restaurant pulls up. I tried another restaurant, which had been a pleasant experience however, I always like to try new places just in case it might get better. 
Few things I noticed about this restaurant in comparison to the one I went previously...
1. less dimsum options
2. Did I mention less options? lol 

Dimsum itself was okay, but they did sort of fail to meet my expectation in terms of variety, because in the end, I m craving dimsum mainly because I like to eat lot of different dishes in small portions. 

May go back but prefer the other joint ...which is further away from the main street.
I was a little hesitant to go cause of some of the negative reviews about service and mark ups but over all it was very good. We ate dinner there so I am not sure about the lunch fare. They have a pretty bad ass fish tank with lobsters and fish that the kids really liked so that was cool. Yes all the staff is Asian but most spoke pretty decent English. The only thing that pissed me off about this place was this little Asian chick that came up to our table and to all the other diners tables and asks for money for some poor Asian kids, she show you all these fliers so it is pretty annoying. Plus this bitch actually sat down with us in front of my wife and kid, I finally just told her to leave, I can't believe management puts up with that crap.  Overall the food was well worth the trip though.
me and my dawls had a girls day and came here for brunch..
the wait wasn't too long.. 

being that it is dim sum, we gave ourselves  wait time because the rush for dim sum on a sunday we imagined would be crazy.. but it wasn't too bad. plus!  they serve dim sum till 3! 

it's a fairly big place.. 
probably how we could be seated so fast..

a fair selection.. 
we wanted to venture and try other things but didn't know...
or understand...
what some things were.  so we just had the usuals..

tastes good!
service was good..
when the server noticed that we were kinda just waiting around and looking for the carts, he went and got them to come to our table which is cool..

i just recommend maybe adding little explanation cards..
we would have been willing to try more if we knew what they were!
language barriers are hard to break..  especially in a loud restaurant!
This is my second choice dim sum place, but my first choice dim sum place would have to close for me to come back to cathay house. Let's say I don't plan on coming back anytime soon. 

My usual experience was not that bad (since they sat us in the more busy room). This time, they sat us in the second room (where there were barely any people... and any service). The service was AWFUL!. I've never been treated so bad unitl this. When we sat down all the dim sum were passing us by without even asking us if we wanted anything... this is... if the cart even came to the room. It took like 10-15 mins just to get water!. I actually had to walk up to one of the cart people and ask for the dim sum. AND EVEN THEN... We only got like 4 selections! Then when we asked for soy sauce and lemons...  no one would give us any! I believe I asked three different people. Well, since we were there we decided to just eat, which was already cold by the time they decided to give it to us. After an hour or so of just awful service, we didn't even bother to ask for more food. We paid and decided to not come back. 

I will say this... i am giving 2 stars because if you sit in the more busy room... you should be ok and get that a-typical rude chinatown food place service (which might put it in a three star range). And honestly, I have had better. I realized that Cathay house does not truly offer a wide variety of items for Dim Sum
Went here on my vacay to Vegas with some friends who are locals.  They recommended this palce for Dim Sum, and let's just say I was not impressed. 

I guess for the desert, there must not be much variety in Dum Sum, because it was a pretty standard affair.  They definetly lack variety, as when I was there, there was only the standard shu mai, ha cau, and pork buns.  I didn't see the bell pepper shrimps, fried taro, or any other favorites.  I'm reading on other people's yelp reviews that there were chicken feet, but I guess they weren't serving it on my visit.

The service was pretty bad too.  We had to ask the waiter 3 times for a pan fried noodle order that my friend made when we sat down.  The place wasn't even that busy, but they seemed to take their time getting ordered food out.  

Definetly not the best dim sum place I've been to.  I guess coming from the Bay Area, I'm spoiled with better asian food.
Absolutely HORRIBLE!

The worst Dim Sum I have ever had
i used to love going to this place w/ my friends and the waiters even knew us...their dim sum was really good and their shrimp balls are to die for...unfortunately, the place is now owned by new owner and i don't know if it's just me or what...after it's new management, their portion size grew smaller!!! the shrimp balls became smaller and dryer...wtf...what a disappointment.

and other than the two servers i know who are friendly, the rest just of the staff just looks unfriendly and they seem to be only nicer to chinese customers...whatever though, it's the same thing i see in other chinese restaurants
The wait was almost as bad at the food, I felt so cheated after waiting to be seated just to eat this well below standard dim sum.
Cathay House is a great place for dinner, "Lobster at its best". Cathay House has Lobster special,  that is amazing on every night.  Its probably the best tasting and best priced Lobster in Vegas, I put it up against any fancy Restaurants on the strip. Try the lobster with green onion and ginger sauce!!

*English Friendly

Never been for dim sum..
Came for late night eats twice.

First time not bad food and price for what we got. Late night dimsum...kinda cool...it was alright for a night snack, but not the best dimsum I've had. Slow service a bit....I dont mind waving down the waiter, but a few times I couldnt quite figure out where we went so I can ask for a refill. 

2nd time though kinda irritated me. We got these combos that is an entree and it comes with an appetizer of eggroll and ribs I think...they come out with this platter of a lot of appetizers...I thought maybe they're giving us extra because it's late night? It's not the first place to do that, but then again rarely does an Chinese place give extras. No, apparently it was a appetizer platter that we did not order and still got charged for because we did eat it all. I now know not to eat anything that looks "extra" to what we got or it might be a sneak in for an extra $13.
theres a gripload of chinese people in the sf bay area.
because of that.. i have a good feel as to what good
chinese food is. the food at cathay house is up to par
with the food out here. it shocks me on how low of a
rating this place has, but then again, all of the reviews
that are bad seem to always have a complaint on dim
sum. i didnt have any dim sum here. so my review is
strictly the dinner menu. the food is perfectly cooked.
we ordered a 5lb lobster & had it sauteed with ginger
& scallion. we ordered soup as well but i forgot what
kind but they served a hefty bowl for everyone at the
table. we got the yang zhou fried rice little shady but
still very good. & last but definately not least.. we got
the STRAWBERRY CHICKEN. yes i said it, strawberry.
its definately like lemon or orange chicken just the
sauce is obviously strawberry. & to our table's surprise
it was HELLA good. the service there isnt slow but isnt
very quick either. the waiters we're very attentive. the
prices are good. seriously, whats wrong with the place?
I love me sum Dim sum! Haha, but seriously, all my Yelp followers know that I'm a big fan of Ping Pang Pong.  It's my Tuesday tradition, however, I tried for Monday this week and it was PACKED!  So, after reading a few Yelp reviews and the most recent thread on Dim Sum I set off for Chang's.  

Upon approaching the entrance I noticed how empty the parking lot was.  As I got to the door I noticed  a small sign from the Nevada Health District stating Chang's had been closed down due to health violations :(.  With my heart set on Dim Sum I took a friend recommendation of Cathay House.

Cathay House was busy, but managed to seat my party quickly.  The atmosphere was reminiscent of Ping Pang (minus slot machine noise).  The tea brought to the table wasn't to my liking.  The carts came buzzing by and we quickly grabbed:

Ha Gau (Shrimp Dumplings)
Crab Claws
Fried Shrimp Ball
Fried whole Shrimp
Baked Pork over Peanuts

I have to say that everything was good; highlights being the Crab Claws and Fried shrimp.  The Fried shrimp were almost twice as big as Ping Pang and the Crab Claws were bursting with flavor.  Overall, I still like Ping Pang more for the variety and overall quality.  If your on Spring Mountain and you have a taste for Dim Sum, give Cathay House a try.
Went here for dim sum and loved everything except the chicken legs, which I didn't try. Based on dim sum alone, this place is 5 stars but the place was too noisy my  girlfriends and I could barely hear each other... and it wasn't even their peak hours!
I had already eaten lunch, but sampled a few dim sum dishes here - and none were good.

Sticky fried rice with shrimp: horrible! It tasted a week old and the shrimp was off too. 

Coconut yellow custard bun: average. Not very soft. I'm noticing a trend of old, unfresh products.

Roasted duck over peanuts - nobody ate it.

Shrimp chow fun - average, I've had better.

They also ran out of different desserts too. Skip this dim sum spot there are plenty better on Sprint Mtn and Chinatown. Unless you like week old tasting food....
The only reason I come to vegas! Best dim sum I've had outside of san fran, much better than what we have in OC. Not sure how its garnered such poor reviews from people here. Had the dim sum for lunch and going back tonight for a wedding. Yum.
Cathay is A-Ok. Good food, good prices and good for groups. Its not a fancy place to eat but the food is always good. They give you tea which is so refreshing to start your meal.

 Depending on how busy they are really seems to correlate with the service you get. We have been there with great service and then other times I think they forgot we were even there.

It can get really busy there so make sure to go early. The weekends are the busiest but if you go before 11 you should be able to get seated pretty quick.

All in all- a solid place for decent, well priced dim sum!
This place is alright. I didn't enjoy the food much but the rest of the group liked it. The waiters were kind and the food arrived quickly. The good thing about this place is that it's open late. We came after 1am and there was a fair amount of people in here. I guess it's a popular late-night spot.
I wish you could do half stars because it isn't a 3 it's a 3 1/2.  Unfortunately, they are the best dim sum in town.  Ping Pang Pong is way over rated.  Seafood harbor is not really a dim sum place.  And that all day dim sum place is just too dirty and it isn't quite as good either.  If you want dim sum, Cathay House is it.
Service was bad but the food was great.  I thought they were closed when I arrived but by the time I left there was a wait to be seated.
This is one of the worst dim-sum spots I've ever been too. I remember coming here over a decade ago and it ruined our stay weekend in Vegas cause my whole family and I were bathroom-ridden for the rest of the day, bound by the aches of our tummies denying to effectively digest the stuff.

A decade later, I opted to give it one more chance. After all, if they're around after all this time and still standing, why not? Plus, my niece  couldn't get through a casino (I like Ping-Pang-Pong's dimsum), and my brother wanted dimsum soooo Round 2. We made it happen.
 
This place did NOT make it happen. Shoulda took the hint when the only people who were chinese were the staff. Everything was too salty, tasted too old, or wasn't steaming. 

I don't want to get into it... Cause it gets gross from here, but I'll say that those 2-stars go out to the convenience and speed of the place... Because it's pretty empty.
This place has become a must go spot for me whenever we visit Vegas.  They generally have very good dinner service, but dim sum is somewhat lacking behind when compared to other places nearby (although still better than those places down in Chinatown).  The ambience is like any other Chinese restaurants, table placements can be too close depends on where you sit, but it's generally clean.  The service has been decent to average.

Dim sum in the morning is ok, not good, but still not bad overall compared to Chinatown.  I would rate it somewhere in the middle.  Dinner is the best part of this place, they have a great selection of live seafood and often time there are special deals going for live seafood.  I especially like their fresh live shrimps and lobsters.

Overall this place is a must-go for Chinese seafood dishes during dinner time, but for dim-sum in the morning is definitely a secondary choice.
Our hiking group stopped here for dim sum to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival a bit early.  There were seven of us, and we were seated at a large table by the large glass windows.

Service was excellent.  Since one of the group is a native Taiwanese, she does the selecting and ordering.  We had an array of food - shrimp dumplings, duck on peanuts, a noodle dish, meatballs, excellent fried shrimp, a tasty vegetable dish, pork buns, and some excellent sesame balls with different fillings.

We have made it a tradition to come here twice a year (at least) to have this lunch, and we have always been pleased.  I look forward to it each time.

PS:  I think there was a fellow Yelper at the restaurant.  IF you read this review, I apologize for my uncertainty and not recognizing you.
Dim sum ends at 3pm so note that. Came with my mom and ordered the usual dim sum dishes (chicken feet, shrimp balls, shumai, etc.) Service was fast, but the food was EXTRA greasy (as in, more greasy than typical dim sum food). Beyond the limits of typical Chinese food greasiness.

My mom also ordered some fried squid dish that I've had before at other places but I'm pretty certain it was NEVER AS SALTY AS THIS PLACE'S. WHAT IS UP WITH THE SALTINESS LEVEL OF THAT SQUID, YO? I walked out dizzy from high blood pressure.

It's cheap though so I give them points for that. However, I'm from LA and the verdict here is that I've had better. Way better.
A hidden jewel in the desert. I only go to Cathay House at ridiculous hours of the night... They are open until 5am. The dim dum is incredible and two people can walk in spend 30 dollars, leave full and with two meals of leftovers. The fried rice is the best fried rice I've ever had. I'm almost positive that they use MSG, and for anyone that is a true fan of GOOD CHINESE FOOD, they know that MSG = Makes Stuff Good. Everytime I go to Vegas, I will alway find my way over to Cathay House.
Most of the clientele are Chinese/Asian.  They had everything I could want in a dim sum place and the quality was very good.  I would definitely go back. Plenty of parking in their lot and plenty of tables in the restaurant.  There was no waiting.
Best dim sum in Las Vegas?  Quite possibly.

Before I continue, note, I'm not being racist.  I'm Asian so I feel I can take some liberties when making "generalizations".

You know you are in for a great, authentic experience as soon as you walk in and only see Asians in the restaurant of which more than half don't speak English.

My bud and I, being Asian and both looking Chinese, were warmly welcomed in Cantonese; seated at our table, and never heard a word of English spoken to us for the rest of the meal.  Its OK.  We just pointed at what we wanted to eat from the many dim sum carts.

Service is VERY fast.  Don't let the servers rush you as they try to sell you everything in their cart else you will end up with food for 10 when there are only two of you.

Everything is very fresh.  Common mainstays such as their shrimp dumplings are austere and perfectly prepared the way they should be.  More exotic dishes such as the chicken feet and tripe are excellent.

As other yelpers have mentioned, the food is quite aggressively seasoned.  Its all good if you drink pot after pot of tea.  You really have no choice since the servers seem to watch you like a hawk and change your teapot out after just a few pours.

If you want a very authentic experience and a great meal, this is the place!
Not a big fan of their dim-sum service anymore. Definately not as good as it used to be. Especially after the last couple times they've changed management. We don't usually come here for dim sum anymore. I like going for their late night food. It's cheap and pretty good.
Hmmm, I've been to the Cathay House 2 times in the last 3 months and one time, it was great, the other time, it was barely good.  I hope that doesn't mean you have to go with a Chinese friend for it to be great! lol  They kinda embarrassed me because I took a friend who I'd been telling how great the dim sum was.  I'll still give it 3 stars but if I go next time and the dumplings are not great, I probably won't go back... even though I love their steamed Chinese Broccoli!

Might see ya there.
This place had good dim sum. The staff was actually really nice to us (being that we aren't chinese). I like walking in to see only Asians dining here which means it has to be good. Not dirty. The price was great! A typical Dim Sum place for sure....YUM
We went here about a month ago for brunch/dim sum.

 I had only had dim sum once before, and my wife had never had it. So we weren't too sure what to expect. 

We tried about 8 different items and they were all pretty good. The shrimp balls and shumai were our favorite. 

While we enjoyed our meal, we were disappointed to see the B health dept. rating as we were leaving.
This place is AMAZING!
I'm suprised that there are so many bad reviews.
If you go there at dinner you get a giant bowl of complimentary soup. (Tastes great. :))
Plus, you also get complimentary dessert. :) ( For example, yummy, warm red bean soup. )
If you go there, order the braised sea bass w/ tofu hot pot. It's heaven in a hot pot. :) ($15.95)
Trust me, you won't regret going here. 
It's a must-go when you're in Las Vegas. 
Dim sum is great too; what's up with all the bad reviews?
Finally, most of the stuff here is cheap when you compare it with stuff at Vegas. Depending on what you order, it can be from $8-16. If you order things like abalone, crab, flounder, sea cucumber, or Peking duck, it can be pretty expensive.
How come people only give 3 stars to this place?

THEIR FOOD TASTES GREAT!!!!!!

we ate so much and we only pay $15 per person!

the hakau is realllllly good, the skin is perfect!!!

i love their leek pork and shrimp dumpling, it's sooooo good.

the lomakai has shrimp and lapchiong inside, which is not what you find at other places.

the fried bread is sooo crispy and not too thick!
If you were born and raised in Vegas and have never been to Cathay House, you seriously need to slap yourself in the face and get a grip.

EVERYONE has come here for dim sum at some point in their life. It's so busy. Dim sum is dim sum to me, so I think the food doesn't taste bad. But doesn't taste orgasmic either. Either way, why are you not at Cathay House right now?
I only get to have dim sum with my daughter since the mister doesn't like it...so since my daughter now lives in Cali, I only get to have dim sum when she visits or when I have family in town.

My first choice is Chang's but if I have to be on Spring Mountain to shop then Cathay House is my next choice.   The dim sum here is good, better than some of the other places in Vegas but I grew up in SF so its too hard to compare as I've had some of the best back home...

Get there early as after a certain time, there is only limited things you can get since they stop making dim sum by afternoon.
I have been going to cathay house whenever i feel the need for dim sum. Of course there are a few places off the strip for really good dim sum. I try to spicen up, by going to different various locations. However, this restaurant has been not that great twice. The dim sum has no flavor at all, and if they don't sell the dim sum they go back to the bar where the microwave is and heat it up. they deserve a two star at least, because the waiters and bus boy actually give a better service than the dim sum ladies. They are vey attentive with changing the plates, refilling the hot water in the tea. Off the dim sum, we tried their beef chow fun. There was little flavor, but just something that we could not pinpoint.. I am very picky into how food tastes and i wasn't get anything from cathay house. If you want to try some honest to good dim sum, check out changs hong kong dim sum. The flavors and taste are not that bad.
I frequent 2 other dim sum restaurants in Las Vegas and decided to give Cathay House a try yesterday because they had zagat stickers on their door. The food was absolutely horrible overall. I was with 4 other people and no one had a good experience. A lot of the dishes were cold and some looked and tasted like they were reheated leftovers from another day. The egg custard tasted like old frying oil was used to make it and completely unedible. When we told the manager how bad the egg custard was, he didn't even apologize. He even acted annoyed that we said anything. I would NEVER go back there again. Orchid Garden and Chang's have much better food and service.
My son and I went to Cathay House with some friends because for us adults, we wanted some Dim Sum. I am only giving three stars because one is for clean appearance, 2nd star is for good customer service - we were greeted right away and seated right away as well. The third star was for decent. I got my chicken feet, fried sticky rice, shrimp, and much much more plus desserts.
It is always a blur of frantic Chinese being thrown out, ninja fast finger pointing, and hopes of not regretting the shear volume of food on the table as the first cart pulls away. My family and friends have been coming here for years, the reason, it is just good dim sum. OH! and the chili sauce! Went to Chang's one time to try it out, the dishes were delicious and the service was great, but the lack of the chili sauce keeps me coming back here.

Cathay House sometimes lack in service, and I often have to double check the math because one guy tends to add extra to your bill. Yet I still come back, because they have the largest selection of dim sum and that AWESOME chili sauce. One of my friends and I have a tendency of dipping everything including our char sui bun in this sauce. Don't knock it, the contrast between the sweet BBQ pork and the spice of the oil is magic.

We tend to order the mixed pork and shrimp dumpling, shrimp dumpling in the white skin, steamed BBQ bun, chicken feet, tripe in black bean sauce, shrimp balls, spare ribs in black bean sauce, tofu skin wraps, tendons, shrimp noodles, and the taro cakes. The feast usually ranges around 25-30 dollars.

The best part is if you go with a white friend they will always bring them a fork. It drives my friend nuts. It gives me a warm fuzzy feeling inside while I bust out laughing in her face.
Cathay House has been around for as long as I can remember....so basically since I moved to Vegas in the 90's. It was THE place to go besides "Chang's on Decatur and Trop"....Changs was called something else previously I believe or "Orchid Gardens on Sahara and Lindell". In any case, Cathay House is still the same as I remember it, so loud in there that you can barely hear yourself think. When I go for dim sum, I go for the generic dim sum items. Haw gaw (shrimp dumplings), shu mai, haw churn fun, law may gai (sticky rice in a banana leaf), turnip cake, bbq pork bun, tripe, etc. I don't ever venture away from that with the chicken feet, etc. Overall food is decent...nothing out of this world.  Not the best dim sum I've had, but also not the worst. We came here on a Sunday for lunch for four. Our bill came out to 56 dollars with tip....pricey lunch??? I think it's a bit pricey for Chinese food. Like many Chinese places, service isn't #1 priority, but we made it in and out in less than a hour. I know we will be back, we can't help but go back for more.
After a few hours of dancing at LAVO i needed noodles, more specifically pan fried noodles. And midnight pan fried noodles are even better. I don't remember much from the night, but we found our noodles here, and i think they're actually open 24 hours a day. Thank god for the delicious crunch of midnight pan fried noodles.

Now where did we leave our car?
I've had dim sum in Hong Kong, so I know what dim sum should taste like. Cathay House is close, but no cigar. Their dim sum is just too greasy for my taste. I went there during lunch time and there were a lot of people there so I figured this place must be pretty good. I mean the food is not terrible. It just they are too greasy. Egg rolls I picked up from the cart (You can pick whatever you'd like off of the carts) were too greasy that I let them sit for about 5 minutes and what do you know, a lake of orangeish grease was formed in the bowl. Another thing I didn't like about this place is the service. Except for one lady who was extremely happy that I spoke a little mandarin (thank you) and was willing to help me, all the other staff either was rude or seemed very unhappy. I work at a restaurant so I know even if you are having the worst day of your life, you have to put on a smile when you are around customers. But anyways, overall this place was mediocre at best. Probably won't go back.
We enjoyed ourselves. 
Food + Service + Price = 5 stars.
It might not be as fancy as Noodles, but function matters more than the form.  So far it's the best dim sum place we have been in Vegas.  Until I find a new favorite, I will be going back.
After touring Death Valley, we decided to go to Cathay house as we were looking for some authentic Chinese food.  We were seated immediately after we entered, and the food came out quickly.  

The lobster noodles were good, they get them fresh from the fish tank next to the wall.  Poor lobsters!  But oh so delish.  We also got the pork with the fried skin that people were raving about, and it was goood.  The skin was crispy and the meat very tender.  

Overall I was stuffed and it was well worth the money!  Excellent service, ambiance/decor, good food, at a decent price.  Thumbs up!
Dim sum got cold quick and the service was so so. Unfortunately.

I didn't Yelp. I came here with a group of friends 2 years ago. It was OK. The camaraderie was more memorable.

I came here with one Caucasian this time. It's 11:30 AM on a Saturday. It was not very busy. The wait staff somehow seated 4-people group frist, ahead of us and another 4-people family who had been waiting. Not a big deal.

Dim sum selection was good. But the foods were not hot on the push-cart. And they got cold quickly on the table. Could it be the AC from a distance? I had to ask the servers to get us a few plates straight from the kitchen. Did she just microwave it instead? I cou;dn't tell by the taste.

The wait staffs were reasonably attentive to clear the empty plates and fill the empty tea pot.

I couldn't comment on the actual price since it was a treat by friend this time.

So diners, I hope the cold food was just one time thing. Otherwise it's just the standard dim sum fair for Vegas.
Dim Sum was authentic and decent.  However, selection was very limited.  Lots of Chinese people were here for lunch so that picture painted a thousand words.
We went after 9pm, they have a special menu.  You need to ask for it.  We ordered 9 dishes, these are the ones that suck out in my mind:

1.  Peking Spare Ribs - Flavorful, crispy, and just so good.
2.  Rice soup with shredded pork and preserved egg - not enough flavor.
3.  Fried Flounder - Crispy, fresh, and the sauce on the side was with a hint of spicy
4.  Sliced fish with greens - fish was fresh and soft, needed a little more flavor
5.  Beef stew hot pot - the beef was tender, radish was ok, again the sauce needed more flavor
6.  Beef stew with noodle soup - that was not too bad.  Flavor was there, but the noodles were a little too soft.

Overall everything was not bad, the service was good, and prices are too bad either.
Good place to go for Dimsum.
Lots of seating, so space is not an issue. 
Food is always hot, and price is cheap. 
Lots of selection!
Who doesn't love dim sum? Eating food that you have no idea what it is, is after all, a thrilling experience! Now I've been to Orchid Gardens, Changs and Harbor Palace so figured I would try Cathay House since I hear great things about this place. 

Going during the weekday during lunch can be hectic or not, luckily our group of 4 was seated fairly quickly for a busy lunch hour. Of course just picking items off carts and watching as the ladies play bumper carts trying to pawn off their dishes. I have to say that I did enjoy these eats but I think I still prefer Changs. Their service was a little slow. We waited at least 5 mins for drinks before we flagged down a waiter to order something to quench our thirst since we were already chowing down. Also we had to ask for a few items to be warmed up because they were quite cold. Nobody likes cold shrimp balls, do they? I'm sure the waitress wasn't thrilled with our request as she left her cart behind a patron's seat

Dim sum is always fun to experience so any place you go you'll be in for a treat with their daily selections and the people pushing the carts. Just make sure to stay out of their way so they'll run you over.
DIM SUM! my fave thing, shrimp balls. they're salt/pepp shrimp is comparable here to other places bc it's gross....
I had dim sum there for lunch..  My first experience having Dim Sum.  It was a good one.  Very busy but had a short wait.  Seated in a comfortable booth.  Enjoyed watching patrons pick selections from the carts.  I had to try the chicken feet.  It was an experience that I had to see what people saw in this dish. All dishes were good if picked while fresh and you only had to wait a short time before a cart with fresh food was rolled around to pick from.  I met the manager and was given complimentary rolls.  On a scale of 1-10, I'd rate this resturant a 8.75.
Dim sum done well for pocket change. I always get the chicken feet and char shiu bao. In order to eat some delicious dim sum, you must be willing to make a few sacrifices. 

On busy days, the servers will probably never be there to help you or even bring you water. You must be proactive and actually walk up to these guys. Expect a few scowls from the ladies pushing their carts. No one can be continuously cheerful pushing one of these things all morning. And when they do smile, you know it's gonna be a good day:) 

Oh, and don't wait for your check at the table. Bring your little stamp card up front so they can ring you up. Otherwise, you could be there forever. Why give it 4 stars, you ask? Chinese restaurants are notorious for bad service. I'm grading on a curve.
Omg this place is HORRID! I've never even reviewed a place so low before! 

I'm really disappointed Vegas!

So this has got to be the worst Dim Sum restaurant I've been too. With food and service. Usually service is horrible at dim sum, because its dim sum. They feel the need that they don't need to check up on you, because they have the little ladies with carts going around, and around serving you what you choose. Which isn't that bad.

But this place... As soon as we got seated, they brought out our water in PLASTIC disposable cups, when everyone else had regular re- used washable cups. How do you run out of cups? Very classy for a "nice" restaurant. And we had also got tea, chrysanthemum tea. As I poured it into my tea cup, I looked in and saw that a bug came out of the pot! It was disgusting! We couldn't even get anyones attention to change it out. Or for them to take it away.

Also, our Soy Sauce bottle was empty!! They didn't even notice to give us a new one, we had to switch it out with the table next to us.

And at last,, the food. It was COLD. Dim sum is suppose to be hot. Steaming hot. But it was so cold, it was breaking apart. Horrible I tell you.
Really, really overrated and soon tourists will have the pleasure in paying a 30% premium at the Palms.  

The best story I have is from a late night dinner.  Apparently they have 2 late night menus.  One in Chinese with english translation.  The second is in english.  Apparently the english menu is much more in price.  I can't remember exactly but my friend's mom had to ask the waiter why we were charged more. The waiter responded that we didn't ask for the other menu and therefore were going to be charged the "Non-Chinese" price.  He seemed to not care.  After about 10 minutes of going back and forth, my friend's mom persistence won out and we got the "Chinese" price, which was at least a 30% discount. 

They were pretty rude and it never ceases to amaze me how rude my people can be.  They'll straight out try to hustle you, and when you call them out on it, they'll keep defending it.

On another occasion at dim sum,  a friend of mine saw one of the employees heat the item in the microwave as they were walking through the restaurant.

The food here is average at best.  I never make an effort to go here unless I am being treated.
As authentic as Chinese food gets here. Fairly clean for an Asian restaurant with clashing decorations galore. We had a fairly large party and ordered around 7 dishes. Food is good!
I like this place because you get to eat the moment you sit down. The ladies with cart come right to you and sell you everything in their carts. The dim sum are pretty authentic and tasty. They have pretty much all the regular dim sum you can get from other dim sum places. This restaurant is okay clean and bright inside (with natural light). Prices are reasonable and there is no wait if you get there by noon on a Sunday.
Dinner for four; got seated quickly on a Tuesday night. My bf's parents accompanied us and were quick to order since everyone was famished and wanted to just eat and go.The server seemed nice but the parents mostly dealt with them since theyre the ones who speaks the language and could read the specials printed in Chinese. 
They ordered a few things:
Duck- from what I saw, it was less fatty than other Chinese restaurants we've gone to and were very meaty. Taste wise, my bf said it "tasted like duck from any other Chinese restaurant." 
Oyster hot pot- probably one of my faves here. The oysters were big and juicy and had lots of great flavors.
Beef w/scallions- He said it was "ok" but no one hardly touched it. 
Shrimp and eggs w/green onions- good stuff, loaded with shrimp.
Salt and pepper crab- I don't normally like crab but this was pretty ok.
Fried fish- had no clue what kind of fish this was but it was good. I guess you get this free if your bill is over 100.

And yes, I paid 107 for this dinner so they better have given us that fish! But everyone enjoyed it so it was well worth it.
We got off the plane and headed straight to this place for a late lunch, given the time change.  This might be the first time we've ever done that (that being dim sum straight off the plane), and it hit the spot.  Some of the selections were a little salty, but overall, good dim sum off the carts, and a comfortable dining room.
Fresh Veggies, YAY!  Did my Snow Peas and Broccoli just crunch?  Why YES they did.  Everything is made to order and piping hot which is always a huge plus for me.  Shrimp and Lobster Sauce...EXCELLENT!  Not only are they off The Strip they are also open on a Saturday Night after 10 pm.
SN:  They have a Full Bar with a very capable Bartender.
Been going to this restaurant for years.  The quality goes up and down.  Last Saturday however, we learned that they charge $1 per person for tea.     I don't even drink tea.  I order soda.  They don't even ask you if you want tea they just serve it.  I asked them how they figure who is and who isn't drinking the tea.  They could not give me an answer.  So before you order and they bring you that tea you better make sure you want it and you tell them who are the people who are going to be drinking it.
I came in for dinner but I didn't order so I wouldn't know how to order it next time. That's what happens when I go with my mom and her friends, they order traditional chinese dishes that have no english name. It's frustrating to ask them to explain the name of the dish so I can order it next time, but..... OMG the dishes are soooo good. We had a traditional claypot bowl with lamb and other things, roast duck, vegetables and then of course steamed whole fish. 

I found out they serve dim sum all day, you just need to order from a form. They also have shabu shabu after 9pm.
Pretty good, I felt pretty rushed throughout our entire meal even though there were plenty of seats left.  The ladies were NOT real knowledgeable about the food on their carts.  And they don't communicate in English real well. So from time to time we got pork instead of chicken, 3 pork buns instead of 2, and not so great service.

For instance, the lady at the table next to us had all her stuff on our fourth chair.  We mentioned to the waiter that she had her stuff on our fourth chair and he responded with "I know" and told us to put our stuff on the railing instead. Verse asking her to move it. And PS she almost walked out without it we had to remind her it was there.   So to say they are not to keen on white folk probably is a fair statement.  They also seemed to be getting upset with us when they couldn't answer our questions correctly in English.

Morale of the story: expect decent dim sum and expect to not get exactly what you want
I've been going here for YEARS. I mean like from elementary school to now (college). Always go during the dim sum hours. The food is good. Most of my favorite foods are the shrimp foods. Shrimp noodle, fried wonton, har gow. Their tripe soup is really good also.
Ok so I did like this place considering it was pretty cheap for dim sum. The only issue I had with this place was that some of their food was cold! Mainly the fried stuff. Service was so-so. But I don't expect much from these places. Other than that it was typical dim sum fair. I would go again if I was craving it and I was in Vegas.
Boy oh Boy,  if you are missing dim sum, this is one of the places to go.

1.  Parking - Easy - Strip Mall.

2.  Traffic- This is inside the restaurant, since it is very important for a great dim sum place to have high traffic to keep the food rotating and fresh and hot.  This place is always busy.

3.  Cart Frequency - The frequency of the cart coming around is just right.  Just as we were running out of one type of dim sum and people wanted more, the cart was always a few minutes away. Very easy.

4.  Service - Quick and they will get you your tea, ice water, fork as quick as you can imagine. Perhaps not elegant service, but very efficient.

5.  Food quality - The selection is great and the taste is very good. From the norma favorites such as:

Siu Mai
Cheung Fun
Chicken Feet
Spareribs with black bean sace,
BBQ bun

These are all very tasty!  The waiters will even ome by with specials such as chow mein, or chinese broccoli.  They know how to do it right.

The food quality here is very good, service efficient, and there is plenty of traffic to keep things fresh.  GK says, go for it.
This is the only place I eat Dim Sum. Yummm :)
has a lot of variety of dim sum if you go early. One thing i hate about this place and prevent me from giving it a 5 stars because those ladies who pushed the carts, they're so pushy in trying to put food on your table, there are a lot of things i don't like to eat, and they just placed those plates on my table even though i said i don't want its. Give me time to pick out the dishes i want to order, will ya???
I came here expecting mediocre dim sum, but it was actually good. Not the best dim sum I've had, but it was good.

Its located in a strip mall called Cathay Hills. When I got here for dim sum it was pretty busy but we didn't have to wait long. The frequency of the cart coming around was good. there never was a moment where I had to call for a cart nor look for one because they always came around when we needed something. 

They have a lot of different items here. I loved that they had duck and it was still hot and fresh. The standard dim sum items were good too like the Haw gao and pork dumplings. The fried sticky rice was very good. All of the food was nice and fresh. Good place to go for some hangover food when you are in Vegas.
Super authentic! LOVE IT!

Stopped in here for late night food at 2200 and was surprised that they serve food so late.

This is definitely a FOB-U-LOUS dive-y place.  They had Jellyfish on the menu and of course I HAD to order it.  It was so tasty! I should have ordered more of it.  Where else are you going to find Jellyfish served at 2200???

The fried flounder was also very good.  It's not a lot of meat but it was just enough.  This thing must have been flopping around before it went in the fryer because it tasted really fresh.  YUM!
I hate to give bad reviews but this place was definitely NOT GOOD.
The food here wasn't very flavorful and I'm not super picky on flavor. The chicken looked and tasted like it maybe wasn't chicken... There was a fish tank full of dead fish on display for the diners to see, gross. 

There's millions of places to get Chinese food in Chinatown so I would not recommend this one. 

Also I got sick to my stomach almost instantly after we finished eating. I usually prefer food that doesn't make me sick.
If you go there for dinner you will be pleasantly surprised.  The food is delicious!!  Try the string beans in xo sauce and salt and pepper calamari.  Everything else is standard.  I do recommend this place to all my friends.

If you go for the dim sum you will be disappointed.  Luckily my friends and I don't go there for dim sum.  Haha.

4 stars -- 5 for dinner service (late night chinese baby!) minus 1 for dim sum.
Good food, servers are wearing gloves! Clean place.
Came here with my Chinese friends for Chinese New Year.  They asked for the Chinese menu.  There were 11 of us and the bill was $300.00 including the tip.  Everything was fantastic.  Chinese broccoli, fried rice with scallops, salty fried chicken, a wonderful beef dish with beautiful steamed broccoli and a plethera of other things.  I know there are two menus, English and Chinese.  I have heard that there are different prices between them both.  I wish I read/spoke Chinese because I am definitely going back here.  My husband and I loved it.  It took about 30 minutes for food to come after ordering and everything was piping hot.  I took off 1 star for decor, that could be a bit better.  Other than that, I'm glad I went and look forward to going back again.
I highly recommend Dinner here.  I had been here a long time ago for Dim-Sum and was not that impressed.  I was not buying tonight so I had no choice to go for Dinner, and what a difference it makes.  The Hot and Sour soup was among the best that I have had.  The dishes were brought out as ready and all of the dishes were fresh, one better than the next.  The best was the Roasted Duck.  Highly recommend it - careful as it is easily enough for 4.  At $31 seems expensive but well worth every penny.
I went here for dim sum today with about 6 other people.  It was quite the scene.  Not very many white people, so you know it's authentic :)  but on the flip side they have little tolerance for explaining what things are and often don't' know the words in english.  So you better be an adventerous eater or you might end up with a durian desert.  The plus side is who cares, everything is so cheap.  The wide rice noodle dish was great, so was the duck and pork.  Steamed buns were good, but maybe a little dry.  What an array of dishes.  I would definitely go back.
i have been coming here for years!
i cant say that the place looks great but the food is satisfying...for the most part
you have to be seated where they will see you or the ladies just seem to pass you by and its always hard to order your food if you arent familar with the language, i am a shrimp lover so i always get shu-mi and all the other good stuff.
service is ok...you really have to get their attention..
we havent been there recently but for a family of 4 eating its about $45-50...reasonable considering we get alot
This is a pretty decent restaurant with average-tasting food. This place is considered "pretty good" for a Vegas Chinese restaurant.
Cathay House was my first Dim Sum in Las Vegas and I was impressed.  Shrimp is my favorite dim sum ingredient and at most other places you have to wait and wait for the one cart with shrimp.  Here every cart had different shrimp options ... More than I could try in one meal.  I'll be back to try the others soon.  My friend also ordered his favorite dish off the menu, pork with strawberry sauce.  It sounds odd but tasted good.  I'd put this dim sum experience as better than LA's China Town and slightly below Honolulu's
Just plain good dim sum.  Nothing fantastic but far from bad.  Although upon asking for my 2nd refill of Pepsi the busboy gave me diet instead of regular.  I think he was trying to give me a hint.
I was craving for dim sum and decided to yelp for ones located in Las Vegas's China town.  A couple different options popped up so we just randomly decided on Cathay's.  We arrived around 1pm and dim sum carts were making their rounds and the smell of propane was in the air! They sat us right away and we were served cart after cart after cart. I was very impressed that we didn't have to wait for the next cart of options to come by or for the cart that had our "favorite" dim sum to come back.  We tried almost everything and it was great!  Our water was never half empty and someone was always there  to help as soon as I  looked up to ask a question.  

I'm from San Diego, so our restaurant choices for dim sum are few  and most are just average with horrible customer service.

We had a great experience and I definitely love the food that we ordered.  I can't wait to go back!
Delicious dim sum, large variety, fast service, and decently priced. No MSG overhang afterwards.
I somehow got a menu for Cathay House while dining at the 24/7 Cafe so I ordered some sort of fried rice.

I don't remember much of it but it was great for LATE NIGHT DRUNKEN MUNCHIES!
too bad i threw it all up later.
This was my first experience having "dim sum" and it was great!  I usually don't take chances with new lunch places over an initial business meeting, so I was skeptical to start.  However, after the first bite...wow!  I highly recommend and will return when I visit Las Vegas again.
If I could give them a 'No Star' rating, I would.  WORST SERVICE EVER!  I've been to numerous dim sum places around town, but have never been passed up and ignored so much in my life!  NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN.

Go to Orchid Garden on Sahara. Do it.
I founded this restaurant by mistake, We were looking for an argentinian restaurant they're in the same plaze and the argentinian looked really bad, around 10:30pm, hungry and very dissapointed left that restaurant in search for the place I was going to settle for dinner that night, and what a surprise, I go to this place and is one of the best chinesse restaurants I ever have, Non grease and very tasty, I'm a regular at this place, every time I'm in vegas is a must have!!!!
My recommendations are:
Salt and pepper shrimp, Combination fried rice, String beans w/chicken; ask for everything spicy, and if you are getting drinks for the bar, make sure you ask with no ice and get the ice on the side ;-) I know why I'm telling you and you have to trust me on this one.
I love DIM SUM! Those little small bite-sized dishes always get me. I enjoyed eating at the Cathay House Restaurant with my boyfriend and his mother. It was a good place to hit up! My favorite dish here was the steamed bums and those sesame balls that are like extremely dense but delicious.

I left feeling like I had a food baby inside of me because I was stuffed beyond belief. I guess you can get carried away eatings Dim sum because they are served in the small plates that you can lose track of what you have eaten!

The service was not very well...I think one of the ladies that was pushing the cart was having a bad day....and they never refilled our waters.
Overpriced. Mediocre dim sum. 

No one from Vegas really comes to this dim sum place anymore ever since they switched owners. And I can see why! I thot I'd give it a try...well once was enough to have me not coming back. 

Rude Asian servers. Normal dim sum food. Pricier than the other dim sums. You give me a reason to come back...smh.
It's hard to rate this place properly.

If I were to rate them on food, I'd give 4-5 stars. It's some of my favorite Chinese food in the city. Their hot and sour is my favorite one of all Chinese places I've been. The rest of their menu is also containing items made just right.

If i were just rate them on service, I'd give them 2-3 stars. More often than not, they're pretty rude. Especially if you don't know they have a credit card minimum. They have more than enough business to allow a credit transaction of any amount. They don't exactly struggle like a lot of other places to justify that. And they're not nice about it - to me anyway. More than once.

The place is nice inside, and deceptively large. I like it, I just have to ignore the service.
Dim sum is good, service not so much.
I would've given this place another star if it still had the same owner/management. After the change about 4 years ago, things weren't the same anymore. My family and I used to go here all the time since 1996 but not so much anymore.

Dim sum is from 10:30am to about 2pm. The food still tastes good but sometimes they get extra oily. I'm glad the server we've had for years still works there - he's the only one who gets it right the first time and he's friendly. 

I always get the same dim sum items: shumai, roasted pork, hargao, steamed BBQ pork buns (bao), shrimp balls, shrimp wontons, chinese broccoli, sweet tofu and sesame balls. From the regular menu: fried chicken, yang chow fried rice, honey walnut prawns, and salt and pepper pork.
Absolute worst service I've ever had, and I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants. All the other times I've been here, nothing worth mentioning, but the most recent time will be my last time.

Now I don't know who all the titles of the staff, so I'll just refer to them as waiters and busers. I think we had 2 servers and 2-3 busers throughout the course of our meal.
2-3 because I think I saw two busers that looks identical, and I'm not being racist because I'm Chinese myself, so I'll just count them both as one person.


We first get there and put in our order. I didn't keep track of time, but probably after 20-30 minutes we get our appetizer, still no soup though and that's supposed to come first.  Buser #1 delivers the appetizer but practically drops the dish on the table with a loud thud and immediately walks away. About 10-20 minutes later the other dishes started coming. The worst dish was the sizzling pepper steak. The thing about this dish is when it comes to your table, the steak is supposed to be sizzling in the metal tray. In our case, it came out at room temperature (meat and metal pan), so as you can expect, absolutely no sizzle.

Sometime throughout the meal, we asked Buser #1 if we're supposed to get soup. He responds by saying don't ask him, ask the waiter. So we ask one of the waiters and he apologizes and says he'll get us soup. About 10 minutes later, we still haven't received the soup so we don't really bother anymore. The waiter walks by and asks if we have received our soup yet, which we said not yet, and he could tell by the lack of soup bowls. He immediately gets someone (again) to bring out soup. This time, Buser #2, puts the bowl of soup down, not sure where his mind is at, but drops the soup spoon into the bowl and splashes all of us with soup, my mom suffering the most splash damage. He says sorry once, but for an incident like that, I think you should be more apologetic.

After a few more dishes arrive, we ask for rice, which is not something that you should need to do yourself at a Chinese restaurant.

Finally when we're done eating, we ask Buser #1 for some to-go boxes. He goes and brings back boxes and before he walks away says "Ask someone else to do it". WTF kind of attitude is that?

In the end, they had the audacity to charge us 18% gratuity on a party of 4 with dreadful service. 

Overall the food was decent, but it was PAINFUL to eat with that degree of service.
After my second visit to Cathay House for Dim Sum, I'm giving them another star.  The food is excellent, the service is speedy and the prices are very reasonable.
It must be Sunday, that's the day my husband and I usually eat dim sum.  Today, we are trying Cathay house, haven't been here in a while and our usually haunt is very busy, so we took a chance and thought we might be faster getting in here and we were right, got seated right away and the food carts came rolling up.

The selection at first seem vast and our table was soon covered with the little plates, bamboo baskets and bowls of steamed goodies.  But by the time I got to my third choice it was very similar to the last, it seems we had choose almost all shrimp and they were beginning to taste the same. 

Although everything was fresh and service was great, it seem to me that it all tasted the same and I was disappointed in the end.
After a Saturday night after a night of pool, we got here around 1:00 am and was seated right away.  I was surprised there were 30 people or so in the restaurant at that hour. It is a large restaurant, clean, but kind of banquety' 80's looking. 

Although I was not that hungry, I've been craving duck, so I got half a roast duck. My husband ordered from the late night dim sum menu-shrimp dumpling, won-ton soup,  shrimp shumai.   Food came out promptly but not suspiciously quick.  Beyond my expectations, the duck was really crispy and not the least bit greasy, but the sauce which thankfully came on the side was not good or needed.  It was an artificial gingery tasting glop mess.  My husband loved the won-ton soup and ordered another bowl, and thought the shrimp dumplings and shumai were solid, but nothing special.   However, we concluded our meal with the thought that coming during dim sum cart service hours may be promising.    

With only two people working the front of the restaurant, once we got our food our waiter didn't come back until he thought we were done and we had to wait a long time to settle our bill.  However, overall service was decent.

I've been wanting to try this place for a while now; so glad I did and we will be back for a full dim sum service.
Best combin ation fried rice! Great place for dim sum.
visiting from San Jose, CA.  checking out LV Chinatown. 
Sunday noon.  not super busy.  they seat us, but no water, tea, or settings.
I go get our own water.
after a while, I try getting some place settings.
then, I have to take plates from an unoccupied table.
have to flag a bus boy to get us some tea.

we did not seem to have any server assigned.
carts come around, we start picking food.

makes us wonder if we just wander out, would anyone know.  since we didnt have a server.

no tip.

pork ribs kinda fatty.
otherwise food seems good.

so I think some others thought:  real Chinese place--decent food, just poor service.
Used ot love this place...it was up there for more hong kong style fried stuff but i won't be back now...got stuck int he overflow back room 2x in a row.  Our fault - we arrived late on a Sunday both times and have to expect to get jammed whereever you can.  Problem is both times the dim sum was cold...okay that happens and we get it.  Being the realist that I am we ask about the temp of the item first, then ask to have it reheated if its noodles or something that can be re-heated...no big deal right?  These last two times (over 4 week period) the server either blew us off (1x) or reheated to the point of destroying the item (radish cake - pretty easy to reheat)...however that wouldn't have done it for me.  Again - the front dining room is nice and most of the dishes are above par...however when digging in to a plate of chow fun w/ XO sauce I ate something crunchy...with legs...and a shell...and antennae...and upon inspection noticed there was more than one of these critters on the plate.  Not going back again - not that I'm squeemish but heck...i hate roaches or critters of any kind and don't like cold dim sum...or sittling in cramped back rooms...  

I gave two stars because the server was pretty cool and comped the meal and the food
I'm not a fan of Chinese food but this place I enjoyed the food.
Awesome, best Chinese food in Vegas even at 2 am in the morning.
First time going to this place, the food was great ordered the lo mein and beef with strawberry sauce.  Also ordered a couple of dim sum dishes - shu mai and hargow.  Definitely a place to come back again, the dim sum I think is a bit pricey imho.
This used to be my go to spot for dim sum but as of recently I have decided to take a break from here and go else where.. Sorry Cathay...

The last time I went to C.H. we got our usual variety of little dim sum dishes but as my mother bit into one of the fried shrimp balls she immediately spit it out.. It was bad.. Not bad as in bad tasting but bad as in "gone bad.." ewwwww!

We flagged down the server and told him.. He told us to tell the cashier.. When we went up for the bill and explained to the cashier our little situation, she said we had to talk to the server... WTF! So we went back to the table and flagged down the server who then flagged down the manager. We explained what was going on and the manager said "Sorry, we still have to charge you for it since you ate it.." At this point I was beyond annoyed and explained to him the difference between us not being pleased with the dish and the dish being unpleasing because it had turned bad.. I showed him how we did not touch it besides the little bite that was spit back out and that maybe he too should try the nasty thing....!!! He then was like "oh....ok... we will take it off for you ..." Didn't even say sorry! 

UGH!!! bad service and bad food that day!!!! Was definitely a sour situation...! Pun intended~


Tip: they only carry hot chili oil.. I, personally, like the red chili sauce with my dim sum..
Been here before for late night munching.  Finally came with my out-of-town family for Dim Sum on Thursday for lunch.  It was surprisingly crowded. 

Excellent dim sum offering.  They offered many types of dumplings, as well as roasted meats, steamed vegetables, and mini stirfried plates.  The carts came every few minutes.  I will say it was a bit overwhelmed at one point, but I appreciate they were frequent and had an abundance of offerings. They even offered my beloved roast duck on one cart... I was about to order it off the menu.  The only negative was that we asked for water as we sat for lunch but didn't get it until we asked for the 3rd time, which was almost at the end of our meal.  

5 people and less than $80 bucks including the $12 tip... so much food, so good, so cheap, and so impressive to guest!  Great way to show off the unique food offerings in Vegas.
Late nate Chinatown Vegas eats!

Cathay House has pretty good hours for those looking to eat a late dinner. They're open up to 5am (almost 24 hours- they open at 10am and close at 5am.)

I came here for a late dinner and there were several folks who were also late night dining. This place seems to be known for their dim sum and at night time, they do offer some of their dim sum. We got a couple orders of their pork and shrimp siu mai. Aside from this, we ordered the wonton soup, pork chops, tofu with veggies and the chicken fried rice.

The wonton soup was a nice starter. It had tasty broth and soft dumplings filled with pork. Next up for us was the pork and shrimp siu mai. It's no wonder their dim sum here is popular, because the pork and shrimp siu mai was delcious!  Our main courses of pork chops and tofu with veggies did not disappoint either. The pork chops were nice and crispy. They were also pretty lean. The tofu with veggies had a good mixture of greens and slices of tofu. All the dishes went well with the chicken fried rice. Portion wise was decent though the pork chop seemed fewer than what I've seen before. The rice was plentiful but not too much chicken. It was decent though and there was food for to-go!

Not only was the food good, the price here was decent too with the bill just around $44
Love it, almost every time to Vegas got to have dim sum at Cathay House. Everything is good! don't miss it.
Very good Dim-Sum. Cheap and tasty.  Best I had in Vegas
[Review for DIMSUM only]

I'm sure you've needed to buy a car - a brand-spanking-new one OR a semi-whored-out-used version - at one point in your life and have experienced a nagging-dying-to-complete-a-sale-to-take-out-a-chick-salesperson. It wasn't the greatest of experiences right?

Well, meet the DIMSUM version.

I really wonder if these ladies work here on a full commission basis OR have been set STRICT ASIAN QUOTAS (those having worked overseas OR know someone who does may have learnt at some point how some retail outlets staff actually have DAILY quotas to meet...OR else ADIOS bish). They sure fly around in their dimsum carts like the establishment is a go-cart-track...and pushing for sales a LOT more aggressively than I would say a carsalesperson would at the end of the month.

Best part? The moment they knew I spoke Chinese...they went gung-ho-YOU-need-MORE-meat-on-you-SON-"YOUTOOSKINNNNNNNNNNNNNY" on me. (Bish, please...you look anoxeric! Maybe?) Well, they still WON...since I tend to be a pushover with asian-aunties-battling-menopause and their dimsum carts...and found my small table for 2 with food for at least 5 gargantuan eaters.

Yet, this place, which was recommended by locals (asian ladies that you'd find working at the hotels and casinos that I randomly started conversations with to ask for tips on LOCAL food joints), isn't that great. (I think I got trolled.)

Oilier dimsum...below average quality (just seems like the food sat out a little too long as well as tasting rather bland...)...and ISN'T PIPING HOT...meh

But what really killed it for me was this ever present sour taste that wasn't vinegar...and if you know your dimsum (OR even any other food in general)...this ISN'T A GOOD SIGN. Maybe, the health department might have to come over for an (S)INspection...before, as comedian Russel Peters imitates his dad, "Somebody Gonna Get a Hurt Real Bad".

If you're craving dimsum, I'd say...just wait until you get out of Vegas and hit a real spot instead. And if you HAVE to be here, please don't order the dimsum BUT order ala carte dishes instead - at least if the food isn't that fresh, the raging fire under the wok will fudgingly kill everything in it.

It may just save you a trip to the porcelain throne of shame. (Don't ask).
Ohh, I am so sorry that Jireh H. on 12/4/12 had such a bad experience at Cathay House.  I have been visiting them for years and always come out as stuffed as their many dumplings.  My husband and I go back and forth between Cathay House and another popular nearby dim sum restaurant.  Cathay House has excellent dim sum and one of their best plates is the sliced barbeque pork that is so tender and tasty, it is worth ordering extra to bring home.

They are very attentive and while my husband and I like to load up our plates so we can have the workers take away the "evidence" of so many plates that we ordered, we can't hide the bill when it comes or the amount of food we order to bring home so we can eat it again the following day.  

Their eggrolls are filled with shrimp.  Excellent noodle dishes and pork cilantro dumplings are yummy.  Everything is good and just writing this review, I am ready to return yet again.
'
From the reviews, it looks like this place is hit and miss.  However, I wish anyone who likes dim sum to give this place a try.  Totally worth it.
Great place for Dim Sum. Food quality was great and they had plenty of items to choose from. We had large party of 25 people and they were able to meet our accommodations quickly.

Food service was great, the cart ladies were constantly making their rounds and they made sure our tummies were full. We definitely did not miss out a thing!
Wasn't really planning on Dim Sum in Vegas but dad wanted to try the dim sum in this county so I was like ehhh okay....he even bought with him a Chinese newspaper that listed some Asian restaurants in the area...therefore we ended up in this restaurant for dim sum. The place was easy to find....pretty much all the Asian restaurants are located near or on Spring Mountain Rd. This is a small dinky restaurant but I was surprised by the hours they are opened - from 10:30 am to 5 am 7 days a week....I figure they don't make much money. We got there just 30 minutes after opening and it was quite and there were already some patrons.

They have the dim sum carts here not the ones you order on a paper so that was good. The food, in my opinion was pretty bad....the lady was telling us the food is fresh and just came out but it was warm instead of steaming hot. The skin of the rice rolls were too thick and the sui mai and beef balls lacked taste. The only dish I liked was the Shredded pork and thousand year old egg porridge...that was hot and just the right texture. The Sticky Rice with Chicken was okay but there was more radishes in the beef tendon bowl then there were beef tendons. 

The selection of food was meager and not a lot of unique dim sum choices but that was expected I guess. The service was eh...they weren't busy but took a long time for them to refill our tea pots. By the time we left, they got a few more diners. This place was pretty weak - but eh I really didn't expect much in the first place.
SHO GOOD.

Came here for a graduation dinner and the food just kept on coming.  

Things I remember before I was blinded by a plate bigger than my upper body of lobster:

Black bean fish
Honey walnut shrimp
Chinese brocolli
Duck
Lamb
Clay pot beef

The waiters made up for a lost pre-ordered food list by giving us a discount for the lobster. Service was alright for a Chinese place, but food was just delectable!  

Pretty big space as well.
The food is cheaper than the strip. But it is for the low quality food.
When we arrived, there were many people at the door. But there were still many empty tables. I would give them 1 star for the service. 
I ordered goat hot pot (), Vegetable beef () and hong kong style sweet and sour spare ribs (). All of them are salty. There could be some extra MSG. After the meal, I was so thirsty. I had to drink 2 bottles of water. The food quality is way below the average. 
I give them 2 stars to acknowledge their low price for a restaurant  But the rest are disappointed. It is better to go to chinese food session in the cheap buffet or go to panda express.
Dim sum in Vegas with the FAM bam... Of course. Subpar dimsum in comparison with the places in LA's SGV, but def not bad for Vegas Chinatown. 

Service was decent for our party of 18 but the fact that they tacked on the standard white restaurant gratuity fee of 18% on our bill left a bad taste in my mouth...
The food here is good. I can't complain. But I feel it is a bit overpriced. Not my number one choice of Chinese restaurants, but I'll have dim sum or a late night meal if people want to go. If you want good chinese food that is on the higher end of the price range, this is the place for you.
Probably my favorite Dim Sum place here in Vegas. Not great, but its decent, quick, and easy. Coming from Southern California I have always had the luxury of good Dim Sum places. Since I'm stuck here in Vegas, this place works for me whenever I have a craving. Never had an issue here yet. Service is good and the price point is decent.
Great Chinese dim sum in the Vegas area. Came with 6 hungry guys and ordered sooooo many dishes. Price was fair for the food. Service was great but not sure if it had anything to do with me speaking Chinese to them. But this is one of the spots I come to before my flight back home. Easy to get to from the strip also
Wasn't too hungry when I came here so didn't try as many items as I would normally get. 

Pros: Their dim sum is quite good, portions generous, and not too greasy and very affordable.

Cons:  
Was hoping to try some of the mochi durian balls pictured on yelp but they didn't have it rolling around in carts. The selection was kind of limited when we were there. We'd see the same things carted around and no new dishes coming out of the kitchen. What's up with that?
-Customer service wasn't that good, when I asked for certain dim sum items that I didn't see on the carts, they didn't place an order or check to see if there were any in the kitchen.

Pros outweigh cons so will be back on my next visit.
My brother, friend, and I  went in here for lunch to get some dim sum.  It was very good.  Good portions and reasonable prices.  Will definitely come here again if I'm in the area.  Highly recommended!
Came here for dim sum on a Saturday morning. It was a bit crowded and the wait was about 15-20 minutes for three people. They sat us in a corner so the food carts didn't come continuously. The food was good for my dim sum craving. 

We had the "si mai" (yellow pork steamed dumplings with mushroom and a red dot sometimes.. excuse my pronunciations) That's usually what I get at dim sum and it was pretty good. Also had the "hai cau" which is the white/translucent steamed dumplings with shrimp inside. I didn't know some of the translations in Chinese so I do what I usually do which is point when I see something on the cart I like. The other dish we got was the white folded slippery noodle sheets with shrimp on the inside and soy sauce. That's usually my favorite dish. The last one we had was the sticky rice in the banana leaves. That was delicious. 

It's a little frustrating when I want something, but I don't see it so I can't point. The next time I go I will probably just memorize the pronunciations of the food I want. Language barriers are the last thing you want to deal with when you are hungry and can't describe the food you want to eat, but you know it's sitting somewhere in that cart of silver trays. 

Casual dress. Good price. $30 for three people is usually what you get for dim sum. I've been to better dim sum places, but I've also been to pretty bad ones so this place is somewhere in the middle and I wouldn't mind coming back for dim sum when I'm in Vegas.
I went for Dim Sum lunch on an early Friday afternoon.  It was located on Spring Mountain Rd near S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas in a small strip mall.  They were packed with almost all Asian customers speaking their native tongue.  The noise level was extremely loud.  I was hoping to make a phone call while dining, but there was no way I could talk on the phone.

The server came up to me speaking Chinese. I don't speak or understand Chinese.   I looked at him and asked him for some water and tea.

A cart came around a few minutes later.  I pointed to the Shiu Mai and Shrimp Har Gow. The 4 Shiu Mai had the red fish eggs on top.  The items on the cart were steaming, but this dish was luke warm.  The 4 Shrimp Har Gow had whole and chopped pieces of shrimp.

The 2 Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf (Loh Mai Gai) were flavorful.  They were generously filled with with chicken, Chinese mushroom, Chinese sausage, scallions, and dried shrimp.  They were one of the best I've had in a long time.

The 3 Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork (Haam Sui Gau):were hot and freshly fried.  They were stuffed with pork and dried shrimp and even some Chinese sausage.  

The Steamed Pork Spare Ribs with Black Bean Sauce had little cubes of acorn squash which was different.

The 3 Baked Sweet Buns had no filling.  I would not order them again.

The 3 Custard Tarts (Dot Tot) had lots of crust.  It was a little on the soggy side and the custard was a little too soft.

I was able to get a couple of To Go boxes and the check without too much difficulty. I would come back since this is where the natives go but the noise level was something else.
This used to be the number one dim sum place my family and I would go to for years. It's generally always pretty busy. There would be a line of people waiting outside to get seated for lunch. A bustling restaurant is a good sign that it's great. However, in this past year things have changed drastically. The service isn't that great as said in many reviews prior to mine. I understand there may be a language barrier, but at least wear a smile on your face for your dining guests who question what sort of dishes are being presented to them. A lot of the servers do not know how to properly explain what the dishes consist of. Several of our dim sum dishes came out cold that day and also tasted stale, they were not fresh at all! Which was very surprising since we had arrived very early to opening time. You shouldn't get cold dim sum around then. So that was pretty disappointing. Hopefully the service and food will be up to par if I happen to eat here again in the near future. But as of right now, I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
After a long SUNday of spin class at 24 hour fitness, friends and I wanted to treat ourselves. Since we were on Spring Mountain, a friend suggested Cathay House.

I was eager to try this place as I've heard about this place; mainly because it's a late night dimsum spot open late.....maybe 4am???

Ordered the usual egg custard bun, noodles, duck, shrimp hargaw.
It was my 1st time there and I wasn't impressed. I was more so dissappointed. 
Especially when I bit into my egg custard bun; and didn't get oooooozyyyy goooooey egg custard goodness coming out of there. =( HOW LAME!
Of course, Imma compare this place to my fave spot (East Ocean DimSum) and it pales in comparison. 

If it's uber late and I'm craving dimsum; I guess, I'll come here again. Whatevs.
So many better places on Spring Mountain.  One dish tastes likes the next at this joint.  The "white" chicken is anything but.  Cathay was once one of the best in town.  Not any more.  As they say, "no more business from me to you!"
The quality of the food is excellent.  I like pretty much any of their soups and I love the chicken with pea pods meal.  It comes with a ton of pea pods.  This place has extended hours so you can eat until probably 3 or 4 am here.
I've only been here twice and I also have yet to venture out to other dim sum restaurants in Vegas. But I love this place. It reminds me of home (Hawaii) It actually more specifically reminds me of Legends, except smaller. 
The dim sum is delicious. It's nice that the dim sum area is smaller so that you don't have to wait for the cart to go around the entire restaurant to get what you want.
The prices are also very decent. I think I paid $30-$40 for 3 people.
Location is right off of Spring Mountain Road & parking lot always has stalls available (free). 
The staff is very friendly and fast. 
Dining area is very clean.
Place opens at 10:30am on weekdays.
Good Dim Sum, not a huge verity but what was there was very good. Well worth the trip.
When is the best time to eat Chinese food? If you thought late at night when your really hungry and nothing will do a better job, you sir/miss are correct. This was my first time here, coming with my girlfriend who was been here a multitude of times. As you enter it seems like it is a very small place, but of course on closer inspection it is a larger place, with a lot of random rooms in the back for what I would guess would be for accommodating more people. We were quickly sat down, no need to wait.

We were given our menus and time to scan through it to see what we would like, it was a large selection but still seemed like it was small for a Chinese joint. We ended up ordering 3 orders of bbq pork steam buns, house fried rice, some spicy sort of chicken thing, and a cup of soup each. While we waiting for our food I noticed a different menu and it was huge! So I grabbed it to check it out and it was the menu that they give to the Chinese customers. It kinda made me disappointed since I would have easily eaten chicken feet and beef tripe. Next time I am there I will  have to ask for the Chinese menu not the "American" one. 

All in all I really loved the taste of the food here, large portions that we both somehow were able to finish off! I would recommend this place and will take my friends here for late night Chinese.
Not sure why all the big dim sum places are 3-3.5 stars here in Vegas. Anyways...

I've been eating at Cathay house since I was a kid and I gotta say a lot has changed throughout the years. First big change was the shift of employees over to Chang's many years ago and now the big change in customer service. Back then, the food was so-so and the service even more "meh." Now, I'd have to say that Cathay House has the best dim sum in town! Food was not served cold and the same cart would come around my table at LEAST 3 times. The dim sum wasn't gross and greasy either, which is a big plus. All in all, the quality of food has improved a good amount.

However, what compels me to write this review is the major improvement in customer service. I came with a large party during lunch hours. It took a little long for us to get a table since we came during the peak hour. I noticed the back room was open and not all the tables were full, so I asked the hostess if we could just be seated there. THIS CLEVER WOMAN replies "I'm sorry, we only have two waiters working that room together and I don't want you to have bad service." It was such a perfect answer I couldn't argue back. After my dining experience, I was glad we waited the extra 5 minutes for a table to clear just so we would truly have customer satisfaction.

As of right now, Cathay House is my favorite dim sum place in town, mostly because of a recent bad experience at Chang's. However, PLEASE avoid Orchid Garden for dim sum. I noticed they have 3.5 stars right now on yelp, but please if you care about the people you are dining with, you should not support their business! Instead, come to Cathay House! :D
"Meh. I've experienced better." 
From the Cathay House of about 2 or 3 years ago, no less. I wonder what happened? Cathay House used to be a go-to for my friends and family, but somehow the overall quality has been declining, and this last visit made us realize that. 

The dishes now have simple, fundamental issues with them, like very thick dumpling skin that sticks to the dish, and vegetables that are not very fresh and crisp. The tea was clearly oversteeped. The highlight of the meal was actually the tripe, which was very clean and had great texture. Have prices creeped up over the years? We racked up a $70 bill for what didn't seem like very much food, especially in between all the limp veggies and half-filled dishes.

The service and cleanliness have also gone downhill; where I feel like Cathay House used to clearly be the nicest dim sum place in Chinatown, I can no longer say the same. While the servers are fairly patient and accommodating as usual, one of our party observed that some of kitchen staff don't perform the required hand wash after a bathroom visit, and that they were talking on their cellphones in the kitchen! I'm not sure what to think, between being disappointed, and being hopeful that Cathay would return to its former glory, but I do know that for the first time we'll be looking for a new dim sum place.
We hadn't eaten here for years but loved it back in the day.  We wanted dim sum and items off the menu.  It was not busy but the young man who seated us was clearly annoyed at something.  We gave him our water order and he mentioned to a table of employees counting out cash that we would need dim sum.  Had to ask the young man a 2nd time if someone would be coming by with the dim sum cart.  In full view of us the eyes rolled and a woman stopped counting cash with the other employees and without washing her hands (ugh) brought the cart by.  The cart came by a total of twice throughout the meal.  There was a noticeable amount of dust on all of the wood separating the booths. GROSS.  Our server was very good however as was our chow mein ordered off of the menu.  We will not be back.  If the owner/owners were on site they clearly do not concern themselves with cleanliness or customer service.  If they were not there they need to be.  Counting out cash at a table with patrons watching and waiting for food and then not washing hands?  Geez.
alright dim sum. nice and cheap though
Dim Sum give me some ! Love this place it is my place of choice for yumminess and the price is reasonable in comparison
Dim sum is awesome.
I've been coming here since I was a kid and it's so nice to be able to now bring my daughter. This is by far my favorite Dim Sum restaurant . And they always crack me up because every time I ask for something, they always say,...."later, later" hahaha.

I enjoy coming here on Sundays and try to come between 11a-12p because that's when you start getting more of a crowd so the food is always coming out fresh and hot. Oh and my new favorite addition to their menu is the mayonnaise shrimp, hmmmmm
When you walk in, there are different rooms to sit in and there was no wait when we got there around 11am.  I feel that all dim sum places taste the same. Everything tasted exactly how it was suppose to taste.  Service was super fast at first but then it go super crowded and service started to slow down.  The best thing that I ate here, and I am still craving, is the famous egg custard bun!  oMG it was the best thing I've eaten in a long time!  We had one order and of course, I had to order some to go!  It was a great dessert after being in the sun and pool!  Bill came out to about $80 for 5 people...not bad!

NOTE:
-just order the egg custard bun to go (YOU'LL WANT MORE!)
-One bathroom (kinda dirty)
Awesome food!  Dim sum is the best in town and I always look forward to stopping by for the food and at reasonable price.  There is always people here for Dim sum too...
Really reliable Chinese open late. We've been here about 4 times now and never disappointed. Love the wonton soup and dumplings.
Not to sure what has happened to this place. The staff is rude and the Dim Sum is cold and tasteless. You can get better Dim Sum in Salt Lake City, not a good sign.
Ok I think it's time that I write a review for Cathay House.

Here's the most important thing to know about this place
1.  Don't come for the ambiance
2. DO COME FOR THE FOOD!

Been coming to this place for a couple of years... My favorite dish here is the 
SOY SAUCE NOODLE!  Oh how I dream of you!
Simple: Egg noodle, sprouts, onions..... THAT's IT.. and yet OH SO GOOD!

DIMSUM - FANTASTIC
Starts at 10:30am.  SUGGESTION:  Don't get so much until about 11AM..
You mostly get all the steamed dumplings, chicken feet when they first open.  After 11AM... the rest comes out.  crispy pork, bbq pork (sliced or rib), chinese brocolli, fried shrimp, Fish...... 

And the best thing ever.... They are OPEN TILL ABOUT 4AM/5AM!!!!

After a night out in Las Vegas..
Sometimes... you just need some good asian food to soak up all the "fun stuff" you consumed that night!

ENJOY!
Cathay House is my "go to" place for group dinners any time I'm in Vegas.  I'm from the San Gabriel Valley in CA which is home of Chinese restaurants, and Cathy House is on par with the best of them. I admit that I've only gone for dinner, so can't comment on their dim sum.  Went there this past Saturday with a party of 8.  Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive, gave good recommendations for food, and had a great sense of humor.  He had all of us rolling on the floor.  Everyone walked out of there stuffed to the gills.  And....Cathay House is one of the few Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas (not in a hotel) that has a full bar.  Another big plus.

Definitely recommend!
This used to be our favorite dim sum place over the years.  For some reason , it s gotten worse and worse every time we go back the last 3 years.  Flavorless, cold and some are rotten.  The only thing that is worth mentioning are the dim sum carte ladies, they are helpful, friendly and pleasant.  There is this older manager  guy is extremely  rude. its very disturbing to see how he treats the dim sum ladies. We visited on  Sunday,  8th of September and it would be our last.
I was craving dim sum late night, and this was the only place that was open. Since I've been craving dim sum for a few months now, this place got lucky that I devoured everything in front of me. The bad news, I got food poisoning. I knew there was something wrong with the pork shumai when it reeked of bad pork and the cavier on top was still gooey on top, but I was beyond hungry and going through one of my cravings so I forged ahead. There is a limited dim sum menu for night time. Here is the breakdown: Edible and decent: sweet custard buns and shrimp balls. Reminiscent of dim sum: banana leaf sticky rice, shrimp potstickers and pork buns. Either bland or bad: pork shumai and shark fin potstickers. I heard there are much better places to go for dim sum in Vegas...so don't go here for it, unless it's really late and you are beyond crave monster status. FYI - I saw a family order 7 orders of fried rice...maybe that is what I should have ordered....
Still over priced for the dim sum offered. Service is still not the best but it's typical for these establishments.  The food is good, menu items also good not excellent and their homemade hot sauce is great for dim sum. Sometimes they run out and serve sambal. Tip: You have to be very assertive to get what you want.
Would not recommend. This place is extremely slow. I came with my family for my birthday and we ordered about 8 dishes and the dishes came out 1 by 1 like 10-15minutes at a time. At this rate I am able to pass my first serving by the time our whole order even gets here. They claim that it is really busy, I look around, plenty of empty tables. Sigh.
My family and I were pretty stoked for some boiling crab, but we didn't know it doesn't open until 3 on Fridays. We somehow made our way to Cathay house for some dim sum.

We got here around 130, it was pretty easy to get some seating. They had a bunch of carts going around so finding food was definitely not an issue, which was good because we were starving.

Service: not very many people to help us, but that was pretty unnecessary since we filled our table with food the second we say down.

What I liked: fried noodles, it was pretty basic. Didn't have too much taste but it was good enough for seconds
Shumai: pretty flavorful and very addicting
Shrimp gow: it's just a must if you're eating dim sum:

Let down: the duck. I was pretty excited and basically the only person at the table that wanted it. I think everyone else was right because I've definitely tried better 

Price: the price wasn't too bad. If you're from the bay and you're used to buying a bunch of dim sum for $10, don't come here because you'll probably be disappointed 

If I need a quick bite and I'm around the area, I would come here. It's not a place I would crave though.
I heard from the locals, this restaurant has been there FOREVER!!! 

Crowded even during weekdays. Wait time about 20 minutes. Dim Sum almost everyday. 

4 people, 11 dishes... after tax $46. And we walk out FULL & HAPPY!!!

Love dim sum because it is like tapa style, you can share the dishes with other and try many different dishes. 

Quality of the food, average. Service is fast. We are in & out within an hour.
This was my first time having dim sum and it was good. Everything was tasty. But left me feeling lazy, greasy, and heavy. This place probably uses msg in their dishes because we didn't order a lot.
It's DimSunday and here we are. I haven't been here in YEARS. It was a packed house and the carts were zoomin'. 
Everything was good here especially the pork shumai, and CRISPY PORK!!! AWWW YEAH! I spotted this first and was like GIMME SOME OF THAT!!! My fave!! It was babe's first time having the crispy pork skin like that and MMMM!! He loved it too!! I want some more!! I wanted some veggies in the mix too so got a plate of Chinese Broccoli and that was a great finish to our dim sum dining experience!
I have to give this place a 4 star as I'm a dim sum lover. The dim sums were always hot and fresh-especially their chicken feet. I like their chili oil the best. My bf especially can't get over it and tried to get their recipe every time we went  there. Other than dim sum their other dishes were quite impressive too. The beef mushroom w shacha sauce pot-yum! Still exploring new stuff will update soon as I tried more!
Have visited twice.  1st visit: Saturday midday for dim sum.- - Great variety, fresh food, good service.  Prices very reasonable.  2nd visit: late night on a Tuesday- - food still tasted fresh, loved the sizzling rice seafood soup.  I know I'll have a craving for that in the future.  To be honest this has been the only dim sum I've liked since moving to Las Vegas from L.A.  

Overall: I'll definitely be back.  It'd be awesome if they updated the decor then you'd consider coming here for special occasions.
service was ruder and even more unhelpful than the usual Chinese restaurant.
spicy salt squid was tasty but super rubbery.
tomato beef chow mein was pretty decent though.

but a skimpy scallop dish for $14.95... ?! and by skimpy, i mean only 4.5 scallops. i thought we ordered family style dishes, not kids meals. (yes, we counted)

and forced 18% gratuity... we wanted to tip them less for how pathetic our meal experience was there.
It's staff is better than the Orchid. The food is an array of dim sum.
The decor is typical. The quality is okay.
This is what I like to refer to as "stereotypical fare" the service was non existent. I was ignored when ordering tea and given attitude when asked what dishes were. Fortunately I knew what to order otherwise they never offered besides what they may had been trying to push off. This was during dim sum lunch around 1130 so I expected them to be ontop of it. 3 dead fish in the tanks floating around. What does that tell you? The ladies response from the front? We'll leave them til tomorrow for the fish purveyor to replace. Man.. That's amazing. Food was alright from what I ordered ( shu mai, BBQ pork, chow mein noodles, rock shrimp, gyoza ) but as another yelper stated some dishes can be quite oily.. All in all I would never return to Cathay house.
Nothing special - fairly decent service for a Chinese place, cheap dim sum, tasted average, and I didn't poop myself later.

But overall, dim sum in the middle of the damn desert was better than San Diego's meager offerings.

#shotsfired
This is the place to go for Dim Sum. During certain times they have carts that make rounds around the restaurant so you can just pick off what you want.

The food is pretty delicious. Every time I come here I'm not disappointed. My favorites are -- Shrimp wontons & shrimp balls. They serve it with a mayo dipping sauce that is to die for when combined! We also ordered crab in this ginger garlic sauce which had a lot of flavor. 

I gave them 3 stars because I could have taken a nap & the food would have not arrived yet! Even our wonton soup took forever to come out. We were starving! & today we had ordered deep fried chicken and they forgot it when we clearly ordered it. And funny thing was the waiter recited our order back to us after we had ordered our food. 

Overall, I'll come back here but probably will call to pick up food instead of dine in.
Decent place to get dim sum. I really enjoyed their pineapple buns and mini egg tarts. The have amazing soft buns and flaky pastry! They have a good selection of dishes as well. Some of their dishes are hit and miss, but for the most part not bad. Their beancurd tofu is really good though as it was smooth and not too sweet. Prices are very reasonable for what you get. Four of us adults ate till we were full and spent only about $50 total.
Something is just missing at this place compared to other dim sums I've had. Service was pushy to start. They kept rushing us to order when we were still waiting for our entire party to be seated. I liked the custard buns, shumai and duck. Don't waste your time or money on the lobster pasta. The lobster was good, but the noodles were bland and forgettable. Not a fan of them having to take the food to the back to be reheated before serving, either. I probably wouldn't go back, there are better places to have dim sum.
They microwaved our dim sum in front of us. Depressing. Nothing more to stay.
Items Selected:
XLB
Shu Mai
Steamed BBQ Pork Buns
Lobster Special with Ginger Noodles
Egg Custard Tarts
Baked Egg Buns
Baked BBQ Pork Buns
Crispy Garlic Smelt
Baked Coconut Buns
Crispy Duck
Sticky Pork Ribs
Shrimp and Crab Balls

Having found KJ Seafood and Dim Sum at the Rio a good value for high quality cart service as a packed dining room assured freshly circulating plates throughout our ninety minute stay it was with a group of five that I sat down at Spring Mountain staple Cathay House hoping to further dispel rumors of Sin City's subpar dim sum but with slipshod service and too few patrons even on Saturday at noon the results were, at best, mixed.  Starting at the door where hasty greetings lead us to the back room it would be less that thirty seconds after seating that the blitzkrieg began - baskets and steamers that had clearly been propped against the wall shoved in our faces with several selections requiring an unannounced trip to the kitchen microwave - and kicking off with a trio of steamed options it was only BBQ Pork buns that proved competent as rubbery XLB and Shu Mai skins undermined otherwise juicy contents.  Still frenetic in pace as a $16 lobster special with slippery noodles swimming in ginger found its way to the table alongside a trio of excellent baked pastries it would unfortunately not be long before these gems were lost amidst overly salted garlic smelt and a dry coconut sponge, the duo immediately leaving me parched  as beverage refills lagged.  Admittedly underwhelmed at this point but willing to go one more round it was at long last (actually only 40 minutes) that Cathay House would rally with a strong finish from a duo of kitchen fresh carts - the crispy duck, sticky pork ribs, and supple shrimp balls all piping hot and reference standard leaving me to wonder what could have been had everything else been delivered fresh.
This was only the second time I have been to Cathay House. I came for dim sum years ago and didn't have much of a desire to return but I couldn't resist giving them another chance recently.

We arrived around noon and they weren't too busy. I felt rushed to order, even though we kept telling them we wanted to wait for our entire party to be seated. We ordered hot tea and waters all around and then proceeded to order from the carts that came around. 

They pushed the ginger scallion lobster with pasta on us and although a good value at $15.99, it had to be reheated before they served it to us. The lobster was chewy and the noodles felt like total filler, didn't have much flavor and were overcooked. The highlights from our meal were the custard buns and crab balls. The ribs had to be reheated for us before serving which was a turn off.

The rest of the items we ordered weren't very memorable and I wouldn't recommend most, if any, of it. The coconut bun, egg custard, bbq pork buns and smelt were all completely forgettable.

Service was ok, although refills were a little hard to come by for our waters and tea. There are other dim sum places in town I prefer with fresher items, so I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
Every time I visit Vegas and have spare time to drive off the strip I will always hit up Cathay House for dim sum as service is fast, good selection,  good food, and if you go at the right time no lines.
I was craving some Dim sum and this place was in the area we were at. To be honest these place are all pretty much the same. It just comes down to the food and that's where this place delivers. Everything we tried we liked. I'm not an expert on dim sum so I cant comment on each dish individually. We really liked everything. The servers were really nice too. I've been to other places where the servers aren't friendly so that is a plus in my book. So give them a try.
Ventured off the Strip for dim sum at Cathay House around 2:15pm to avoid the lunch rush. 

Savory dim sum circulated on two steam carts. 
Cart 1: chicken feet, ha gow, steamed bbq pork buns, and rice roll. 
Cart 2: steamed black bean spareribs, siu mai, salty egg yolk bun.
One more cart offered do hua (tofu pudding with ginger syrup). 

Didn't see a fried items/dessert items cart, but we were able to order shrimp stuffed bell pepper, crab claws in shrimp paste, and turnip cakes from a waiter. The restaurant was out of fried taro with pork/mushroom filling (my favorite). All of the items were fine, but no real standouts. 

Service was prompt and accommodating.
If you like Dim Sum you must only go here for lunch. Reason; that's when the
 Dim Sum is prepared fresh and brought out for you to choose.

If you go there after 5, and order Dim Sum, it's going to be the old Chinese saying;

"We reheat it, when you want to eat it".

It won't be fresh.

On the positive side, they are open very late night, like till 6am, so you can take the gang for late night, However, order something they can't reheat.
The food was good but everything except for the shrimp balls were cold. There are better dim sum here in Las Vegas
Wow I was there a few weeks ago and I didn't feel too well after.   This explains why.

http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Cathay-House-in-Chinatown-261931831.html?lc=Smart
Dirty Dinning....enough said
Go To: DIRTY DINING: Cathay House in Chinatown.

This report will make you SICK, Please view first.

The Health Dept. should have the Food & Beverage permit cards revoked from the employees or personally fine them for the violations too. This is an incentive for the restaurant and the employees to do their job responsibly. duh.
Disgusting! I think the health board shut them down for being infested with roaches and mold they also found slime and maggots on the cutting boards. This is not surprising as I was taken on a business lunch here a few months ago and a baby roach came off of one of the plates and was crawling around on the table! When we called the manager over he said it was a bug from outside and that they can't help that. Yeah not cool. obviously where there is one baby there is 1000 more. Sick sick sick.  They will re-open and still be disgusting.
Food was delish! Loved every last bite of my fine dinner. Sadly I read everyone's reviews and see why they would get a bad rating...but not because of the food....the dinning area is really dated and needs improvement.
I have lived in Hong Kong and Singapore (two years each) and I still travel to Asia frequently.  I think the Great Wall is the most authentic and best tasting Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  It is a popular place for wedding banquets among the Chinese community of PHX, and can get quite loud when one of those events is taking place.  As with most Chinese restaurants, the best meals are on the Chinese menu, not the English menu.  A freind who reads Chinese turned us on to the set meal #1 on the Chinese menu, which is what we order almost every time we go there now!  It is very reasonably priced and with a famly of 4 you will probably be taking some of it home.
The Great Wall was my first dim sum experience, making me what you might call a tableau rosa*.  Since I know nothing about dim sum, all I can do is share my overall general biased by my own narrow existence perception of the place.  So here it goes.  As usual, Mr. K has accurately described and captured the essence of this restaurant in his review, so there's that.  Read his review.  What I can add is this.  The food all tasted good to me.  The atmosphere was fun and lively.  The demo is certainly nothing like any place I've ever been to in Phoenix, so those who decry the lack of diversity in this town, perhaps you just need to expand your horizons to include Great Wall into your rotation. And I would go back.  I have to get on the HIGHWAY to drive here, so that is saying a lot.  For those of you who are directionally challenged, it's the first shopping plaza on the east side of 35th Avenue, just north of Camelback.    

*It's been years and years and years since high school English.  For some reason I think this means "blank slate."  If not strike "tableau rosa" and insert "blank slate" above.
Consider this a 3+ or a 4- for me.

Its in a very unappealing strip mall.
Interior is sparse and ball-room / banquet hall like.
Bathroom was very clean and nicely remodeled (Surprisingly nice).

Initial service was slow.  10 minutes before we spoke with anyone.
We were certainly among only a handful of non-chinese speakers and some of the employees tended to avoid us because of the language problem.

Had only a few different Dim-Sum plates.  A few bun things that were ok (sparse filling).  A few egg rolls (Shrimp only and my dining partner doesn't like exoskeletal creatures).  Shumai were tasty.

Then for a change we ordered Veggie Fried Rice.   This was definitely a 4+ on the Yelp scale.  

Would I go again?  yes, probably maybe.
Best to go with a group of 4+ for more options.
I've gone to Great Wall for years. But the best thing that impressed me lately? Going there for Dim Sum at 12PM on a Sunday with a party of 8. We were seated INSTANTLY despite the huge line outside. Why? My family has serious connections! It's like the Asian mafia of food. 

The Dim Sum dishes are good. Not too greasy. Baked Egg Custard Buns make me drool. Everything else is great too. They have a huge selection served in carts.

The dinner menu is very good too. Live seafood. Lots of servings. Family style.

If you come here, be sure to bring a big group. You will leave full and happy! As for the pricing, I can't comment on that. My Asian Mafioso mom usually fronts the bill.
After having eaten at Golden Buddha, China King, C-Fu, and China Chan, I have to say that Great Wall is probably the best place to get dimsum in the Valley.   China Chan comes a close second with better har gau and egg tarts.

The Chinese New Year special dimsum - pig trotters with black moss - was delicious.  Apparently it's super labor intensive so is only offered for a limited time.  The shiu mai, steamed tripe and spare ribs were cooked and seasoned just right.  The taro puff had great taro flavor and tasty filling with only a hint of oil.

The har gau skin unfortunately fell apart and the egg tart crust was not as flaky as China Chan's.  Overall, the flavors were good, fresh and a nice variety to choose from.
I've gone to the Great Wall twice in the past few weeks and both times were fun, crazy, and memorable. We went on Sunday within the 10am hour and we were sat almost immediately and were rolling our chopsticks within 10 minutes. If you're one for new experiences and can tolerate a little disorganization then you will be just fine. Don't expect to be catered to because this place can be a free for all once the crowds kick in (11:30am) . You gotta be quick with what you want and don't stand around asking the cart staff in-depth questions like What's that?, What's in that?, and is that spicy? Be quick, look, and nod because you are holding up the line for the rest of us! Because Me soo hungry!

Don't be startled by the slowly moving cart with the 2 foot mound of noodles making its way through the eagerly awaiting crowd. Oh and yes, you will see Chicken Feet, lots of them. However, if you're not that adventurous then there are plenty of other treats to chose from. Just throw caution and pretense to the wind, dive in and enjoy! 

Unfortunately I am not able to make any specific reccommendations because I don't know how to spell or pronounce most of the items on the carts... Sorry!
best  Dim Sum in Phoenix, Arizona
I think when you have great company to go along with great food, those calories don't count. Right? Well, that's how I'm looking at things today because Great Wall not only made my tummy very happy, but I'm graciously looking forward to going back again soon to mack on their delish cuisine.

Robert M and I met some of his coworkers there this morning at 10:30 and were treated to some of the best and most affordable dim sum in Phx. Like, San Francisco good and affordable. I won't pretend to know the names of much that we ate but I can tell you everything was mighty fine. And the four of us were stuffed by the time we stopped eating and for $14.07 a person. Somebody hit me!
Had a great Saturday brunch here.  The food is quite good  and they have all the regular dim sum fare as well as fish for the cantonese banquets. 
Portions are relatively large compared to other dim sum places, eg pineapple buns are 3 to a dish and large, similar to bakery size.  Chow mein is given on heaping 6 inch high mounds.  Har gow, siu mai are good.  The salt pepper squid looked good.  Sesame balls were excellent and had mung bean fillings.  Phoenix claws were also excellent.  
Overall, this was a very good place to take family to.  
Now, compared to California dim sum places this would only be an average place but because I don't have to drive six hours to California and the quality is good, I give this place 4 stars.  Prices are excellent and actually cheaper than many other dim sum places.  Excellent value and great portions will fill up any large family.
Xie has no clue what they are talking about. 

Great wall is a great place and is used by many chinese for weddings. I mostly go there with family and enjoy large meals (sorry dim sum people) we have always enjoyed the great food and good wait staff. the only problem i really have is.... the menu... the American menu is small, really look a the Chinese menu its huge and things most people will never know about try the shrimp and walnut in mayonase sause and the scalups and green beans with exo sauce (i'm probably spelling those sauces wrong)
Anytime I am in Phoenix to visit relatives...they take me here. It seems like its the best dim sum place they have in the scorching hot Phoenix. Dim sum is good..but not the greatest.
I must have gone on a bad day .....

Shortly after walking in, we were seated but no one came to take our drink order for at least 10 minutes and then it was only because we said something to a waiter walking by.  The Dim Sum selection was very small and the quality just wasn't that good.  

Who charges for refills on a fountain drink anymore?

They did have a shrimp/crab egg roll that was real good!

I think you will find me at C-Fu Gourmet from now on.
Ever since I started getting daily e-mails from my bureaucratic overlords reminding me of the impending layoffs, unpaid furloughs and "department consolidations" I have to look forward to, I've been cutting back on going out and actually enjoying myself. Mostly because they cut all my hours and I still need to find a way to pay my therapist.

So for the last week or so it's (haha, proper use of the apostrophe, bitches) been ramen noodles, rice, ramen noodles, peanut butter, and ramen noodles. 

I've been trying to make the most of it. I look up ramen recipes on the internet. I make aesthetically pleasing bentos out of them. I even put pictures of my lunch on my livejournal, perhaps to maintain the illusion that I'm "challenging myself" rather than desperately clinging to the edge of poverty.

Alas, no how I try to psyche myself, there is no pick me up for the buzz kill one experiences when eating 15 cent noodles in front of your computer when your stomach and smug sense of culture are screaming for something...more...

Like dim sum. Like Great Wall's dim sum.

This morning I was stewing another batch of "failure food" when the insane craving for dim sum hit me like homosexual tendencies striking a fundamentalist preacher giving a sermon on how G*d hates Rastafarians.

On the outside, Great Wall looks like another two-bit strip mall attraction. You know, like all the stores next to it. But inside it's like the dining room of Hotel Awesome, where somewhat discontent-looking servers push around carts of delicious and deliver plates of FUCK YEAH to your table where you and your party can divvy them up/fight over them. Whatever fits your interpretation of Darwinism.

To be honest I'm surprised more people don't fight over the food.

For a mound of their delicious lo mein I would probably break a chair over someone's face. 

For a plate of their pork buns I would falcon punch someone in front of their kids.

This may seem a little aggressive...but it can be a fucking battle royale in there.

Especially when you don't have anyone in your party who speaks the language.

"Uh, yes, I'll take some of that, no, that, yes the thing with the shrimp in it. Oh, and some of that, too. No. To the right. Yes. Oh shit, where'd our ticket go?"

I remember watching a Muppet Babies episode once where the children were eating gruel or something and they suggested trying to imagine it as something tastier.

I tried that. It's a lot harder than it looks.

You swirl those nickel-and-dime noodles around on your fork and you try to imagine crab puffs or plates of peppered shrimp or mango pudding.

You try to imagine being surrounded by all your friends, plus some people you've just met, plus a whole restaurant of people speaking in their cafeteria voices (i.e. screaming at the top of their lungs).

And then you open your eyes and take a bite.

And you realize that you're alone in front of your computer screen with a mouth full of chopstick because in your daydreaming you drop your ramen all over yourself. 

Fuck.

I would crash a mini-motorcycle into someone's groin right now for a plate of their lumpia or shrimp dumplings.

Dammit.

Does anyone need someone to paint their nails and take them out shopping? 

I can't keep living like this.
I've been to china town in california and in new york everyone. Great wall is still the best chinese that I've ever tasted! 

I actually give 5 stars for the food. But minusing one star because of service.

Hey  but people who have usually been to china town or any authentic chinese restaurant should know that service is always going to be bad. They don't mean to be that way. That's just what they are used to. LOL 

So just go for the food. It's worth it.

Oh and I will add, that the have the best dim sum in the valley.
I am by no means any expert on Dim Sum... in fact, my first experience was at Great Wall! 
I enjoyed it so much, though, that I went back the next time I was in town. 
They have a wide variety of dishes to choose from. And I must admit that it would be helpful to go with an experienced 'Dim-Sum-er' because some of the dishes can be intimidating!
I don't eat any meat except fish, and they had plenty of delish options for me. The broccoli, noodle, tofu, and sesame balls are by far my favorites. 
They can get really crowded, as both times I was there (Saturday and Sunday), they were packed. Plenty of parking in the lot, though.
The inside is massive and nicely decorated. I never made a trip to the restroom, but I did hear that they are very nice too. :-P
Each time I've been there, all 4 of usl left completely stuffed, and we each spent about $12 for the food we shared.
This is as good as it gets for the Phoenix Valley, Brings authentic feel, with its service, design and especially food. Treat your self to Chinese food they way it should be prepared.  

Menu is very large and has authentic dishes so bring a friend with knowledge.

By service I mean you feel like your at a Chinese restaurant the staff is not there to make you feel like fine dinning. I mean they don't speak a lot of English and are fast to serve but fast to vanish.  

Sat and Sunday treat your self to dim sum. This is "a touch of heart" eating a very traditional Chinese style eating.  Dishes are brought out in small quantities of delight.
I give Great Wall three stars because of the obnoxious service I tend to experience when I'm there. Some of the staff are super nice, some are are just plain rude. Otherwise, Great wall is about the only Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant that I could tolerate in Arizona. I'm an extremely picky eater and coming from San Diego, I must say that this restaurant didn't disappoint me. It's busy every time I'm there, what I like the most about it is the quality is consistent. The Dim Sum is mediocre, it seems as though they add too much MSG nowadays. 

My favorite entrees so far,

- Shrimp fried rice
- Roasted  duck
- Orange Chicken
- Walnut shrimp
- Fried tofu
I'm disappointed to report that dinner last night was underwhelming. Maybe the time to go is for Dim Sum.

Pros: *a huge dining space
           *a huge menu
           *a good selection of vegetarian options
           *Pepsi products, including Mt. Dew

Cons: *fish tanks with dead or dying seafood (isn't the point to keep     them alive?) I nearly squealed when I saw they had geoduck, which I have always wanted to try, but then was repulsed when I saw the glazed eyes of the red fish all around them in the same tank.
            *too many servers for each customer. I think we had a different person bring us each item. Doesn't this add to the confusion when there is already a language barrier? There were several errors made (I was brought the wrong entree, they forgot our soup, etc.).

I know we'll try Great Wall again, and here's hoping that someday, some restaurant can replace our beloved Big Wong. Maybe Great Wall will grow on us...
Meh.  Just meh.  OK - maybe Dim Sum is something special, but random Tuesday night menu fare is not so good.  We spent way too much money for awfully bland food.  I mean, it wasn't BAD, it just wasn't great.  I can say we won't be going back to order off the menu...  I may give it another try for Dim Sum.  Maybe.
Disappointing.  Some of the food that should have been served hot was actually cold and must have been sitting in the cart for too long.  Would not go back again.
My dad and I decided to try Great Wall because he had heard many reviews about the place and everyone insisted that you had to come try the Dim Sum.  Since I was in town visiting, it gave us the perfect excuse to go.

I'm happy to report that the experience was most excellent at Great Wall and that it lived up to the hype.  Upon getting there, we were given a number to wait as the restaurant was completely full, there were probably 150+ people there dining, however, we were seated within 15 minutes.  As soon as we  sat down, the carts started rolling by with various plates of items to try.

The pancake, shu mai, shrimp, duck, and sliced beef inside a wrapper are highly recommended, all were excellent.  I did have a bit of trouble taking the shrimp out of the steam container because their rice wrappers were sticking a bit, but that does happen.

I would advise that if you have an allergy to shrimp that you make sure to ask the server what is in some of the items because they do come with shrimp, including their egg rolls.  Since my dad has a shrimp allergy we did have to watch for that.  I did want to try their egg rolls but I would have been the only one eating them, and they were big enough to make a meal in itself.

The sliced duck was one of the best I have had at a restaurant, well cooked with crispy tasty skin, and not too many bones to get in the way, and very reasonably priced at $6.25 for a plate.  Most other Dim Sum plates are $2.25 or $3.15 so you can end up eating a lot for a very reasonable price.

If you love Dim Sum and are willing to wait a few minutes for a table, but you will get fast service afterward, this really is the place you want to go to.  There are still so many more dishes to try as well, but that will be for another trip.
Well I went to try the wall and feel like I got hit with it. I did not go for the dim sum. Not a huge fan of dim sum. We went to have something on the regular menu. The restaurant is huge. It was busy the entire time we were there. Many of the patrons were Asian which in my opinion is always a very good sign when dinning in an oriental restaurant. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I think we had 5 different people serving us. 

I went to try the walnut shrimp with mayonnaise. Some call it crystal shrimp others mayonnaise shrimp. One of my fellow yelpers had mentioned it was her favorite here. So I had to try it out. Well it was ok, the walnuts were odd almost praline. The shrimp seemed on the verge of being undercooked and a couple of the shrimp were not cleaned well. That just stopped me in my tracks and I couldn't finish. I guess I have been spoiled by my beloved Gina (Big Wong) her walnut shrimp with mayonnaise was incredible! 

We also tried the fried rice and was not impressed here either it was very bland no flavor at all. They served a mountain of it but it just didn't have any taste to it. The egg rolls were crisp yet greasy, they were small and the inside was mush almost liquefied. My friend experienced the same problem with her dish under seasoned. 

It was a little like dinning in an Asian old folk's home; you know no salt everything bland, edible just not appetizing. : ) I really wanted to like this place. I will not be back.
Best dim sum in the valley.
My friend took me to Great Wall last night. I read few reviews on Yelp when I got there. Krestin B's review worried me a bit, but oh well, I was already there. 

Big place. We sat in the corner away from big party. (Asians could get loud sometimes when they are in group...) I noticed the fish tank in the back. Didn't go back there to take a close look, but they seemed to be all swimming ;p

My friend ordered BBQ Pork right away. Crispy and yummy. Little bit on the salty side. First lady that came to our table for drink did not speak any English. I wish I had paid more attention in Chinese class... Anyways, we ordered Sizzling mixed seafood, spicy eggplant, and hot and sour soup.  

Right after we ordered, I saw a man grabbing fish from a tank. mmmm, live fish... Can't get any fresher than that. Soup came out first, of course. Very good. Just the right amount of spicy and lots of chunks (veggies) in it. Even though I wanted to eat the whole bowl, I only had 1 cup, so I can eat the rest to come. Here comes Eggplant. To be honest, I didn't know he had ordered it til it came out. Love the sauce. Eggplant was crisp on the outside, yet nice and mushy on the inside. Brown sauce was very tasty. When I had few bites of eggplant, Sizzling seafood plate came out. It was sizzling ;p Seafood with white sauce. Again, sauce was excellent. Squid was little over cooked. Very tough and chewy. Broccoli and snow peas weren't over-cooked so it was crunchy. I liked the sauce so much I took leftover sauce home with rice... 

After we were done stuffing ourselves, check and fortune cookie came out. My friend asked for a orange instead. I was told by my friend that if you're not an asian, you don't get oranges. They said it was too sour for American taste buds. We got them anyway ;p

I can see why Krestin B said it was blend. It was flavored towards Asian taste. The real Asian food is not supposed to be very seasoned. You go to Panda express and they salt the crap out of your food, that's called Americanized. Asian foods are very mild in flavor. I hate to serve something and they drench in soy sauce. 

Anyways, don't forget to ask for oranges if they don't give it to you.
Great dim sum with all the classic favorites from ha gua to duck feet.  The place is huge so the wait isn't bad.  The servers are also really nice which is hard to come by.  For Chinese restaruants, they usually have good food and bad service or bad food and good service.  Great Wall has both.
What a treat to have such good dim sum.  The variety is great, the food is tasty and reasonable in price.  We were in Hong Kong last year and they have stopped serving from carts.  It's nice to see that the tradition has not been lost in the US.  Stand out items would include any of the dumplings.  I would avoid the congee though.  Usually restaurant congee is fantastic, this was the same as you can make at home.

I'm normally a taco shop only kind of guy when I go home to Arizona, but I would definitely spend some calories here.
I've been to both the evening, regular service, and the mid-day dim sum.  Visited 3 times in total and was never disappointed!  The food is excellent, quality Chinese food and not just decent fast-food-esque Chinese.  Dim sum is also very cheap -for $20, 3 of us had plenty to eat and even took home leftovers.

The only possible downsides are that the dim sum is not a place for vegetarians.  Also, an Asian friend of mine was a little bothered that all the servers directed their questions to her and kind of ignored me and another white girl.  I blew it off because that was par for the course in Japan and I'm used to it.  It's not worth fussing about when the food is so good. :)
Great Dim Sum!! It's very popular and my wife and I find it THE PLACE to be after early church on Sunday. There are so many dishes that it's hard to find a favorite. The do serve noodles and rice is a rarity, if at all. We come every Sunday. Great food!! Try the chrysanthemum tea which is next to impossible to find anywhere else.  You have to ask for it though or else you'll get the standard jasmine tea.  Otherwise just sit back and enjoy
We came here on a Sunday morning on recommendation from the waitresses at Asian Hong Kong restaurant. This place was a ZOO!! I'm used to seeing big crowds outside of dim sum restaurants but this place was SO unorganized and chaotic. There were 4 of us and we agreed to share a big table with another group of 4 to cut down on the wait time. After being seated for over 20 minutes and not one waiter coming by to take our tea order, my mom had to chase on down near the back of the restaurant.

The tea was too strong but most of the food was good. The haw gow (steamed shrimp dumplings), spare ribs with black bean sauce, jook (rice porridge), nor mi gai (ti leaf wrapped rice with chicken), and taro crisps were all good. The disappoints came from the sweet sesame balls and don tot (egg custard tarts) which we had to chase down a waiter again to procure.

Overall, I'd say give this place a try but perhaps during the week to avoid this chaos.
I decided to grab dim sum after I watched Bizarre on the food channel and Andrew was in China eating all these delicious Chinese dim sim. Typically, I go to Golden Buddha in the Chinese Cultural center, but I was recommended that Great Wall has better dim sum. 

Please keep in mind that I admit, I went during the end of the rush (1:00pm) on a Sunday so I had appropriate expectations. However, there was only 2 carts going around trying to sell their leftovers from the rush and was really disappointed. We ordered the chicken feet, pork bun, hak-kwah, bok choy and it was just okay. In fact, I would have to say it was quite bland and the sauce on some of the dishes were salty and tasteless. The chicken feet I usually get is cut into pieces and not battered but the way they served it at the Great Wall, compromised my gag reflex. I am not one to be shy of eating different parts of animals, in fact ox tail is one of my favorite meat but my stomach could not handle their chicken feet. 

I would assume we would have received better service and tastier food if we had gotten there a little earlier but I think I am going to stick with my usual place. Flagging the carts down continuously was a little more stressful than what I want when eating dim sum.
I might be bias but it's only coz my family and I have been regulars at the Chinese dim sum joint since the late 90s. At one time it was Great Wall vs C-Fu in Chandler and now with the emergence of more Asian power centres, as well as an influx of Asians into the city, there are more dim sum places like Phoenix Palace by Lee Lee, Golden Buddha in the Cofco Center, China King in Chandler, and China Chan up north. 

This place in my opinion is pretty good, and cheap. You just have to know when to go. The best time is at 11 on Sunday. Anytime after that expect a long wait, and before that (dim sum begins at 10a) it's ok but all the good stuff and most popular items and specials come out at around 11:30 in time for the rush. If you come in after 1. Expect alot of popular stuff gone =( . I'm partial to this place because my family has developed a good relationship with the servers at this place. We're not the typical dim sum diners since we also order certain items from the menu in addition to dim sum. I like their beef chow fun w/o gravy or the seafood chow fun with gravy but no fish. The salt and pepper squid is decent, and totally not a fan of the Chinese Brocolli with oyster sauce on the carts so we order the Chinese Brocolli with garlic sauce, much better and way yum! We also order a la carte so we can get rice with our meal because rice with your dim sum makes it better. Oh, and if you order roast pork, order it off the menu and not on the cart, it's a better cut and less fatty. And that calamari on the cart is not the same as the salt and pepper squid. 

So when I'm craving some shu mai, char siu pao, bbq pork buns, steamed bean curd, and sugar cake, i head over to Great Wall for sunday brunch... and love the endless refills of jasmine tea! see ya at Great Wall!
Maybe it's a medical student thing, but I've been hearing about dim sum at Great Wall since shortly after I started school here in AZ.  This was my first experience with it and, after all I heard, I wasn't unimpressed.  When you show up somewhere on an off night and there's still a wait of around 20 minutes, you know that something delicious is inside.

From the moment my group and I were seated at one of the huge round tables inside, foodstuffs of all sorts kept appearing on our table.  I have almost no recollection of the various things my palate was treated to during the course of that meal, but I know I enjoyed pretty much everything on the carts that we pointed to and said "I'll try that".

So why only 3 stars?  The biggest reason was simply that I felt it wasn't worth what was paid for it.  There were 5 people at our table, true, but I still remember looking at the bill and wondering just how expensive each of those little tins were.  On top of that, nothing stood out as at all noteworthy.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was strikingly good either.  It was a big filling meal of better-than-generic asian cuisine.

Worth going to again, but I'm not running.
I'm surprised to see this got only 30-something reviews.  Well at any rate, this is probably the best Chinese spot in Phoenix as many people flock over here from all over the Valley.  This place has been open for many, many years!

Both Dinner and Dim Sum time gets super busy.  So as a fellow Asian, I recommend.
THE dim sum place of the West side.  Also where most (especially traditional) Asians will hold their wedding or celebratory banquets, due to size and well liked food.
Oh how I love Dim Sum!  If you feel the same I would recommend you folks attend Great Wall.   It's hard to find good Dim Sum around the valley, but I believe Great Wall is definitely one of those gem of a place we should appreciate for Dim Sum.  Decor is your typical large Chinese restaurant look - red, gleamy gold and x-mas lights here and there.  Don't forget the fish tank too; no! it's not a decoration, you pick a fish and they cook it!  You know a good Chinese restaurant for Dim Sum when you go and you feel like you're in Chinatown - Enjoy!
I have enjoyed the restaurant for many years. It has been consistent. Dim Sum is delicious and dinner is great. But I'm from southern California. So comparison can be deadly.

The authenticity is definitely much better than Golden Buddha in quality by a thousand miles. The service is much better than C-Fu, and there is no service charge. There are no surprises and I like it. I have a few dinner gatherings here and I hear no complaint but the desire to return.

It can get busy during dim sum time, like weekends. I have seen small crowd still waiting by 1 PM. We've waited for 10 min at 11 AM recently.

I always try Har Gaw skin/rice crepe, chicken feet, and egg tart crust to determine the chef's expertise. They pass.

Diner enjoy... a little of dimth and sum more... and they offer coconut pudding. Yummy.
My husband and I have eaten at great dim sum restaurants in San Fran and even great chinese eateries around the country but Great Wall is definitely a place that should not be looked over in the greater Phoenix area. The place it ALWAYS jam packed for dim sum on the weekends so don't be surprised if you have to wait a while for a table, but well worth the wait for sure. 

Last night we decided to try their regular menu and we were not at all disappointed! We actually have the dinner for 2: 1 egg roll and crab puff per person, wonton soup (a HUGE bowl with the best wontons i've ever had!), sweet and sour pork, chicken chow mein (again my husband and I both agreed this was the best chow mein we had ever eaten) and Fried Rice. It was BEYOND enough food for 2 people and was $9/person :) Everything that came out of the kitchen looked delicious...it won't be the last time with go there for dinner....though we LOVE the dim sum too:)
Let me start off by saying that "Oriental" does not pertain to people so, unless you want to get punched in the face, I suggest you refrain from using that word. Secondly, if you plan on visiting an authentic Chinese restaurant, expect them to speak very little English. It's no different than if you were to visit a Mexican restaurant and most everyone can only speak Spanish; it's a given.

With that said, the food here is the best it can get in the Metro Phoenix area for the price. I've been to other dim sum places in Chandler and they never compare to Great Wall. We go here at least once a week to get our shu mai fix and we make sure to bring friends along. Today, there were eight of us and we spent $40 (that's $5 per person for the mathematically challenged). 

Make sure to order a few shu mai (shrimp/pork dumpling), har gao (shrimp dumpling) and rice cake before they get snagged by other hungry patrons. They also have the best custard buns around.
Came here for dinner on a weeknight. My brother in law just returned from a trip to China, and said that the food here was very reminiscent of the food served in China. Everyone was stuffed, it was so delicious! Thanks yelp, for leading us to another great find!
1. Get there by 10am on Sundays!
2. Seaweed Salad is awesome!
3. Order the oolong tea with the meal, your tummy will thank you.
4. Shrimp dumplings, roasted pork, congee, bbq sweet buns, the shrimp and leek rolls ...all awesome
5. Feeling adventurous...chicken feet, tripe, warm tofu with sugar syrup..
Very tasty, authentic dim sum restaurant
Kinda like tapas with small dishes
Steam push carts are wheeled around the restaurant
You point to what you like to have placed on ur table
Bad, old decor. Was afraid to go ladies room but was clean.
Even worse customer service, almost nonexistent

The steam push cart ladies were nice but no English or Chinese
Apparantly some are other ethnicity
If on budget, to feel full those little dishes add up. 

Visited with family of 8 towards end of a busy wkend brunch 
We are seriously easy to serve ppl
We were constantly looking around the huge dining rm for service.
We had to ask several times to different ppl for tea refills, condiments.
So frustrating I was losing my temper on a nice brunch w family.
.
If you really dont mind, super bad service, 
then the food is good.
Well lets just say I'm not impressed and I will go back one more time to try dim sum, but so far this place has pretty average food and mostly tastes like it comes out of a mix. The dinning room is large and utilitarian but not very fancy but that don't make food good either LOL. Portions are small and the rice is inedible and not very tasty.  Service was poor and infrequent. All in all I do not recommend this place
1st visit to Great Wall - a friend who owned a restaurant in Shenzhen took me there - he's fluent in the language; i'm not.  He did the ordering, all I remember is the clams w/black bean sauce was great.
Next 10 visits to Great Wall - all for dim sum.  Agreed need to get there before 11:30 on Saturdays and 10AM on Sundays.  But don't go too late; food isn't as good as the morning.  Always need my "stretchy" pants (really don't own stretchy pants).  I always have to eat with a rice bowl; that's how I grew up in our family.  All the dumplings are fantastic, chicken feet is good, BBQ pork buns are great, egg custard, chinese vegetable all great, eggplant with shrimp (be sure it's hot) same with green pepper with shrimp.  Wow, need to go back soon!!!
I think I have a discerning taste for dimsum being Asian and all so it's hard to find a really good dimsum place in Phoenix.  A friend recommended this place and it's pretty decent.  I can't say it's the best I ever had but I'd say pretty decent for Phoenix standards.  The only place I have to compare this place to though is the Golden Buddah @ the Chinese Cultural Center and I'd say Great Wall is definitely better.  

We got there at 10am and were seated immediately.  However, they didn't have all the selections out until close to when we left, around 10:45.  It was disappointing but the foods we did have were good.
Got there at 11am on a Sunday, it was packed to the gills. WOW! I should have listened to Michele M. We ordered shrimp dumplings, roasted pork, bbq steamed buns, turnip cakes, shrimp egg rolls, chicken feet, spare ribs, steam sticky rice with meats, fried tofu, egg tarts, etc... Everything was good. This is the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.
A very good place to go for dimsum.
I think the dim sum was pretty good but their service was alright.  for some reason they seemed pissed off when they were pushing the dim sum cart.....
I came here for dim sum on a Thursday at around 1 pm just recently.  Thursdays are not typical days for dim sum and 1 pm is pretty late to start dim sum, so I figured it would not be too busy.  However, I was wrong.  There were a good amount of people either finishing up their meals or coming into have a late lunch.  A good sign, I thought, given the location of this place.  It is located in a small run down strip mall in Phoenix, somewhat "out of the way."  I didn't see much else around besides the strip mall and a Fresh and Easy. 

The dim sum was comprable to China King's.   But I think I have a slight preference for China King's dim sum and China King is slightly less expensive in comparison.  Definitely better in quality and freshness compared to Golden Buddha.

I cannot say anything about any of their non dim sum dishes, but they seem to be quite popular for a particular clam dish in a dark brown (perhaps oyster) sauce.  Looking around, many of the diners had ordered this dish and were thoroughly enjoying it.  Maybe an option for my next visit.  

All in all, I will say this is one of the best places for dim sum in AZ that I have visited so far, along with China King.
Went for dim sum and enjoyed it immensely.  The worst thing about it was the wait staff wasn't very attentive and didn't do much except refill the cups when they noticed they were low (which wasn't very often).  The dim sum was plentiful and there was a lot of variety - however, unless you watch for the carts that just came out of the kitchen and only order off that one there's a good chance you'll get lukewarm or cold food.  I couldn't eat the ice cold duck and ended up taking it home and microwaving it later.  If they would just work on the heat issue and the wait staff, I think they have a shot with the city slickers.  ;)
I'm back. I met up with a good friend there for Dim Sum lunch on Monday.

I'm still impressed with the simple pleasure in life. It's still better than Golden Buddha and C-Fu Gourmet. The clients were still mostly Asians. Thank Buddha. The price was still higher than those in southern CA, $2.39 for a small dish.

So diners, it's still the best choice of dim sum for me in Arizona.
This place is old school.  i.e. you don't come here for the service, or the ambiance (especially since it's in a scary part of town).  You come for the food.  Come with a group of friends, whether for dim sum or a late night dinner.  You need a group of people, I hate coming here when its just mean and three others.  I like to taste and sample lots of goodies.  They have great live seafood (a must in my book) where you can walk by and see what looks good that day.  Be brave and check it out!
This must be a dim sum hot spot because we had to wait 20 minutes or more for a table.  I was weary after stepping in to this dingy place but the crowds of Asians reassured me that it must be ok.
The carts were few and far between. I wasn't impressed. Maybe I was so hungry and crabby by the time we got seated.  Who knows? 
Nothing stood out as great or horrible.  So, take your chances and try their dim sums.
Not the best dim sum in the world but pretty good and reasonably priced ($7 per person for 4 with hungry eaters at lunch). If you go at "awkward" times they sometimes will only be able to serve steamed items but the myriad choices are fun to share for picky eaters and the adventurous alike. Love the chicken feet and some sort of shrimp dumplings!
I've been eating here for so many years that I have lived in AZ. It's the spot to go to when I feel like having some dim sum and chinese food, also since the place is 5 minutes from my home ^_^. The waiters there are also very nice and funny. 
I have been to other dim sum places in AZ, and I still feel this is the best in AZ. They have the best chicken feet, which is very soft.  Must also try their ba'nh uot w/shrimp. There are weekend where dim sum can be very busy, so gotta come early and take a number if you don't want to wait long. 
As for the chinese dishes, I recommend the pepper steak, the meat is very tender and chewy. Their shrimps with cashew are also very good.
Great Wall is the only place to have dim sum in Phoenix now. We've been coming to Great Wall for dim sum since I was a wee lil girl. Back then, there was another place to go to which I favored more, but is now closed. The food here is decent, but definitely not the best. I'm not sure if its because I've been spoiled by Vegas' dim sum, but everything just didn't have flavor. I think the best way to go is to order take out, that way you don't have to wait for a cart to pass you by just to find out that they don't have the turnip cake you were looking for or the sesame balls. We ordered to go this time since it was easier for everyone to just eat at my Grandma's. It was ready by the time we got there. Overall, the food is ok, but I guess for the only dim sum joint in Phoenix, it's pretty dang great.
I had an old review. I'm gonna update the dim sum section.

I met up with a friend for dim sum after 2 PM on Sunday. There were still enough selections to make us happy.

Chicken feet, shrimp dumpling, pork dumpling, baked BBQ buns, Shrimp rice crepe, and egg tarts still tasted good.

The price was still reasonably ($2.19 for small now) by today's standard in major cities... $12 total each double occupancy. Usually it's $17 each double occupancy.
Best advice I can give you about Great Wall is to BYOA. 

Yep.

I said it. Bring your own Asian. 

Thankfully our group of 10 had two. It was critical in navigating the ENORMOUS amounts of food and certainly critical in deciding which things the gringos could handle.

Thumbs up to postickers, egg rolls, chow mein noodles, shui mai and other various dumplings. 

And a big phew for a tutorial on how to eat fresh shrimp. "Peel off the shell, suck out the brains and then eat the rest."

Yep. 

This is where I swig down a cold Tsing Tao

And the chickens feet. Oh for the love. The freakin' chicken feet. "Just suck off the skin and throw the foot back on the plate."

Yep.

BYOA! I'm telling ya.

I had a BLAST. Carts were everywhere. Service was friendly and swift. Ten of us ate and ate and ate for $200 including tip. Oh. Also one of my Asian American diners informed me that the one man pushing the "porridge" cart only stops at the white people tables because the "porridge" is absolutely frightening to see. Sure enough. He stopped by our tables and scooted quickly by those tables full of Asians. 

I love a place with a sense of humor. 

Great food. Great fun. Great Wall.
Dim Sum in Phoenix is like asking for rain in the desert.  It's few and far between, and you settle for finding water rather than asking for rain.  As far as dim sum goes, Great Wall is one of the best you'll find in Phoenix; it ain't the rain, but it's good water.  They have a line-up if you're not there early (a good sign), serve all the basic dim sum dishes using the traditional cart service.  Not the best dim sum I've ever had - but then, I've had dim sum worldwide - but certainly good considering this is the desert.  Within Phoenix I'd give it a 5 star, but my rating system is based on what I've tried worldwide in my many travels - so only 4 stars.  If you're in Phoenix and looking for Dim Sum, this is one of the few good watering holes around that can satisfy that thirst.
The worse service.
My first dim sum experience.

Ahhhhh.

Can I just say I was intimidated by the massive amount of cars in the parking lot? Jiminy Christmas!

Luckily, the wait wasn't too long before entering the dim sum paradise.

The staff was friendly. Not too good at describing what the food was like, but there's the adventuresome part for ya. 

Some standouts: the sesame pastries with the red bean paste and the coconut filling; the pork shui mai, the calamari, and the broccoli.

My most adventurous try? The jellyfish salad. Not gross, but not something I'm inclined to try again.

Yum yum!

I will be back...
-Soooooper oily, straight inedible softshell crab
-cold, dry roast pork
-cold, soggy skin roast chicken
-oily pan fried noodles
-cold chinese broccoli

Saving graces were the rice noodle, which is hard to fuck up, the kongee, and the coconut bread

won't be back
Solid, solid, solid Chinese! Period. If you are looking for authentic or close to--low and behold, the Great Wall! 

If you don't believe me, come here on the Weekends between 10am and 12pm.  The sheer number of folks trying to find seats and the hustling and bustling from the staff would easily overwhelm your craving thoughts!

Dim Sum is the alternative to the usual brunch of waffles and hash browns.  Why have a sausage link when you can suck on chicken feet? Don't worry, not everything is that exotic.  Most items they carry are very feasible and safe.

Dinner is also another epic adventure in itself! The menu is very extensive and could take you a couple of hours to finally decide on something.  Or you can make it easier for your party by asking for the family menu that contains a set of items they recommend.  This route is typically cheaper and feed more if you have a large group.  If you are adventurous, ask for the family menu that is Chinese! Can't read, server can help translate.

Seafood is always fresh as they have live tanks in the restaurant.  Service is usually quick.  It always amazes me how fast I get my food sometimes!

I used to come here a lot for wedding receptions and other festivities.  Do not be surprised if you arrive and half the dining space is occupied.

I would come here over those buffets any day of the week.  I would recommend dining with a large group to not only help with the cost but be able to chow on more dishes.
DIM SUM!!!!!!! Some days are phenomenal; other days are just mediocre, but the former is what keeps me going back. I started to write out all the things that I would recommend, but I really don't know the English terms. Just eat all the dumplings and you're golden! Oh, and don't forget the "gai mai bao", the golden coconut filled buns that are elongated in shape. You WILL see someone you know here -- if you befriend anyone in the Asian community, that is.

My family comes here regularly for the dinner options as well, but it's pretty average and becomes quite irritating if there's a karaoke wedding reception going on. Consider volume control before 8pm guys!
From pork dumplings, fried eggplant, duck, softshell crab! What a variety. Took a while for the carts to roll our way but the place was packed on a Saturday at 11:30 and a line when we left. Authentic Dim Sum - you wont get a lot of help or translation so know what your in for aand have fun. The duck was the only dissapointment- had to hunt for the meat. The second cart coming around looked better- so hit or miss on that Im sure. They are open 11 - 11 and 1am Saturday.
I thought this place would be Great when I pulled up and there were a ton of people outside on Sunday morning 11ish! Upon going inside I saw that 95% of the patrons were Chinese. To me, that was an even better sign. Then the food started coming and coming and coming..... 9 dishes later, the two of us were fat and HAPPY! The food was great and all the servers that came by our table had warm, personable attitudes. Oh yeah, we will be going back!
Dim sum in phoenix.  What can you really complain about?  Average everytime.  It is obviously not going to match the quality that you will get from chinatown in SF.  Shrimp dumplings, shiu mai, and bbq pork buns are typical dim sum food.  Get those and you cant really go wrong unless you feel adventurous.  Then try any since many are good too depending on the person's taste.
Great Wall is all about seating. I have been there, gotten a great table and been visited by the dim sum carts promptly and frequently. I have also been seated at the large round tables on the front wall of the restaurant and watched for more than 30 minutes as dim sum carts paraded through the rest of the space and never once breezed by our table. And when you are finally starving to death and watching a party of 6 who literally just sat down start ordering off a cart, don't think you can walk over and try to carry anything away, because the servers will not have it. You will return to your table hungry and sad, wishing you had driven to Chandler for the cornucopia of dim sum carts that is Phoenix Palace Buffet.

The food is fine, the service is below average, but if you see them leading you to a front wall table, just run.
Just as many other locals have said, this is one of the best if not the best in the valley for Dim Sum. Having had Dim Sum in many major cities, I don't want to compare them with this place since it simply isn't fair. 
This is as authentic as you can get in Phoenix. Judging by how packed this place gets, I would say many people agree. Basic rule of thumb is that if there is a crowd of Asian people waiting outside in the heat to get a table, chances are the place is good and pretty darn authentic. Fyi, be prepared to wait and listen carefully for your ticket number.

I can't begin to describe the dishes as I don't know how to translate them exactly. Dim sum is as much as an experience as it is the food, especially for people new to it. If you're adventurous, just pick whatever looks good to you. If you're more risk-averse, hopefully you know a dim sum chaperon to serve as your culinary sherpa. In case that you don't have a guide, then just stick to anything that looks like a dumpling or bun for starters. Eventually, the deliciousness will drive out the fear of the unknown and you'll be more willing to try other dishes.

Whenever I'm jonesin' for some dim sum in Phoenix, this is the place.
Great dim sun, fast and friendly service.
The food was ten star. The service was so bad I would have felt justified in not leaving a tip. I'm not sure why it was so bad, maybe because we were the only non Asian people in the place. There are not words for how poor the service was, but so so yummy. I will most likely go back.
we have since gone back for dim sum. The food was tasty still though a bit heavy on the shell fish options. The service was miles above the previous time, which is why the stars went up.
I was having work done on my car at Japanese Automotive, and Don over there recommended the Great Wall for lunch. It wasn't very busy, and we actually didn't even see the restaurant at first. We were finally able to spot it, so we parked and went in. On our way up to the front door, my stepdad noticed that there were no windows, just a great wall ;)

Now, it doesn't exactly look like much, but we had excellent service and the food was very good. We all had iced tea, and I think they were over giving us refills before we could even realize we needed any more. It also looked like they did some fun stuff during busier times, and seemed like it could be more than just a restaurant. I'm sure the regular customers have a great time if anything special and fun happens :)

Also, while the main area of the restaurant looked pretty standard, I was pleasantly surprised when I went to the restroom. I wasn't expecting such a nice restroom there! They must have recently remodeled at least the men's restroom, as I cannot speak about what the women's restroom looks like. :P

Overall, we had a nice lunch and a great experience there. The price was also very good!
Finally made it out to Great Wall for dim sum. I've been hearing so much about this place but I am hardly ever in this area so it was sitting in my "to try" list for quite some time. Walking in, I thought, this is gonna be legit. The place was packed to the rim with asian people waiting to get their dim sum on. The decor and vibe reminded me a lot of dim sum restaurants in LA's chinatown circa 1990's (ABC seafood to be exact). 

We didn't have to wait long before we were seated. We tried their sui mai, shrimp rice noodle, deep fried shrimp and chives wrapped in bean curd, and honestly I forgot the rest because it was all nothing memorable and I usually have a great memory. The chives and shrimp bean curd roll was probably my favorite of the bunch but I'm a sucker for any dumpling, cake, roll with chives :) It was something I haven't seen at other dim sum restaurants before so I enjoyed that.

In summary, it was okay. It satisfied my dim sum craving but... would I come back? Probably not. I live in Chandler and I find my two go-to dim sum spots there (Phoenix Palace & China King) much tastier. && I only have to drive 5 minutes to get there. Actually, if I lived near Great Wall, I'd probably make the drive to Phoenix Palace. Yep.. I think it's that much better!
Good real Chinese food.
Food was good, especially for my very first time being here. Theme seemed very authentic chinese, even though I never had authentic chinese food. Price was moderate, but service could use some work.
I went on a weekday a little before lunch time for some dim sum.  The place had maybe 8 tables occupied.  We were seated quickly.  There were more dim sum carts than there were workers.  Since I didn't know the name of some of the items of I wanted, I ended up using my iphone to show the waiters a picture of the food.  A lot of the dim sum items were packed with meat, which ended up being too overwhelming for me.  The sticky rice seemed bland.  The daikon cubes were flavorless.  My favorite item would have to be the tripe.  I've had better luck at asian supermarkets that sold fast food dim sum.  Does AZ have anything like that?
Make sure you go early on the weekends, or be prepared to wait if you have a large group!  This place is very busy, but it is a large dining room and you should be seated fairly quickly if you are 2 or 4 people. The weekdays are less busy, but they don't always have that large of a selection. A nice variety of dim sum and they also have good bbq meats. Having grown up in Vancouver and SF, it is tough to get 5 star dim sum in AZ, but this place is good and they have the authentic girls going around with the carts.  I would recommend it if you are a dim sum fan visiting the PHX area, or craving dim sum and do not want to drive far. The place could use a facelift as it seems a bit dirty inside and the bathrooms are not that clean. This place was the only place I knew in PHX when I moved here that had dim sum, but now there seems to be plenty of others to try.
Why would you name a restaurant after a thing designed to keep people out? Just like china this place is huge inside, and even has tanks of live fish.

The menu is huge, and this is just the menu for the gringos. If you know Chinese there is a whole menu of family meals that you can order from. 

There are many vegetarian dishes not just the usual tofu and veggies, they have a large selection of exotic mushroom and veggie dishes.

I had the golden mushrooms with tofu $7.99 a house specialty. Mitake mushrooms a light brown sauce and huge pillow of soft fried tofu. It was nice ans somewhat light

We also had the black mushrooms with Chinese greens. $9.99 This dish had a very earthy taste and the greens were very fresh but hard to eat with chopsticks.

Another great dish was the veggie hotpot that had some really interesting textures along with the noodles and veggies. 

Service was a bit lack luster, but maybe that was due to the wedding in the other side. 

The shopping center it is in is a bit run down too so you are assured you are paying for quality food and not the building. 


Bottom line great selection good flavors good value mediocre service.
I was fortunate to have a good friend take me to this little gem of a place last Sunday.  When we arrived around 12 the place was packed with a decently long wait.  This didn't realy bother me because it likely meant that the place was legit.  I never see a chinese restaurant with a wait.  Also large asian population of patrons which is also a good sign.  This was only the second time I had experienced dim sum.  It was an awesome experience and everything I had was soooo good, even though most of what I put into my mouth I had no idea what I was eating.  Didn't care.  This place is fantastic and I can't wait to come back and try more things or even their takeout menu.  Most authentic chinese food I've found in AZ thus far.
I love this place a lot!! even though I have to come early to try to get the table. The first time I was here was the Chinese New Year weekend and we had to wait for an hour for the table. However the food were so good until we forgot how long we have to wait for table.

Since then I came early around 11am to my favorite dishes. Some times we got lots of plates on our table but we still wanted more. Enjoy the food so much and I could not believe that the price is quite good too (not break my bank).
The fried crunchy fish was SO GOOD, along with the fried tofu w/ the soy sauce. I couldn't stop eating the fish no joke. It is just that good. I can't eat shell fish so this place would be perfect for lobster and crab lovers because it is one of their main dish! I usually come here for dim sum too! The ladies that push the cart are really attentive. The price is just right! I came here the day after thanksgiving with a party of 12? The bill came out to be less than 80 dollars during dim sum hours. MUST TRY THIS PLACE. However, the one thing I don't like is, they don't ever bring enough water for everyone at the table and that they don't give us the yummy saute oil spicy peppers. We always go up and get it ourselves.
Who knew in midst all of the Mexican restaurants, you'd find a diamond in the rough for Chinese food.  Arizona doesn't have many Chinese restaurants to begin with, however this place rivals the places in CA.  It's not the place for ambience or mood, but the food is the most important for the Chinese and this place is great for dinner or dim sum.  
 
Notes for ordering dishes:
I loved the garlic pea sprouts/shoots.  Not all Chinese restaurants this vegetable, but this place makes have it fresh and crunchy and just enough garlic flavor to give it that extra pizzazz.  What I noticed is that this place serves unique fried noodles.  Perfect for vegetarians, this place actually cooked crispy fried noodles unlike most other Chinese restaurant that just comes out with soggy noodles.  Another dish I recommend is their spiced salt tofu. (jiao yan tofu).  Well anything with the spiced salt (jiao yan).  They deep fry the small pieces of tofu or whatever other "jiao yan" producing a crunchy crust and mix it with a salty seasoning and jalapenos.  Great for an appetizer!  My family and I also had their steamed whole fish.  Light flavor and prepared beautifully with the entire moist fish out on the table.  Just the sauce and rice alone tastes just as good.  Be sure to try their walnut shrimp.  Be sure you have a big mouth to fit one of these jumbo shrimp in one bite.  The sauce covering the shrimp has just the right amount of tanginess and sweetness that I'm looking for without being too thick.  And the sweet crunchy walnut complements the dish as well.
Ordering the right dishes can make or break your experiences.  For this restaurant, be sure to pick seafood, their specialty.  They have live fish, crabs, etc in clear tanks so you can pick out your dinner victim.  And of course pick fried anything, especially with their spiced salt (jiao yan).

Notes for dim sum:
Great Wall actually has a unique set of dim sum choices that you can't find anywhere in the valley (at least the Chinese dim sum places I've been to).  Although it's a bit more expensive than the other places in the valley I've been to, but it does taste better overall.  Even the basic dim sum dishes like shrimp dumplings, shumai, and chicken feet simply taste better and I would even say taste better than some CA restaurant.  Who'd thought?  Because the dishes are small, you can try many of them and of course I would go for the fried stuff.  :-) However be careful.  Keep your eye out for the moving carts, if what you want has been sitting there for a while, wait for a new batch.  Cold Chinese food just doesn't taste as well.  Only the tin dishes that are covered are fine, because their still hot after the servers make their rounds.  Go on the weekend for a wider selection and be prepared to have a wait.  But the wait isn't that bad compared to some places I've been to in CA.  Great to go with a medium sized party so you can taste more variety, but not have to wait a long time for a table.

Overall, this is a great place to get great Chinese food if you live in the valley and don't want to make a 6hr journey to LA just for good Chinese food (which I have done before).
Great Wall provides a large menu and a clean dining room with a lot of seating. There are two sections for seating in the Dim Sum area. I was ordering off the lunch menu and chose to sit separately. The menu provides a lot large selection of typical Chinese food. I didn't see a General Tso (my favorite) option on the lunch menu, but I went with Sesame Chicken.  The lunch special was $5.50 and included an egg flower soup, egg roll with mustard and sweet & sour dipping sauces, rice, and a good portion of chicken. It was crisp and had a good flavor, but was a little bit salty. 

A server came by with a cart asking if I wanted dessert. There were several options available, but I did not select any (I wasn't sure if it was included or extra, so I passed).

All in all, Great Wall was a good and low-priced, good service option for a Chinese food. The staff was fast and friendly. With most restaurants in the area being Mexican, this is a good place to get quick Chinese.
The service needs improvement. While it may get busy at lunch time hey can do better. We had to flag down a server a couple times. The food portions are good but my rice tastes burnt. Also,the bathrooms are super clean. I may go back and try the dim some sometime
Went for Dim Sum on Sunday. What a treat! Loved the incredible assortment of dumplings, sticky cakes, duck, and deserts. Very reasonably priced. The bill for more than two of us could eat, including tea, was just over $18.
I've been looking for a good Chinese restaurant for almost 3 years since I moved from SF bay area. I had a dim sum lunch today and my tummy is happy, happy. It's a good sign that restaurant was crowded and I saw many Asian customers. I've been dreaming about eating dim sum for a long time. I had sticky rice, shumai, har gow, gailan and sesame balls. I love them all, can't wait to go there again. The price is very reasonable and very authentic. No more P.F Chang or Panda Express, lol
Don't eat here expecting any kind of service.
Keep track of your orders, they will "forget" a dish or two, but still charge you.

Otherwise, the food is fast, fresh, authentic, and one of the best places for large groups of people to eat dinner or dimsum.
I have eaten at the Great Wall a few times now but always part of a banquet or function. So this might not apply for a regular experience. Most of my Chinese friends and organizations have functions there so I am assuming that the local Chinese believe that this is good food.  Food is very good and plenty of it.  Love that creamy shrimp,carrots and walnut appetizer. Duck is good. Mushroom dish is very tasty. Service can be slow but when a couple of hundred are in the room, you can't expect them to be perfect. 

I have yet to try the dim sum but have heard from my Chinese friends that is the best in Phoenix.
Quality has gone down hill, dim sum is not good as it used to.  Greasy and low quality.  too bad bc I used to love this place.  My family has been going here for at least 8 or 10 years now.
MSG? I'm not sure. Dim Sum is expensive and insanely busy, a lot of the food comes out cold but is delicious. That aside, eating dinner here can be awesome. The lunch and dinner combo meals are a ferocious deal and your tummy and wallet will thank you (your thighs won't). 

The prices of entrees and appetizers are decent, with appetizer prices being high for a chinese restaurant and the entrees being on the lower end of average. The food in dining hours (non-dimsum) has always been spectacular with the exception of the last time I ordered when the meat was so old it had an odd stench and I couldn't even stomach it. That says a lot because mongolian beef is heavily seasoned! Yikes!  

The dead floating fish in the live fish tanks kind of killed my appetite on one occasion. I guess it says something that I continue to be a regular!
Best place in the valley for dim sum.  They are always consistent.  I've been coming here for over 10 years.  Since I'm allergic to MSG and dim sum always contains MSG, I often order off the menu and request no MSG.  I'll eat some of the dim sum and suffer the effects of MSG afterwards.  My dim sum favs - har gow, sui mai, char sui bao, and coconut dessert.  Dinner - best peking duck with the buns and steamed fish.  Overall, good place for chinese.
It's Saturday and we decided to go to Great Wall for dim sum. I had heard about this place from my cousin, but didn't have a chance to try it until today.  We got a late start and by the time we got to Great Wall it was close to 1 pm.  

The place is fairly spacious and we were seated right away. We noticed that they had a live fish tank with lobster, dungeness crab, assorted fish and even shrimp.

The bustling dim sum carts came to us pretty quickly. 

We tried the following items:

Steamed spareribs- small cubes of spareribs steamed in a black bean sauce. It was actually pretty tasty and not super fatty like some places. Would order this again.

Long noodle (churng fun) with shrimp-  the noodles were too thick for my liking even though the shrimp was nice and crunchy and it had a light soy sauce over it. Probably won't order this again unless the noodles are rolled out thinner.

Baked pork bun- these buns looked great, all nicely golden brown with a light layer of sticky syrup to give it a sheen. The bun itself is soft and tasty, but I had to take literally 4 bites of the bun to get any "char siu" or bbq pork filling. Slightly disappointing.

Cocktail bun- these buns seem to be quite popular, as the lady took one quick round trip around just half the room and they were gone. 3 buns come in one order. These are long shaped buns with some sesame on top. Inside are sweetened coconut filling and the bun is soft. A good combo and better than many other places I've tried.

Chinese tamale (jung) - A lotus leaf surrounds the savory goodness of rice, pork and green beans and chinese sausage (lap churng). They also have the option of peanuts instead of green beans if you want.

Fried taro puff-  Mashed up taro is stuffed with minced pork, green onions with 5 spice powder and fried up with this puffy coating. I thought the taro puff here was a bit harder or denser than some places I've tried.
 
Steamed shu mai- is perhaps one of the more famous Chinese dim sum items as it is steamed shrimp and pork dumpling. However, the shu mai at Great Wall is mediocre at best.  The shu mai is a bit denser than I am normally accustomed to and the skin falls off easily as you pick it out from the mini steamer.

Pan fried turnip cake- this was surprisingly better than expected. It was pan fried to a nice golden brown on both sides and you could taste the dried shrimp, lap churng and bits of turnip. Definitely recommend trying this.

Congee / Porrdige - we tried the 1000 year old egg with salted pork porridge and it was fine. Lots of chunks of egg and pork mixed in the porridge.

The bill came out to be a little over $27 for 3 people - not bad at all.

I haven't tried their dinner items so this review is just for their dim sum. Over all, one of the better places that I've encountered while visiting the Phoenix area. Would come back for dim sum again and will give this place a try for dinner sometime soon.
They get 5 stars because of dim sum and proximity to my house.  We've been 3 times, once during the weekend when every table was full but the variety of food was better.  If you've never had dim sum, you may be surprised by how infrequently the carts come by so load up on the first time by.  Don't hesitate to ask the server to lift the lid on every single item in the cart and don't feel pressured to get anything you don't want, no matter how many times the server asks you if you want chicken feet.  I like the har gow, shiu mai, fried shrimp egg roll, turnip cake, tofu skin stuffed with meat, noodles, soy sauce chicken, curry puff and anything that looks like a steamed dumpling and egg tarts for dessert.
This gem on 35th Avenue and Camelback is one of the most traditional Chinese restaurants (American) that I've ever been and the food is super delicious. Five stars, hands down.
i don't get it.  the first impression upon walking in is good: full of cantonese families, and it is a huge place that is completely full.  i expected big things with so many glowing reviews from  californians.  i don't even have  california standards.  i have midwest dim sum standards which is really low.

nothing is quite like i expect.  the tapioca wrapper that they use is not good.  too thick thereby ruining the har kow, fun guo, scallop dumplings, etc.  the pork rib is good but overpowered by sesame oil.  siu mai and sinh juk guen (fried/steamed bean curd wrapper filled with goodies) were fine but nothing spectacular.  the haam sui gok (fried glutinous rice filled with goodies) was the highlight as it was freshly fried and the filling was correct.

the variety is okay; hopefully they just ran out of some of the more common items we were looking for: egg tart, dofu fa, taro puff.

i don't get phoenix.  there are a ton of chinese people, chinese groceries are cheap and plentiful, lots of demand for chinese food.  why isn't it better here?  to be fair china king in chandler was decent when i went a year ago.
Great food!!!!!! Ate here for dimsum, the chicken feet are soo good, so delicious. the sauce is very good and they also have other varieties of food as well. will definitely come back again for dimsum
Smells like an Asian grocery store in here! Feels good man. Check out the fish tanks in the back--I like to know my seafood was freshly beheaded mere minutes before landing on my plate.

So far, I've sampled the dim sum. Pork shu mai all day--it's legit! Perfectly marinated pork AND heavily spiced shrimp...when I return, I'll try my best to try something different. Like chicken feet.

This is really what authentic Chinese looks like, and I'm happy to have found it. I'll be back for more treats from the Far East...and the full bar!
Hello my fellow Arizonians.....

My review gets 3 stars but I really should give it 2... I am being generous.

I will start....as always, by saying I am the pickiest person I know and although food is a preference.... I know what I like! 

We went on a Saturday around noon and it was packed!  There were several larger tables open but nothing to accomodate 2 people so being the outgoing person I am, I invited a couple people to join us so we could take a larger table.

What a great way to meet people, and they were great tablemates!

The food is good, I only have a couple CONS....

No low sodium soy sauce and most of the food is VERY salty!

The selection is not great, no calamari or bbq pork and several other items I enjoy.

The only dim sum restaurant I have experienced out here is C FU Gourmet,,, their selection is greater but their downfall is the food is usually cool to warm and the place has been steadily getting worse. (bummer) and the owner just doesnt seem to care.

If you enjoy Dim Sum...I reccomend you give it a shot and see what you think.

And until then.............

Bon Appetite'
Coming from San Francisco, I am pretty picky about Chinese food.  I speak Cantonese and that was helpful as most of the staff do not speak English.  Their black bean clams rival my home town places.  All their seafood dishes are deish.  A sweet bean porridge is served as a dessert.  Haven't tried the diem sum.
Dim Sum review only***

Food is a 4-star rating, but the location and the decor of the restaurant isn't as pleasant. Located in the corner of the a big strip mall, you can't believe how big the restaurant is from the outside, which has no windows, with a small glass door... There is always a line for dim sum during the peak hour, but definitely worth to wait, if you have an asian friend who knows what to order can tag along, that is even better!

Very good dim sum and cheap price, just don't expect a fancy place. Have fun~
Great dim sum for the valley, their sweet bbq pork buns are especially good.  Their shrimp based pieces are all very good as well, especially the one with shrimp, pork, and chive.  We love going with friends, but it's certainly something we treat ourselves to occassionally.
Pretty good dim sum. Good service. Good food. Gets really packed on the weekend.
I was part of a HUGE event. There were well over 30 tables, with 10 at each in other words a packed house. We were all served the same thing, and there were 8-9 courses..maybe more...all were very delicious and ver coordinated in presentation. All tables were served at the same time. 

The beef and crispy chicken were very tasty as was the pork. I enjoyed the pre-salad and mushrooms also. Would come back again. This was part of the Asian Chamber of Commerce Lunar New Year Banquet, also very well put together.
Go here on a Saturday or Sunday and find this place packed with folks who love dim sum.
I personally find it a little better quality, and not quite so crazy-crowded, on Saturdays late morning/noonish.
Some of the best shumai (sp?) I've ever tasted......egg custards are yummy......really good shrimp dishes too.
Fun little treat every now and then.......never disappoints!
Problem is - 2 hours later, I'm starved.  LOL
It was really good dim sum. The servers know enough english to help you decide on what items you want. It can get pretty expensive if your not careful.
Honestly, I've been going here my entire life, most always for family functions.  My family loves their food, and I think it's the best Chinese restaurant in Arizona--its dim sum even stands it own against CA Chinatowns, IMHO.  

Oh, the dim sum! Har gaos are usually awesome, ham sui goks (sorry, don't know the English phrase) are perfectly crispy with good balance of salty and sweet.  Only in the past few years have I discovered the wonders of the lao sa bao ("leaky sand bun??")--which is like the bolo bao's more decadent cousin (lao sa bao is the one with the more whitish crust, with a runnier custard).  Dim sum is pretty pricey, though.  I can run up a $40 tab by myself.

For non-dim sum, this place is still pretty good.  Highlights are definitely the walnut shrimp, peking duck (though some vendors elsewhere are marginally better), and the beef stew (this is probably the wrong name again, but it's the beef dish with the tripe/tendons and turnips).  

Great Wall was a family hotspot long before the post-fire remodel, so even though the current bathrooms and general cleanliness may not be on par with other (read: Westernized) places, the new bathrooms are waaayyyyy better than they used to be.  I think it's just a general fact that authenticity sometimes comes at the expense of hygiene. (it's still worlds better than some places in Chinatown).  

Bottom line: don't let the sketchy neighborhood and exterior dissuade you, it's worth it!  Also, get there early for dim sum, otherwise they'll sell out of the popular items.
This place is, in my not always so humble opinion, the best Dim Sum in the Valley. 
Its best to go early on the weekends so that you get a table quickly. You want to go about 10:30 or 11. The line usually hasn't started forming outside quite yet, but the food carts are really starting to gain their rhythm.

Most everything is great, but do make sure to save a smidge of room for the sweet sesame mochi balls. Not sure what the Chinese name is, but they're the perfect ending to a perfect Sunday tradition
Some colleagues and I made the drive all the way to the other side of town for lunch one day to try their Dim Sum.  They were in an AZ Central article listing them as one of the best Dim Sum restaurants in the Valley.

We tried a variety of items and I'm not sure exactly what it was...we just ordered what looked good.  I tried a Pork Dumpling, a BBQ Pork stuffed puffy thing, Spicy Beef and Veggies, and a puffy thing stuffed with I think Beans.

The food was OK, not as great as the AZ Central article.  I was expecting food as good as Ping Pang Pong in Vegas when I read the accolades.  I think I over-hyped it in my mind before our visit.

The restaurant is located in a sketchy neighborhood.  I wouldn't come back at night, that's for sure.

Return Factor - 20%
This is the real deal guys! My first visit here was on Easter Sunday for early dim sum. The place was already busy when we arrived at 10 a.m., but we were seated immediately. It's always a good sign to see a dim sum restaurant filled with Chinese customers happily munching away. The dim sum was really good and the service was fast and efficient. By the time we left, there was a line out the door waiting to be seated. TIP: Get here early (within 30 mins of opening) and you won't have to wait. This is definitely going to be one of our new favorite places for dim sum!
Tip: if you ran out of tea, open the lid of the teapot and that will alert the staff to get you a refill.

I was new to dim sum and I absolutely loved this place. If you have not had dim sum before, I think some of the pics posted will give you a good idea.
Warning - most likely you got to like eating family style, and you gotta either be adventurous or know what Chinese dishes you like.

We went there for early lunch on a Sunday (11:30am) by recommendation of a friend and when we arrived there was a huge line! well, not a line, you get a number that they call out when your table is ready. There were like 10-12 parties ahead of us and we were seated in like 10-15 minutes.

They bring you your plates, tiny cups and a teapot.

Then is when the fun begins! They have people with carts full or meals in small containers, coming to your table, you pick whatever you want and they mark it in a card that remains at your table. We must have tried like 12-14 different dishes, let me try to remember - sorry I do not know the names.

- Bread stuffed with pork (3)
- Other pastry stuffed with pork (3)
- Fried tofu (3)
- Some white ball with a colorful dot that I didn't taste (3)
- Round/soft wonton like stuffed with shrimp (4)
- Lo main -very skinny noodles
- Chicken feet in red sauce (I really wanted to try those)
- Fried wontons, they were not stuffed with cream cheese, but with shrimp (4)
- Some sort of spring rolls, very big and turned out to be stuffed with shrimp 
   (2, cut in 3 pieces each)
- Sesame seed balls (3)
- Fried dough with honey
- Jello/mango dessert

These dishes had different prices ranging from 2.95 to 6.95, I think, but our check was about $52 (without tip)

I didn't notice if they had other drinks, but I saw a table nearby get a dish and bowl of rice that seemed to be ordered from a menu.

I used to live near this place and I never tried it. Now we live far away but I will definitely come back, hopefully soon : )

FYI, Ladies restrooms were very clean, and they have toilet covers.
Dim sum!!! yummmmm :) I love dim sum and this place is affordable and the real deal with carts coming around. I love the crispy shrimp ball get there early for that they run out. Free hot tea and open of the tea put for them to top it off with more hot water. I would suggest Chinese broccoli dim sum portion. Hong Kong style beef chow mein the crunchy kind. As well as shrimp dumplings hagow and beef dumplings shu mai. Of course white rice!! I just love dim sum the excitement of seeing whats on their cart.   Lots of parking and a great dining experience for those who haven't experienced dim sum :)

sadly dim sum is only on weekends.

ps the bathroom was surprisingly nice here
I can't help but laugh at some of the reviews complaining about the decor and service.  Sigh...rookies.  Let me cut to the chase, you don't go to a Dim Sum restaurant for the service OR the decor.  You go for the FOOD.  That holds true for a whole lot of Chinese eateries really.  If you get great service or a clean, modern place, that's a bonus.  The more hole-in-the-wall, the better the food (none of that Panda Express Americanized junk).  I'd rather them save the money and keep the food prices normal than hike up the prices.  For those wondering, yes, I AM Chinese.

So on that note, I will have to say that while the dim sum was not the best I ever had, it was still pretty decent.  But that's not what impressed me - it was that they ACTUALLY had GOOD service.  That's what made me laugh even more at some of the reviews.  Try going to dim sum in LA, Houston or SF...  Here, ALL the staff was really helpful.  I mean ALL.  From the busboys, to the cart servers, to the head people.  You won't find that anywhere else.  Granted it's not top-notch service that you expect but compared to other dim sum places, this is actually pretty good.  I came with my aunts and uncle and they would ask for things like more tea, a specific item, hot mustard, etc. and either someone would quickly get it for us or the cart servers would leave their carts right in front of us and go in the back.  You can't find that at most normal dim sum places.  

Oh my, and they even speak REALLY good English and so patient!  They even explain what they have instead of huffing and puffing and quickly opening and closing up lids expecting you to figure out what that dish is and if you want it.

They may not have the biggest selection of choices but if you can't tell, I was more impressed by the staff and that more than blew me away.  One cart lady even recognized my aunt and uncle from another dim sum place that they used to frequent but now closed.  That's pretty good.

I will def. be back.  Dim sum is like comfort food.
greatest Dim Sum in the state! Get in here today!
We went in with a lot of expectations considering the great reviews on yelp - and we were starved - so we would liked the food if it even remotely good! 
The place -  the restaurant had a strong smell that was not pleasing to say the least
The service - Bad! they were running a vaccumm cleaner while we were having our meal!!
Te food: horrible - it had no taste - we ordered a noodle soup and a veg main course... the noodle soup tasted like boiled water with noodles..

I've been to Shanghai and I know this was neither authentic nor good!!
So... this is what happens when you open the only Dim Sum restaurant in the dessert... utter chaos.

Dim sum normally has large quantities of selection of food constantly moving around the restaurant in carts. You see what you like, you pick it, you eat it. Portions are small so price is decent.

The quality of food here was terrible. But come on, you say, this is fracking Phoenix! What did you expect? Fine fine fine. I'll stomach cold dim sum that was suppose to be hot, chewy meat instead of tender, and bland instead of flavorful...

The place is a dump and the line is 40 minutes long. Well, it is the only dim sum place no? 

The chaos though that is inside is what get's the place a 1 star. First off I don't even see how this place is setup for Dim Sum. The tables are arranged in a maze like formations where the carts can't even get to you.

Forget the fact that the carts can't reach you, most patrons got up and chased them down and brought back their own food. In the end we didn't even get most of what we wanted cuz they sold out. One of the employees shrugged his shoulders and told us next time to chase down we want to get instead of waiting. 

Totally not worth the wait, especially since the food quality was terrible.
Probably can't count the ###### of times my fam and I have gathered for an overcrowded Sunday yum cha wait, thus dinner makes for a stress-free occasion where we don't have to scream at a cart-pusher like a famished pack of prison inmates. Tonite we just happened to be on the west side of town and checked in. Surprisingly not but four other tables on a Friday nite at 7:30, and most of those tables occupied by at least one Asian patron. Perhaps west siders r later owls.

Hubby and I argued over which fried rice dish to partake, but sad to report his choice of dried scallops and egg whites won out over my 'hahm yue' smelly, i mean salted fish choice. However his first choice is my second so I was content nonetheless. Only once did he succumb while visiting Hong Kong and never again could he stomach the fishiness after being mortified with the pungent aroma that is indeed an acquired taste. 

We couldn't put even the slightest dent in the yummy fried rice as the volume rivaled Camelback mountain! I also went for my usual pan fried noodle dish and enjoyed the chef's choice to use nira as the veggie component instead of the usual choi sum. 

All in all another satisfying home comfort Chinese meal that brings back fond family memories.
Dim Sum fans look no further! (unless you live on the other side of town, like me).

My office used to love the Golden Buddha at the COFCO Center. When it closed, our monthly cravings for Dim Sum went unsatisfied until we heard about this spot. The parking lot is worn down and the location is not close to us. Upon entry, we noticed the clientele matched the cuisine - always a good sign! The seating is much like an adapted ballroom. It looks like they may hold wedding receptions or small events there. 

The Dim Sum cart came around, and to our joyous surprise, the waitress was one of our old friends from the Golden Buddha!! And, the Dim Sum must have come with her. The pork and shrimp dumplings were very tender and tasty. Careful, though, they're piping hot. The seasame and meat-balls were also good along with the shrimp egg rolls (come in sets of 3). Wash it all down with some hot tea and you're in for an excellent, authentic tasting Chinese lunch.
Great place for lunch and great dim-sum.
However this place lacks on service and personality.
Waited 15-20 before somebody finally checked on my table.
After placing my order I still ended up waiting another 30 minutes.
Needless to say I ended up taking my food for take out since I had to go back to work.
When I asked for some chilly sauce the lady behind the counter had the guts to ask me for $.25 each.
I asked her if she was kidding me she was not amused.
Will not return and instead drive to Chandler to the Phoenix Palace.
Better food and nicer service IMHO.
The crab soup is to die for !
I hadn't been to the Great Wall in YEARS! My husband planned an outing for Dim Sum for my birthday. We've talked about doing this for some time but we finally planned ahead, had the time and found a restaurant that serves Dim Sum.  

Before deciding where we should go he asked a student, who is Chinese, where his family preferred to eat Dim Sum. The recommendation was the Great Wall. It was a drive for us but so worth it!

Reading some of the reviews here, and having mentioned our impending outing to a friend who has frequented the Great Wall, I was a bit apprehensive, but I am adventurous by nature and willing to try it. If it didn't work out as hoped all we would lose is a bit of time and money.

If you're into a well-mannered, quiet dining experience this probably isn't the place for you.  If you don't mind a bit of noisy conversation, you're adventurous and willing to try just about anything once, you'll love the Great Wall. 

Loads of carts come by with a variety of items. Some of them we knew what to expect and others we tried.  Again, you have to be a bit adventurous.  We asked one gentleman what he had in his cart (it had trays with lids). His English was a bit broken but we determined that he had tripe. Now I'm not a fan but I did try a piece. My husband, on the other hand, loved it. He ate almost the entire serving (quite a lot actually) by himself. 

The pot stickers were enormous and so delicious. We tried noodles (pretty basic), great shrimp dumplings, noodles, wonderful yeast buns filled with almond paste, and too many other things to remember.

We were thrilled to see so many families (many of them Chinese) dining together.  Obviously this is a go-to location for family gatherings. Even though we went on one of the hottest days of the year, there was a line by the time we left around 12:30 pm. 

One website about Dim Sum Etiquette recommends that you have a group of three or more so you can enjoy many different items. If we can find another three or four people who are willing to take a chance to try new things we'll be back soon! If not, we'll be sure to arrive early, with empty stomachs ready to eat!
Good place but ok food! I would give it one more star if they can improve their service!
As a Chinese person who grew up in Phoenix, I've been counting on Great Wall to fulfill my dimsum needs for nearly two decades.  I have had numerous dinner parties at this restaurant and never had a bad experience.  Their chinese food is top-notch and so delicious.  As a previous reviewer mentioned, you don't come to a place like this expecting to be wowed by the decor or (sometimes) the service.  It's all about the food!
I took my lunch date to this place since she haven't date dim sum in AZ before. This was the closest location in the west side. 
When we get there, the parking and restaurant were packed. A good indicator I think. 
Got my table relatively quicky. 
We ordered many various dishes from sticky rice to shumai. It was pretty good. 
My date were looking for some BBQ chicken feet and it was not available. A little bummed but it did not ruin the experience. 
The only negative thing I can gripe about were the noodle. It simply sucked. We barely touched it. It was a little wasteful. Something learned....we will not order noodles again...

Overall, I can't wait to bring here again
Fly in my food, enough said. Only giving them two stars instead of one because their flavors were good. Would've been good had I not seen the fly. -.-
This place has been here for years. For years! I have been coming for years. For years! I still think this place has the best combination of quality dim sum, decor and other menu items. The variety here is just awesome. 

Golden Buddha, China King, Mekong Plaza, they were decent. Those places were good because you don't really want to travel that far for dim sum and those places were in their respective areas. Except Golden Buddha closed. 

But for a complete experience, go to Great Wall. You should go on Sundays around 10:30am. That's when their menu is at it's fullest. Asian people go out Sunday mornings haha. There might be a wait but carts will come by more often, more items and you get to see a lot of Asian people. There are also items that are not on carts. Like giant noodle dishes. Don't miss out on them!
The only time I really ever eat here is for a wedding reception or dim sum.  We came for dinner last week and ordered: baked tilapia (pulled from the tank), chicken, mayonnaise shrimp, salt & pepper shrimp, peking pork, house fried rice and seafood soup.  Everything came out quickly but the food was nothing to write home about.  The chicken was so plain and extremely dry.  The house fried rice was tasty but also pretty dry.  Seafood soup - where was the seafood???  The peking pork was my favorite - flavorful.  The fish was also tasteless.  Did they just pull the fish from the tank and bake it and add no seasonings?  

I would suggest coming here for dim sum but for a regular night of dinner? Probably not.
I'll give it four stars for Phoenix dim sum. Price is reasonable. Most dishes were hot and fresh. There were a lot of people both before and after we arrived, which is a good sign. Go between here and Phoenix Palace, depending on which is more convenient for you.
I've been here plenty of times for the past few years for wedding receptions, dim sum and of course MY wedding reception.

We came here last night for a wedding reception and we LOVE the food here. The seafood appetizer and the seafood soup to start are delicious. The seafood platter includes, Jelly Fish (YUM), Seaweed Salad, Squid and a few other items. It looks a little weird, but it's very tasteful. The soup was GREAT, it had great taste to it. For entrees we had, stir fried crabs (LOVE LOVE LOVE!), a whole roasted chicken, whole roasted duck, stir fry beef and Chinese broccoli, a whole steamed catfish, pork fried rice, and fried quail. Everything was delicious. I never really liked quail, it just looks unappetizing. My husband insisted I try just a little piece cause he said it taste just like chicken so I thought why not try just a small piece. I must admit it did taste like chicken but it was a little too salty for me. 

I highly recommend this place if you're looking for some real authentic Chinese food. Dim sum is great as well!
My wife and I arrived here around 11:00 there was an extremely  Long line, but it moved fast. Inside the place was packed. There wasn't any additional seats, they were booked to capacity. When we checked in with the hostess we were asked if we would be willing to be seated with other people. We said no problem but when our name was called we ended up with just the two of us at the table.

The dim sum experience is not for everyone.  Those not accustomed to the noise and crowds should stay away. The place was Jam packed with Chinese families which was a good indication of how the food would be.  

All the carts came around frequently. Service was standard for a Dim Sum restaurant. Nothing much to complain about or compliment.  This place was really crowded. It was a bit uncomfortable because the tables are really close to each other, and the aisle aren't hat wide. With the carts going around the place it can get super cramped and uncomfortable. Oh, it was also super noisy, but that shouldn't be a surprise for such a crowded establishment. The servers pushing the carts around were hard to understand so I have no idea what we had or what was in the food but I can tell you we enjoyed all the dishes we picked.

None of the dishes really stand out. The food was good, not spectacular, but Just your standard dim sum fare. With the exception of drink refills because no one came around to refill our beverages.

FOOD: The menu is standard Dim Sum. PRICE: Expensive -This accounts for why I rated the place only a three. My wife and I spent $30.00 on lunch and didn't really have that much food. I can't imagine what families must spend here on a big meal.   ABIANCE: Nothing fancy but you don't come here for the ambiance you come here or the food. SERVICE: . CONCLUSION:  The food was decent and the price was high for what you get. The dcor was non existent and all tables/chairs were all covered and not the most comfortable. However the Great Wall managed to satisfy that dim sum craving but was not even close to the best I've ever had. The search continues. RETURN  FACTOR: 90- 95%

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
Well I'm afraid I cannot give a fair review. We arrived shortly after 8 PM and there were slim pickin's left on the buffet and they weren't in any hurry to put fresh food out. What little food I did try was OK. Will have to give it another shot at an earlier time I evening I guess. Very disappointed this time around.
Not the very best dim sum, but decent. We went around 10:00am on a weekend with a huge party and had no problem with being seated. The servers circulate fairly often and we were happy with the quality of the food. Nothing stood out as amazing (or not great) to me. I did miss my lotus leaf wrapped sticky rice, but maybe I just didn't see it?
I came to Great Wall tonight with my mom after reading the positive reviews from Yelp. The location is fine, it's in a strip mall that is just about empty so there's plenty of parking to choose from. In terms of food, there's plenty of options. I opted for the chicken and broccoli and my mother got the chicken with orange sauce. We also split a delicious appetizer of meat dumplings. We were brought tea and the food came out after about 20 minutes. 


The food portions were much larger than we anticipated and we could've split either one and would've been full. Other than that, our experience was great and we look forward to coming back. The bill for two plates and the appetizer was $30.00. Not the best deal out there, but you get what you pay for. The food was fresh and great and overall I would give Great Wall 4 out of 5 stars.
I rarely write reviews but this place deserves a review. I am Asian and I know Asian food. This place has Yummy authentic food. Went for dim sum and it was awesome. It comes close to home cooking. Best Chinese place I've been in AZ. Service was great. Very friendly and helpful staff. Downside, this place is so popular that there is a loooong line to get in. But I've been told that is only on the weekends. Weekdays are not like that. It's a must go to restaurant!!!! I highly recommend it!!!!
You can't go wrong at this place. Best Chinese food here, before I was a vegetarian.  you come here, you're obligated to see someone you know and their grandmas. Haha.

When there's a long wait, we go next door to the nail supply. lolz . To kill time.

Fried tofu is the bestttt
Food taste great. Ordered at once please. If you try to order to go when you are done eating. Prepare to wait another half hour or more. Under staff but place is packed. Staff are friendly but the wait for getting a check or to go box. I suggest you help yourself and wait by the door. Dishes are delicious tho.
Very good place for dim sum especially being in Phoenix. Definitely come and check it out great prices quick service and lots of locals.
The dim sum is perfect. They have everything and they are very quick in getting to all tables. Great weekend brunch idea. From the pork buns, noodles, sesame balls, chicken feet, pork ribs, sticky rice, etc. it's all good!
Fantastic food - be sure to order Honk Kong Style Noodles ( pick desired protein ).  The dim sum is all great.  For dessert?  The flowing sand buns are hot, sweet, and better than almost anywhere else.

Parking is easy, but on Saturdays be sure to get there early.  It fills up fast and by noon the wait can be long. ( but worth it!)

FYI - very kid friendly.  There are nice aquariums filled with fish, lobster, crabs, and clams.
I've been to Great Wall many if times but this is the first with the new owner. I knew him from another restaurant he used to own. Anyways, I went her for dinner. It wasn't for any old dinner but for a Chinese New Year Banquet. This was a celebration with a 10 course meal. So it was supposed to be special. 

We started out with the Assorted Cold Appetizer Platter which included jelly fish, long thin strips of tofu, thinly cut slices of beef and seaweed salad. It was very different but good. You really never get this dish but at banquets. 

After this, we had Hangzhou's West Lake Minced Beef soup. It had tiny pieces of grounded beef, tofu, and egg (I think). Very good soup. Then we had Shrimp with Glazed Walnuts that had some shredded carrots on the side. What can I say. Very good. Shrimp, walnuts, and carrots were great. What I really enjoyed was the Fish Fillet with Sugar Peas. The fish was so tender and seasoned perfectly. Wow. 

We also had Cantonese-style Deep Fried Crispy Chicken, Cantonese-style Roasted Duck, "Lohan" (monk-style) Sauted Assorted Vegetables, Baby Bok Choy with Mushrooms (huge mushrooms), Yangzhou-style Fried Rice. The chicken and duck were amazing. It was a whole chicken and duck. Very tasty and very moist. The Lohan had all sort of Chinese vegetables I've never heard of but really good. Really different. The Bok Choy and mushrooms were really good. 

To top our meal off, we had Sesame Seed Sweet Rice Balls. You can usually get this at dim sum places. It's a small tiny ball with sesame seeds on it with some black beans inside. Sweet and chewy. Really good. 

So this was a banquet with lots of tables which meant the servers were just bringing out dish after dish. You eat a little of each dish and then boom your really full with some really good Chinese food. So if you ever have a chance to go to a Chinese New Years Banquet give it a try cause the food is always outstanding.
Have been here mainly for large celebrations such as wedding receptions, Chinese baby red egg, funeral memorial meal and Chinese New years. So we have never eaten here ala carte. When you eat there for a large celebration it is generally between a 8 to 10 course meal. When eating this way you eat "family" style so you get to try multiple dishes and get a little of each dish and then spin the dishes around on a lazy Susan to share with the others at your table. The servers were okay but the restaurant itself is good when they have a banquet style.

Nothing to bring you back because of the decor or service, would probably only come here for the banquet.
The food is really really great, but HOLY CrAP it is crowded.  You have got to be ready to eat like a turtle:  stick your neck out a long way, snap a bite, retreat, repeat.  It is seriously tight in there because it is both social and delicious.  Just one time I'd like to go with enough space to have both arms free, hear some conversation, and taste every interesting thing that comes by on those glorious carts of food.   If you have a large party, and don't mind noise and extremely close quarters, this is an all out winner.
Typical traditional Chinese restaurant. Heard its the better of the food restaurants here that are open late. Foods not bad, restaurant could use a facelift and a better sign outside/Door, but good thing I dont live in AZ.
service is very very poor! we waited 25mins for dimsum, i asked for shrimp and pork dimsum lady said " i only have chicken feet......,wtf [ y dont u get more! commonsense]. we ended up getting fried noodles. forget about this place i highly recommend C FU restaurant in chandler, this place suck! more than 50 people inside and they ony have one dimsum cart running.
Lets face it...it was the yelp review's about Dim Sum that made me give this restaurant a try. It was not to distant far from my hotel, but not next door thats for sure. In any event, I had a taste bud for Dim Sum...so off I went...!!!

From the outside this restaurant does not give the appearance of something grand and unique, however upon entering, it is spacious, warm ...and empty...

Upon being seated and handed a menu, I asked for the Dim Sum menu...sorry, Dim Sum stops being served at 3:00pm....I almost walked out...I could have had Chinese food almost anywhere, but Dim Sum...thats hard to find and that was what I wanted. Okay, I'm here lets see what you have...

The menu was loaded with so many of the dishes that I truly like that it did become somewhat difficult to choose....but I managed...I ordered hot & sour soup (the bowl), chicken chop suey...and while I wasn't sure exactly what Salt and Spice Shrimp was, I was hoping it to be salt & pepper shrimp.

First out of the kitchen and onto my dinner table was the hot & sour soup...a huge steaming bowl. Let me say, I have had hot & sour soup all over this world and while it varies in taste and consistency, this soup tonight was outstanding...absolutely outstanding. Next out of the kitchen was this salt & spice shrimp...wow, these were not shrimp at all...these were gulf prawns...huge...took two hands to pickup. The shrimp came with the heads and tails, and shells...not a problem for me, but perhaps a bit squeamish to others. No issues, I hoisted up one shrimp and gave the head a slight twist pinched the tail and dropped it into my mouth. Oh my goodness...these were awesome. Perhaps the serving was a dozen shrimp, I didn't count them, but there was quite a few. Remarkable...!!! Last out of the kitchen was the chicken chop suey...let me say that this was not the actual name on the menu, that escapes me, but it was a chop suet. It was also fantastic. But to be honest, with the soup and the shrimp, there wasn't much room left for the chicken chop suey. I needed a "to go box" to bring the left overs back to the hotel.

So while i was not happy to miss the Dim Sum, and I hope to go back and enjoy that one day, I was not disappointed with the dinner that was chosen. Did I say earlier that the restaurant was "empty" when I arrived...well, it filled up while I was there...and I know why...the food selection is very large, and while I of course have not tried many of their offerings, what i did choose was absolutely outstanding...worthy of 5-stars for sure. So why only 4-stars from this review...I need to try your Dim Sum then lets talk.

This is a family owned restaurant...these are your friends and neighbors, give them a try. I plan to return...!!!
If you live in the West Valley, you are out of luck when it comes to finding Dim Sum. The closest you'll find is the Great Wall on Camelback and 35th Ave. The only other one that I know of in Phoenix is C-Fu on the east side. I enjoy the Great Wall's Dim. The Sumai and Howgow are very good and it is so reasonably priced. I've tried the Spicy Salted Squid and consider it to be pretty good. I would order it again, but I've had better in Portland, OR. I would recommend this to you if you're looking for Dim Sum. Not much competition out there though.
The menu was loaded with so many of the dishes that I truly like that it did become somewhat difficult to choose....but I managed...I ordered hot & sour soup (the bowl), chicken chop suey...and while I wasn't sure exactly what Salt and Spice Shrimp was, I was hoping it to be salt & pepper shrimp.

First out of the kitchen and onto my dinner table was the hot & sour soup...a huge steaming bowl. Let me say, I have had hot & sour soup all over this world and while it varies in taste and consistency, this soup tonight was outstanding...absolutely outstanding. Next out of the kitchen was this salt & spice shrimp...wow, these were not shrimp at all...these were gulf prawns...huge...took two hands to pickup. The shrimp came with the heads and tails, and shells...not a problem for me, but perhaps a bit squeamish to others. No issues, I hoisted up one shrimp and gave the head a slight twist pinched the tail and dropped it into my mouth. Oh my goodness...these were awesome. Perhaps the serving was a dozen shrimp, I didn't count them, but there was quite a few. Remarkable...!!! Last out of the kitchen was the chicken chop suey...let me say that this was not the actual name on the menu, that escapes me, but it was a chop suet. It was also fantastic. But to be honest, with the soup and the shrimp, there wasn't much room left for the chicken chop suey. I needed a "to go box" to bring the left overs back to the hotel.
My family and I have been coming here for many years. The service is horrible the place smells old but it stays true to the attitude of all dim sum restautant in china. We come here for the dim sum and dim sum alone. 

Lately, More and more caucasian and latinos i see coming here which is awesome. 

Only on weekends is when they serve dim sum. Get here early so avoid the lines and the crazyness.
Best Chinese food I've had in Phoenix so far.  I can't wait to go back this weekend for
another Dim Sum fix!  I used to live in Honolulu's China town and this place is just as good!  What a find.  I'll be back twice a month fosho!
How can I not give Great Wall 5 stars for its DimSum?! Yummy!! We came in on a Saturday morning and were seated quickly. The carts came by fast and when we couldn't find what we wanted they brought what we wanted right away. Service was awesome and they were nice. Yeah, it isn't harbour in Seattle but we are in Phoenix! My 5 stars is for the area as well, there isn't a plethora of DimSum to choose from so for Phoenix area this is a 5 star.This place is way closer to our house as opposed to Phoenix palace and i like great walls food  better. This is my new DimSum spot.
You simply can not beat the dim-sum here. We eat here every chance we get, and have been doing so for more than ten years. We have always had a wonderful experience and leave feeling stuffed every time.
I have since gone back with a crowd of friends for dim sum. It was very tasty and they weren't bothered in the least that all through out our meal we kept having more people show up.We started with one table and by the end, we were squeezed into three. The service was much better and friendlier this time around.
This place is alright! I went here with my family this week to have dim sum. It's my second time coming here. The first time I came was for a relative's wedding. 

Atmosphere: 3/5. It's a old restaurant, so the decor is kind of worn out generally. I wouldn't recommend it as a wedding venue, but it's possible? They have a section of the restaurant that is sort of a "stage" area with the red curtains as backdrop. It's pretty old-school asian.

Food: 4/5. Not the best dim sum I've ever had, but it's pretty darn good for dim sum in the Phoenix Area, considering there aren't that many. I liked the "desserts" (egg tart, bbq pork pastry, taro pastry), and the shrimp entrees the best. 

Price: Pretty good price. Dishes range from $2 - $6 a plate for dim sum (or the ones we got anyways).
This is a classic Chinese Cuisine with authentic food close to town.
We come here to celebrate a birthday dinner or dim sum. The food is excellent in Arizona standard. I have been coming here for 20 years now. Sometimes we run into old friends or family which is nice too.

We love the food. They have the best Bao and BBQ Duck in town. Sometimes we drive 35 miles to buy duck!
Like most west valley Asians would say, Great Wall is a staple.  I've been to Great Wall hundreds of times for dim sum and banquet-dinners since I was  kid --- heck, maybe even since I was born!   It's hard for me to even imagine how my childhood would be like without Great Wall.

From before their renovations to days before the kitchen fire, Great Wall has always served up delicious food.  As it is the only major Chinese restaurant in the west valley, Great Wall is always busy with a flurry of customers at any given time of day.  They have delicious hot dim sum and they have an even more amazing 10-course dinner.  If you don't understand Chinese customs, this place will always be LOUD!  Chinese people are loud.  We like to hear ourselves talk over other people's voices.  I think it adds to the charm of the restaurant.  ;)

Great Wall specializes in a lot of authentic off-the-menu dishes like duck tongues, fried pork intestines with sweet & sour sauce, fried fish heads with eyeballs the size of golf balls, and all the other stuff probably not palatable to people who didn't grow up around these kinds of foods but it's all reminiscent of  majestic China.  *wistful sigh*  For the record, I was born in Arizona to two Hong Kong parents.

Anyways, Great Wall will always hold a soft spot in my heart.  From sweet karaoke-infused memories to visions of old people dancing to terrible Chinese music.  Cheers!
Great dim sum on the weekend. Great prices. Love this place
If you are looking for good chinese food in LV, this is a place to go...they have very good quality seafood, as well as meats...i highly recommend their stir fry green beans and their chinese broccolli with garlic...the flavors are infused into their meat...and when you bite into it, you can taste the crispness and freshness....they also have great peking duck
This place has pretty good dim sum but be prepared to wait for a table or get there when they open! In other words, on the weekend, get there by 10:30am. Of course, once you get your table, the food comes to you so you don't have long to wait for it.

The salted fish fried rice is awesome... and they have pretty good chow fun too. The pan fried egg noodles were a little bland though.

I can see this place being great for big groups and even banquets. Service though is typically rushed and brusque.
*****************************
Dinner here is a totally different experience than dim sum. The restaurant is practically empty at night! Food is still very good and service has more time to smile and check back with you.
The quest continues on to Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine to find a decent dim sum spot in Vegas.  Chang's is a smaller venue compared to Orchids Garden over on W. Sahara.

Arriving in the middle of the Saturday lunch rush, I was seated immediately, even without my party of four present.  The table set up was a bit awkward and I found myself rearranging the chairs and place settings before the rest of my dining companions arrived.

The dim sum carts came rolling by and I do admit, they had a better selection than Orchids.  We immediately got the shrimp dumplings and pork dumplings.  We also ordered a few random dumplings in a more translucent type skin, similar to the shrimp dumpling skin.  The chicken in the black bean sauce was a bit drier than other places, and not as flavorful.  We tried mushroom on tofu that was tasty and had the beef rice noodle and shrimp rice noodle.  Both the BF and the cousin enjoyed their Soft Tofu, which was sweeter here than other places.

I think we were impressed by their wider selection that we forgot to inquire about the elusive Shanghai dumplings or Shark Fin Dumpling Soup!  Next time for sure!

I was craving some sweetness to close out my meal and had the Egg Custard Tarts.  They had three small tarts to an order and they just came out of the oven!  These were definitely yummy!  I would go back just for these!  They had the Pineapple Bun, but not the kind with Egg Custard inside.  Bummer.

Service was okay.  Because the busboys are a bit overanxious to clear your table, they will consolidate your dishes for you. This is something I have always hated, unless it was necessary to do so.  I don't particularly enjoy watching the busboy bang the steamer against another steamer on your table so the lone pork dumpling will join the other lone shrimp dumpling just to have one less dish on the table.  I mean, for gawd's sake, are they short on dishes in the back?

Overall, despite the lipstick mark found on the BF's water glass, I would give Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine a solid 3.5 stars.  They have a decent selection of dim sum choices, but could fair better on service and quality.  So far, they match up pretty competitively with Orchids for now.  But the search continues on to find a place that offers a wider selection and yummy tasty morsels of dim sum to satisfy this SF girl.

Total bill: $40 and change, not including tip.

Update! 10/26/07 - Recently hosted a dinner here for about 40 people in one of their private rooms.  There were some people that were really easy to work with and friendly, while there were a few others that could be a bit abrasive.

Our menu:
* Seafood Chowder soup - Pretty good. I have this soup a lot, but I never knew it went by this name.  Chunks of seafood and tofu in a thick broth.  
* Peking Duck ($32) - The skin is separated on another plate so you can start using them with the twelve buns provided.  Then the duck meat comes along on a different plate.
* Walnut Prawns ($13.95) - Jumbo shrimp with candied walnuts on a bed of broccoli.  Beautifully presented and eaten all up!
* Mongolian Beef ($8.95) - Not a particular favorite of mine, but eaten up by my fellow diners.
* Steamed Chicken, Country Style (half $11.95) - I like steamed chicken, but the chicken head can be a bit of a distraction for those who maybe shocked by it.  Light flavoring and with a little white pepper, yum!
* Fish Filet with Blackbean Sauce ($9.95) - A fave by someone else, but it was okay for me.  I prefer my fish steamed instead of stir-fried.
* Baked Pork Cutlet with Seasoned Salt ($9.95) - Tasty, but it looked like we got all the little bits while the other tables got the large pieces of pork.
* Stringbean Szechuan Style ($8.95) - I prefer my stringbeans braised, or double fried.  This was pretty standard, nothing special.
* Chang's Crispy Fried Noodle ($9.95) - HUGE order and loaded with veggies and seafood bits.  A good value for the money!

Service wise - The food came too fast.  With so many orders coming out, our guests barely had a chance to make a dent into one dish before another dish would come.  There was never enough room on the table, and it would be nice if the waitstaff assisted with condensing the dishes onto smaller one (instead of just pouring them together).  They probably should work better as a team to make sure there is room on each lazy susan before coming out with each platter.  They were better at refilling water, tea, and rice pots in the beginning of the meal, but slacked off near the end.  They did bring us a knife to cut the cake (and offered to cut it for us too), extra napkins, to go boxes, etc.  Some polishing up on customer service overall could definitely use some improvement.  

Overall, Chang's worked out well for our dinner party.  They were easy to work with in making our own menu and providing suggestions.  We also came early to decorate the room, which worked out well too.
Great food, great service, great price!!
I love the food here!!
As an extremely picky eater, I love this place!!
Best dim sum/chinese food in las vegas!
Haven't been there for Dim Sum, but had dinner there twice.. Great food. The mongolian beef was GREAT but heavy and buttery. I'm sure you can find lighter stuff on the menu if you wanted to. Both times I went there, there was literally a tour bus of Chinese tourists enjoying dinner. That's gotta tell you something...
Mmmm tableside Peking Duck....This place is definitely one of the better chinese food restaurants who don't serve kitten chow mein and bow wow broccoli. They do have the traditional chinese drab and they also cater to Americans and their ever so sweet orang chicken. The dim sum, next to Cathay house I think are similar. I miss having dim sum partners. Sigh....Oh well. Overall I had them kill a fish. Bass, fry it up and have a hot and spicy/black bean sauce on the side with sauteed peppers and onions....Mmmm Rice....Yea definitely a step up. However if you don't know where it is, it's not easy to find. Their marketing team kinda sucks. So here's to help you out Chang's and many more meals to come :)
Went to this place after reading reviews, to my surprise I really like the place. Dimsum is 8/10 and price is very reasonable especially for quality of food they server. Only draw back is it get really crowded around noon, so arrive early around 11:30am for no wait experience.
Hubby's been here before with some friends. We stopped in here to grab a few baskets of dim sum. It was lunch time and there were a lot of people in the restaurant, but only 3 trolleys roaming around over and over again. One trolley was jook with Chinese donut, the other two were dim sum items. Well, the dim sum wasn't all that great. It was mediocre at best. We had 4 baskets and the total came to slightly over $11 before tip. The tripe was flavorless, the stuffed bean curd sheets were okay. Har gow were below average, leaving the cha siu bao being the only thing passable. One of the servers came over and asked if we wanted to order some food. I asked hubby and he asked for the check. The woman then asked me in Cantonese if the food wasn't to my liking. I thought "ya think"? but then didn't really verbalize it. Why be nasty? But we'll never come back again on future trips.
Chang's is the only dim sum place I've been to in Vegas, and I believe it is one of the best chinese restaurants thus far. The dim sum is pretty good, although they don't have Hagou (shrimp) as often as I'd like. The price is pretty reasonable for dim sum. If you decide to go on the weekends, the best time to go is around 11am. It gets very crowded there, so expect a wait.
Just had the dim sum lunch here today for the 1st time even though I've lived down the street from this place for over a year and a half.  Although they only have a few carts rolling around, they have all the basics of dim sum.  Chicken feet, bahtsang (I don't know what to call it in English, I just know the Taiwanese term), various dumplings and things consisting of rice noodle and meat.  Came out to $32 for 2 including tip which was fine by me.  I would like to try dinner here sometime as some of the dishes sound fantastic.  

We went around 1:30 on a Thurs and we didn't have to wait at all.
Food was just "OKAY" in my book. I must admit, it was cheap though, $21 for 8 dim sum dishes. Service was great! We went on a Wednesday during lunch at 11:30am. Got a seat in 2 mins. We had the same cart go around us 3 times! So we ordered and received our food very quickly. Nothing to rave about the dim sum though. It was partially cold when we got to the table.

We ordered:

Chicken Feet
Har Gow
Siu Mai
Fried Taro
Beef Rice Noodle Roll
Ham Sui Gor
Fried Shrimp Wonton
Shrimp and Chive Dumpling

Tip: If you order hot tea it's $0.50/pp but if you order chrysanthenum it's $1.00/pp.
Eh. Semi-decent, if greasy, dim sum. I'm not usually in it for the decor, but the carpet in this place is disgusting. Like, worse than the Excalibur. Dirty walk-paths, faded spots, and most of it's threadbare. The architecture is really odd, too. I actually laughed out loud after having to walk in a spiral to get into the bathroom.

Other than that, the hostesses suck, the service sucks, and they didn't want to offer the white guy and black lady anything non-pedestrian. It was like pulling teeth to get the congee cart to stop at our table. I might go back in a pinch, but probably not.
The bill for our party of eleven only came to $148.  Friggin' unbelievable for dim sum.  I particularly loved the har gow (shrimp dumplings in the clear wrappers).  Funny detail- My dad recognized one of the waitresses who is also a dealer at Main Street.  What's more, she recognized him.  He gambles way too much!
We were seated right away around noon on a Sunday, the service was fast and concise, and the food came fast. There was not a huge selection of carts, but almost everything we had was up to dim sum standards and great. The shrimp balls were excellent, and the "deep fried dumplings" were amazing--we think they had pork in them, but either way they were great. Definitely easy, delicious, and very typical for dim sum. We will definitely go there again, but it wasn't quite as good as our Chinatown place we used to go to in Atlanta.
If you're in Vegas and crave for Chinese Dim Sum... then this is the place. For the past 5 years, the taste and the quality of their Dim Sum has been consistent.  

Har gow, siu mai, chicken feet, beef tripe, meat balls, and ribs in blackbean sauce is pretty good. Price is reasonable... one time I ate $68 worth of Dim Sum by myself... that was a lot of Dim sum =P What do you expect for an Asian boy from Ohio with few good Chinese food? =)

Parking can be a pain on weekend. =/

However, it's still no match for Dim Sum in LA or SF. Never tried dinner here.
As a resident here in Vegas...it's one of the best Dim Sum restaurants in town. For out of town Yelpers...no need to look further for your Dim Sum fix. This place don't open till 10 or 10:30am and Dim Sum isn't served all day. Weekends can get a bit crowded so get there early.
If I want good Chinese food, this is the place. Dim sum is great. Right now, I think there is a discount on the medium and large plate for $1.98 something during the weekday. Beside dim sum, i come here for the regular food. One dish I did not like was an eggplant dish that was way too sweet. Other dishes are pretty good.
How do you rate a place you ate at when you were highly inebriated? The food at Chang's was solid from what I could tell, though maybe cardboard would've done the trick the state I was in. I didn't try the dim sum, but the string beans Szechuan style,
deep fried whole fish, Szechuan Eggplant, and short ribs with garlic were all good, nothing terribly gloppy or oversweetened like some Chinese joints. I have to say, however, that the paper inside the fortune cookie was WAY underseasoned. Can't a guy eat a decent fortune these days?
Good god, this place is amazing.  

It was PACKED around noon on a Thursday....can you explain that?  The must be THAT good.  Chang's had every dim sum item known to man and it was SO good.  They even had the fried dough and congee.  Taro, shu mai, tripe, spare ribs...the list can go on forever.  The owner even came to our table numerous times to check in on us. My entire family was in a food coma state. Screw the fake Chinese food on the strip....If you want something to satisfy your craving for delicious food, check this place out!
We were led to this place by our friend who is a local here. Morning dimsum on Saturday was a definitely fantastic idea, I have to say.

The dimsum here was excellent. I am not that familiar with dimsum but man, every one of the dimsum we ordered was kickass good. I also wanted xiao long bao, and they had it on the menu, so we ordered it. The skin was a bit on the thicker side, but the bao itself was top notch. They also had egg tarts. Oh man, egg tarts. I lUV EGG TARTS!!!

I wish I knew the names of the dimsum better. Guess my review isn't that useful after all, but I surely enjoyed their food =D
Bf was craving dim sum last Sat - we had been to a great place on one of our last visits but couldn't remember the name.  I thought I would remember the street so we drove around for a while and gave up.  I decided to give a call to my pop.  He would know!  He asked his lady where the best DS place is and her prompt response was "Changs on Trop and Decatur".  

Side note: She knows what she is talking about a) she is full Asian (I am only .5) b)she is a host to Asian hi-rollas and c)she used to live here and has good taste in food.

So imagine our surprise when we drove up to Changs and it was the place we had been before!  Yesss!!  There was no wait (it was about 2:30 pm) so we got seated immediately.  We had delicious shu mai, har gow, sticky rice, cha seu bao,  shrimp in the long white noodle (rolled up and cut with scissors), the sticky rice in banana leaves and I got a hankering for jook  and it did not disappoint!

Yay for Changs and my dad's lady for saving the dim sum day!

We can't wait to come back!
Overall, it was my least favorite dim sum place in LV.  I didn't mind the 15-minute wait but we were seated at a table smack dab in the middle of the room where the cart ladies couldn't get to us so we were always overlooked.  We had to hunt down our own food and ask for things more than once or twice.  The food was standard, nothing memorable.  In a pinch I would come here again but ask for a better positioned table.
While visiting Vegas, I dropped by this place based on the recommendations of fellow yelpers and found this place be "ok". The Dim Sum was average as there was nothing unique about any of the dishes. The service was friendly but a bit slow to respond. The eniroment can be improve. The floor was clearly worn down and the back of the chairs were sticky. I might come back if I'm craving Dim Sum. I recommend one to come early.
If you are craving dim sum, then this is the place to go. The food and the experience is exactly what you would expect from an Asian restaurant.

The only thing that was new and out of the ordinary to me was the mango pudding, which was yummy and was the perfect amount of sweetness. If you're not too full at the end of the meal, you might find yourself ordering two.
Changs is the best place for dim sum in vegas,it up to par with the bay area's dim sum rest.very good quality food with low prices and good service
We arrived at 11am and were seated within 5 mins, But beware, once 11:30am hits, it's a popping place. I was amazed at how full it got within minutes . It's very much worth it though. great Dim Sum, great prices and friendly service. It's very authentic, which means at times you have to get the ladies with the carts attention. I'm making this my routinely stop whenever I visit  Vegas
This place is fantastic. I love the siew mai. It is as authentic as it can get. Prices are really really low. Dim Sum specials are $1.98 for all groups but its for dine in only. Otherwise, group A is 1,85 (20 varieties), group B is 2.50 (19 varieties) and Group C is $3.75 (2 varieties). The group A items are the standard dim sum items. Good enough. You MUST try the home made sweet toufu. Its a dessert and the toufu is so smooth. I am going back tomorrow. They serve Dim sum from 10.30 to 3pm. Specials are for all days except holidays.
After two dimsum tries in Vegas, I gave it up until today.  I was craving for it and just ran quick yelp run from hotel room ... for just in case... and... boy... was I REWARDED :)
Okay, place isn't fancy.  Bit corny looking if you asked me.  It isn't what I would call clean nor dirty.  Beyond that, though, I have many positive things I found.
1) Tea was good.
2) Food in general was good.  Some dimsum dishes were just perfect while others were good.
3) I like old cart style ;)  And this place does it the old way with ladies running around.
4) Service is fast.  Which is unusual for dimsum place.
5) Speaks decent English for dimsum standard.  Places in Los Angeles vicinity... I had to use sign languages at times... not here.
6) Price was very reasonable.  Cheap in fact with their weekday specials running low prices.
Basically, party of 4 adults and 3 kids costed less than $50 including gratuity...  Now, that is value.
Probably will swing there for tomorrow's lunch as well :)
Hmmm.. . dim sum! I always find myself in the mood for dim sum. The dim sum here is very inexpensive and is just as good as any where else. I think this place is actually the cheapest that I have found. Try to come early because they are always busy every time I come here.
Great dim sum for Las Vegas.  This place is very inexpensive and everything seems to taste fairly good.

There was a special on the door for $1.98 dim sum on weekdays when I was there.  That's crazy!

Definitely a must go if you're asian and craving dim sum while visiting Las Vegas.
We arrived at about 10:35 am (they open at 10:30) and the place was already half full.    By the time we left about 11:15, it was packed.

Prices can't be beat here and the food is good.     We'd tried Cathay House on a prior visit to Vegas and Chang's is definitely much better, on par with San Francisco, New York and Boston.

A prior Yelper noted the worn carpet - we thought it was in pretty good shape compared to some of the other dim sum places we've been.     It's the nature of the business and I'd be scared if it was too new.
Well, had lunch here Sunday, and it was fine.  I think the offerings from one dim sum restaurant to the next are generally the same (har gow, siu mai, pai gut, fung zao, et al), with the probability of the cooks in the back wanting to make a dish other restaurants don't have, which is a good thing for competition.

I got in around 10:45-ish and was immediately seated, asked what beverage(s) I wanted and started to order away.  I notice the siu mai skin was thinner here than at Harbor Palace; for me that's neither good nor bad, just a difference.  The one thing I should have ordered but didn't was the you tiao ("Chinese doughnuts") that are served with jook.  It's, what, a foot of dough fried until golden brown and delicious?  I wasn't getting any jook, and I haven't had you tiao for ages.  At least I know where I can get some quick, since I live down the road from them.

I like the ambiance/feel of the place; it's a more subdued feel, and more "modern," as opposed to HP, which I know has been in operation since at least 2002, when I first went there.  (Not to bash anyone, but in time the luster and sheen of Chang's will fade, too.)  I guess the owners wanted that pavilion vibe, which I can totally dig.  Unfortunately, the windows look out onto the parking lot outside; but, I still give them credit.  And, it was good to see that not only were the typical Asians there, but also whites and blacks, which always helps demystifying the culture.

I'm going to give Chang's the same rating as HP, because I feel the food and service were equally the same.  Chang's is a good place that's not too far from the Strip and serving the locals.
Love this place. The dim sum is delicious. Especially their ha gao and their tofu with ginger sauce. We usually go here during the weekday for the $ 1.98 special. How can you say no to that?
I live in the San Francisco bay area and coming to Chang's I was a bit disappointed. I arrived right at opening and  I was seated right away. I tried three dishes each one was no better than microwave dim sum. I had an order of shiu mai, har gow and rice noodle roll with shrimp. I would have given 1 star on taste alone but the staff was very attentive and friendly. I spoke to a young asian couple at the table next to me and I was asking them if there were any other GOOD dim sum places in Vegas. They sadly said Chang's was as good as it gets. They did mention another place that I had also seen on Yelp the night before when I was researching dim sum places to try. that place was Orchids Garden. Since breakfast was so disappointing maybe I will try Orchids for lunch. TO BE CONTINUED....
The dim sum here was hit or miss. I came came here with some family that were already in town right after I flew in. Some of the dim sum was 4 or 5 stars while most were really bland in taste. I've been here before and would have given it a 4 star review at my prior visits here. I was pretty disappointed overall with the food here the other day. Still, the dim sum here is pretty cheap though.

We ordered the usual dim sum dishes which included a variety of dumplings, steamed dishes and fried goodies. We ordered quite a bit of food so I'm just going to highlight the goodies. The sticky rice dish, the steamed chicken paws, and a few of the fried goodies were all pretty good while everything else we ordered was mediocre at best.

I might have to check out another dim sum place next time. This place isn't the go to place that I've always relied on it to be.
this place is expensive and not even good. its really busy, but i prefer not to eat at this place. because of the price... for 3 people it came out to like 48 dollars or something? WTH? 

No Way... Thirty something i could have dealt with but 48? I kno that wasnt worth $48!

Portions are small. The food isnt BAD... BUT NOT WORTH IT!!!!!
Hmmm, this place is a little difficult for me to review to be honest. My wife and I were treated to this place by my father-in-law and his girlfriend, both of whom have had prior experience ordering dim sum. I expect this is why our experience was a bit more positive than some of the other reviews I've read on yelp. It does kind of help if you have an idea of what you are ordering ahead of time since many of the dishes taste different then they actually look.

We got there at exactly 10:30 and managed to get a table just fine, but fairly quickly the restaurant started to fill up with large families. I'm told that this is fairly usual here and that you should expect to wait for awhile if you get there much later than that. 

Ok, time for the food. I can't recall half the stuff we ended up ordering, but I do remember that many of the dumplings and buns went down really well with our group. The pork buns, shrimp dumplings, vegetable dumplings all were pretty tasty. The pork buns were especially good, bigger and more full of meat than most chinese restaurants I've been too. Egg rolls were pretty much the standard stuff, but the fried shrimp balls were quite tasty (I feel weird saying that for some reason, lol). The rice was tasty, a bit sticky and moist with lots of stuff mixed in. The one item that completely shocked the table on how yummy  it was was the homemade sweet tofu. Very yummy, my wife ended up getting a second bowl.

Something to keep in mind though is that it takes time for the waiters to bring out all the carts. We noticed that at around 11:30, just as we were finishing up, the waiters were bringing out the more savory meat dishes and so on. Kind of annoying, but makes me think that next time I come I'll have to plan on either taking my sweet time with my meal or come a little later and deal with the wait. All in all it was an enjoyable meal, but going as a group really ended up helping because we got to sample more and had plenty of good conversation going. Also, I got to watch my wife try eating chicken feet... *snicker*
Yumm!! I love this place! I used to live in vegas for a short time and made this an every sunday event w.my family.....Good assortment of dim sum and it is actually cheaper than most dim sum places, (if it still is) erverytime I come back to visit my sis, I always go here. I recommend coming early though because they often have a line coming out the door, but i really like it. It sure is yummy! The only thing that I thought was kind of bland was the rice porridge, but I can excuse that for the prices lol.
Did you ever want to try a new restaurant that was rated pretty well and found out that you should whip out the ol' Blackberry and log onto the site just to heave the thing across the room in the hopes of watching the communicative device shatter into a glorious spectacle of plastic and debris? Well this was the case in the following review I'm about to "drop" on you! 

The wife read about Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine that a "Yelper" had reviewed. We were planning a trip to Vegas and figured that we would try something different, as opposed to the usual buffets that we would normally head straight for. Innocently enough, we made a B-Line straight to Chang's once we arrived in Vegas and was anticipating a decent Dim Sum experience. Once we got there, we were left standing in the Foyer for a few minutes. During this time, I noticed that one of the servers arrived late from behind us and hadn't had the chance to clock in before she sat us. I just found that kinda funny and thought I would share this with you! =) 

As the Brunch progressed, the wife got really tiffed because the best Chinese team, in terms of timing and follow-through, in the Dim Sum industry decided that they would all take the day off and allow the lack-luster, slow, and incompetent crew work a solid day. Whoa is me! 

Service was slow, our tea order was really late, the food was sub-par, and most of all, my hot chili sauce was late! I loves me some hot chili sauce with my Dim Sum dumplins!

I think that the highlight of our experience was when my wife finally threw in the towel and flagged down a Chinese lady and berated her with God knows what! I couldn't tell you what she said but service surely improved from that point on! God I love feisty Chinese women! 

The Dim Sum itself was not memorable and the chicken feet were like the worst things because it tasted breaded before braising.  It felt and tasted gummy.  

The prices were great and its location was easy to find! It wasn't tucked in the corner of some sleezy shopping plaza that may be impossible to get into or out--to! 

The final note from me is that, all in all, I will not go out of my way to come back here. I think the only way I would is if a friend clocked me over the head with a baseball bat (preferably metal..my head might shatter a wooden one then I'll be left cleaning the bits of splintered wood from the carpet with a headache! Who wants that?!) and bribe the paramedics to drop us off here rather than the Hospital. Maybe this way I wouldn't mind the mediocre tasting food, but I'd probably bleed out before I get my chili sauce! =(
My friend dragged me to this place when I was really not in the mood for dim sum. I'm glad he did as we ended up having a great meal. There was plenty of variety and everything was very affordable. The food was traditional Hong Kong style dim sum. They didn't try too many fusion dishes or try to put anything not usually served at dim sum. It was nothing innovative, but still very good. The usual caveats of Chinese restaurant apply. Most of the tables are big. Our group of 4 got sat at a table that could have easily sat 8-10. Also, your hot tea will always be refilled, but good luck getting ice water.

I went back again with relatives a few weeks later. It was not as great of an experience. I think part of it was because we arrived too early. The carts all had the same items. By the time we were leaving, some of the items I had remembered from my first visit started coming out. I'd recommend this place, but don't come too early, although that may be difficult because they get very busy.
I declare that Chang's is the only dim sum in Las Vegas.  By comparison, everything else is just a bunch of mashed-up food stuff in steam dishes.  Me and my girlfriend have probably been here 6 or 7 times, and the only disappointment we've ever had was that her favorite crispy-topped BBQ pork buns were all gone.  If you make the slightest effort to speak Chinese, the waitresses (who are mostly from Guangdong but all speak at least okay Mandarin and can definitely understand all the rudimentary things I can say) will fawn all over you and be your buddies forever.   I don't even want to try describing the best dishes because I won't even scratch the surface.  Just go during lunch on a weekday, order a ton of food, and say I was right.
Good Dimsum!
I had a long lunch break in between school, and my friend had mentioned this place prior to me going there, so on my birthday me and couple of my colleagues checked this place out, and to my surprise it was great. Various dimsum dishes served on rolling carts, and most of "new" dimsums I tried my friends recommended was awesome. Price was decent too. Will go back FOR SURE! :)

Great Dimsum in Las Vegas? Hard to believe yet true!
:) This is how I feel after dim sum. I LOVE dim sum and up until now I had no idea where to go in Vegas to find it. Thank you fellow yelpers for your reviews on Chang's. The boyfriend and I checked it out and we will be returning to fulfill dim sum cravings in the future. We went on a Thursday afternoon around 2pm (they serve dim sum up until 5pm). My only complaint is one of the dishes we got off the traveling carts was cold :( But other than that the food was great and reasonably priced.
I was visiting Vegas & the fam was craving dim sum. Food was great & service was very attentive. Loved it overall. 

Sidenote: we went at a random time when it was completely empty.
awesome for dim sum,  very traditional, huge selection and great prices.  would get 5 stars but the cart ladies dont speak much english,  so unless your with your chinese sidekick or you know alot about chinese food, good luck figuring out what everything is!!!

check it out
We came here close to the end of dim sum time (~3).  We got some items from the carts and some we ordered (them accommodating us).  Of the regular dim sum dishes we had (har gaw, sui mai, no mai gai, fung jao, pai gut, cheung fun), I thought they were all pretty tasty and flavorful.  Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
Great dim-sum!  Freshly done.  Ordered the following:

har kow
sui mai
panfried turnip cake
kailan with oyster sauce
congee
taufu fah(dessert) 

Service was excellent.  Very observant.

Must try dinner next time I go to Vegas.
Wow! I've been to Las Vegas a dozen times and never knew this place existed... Hell, I didn't even realize the strip is next door to Chinatown!!! Whaaaat!!!

This place opens at 10:30am on the weekend. I was there for Dim Sum right when it opened. The food was great. A lot of the pastries like the Sesame Balls, Barbeque Pork Pies were fresh out of the oven and hot! Those were GREAT!!! Seriously I didn't realize the difference, but if I can make a comparison. Cookies fresh from the oven are WAY better than ones sitting around, so were the Sesame Balls. The Sui Mai was fresh too, but I think the chicken feet were a little over done. That was the only bad thing I have to say.

The Good:
Very close to the strip by taxi 
Walking distance from The Orleans Casino
Good Authentic Dim Sum
Inexpensive
Decent/Friendly Service (is that possible at Dim Sum?)

The Bad:
No taxi's readily in the area to get you back to the strip.
If you walk to The Orleans for a taxi the neighborhood gets a little slummy.
This place is great! The hot stuff was all very hot (it looked like there were flames in the carts... very cool) all tasty, cheap. The place is clean, nice ambience, and very spacious. Not like the Dim Sum places in Seattle!

The BBQ pork triangle pastries are seriously the bomb. Have lots of those!
I don't get to have dim sum very often, but we were craving it and this place got good reviews so my friends and I decided to check it out.  We were a little put off when they asked us if we would share a table with another party, but after we refused to share they found us a table pretty quickly.  The food was fresh and delicious, lots of choices and everything was a hit.  The pork buns were still warm, the turnip cake was delicious, and we were so excited that they had porridge and the Chinese donuts!  Service was not great, but that's no surprise- the food more than made up for it.  I didn't have an egg tart at the end of the meal because I was stuffed, but those at our table who did said they were incredibly fresh and tasty.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm craving dim sum in Vegas!
In general, I've had good experiences with food in Vegas.  That is until this trip.  Things that were different with this trip:

1. Went during the weekday.
2. Went on one of the slowest times of the year.
3. Lost money... OK. Actually this always happens.

We read some pretty promising reviews before leaving, that and my gf said she heard there was good dim sum in Vegas.  It just didn't pan out for us.  

We got to Chang's around 12PM.  The place was half full, so we were seated promptly.  The tea hit the table 5 minutes later.  We were able to quickly order... standard stuff ha gow, sui mai, ji jiao, etc.  There wasn't anything special on the carts...  which is fine, but the food was just OK.  

I think I'm going to have to pass on betting on Chang's again.
Never use this restaurant for your wedding reception or any special banquet . They so nice at the beginning but they so rued and try to make money after you deposit. I had no way to get out because my date already set ,the invitation already sent so i get stuck with them. Service so bad ..I am so embarrassing with my guess..and so sorry to choose this restaurant
Good dim sum.  Everything is good.  The spare riblets could be better, but everything else is solid.  The ladies with the carts of food are pushy but not too pushy.  Busy dim sum atmosphere.  The prices are decent too.
This was the first dim sum restaurant we try in LV. We're looking for property in LV every month and we'll drop by Chang's for dim sum at lease once. There dim sum was good the first couple time we had. At lease my bf (AAOCF) enjoin it, "American afraid of Chinese food". Until we kinda skip dim sum for couple month and go back it wasn't the same from then... We were there about 11am and only half full... Food was cold, Har Gaw (shrimp dumpling) skin was hard, Har Chung (shrimp noodle roll) was thick and cold. My bf love steam pork rib,....but ya that also cold and oily. btw, sometime is hard to find parking spot there.

Well, it just didn't take much for a restaurant to go down..... 

We might go back, unless we're really dieing for dim sum and can't find another good dim sum place to go...... i think the chance is only 20% of going back out of 100%......
I took my fam here cuz a couple of the Asian girls at work highly recommended it.
(I would hope they would know the best place to go)
The outside looks like it neede a fresh new paint job. 
We got seated right away but then we went before the lunchtime madness.  
The food to me was very salty.  A lot of everything I picked.  The chow fun was quite tasty though.  The har gaw did not have enough shrimp in it.  It's been a while since we went there but I just know I don't like it there very much.
Chang's of Las Vegas is great for one thing.... DIM SUM! This place is way better then Cathay House but can become packed during the weekends during lunch, especially on Sunday's. Personally, all my friends and family that I take to Chang's always enjoy it and we look forward to our next visit when we are in the mood for dim sum. 

*TIP*: On Sundays, try and get there right as they open as to beat the church crowd/everyone else that wants dim sum on sunday. This place can become silly busy but personally it is always worth the wait!
Pros: Dim Sum is good! Chicken feet meat just falls off bones yum... The basics are good. Pretty cheap too

Cons: I'm Viet so we like ot sate (oily chilly sauce)... They don't have it... Probably cause this is authentic Hong Kong style .. But they got chilly sauce... just not oily

We had a table for 15... Tea and water good...service ok... The plates and chopsticks were not so clean... Gotta wipe it down 

Nothing amazing but good for las Vegas
Me and two of my girl friends were excited to try the dim sum here!  As soon as you walk in the aroma of the place just hits the spot so you know you are in the right place.  We were seated right away since we came in before the lunch crowd.  All of our dim sum was very tasty and hot.  The best part of our lunch was the Tofu Fa which between the three of us had five bowls.  After wards we fell into a food coma.  We will definitely come here again :)
Me and my girl friend have been here a few times. She's from Beijing and she likes it and says the food is good. The decor is a little dated but the prices are very reasonable. 2 people can eat for under thirty dollars. We will go back.
every time i eat dim sum, two things are inevitable:
1.  i always eat waaay too much 

2.  i always wear a white shirt (not planned) and get splashes of soy sauce all over my shirt that ends up looking like ink blots on a rorschach test...run- on sentence...i know =)

on my last trip, my friend and i ordered:

siu mai
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=wjCjFIztbagVr9lHBQ0C5Q

spare ribs with black bean sauce
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=0MsGq9FNq0j8_DuU4mu_8g

XLB
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=pcKfKHdWMaguiWGuQDuqrg

steamed bbq buns
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=5H8zdgaVzoRbIAw6EA_sOQ

sticky rice with shrimp and chinese sausage
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=A74GTaO1gsz24yRK3mttcg

flat noodle with shrimp
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=4pxQ8iD5jGlfywsv-cWw5g

sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=ouW5rSHjWjJo-XKmp1bqRA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=tPsRoVF7rxbUFZKC-txU6w

chive and shrimp dumpling
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=fZ9stiaNEPs-7ITysnN82Q
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=5Gy2f2LHSSG-vvqNM4zkGA

fried smelt
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=d3Ry2bDDtXT5vtgw3mHjUw

smelt roe
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=b0i870qndlOkZ3Qut0eLPQ

tofu pudding with carmelized ginger sauce
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=Cxihey8np1zw_pmyufDfpQ

dim sum at chang's is consistently good...i love that they serve dim sum EVERYDAY...they even have fried smelt on a weekday...although we had to ask for it...also noticed they have a larger selection on the weekends, but gets really packed...i suggest going early to avoid the wait and crowds...parking can also be a pain
I have never had Dim Sum until this weekend....it was a totally new experience for me.  I met up w/ some friends in Vegas (who lived there) because I was in town (to PARTY)!.
They invited me to Changs to lunch where I had met them.  They explained to me how it worked but they did all the ordering because I would probably order some weird stuff.  
Now I dont know the names of any of the stuff I ate..so im going to try and describe it was best as I can....

We had some sort of Round Flat noodle (good!)

Pork Buns ( Great!)

Shrimp wrapped in won ton paper ( GREAT!)

Shrimp Balls served w/ Mayo ( LOVED IT)

Some type of meat on a bone. ( GOOD!)

Veggie ball ( didnt try it)

Bok Choy ( AWESOME)

Chicken Feet - Okay! I wasn't going to try this but I figured why not?
I guess its an aquired taste because I put a TOE in my mouth and tried to suck off the skin....and its kind of just oozed onto my tongue.  I gracefully put the foot onto my plate and there it stayed the rest of the meal.  
I just couldn't handle the texture.  The seasoning and light chile sauce was great but the gelatenous skin wasn't doing it for me....AT ALL!!

I know we ate more but I can't remember anything else ..(i was still drunk from the night before!)

One thing I can tell you is that this place must be "authentic" because the restaurant was filled w/ only Chinese folks....I was the only "white" dude in the restaurant and im LATINO!  LOL!

If you're in Vegas and want to try some Dim Sum...this place is the haps!
My girlfriend always bugs me for true dim sum every time she's in town to visit me.  Whilst on our recent junket to Sin City, it seemed that my local Vegas friends weren't very dim sum savvy, which led me to research and... gamble... on a place I felt would suit our tastes for authentic dim sum cuisine. 

That's when I discovered Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine, via the internet... and it did NOT disappoint!

Daily dim sum is always a plus in my book, and Chang's serves it up hot and fresh.  I found their service to be NICER than the local restaurants here in the OC, which gets major points in my book!  

We stuck with the usual dishes; har-gow (shrimp wrapped in "clear" starch wrap...), vegetable shumai, lo mai gai (sticky rice with meat & mushroom mix wrapped in a lotus leaf...), a few other dishes that I have no clue the names to, lol... AND, we ordered the walnut shrimp from the regular menu.  

Everything from the dim sum carts was as to be expected; hot, fresh, flavorful, and moist.  The walnut shrimp was incredible, although I felt there to be an over-abundance of the mayo sauce for my personal taste.

Did I mention how stellar the service was?  Friendly, inviting, prompt, and not "all up in your face".  I will visit Chang's every time I head out to Vegas, it has become my favorite local joint for good, authentic Chinese cuisine.

Mahalo fo reading!  =D
Chang's will definitely be our go-to place for dim sum in Vegas!

On a recent weekday visit, I was concerned that we may have arrived a bit too late for dim sum.  But I was wrong!  A little before 1 and there was still a stream of leisurely dim sum eaters enjoying their lunch and reading the newspaper.  (This was definitely a good sign since many of the customers were reading the Chinese language newspaper!)

Most importantly, tea was brought out to us before the food came.  Nonetheless, the dim sum cart ladies were more than happy to surround us once we were seated.  I did ask for them to give us a moment as we were waiting for the rest of our party (in Cantonese) and they were more than happy to oblige in a polite manner.

Among the offerings, this is what we got:

* Shrimp Dumplings
* Pork Dumplings
* Shanghai Dumplings
* Peanut and Chive Dumplings
* Tofu Skin Roll
* Steamed Tripe
* Pork Spare Ribs
* Beef Rice Noodle Roll
* Chicken Feet in Black Bean Sauce - The first few carts didn't have this, but they were sure to let the kitchen know it was requested.  And the best part, they brought it to our table first when it did come out.  And that's how a dim sum restaurant should work!

Our favorite - Egg Custard Pineapple Bun!  It was so creamy good, delicious and piping hot!  Look out for the ladies holding it on a tray because that means it just came out of the oven and it's definitely not something you want to miss!  (The Husband and I were still thinking about them later on in the day!)

Prices for dim sum are:

Small, A group: $1.85
Medium, B group: $2.50
Large, C group: $3.75
D group: $5
E group: $6.75
(Seven of the things we ordered was part of the B group, with three items being in the A group, and one item in the C group.)

Sure, they can really invest in updating their sign outside since it's fading so bad.  And one dim sum cart lady was a bit pushy, in a humorous way, as she joked with me in my poor Cantonese.  But once I ordered a dish from her cart, she was gone.  Empty dishes were cleared in a quick manner, maybe still a bit too efficient but workable.

And they do have hot chili oil!  They will automatically bring out hot chili sauce, but let them know you want the oil and out it will come!

$36 for party of three, tip and tax included

Update! (05.12.10)

I just went yesterday for dim sum and they were still pretty where we had to wait for a short while for our party of four.  

They apparently ran out of hot chili oil!  Argh!  So, we were stuck with the regular hot chili sauce. Bleh.  

$40 for a party of four, tip not included.
I never thought that I would even think about Dim Sum in the Sin City. Being from the bay, you would think that I got enough of it, but here we were searching for that comfort food.. and we found ourselves here. I didn't even remember the name so thanks to the pagoda looking photo.

Dont remember exactly what we ordered but for sure some of the basic: shrimp dumpling, siu mai, sticky rice, chicken feet, pork ribs, mango pudding, rice rolls, baos.. etc, and it was all pretty good. The service was good and the restaurant was pretty full. The bill was generous, spent around $55ish for the 4 of us.. but we ordered a variety. 

I'm a lil butthurt, I looked thru the pics & saw that they had seared ahi. I dont remember that being there when I went. boo. 

But Chang's will forever be our designated dim sum stop if we ever crave it in vegas.
You know, you come to Vegas for the shows, the action, and the food. But so many people stick to the strip for the food. There is so much great food in Vegas and it's only a $10 cab ride away. Chang's is one of these diamonds.

If you are a fan of Dim Sum, you have to check out Chang's on a Sat or Sun morning; Sunday being the most popular day of course. The sticky pork buns (Char siu baau) was perfect. Not too sweet like some others I've had, but with a great mix of salty pork, BBQ flavor, and honey. Great Hangover food.

Their Lotus Leaf Rice (Lo mai gai) was also one of the best I have ever had (best as in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Las Vegas) with the flavor being subtle but delicious. Finally, the Rice Congee (rice porridge) was good enough that I had two bowls. One was "plain" and the other I added a small bit of the spicy red paste.

So you've been to the best club, you drink some great drinks, your tan is looking bronze, and you need a place to get some brunch (because you are not getting out of bed before 11am - it's Vegas). I highly recommend Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine. It only a few blocks off the strip on Flamingo Blvd near the Home Depot. You're welcome.
Pretty good Dim Sum for Sin City. But they only serve from 10am-3pm, seven days a week. After 3pm it's dinner only and they only have 1-3 dim sum items on the dinner menu. You can tell a major difference in the availability of parking spaces between dim sum time and regular dinner. But I've found its generally a good sign when I'm the only white person in a Dim Sum place. Which was definitely the case here. All locals. Came here on a Sunday (busiest day)!

*BBQ pork buns steamed & baked. Baked was sweeter because of the sweetness of the bread and looks like a regular bun. But I like dipping the steamed version in soy sauce more.
*Sticky rice in lotus leaf (with meat/shrimp filing). You MUST get this one
*Steamed spare ribs in black bean sauce
*Shrimp Har Gow

We got 6 different types of dim sum + hot tea for $17.80 (for 2 people). It doesn't get better than that in Sin City! Only bummer was that we got full before they brought out the Steamed Chinese Broccoli + Oyster Sauce. Which is one of my favorites :( ! But I'd say this place is a must for any trip to LV. Especially after dining at all the fancy smanshy places on the strip. It's also really easy to get to ---- just go down Tropicana (towards the Rio) and make a right on Decatur. Boom you're there!
This is my new Las Vegas Sunday tradition!  Best Dim Sum in Las Vegas.
The trolley carts are very traditional, the waitstaff have a good sense of humor.
Very affordable.
The food was definitely okay but not the dimsum that you hope for in a town with so many chinese visitors.

And, credit card minimum of $100?! Well maybe I misheard, but why not just say no credit cards...
Visited Chang's for dinner several years ago and I can still remember how yummy their Honey Walnut Prawns were!  

Next on my Foodie Bucket List: I must return to check out their dim sum selections.  I gave up on finding decent dim sum in LV long ago, but since this place has been recommended so highly here on Yelp, I will give it a try.  My fellow Yelpers really know their chow!   I used to live in San Francisco, so my dim sum expectations are way up there, but I will roll the dice and see how they fall at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine.  

More to follow ...
This place is my new favorite dim sum place in Vegas!  I wasn't really too impressed with the others around town.  My only gripe is that there were way too many shrimp items and not enough beef or chicken items in the carts.  It could be at the time we went (around 1 or 2pm), but it would still have been  nice to have more variety.  But I can't complain about the price!  Inexpensive and worth it!
Not bad! Great selection for Dim Sum and not that bad of a price. The jelly fish tenticels....mmmmm
Just had Sunday brunch.  Best dim sum I've had in years.  They even had walnut shrimp.  Selection is huge and vegetables fresh.  Great service, attentive but not pushy.
This review is really long overdue. I remember having this during the weekend of CES, yup all the way back in January. This was my first dim sum experience in Vegas.

@ Shrimp Dumplings - Good shrimp and texture on the skin. 

@ Pork Dumplings - This looked good, but it did have a taste like it was spoiled.

@ Fried Shrimps - Its similar to the stuff you get in the frozen food isle and you deep fry quickly.

@ Fried Shrimp in Wonton Skin - This is a much better appetiizer than the fried shrimp. Its more crispier and you can actually taste the shrimp flavor in this.

@ Shrimp in Rice Noodles - The shrimp was good, but the rice noodles and soy sauce just seem out of place. The rice noodle was a little mushy and it seems like they used the wrong kind of soy sauce, not the diluted soy sauce.

@ Congee - This was just bad. Lack of flavor and just disappointing for me. 

@ Egg Filled Buns - Another disappointing item. The fillings could have more flavor, but its just a bun with an egg filling. Just blah. 

@ Sweet Tofu Desert - Good smooth taste. Nothing spectacular however.

This is one of the more inexpensive dim sums in town and probably one of the better ones. But that isn't saying much. I would say this place falls short of Ping Pang Pong slightly, but not by much. Those raised with CA dimsum will be disappointed. Everyone else should enjoy the dishes.
I had only gotten dim sum one time before this one, and sadly, it was not the business.  When my friends called me up to meet up here, I was hesitant, but figured, why the hell not? :]  It ended up being a very good passive decision.

The place was packed, but service moved very quickly.  Everyone was picking and choosing and pulling things off of carts... it was great.  I got to try a lot of things for the first time, including something with shrimp and rice paper. (yeah, lots of foreign names that I have no idea how to say, nor spell).  Everything was also very reasonably priced.  I think that the most expensive thing was 3.75, but there were so many of us that we all got our full for under $10 each. :] 

Overall, it was a really good experience, the customer service was super and the food was really good!
we just had our wedding reception here at chang's...they were awesome and took care of us.  thanks to Jack and John our special day was as memorable and smooth as can be.  besides the service, their dinner was delicious.  we had the seafood chowder, peking duck, walnut prawns, black pepper steak, flounder, veggies, house special fried rice and noodle, whole chicken, orange blossom pork chop, etc.  everyone of our guests were satisfied.  fantastic job chef!  it felt like we had the whole place to ourselves too =)  if you're visiting vegas or local, please make sure to try out chang's, you won't be disappointed.
Good food, moderate service, great price.

The dim sum menu is relatively diverse and most of the items are as good as one might expect. The flavors of the more complex and/or bizarre items are not as good, like the chicken feet. The soft tofu with ginger simple syrup was my favorite. Simple but reminds me of home on the Philippines.
Who loves DIM SUM? I love me SUM! These was pretty good. What I liked best was the variety of carts going around. They also had a waitress walking around offering entrees such as fried rice and calamari. 

It was somewhat busy but we were able to get our food FAST. Because of our hunger, I think we must have spent 10 minutes in there inhaling the food. My only advice... slow down and enjoy the dim sum. Otherwise, you'll end up like me: bloated and full after a measly 10 minutes. HA!
We usually go to Cathay House for dim sum when we're in Vegas but we saw this review on Yelp & tried it out. It's better (& cleaner) than Cathay House.
Limited dim sum selection, especially steamed food.  Quality is so-so, have tried much better ones in the US.  I'd skip this place next time.  Seem to be busy, but I guess it's catered to foreigners who don't know what real Chinese dim sum is.
I've had my fair share of dim sum growing up (born and raised in a cantonese household) and I can tell you when it's good dim sum.  Chang's was so good I went back the next day to get more.  Now, for the older generation asian folks you may think it's only so-so but I think Chang's is pretty darn good for a city like Las Vegas that has a smaller Chinese community.  

I loved the authentic atmosphere of the place.  Everyone spoke Chinese and waitresses (in good o' trolley carts) were friendly.  Service was fast (I like to get my hot sauce when I ask for it) and the place was clean (for an Asian place).  I love that it was packed even at 2pm because it just adds to the upbeat atmosphere.  

Another bonus is that this place is decently priced.  I don't remember exactly how many dishes my friend and I had but the bill came to around $21 w/o tax and we had ate to our heart's content.  

This place is only 2 miles from the strip so I would recommend any tourists to check this out, especially if you're looking for some authentic Chinese food.  Restaurants on the strip are pricey and it's only for show (the food usually isn't great for how much you're paying).
Having grown up in hong kong and Singapore, I must admit their dim sum is excellent and a great value for money. Staffed with a primarily Cantonese speaking staff adds to the authenticity. 

Food wise, most of it tastes as good as the regular restaurants I grew up with in Asia. Their egg tarts have the best pastry skin I've ever had in America and is even better than many in Asia. The only downside is their steamed BBQ pork bun doesn't taste that good, perhaps due to a poor supply of pork in this area. Fried buns are excellent though.

Value wise, this is one of the cheapest dim sum restaurants I've been to in the US. To sum it up, an excellent choice and great value.
Gone out with the BF and my two Yelpalicious two- Angela H. and Elnino F. for some lunchie munchies.

We ordered 

*Shumai (3x)- pretty decent, juicy.
*Shrimp Har Gow- filling was fresh, but the dumpling skins stuck together...meh.
*cheong fun w/ shrimp- these are rolled rice (noodle) rolls...the rolled rice was good but, it only had 2 shrimps in each and I'm used to more filling...these are my favorite so I was kinda sad panda. These were just steamed, not steamed then stir fried w/ sesame that I'm used to, but okay, I like this version too. It just was okay overall...
*douchi spare ribs- I love pork and I love black beans. Though you order these anywhere and they are bony, it's all about the flavor and these were good. 
*Fried Rice, sticky style- I thought this was good, but my buddy thought it was just plain fried rice....it was misleading since I thought all the sticky rice comes in leafs. Really, where's the lotus leaf wrapping?! It taste better that way when it picks up the subtle flavors. It had peanuts, dried shrimp, mushrooms, sliced pork. 
*Fried shrimp w/mayo (2x)- it's shrimp, its fried wrapper, it's mayo...what is not to like? 
*Hom Sui Gok-ground pork, the thick layer of mochi like wrapper and the crunch of the outside being fried makes for a nice texture meld. There was something missing though in the flavor of the filling that I couldn't quite place.
*Black Bean Clams- these were in a good sauce, but was just okay. the clams were sparse and most of the shells were empty without the meat somewhere on the plate. WTF?! Most expensive dish at $7.95 and not worth it. 

That came to $37 and overall, it was a decent meal. So now why 2 stars?

Firstly, it's a hot day, and it was a bit stuffy in there....they need some better A/C and/or more fans around the place. Our drinks were pretty neglected and we had to keep trying to flag people for water (there aren't that many servers and a cart lady ain't gonna stop to get you some). We got one refill in our small water cups and we were pretty dehydrated. 

Now I know that sometimes servers say things that assume "guilao" don't know things, but it's usually said in a manner that is matter-of-fact, trying to be helpful and making sure the person doesn't feel awkward not knowing something. The first cart lady was rude and I did not like how she was talking to Angela H. like she was a fucking idiot when she knows well enough to order with proper names of foods. No, you do not need to point at which is har gow and shumai, she ordered it with those names, so I'm sure you don't need to teach a bitch holding chopsticks. We're not that white, jeez. The kicker is another cart lady came by and the lady was pointing and talking about our table. We aren't idiots and know it's talking shit about us since it's blatant, but you also don't know that my brothers are Chinese. Yeah, thanks for the hospitality so a nice wish for you; ham gaa fu gwai. This is said with much sarcasm if the obvious isn't obvious enough. One thing to treat people like guilao and think we need to be told something or given forks automatically, but another when we are treated as yang guizi. It is NOT acceptable to discriminate and belittle customers. 

 I feel this is somewhat a limited selection of offerings, but alas I was spoiled with a imperial selection in LA. It's hard not to compare to how awesome it was back home, so I try my best to minimize the comparisons because I will always set myself for a bad day.  I was looking for "common" items like dan tat (egg tarts) or siew yuk (crispy skinned roast pork) and they seem to not have it so I could not help be disappointed and think of home. Maybe they run out of the good stuff fast (we were there at 1pm-ish) , but hell I'm not waking up to beat the church goers and the club people. And I certainly have less patience when I can't get food AND water. Bring a drink if you're a group of white/non Chinese basically. 

I am still on the mission to try all the (limited) dim sum places and find the "best" of Vegas....even though it'll probably be mediocre to home.

For Chang's though, I came to one conclusion- though we have a limited selection of dimsum spots here, I am not that desperate to come back unless with all my Chinese family and they suggest it (not likely gonna happen- they're from California).
FOUR STARS? Are you fucking kidding me? Come on Vegas, step your dim sum game up... 

Three words to describe the waitresses:
LOUD, RUDE, OBNOXIOUS. 

Food is mediocre... I'd say below average compared to 626, SD, or even Irvine. So if you've had any of the above, this place will DISAPPOINT ... and definitely annoy the shit out of you. The heat alone made me 289347x irritable than usual so imagine that plus the waitresses' incompetency.
Ok so I wasn't expecting too much from a Vegas Dimsum~ But I must say that it wasn't too bad!  I thought it would be overpriced and be a PF Chang style American twist dimsum, but it was pretty reasonable and tasty. Can't really quite give a "Yay! I'm a fan" rating... but it's definitely more than an "A-OK"... like A-I could be a fan.

Service was the same as any other dimsum places.  Some are rude and some are nice... but at a dimsum place like this, you are not really paying for the service so you kinda have to let that go.

They pretty much had everything I wanted from sticky rice, shumai, spare ribs, that fried taro thing, tripe, congee, eggrolls you name it.  Their boba tasted pretty nasty tho... so don't get boba there.

If you are in Vegas and you are craving dimsum, Chang's will pretty much satisfy your needs if you go there not expecting too much! :)
We had a group of 12 people for DIM SUM after long night of partying. This was the perfect place for that hangover!

We had plenty of food to eat and the carts came around frequently for refills. Our favorite was the shumai! Nom Nom!! 

I can't speak too much more about what we ate because I can't give you the Chinese name, but it was all pretty good and when we split the bill between the 12 of us it was only $10 each and we were all full! Now that is what I call a good DIM SUM meal!
Decent dim sum to be had here (3.5 stars). We came after the bustling lunch crowd (~2 pm), so there were slim pickings left and many of the dishes came out cold. Despite that, the flavour of the dishes was pretty authentic although lacked a bit of finesse. Har gao were soft and tasty, and our just-fried crab balls were crispily delicious. Other dishes that were fine even cold were: sticky fried rice, turnip cakes, eggplant stuffed with shrimp. The pork siu mai were so-so in appearance and flavour, but the noodle plates we ordered  la carte (chow mein and beef chow fun) were aromatic and tasty.
I think coming back during peak hours would ensure hot and fresh dim sum offerings from the kitchen. Not bad at all (and compared to North Carolina standards, is practically five stars.)
This place is way better than harbour palace off spring mountain in chinatown.  lots of varieties, good food, and cheap too.  30 bucks for 3 people and a table full of dim sum, small dishes, and congee.   The impression of the outside and inside looks kinda catered to "white ghost" but the food is really on par with dim sum restaurants in the bay area.
Actually I think they deserve 3.5 stars. It was 109 degrees outside, This building has seen better days. My brother and I were glad to walk into the cool restaurant that many claim has the hottest, best dim sum in Vegas.  It was totally crowded at 11:30 AM on Sunday. 

Looking at the waiting room and restaurant, 90 per were speaking Cantonese, but there were some token Filipinos (my brother and I were representin' along about 10 others). and other Asian  families. The hostess didn't take any names down at first, and suddenly five parties arrived after us. We were a feisty, grumpy hungry group in the waiting area  So, I loudly reminded the hostess we were next,  Her eyes bugged out and looked a little spooked, and immediately seated us in the only empty table that seats six!.  The hostess left and the so called waitress asked for our drink order. Drinks came out right away but it took another 15 minutes for her to return when we asked for hot tea besides our cokes.  

The cute smiley old ladies with the carts were really helpful and were glad to describe what they had. Geez some of these cart pushers were pushy! A few didn't speak much English, but I give them credit for trying. We had the following but didn't know which price group each was:

siu mai - good, flavorful blend of pork and shrimp
wokked gai lan - my favorite veggie when sauteed right and it was
chow mein thin noodles - really good, not too salty a simple dish but cool, not warm
barbecue pork - juicy, good charred meat and tender inside
meat balls - kind of rubbery, decent not great
rice cake (plus two orders to go) - awesome if you like this dish, sweet and subtle taste, soft marshmallow texture
mango mochi cake - our favorite item, with fresh mini piece of sliced mangoes, mango pudding inside mochi and topped with shredded coconut
sesame do-nut balls - really good, sweet with ample sesame seeds, really crunchy when warm

So we finished about 2/3 the order, and the waitress gave us boxes. She brings out the check. $38 before tip for all that. When she saw I was filling in the tip box, she started her smiling, and engaged in some small talk with us. "Do you want water?  Do you want more tea?  Anything else? LOL, she has great timing.. Overall, prices are pretty good for what you get.  Service was OK. Overall, I thought they compared pretty well with places like New Capital in Monterey Park, some of the Oakland and SF dim sum places, and even some places in Hong Kong.  I'll be back.
Another nice place for quality and reasonably priced dimsum.  By comparison, this place has a newer, smaller dining room than Orchids.  With their windows' orientation however, the air conditioning didn't quite keep up as well with the 106F heat.  OK, maybe it was only 102F at 10:30am.  The dimsum was good nonetheless.
We love dim sum and this place satisfies the craving.  We have been here at least 12 times since moving here a year ago.  The chicken feet are always good as is the calamari, the taro cake, the custard tarts and pretty much everything really.  I've always had good service and the price is average.  
Its usually busy when we come and we have to wait for a table but its worth  it.
Overall, the food here is expensive and not as good as Harbor Palace a few blocks away. The service is quick though, but the wait staff all seems to be in a bad mood. Although the other yelpers have said that the quality of the food is very authentic, I thought most of the dishes were too salty and some were even bland. The pricing is also a lot more expensive than other dimsum places I've been to, and I've been to some very good dimsum places in Pasadena and Little Saigon. Overall I'd recommend Harbor Palace.
Authentic dim sum at reasonable price ($22 for 2 of us. We left stuffed). Well seasoned, good textures (not super greasy or mushy as some dim sum can be). We were referred by our waiter during our last vegas trip from bobby flay's mesa grill (trading foodie restaurant tips). This is a locals place. As with most "authentic" dim sum places, there are more asians than other types of patrons.  Also, I've learned that dim sum culture means you flag someone down if you want something (cart or otherwise)... In short:food was good, setting average, great value. We recommend and will return.
Pretty Fly for a White Guy

I've poked around Yelp and other ratings websites, and every now and then I see a review that decries that the restaurant that they are covering has the "best" dim-sum. Of course not everyone agrees as to where the best dim sum is, but they probably agree to what it is.

If you are familiar with dim sum, you may want to read their reviews instead.  If, like me, you had to go to wikipedia to figure out what dim sum is, then this is the review for you.

First - Dim Sum isn't on the menu.  In fact, there is no menu.  You are seated and given a blank card, with seperate price points.  I have eaten at a conveyor-belt-sushi place before, so I recognised this as meaning some dishes cost more than others.  Since the highest price point was about $4 I felt pretty safe.

Almost immediately, a server rolls up a cart of food.  Most of it is covered. With a bizzare amount of excitement they remove a lid and say something.  I presume they described the dish, but 
1) English is a second language at Changs
2) I'm not good at decyphering accents
3) It is very noisy in here
4) I wouldn't know the difference between fan gwo and yung bau

They keep uncovering dishes, like they are working on commission or something.  You know those movies where you see the busy marketplace in China or Persia and everyone is trying to push their wares?  That's what the servers are like.  It's not high pressure though.  Say no and they shove onto the next table to try to make a sale. 

I say yes to a couple of items. Chicken feet look like chicken feet, so I  stayed clear of them.  What I got was a total mystery though.  One was like a wonton soup, without the soup.  The other was like slices of sausage on a bed of carrots and cabbage.  I wish I had taken photos so someone could help me figure out what I ate.  It was pretty good though.

The server stamps my card with a little stamp.  Joy! I hit two of the lower price items.

Looking around, I see that in this packed restaurant, we are the only table without someone of Asian heritage sitting at it.  I wondered if it would be innapropriate to "borrow" someone else's Chinaman for lunch.  Most of the tables had more than their fair share.  Then I have a plan.  Just watch what other people are getting, then when something that looks the same comes my way, I'll get that.

My new plan gets me a tasty gooey rice wrapped in a big leaf.  This is very good.  Our card gets stamped with a different color stamp (maybe they do work for commision) and we hit the $4 item.  We are getting full, and I see someone get a plate of sesame seed covered balls, and put them directly into a to-go box.  I figure it must be a dessert that is so good, people get them even when they are stuffed.  The cart comes by and boom - I point and they deliver.  It may be uncouth, but if nobody explains proper custom, then I will make up my own.

The sesame balls are tasty dough balls with a sweet purple filling.  I will call them Chinese doughnuts.  Not as sweet as a regular doughnut, I could sit down with a dozen of these and a cup of coffee every morning.  Thanks "to-go box family" for the tip!

To sum up dim sum:  It was good when I was just guessing.  It was better when I was spying on others.  Maybe next time I will bring binoculars. I never felt out of place, even though I clearly was, so kudos to the staff there.  If you are ready for an adventure, I would reccommend Changs.  I'm unqualified to say it's the best, but for a good -and different- lunch for two under $22, it's worth trying.
After eating at Ping Pang Pong (PPP), I can't give any other dim sum place in Vegas more than a few stars.

The pluses for Chang's: shrimp noodle with the watery soy sauce, the 100 year old duck porridge is pretty good but doesn't top PPP's, egg custard bao with crispy top is OK but doesn't top Orchid Garden's for sure!  The triangle dim sum with the flaky crust, and BBQ pork inside is good, better than Orchid's Garden, but does NOT top PPP's.  

Boo's go to the sticky Har gow, and shrimp, pork and green onion dumpling does not surpass any other restaurant especially because the dumpling was super cold like it came straight out the fridge.

We didn't have to wait to be seated, and food came around fast on a Sunday at 12 noon so not bad.  

But food was just OK.  Some cold!   Will I be back?  If I'm too lazy to drive to Orchid's Garden, or woke up too late to go to PPP.  Nah..I probably won't come back!
On 9/19/10 my family (6 adults, 4 children (5yrs & under) went to enjoy dim sum at what WAS our favorite restaurant. We I reviewed the bill I noticed an unfamiliar high-priced amount on the bill. I went to the cashier station and asked what was the charge for, I was told it is a service charge for parties over 8 people. I said, "there are only 6 adults and 4 children." He (I believe the owner) just shrouded his shoulders and said, "that's our service charge." $19.25!!!! - that's an extreme charge for servicing water refills and collecting empty dim sum containers. Sunday dim sum @ Chang's is now a thing of the past for us...Ping Pang Pong here we come!
We chose this place because it seemed to be pretty popular among fellow yelpers.  The carts come around pretty often and they all have several items to choose from. The prices looked pretty reasonable with dishes mostly from 2-4 dollars.   We tried the siu mei,  sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf, steamed buns with bbq pork, pork porridge, and rice noodle roll with shrimp.  Everything was pretty good but the sticky rice stood out because it had some meat (sausage)  in it and was modestly seasoned and not greasy.  We also tried the baked sweet bun that everyone seemed to be taking home.  It was warm and flaky with a sweet yummy egg-containing filling inside.  The only real drawback about this place is the food is rather soporific, probably because they use their share of msg.
In my humble opinion, Chang's is probably pretty authentic whether you roll for lunch, dinner or dim sum.  It is definitely superior to the Strip offerings in term of value.  If you're from East LA, then you might find something to complain about like shu mai being $2 instead of $1.50.

Sunday at 11:30am, dim sum wait time = 15 minutes.  By the time we left, it probably pushed up to 30 minutes.  Most people are in and out of there fairly quickly.

Service-wise, I think that Chang's is slightly understaffed, particularly in the non-cart personnel for water / tea refills and bill settlement.  The workers look a little tired, so I would bet that this has been the case for a while and they probably don't plan on staffing up.

Another minor note is that the cart ladies are not very keen on doing the visual style of ordering.  That is, more laid back places will show you each dish they are offering up, especially if you are clearly not Chinese.   It was very handy that I knew at least my favorite dish names and that they could understand my non-Chinese accent.  I am sure that it hurt their ears, but I got what I wanted.  Hargow, cha sau bau, jiao-tsu, etc (damn, I forgot my Chinese romanization... and I am getting pinyin and wade-giles all mixed up).  I definitely recommend taking a native speaker or at least get your favorite dish names memorized.

Price-wise, it probably is more that the general price of food and restaurants going up, but I think that it is a bit on the higher side.

Overall, I would venture to say that this place is quite good for your dim sum fixed, though it is probably not for dim sum noobs.
Chang's of Las Vegas is an institution.  When the Chinatown region of Las Vegas was just developing, I remember having a meal at Chang's and being impressed by the quality.  

Fast forward at least ten years later and I'm glad to see Chang's is still around (now with two branches) and that their quality is still up to par. 

The majority of diners go to Chang's for traditional Hong Kong style dim sum.  However, for our meal, we came for dinner and ordered a traditional Chinese banquet.  

Having eaten in Hong Kong, Vancouver, San Francisco, and Los Angeles, I admit I wasn't expecting much.  But after dinner, I came away quite happy and thought the meal was a fantastic deal as well.

Service was surprisingly good and it's a surprise this place was relatively quiet of patrons.  It may be off the strip, but I can guarantee the Chinese food is better than most offerings on the Strip and of much higher and authentic quality.  Two thumbs up.

A sampling of our menu:

Appetizer plate - a beautiful presentation of Chinese BBQ items like duck and goose, alongside sliced meat selections, jellyfish, shrimp and seaweed.  Everything was flavorful and really started the menu off right.

Crab claws - Deep fried crab claws fresh out of the fryer were hot and delicious and was served alongside what looked like deep fried seaweed.  The waiter later informed us it was the top part of the gai lan Chinese vegetable deep fried and seasoned with salt.  Unique and delicious.  No one wanted the waiter to take it away.

Shark Fin Soup - classic presentation with good flavor and plentiful pieces of Virginia ham and chicken to complement the fin.

Peking Duck - a whole prepared duck was brought out, skinned, and served to each patron in a bun.  They then sliced the excellent duck meat and served that as a platter as well.

Braised Abalone with Chinese Vegetables - the abalone was not the least bit overdone and the vegetables were top notch

Steamed fish - I believe a whole rock cod was prepared steamed with ginger and soy sauce.  Live and fresh.

Wok fried lobster - a large lobster cut into pieces and sauteed with ginger and scallions.

E-fu noodles - a wonderful side dish alongside the fried rice.

Fried rice - standard fried rice

Overall, we were extremely pleased with Chang's.  Service was polite and fast, entrees were delicious and plentiful, and prices were very competitive.  We all left with more leftovers than we knew what to do with and everyone had plenty of their favorite dishes.

Next time you're in Vegas craving authentic Chinese food, you deserve to give this place (or it's sister branch) a try.  

Chang's accepts credit cards, including American Express.
This is easily my favorite dim sum place in Vegas. It's a tradition to stop by here on Sunday morning just after checking out of the hotel. It's usually packed (surprise, surprise), but a party of two gets seated really quickly.

We usually order the typical: har gow, xia chang fun (rice noodle with shrimp), turnip cake, cha siu pao (bbq pork buns), mango pudding (Martin M's fav), bor lor bao (my fav), and sweet tofu (classic dim sum dessert!). The har gow isn't particularly special here, but the xia chang fun is good and not too doughy. The cha siu pao here is one of my favorites of all cha siu pao's - the filling is flavorful and the bun is always fluffy.

The service is great and the prices are even better - usually comes out to about $10/person, including tax/tip. Love it!
went there at opening.  all the carts came out.  food was terrific. only thing i recommend is that you wait around til maybe 11:30 or 12:00, thats when the good entrees come out. other than that, i had a pleasant experience and will be back :)
This place is hopping!! I went on a Sunday and it was super crowded, for good reason.  All the little plates of food are really good, but don't go too early.  My friends and I were too full by the time the duck and chinese broccoli came out.  So, instead of going right when they open at 10:30 AM, it's probably better to go at noon.  If you like dim sum, then you should like Chang's.
I had never had dim sum before however this place was so tasty I will have it again.  And oh, again! So many of the items on the cart had shrimp, which if you like shrimp tres bon! I really enjoyed the fried wontons with shrimp, the shrimp sausage, the bbq pork buns and the rice with sausage shrimp and ground pork.  Yum!

I didn't get much detail about the food and what was in them, so if you have food allergies beware.  Also, there were veggies.  I made the mistake of getting too many meat/seafood items before snagging a little bit of bok choy.  A balanced diet with veggies is the way to go!

The price was excellent!  You've got everything from $2 items to about $9 bucks.  Also, bring a partner because you can try many things and still leave thinking you ran away with bank.  Again Yum!!!
Good dim sum in Las Vegas.  Prices are reasonable and about the same as Orchids Garden dim sum.  Food is good and they have a better selection on the carts than Orchids Garden.  Only problems are limited parking because they are popular and the restaurant is about half the size of Orchids Garden and there can be a long wait for a table when they are busy.  Never had this problem at Orchids Garden.
DIM SUM REVIEW:

With most dishes at $2 or $2.75 it is really hard to have a bill over $30 for 2 people. How freaking amazing is that?! Especially after a drunken night, what better way to erase that hangover than with some ha gow, su mai, and hot jasmine tea?

Dishes that I didn't like:
 -congee (rice porridge): it was too thin and wasn't enough thousand year old eggs chunks :(
  -chicken feet: I've had better. I noticed a pool of clear fat in the dish. Haha :(

Loved the su mai, ha gow, shrimp balls, and the FRIED TARO. Get it. It was some crazy transitioning with the crispiness, and then soft taro, and then cloud 9!!! 

Also try the pineapple cream pastry. I have no idea what they call it but I included a picture. Looks like a mushroom. Came out HOT and DRIPPING with the egg yolk cream inside. Mmmmmmhhh!!!

5 stars for such great prices (our bill was $21!!!! And we are fat pigs too!!) and pretty good food! Thank you for existing, Chang's.
I was craving dim-sum and going through withdrawals of my selection in Monterey Park/ Alhambra.  After yelping it, it looks like the locals prefer Chang's and Orchid's.  So we tried Chang's.  

One positive is the fact that there was only a 5 minute wait, although it was a full house.  The majority of the patrons were asian so that was a good sign of its authenticity.  There also seemed to be a decent selection of dim sum options.

Here is the breakdown:
THE GOOD: 
-marinated and roasted pork dish with peanuts- delicious!
-fried sesame ball with red beans
-chicken feet

THE BAD:
-fried vegetable egg rolls
-har gou- the shrimp tasted weird. Must have been a bad batch.
-pork shu mai- lacked flavor, had to douse it in hot sauce. 

THE UGLY:
-rice flour with shrimp. The shrimp tasted funny and the sauce (which is usually my favorite part) was way too sweet. 
-jellyfish.  More disappointing was the fact that it was $7.95 and lacked flavor. 

I don't know if I'll be back.  I'll have to try Orchid's and give other dim sum restaurants a chance.  But first, I may have to lower my expectations a bit.
went for Dim Sum, I asked for water, the waitress kept insisting that I get tea also. I finally said fine. She brought 2 tea cups, which by the way, one was for me the other person with me is my 3 year old son. Does he drink hot tea, I think not. There must be something to it. 

I keep wanting to get the satay hot sauce, and asked several ladies pushing the carts, they keep telling me " ask the waitress." I haven't seen a waitress pass for any request. when I finally raised my voice to get the attention of a waitress, she said we only have 1 type of hot sauce. 
NOT REAL AUTHENTIC dim sum, if they do not have the satay hot sauce. 

The fried shrimp balls was OK, a bit dry. The steam rice noodle with beef on the inside, was weird. Noodles too chewy, and the beef seems like it was from some kind of beef paste, (its and Asian thing) 

I did like the siu-mai though, it was good. seems like it was steam with little fish eggs on top. 

I got my check, they actually charge $.50 for tea for each person. That was why the waitress keep wanting me to say yes for tea. Forget the $ amount, it's the principles of the matter. 

So I will keep to my usual favorite place Cathay House, in china town for Dim Sum. Good food, good service.
Went here for dim sum a few weeks ago. We got about seven items. I tried jellyfish for the first time and liked it quite a bit. The other top picks were the eggplant wrapped around shrimp and the whole fried shrimp. The only thing I didn't care for was a pork stuffed nest-looking thing which had a weird consistency.
Thanks to Jennifer T for suggesting this place! Had Thanksgiving brunch there and our bill for 2 people was $19.50. RIDICULOUS! They only charge .50 per person for tea! All of our dishes were $2 or $2.75. I don't know how they can charge so little for all this delicious dim sum! Here's what we had:

1. Shrimp Balls (3 juicy deep fried shrimp balls...it was so good I just wanted to keep getting this over and over but stopped myself so that I could try a bunch of things. Best shrimp balls I have ever had. I love the fact that there was NO FILLER. Just juicy shrimp inside!)

2. Ha Gow (sorta clear chewy rice something outside with shrimp inside) Sweet shrimp. So sweet.

3. Fried taro (I like taro a lot but this was my least favorite. Maybe I was just getting too full? We had this last)

4. Fried football looking things with pork inside (sorta sweet outside, salty pork inside. I liked it but I think this did me in...came to the table before the taro...we were already kinda full by then!)

5. Pork/Shrimp Su Mai (plump and good sized!)

6. Shrimp with soft tofu (little circular mounds of soft tofu with shrimp set on top! Never had this at a dim sum place before...loved it!)

Arrived 10:40 am. Ten minutes after they opened. Was seated immediately (the place is pretty big and was already half filled by then). Fast service and the dim sum cart ladies actually spoke a little english! That was great. I have never had english speaking chinese dim sum cart ladies before! Wanted to try their desserts but was way too full...maybe another time!
If you like traditional noisy Chinese restaurants, this is the place to go.  Even though there were a lot of people when we got there, we got seated rather quickly.  The food was good, and the service was OK.  It is more like 3.5 stars.
had my first dim sum experience here and to my surprise it was actually pretty good. i don't remember a few things i sampled, but i did enjoy them. one thing i know i did love was the bbq pork buns. i wasn't too fond of the baked ones but i did like the steamed ones. the sticky rice in the lotus leaf was pretty addicting. i love good sticky rice. the turnup cake was very sweet. i liked the shrimp and chives dumpling. although my boyfriend said it looked like brains i found it to be very tasty. (think of it as brain food!) the shrimp har gow was pretty good. i also sampled some noodles that reminded me of thai pad see ew and i loved them. some of my party thought them to be too spicy but i could have ate it all day.
everything was pretty cheap. i didn't like how they force the tea on you though and even if you don't drink it they still charge you for it. very weird. i also wish most of the items didn't have shrimp in them. i don't mind eating it, but it is not my favorite thing in the world. (yet i did like the little bites of it.)
we arrived when they first opened so we got a table, but it did get pretty busy fast. make sure to come with an empty stomach to fill up.
Things have changed since my last review of Chang's, so it looks like another update is necessary!

First off - the sign out front!  Yay, they got rid of that faded old sign advertising Chang's.  Although I'm not particularly fond of their tacky new font, at least it's legible! 

Looks like prices have gone up too!

Group A - $2
Group B - $2.75
Group C - $3.95 
Group D - $5.95
Group E - $7.95

For our hungry party of three, we had five items from Group A, seven items from Group B, and one item from Group C.

They included:

* Shrimp Dumplings
* Pork Dumplings
* Beef Ball
* Tofu Skin Roll
* Steamed Tripe
* Beef Rice Noodle Roll
* Chicken Feet in Black Bean Sauce 
* Deep Fried Ground Pork Dumpling
* Deep Fried Taro and Ground Pork Dumpling
* Shanghai Dumplings (Group C) - It's something they don't push around in the carts.  You have to put in a special order for it.  Our order was had four dumplings, but you can request eight.  It came out piping hot - just the way it's supposed to be.  Be careful with the soup inside because it burned my tongue! 

The whole point of going out for dim sum is to "yum cha" which means to drink tea. Therefore, tea charges is as follows:

* Tea is $.50/person
* Chrysanthemum tea is $1/per person

I wanted to end our lunch with something sweet and looked over the Egg Custard Tarts.  They appeared to be the same ones that were out when we first arrived, so I passed on that.  We also skipped on the Egg Custard Pineapple Bun this time around since we didn't see them come out fresh, and these buns needed to be eaten piping hot only!  They did offer the dessert tofu dish, but that's not my favorite.  Perhaps they need a better sweet selection or at least a higher turnover on it so things can still come out fresh! 

The service was surprisingly attentive on a Monday and there was no wait.  Our water glasses and tea pot were constantly refilled without us asking, which we really appreciated.  A large bus group did arrive shortly after us and did take up some of the attention, but it was understandable.

Unfortunately, they do not have hot chili oil anymore, just the regular hot chili sauce.  I'll continue to ask for it in case they bring it back!

3.5 stars
Tried dim sum for the first time last week, and enjoyed it. The food opportunities felt endless!  The shrimp, rolls and noodles were all delicious...I can't remember everything that we had.  It does get really busy, but we had great service.  I'd highly recommend trying it if you haven't yet.
I have no idea why my family decided to eat at an Asian restaurant in Vegas because for goodness sake...you don't go to sin city for great ethnic food...duuuuhhhh...

Pros: very flavorful and tender bbq pork, ho fun was cooked al dente, yo tao (sp?) was greasy/fluffy/crunchy all at the same time but a little cold

Cons: not a great selection, steamed foods were lacking, tea costs extra, price is on the expensive side, extremely crowded on weekends, slow service
its very difficult to find an affordable yet mouth watering dim sum. This food critic here can tell you that the dim sum here is mouth watering tasty. The flavor is very rich, but not as great as the dim sum in san francisco, canada, los angeles, or hong kong. the only reason why i rate a 4 star, is the service is not so good. The waiters are always asking, " are u done yet?"
This is either my second or third time to Chang's. I went here with foodie friends a few years ago and I think I may have been here once since that first time.
The dim sum is always good at Chang's, although I have to say I was let down today by the dim sum with shrimp. It was at least slightly fishy tasting. I don't know if it's becuase it's not fresh or if there are other issues, but it was notable in several servings of dim sum.
The rest was wonderful. Something I'd never had before was dim sum with whole peanuts (shelled, of course). That was different and excellent. That was probably my favorite of today. There was another fried dim sum that was all vegetables, most prominently scallions. Those two were my favorites today.
Good dim sum is not easy to do. In addition to quality ingredients I think you need to be able to make it volume to make it economical. You can rely on Chang's for good dim sum.
This was my first Dim Sum experience and I was less than satisfied.

As part of a non-asian group I felt frequently overlooked. Water glasses were never refilled, those pushing the carts parked them by our table- not to serve us, but to leave their carts and chat with the other tables, which left us passed by the carts we DID want food from.

On the plus side the food we did have was pretty good, I was disappointed that they didn't have the pork buns (most likely just because we went later in the day). It ended up being $27 for the three of us, which I think wasn't too bad.

Would I go again? Maybe. But my next dim sum experience will be elsewhere before I come back
Chang's Has being in my top list of Dim Sum restaurants in the valley, I've been coming here since 2002 and time and time again I've had a great eating experience. One thing you want to make sure to do is to get there b4 the lunch rush and make sure to always ask for the fresh dim sum on the cart.
Some folks have told me that the've had a hard time eating at this place due to the language barrier with the servers, I myself have always make sure to treat all of them with a smile and always w a thank you and my experiences have always being great.
My husband, daughter and I decided to try a different dim sum place other than the usual Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant on Sahara so when headed over to Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine on Decatur, after all, it's been much talked about by so many of our friends.  It was hard to say whether this place was much better or much worse than our usual.  Some of the dim sum items tasted similar to Orchid's and some of them tasted different with a little change in one or two ingredients in the mix.  For instance, I prefer their shrimp har gau over Orchid's, but I rather enjoy Orchid's wrapped rice over Chang's.  What wasn't so good at Chang's was their dim sum items on the carts that didn't carry the steam baskets of goodness.  The eggplant, fried shrimp, all the items on plates that weren't steamed were served to us COLD!  Now if that isn't a kill to the palate, then I don't know what is!  Ugh!  Very displeasing, for sure!  No one expects food to be served cold like that.

We had lunch during the peak business lunch hour, but were seated immediately.  The ambiance is quite different from that of Orchids, possibly due to the popularity of the place.  I'm sure Chang's is very well received in the neighborhood, by how busy the place was; busy, meaning "noisy."  But, of course, I expect no less at any Chinese restaurant.  (Although, once again, I have to compare this to Orchid's lack of noisiness, thus, the lack of popularity, per se?)  Do not hesitate to wave down a server pushing their carts around.  This, by no means, means you are rude and disrespectful to them.  It's just the way of the land at many Chinese restaurants.  They have no notion of this as being rude in any way, so wave away!  It was the only way we could dine at the pace we wanted anyway...=o)

I gave them a 3-star rating because their food was good, albeit, some not served at the right temperature.  The service was to be expected.  The ambiance was nice to experience, and it was good to know people enjoy frequenting the place.  But, I have to say that I'm partial to Orchid's and probably won't go back to Chang's again.  We can get our dim sum closer to where we live at the similar price and taste that Chang's has to offer us.  Happy Eats to All!
I asked my cousin for authentic and true Chinese food. We went here for dim sum. You can not walk into this glorious restaurant with a Western attitude...or you may not enjoy your experience. Wave for the waitress, drink tea and at least try what you ask for. We had shrimp har gow, pork sil myl, fried taro cake, shrimp dumplings, turnip cake, shrimp rice noodle roll etc. My personal favorites...sesame ball, sticky rice in lotus leaf, the chicken feet and oh my goodness the fried shrimp... I know we ordered more but the carts just kept coming. It was so wonderful to have such a variety.
I have been coming to Chang's for years. Every time I am in Las Vegas for tradeshows, it's my must-go place to get my chinese food.  I really like their Steamed Chicken, Walnut Shrimp, and their Daily soup. Their prices are really reasonable and food tastes authentic.
The only downside is that the restaurant is not centrally located and poorly lit at night so when we drive by, we often miss it and need to turn back. Then when you pull into the driveway, the reflective windows at night looks so dark that I thought the restaurant is closed, if not for the neon sign that says OPEN.
I give this place a 4 star because the food and service are good consistently.
the order.
dim sum!

3.25

the best dim sum I've had in vegas to date. i think it's worth the small drive away from the strip

good shumai
average har gow
average bean curd
good bao
average lotus leaf wrapped rice
below average fried rice

i'll most likely be back. good vegas dim sum is hard to come by.
After a few days of having no asian food in our systems... we were so happy to find this place.  Sunday is our favorite day to get dim sum! It was busy and we were lucky to be seated in less than 10 minutes because it was just the two of us.  Food came by fast.  We were in and out in less than 30 minutes!
Chang's serves up decent Hong Kong style dim sum. Being Chinese raised on some of the best dim sum San Gabriel Valley has to offer, I am confident that I am an expect in dim sum plus I had my share of dim sum from Hong Kong. Dim sum offerings are your standard, sui mai, hai gow (shrimp dumplings), tofu skin wrapped with pork and mushroom, shrimp with rice noodle, etc. Everything taste good except the shrimp from my shrimp dumplings tasted a bit fishy which usually means it was not fresh. 
Their chow mein with no meat was exceptionally tasty and the texture of the noodle still retains a bit of crunchiness but not to the point of a crispy noodle style. Very tasty. Their red bean boa is excellent. Prices are very reasonable. Service was friendly and attentive. 

For Las Vegas, Chang's dim sum is pretty good considering you are smack in the middle of a desert so this is an oasis if you are craving for some authentic dim sum. I also noticed alot of the customers were chinese which is a great sign. Chang's is a bit off the main strip but totally worth the trip. I will definitely come back when I am in Vegas. Bonus point, they staff all speaks cantonese so their claim of Hong Kong is valid as appose to Tawainese restaurant style dim sum or Chiu Chow style dim sum.

Note: dim sum ends at 3pm.

Happy eating.
This is definetely one of the nicest dim sum restaurants I've been to, as in CLEAN and in good condition, which makes for a much nicer atmosphere. The food was great as well, it was Friday during lent, so we weren't really supposed to be having meat, but we did slip a few times, with the steamed buns with pork which were very good, and the tripe which was excellent. The Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was excellent, very fresh, and cooked perfectly, with a nice crispness to it. The desserts were great as well, this is the only dim sum place I've been to which offered sweet rice cake, which I love, and the egg custard was awesome as well, with a nice flaky crust and rich egg filling. The prices weren't bad either. I can definetely recommend this place.
First Dim Sum experience and I thought it was awesome. I loved how my brother and I were the only non-Asians in a packed restaurant (really cool).

Truth be told, we had no idea what we were ordering, lol, and it somehow worked out into a great meal.

I recommend going off the strip to this place for a new experience and great food, but go with non-picky eaters.

P
Decent. Service is a little better than most dim sum places, but that's not saying much. The food is just okay. The fried rice is probably the best compared to other local dim sum places.
I'm surprised I have not reviewed Chang's yet. This is my favorite Dim Sum joint in the city. 

I usually come right at 11 when they open and there are already people waiting at the door. Because it's still early, we get good seats and the food is hot and fresh. We are in and out in 30 minutes. 

The dim sum is better than other places in LV I have tried. I especially like pork spareribs, pork dumplings and egg custard tarts

I agree service can be a bit off sometimes. For all the times I've been here, it has been 80% good and 20% poor. But keep in mind I am ordering and speaking to them in Cantonese. 

I would like to note old-school Chinese restaurants like Chang's don't really specialize in great service, it's get in, eat and get out.
This is my new Las Vegas Sunday tradition!  Best Dim Sum in Las Vegas.
Average foods and service. I enjoyed it. But their attitude sucked. Let me explain...

I've been there once and anxious to return for a second visit. Dim sum was meant to be eaten with friends. So I surrounded myself with friends each time.

We all agree the foods were good, ranging from American fried foods to steamed southern Chinese dumplings. There was nothing bad and nothing outstanding. The service was on par with most big dim sum places. So are the ambiance and restroom.

After we're done, we split the cost and paid the tips. The restaurant only accepted credit card for minimal $20. So we all paid cash to one that used CC. The waitress chased after the group asking for tips. Not just once, but twice.

There are 2 problems here. First, tipping is a gratitude. I decide how much to tip and not influenced by anyone else. If the wait staffs have lousy attitude, I don't tip and most likely I will not return regardless of the foods.

Second, if we left the tips on the table and they couldn't find it, who's at fault?

It's audacious to ask for tips once, being purely shameless. Twice? It's plain outrageous.

So diners, heed my warning... they were very proud of their wait service and they will let you know about it if you don't tip. Unfortunately the service was average and they expect instant reward.
Worst Dim sum ever!  No one speaks english and no carts were coming around.  We just walked out after two dishes.  I will never be back.
While Chang's might not be THE best Dim Sum I've ever had, Chang's is a great Dim Sum place for what Vegas offers. 

Almost always, this place is packed (at least during the weekends so anticipate waiting for a table), parking can be somewhat of a b*tch and I leave pretty satisfied with my selection of their dim sum items. 

Service here is pretty typical of a Dim Sum restaurant. I wish they would come back to my table more frequently to fill me up with my favorite seafood and dessert dishes. So, because I have to wait for specific carts, I usually stay here longer than I would like to fill up on the items I adore. Portions and actual pieces of dim sum are slightly smaller than other dim sum restaurants, quality of their items are comparable and prices are definitely affordable. I like that they offer hot chrysanthemum tea here.  

In sum, I'm glad Chang's exists in the valley, otherwise I'd probably suffer from dim sum withdrawals.
Good dim sum but on one occasion I went here for dinner and found a nail in the rice.

Luckily I spot it as I was spooning it to my small individual rice bowl. I told the waiter and they switched out the entire rice but weren't really apologetic.

Maybe if it were a non-asian restaurant, they would have offered to do a little more to work on loyalty and customer retention.  They didn't.  But it didn't really suprise me.

I go for dim sum now and then and it's good.  They are always busy.  Just watch out when you eat!
the place was packed and service was good.. 
went with my wife and kid dimsum were good..
I haven't done Yum Cha in years, so when my meetup group posted it, I jumped at the chance.

Chang's was a great choice. Everything was delicious, from the chicken feet to the shumai to the tendons to the egg tarts. It's always good to have Chinese people in your group. I just let them do all the ordering. I did the eating. The chrysanthemum tea was an interesting change-up (we had that and regular tea). You gotta drink tea when you Yum Cha!

Overall, it was a great lunch that worked out to be $14 per person. I'm probably not that picky when it comes to Dim Sum items. Chang's earns my fandom.
I'll caution this review by saying I am not a big dim sum guy.  The food is just too greasy and not satisfying for my Viet palette.  Well, I got invited for lunch and it seems the same as any other Chinese restaurant.  The place was crowded so I am assuming this means it is good.  The restaurant is out of the way if you are used to Spring Mt Rd.  Overall, it was an okay experience.  Nothing to write home about.
I can come to Chang's early and not worry about getting the left over stuff from the previous day like another dim sum place that I frequent, but the selection seems limited. They have all the fundamental dishes for yum cha, yet I like them less than their competitor. I did not see the tofu skin wraps, spare ribs, tendon, and fried taro cakes on my last visit. The first dish is one of my all time favorites and the last is my mom's. 

I am certain the reason why I like them less is because they lack the chili oil sauce. They serve the vinegar red chili sauce instead and that gives everything a more sour kick than a spicy one. Some might not believe it, but this condiment makes the whole experience more enjoyable. I am willing to do more math, and risk being swindled for it. 

The service at Chang's is quick and friendly. I swear, I should like Chang's more, but the feast feels limited and my dim sum taste is vast.
Went to this place for dim sum on a saturday morning with 5 other people...got a table right away seat down and the dim sum carts row up quick... Order everything from shrimp dumplings to BBQ buns to BBQ pork and roast duck...also got veggies and sweet stuff!!! 

Now I'm from San Francisco, so I'm used to getting great dim sum!! Since I am in Vegas I didn't expect the dim sum to be that good but boy am I surprise, it's as good as some of the places in san francisco..

Four of the people in my group were dim sum rookies and they love it!!!!

I have been iffy of going to a dim sum places out here in Vegas but not no more!!! Will differently return to this dim sum house when I return to Vegas!!!!
I'm from LA so I am use to good dim sum standards.
This place is no more than a 2.5 stars in my book, but because its Vegas and there is not much competition, 3 stars fits the bill.

The food was decent but definitely not great!.  We were there on a saturday noontime lunch.  The haw gow's skin rips off so easily.  The 9 veggie gow was awful looking and didn't take good.  The chicken feet was dark looking, not fresh, and didn't taste too good.  Egg custard was good,  shau mai was ok.  Their daikon cake was so so.  Shrimp fun was so-so.  This place reminded me of the Chinatown dimsum which was busy but the food was decent.  Overall, if you need a dimsum place, this is not bad.
The dim sum is good, but my credit card bill showed that they charged me $2 more that my husband wrote clearly with the amount (I have the receipt).  There are two same numbers in the bill, one's in cents and one's in dollars.  They only changed the one in dollars.  Don't know if it's intended or mistake.
We've been coming here for dim sum for years and always stop by whenever we are in Vegas. 

This is your typical old style dim sum joint, where the ladies are pushing the carts around circling the restaurant.  

It gets really crowded especially on weekends, where its hard to find parking and the wait can be a little long.

The weekdays are easier, but still gets crowded. 

We usually order, siu mai, beef noodles, shrimp noodles, tofu, egg tarts etc. 

If you see the ladies with the salt & pepper shrimp and the chow mein, dont get it unless you like cold food.  Most of the other carts have food warmers.  I had to deduct a star this time  because the shrimp was cold (yuck! ). That would be a health code violation in CA, I think.

The siu mai wasnt that great this time either.  It usually is okay.

Oh yeah, it gets really loud in this place, so if you are coming here for a business meeting , err dont. Unless you dont mind screaming across the table. LOL
I'm not a huge dim sum fan BUT I did enjoy this place.  Furthermore, it doesn't help that I'm not Chinese so all I do is point to what looks good.  Thank God I was with Tara L, whose Chinese knowledge was put to good use.  

We came on a Friday morning and got a table quickly.  The ladies and their carts immediately came.  Our eyes were definitely bigger than our tummies.  Surprisingly, my favorites were 2 non-meat items: fried noodles and Gai lan in oyster sauce. Add that to my cup of hot tea, and I'm in my happy place. Yummm! Yummm! My only big complaint was that they did not have my chili oil, which gives a kick to anything that you eat here.

Who would have thought that we would be eating dim sum in Vegas. HA! Maybe I could pass as a local...or not.
I was a first time dim sum-er?? hahaha I was so suprised by how much food and how good it was!!! We had everything from chicken feet to tofu sweet soup?? I dont know the name but it was delicious!!! 
I will for sure be ready for dim sum again 
service was great also
Yes, I know what you are thinking. How could dimsum in vegas be any good? or ever comparable to la dimsum. 
The food is just as good or better and there are more selections if you go an hour after it opens. We got there exactly when it opened and there were very few selections. After 30 minutes of eating and getting full, we were like, dam we should have came 1 hour later. Many more selections like small sizes of walnut shrimp!. (never seen that before).
Service is a little iffy, but what can you expect if it is an authentic chinese restaurant. Its definatlely authentic when the server throws the dimsum we order across the table like we were playing frisbee together in the park. 
Overall, its a solid dim sum place and pretty dam chinese. I would recconmmend if your craving some dimsum in vegas.
The Dim Sum was great!  Changs really does a wonderful job.  The BBQ Pork Buns, Sticky Rice with vegetables and Mango Pudding were all very tasty.  

For entrees the Kung Pao Chicken and Shanghi Noodles were spectacular.  

Both the Won Ton and Sweet & Sour soups were great!
In the past, I've practically always gone to Orchid's Garden for dim sum, but their service lacks. They're not approachable, but over here at Chang's, it's a lot better.

I haven't been here that much and I haven't been back here in awhile (haven't been eating dim sum) but I came today with a friend. I like their choice of foods, more than I did the last time. Either they didn't have it then or I never noticed it or something.

I didn't have to really wait when I asked for anything this water. They were also really busy so they didn't really check up on us or anything of the like. I got all the food I wanted to eat pretty much. Next visit, I'll update and see if anything changes :). For now, 4 stars!
I was looking for a dim sum place while in Las Vegas and decided to check this place out after reading the reviews. I must say, I was definitely not disappointed.

The dim sum selection and taste is by far the best I've ever tasted in US. It was a pity that it was just 2 of us and we could only stomach that much food. I would have loved to try more.

My top top favorites:
- The egg tarts (they taste just like those you'd find in HK). We had 3 plates of that and I wish I could pack to bring home but they wouldn't taste as nice then. 

- The soya beancurd is so smooth and the ginger taste is very subtle that blends in with the beancurd. I've tasted the soya beancurd in another restaurant and it was just too gingery. We ordered additional 2 portions to go and had them chilled when we reached home. They tasted just as great chilled & warm.

- Chives dumplings were also good.

I would definitely visit this restaurant when I head to LV again. Service was also decent. Carts of dim sum were being pushed around the whole restaurant.
Came here with a party of 9 around 1PM for dim sum, recommended by a family friend  that worked nearby. We were seated in a room with 3 other tables, wish we were seated in the room next door where everyone was, I like the high energy eating atmosphere. There was nothing special about this place, it was mediocre. I think this place has a good rating because it was geared towards tourist and naive dim sum eaters. I probably wouldn't come here again.  They have a small private parking lot. They include tips, barely 10% I think. Their main entrance is sort of cute, has a very classic Chinese feel to it.
Before spending some time at the Miracle Miles Shops, I decided to take my parents and bf out to lunch. Since I owed my dad a present from Father's Day, I let him decide on where he wanted to eat and we ended up here. We've been here numerous times before and it's how my dad developed an addiction to their chicken feet. Normally, on Tuesdays and Wednesdays it gets packed due to a lot of older Chinese folks dining here on those days( I was told those are their fave days off). But to my surprise, this place had plenty of seats available. We were seated promptly and the dim sum carts started coming by quickly. I ordered my folks some of their favorites:

Shumais- before becoming a pescetarian, these were one of my favorites. From what the folks and the bf said, it's still 'the same' and its still 'good'.
Pork buns- ok wtf I loved these so much that I accidentally took a bite out of one! Then I felt sick...NOT because it was bad it's bc I am not used to eating meat anymore. But from that small bite, it was still yummy! And everyone agreed.
Shrimp balls on a stick?- ok these were alright. Used to be better and the lady forgot the mayo. And what's up w/ the sugar cane..they should've left it out.
Beef balls- these are the bf 's fave...he said it was still 'good'
Chicken feet- i didn't have to ask my dad how it tasted. He devoured it in 2 seconds and had pieces of chicken skin hanging on his mustache..you decide.
Shrimp w/ crispy skin- ok I apologize for not knowing what the food is called in Chinese..anyway these are awesome.
Shrimp shumais- I love
Tofu dessert- Warm,not too sweet, and good!
Coconut bun- Eh..it's alright.
Mixed seafood shumais- Good flavor a must have.

The food overall is good. The service has improved a lot(then again it wasn't busy so it might change). The only thing I don't love here is that prices seem to change quite often and it doesn't show the prices on the ticket like it used to. So you could be ordering and not realize you've spent a lot.
Good dim sum. Average selection with everything u would expect but nothing g to really set it a part either.
One of the worst dim sum places I have ever been or the only dim sum place I have ever been in Vegas. 

Where do I start oh yeah! they only had 2 carts rolling around at the time we went. The steamed glazed pork bun was really cold on the inside and the top part of the bun was not even that sweet. 

I had ate the chicken feet because my friend wanted to eat it and that was probably one of the worst chicken feet ever or I just don't like chicken feet. 

No hot girls pushing around the cart what kind of place is this?? Good thing there was some hot girls eating around, but they had left when we sat down so that kind of sucked.
I couldnt agree more with Steve N. This place is pretty horrible. It's like, they bought dim sum from CA, brought it over, froze it and now reheating to serve to us. It's hard, tastless and definitely mehhhhhh. 

I quote Steve N. " more like dimshit"
I never thought there would be full blown dim sum in Vegas, but this is it!  We stayed in Vegas for over a week and ended up going here twice for dim sum.  This place is pretty good!  They have practically everything you can imagine for dim sum (I'm not gonna go into everything they have because if you're here for dim sum, I assume you're a seasoned expert)

The food is about as good as what you'd find in a good Chinatown restaurant.  I really have no complaints about the quality.  My only gripe is they charge $1 per person for tea which is absurd.  And I feel the cart pushers are a little dopey.  More than once, they would push their carts right by you without announcing what they have or stopping at your table.  It got annoying but hey, there's no such thing as good customer service with the Chinese.  

They have enough parking for the size of the restaurant and each time we went there, there was no wait (we went with a party of 7).  If you love dim sum and you are in Vegas craving for it, definitely give this place a try
Not the best I've had anywhere but good value, very serviceable and exactly what I had in mind.  

Good dim sum with most of the usual choices, although I didn't see the range of options pass by that I see at some restaurants.  The dumplings were not greasy.  A standout was the roast duck, whose skin was very crispy and the meat was thick.  I have no idea how much it cost but it was sufficient in quantity to be shared by 3 hungry male adults.

Easy location near Orleans, Palms, and several timeshare properties.

Bill for 5 adults and 4 children was $78.20 including tip, for eating dim sum until full but not gorging.

Note: the room was warm, not nearly as hot as the 110 degrees it was outside when we visited, but not quite comfortable either, and  worthy of checking the AC system.
It's not the best Dim Sum I've ever had, but it's close to the Rio where we always stay. Nothing we had was bad or mediocre. It was all good. The problem I had was even at noon with a full restaurant, they didn't have a lot of variety.
Whoever says that this place is better than the SGV dim sum restaurants must be trully stupid or get their head bang in the shower. This place is horrendous. If you see the color of the chicken feet you  know that its not going to taste good. The rest of the food seems cooked too long and the service is slow.

I mean, I understand when you go to chinese restaurant you expect the service to suck ass cos thats the way they operate, but when you have the owner operating as cashier that tell the customer to pay upfront then you should just open a to go counter instead of a full dining restaurant.

If you dont know how to open a full seating restaurant, go slow, open a little to go place first!!!
This place is hard to write a review for. I've been debating between 3 and 4 stars for this place, but figured I would round up because I enjoy the food quite a bit.

I have been here on lots of occasions over the years. Sometimes the place is hit or miss as far as service goes, but that's to be expected. I do enjoy their dim sum quite a bit. I would be inclined to believe it's actually the best dim sum in town. If you come at the right time, you don't have to wait too long for a table and they come around really quickly with their carts full of delectable goodies. My favorite dim sum items are the salt and pepper prawns, wide noodles in XO sauce, whatever the vegetable of the day is there and their desserts. Pretty much everything else is good too. Their dinner entrees are pretty good as well. 

They do have great food and hit or miss service, but all in all this place is a great place to check out for some delicious Chinese cuisine. Great place for large parties as well. The more people, the more you get to share and try. Yum.
This is pretty much the best dim sum you can get Las Vegas. I frequent here with my family and service is usually good. They have a wide variety of dim sum foods to choose from but they also have congee, you tiao, and sometimes even a small portion of fried noodles and what not. Price is also very cheap and a good atmosphere. Come early on weekends to prevent waiting in line!
This is the best Dim Sum I've had in Vegas, I've been to Chang's three times in the last couple of months and it's been consistently very good. The service is just ok because every time we go we have to ask for our drinks twice. But really this place is about the Dim Sum which was great, there are always carts running around packed with food. The 'cart pushers' aren't very friendly or talkative but when you point to an item they give it to you so I'm not complaining. The prices are very reasonable for a family of four.

The place could use some more parking spaces because every time I've been there the lot has been full and I had to wait for somebody to leave.
Again tired of LV buffet and this is defnitely good alternatives. My kids tired of buffet as well so I find this place thru YELP. Their dim sum better than I expected, it's great and I saw a lot of local ppls came here to have dim sum. Tofu Flower is good dessert. Shrimp Dumpling, BBQ pork bun, stick rice are good.
I like this place and their food is pretty authentic. Sat/Sun 11-1 is usually their busiest time, but the wait is not bad at all. Probably 15-20 minutes? I like their beef tendon, egg tart, and tofu dessert the most. Most staff speak Chinese and they assume you do too if you look asian. Their prices are pretty reasonable, very similar to other dim sum place in town. Expect 20-25 bucks for 2 if you don't have a huge appetite.
Service is non-existent, rude if any and racially discriminatory. Basically if you do not look Chinese or are not Chinese the people who work here are extremely rude.

My husband (1/2 Chinese 1/2 Swedish) and I (100% Chinese) came here with our son (1 year old) for an early dim sum lunch. We have been coming to Chang's since 2004 but the restaurant is now under new ownership. We experienced the WORST, actually it was NON EXISTENT service. The hostess was rude when she seated us. She brought over 2 forks, ignored me when I said we do not need them and then slammed them onto our plates and walked away.

When we complained to the manager he told us the restaurant workers bring forks to Americans. This in itself is racial discrimination/profiling, seriously who doesn't know how to use chop sticks?!?!? Do Japanese restaurants bring "Americans" forks? Do Italian restaurants bring Asian customers chop sticks? 

When it came time to pay our bill the same hostess who seated us point blank ignored our raised bill in the air and purposely did not take it. At this point my husband walked over to her and tapped her on the back to give her the bill. She continued to ignore him and refused to turn around. He tapped her again with the bill in his had and she again ignored him. When she finally turned she looked at the bill in his hand and refused to take it, letting it drop to the floor when he handed it to her. At this point another restaurant employee came over and asked why the hostess did not take the bill. The hostess walked away and acted like it was not her job. When the other restaurant employee picked up the bill and came over to our table I asked her if the hostess is responsible for taking bills and ringing them up, she responded yes.

When we complained to the owner of the restaurant he said my husband should not have tapped the hostess on the back. Uuuuummm really? How else am I supposed to get a workers attention so they can DO THEIR JOB? Instead of being apologetic or recognizing the blatant discrimination the owner and the manager of the restaurant blamed us the customers for being a problem. 

I will never come to this restaurant again and believe what comes around goes around. The food is mediocre at best and the service does not exist. We are from San Francisco and have never been treated in such a manner at any Chinese or Asian restaurant.
Exterior of this establishment is nice.  I think the timing on this visit wasn't the best as prime time.  1PM arrival and only foods that were good were the ones in the steamer.  Everything else were cold.  I know how they are like when they are fresh, but it was my friends first time having some of the dim sum.

I'll have to return another time.
This restaurant was made for group dining. They have tables that will sit twelve comfortably and we had eleven in our gang. With a a lot of people you can order a lot of different food. We cruised through the usual dim sum dishes, sides and the more exotic like tendons, tripe, thousand year old egg soup, etc. The food was good and the experience fun. After all the food, this violation of a cardinal sin worked out with tip to just $15 a person.
I'm not a vegas local.. so when I first came here, I thought "WHAT?! DIM SUM IN VEGASS?!"

I like this place :) Been here twice and had a good experience both times. It's not too far from the strip either -- probably like a 5 min drive. No wait in the morning, ample seating, good food, and the bill ends up being around $10/person! Good variety of food served too.
This place is a dim sum specialty place!

1.  Parking - Private parking lot, plenty of room.

2.  Ambiance - Typical chinese restaurant.  Plenty of space and tables to accomodate many of guests.

3,  Service - I had to come twice as the first time the service was horrible.  I have seen returned several times and find the service to be consistently efficient.  The servers handling the cart will be happy to explain in broken english what is what.

4.  Food - Awesome. Great selection, well cooked, plenty of traffic which ensures a good flow of fresh food.  They have all my favorites here and my kid's favorites as well.

5.  Price - Very reasonable.

6.  Cart Frequency - The movement of the cart to get what you want or to even catch them by waving is a bit off.

Worth it to dome here and sample everything!
This was the first time that I had gotten Dim Sum in Vegas, as normally my family and I frequent buffets and other things that Vegas specializes at that my hometown of Salt Lake does not.  As dim sum offerings are not as common where I'm from, I was very surprised to find a place that would offer full cart service on a Thursday afternoon around 2 o'clock.  
Win.  

While this wasn't the best dim sum I've ever had, it did have a really good selection.  I didn't love the siu mai or the chicken feet, but the shrimp hargow, the baked char siu bao, and the rice flat noodle with beef and/or shrimp were very tasty.  I'm not much of a fan of fried dim sum, so I didn't really try any of those offerings, but what I did try was pretty good.  

I was also pleased with the ample parking, the service (which was not that bad), and the fact that I came in with half of a party of 9 and they still insisted on seating us right when we got there.  I still have yet to try other dim sum offerings in Vegas, but this was not a bad start!
Love the dim sum! My usual go-to before I hit the road back home.  It is definitely authentic HK style cooking. 

3 stars only because the service is quite slow, and most importantly, it opens pretty late on Sunday's, 10:30 for dim sum is comparably late.  A definite negative!
I've been here for dim sum one time with a large group and was pretty impressed with the quality and price here. We had about 12 people in our group and on a Sunday, this place was packed. Luckily they were able to seat our large group and we started to order away - we go the usual staples of dim sum - haw gao (shrimp dumplings), sew mai (pork dumplings), chicken feet, pork buns, and more. We must have ordered a lot since we were all stuffed by the time we finished eating, but to our surprise when we got the bill, it was only $10 a person (including tip). Definitely will have to come back again for dim sum and also try out the chinese food for dinner.
I love this place, they have fantastic dim sum. Every time I eat here, the servers are super friendly and very patient (I am horrible with accents). The food is always super hot and fresh. The appearance is a bit dated but they keep it very clean. I highly recommend ordering a drink because the water glasses are super small.
Came here on a Friday afternoon around 2... no dim sum carts..its okay..we ordered from the menu and also ordered a chow fun entree.. there were only 3 tables eating(including ours) at that time.. Food was just okay and service was horrible!!! How can you not provide service to only 3 tables in the restaurant..Don't you want to make money?  

The food took a very long time, considering we ordered the most common dim sum dishes such as the shu mai, dumplings and some other plates..After our first round of dim sum orders, we asked about our chow fun.. She had no clue..because she didn't put the order in! She didn't even check up on us and our food took such a long time.  Guess this place is only good on weekends with carts or something but I will definitely NOT coming back here, there are other places around Chinatown where I would gladly eat at.
Average dim sum place compare to another dim sum place in new york or washington dc.
This is probably one of my favorite dim sum places to go in Vegas. Service is excellent, better then other dim sum places I been too. Waiters make sure you have a full set of tea or water. Servers that handle the carts are polite and give you suggestions and choices to pick. They always have a smile when they serve you. The food is delicious! They come in bigger portions then others. I always get there spare ribs and shaomai because it's delicious! And for dessert sometimes I get there coconut bread. Yummy!  And prices isn't that bad either. 


But yeah, great place to eat at if you are ever craving or hungry for dim sum.
Decent dim sum. Beware that they automatically charge you 18% gratuity if you have a large group for dim sum. What for DIM SUM ! This is unheard of. I can see if I am going to P.F. Chang but for dim sum. I have never experienced this before in all my dim sum experience around the world. I usually have dim sum in large group as this is the best way to sample all variety and have never been forced to pay a large party gratuity. 
Oh well, food was okay, I guess for vegas. I personally will be looking for other dim sum places to eat in vegas especially if I am going in a large group. If it was just 3-4 of us, I may consider but in principle, I will probably go somewhere else.
Decent dim sum in Vegas not too far from the strip.  Is it CA or NY quality dim sum, no.  But is it fairly good and reasonable?  Yes.  If you just can't seem to stave off a craving for dim sum in Las Vegas or tired of all those fancy (ie. expensive) restaurants owned by celebrity chefs, this is a good choice.

The selection is pretty good, and everything was the right temperature, the hot things were hot, and the cold were cold (which is really important to me).  There can be lots of people there on a weekend lunch hour (Asians love their dim sum), but the place is pretty big, and you'll be seated fairly quickly.  This is definitely my go-to dim sum place in Vegas.
It's the most decent Dim Sum place in Vegas so far that I have eaten. 
They don't have everything like NYC or CA. But they have the popular things. The rice noodle shrimp: the skin is a bit thick and sometimes they don't de-vein the shrimps =t i think it only happen once to me.  But other then that everything else is pretty OK.

Also if your a coffee person they don't serve coffee. Bring your own.
I was not a fan of the noisy market atmosphere the establishment carried and the food selections were very limited and pricey. An old lady kept coming around and was being extremely pushy with MANGO Pudding and would not stop bothering us until we got a bowl. I will say that the pork buns were good and the service is quick for  catering to our familie's party size (15 or more).
Dim sum off the strip for cheap. Give them a try.  They've been here for a while and everyone and their mom comes here to chow down.  Delicious but slow service... be prepared to wait to get seated.
This place is a below average dim sum place.  Maybe by Vegas standard this place is good, but by Bay Area standards, this place is crap.  It was difficult to find parking at this place; I am actually surprised by this, given that the food is not that great.  The wrapper for the Har gow was dry and tough and the Shumai just tasted ok.  The shrimp rice noodle roll was also just ok, the skin also didn't taste good.  I am probably not going to come back here.
Best dim sum in Vegas. Owners Leo and Helen Chang, very nice! 5 Stars! As usual Maribec had her way with Everybody! Delicious!
Celebrating a late Chinese New Year.
This was my second time here. I was disappointed on my return trip. I thought being so close to their celebration time they would up the ante. But there didn't seem to be the same wide variety of items as my first visit. A lot of the same dishes kept making their way around the dining room. The majority of what I ate was alright. I have no idea what most of it was, but I like the mystery. The dining room is noisy but that is to be expected. There's a lot of communication difficulties, I asked for mayonnaise (of course) and she kept thinking I wanted a menu. My friend asked for chicken wings...well we all had to do the chicken dance for her to get a clue. But its a fun time. And the prices are cheap.
Food was horrible. Not comparable to LA. 
Service was even worse. No one came to get us drinks for 20mins. Wave them down but get ignored. The only somewhat good service were the dim sum cart ladies. Everyone else was rude.  I rather pay more for places on the strip.
The food tastes fine. I've tasted better.
There was no wait but a fair amount of customers. 1pm on a Monday.
Medium-sized restaurant
The normal accented english I find hard to understand
Maybe 4-5 carts rolling around
Avg pricing
I was in Vegas this past weekend and wanted to find a dim sum place. I looked to my handy Yelp app and found Chang's. The service was great and the food tasted really good too! I didn't expect much so I was happily satisfied. Price was reasonable. I must add, their sweet tofu dessert is probably one of the better ones I've ever had.
The only dim sum I have had better was in Vancouver BC, from what I've tried in Las Vegas this is your best bet for Dim Sum.

P.S. its bigger on the inside than it is on the outside.
Wanted to have some Dim Sum for lunch.  Pulled out the handy trusty Yelp App. Decent Dim Sum.  Stopped in on Saturday for lunch.  Was very busy.  It is a good sign when you walk into a restaurant and it is full of asian people.  That means it's good.  Service was great.  The cart ladies came around all the time.  Everything we had tasted good.  Better than not having any Dim Sum at all.   Don't order the Siew Long Pau.  The skin was thick.  Save your money on something else.  They had lots of selection. 90% of everything you can find on a Dim Sum cart in asia.
I love going to Changs.  Best Dim Sum place in Vegas.
Was on a Lil vacation stopped in for a quick lunch and was very happy with the service and the Dim Sum was very good
They serve the best Dim Sum in Vegas.  The food is fresh, the service is warm, the choice is big, and the price is very reasonable.  I do not go to Vegas very often, but if I go, I always have my Dim Sum there.
Great food  and service is not that bad. ..
Went last week to do a compare and contrast against various dim sum restaurants. We were seated right away and the carts came by immediately serving very tasty dishes;  The service was very attentive and the food was decent.

We will return since the location is closer than our other dim sum favorite locations.

Definitely worth trying.
This was my first ever dim sum experience, and I have to say it was pretty good.  I had no idea what to expect, but luckily I went with a friend who was very familiar with the food (and thankfully spoke Cantonese as well) - this experience easily could have been much more difficult and/or awkward going by myself.

I was pretty hands off when it came to ordering and basically just ate what was put in front of me.  The char sui bao and sui mai were great and were my two favorites.  Aside from those, nothing really stood out to me as something I must try again.  The service was good and there was constantly food coming to the table, but as I mentioned before, you'll probably have a better experience if you are not a dim sum novice like myself.

The price was good (aka cheap), but is not quite up to the level of what you'll find in LA - if I get the craving again for dim sum, I'll definitely go back to Chang's.
One of the best options for Dim Sum in Vegas.
Best Dim Sum restuarant in Las Vegas, cheap compared to the Strip, fresh, hot dishes, and friendly staff (especially if you speak Chinese with them, well no duh).

Dim Sum - Chinese Breakfast, Lunch, Brunch

I grew up with the Dim Sum push carts, so I love how they've kept this up so items arrive super hot versus having waiters/waitresses carrying them on lame trays getting cold.  Push carts are very helpful if you're a newbie at Dim Sum because the ladies will always show you what they have, just point and say Ok!

BBQ Pork Steamed/Baked Bun, Char Siu Bao, Baked Char Siu Bao - must get
Chicken Feet with Black Bean, Fung-Tzow - it's red
Spareribs in Black Bean - it's a bit oily
Steamed Open-Faced Pork and Shrimp Dumplings, Siu Mai - usually a crowd pleaser
Shrimp Dumplings, Ha Gow - lots of shrimp wrapped in a semi-clear skin
Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings, Xiao Long Bao - tasty, sometimes a bit mooshy
Chinese Turnip/Radish Cakes, steamed then pan-fried, Lo Bak Goh - my favorite
Steamed Glutinous Rice with Chicken, Shittake Mushrooms, and Chinese Sausage,
     wrapped in leaf, Lo Mai Gai - one of the best
Rice Noodle Rolls with Shrimp, Cheong Fun - best eaten fresh and with soy sauce
Thousand Yr Old Egg Congee, Pai Dan Jok - silky goodness
Beef Inards Stew, Gnaw Lam - one of my favorites, very tasty, relative to the menudo
Steamed Brown Sugar Cake (sometimes with almonds), Ma Lai Goh - very very good
Tofu Pudding with Ginger Sugar Syrup, Dao Fu Fah - silky goodness x2
HK-Style Fried Soy Sauce Egg Noodles, See Yau Wong - oodles of noodles

This is an extensive list of what's usually at my table, but it's not all of it.  Although I'm not a huge fan of trying "new" items, by all means Try EVERYTHING! (you won't know what you like until you try it, it's not like they bite)

Also, I don't recommend people recovering from hangovers to come here during Dim Sum hours, the noise level is very loud and they don't serve coffee.  (Coffee makes Dim Sum tastes yucky!)
Don't get me wrong, food was good BUT I'm rating the service here.

I don't know whether they are short staffed or just have slow staff??? Service took forever just for hot tea & water (I kept asking when it should have been automatic when you sat down), when another one finally brought those after just a minute difference of delivering to our table by another person...she seemed so pissed!  Unbelievable!!! Can't even believe her facial reaction!

The table next to us were also waiting for a long time (10 mins since we got there) just for the to-go containers for their leftovers & their check.  And I thought it was just us...HA!

They are short of carts...while other dim sum places have double amount of carts servicing the floor to avoid the wait, they need to double up their service carts.  You will have consumed almost all of your food before you get to see the next cart (even if you have at least 4 short orders to feast on, providing you are a party of 2).

I might or might not come back here to give it another chance (not too soon)....but definitely not desperate yet, there are other dim sum places in the city most especially if you are or can drive to chinatown and discover new places there.
Solid Dim Sum place.  Nothing fancy, but good reliable Dim Sum.  It can get very busy on the weekend so get there early.  One caveat, they have a small side room with a couple of tables in it.  Try not to get seated in there.  It appears the cart goes there last so the food might be sold out or less fresh.
A wise man once told me "When you go to a Chinese restaurant, lower your expectation for service." This is true 99% of the time. Chinese restaurants are just notorious for their horrid service. However, Chang's service is not bad at all. The food here is equally as good as Cathay House, but I definitely have to say the service here is slightly better. There's no question about the quality of food at  both restaurants. They're both great in taste. They won't serve you cold food, the food gets to you at a decent speed, and the best thing is some of the waiters/waitresses actually know some English! So if you're on the edge of picking between Cathay House and Chang's, I'd say its worth going a little bit out of the way for it.

All in all, this would be my ranking for dim sum restaurants in Vegas.

1.Chang's
2.Cathay House
3.Orchid Garden (worst one in town in my opinion)

DISCLAIMER: I am not saying this place has excellent service; merely that the service is actually existent and not horrible.
My husband and I went here with a chinese friend which helped as this was our first experience with dim sum.  The thing that struck me the most was the wonderfull service!  Our drinks were filled promptly upon becoming half empty.  They were constantly bringiing the carts around without being pushy.  Our friend ordered for us and I loved everything except the short ribs.  A little too shy on meat and flavor.  The chinese brocolli was divine.  He got us a desert that looked like an almond cookie on top but was shaped kind of like a cream puff.  It had a custard pudding inside that was very carmely!  Awesome.  Will go again when our friend takes us or if we get the nerve to try and order ourselves.
New prices for dim sum are posted by cashier. Went up about 35 cents. Rice is $1.50 for a small bowl. Over all a good spot for vegas dim sum. Don't plan on going anywhere after though, we smell like food and the gas that fuels the carts. ;)
You know... really not bad for a dim sum place. I didn't have high expectations, especially being slightly outside of Chinatown, but really, most of the dishes were good and they had a decent variety. Service left something to be desired, but I suppose that's any Chinese place even in the bay area. Price was reasonable, and it satisfied my dim sum craving.
Food taste so fresh! Shrimp fried rice is amazing!
I really hate going to chinese restaurants because of horrible service. But i really love the food in changs.. daily for lunch they have the DIM SUM CARTS rolling around,. I must say its freaking good! love the hagaw and shumai.. This is a must eat place for Dim SUM! never really treid the regular menu because i only come here for the Dim Sum. I highly reccomend it for a casual lunch or a business lunch.
We have to come here for dim sum every time we're in town, and again, we're not disappointed. They offered push cart service with all your basic dim sum like Har Gau, Shu Mai and Chan Fun. Did not found anything we didn't like, all were seasoned just right. Service was good and the push carts were kept fresh. They offer dim sum seven days a week. Be back next time.
Good dim sum, decently priced, variety is not too extravagant, but the basics are covered and done well. Only a couple carts that keep coming around, but they are always restocked nicely.
service actually existed here! lol and they didn't charge us for tea!  I asked before I ordered it!  and I thought everything we ordered was good except for the custard bun which was way too runny so they took it off our check which is unheard of in Chinese restaurants!  loved that it's so close, only a few minutes from our hotel on the strip. it wasn't crowded at all but busy.  it was Thursday lunch.  the place is clean and the wait staff were all nice. there was one cart lady that was a little pushy w/ selling her stuff & menu items but she's just doing her job, she wasn't rude or anything just pushy.  for 9 dishes we paid $33 for 2 people. we'll be back when back in Vegas. I like this place way better than Orchids!
Much was said about the service (or lack thereof), and while it turned me off while waiting half an hour for our orders, the quality of food is unbelievably outstanding that my initial 2 star rating was instantaneously bumped to a 4. That's how good this restaurant is. Braised sea bass with tofu, are you kidding me? Soooo delicate & exquisitely prepared. The pan fried Singapore noodles was also a hit, just the right mix of authenticity and yumminess to the untrained palate. This place calls for a repeat!
The dim sum is just average at best. I am chinese so I know dim sum! It doesn't compare to a San Fran or NY or even my local Oriental East in the DC area.  I wasn't expecting much from the other reviews, but thought I would give it a chance.  The decor is lacking any luster very dated and needs renovation quick!
This is our 2nd day in a row here, 1st was dinner and next day was Dim Sum.  The food is very good for Hong Kong style cuisine and Dim Sum, I would highly recommend it for anyone looking for real Chinese food and Dim Sum.
Chang's has gone a little downhill recently.  I have gone there for many years, and enjoyed it, but lately they have had a change of staff and the ladies with the carts are really pushing the food on you.  Literally putting it on the table as you are saying NO!  I have heard that the ladies are now on commission so, if true, that could be the reason.  Also, Chang's has raised their prices significantly.  To me, Orchid Gardens is a much better bet and they have a bigger selection of dim sum rotating throughout the restaurant most times.
Nice Dim Sum restaurant. Will visit again.
the best dim sum anywhere!
My friends recommended this restaurant so we went there last time we were in town. I heard their dim sum is greatest in the area but we went for dinner to avoid crowd. Almost every dish we ordered was beyond our expectations. Just this dinner alone made our vacation all worth it. Thank you my friends for letting us know this finest dining place in LV.
food is pretty good and service is fast.
Greatest Dim Sum in Las Vegas.  The varieties are great and the service is fast and friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.  Lots of parking available in their lot.
While I love dim sum, Chang's didn't stand out anymore than the others.  It was good dim sum, but I had to reduce it down to three stars for service.  We came on Christmas Eve morning and there were about 8-10 tables filled.  Even then, service began to suck.  The hostess never brought my coke that I asked for, TWICE!  The carts were very, very, very slow.  Like us, there were several others eating a couple of items and then sat and waited for another cart to come by.  

Tables began to fill up quickly.  They were way understaffed.  The hostess was doing it all, seating, getting drinks and utensils, and taking the checks.  Carts would disappear into the other room and we looked around for a cart.  There was no cart in the main dining room!  That's just ridiculous.  We felt that there was no organization at all.  In the end, we just wanted to leave since nothing else was happening.  Our check just took forever to come.

Two days later, we went to have dim sum again but at Orchids.  See my review there.  Since I come out to Vegas quite often, I might consider coming here again.
Dim sun Heaven!!!!. There were carts after carts of dim sum goodness! There were things I love....har gow, shu mi, dumplings.....things I never seen...Chinese churro, cucumber salad, seaweed salad , tendon salad...and much more.

It for sure gets busy but I will be back time and time again.
Dim Sum for breakfast...I remember my buddy having his wedding reception here so we gave it another shot.  Food was good, not great.  

salted shrimp - favorite dish eaten.  Once you start chomping on these things, its hard to stop.  Well, maybe the warning sign from your greasy fingers will make you stop, but these things are damn tasty.  Best I've ever had.

All the shrimp dishes were great.  Har Gow, shumai, rice noodle roll thing.

Chicken feet - not one of my favorite foods in the world, and I was reminded why.  But if its your thing, my friend seemed to enjoy it.

Egg custard - great!

Steamed egg cake - also great!

All in all, not bad.  But maybe next time we'll take a chance on those other restaurants near the massage parlors.
I could've sworn I wrote about this place already...It's one of my fav Chinese spots in town.

I was very wary coming here because it was deserted. I actually thought they were closed the first time. The crazy part is that the dining room is pretty big but don't be surprised if you are the only one there. Normally this is a very bad sign that the restaurant is awful but I took my chances and I'm glad I did.

They have some off the wall plates and I was in a daring mood so I decided to try the Bird's Nest. Sounds crazy but it's just seafood and veggies in a chow-mein-ish bowl. The chow-mein/noodle is made into a dried cracker bowl and the seafood just sits inside it. Just in case this was a bust we ordered a "safe" dish in orange chicken.

The food was amazing. The Bird's Nest was very enjoyable and fun to eat! The bowl soaks in the seafood juicies and the crunchy bite into the chow-mein is so satisfying. The orange chicken tastes really good but not over the top with flavors. They give you a ton of rice + hot tea so I really enjoyed the service.

I don't know how they stay in business when they are empty all the time. I've been there three times now and the most I've seen is 1 table besides us. I've been thinking...Perhaps this is a secret hideout for the local Chinese gang and there is a basement beneath the kitchen where the mob players poker, sip on tsing tao and plot their next big heist. The whole restaurant is just a front for their scheme. Hmm, maybe but I could care less. HA! I will be returning in the near future.
Just wanted to start off my saying I'm usually not a huge fan of Dim Sum since everything is super oily and isn't fresh. However, Chang's was a pleasant surprise. They serve the usual dishes all chinese dim sum restaurants offer with the exception of their dessert buns and oh were they good. I dont know what you call them in english but essentially they were white buns with the yellow sugar filling. That is the main reason why we'll be coming back. The other dishes were better than average and I didn't get a nauseous feeling after eating.  Maybe I finally found a chinese restaurant that did it right!
We visit this restaurant every time we are in Las Vegas.  It may be on Decatur, but the drive will not prevent us from tasting great Dim Sum.  This is Chinese fast food at it's best.  We were a party of 4 and had a great meal within 30 minutes.  The price is right.  You need to be careful, this is not a well kept secret.  If you get there at the wrong time, just the wait is 90 minutes.  Be prepared, people will wait to eat there.
Not good to have your party.
You had to constantly tell the servers to bring the food in.. No initiative! Rice came after the food! Owners doesn't care if the party needs anything. The server brought some disposable plates for the cake that we brought in. I then asked for ceramic plates then the server asked why not the disposable? Not coming back to hold for parties.
The food was nothing special. It was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The reason behind the 1 star rating is not the unremarkable food or even the poor, slow service we experienced. It wasn't the fact that the cashier was unprofessional and stuffing his face behind the counter while wiping his mouth with his hands in between transactions. It's the fact that their restrooms are so dirty it makes me worry about the cleanliness if the kitchen. If they're willing to let their patrons see mold growing in around the sink counters, garbages overflowing with paper towels, and used toilet paper strewn all the floors then what kind of standards of cleanliness could they possibly adhere to in the kitchen? I wish I would have made a stop in the restroom before I started eating... If I had then I wouldn't have even given their food a chance! Skip Chang's until they can clean the place up!
Pretty good Dim Sum menu.  Best to go between 11am to 1pm for the best and freshest selection.  Prices are fair.
visiting Vegas and was tired of the overpriced strip restaurants so decided to yelp a chinese restaurant off strip and am really happy to have found Changs.  The restaurant was empty I have no idea why because the food was amazing, fresh and tasty. Our server was friendly helpful and kept our water and tea full. we had the vegetable spring rolls, honey walnut shrimp, orange chicken, spicy shrimp and chicken fried rice.  I will come back here the next time I'm in Vegas and for any out of towners it is really easy to get to by car
Baboy had been talking about this place for dim sum for a MINUTE! We finally got a chance to come here and indulge. 
Honestly, dim sum tastes the same to me wherever I eat it. Some things might stick out once in a while but other than that it's all the same to me. 
This was a good spot to dine though and we got in before the rush so we were lucky with that.
This place was surprisingly good.   I was not expecting much, and thus I was happy with both the service and the food.  Good place to go.   Not the best, but good.
I was a little hesitant to go in to the restaurant when I pulled in to the parking lot and it was almost empty on a Wednesday morning.  By 1130, the restaurant was hopping and I felt better that there were others enjoying their Dim Sum.  This restaurant was located on S Decatur Blvd between W Harmon Blvd and W Tropicana Blvd in Las Vegas.

I asked for the Hot Chili Pepper Oil and an older gentleman brought me a small dish.  I actually prefer this to the communal container which is traditionally on the table.

There were 4 dishes that really stood out here:

Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf: There were large chunks of Chinese Mushoom, Chinese Sausage, and Shrimp.  The filling wasn't all ground up.  This has been the best "Chinese Tamale" so far out of the 4 Dim Sum Houses I have tried in Las Vegas.

BBQ Pork Pie:  The 3 triangular pies were large and so flaky.  I loved the glistening of the egg wash.  The BBQ pork was sweet with large chunks.  My husband would love these.

Baked Sweet Custard Bun:  The outside was crusty, the bun was so soft.  The custard was thick and a little on the sweet side.

Baked Custard Tarts:  Light flaky crust, creamy custard.  Good sized.

Everything else was average.

The Shrimp Rice Noodle had 2 rolls with a total of 6 good sized shrimp.  The server cut the rolls into 6 pieces and poured a sweet soy sauce over the noodles.  There were no scallions or anything in the rolls besides the shrimp.

The 4 Siu Mai had pale orange eggs on top and were luke warm coming from a steaming cart.  Perhaps yesterday's leftovers?

The 4 Har Gow had a very delicate outer noodle.  It tore as I tried to pick up a dumpling.  There were whole pieces of shrimp with chopped bamboo shoots.

The 3  Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork (Haam Sui Gau): were okay, but not outstanding.  They were warm, not hot.

I asked a server for the Don Tot (Baked Custard Tarts).  She said maybe later.

I did not see any Shark Fin Dumpling or Steamed Pork Ribs in Black Bean Sauce.

There was a young boy going around refilling tea.  My empty plates were cleared frequently.  The service was better here than at other Dim Sum Houses.  There were a few English speaking people like the young girl who brought me the Sticky Rice with Lotus Leaf.

As I went up to the cash register to pay, a server brought me a tray of Don Tot.  I bought one order which had the usual 3 pieces.

I will be back.
I honestly wanted to write a 5-star review as the past few times i've been here I've been completely satisfied. This time i arrived with 3 other friends. We were seated and must have waited 15 minutes for a cart to even pass by!

Usually there are so many items to select from yet this time around we felt completely gipped. Very few selections and the cart ladies would rush by so quickly it seemed as if they didn't even want to serve food. 

The items we did select are always satisfying so this review is not on the quality of food but rather service and selection. 

I just hope my next visit is better so that i can write an update.
Came here for dim sum to cure that hangover from last night. 

Pretty much your standard dim sum place, has everything from siu mai, shrimp rice noodles, har gow, etc. I didn't really find these outstanding. I've had better.

We came pretty early before the rush, so it was pretty dead. Service was good. Although when I asked for chili pepper sauce they gave a tiny sauce plate.
I brought friends from LA here for breakfast because they were craving dim sum.  I loved it!  The service was great and the staff was friendly.  The shrimp dumplings were fantastic, but my favorite was the Gai-LAN (Chinese broccoli). It was PERFECTLY cooked tender crisp.  It was a large amount as well and I couldn't stop eating it, which was great because it was the healthiest thing we ordered by far.  The only thing is I tried to take a co-worker friend after school at 3:30 and dim sum was over.  The website says dim sum goes until 5:00.  We ordered entrees that were still very good, but I was a little disappointed dim sum was over.  Other than that, the place is fantastic.
Service was excellent. Our tea and water was refilled all the time,never had to waive at the servers to get their attention. And the only Chinese restaurant Ived ever been too that servers smiled and was very nice lol.
Dim Sum isn't something I often do in Vegas, let alone eat. In an effort to enjoy all that the city has to offer, I found myself here at Chang's one recent weekend afternoon, with the hope of scoring something delicious. What I had found was what I expected all along: an average run of the mill "yum cha" experience.

It's not entirely their fault, after all Las Vegas isn't overrun with a Chinatown that isn't filled with seedy adult joints and gringofied Chinese spots without the support or demand of a larger community. Hence, the exterior gives away the experience ahead of time: a semi-cheesy palatial looking front coupled with a retro sign that screams Chinese Americana from decades before.

Inside the Dim Sum scene is within the typical banquet hall, with a few carts that make their rounds, usually a couple with steamed dishes and the others with more fried pastries and desserts. Once we saw the same 4 carts that approached the table and very few staffers with special dishes to give out, the experience and variety is going to be limited.

Everything from the steamed to the fried was bland. My beloved shrimp dumplings (har gow) needed some serious hot sauce before I could rip them from their mini bamboo baskets, even when the rice shell is dry and falling apart. The same could be applied to the fried pork dumplings (ham sui gok), which all of its glutinous glory was puffy and thick, but unfortunately was lacking on the pork part, skimpified on the guts side. All of the rice noodle wraps / crepes (cheurng fun) all needed some sweet soy sauce help before consumption, though the same can be said about the lo mai gai, siu mai, and fish + meat ball (ngau yuk yuen / lang yu kau).

A surprisingly decent dish? The stir fried rice noodle with sesame seed. Soaked in soy sauce, topped with a sprinkling of sesame seed and peppers, it was surprisingly flavorful and light. It was fragrant and the texture was silky smooth. It piques my curiosity for their other non-cart noodle dishes. To no one's surprise, it falls in the special price column on the Dim Sum receipt.
You're seated.
Within moments, a push cart wheels to your table, it's over-grinning driver sporting one of those big toothy smiles. Not speaking, he nods his head, implicitly saying; "You try Dim Sum?

What the fuck, right? 
I don't know dog shit from apple butter about this type of food. Why not, I reason. 
I load up anything that remotely appears to have beef peering through its doughy cocoon. 
Some of it tasty. Some, not very. Who cares. This is an experiment in eating as far as I'm concerned.

The tray comes around on timed intervals (it seems), only, the second time, I lose track of my first-round selections. I needed a plan. Methodically, I started at one end of the cart, sampling one of everything. Five rounds later, I'd had enough.
I spit half the shit out in my napkin. (Anthony Bourdain I'm not). 
The stuff that WAS good, was really good. Only I forgot which pieces were repeaters. 
This shit is really confusing for a Dim Sum novice.

The desserts were tasty too, but I can't tell you what I ate. It was sweet with a weird texture.

This was an exceptional experience I will repeat, but I'm going to have to be severely fucked-up before doing so. 
Smiling cart driver, with all his head bobbing had me fantasizing I was a turn of the century railroad magnate, surrounded by my Coolie workers.
tl;dr DO NOT come after regular dim sum hours (after 2:30PM)! Service is HORRID during this time, but great dining experience during normal lunch hours.

Just came here again after usual dim sum hours. The place was a ghost town. After my last experience, I can definitely understand why.

I came here with my girlfriend's family and we were the only party there. To put it mildly, our party wouldn't be one a waiter would like to deal with. HOWEVER! It is still a waiter's duty to satisfy the customer! The moment my girlfriend and I arrived, her family was already there with her little 10 year old sister crying because she wanted to eat KFC for her birthday. Rather than alleviating the situation into something funny, the ONLY waiter working just kept giving our table glares. We were then given menus to write what we would like to have ordered.

I understand in regular dim sum you would receive your food whenever the carts get to you; however, if you I am ordering all at once for someone in the kitchen to make it, I hardly understand why my food would come out in 5 minute spans of each other. I found that strange and bad pacing of my meal. Our food was coming out slow, so I asked the waiter if our baked BBQ pork buns were still coming out. He then rudely claimed that he told us that he had no pork buns. In an ideal world, the waiter should have simply said "sorry, we have no pork buns today" and if I were to argue with him, then he could've justified acting defensive. Either way, he still didn't say that they were out of pork buns, but I digress... 

The experience then went sour when little sister dropped her glass and then future-mom-in-law drops her glass. The waiter completely avoids the situation cleaning other tables from afar. He never once came to our table and say "don't worry, we'll take care of that." These guys then lost their tip when the cashier said "boy, your party sure was loud" as we were paying for our meal. I understand that my party wasn't the best behaved at this meal; however, the guys working the later afternoon shift (after 3PM) need to learn customer service!

However the food was good, so we still left a 5% tip. -5% for bad service and -5% for bad management. I definitely have to come here one more time during normal dim sum hours to get a more accurate review.

In contrary to my last review my new dim sum places are now:
1. Cathay House (service improved)
2. Chang's (service seemed to have worsened during after hours)
3. Orchid Garden (STAY AWAY)
Pretty good service which is a little surprising. Dim sum was really good. Nice new find from our usual place Orchid garden.
Damn this place is good. It's one of the best dim sum places that I've been too, and yes it's located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Apparently Las Vegas has a lot of Asians because there's a pretty expansive China Town that we saw as we made our way to the Strip. We had landed, picked up our rental and immediately made our way here for Dim Sum on a Sunday. The place was decently sized and wasn't overcrowded.

The food was really good, particularly the fried shrimp balls, which is my favorite dim sum item. As a bonus, it came with this mayo sauce that usually accompanies fried shrimp wontons, which was also delicious. We got too many items for me to list but overall, try as much food as you can because it was all tasty!

An added bonus was the price: $70 for 5 people, and we were all stuffed and satisfied. Usually we're spending $50-60 on 4 people and we're still left hungry after eating at the dim sums in Dallas. Definitely eat here!
DIM SUM
The dim sum here is good and super cheap. Three of us ate to our hearts content for about $25 with about 10 things off the cart and sodas. We even took some of the dishes to go. 

EGGPLANT SHRIMP is delicious. 
RICE ROLLS WITH SHRIMP and PONZU SOY SAUCE. We ordered two of those dishes, it was so good.  

SERVICE
Sucks. It took me 10 minutes AFTER the food was on our table for her to bring the spicy mustard...and we asked for it the minute we sat down.
The dim sum is pretty good. MSG was not heavy, no massive frontal headache.
Best chinese food in town!!! I love their food! Mongolian beef is exceptionally good!!!!
After having been introduced to Dim Sum by my 17 year old niece this Summer I decided to try another Dim Sum /Chinese cuisine restaurant. I tried this one because its close to our new shop we opened and I wanted to place a take out order.  I have to say that I am very impressed as to how fresh the Chinese food taste and how awesome and also fresh their dim sum taste!! Wow!!  Am definitely hooked with this restaurant!  (=
It's been a while since I've been here. Walked in the door and they started to speak  English to me.... that's odd. Then we sat down.... they brought us forks...... what the hell is going on? We never get forks, who the hell uses forks? So now they assume everyone doesn't know Chinese and uses forks? I was really offended by the forks.   Looked around, I see people with forks, sodas, cold water glasses, hot mustard, tables with no tea, and people actually ordering the plates of noodles (the stuff you never buy at dim sum.) 

Not to sound racist but I saw mostly white and Filipino people in here. Maybe some Hawaiians. I felt like the only Chinese. Did not hear anybody say Jo-san.  What the hell is going on? There are a lot of non-Chinese yelping going on too. Lot's of 5 stars, that's weird. 

You know if a Chinese restaurant is good if there are bad ratings for things like:
-rude dim sum cart ladies
-or they forgot my water,
-or they forgot my hot mustard, 
-they don't have orange chicken
-they don't speak english
-there's leaves in my tea
-they circle dishes of food around my face saying, "you want this teriyaki bullshit on plate?" 


Really forks?
Chang's is probably one of the oldest Dim Sum joint in town.  They seem to have more local customers than tourists here, and I usually only came here when I meet up with friends that live locally.  Parking can be very limited during the weekend lunch hour.   Wait time seems to inevitable during those time as well. 

Price wise is slightly lower than the ones closer to the Strip, but so does their quality.  Some of the dim sum felt like a hit or miss, but still better than ones I had back at my home state and some place in town.  The dishes here were not as good as I had in other Chinese places as well.  

Aside from listening in on other Chinese gossiping dramas for entertainment, the cheap Dim Sum is all they have to offer here.  We received the usual poker face style Chinese services, and added entertainment from staffs gossiping about their management.
Yum! Love me some dim sum. We've been here a few times and their dim sum is always fresh and delicious. I don't remember all the names of the items, but some of the usual suspects are pork hash, char siu bau, shrimp balls, tripe, bean curd, taro puffs, scallop rolls...and many more. Everything I've had was tasty and nothing to complain about. 

The service is hit and miss though. You have to ask for refills and small things like utensils and hot sauce. Sometimes the staff can come off rude but I don't pay much attention unless someone is blatantly yelling in my face. The interior is a bit outdated and not the cleanest, and parking can be tough during the lunch rush. Overall I would visit again while vacationing in Vegas.
Went with coworkers yesterday. We ate everything!!! Food was good and carts came by quite often. With auto grat we paid $17 each. Think this is slightly more than I've usually spent at dim sum places, but by only a couple of bucks at most. You have all your typical dim sum choices. Nothing really stood out to me. A negative is that no one came by to refill our water cups. That was disappointing. Other than that, it was a good meal.
I came here for dim sum. 

Beef Tripe: This was tender and juicy. Pretty good.

Chicken Feet: This wasn't as tender as I'm used to but this was pretty good. They might need to cook this a bit longer.

Sticky Rice: The sticky rice was cooked a bit too long that the rice was slightly soggy but I liked the filling. It had variety of different meats.

Congee: Consistency is ok but they don't have enough pork or thousand year old egg in it. Pretty good.

Chinese Donut: I like how they make this one at a time so that any person who wants it, gets it fresh. It was crispy and warm. After giving it to us, they went back to the kitchen to get another one. That's good that they do that so that people get it fresh.

Pineapple Bun: I don't care for the bun because it's the same bun as they use for the bbq pork sweet bun. The filling is ok but not the best.

Spring Roll: The meat inside the spring roll was slightly mushy but the spring roll was really crispy.

Egg Tart: This was good too. It came out warm and the custard part was flaky.

Shrimp Dumpling: This is a good dish. The skin wasn't thick and it's not a large dumpling. 

Bean Curd Roll: This dish needs a good sauce. This was pretty good and the filling was tender.

Service was good. There's a lot of people pushing carts around and they also make sure you get the freshest dishes. There's also people picking up dishes too when you're done so you have space to get more food.

The restaurant is large. They have enough space for large groups.

Overall, pretty good food. I'll definitely come back here again.
This was a great place to have dim sum, since they have changed chefs it hasn't been the same for me. My kids even noticed the difference with the food. The price is still lower than most places, but quality is not the same.
The best dim sum I've had in Vegas, hands down. We found this place from other Yelp users.  And thank goodness. 
We had all the regular dim sum fare, and I can say that everything was flavorful. All the things that were supposed to be crispy, were.  And everything that was supposed to be soft and chewy, was. 
We will definitely be coming back on our next Vegas trip.
Good dim sum! Highly recommend ! We went there and had dinner too, real Cantonese food ! And it's not expensive , reasonable prices.
I have a very soft spot for Chang's. My family and I have had many great gatherings here throughout the years. The food is also pretty good, especially the dim sum. Other favorites are the salt and pepper squid and their crispy seafood noodles.

However, the reason why I'm taking a star off is that their service is pretty terrible. For example, the last time we were there, the server took forever to take our orders, didn't say a word to us when we were giving him our order, and just slammed the food on our table and walked away. My mom and I pretty much just had to laugh it off because it was that bad.

Other than that, Chang's is pretty good. We'll be back in the future because it's one of our staple places. And because that crispy noodle is pretty freakin' good.
3.75 Stars!

During our 3 night stay in Vegas, we decided to try Chang's HK Cuisine for their dim sum based on their Yelp reviews.  We were expecting a wait since it was a Sunday at lunch, but there wasn't a wait.

The restaurant was about 75% full when we arrived for lunch.  We were immediately seated and the women pushing the carts started coming by our table.  We got some of our favorites - BBQ pork bun, siu mai, shrimp rice noodle, and sesame balls.  All were fairly good, but the one dish they didn't have was my favorite - shrimp dumplings (har gow).  I really wanted to try har gow at Chang's, but every time I asked a woman, she said she didn't have it.  

Chang's goes on the tiered pricing model, so some dishes are more expensive than others.  Most places in Los Angeles are like this too, which is why I love Ocean Star because they have a flat pricing schedule.

The food was good at Chang's and about the same as other dim sum places I've tried in the Vegas Chinatown area.  The best thing about Chang's was we didn't have to wait for a table!

We got four dishes and the bill came out to around $16.00.  Please see my pictures.

Xie Xie!
(3.4 star) In Las Vegas when you think about dim sum you think about Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine, well Chang's and maybe 2 or 3 other places. It is a popular place for dim sum and has been around for years. Chang's was actually my first real dim sum experience, sure I've had the various dim sum items before but I never eaten in the "dim sum" environment where an old little Asian lady goes around pushing her cart offering food served from steamer containers until Chang's.

Nothing I've had wowed me to point of shouting "OH THIS IS THIS BEST THING EVER!" but majority of what I've had were delicious with some meh items. They have all of my favorites. You have to either like or dislike dim sum to eat at a dim sum place and I'm in the middle. I like eating dim sum items but don't like eating at time dim sum places. I'll eat or try almost everything they have to offer except the weird stuff. It's kind of hard to keep track of what you've eaten until the end because they'll come around fast with multiple carts and containers, they'll show you various items, and you just say that you want it or not. It's easy to get carried away. There will be containers on the table and you won't remember what they are, surprise.

Overall I don't think it's the best "dim sum" experience you can have in Vegas but I'll probably be back just for the food. It's spacious but can fill up, reasonably priced but can really add up if you want to eat a lot, clean but not so clean, it's old and does look like it needs work. They're friendly and fast but nothing out of the ordinary.
Always a required stop in Las Vegas.  Either coming into town or leaving.  The Dim Sum is without equal.  Be careful, it gets very crowded FAST but it worth the wait if you must.
On equal footing with Yank SIng in San Francisco. . . perhaps with fewer special plates - but less expensive as well.
Will be back, next time in Las Vegas
The food may be good, but be warned: THEY HAVE NO AIR CONDITIONING. Yes, folks, that's right -- in Las Vegas, Nevada (a.k.a the desert) they have no a.c.  By choice.  We asked if the a.c. was broken.  Nope.  Not broken -- nonexistent, they said.  Although, since no one there really speaks English, it's possible they have it but simply choose not to use it.  

We went there to eat in December and it was 49 degrees outside. 

But, inside this restaurant it was easily over 80 degrees from all the people and the heat from the kitchen.  The few ceiling fans only pushed the hot air around.

So, if you have low tolerance for heat and stifling stuffiness, avoid this place.

If you like getting a free sauna while eating, then have at it!
It's gotten better. Food has almost come back to what it use to be. Service is better than most. They now offer hot pot, I'll be back for that. Dim sum wise, this place is back on the list for me and the foodie kids.
I've eaten plenty of dim sum in my life and this place fell so short of my expectations. It was a Sunday morning and they has just opened up. 

Ha gow were tiny and skimpy on the shrimp. The dim sum tasted like leftovers from the day before and wasn't fresh. Besides the disappointing quality - there was a very small selection to choose from for a Sunday. The service was so so and the prices were high for the quality of food received.

I wouldn't even think about coming back here in the future.
I was super grumpy and starving the morning (really early afternoon) we went here. I was prepared to hate it. I didn't.

Service was fast.. they had me gnawing on duck bones and slurping up dumplings with in 3 min of walking in the door! 

They have some of the best egg tarts I have eaten in this hemisphere. 

This is a pretty traditional Chinese place, not much English is spoken, the good thing is for Dim Sum Brunch, they bring around a cart, and you point to what you want to eat and chances are it will be good. 

Dim Sum is good. Chang's is good. Eat here.
Good morning dim sum!  Good place to eat out in LV.  I love that they have push carts.  Don't like ordering off the menu.  I'm a visual person so was a score.  Definitely come here again.
Really good dimsum for a really good price if you're ever in Vegas and looking for some dimsum. They got a good amour of selections there as well
HORRIBLE SERVICE  - MANAGERS DON'T HONOR RESERVATIONS

I love Dim Sum and Chang's used to be one of my favorite in town, but I will never go there again.  Weeks before my birthday I made a reservation for my party in the small room.  I watched the reservation written down by David and was confirmed for a small family party.  Just to be sure, I came in 6 days before the party and was again assured that my reservation was all set.

We came in today for the party and David, the same guy that took my reservation, claimed that we had no reservation.  The story continued to change (that we needed a deposit; That we had not confirmed that reservation - basically lying).  The manager, David is a sneaky, slimy piece of work.

After enough yelling, David inconveniencing my family, and ruining my birthday party - we were moved into the room.  He was incredibly rude to my mother, who showed up 15 minutes earlier than I had and never said sorry to me.  

long story short: I went above and beyond to confirm my reservation and the managers at Changs lied point-blank and were rude and slippery.  Don't go there - the food wasn't even good today - you are better off at Orchid Gardens.
I really wish our experience here had been as good as we've read in the reviews. We came at a later time, so we weren't expecting anything amazing. They seemed mildly inconvenienced by us, and the food was extremely sub-par as dim sum goes. It was heartbreaking, because the pictures look wonderful! Nothing we had looked like that. The menu was not even close to what the menus photo'd look like. We went to Ping Pang Pong the following day and were relieved to have a far better experience.
Just another average dim sum place, nothing too fancy or special. We came during a weekday so there was plenty of seats but I heard it gets insanely pack during the weekends. Service was quick but then again there wasn't too many patrons to serve. The dim sum was just average to me. I've had better.
I will recommend this to anyone who wants a familiar taste and a break from big portioned Las Vegas food and buffet...
Came to this place solely based on many positive reviews for some good "Dim Sum." 

Everything we ordered was authentic except the fried egg rolls. It didn't have enough meat in it to make it a traditional egg roll.

The only draw back is the location, as it is not located near Chinatown and retail shops area. Otherwise, I give this a thumb's up!
Yum dim sum ...when it's not busy all is 5 star! Yum yum dim sum


Try it on a Sat 130pm ...worked for me A+
pretty good, the eggtarts are bomb, service was good. typical dim sum place, gets the job done
I think this place is on point, for Dim Sum that is.  They had all of our favorites readily available as soon as we sat down, that's awesome. 
I've been to a few places where they serve Dim Sum and some of the food on the carts are cold.  Also at other places, when you are slowing down, they still try to give you more Dim Sum.  I did not get that here.  

Jesse N and I got so carried away that we did spend a little too much between the two of us, hahaha.  We are not complaining because that happens to us a lot because we want to be able to try everything we can.  The service here was great, they cleared our plates quick.  When they saw that we needed takeout boxes, they had them handy on the cart already!  

This place seems to get pretty busy, so you may end up waiting, but I will say it is definitely worth it.
4 star quality of food and 1 star service - kind of spotty. We got there as soon as it opened at 1030am and it was fairly empty but filled up by the time we started eating. The "head waitress" (I imagine bc she had a fancy white shirt as opposed to a regular shirt that the cart ladies were wearing) was a complete BEEYOTCH! I asked her what comes in the "combination noodles" and she responded - it could be chicken it could be any kind of meat. Uhm, this of all places should NOT be a place where you say it could be anything. Hold the cat yes ?! The cart pushing ladies were much nicer, although very hard to understand. 
Prices are fantastic - four of us ate loads of dim sum for $70 and it was all very tasty from the crystal dumplings to the shrimp balls and the siu mai pork dumplings.
I love quick and easy dim sum. I went out by myself to explore the Chinatown that Vegas had to offer. After looking up some dim sum spots I decided to go with Changs. I was not disappointed nor thoroughly excited.

The variety of food definitely hit the spot. The quality was probably on par with anything I've had on the East Coast, it was authentic and well priced.

Vegas' Chinatown had nothing really going for it, but the cheap eats were delicious and great.
It's really really hard to find quality dim sum in Las Vegas' I'm used to Vancouver, BC where top Hong Kong chefs make their home. However, Chang's is pretty good - with a good selection of harder to find dishes without paying ridiculous Las Vegas Strip or hotel prices.  It's crowded primarily on weekends - mostly come during weekday lunches - haven't  tried their "dinner" specials though.
I've been to a few dim sum places in Las Vegas but I think this one exceeds the quality of the other places I've been to. Checked it out with my girlfriend after our sudden craving for dim sum. 

In comparison:

East Ocean: Not as expensive as this place.  There are more than 2 carts going around serving you food

Harbor Palace:  This place is really dirty.  Food seems like its been hanging out in the cart all day and the service isn't that great.

The staff was very friendly.  Food is constantly being regulated throughout the restaurant and they offer all the delights of a standard dim sum (shu mai, chicken feet etc...) 

Food highlights:  

1. The pork belly is an absolute must get, I kid you not. This exceeds any pork belly i've gotten at goyemon, AYCE kbbq and lechon at the several filipino parties i've been to.  The skin is deep fried to utter perfection while the meat is juicy and very tender.

2. Deep fried shrimp balls with the sweet mayo

3. The duck was very good but a little on the saucy side

4. Chicken feet was delicious.  Plenty of cartilage to suck on 

Service:

A lot of the staff speak 0 english.  Even if you have dark skin, pale skin or blue skin, they will talk to you in chinese.  Staff is very friendly and anyone is willing to stop what they are doing to see what you need.


Overall, a great dim sum spot in Las Vegas without compromising your wallet or food quality
My friends, my family, and I have frequented Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine for dim sum for as long as I could remember. When my family wants dim sum, this is the place to go. When my friends want dim sum, this is the place to go. However, after being away from Vegas for the past 3 years, things have drastically changed. I'm not sure if it's because of my taste buds or perhaps with other dim sum places popping up, such as KJ Kitchen at Rio....things have changed at Chang's.

Quality certainly has gone downhill. The service, on the other hand, I have seen no changes. It's still just like any other Chinese place where it's hard to find anyone to help you when you need it. 

My family and I came here for lunch this past Sunday and I must say, it was very disappointing. Half of the food that we wanted weren't readily available -- they were making it in the back. Some of them came out and some just were never ready. There used to be a lot more carts going around but now it's been reduced to about 3-4 different cards. It also used to be a whole lot more busy here so I assume because of the lack of business, they no longer have that many carts going around. 

The food? Not memorable at all. AT ALL. Some of it was kind of gross .. even for me! The quality sure has changed!  

Overall, I wouldn't suggest this place for dim sum. It's honestly only "okay" because this certainly isn't the worst place.
I was pretty surprised to find a Cantonese-style dim sum "yum cha" restaurant in Las Vegas. For one thing, this place is fairly authentic and not your fancy, over-the-top resort casino dim sum restaurant where you get ripped-off for mediocre food. 

Chang's offer a wide variety of dim sum dishes to choose from. We got the Chinese sliced BBQ prok "cha-shu", shrimp dumplings "ha-gow", shu-mai , Chinese broccoli "gai-lan", salt and pepper squid and prawns. Their BBQ pork steam buns "cha-shu bao" were decent and the fried taro dumplings were excellent. The steamed soy-skin wrapped with bamboo and pork was surprisingly good. 

The service was good and what makes it such a sight for sore eyes is seeing older Chinese people sitting at the table next to us relaxing and reading newspapers while enjoying their dishes. Now that speaks volumes.
Chinese dum sum style restaurant where servers actually wheel around carts of steamed/cooked appetizer sized dishes where you pick out what foods you want on your table. Depending on what you pick, you get stamped for the dish on a price category and in the end, the cashier just adds up the prices of all the stamps on your card. Typically, dim sum is a breakfast/brunch meal.

The place is pretty dark but gets pretty darn busy brunch time area when people are out of church and what not. It's great for families because food choices are flexible and tables are all round seating at least 4+. You really don't have to wait for food that long cos carts are always moving around. BUT, service here is not that prompt and I constantly had to flag down buspeople to refill the tiny water glasses, get chili sauce, or have napkins (to which they only gave me 3). I usually feel bad bugging people, but no one really checked on how we're doing and I know asking the cartspeople won't help much cos they're busy carting food.

Craving dim sum?  Atmosphere is alright. Service is subpar.  But this place has msot of the classic staples of shu mai, pork spare ribs, chicken feet, shrimp dumplings, congee, and more. Expect grease and oils of chinese food and lots of sodium, but it's a guilty pleasure that my family and I can't let go of just yet :)
Terrible service, asked for a refill on my water and never received it. The waitress that I asked actually went to get the water, filled up the guest two tables over to me make eye contact with me then turned around and went to help every other tables. Watched her for a good 15 minutes getting beverages for others. Coincidently they all spoke her language, told the owner but he was more interested in collecting my money and talking to other guest.
This is a nice place to go for dim sum Sunday brunch. It's pretty busy at lunchtime on Sundays but we've always manages to get seated immediately.

Their shumai and bao are delicious. Chicken feet, anyone? Yum! The carts are constantly going around and if a dish you request isn't on a cart, they'll usually inform you how many minutes before it gets back on. The ladies pushing the carts are pretty helpful. Some may speak hardly any English but they will try to explain to you, if you ask, what the dishes are. Keep the paper for food tally easily accessible to servers on your table. The ladies will come and stamp your food order on it and then you'll take it to the window by the entrance when you're done to pay for the meal. 

The food is relatively cheap and most orders are under $5 so I never had to ask how much each dish costs. Make sure to ask for large glasses of water or they will bring you tiny ones. They might come and check if you need a tea refill but if you happen to run out, just signal for more by turning over the tea pot lid or propping it ajar. This works some times.

Their service has been significantly better than other dim sum places I've visited. Service at a Chinese restaurant? That's huge.
Keeps getting worse everytime i come here 
One of the dim sum was like rotten shrimp 
The lady was rude i wont be going back 
Cause like i said it keeps getting worse everytime !
Good dim sum. I only go to dim sum with my friend that speaks Chinese, so she always gets all the right stuff. Good tea, yummy food, attentive service. Get there early because the place gets packed out! Mostly Chinese families (a good sign), but a few American families too. 

May I also add that my daughter says that dim sum is perfect after-oral surgery food. It's all tasty and easy to chew!
Chang's was easily our favorite place to go for dim sum on Saturdays/Sundays when we used to live in Las Vegas. In fact, whenever I asked my wife where she wanted to eat on the weekends for lunch, she would immediately yell out "Chang's!".

It took us a while to find Chang's, and we ended up googling best dim sum place in Las Vegas, and Chang's was the first search result to display. We saw that it was less than 10 minutes away from our house, so we decided to check it out and give it a try. We were definitely not disappointed!

Normally, my biggest gripe about dim sum places is that the venues are normally huge dining hall areas, and the servers cart around the food forever and the food gets cold, and by the time we get it, it is no longer fresh. At Chang's the restaurant is small enough venue, so the food is ALWAYS fresh, especially if you get a table next to where the carts come out from the kitchen. 

I have a few recommendations for the best dim sum dishes. Definitely get the fried pork dumplings (ham shay go). This is my favorite dish there! It's less than $4 per order, which comes with 3 fried pork dumplings. I also really like the Chinese pan friend leek buns (gow choi). This is a less-widely known dish, but is equally amazing. Also less than $4 per order! Other recommendations include: salt and pepper shrimp or calamari, chinese broccoli, pork and shrimp siomai, and har gao (shrimp dumpling). If you stick with these items, you'll be set. I've gone for dinner before, and it isn't the best of Chinese restaurants, so make sure you just go for lunch dim sum, and don't bother with their regular menu items (this is the only reason I rate this place a 4-star versus a 5-star).

We love all of the dim sum items there, and we have dreams about them. No joke. It is one of the places that we always go back to visit when we travel to Las Vegas. Not too far away the strip if you are a tourist. Go where the locals go and don't get dim sum in the casinos. Trust me on this one.
Packed over the weekends!  Just grab a number and be patient to wait at least 20-30 mins for a table for 4-6 peepz, and expect a longer wait time if you have a larger party.  We drove by and saw the crowds outside the restaurant waiting to be seated on a Sunday, so we went somewhere else for dim sum and came back here the next day (Monday) to try the foods.  On the Monday, wait time as expected was zero minute, and we were seated right away! and Yes, we were smart! teeheeee :P

Foods were delicious, in great variety; prices were very reasonable; service was prompt and friendly, yet a little pushy.  This one dim sum lady just kept on stopping by our table to ask whether we might want this and that even though we had said to her, "no, thank you," a couple of times already.  She just wouldn't stop until we actually took something from her cart.  Anyways, that was fine, and the dim sum carts experience was fun.
This probably my favorite dim sum in Vegas. Some stuff at ping pang pong is better but the prices here are better as well as the service. Also no line usually.
First time @ CHANG's. Went here from recommendation. Pork shobao was good. Attentive staff and multilingual (Chinese, English and Tagalog).the congee was bland. The hargao was just ok. I would definitely come back.
Nothing beats eating dim sum the morning after partying all night in Vegas. After being spoiled by eating at so many good dim sum places back home in Monterey park/Rowland area, Chang's felt subpar to me. For all my OC ppl visiting Vegas & thinkin about trying this place, I would say it's comparable to dragon phoenix in Bolsa. You have the ladies rollin the cart around, which I don't really prefer because the temperature of the items were barely warm

Surprisingly though, the servers were on top of it here. I don't really expect much service from a chinese restaurant, but our water cups were never empty and the manager was a really friendly guy. We later found out they speak cantonese here, and once again I was used as the person to order everything for the table because I was the only one that spoke cantonese -__-

The place looked really clean for a chinese restaurant and the prices weren't bad.  They had all the dim sum basics such as shu mai, har gow, chinese broccoli, chicken feet, etc. The dim sum items such as shu mai and har gow were a bit small though. The good thing is I don't think they load up on MSG here and the food wasn't too salty. The congee was a rip off though because there was barely any shredded dry pork in it and the fried donuts weren't like the ones back at home.The fried donuts to dip in the congee were too crispy and there was a lot of oil on the plate.

Not too bad of a place to grab dim sum in Vegas. My friend said it's a lot better than Ping Pong Pang's
I have been coming here since I was 9 years old (just turned 22) and let me tell you, this place is the best dim sum place you can possibly get in Vegas.

Service is excellent. If you know anything about Asian restaurants, service isn't always great but this place-good lord, my water is constantly refilled. Employees are actually smiling. 

Food. One word: heavenly.

Atmosphere is amazing! It reminds me of my childhood, coming here every other week and indulging on artery clogging food.
False advertising when they stated that they have dim sum all day. We went there about 9pm expecting to get our favorite dim sum items. Unfortunately, they have dim sum some time not all the time. They need to add the words "on select items".
The Las Vegas strip is a great place to eat, even if you want Asian food. There are Chinese buffets galore as well as a number of new Korean restaurants (including the nearby Kim Chee Restaurant and at least two others just north of the Stratosphere). But what is really impressive is the string of great oriental food palaces located west of the strip on the street called Spring Mountain, between Sahara and Flamingo.
 
The banquet begins just a few blocks from the casinos. Start with the first large restaurant that you come to driving west, Satay Malaysian Grille. It offers an exotic selection of Southeast Asian and Singapore fare, a mix of Thai and Indian flavors, spicy, sweet and savory good. Try the traditional Satay, the shrimp and papaya salad, and the Laksa, highlighted with peanut sauce, coconut milk, and shellfish. Continuing down the street are a number of Chinese marketplaces peppered with great little eating places. If you seek the familiar there is even a Sam Woo's Barbeque, with its delicious pork, duck and noodle dishes. For fish and crab try Seafood Harbor. For Korean try the Sweet Pig. If Vietnamese Pho noodle soup is your preference there are half a dozen little joints all in the same area.
 
One Chinese treat that I found especially satisfying was the Dim Sum at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine on Decatur, about ten blocks south of Spring Mountain, just north of Tropicana. Chang's is located in a white Chinese style building on the east side of the street. The day that I went there, on a Thursday, the place was packed with locals, mostly Chinese. They had one of the best sticky rice in lotus leaves that I have ever had, and their fun rolls (rice noodle) were delicious too. The prices were right, with most dim sum dishes costing between $1.75 and $2.50, substantially lower than the average place in LA. I did not eat at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine for dinner, but I took a look at the menu and it offered a fine array of traditional Hong Kong/Cantonese style dishes at reasonable prices.
 
So the next time you are in Vegas, don't forget to try the flavors of California's favorite Chinatown in Nevada, Spring Mountain Blvd in Las Vegas, and Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine for Dim Sum, seven days a week located at 4670 S. Decatur Blvd. Las Vegas, NV 89103, phone: (702) 362-3663.
Dim sum is delicious and a steal but the service...well, it leaves a lot to be desired. They are friendly so that makes up for slow service. There is a lot of seating available here and you get served hot food right away which always makes me happy when I'm starving. Har gow is my absolute favorite! On weekends, don't be in a hurry. You will see all the club kids recovering from their hangovers here. Don't come for the service, come for the food.
Since I'm originally from the Bay Area, I can be a bit picky about dim sum but I'm generally happy to very happy whenever I go to Chang's. The service and selection are good and things are usually fresh and tasty. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because I did get vegetables once that were way overcooked. Thinking about it now, I should have returned them and I'm sure they would have gotten me perfectly cooked ones but I had guests and didn't want to make a fuss. My bad. I still go back and have never had any complaints in the three times since.
Great dim sum. I love dim sum and i really liked several things. They have a rice-covered shrimp ball that was delicious. Their rolled bean curd was also very good. We had another shrimp dish that had shrimp sitting on top of a square of tofu. The tofu was very tasty, in addition to the shrimp.  Great, great dim sum. Friendly, fast service.
My dad and I went there afternoon. There are really no much choices in DimSum. Our bill end up $30.00. Some Chinese servers need to call another server because they don't understand english and they speak very little english as well. 

Eek! Me thinks not.
This place is awesome! Love the BBQ pork buns. Spent $12 and left stuffed full of delicious food and dessert. Servers are nice and patient, they don't speak much English. Really authentic, prepare to be immersed. 

I come here from California once a month and this is a necessary stop.

Try the durian Jell-o jigglers for dessert, I triple dog dare you.

Seriously, I command you, order the BBQ pork buns.
This is the best Dim Sum in entire Arizona. The owner was the cookers of Great Wall on 35th Ave, Phoenix. They moved to Chandler and start their own restaurant. 

If you want the best Chinese traditional Dim Sum, you can't miss this one. We used to drive 40mile one-way to have Dim Sum in Phoenix. Thanks to the owner, I only need to drive 8 miles round trip now.
This is the most authentic Chinese food I have found since moving to Arizona... and it's excellent.

Being a "good jew," my first trip to China King was for dim sum last Christmas. I found it through the wife of a friend that just so happened to be Chinese... we also let her order for us.

Although I was not brave enough to try them, I have on good authority that the hen's feet are great. My favorite dish were the dessert rolls with the lotus seed custard-like filling.

As an added bonus, dim sum for five only ran us about $40... less than half of what I've paid for similar meals in metro-Detroit / Windsor.

IMHO, this restaurant is well worth the hike down the 101 from "The Dale."
I'm on this mad hunt to visit every Chinese food restaurant in all of Arizona - without gaining 200 pounds....  So, I went to China King the other night.  What a strange evening!  This is a pretty big restaurant, but it's odd because it looks more like place to have a low budget wedding than to go out for dinner.  The atmosphere doesn't have much personality.  The bright florescent lighting should have been in an office, not a restaurant.

We were seated by the big tanks of live lobsters.  Though I love to eat lobster, this disturbed me.  At one point, one of the waitresses grabbed a lobster from the tank and put it in a small white bucket.  I watched in amazement as the lobster jumped around in the bucket in a mad panic.  Then I thought I was going to throw up.  Here is someone's order, jumping around in a bucket.

Look, I know this stuff goes on.  Animals get killed and served in restaurants every day.  But the part that bothered me was I was SITTING RIGHT NEXT the tanks of lobsters on death row (I am aware this may be a personal distaste).

Anyway, the service was not the greatest.  The waitress was pleasant, just in a hurry and not really attentive.  We didn't get any water (until we asked) or crunchy noodles with dipping sauce.  I ordered the chicken with vegetable combination dinner, which was very good.  My husband ordered the garlic chicken with vegetables, which he liked as well.  The portions are pretty big as we had enough for another meal for two the next day.

So, basically, the food is good and the service is so-so.  If I were to go back, I would get my order to go (and avoid the live lobster show).
Got takeout.  I liked it.  Woman on the phone taking the order was especially friendly and accommodating of my not having a menu and not really having any idea what I wanted to order.  Orange chicken was especially good and nuanced; pork fried rice was flavorful; oyster sauce beef was particularly delectable.  White rice was, well, white rice.
We caught the tail end of the weekend Dim Sum rush around 1pm on Sunday.  American-born teenager hosts gave us our number, explaining we would have to wait 5 minutes for a clean table.  The room was full of Asian American patrons, including my student who recommended this place to me.

Once seated, we immediately got tea and a whole bunch of stuff, since the "cart lady" was right beside us as we sat.  The food was the best Chinese food I've eaten in Arizona (which isn't saying much.)  However, I do agree that the food is in par with my San Franciscan experiences.

Service:  Gruff, sloppy, yet nothing out of the ordinary for an independent, immigrant-run busy business.
Speed:  Random - some dishes were plentiful, but I only saw the don tot egg tarts during the beginning of our feast.
Grease factor:  low!
Price:  Nice!  The three of us gorged on a $30 bill.

Much better grub than C-Fu.  Will eat here again!
if you're clammering for dimsum, then you better run to your car after church and git there before 11 or you'll be working up an appetite while standing in the lobby being nudged aside by our stroller as we waltz on by with full stomachs!  

seriously, kudos to the owners for finally putting some long needed competition against the "other" east valley dimslum joint that best of phoenix mag really needs to get a clue on.  

they say that the best way to judge an ethnic restaurant is by taking a peek through the windows and see if there is a sea of people representing that ethnic group.

Look for the older generation especially, they've been there and done that and are looking to find the level of food that they're used to eating from the old country.  

the service is commensurate to any dimsum restaurant, underpaid cart pushers trying to pay for ASU tuition so that they can find a better paying  job that allows them to eat dimsum v. serve it.  

if it seems like the stuff is getting swiped off the carts by patrons whose tables are closer to the doors of the kitchen, you can always ask the waitresses that seem to be competing in the 100 meter dash to nab you some "from the back" if you know what you want.  

my wife instinctively grabs the guy-geck (chicken feet), the ow-see-pai-gwut (steamed black bean pork ribs), the cheng-fun (for our 1 y/o daughter), the wu-tau-go (pan fried taro root), and the perennial favorites hock-gow (steam shrimp dumplings) and siu-mai (steam ground pork dumplings).

we're amazed that we don't have to use our out of jail free card when we present the $20 tax + tip bill to the cashier.  like the other reviewer said, we used to have to drive 40+ miles round trip and sit next to smokers (phx law used to allow it) to get decent dimsum and now we only have to drive 3 and we are free to give 15% gratuity v. being guilted into it with the glaring 8 1/2 x 11 sheets of bright yellow paper plastered all over the cash register counters :-)  i teach math, not english (obviously)
First of all, I would like to say that I have had some really authentic Dim Sum and I have had some really interesting Dim Sum. Both previous experiences were in places located off the west coast, one in Vancouver, British Columbia and the other in San Diego. That being said, this place was sweet and lived up to the high standards set before. If you go, take your appetite and try as many of those little plates as you can. If you are real lucky, try to get someone to tell you what you are ordering so you can eat again. :) 
It was fairly not busy for a Friday afternoon, but i have hear Saturdays and Sundays this places gets busy. 
Let me know how you like it.
After reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, we decided to give China King (or Blue Sky Seafood - translation of their Chinese name) a try. 

On the plus side, I have to say the servers were very eager - always asking us if there was anything else they could get us (though can't guarantee that they'd be equally attentive on a busy weekend).  While a couple of the dishes were solid (spare ribs, taro puff), the rest (including standards like "har gow") fell short.  Overall the experience was disappointing.

A big dim sum pet peeve of mine is lack of freshness.  Less than 10 seconds after we sat down, a steaming cart was pushed over from it's resting place to our table.  My question is how long has the cart been sitting around?  We'd find out soon enough.

From the steam cart we ordered (all $1.95):
- spare ribs in black bean sauce:  solid
- "har gow" (shrimp dumpling): dumpling skin was too thick, shrimp lacked crunch of freshness
- chive & shrimp dumpling: skin stuck to the paper in the steamer indicating that it had been sitting around for a while
- tripe with ginger and green onion: seasoning was overpowering

From the bake & deep-fry cart we ordered (all $1.95):
- "ham sui gok" (deep-fried glutinous rice balls filled with pork; interestingly, direct translation is salty water pastry) - this was completely soaked with oil
- "wu gok" (deep-fried taro filled with pork) - nice flaky "bird's-nest"exterior and tasty pork filling

It was doubtful whether these were hot as they were just sitting on top of a cart with no heating element.  When we asked, the server offered to fetch us hot versions from the kitchen.  She came back very quickly so my guess is that these were sitting under heat lamps.

When we overheard the server telling the neighboring table that their cheung fun (rice noodle with filling) would take a couple of minutes because the chef was stretching it (like pasta), we decided to order one too:
- rice noodle filled with minced beef (same stuff as the beef ball) with a specially cooked soy sauce $2.95 - cheung fun was silky smooth but a bit on the oily side

In addition, we also ordered poached kai lan (aka Chinese broccoli) $4.50 - generous plate of veg that's been par-boiled, tossed in oil and then drizzled with oyster sauce.  This was again too oily and the thick stems were not peeled as they should've been.

For dessert, we had the steamed egg custard buns.  This was not on any of the carts but they will steam it to order when asked.  Our server warned us that it'd take 15 min.  Sadly, it wasn't worth the wait.  The skin of the buns were cracked - the dough was obviously not kneaded well enough for the gluten to hold it together.  The filling was more coconuty rather than eggy.

If you're not too picky on your dim sum and China King is convenient for you, then we'd say give it a go.

As for us, we'll continue to explore other dim sum options in Phoenix...and for a sure thing, we'd recommend China Chan on the Westside.
I love this place! The best dim sum in Chandler. My service was exceptional, I even went on lunchtime on a Friday with my boyfriend. It was priced fairly good, we both gorged ourselves on less than $30.00. Not too sure about the pink tablecloths or the giant lobster tank, but overall it was delicious :)
the best dim sum in the East Valley. It is much better than C-Fuey.  The only knock I have is the lack of variety sometimes.Get there early or prepare to wait outside.
This is the best Dim sum in town that me and my wife have found so far since coming from the bay area. We have eaten at 3 other places in chandler and they were not very good.  
c - fu gourmet no good. 
the place at dobson and ray was always cold.  
one place in Tempe got sick.
The only thing you need to know about this place is that it's the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.  Do yourself a favor and go try it.
I am a Cantonese who lives in Los Angeles for 10 years and Canton region for 18 years. I am pretty sure i am qualified for rating Cantonese restaurant.

Its dum sum are so so. Phoenix Palace/Jade Palace is way better than China King.

Their regular dishes are actually not bad. Seafood is not bad too but some servers are rude...

Overall speaking, Jade Palace/Phoenix Palace is one star above China King.
I made it to China King at 2:40 pm on a Sunday and I called ahead expressing a desire to have a late Dim Sum lunch. However, once we arrived they only had a five items to try. I was bummed, but I will make sure I go early next time so I can here what everyone raves about. My average Singapore vermicelli was a poor substitute, but I will arrive earlier next week so I don't interrupt staff meal. That seemed to be the focus when we there, as service was neglectful and quite indifferent.

Also, I found a hair in my food, but why complain when they really don't care if you're there or not.
I loved the food here.  The duck was a little sweeter than I liked but the seafood was to die for.  I had a lobster/shrimp/seafood dish that was absolutely great.  I am holding back the last star only because it was a little bit greasier than I like, but then again, most chinese food is.
I'm a mainstream dum sum eater, so I'm not going to pretend I know anything about tripe, chicken feet, or any other hardcore dim sum dishes. Hell, I've lived in Phoenix my entire life, so I may not know anything about dim sum in general.

BUT, I do know that there are five key dishes that make dim sum good for me: shumai, shrimp dumplings, meat and rice in banana leaves, shrimp or beef in rice sheets with that yummy sauce, and bbq pork buns. See, I don't even know the names.

All of the above were excellent and China King is not so big that it takes a half hour for the shumai to make its way around only to find out the cart is empty. I really hate that. 

Boyfriend and I stuffed ourselves for $28. 

They were a buffet last time I was here a few years ago, but we were pleasantly surprised to see they went into the dim sum-and-swimming-fishes business. Tastes way better, in my opinion.
Dien Xing or Dim Sum or Little bit of Heart.  Whatever its called, this is a weekend morning ritual that I loves when we were growing up.  Of course it meant getting up at 6 am and out the door and in the car for a 2hour ride to Los Angeles to get into the LA Chinatown and then sitting through my parent's selection of dishes that we kids never really dug, only wanting the bao tze or shrimp har gow, shui mai or the sweet sesame balls.  Now that I'm an adult and moved far away from Los Angeles, I've come to appreciate the dim sum weekends and the strange foods my parents always selected. 
The place in Arizona that is a very good place for dim sum is China King.  Saturdays and Sundays starting at 10 and going to about 2 you will probably need to wait a bit before getting a table because a lot of other families had the same idea as you.  But it definitely is worth the wait.  Some great dishes to get are any and all their shrimp dim sum dishes, they sometimes will do other tsong fun type wraps.  Excellent jiao yen you   
yu or fried calimari.  Dan Ta or custards are excellent.  The sesame balls are freshly made and crispy and qq at the same time.  Gan Lan tsai or chinese broccoli is well done and perfectly served.  
One of the best dishes is their chicken feet or Phoenix claws.  Their version is one of the best I've ever tasted.  Tripe, ribs, and other dishes are also served.  Desserts are available too.  These are the mango puddings, almond jelly, rice sponge, sesame balls and others.  
Go with a bunch of friends or bring lots of family because if you go with just yourself and someone else then you really won't be able to sample all the dim sum dishes this place has to offer.  
The other plus is if your in the southeast valley this is definitely closer than Golden Buddha at the Chinese Cultural Center.
While I'm not (yet) an experienced connoisseur of dim sum (I'm working on it!), China King consistently has the best dim sum out of anywhere I've been (about five different places, both here and Seattle).  

As others have said, it's usually crowded on the weekends - we find that going on Saturday morning (about 11am) is pretty decent.  Not more than a ten minute wait, and there is a good selection of food circulating.  The sticky rice in lotus leaf, the beef in rice sheets, the shu mai, both the steamed and baked bbq pork buns, the Chinese broccoli, the custard buns... everything has been utterly fantastic, each time I've gone (I'd say we've probably been there 5-10 times).  Value for the price can't be beat.  

Eventually, we'll try them for something other than dim sum (take out ftw!  Just wish they delivered...), but this place ranks up there as one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to.  And having tried Asian food in nearly every town I've visited... it's not a small list. ;)
Awesome, authentic, trust-worthy Chinese food. Did I mention this place is affordable? With an average price per person being $13, you really get more than you pay for. Bottom line, if you want great chinese food, come here.

**Update: With new management, if you arrive before 7pm, they offer 20% off your ticket. Also, Tuesday is "buy one get one" day...
Love their dim sum, probably one of the best in AZ. We often come here once or twice a month @ weekend with my Asian crew, and a couple of risk-taking white tokens (^_^) The dim sum always meets our expectation.  The only downer is the wait can get up to 30-45 minutes on Sundays, even though the food is usually fresher and you'll have more options.

If you've never had dim sum, my advice is to try EVERYTHING and do NOT (repeat, do NOT) ask what those are! They're yummy, I promise! ;)
Dim Sum is one of my FAVOURITE ....I am extremely particular about the authentic taste. China King will not disappoint you. You should try their chicken feet - it melts in your mouth! :) Plus many other goodies...
I have to preface this review by saying that I haven't yet had dim sum anywhere else in Phoenix. Before moving here from CA in April, my husband and I had dim sum all the time--almost every weekend, in fact. For a few months, we lived within walking distance of Oakland's Chinatown and would frequent all the dim sum hot spots there on weekend mornings. 

For some reason, I had an overwhelming craving for the stuff this past weekend and since we were already heading to the Chandler mall, I figured it would be a good time to go in. We arrived around 11:15 or so and got a table within 10 minutes. We were greeted very promptly by someone who took our drink order and immediately were serviced by carts. If this speed of service doesn't seem like a big deal, it is. We've been to dim sum places where it's: 1) virtually impossible to get drinks or anything off menu; and 2) unheard of to get a chance to choose dim sum until 5 minutes or so after sitting down. 

We ended up trying five things:

1. Glazed pork buns--flavorful pork but not as savory as the filling in the best ones I've had
2. Crab balls--not nearly enough crab in the filling
3. Pickled jellyfish--a bit fishy and not as tangy/vinegary as the same dish at Lao Ching Hing
4. Rice noodles with onion and scallion--these were quite good but a little greasy
5. Shrimp on top of eggplant--this was by far the best dish and came with crispy scallions and peppers (which added a ton of zest and flavor)
6. Sausage buns--the buns were the perfect texture, but the sausage was kind of dry and tasted a bit off

Overall, I thought the variety of dim sum and service speed/quality were top-notch. Some of the individual items were less than stellar, though, and I have a feeling that we can find better dim sum elsewhere in the Valley. That being said, though, we came from dim sum heaven and all my reviews will naturally be a bit inflated based on the lack of availability of dim sum in this area.
The owner of China King had never heard of Yelp...until Jim W rolled up on China King!

The owner of China King, Michael, is very friendly and chatty.  Be Prepared to chat for a few minutes if you strike up a conversation.

The service here was terrific.  We had several people fussing over us but the primary server, Maggie was a gem.  

My wife and the kids opted for the Americanized menu and went with specials like sweet and sour chicken, shrimp in white sauce and garlic beef.  Each came came with soup, egg roll and rice.  I sampled the garlic beef which they prepared with a kung pao brown sauce (a decision Maggie and my wife arrived at after several minutes of discussion) it had a nice robust flavor and the veggies were fresh and flavorful.  I  also sampled the shrimp which were succulent and the white sauce had a little more distinctiveness to it than the same sauce at many Chinese restaurants.

I ordered from the traditional menu but went not too adventurous with sizzling plate with scallops and shrimp in black pepper sauce.  Very enjoyable.  Again, succulent shrimp.  The scallops were tasty as well.  Realizing that I moved here from Boston and I go into any seafood experience with diminished expectations now that I live in the west, I have to say the scallops are among the fresher and judiciously prepared that I have had in Phoenix.

Overall China King delivered a very tasty and very fresh meal.  They have a fairly extensive traditional menu which I look forward to exploring further.

Thanks to Christine O for her review...after reading that I knew China King was A-OK.
I see that people have spoken at length about this place. Here are a few pointers that I thought will be useful in addition to what has already been said... 

I'm a bit surprised that no one has talked about the rice noodle rolls yet. I would highly recommend this Cantonese stuff (filled with beef/ pork/ shrimp). As opposed to the steel bowls that they use in serving the other steamed items, they serve the rolls in an oval plate and they pour sweet soy sauce on it right before serving. 

Be sure to order some green tea with your food because the hot liquid cleanses your palate and is sure to make the glutinous food more enjoyable. 

With respect to the desserts it is foolish to order western pastries here. I observed that the Chinese were ordering sweet tofu and mango tofu. We tried the latter and found the taste and consistency to be similar to custard. 

You might encounter a couple of waitresses with heavy Chinese accents but do not hesitate to ask someone else for help. There are plenty of people to explain the grub to you. 

Visiting the place on Sat/ Sun is especially important because on busy days the restaurant is bursting at the seams and the kitchen is turning a great deal of fresh food all the time. Between 11.30 am and 12.30 pm the wait could be 20-30 mins but there is no waiting for the food after you get a table. 

Caveat: please do not turn up in the evening be it any day of the week.... the dim-sum is served only between 11am and 3pm. Of course one can order the other stuff off the menu in the evenings.
DIM SUM!  I was worried when I saw how small the dining area was, but it worked out perfectly since I was starving by the time we arrived.  Immediately we were asked what we wanted to drink (tea is .80 ea), and then all the carts came by.  Each cart had several different dishes on them which helped get us going real fast.  The owner (?) was super friendly and brought us all the sauces we wanted that wasn't on the table.  The servers weren't too pushy or sensitive about it if we refused their dishes which is a plus.  I will definitely go back again, although my coworker wants me to try a different place down the street.  We'll see, so far this is my favorite for dim sum!
We hit this place at least twice a month for the Dim Sum.  Lots of carts of with delicious choices, the service is excellent, and I always leave very happy.  Make sure to save room for the dishes that are brought around off of the carts.  And definitely ask if there is something that you want that they haven't brought by on the carts.  I highly recommend this place as the best Dim Sum in Phoenix (and we've tried most of them). And we're not Asian but are treated very well and the staff really goes out of their way to help us.  The best dishes that we've discovered are when we get brave and just try new things.
Can't believe there are many reviews after my first one years ago. To be honest, I don't go there any more for few reasons. 

1. The owner has changed
2. The foods quality has changed
3. Service is NOT as good as it used to be. 
4. The original chief seem to be long gone. 
5. Found a better places to have the best DIM SUM in Chandler AZ

Once very satisfied customer is no longer their customer. If you want real good Chinese foods and restaurant services, go somewhere else. I guess I will never know how good their foods now. Don't even want to try.
Best Chinese food and dim sum on the Eastside. Dim sum is fresh and has good choices. They have live fish and sometimes live shrimp and other types of fresh seasonal Chinese vegetables (eg: snow pea leaves). It seems their management has changes a few times, so the service levels and servers change from time to time.
Decided to try China King based on Yelp reviews and was extremely disappointed.

The food was very ho-hum and the restaurant had a terrible fishy odor.  Not impressed at all.
Maybe it is because I am new to Dim Sum and I have only tried 2 different places...but everytime I go to China King i leave very satisfied and looking forward to go back again. 
I go with my friends who usually do the ordering and we don't get the scary stuff...ya know the chicken feet and such...although one time I did have to watch them eat shrimp heads, and I would be happy to never see that again...but really the food is good. 
I love shrimp, which helps because most everything has shrimp! 

This is a fun, filling experience for friends and or families. Go hungry!
Whole live crab for only $11, good deal!
I don't have much experience in the Dim Sum area, and I have to admit, it was a little scary. I wasn't sure what I was eating, and when asking the cart lady, she would answer in short phrases, hamburger (beef) or maybe pork. But, uh what kind of pork, which part? Eyeballs?! Butt?! Braaains?! So although the servers are very attentive, constantly coming by to add more food to your table, they are not the best communicators. With that said, not knowing was part of the fun. 

Almost everything I tried was tasty. There were one or two things that freaked me out, I think it was the textures, idk, like shrimp patte or something. I would tell you what it was, if I knew. 

Basically if you've never done dim sum and are feeling adventurous, I'd recommend it, you probably won't die. Like I said I've never had it before, so I can't compare it to other places, but the restaurant was busy, so maybe that's a good sign? It was just me and my husband, but I think it would be a fun thing to do with a group. Oh yeah, and it can be inexpensive unless you go crazy, each little plate is $2-3. 

Good luck!
Dim sum is a dish best served warm.  The lack of hot food is what kept this place from getting four stars from me.  China King has some great stuff.  I heartily recommend coming and getting the ta sa bao (BBQ pork buns), and the bo luo bao (pineapple bun with delicious filling).

I have to give a lukewarm review to the similarly temperatured food from the hot carts.  While a handful were good, most were room temperature.  Also, rather than getting new stuff from the kitchen, they kept circulating it over and over.  Sigh.  I know if it had been warm, the food would have been quite good.  Unfortunately, it did not make the grade.

Putting the killer baked goods and the lukewarm hot food together leaves me with a confused, wishing-it-were-better 3 stars.
Very good Dim Sum! 

My girlfriend is visiting me from the Bay Area, and we were craving some authentic Dim Sum. Even though we are living in Scottsdale, we were recomended to head down to Chandler for Dim Sum and we were not disappointed! 

The service was fast, all the servers were Chinese (goes without saying in general but after visiting a few Scottsdale 'Chinese' restaurants, it's no longer a given!). They had a great selection, including one of our more obscure favorites "sin jook goon', and something my girlfriend hardly sees anywhere - pork intestine deep fried . My girlfriend even preferred their sticky rice (in lotus leaf) to the one we get in our regular place in CA. 

Overall, a very good experience, and not that bad a drive to get here.
There aren't many authentic Chinese places to choose from in Phoenix and its surrounding areas, but considering this place has both traditional and westernized dishes as well as great dim sum you may not need to go any where else.

I've been here several times; all for a Saturday dim sum with my large family (so we get to try a lot of dishes) and they churn out the food fresh and quick.  The waitresses push the rolling carts of tempting delights stored in steaming bamboo trays stacked several high.  The standard dim sum dishes are all very good and not too greasy (although some are).  And my grandmother tells me the chicken feet are very tender and succulent (I'll trust my grandmothers' word).

If your exposure to Chinese food is only PF Chang or Panda Express, be daring and try some traditional Chinese dim sum one Saturday morning and learn what you might have been missing out.  My relatives will be here this weekend to celebrate the Chinese New Year!
Despite the cheesy strip mall exterior, the restaurant serves authentic (mmm chicken feet...) and delicious food inside.  I've visited 3 times and have ordered duck, sesame balls, fried shrimp on sugar cane sticks (phenomenal!), BBQ pork buns, shrimp dumplings, and mango pudding.  Very reasonably priced! Lots of variety. All delicious. 

Drawbacks: If you're sitting way in the corner, away from the kitchen, some of the food might not be as hot and fresh.  But I've never had a downright cold item. Also, this is an authentic place and you may have language difficulties!  But that's also part of the fun with real dim sum isn't it? Just point to what looks good and be adventurous.
The Dim sum food is OKAY BUT the service is NOT GOOD!!! 
The staff is very rude and unattending - and the service for dim sum is not worth the money ...we had to ask for water and forks over 5 times and still had to finally end up walking to the  kitchen area to get it and bring back to our own table ( except we don't work there!!!) .

I have been there recently and was very disapointed! Especially since there was a "Yelp Me" sticker on the door!  So my family ordered the 1st round of food - and then the cart never came back to us again! We asked repeatedly for more but the staff ignored the request: so point is we wanted to pay more to eat but they were too lazy to work!!! We all left hungry...even other customers walked out mad.....
for over $60 dollards - I could've spent my money at an actual restaurant on a better meal that leaves a better taste in my mouth!!!
Damn good Dim Sum.  

Reason enough to give strip mall chinese restaurants an honest shake.
Finally another Chinese restaurant in the valley worth patronizing.
I didn't have dim sum here, just dinner.

The service was really friendly, throwing in a free dish for us.  They recommended all the dishes for us and by-in-large, they were great and better than what we would have ordered.

Snow peas in garlic was great
Sizzling peppered beef was spectacular
Steamed dumplings were great
The rock cod in black bean sauce was very good

The egg rolls were okay
The spicy salt pork chops were alright

Didn't like the seafood & tofu in a clay pot

A bit too much MSG, but it's one of the best Chinese places in the valley.
Mm m m....I love Dim Sum!  My family loves going to China King.  I think it's the closet thing to good Dim Sum in the Southeast valley.  China King is not your typical Dim Sum restaurant; it's pretty small place.  Their service is okay, but is such a thing as good Dim Sum service...Ha!  If there is, then you're not a Dim Sum restaurant :)  The Decor here is mediocre, it's plain jane with no pop, but I don't think they really care.  I would still recommend this place if you don't want to travel to the city to Great Wall.  Enjoy!
Again, it's a bit unfair of me to rate this restaurant because I'm from San Jose/Cupertino but I'm gonna do it anyway.

So, being from San Jose/Cupertino, I've had me some good Chinese food and even better dim sum. So when the Boyfriend brought me here, I was expecting something decent, but not anything too authentic.

This place was fairly decent and authentic! It has the Asian ladies and their dim sum carts. It has the OG dim sum dishes. It even has the authentic less than mediocre Asian service. 

The only disappointment is that this place is a bit dirty and ragged-y looking. And the vegetable dishes are minimal. In fact, I had to order a veg dish off the menu because they didn't have any dim sum veg dishes and it cost $13! Bleh.
This place has become really BAD since the owners changed recently. The dim sum beef which used to be great has become rubbery and the pork has lost all its flavor. We used to enjoy this place before, but now on a recent weekend visit we saw only about a quarter of the tables occupied. After the dim sum lunch, we figured out why. The dirty place and rude waitresses were tolerable because of the good food... not anymore when cold tough meat is served.
The food at CK is definitely above average. We ordered the chk fried rice, with salty fish and Kung pap beef and lo mein. Service is courteouos although you may need a mandarin speaker for some of the wait staff. Ambience is typical of a mid range Chinese restaurant. No dim sum for dinner.
Looking for a real Chinese restaurant with pink table clothes, fish tanks, and the works? Look no more. China King is it.

I haven't tried their dim sum yet, but looking at some previous Yelper pics, looks like I'm gonna have to. I'm drooling off my keyboard.

We came here for dining and to-go orders, and both times have been pretty smooth service and damn good food. I mean, this place has the most authentic Chinese food in Arizona.. and I'm picky about my Chinese food. The food is always fresh and they use good ingredients and seasonings. They don't have Americanized 'Orange Chicken' or 'Deep Fried Dumplings' like some places, so don't bother asking.

Pretty large menu with all kinds of meats, noodles, soups, vegetables. You will find everything from common Pork Fried Rice to uncommon things like Cold Cut Chicken with the chicken head included in the dish.

Service is not the friendliest, but I think I've come to terms with expecting good service at Chinese restaurants (?).. probably because it's that difficult to find. Meh. I wish it was closer to my house, but def the best Chinese restaurant here.
We went here after seeing the line out the door at 1:00 PM on Sunday at Phoenix Palace.  We were quickly seated, but the dim sum carts were a little slow coming to our table.  Dim sum here itself is fresh and tasty, and cheap to boot.  Our total for 4 people including a special item (Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce) was $27.  Most of our items (har gow, siu mai, sticky rice in lotus leaf, turnip cake) were a little over $2 per order, a really good deal for dim sum.  Why the 3 stars then?  Well, inside it was warm.  Not sweating your face off warm, but just warm enough to feel uncomfortable inside, which doesn't really inspire you to eat a lot of hot dim sum and hot tea.  Also, the table was raised up high at a level that made me feel like I was a child sitting at the adult's table, which makes for an uncomfortable experience when you are trying to reach for things.
This is my favorite place to get dim sum in phx. It is really affordable and the food is always consistent. I've only been here for dim sum so I don't know how the rest of the menu matches up.

Four of us stopped in this morning and ate til we were stuffed and even had leftovers to take home for only $45 total. My favorite things here are the steamed bean curd rolls and the bbq pork rice noodles. Yum!

I especially like coming here on a holiday weekend. They have a larger variety of dim sum offerings. There are random servers coming out of the kitchen with trays filled with plates of different things seperate from the carts. Things such as calamari, salt & pepper shrimp, stuffed eggplant, jellyfish and more...
I wish I knew a little more about dim sum and the names and ingredients of the entrees that fill the carts.  I feel ridiculous for pointing and asking, "What's that?" only to be responded to in limited english.

The up side is that I end up trying new things and just taking what looks good.  Luckily for me almost everything I picked was really tasty.

I have been out for dim sum before but I don't remember the names of things.

My fam and I came in for dim sum after catching an early movie on Sunday morning.  We were seated quickly which was surprising considering the place was packed AND we were a party of six.  

These things were great: shrimp dumplings, garlic shrimp dumplings, bean curd wraps, steamed pork buns (X100), shrimp balls and shrimp egg rolls.  Apparently we chose a lot of shrimp.

I was hoping they'd bring around the bbq pork chow mein noodles but they never did.  I did see people with them at their tables so I know they must have been on a cart somewhere.

The negatives included: Our table had no chili oil, since we were seated at the back it was hard for the carts to get to us, a tad crowded, not enough rotation of carts coming around.

All that aside, this is the third or fourth time I've been here and I probably will be back.  I left very full and satisfied.
The next stop on my quest to try the Hot on Yelp top 5 landed me at China King.  

I'm a big fan of dim-sum so to get 5 stars out of me you really have to knock me off my feet.  China King didnt quite do that but it was very very good.  Fellow yelper Robert J and I went right as they opened so we did have to wait a minute for them to get all the different dim-sum dishes.  Worth the wait.  Service is very typical for a chinese/dim-sum spot, so you have to find the really good english speaking servers to get what you want without any confusion.  

Oh and if you're unable to work chopsticks, be aware asking for a fork...i got the stink face for some reason when i asked for one. i know how to use them i just got a little lazy as i got more and more into my food coma...

Will definitely visit this place again...
I wavered between "A-Ok" and "Yay! I'm a fan."   So, in reality, I would give this place 3 1/2 stars.  Something like, "It's good."  But, compared to other dim sum places I have tried in PHX, I would say I am a fan; four stars.  Definitely better in quality than the Golden Buddha, which recently visited after visiting China King.   I believe the Golden Buddha has slipped in their quality control since the days I used to frequent it.   So, unfortunately , I would no longer recommend it.
This review is based on the lunch specials rather than the Dim Sum selection. I am making this qualification because it seems that the great reviews written so far here are based on the Dim Sum menu. Just basing off what I had, I did not find anything special about my lunch plate. It was good, but nothing distinguished it from similar dishes served at other Chinese restaurants. It was a pretty standard and generic tasting meal. 

I would note though, that I did not even know this was a Dim Sum restaurant until I looked here in Yelp. I certainly did not get offered anything off a Dim Sum cart the whole time I was in there. Perhaps the menu is different during lunch? I don't know for sure. Oh well, I would probably never return to find out anyway.
I will preface this by saying I did not go for Dim Sum, I went for dinner.
Saturday night and I didn't feel much like cooking so I checked Yelp and found China King.  When I pulled in the parking lot there were almost no cars....hmm....at 6pm on a Saturday evening?  Well, ok, it is, after all more known for it's Dim Sum so we walked in and were warmly greeted and seated and drink orders taken.  There were two other tables occupied but after a few minutes some larger parties came in.  I went over the menu and found lunch specials and dinner specials, some appitizers and some pictures of dim sum.  Nothing more.  Where were the lists of noodles, rice, and chicken, beef, pork and seafood dishes??  Did they give me the american version of the menu?  No worries, I ordered the shrimp with snow peas that came with won ton soup, egg roll, crab rangoon, and rice.  My daughter had her fried shrimp appetizer that she loves and rice.  She got eight shrimp and said the rice was yummy too.  She was happy.  My dish was very good.  Won Ton soup was tasty, egg roll was not greasy, and the shrimp with snow peas had tons of shrimp and snow peas that were cooked perfectly.  

Service was great.  We were checked on to make sure drinks were filled and that we didn't need anything else once the food arrived. And everyone was friendly and smiling.  

I don't know if this is a common practice but I noticed the other families that were there let their children run around the restaurant.  It was not crowded and they kept to the back so they were not bothering us but I don't let my child do that.  She even asked me why they were not sitting at the table.  I'm the first one to know how challenging it is to teach your child to sit at the table but you have to teach them, not let them run around.  I think it's rude to the other diners but that's just me.

One thing I noticed.....there was a large party in the corner that ordered off a different menu.  They were eating family style.  Another couple came in shortly after we did and seemed to be regulars and they got a different menu.  Did I just look like the white person that didn't know anything about Chinese food?  Next time I will ask for the "other" menu....the one with all the good stuff one it.
LOVE THIS PLACE! 
Dim Sum is the way to go here. The food is so fresh. They actually have live fish tanks in the back with daily specials. 
Back to the Dim Sum. All of the shu mai and dumplings are fabulous. My two favorites were the Spare Ribs in Black Bean sauce and the Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf. OMG! (yes I just typed that). 
The Pork Spare Ribs look a little different than most pork cuts Americans are used to but the flavor is ridiculous! 
The sticky rice is filled with very flavorful pork and shrimp. 
Almost all of their Dim Sum is $2.18! 

This place is clean and the staff is very friendly. 

A must try!
This place has been on a whirlwind of owners over the years.. if I'm counting right, 3 owners in the past 6 years... the worst was the pompous gui-lo who "renamed" those on his staff w/ limited English such as Obi-wan and Annie Woo or something silly.  Luckily he sold out, and the latest owners (of 2-3 years now I'm guessing) have been able to reign business back in.

We come occasionally for dim sum (as sort of an overflow if another place is completely full), and if you're craving seafood such as clams in black bean sauce, you can get it fairly inexpensive here.  I've eaten here several times over the years for dim sum and dinner, including a multi course Chinese New Year meal last year... it's decent for authentic Chinese (total bonus, menu is in English too) and atmosphere is certainly pleasant for all sorts of folks or blends (new and familiar).
I had heard and read so many good reviews about the dim sum here that I decided to set up a little UYE and get some Yelpers together to try this place with me. They accepted my reservation for 10 and I was glad we came early on Sunday (11am) because this place filled up quick. 

The steam cart was positioned to serve us quickly as were other staff with plates of fried shrimp, baked buns and other delicacies. Our group was adventurous and we had dim sum experts and novices, we tried what seemed to be a little of everything. While I do not know the Chinese names for many of the dishes we tried, I can say we tried everything from Sticky Rice seasoned with pork and shrimp wrapped in Louts leaves, to a flavorful tripe dish and my dim sum favorite chicken feet. We also had tons of dumplings, and meat and veggies wrapped in rice noodles and bean curd. I left stuffed! 
The tea was the highlight of the meal, having both hot jasmine and the mixed black and chrysanthemum tea, it is what truly tied all these flavorful dishes together.  

With all that food we averaged about $10 per person including tip. 

While I will give the food 3-3.5 stars I have to say that my experience here with my Fellow Yelpers was 5 stars!
Visited here for the first time during a weekday lunch in Dec 2010.  The place was crowded with Asians, which was a good sign.  They offer a standard Chinese lunch menu or dim sum.  I had the dim sum, which was okay, not great, and reasonably priced.  Servers were somewhat friendly but understaffed and therefore not able to handle the lunch crowd.  The restaurant's interior appearance is not so good and the exterior is standard Chandler strip mall.    My overall impression of the place is it's okay but nothing special.
Was here this past Sunday at a UYE with about 10 of us sharing a table.  One of the first things I noticed was the bright orange/gold chair covers with white tablecloths on the tables.  There were a LOT of tables and quite a few of the women walking around with huge carts of all kinds of Dim Sum.

I'm sure glad I was there with people who knew what they were ordering; this was my first time doing Dim Sum and I had no clue at all what was going on.  I'm really not that much of an adventurous eater, I passed on the tripe and the chicken feet.  I did like everything I ate especially the sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves, the pork buns, and the custard.  

What a value this was too.  I thought we had a huge amount of food and for the price of only $10 a person including tip, I thought more than reasonable.  I was prepared to pay twice that amount.  Maybe I shouldn't give them any ideas. hah!  Regardless, it was a great experience and a whole lot of fun.  Can't wait for the next UYE Dim Sum :)
Ok, the restaurant itself is a 3.5 but the Yelp group I was with brought it up a notch.  I was here for a UYE organized by Dolores G with a full table of 10 great people.  This was the first Dim Sum where I went away full.  Not sure if it was because I am getting more accustomed to the dishes served or the choices made by the folks I was with.  Being a slow eater I have trouble keeping up with the fast pace of Dim Sum.  I did not try a single item I really did not like, though a couple were a bit sweet for my normal taste.  It may well take another ten trips or so before I become actively involved in the food selection.  I finally bowed to pressure and tried the chicken feet, it really was like a tiny piece of fried chicken with little bones that the meat had to be sucked off of.  

The service was pretty good although we had some communication problems.  I did not see the one iced tea ever get refilled.  And the carts were moving so fast it took a couple of tries to get more napkins.  The restaurant was clean and tidy except for the hallway to the restrooms which were clean.  The owner stopped by to see how we were doing.

And I now have a blind mouse on my headboard that has to rely on the eyes of the other animals there to "see" what is happening in the bed. :-)
One of the best places for DIM SUM and REAL chinese dinner.

The place is not that nice but heyyy best chinese places arent that nice.. its not about the look but about the food!
If you sample the dim sum with an experienced taster, china king with treat you well. Clams, bean curd roll, por stickers, ribs, battered fish ( the entire fish), and coconut rolls warm out of the oven. Try them all but don't fill up on any so you have room for a taste if them all.
I came here for dim sum with my family on a Friday afternoon after a hugely disappointing experience at China Chan the day before. We were so glad that China King satisfied our craving for dim sum on our vacation and was reasonably priced.

Perhaps because it wasn't the weekend, but they didn't push around the dim sum carts instead leaving them on the side of the kitchen. I would recommend picking up one of the dim sum menus from the front desk to peruse the selection because they don't provide a menu on the table. But basically they have all the regulars and they are solid choices. They gave us a complimentary plate of Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce as soon as you sit down. They were very tender and we cleaned the entire plate. 

Being an ABC California girl, I judge the quality of dim sum on 2 items: the steamed shrimp dumpling (har gow) and the custard tart (don tot). At China King both items were tasty and satisfactory but not exceptional. However, when you live in a town where there isn't any dim sum (like ABQ) then you will take what you can get when you are traveling. Additionally, we had the following items which I would also categorize as acceptable/satisfactory but not exceptional: steamed shrimp & beef noodle rolls, spareribs, tripe, sparerib congee, baked custard buns (I prefer the steamed ones), and chicken feet. We ordered the taro puffs and fried long donuts wrapped in rice paper from the kitchen but they took too long to make them and we were full at that point so we canceled our order for those.

I have no hesitation recommending China King for dim sum to my fellow Yelpers. On that particular Friday afternoon, probably 80% of the diners were Chinese/Asian which is always a good sign.
This has become a staple ever since we temporarily relocated here. I highly recommend the quality. However the variety does get a little boring. Also the decor is not pleasing. But if you want cheap dim sum and good quality this is for you
China King is another one of the Phoenix area treasures that makes me not miss the SF Bay Area so much.  I went for Dolores G's UYE back in Dec and was rewarded with good company and tasty dim sum.  I arrived a lil late so I didn't try all of the dishes but, I made sure to get my favorites.  They were mostly above average and definitely good for what I expected in this area.  There were lots of Asians/Asian-Americans dining at China King when we were there too.  Weird but, that always makes me feel better about an Asian restaurant.  Plus, I like the scenery.  hehe

The bill for our large group was only $10 per person.  I'm planning to go back again soon with my roomie. He needs to be introduced to dim sum!

See ya there!
The best Chinese restaurant in the east valley in all categories from Dium Sum to banquet style dinning. Their steamed fresh fish with ginger scallion is my favorite. I have been coming to this restaurant for 5 years and never had a bad meal. recently, they even invented some new dishes for the weekend luncheon carts.Tthe stir fired radish cake with bean spout is delicious!
Yes Yes Yes

China King is just another reminder, that the drought left by the absence of China Doll on 7th avenue, is long over.

China King is a medium size restaurant found in Chandler(shocker) and serves both a full menu and dim sum on the weekends.  The dim sum, while light on the variety in my opinion, is always spot on, meticulously made and phenomenal tasting.  You can always count on China King to bring the best quality dim sum each and every service.

The regular dinner menu consists of time honored traditions that the Chinese community in Chandler has embraced with open arms.  My favorite selections from the menu are the hot pots and unique vegetable dishes.  The tofu and seafood hot pot selection quite simply cant be beat.  The braised bok choy is always tender and explosively flavorful.  

Never had a bad meal here and do not see it happening in the near future. 

Four stars China King!
China King, you are my new man. To those fools who have given them anything but 5 stars, I say you must have ordered off of the gringo menu. 

I lived in Chandler, where Olive Garden, Outback and Chili's are considered "good eatin". Sacrilegious is what I call it. My dining mate was wary of Chinese, the way most people are, because you are never really sure of what you're getting. I am so happy I tried this place. I went back three times in one week for more. I LOVE IT!!

The first time I went in for dinner, I was taken aback by all the Chinese people eating there. Think back to every Chinese place you've been. Have you ever seen any kind of Asian person in there (other than the ones working)? Chances are, the answer is no. This place was PACKED. We were handed menus with about 8 items on it. It's your typical General Tso's Chicken, Sesame Chicken, etc...I looked around at what everyone else was eating and it did not look like "typical" Chinese food. So I said to the waiter- "what are they eating?" He said something back that I didn't understand, then he disappeared. My mate looked nervous and asked what I just got us into. Who cares! It can't be that bad!!

When the waiter returned, he had a menu that was about 5 pages long with pictures of delicious looking treats. We told the waiter that we liked duck, fish, noodles (and a bunch of other random things) and to just bring whatever was best. We got a half duck as an appetizer that was melt-in-your-mouth good. Crispy skin and tender meat, exactly how it should be. For entree, we got a whole fish and some crispy noodles. We even got some Chinese beer. Dessert was sketchy, but then again, it was free so who can complain?? 

The other times I went, I had the BBQ pork, the sizzling chicken plate, and some other delicious items I can't recall or pronounce. I also went back for lunch and had the Dim Sum. I almost think I should write a separate review for the lunch because it was that good. I mean, really people just coming around with the BEST food ever asking if I want to try it. You're damn right I do. And don't stray too far, because I'll want seconds.

All in all, the most amazing Chinese food in a casual setting with very reasonable prices. The staff is super friendly and efficient. Also, there was some Chinese type "Idol" on TV and I felt very authentic being there, like I would step outside and be on a busy street with open air markets and people serving fried grasshopper. Instead, I walked outside and saw the glaring neon lights of the adjacent Boston Market. Oh Chandler. Does Boston Market even know that it is in the presence of greatness? Bow to the King.

On a last note...what is up with these people who write glowing reviews and only give 4 stars?? What do you want them to do, wipe your ass, too? Give China King the comeuppance it deserves!!!!
I will say I have been to about....15 different Chinese Food Establishments in the East Valley.

That said: I always return to China King.

If you LOVE Pei Wei....stop reading...no you can continue, but know that China King doesn't have "Fried Green Beens" or "Lettuce Wraps" 

Likes:
1. The Quality of the food is amazing
2. It's not "typical" Americanized food.
3. The owner and staff are amazingly kind and brilliantly service oriented. - By this I mean, you order, you eat, and when you want something you make eye contact and they rush over. Let me state: I REALLY dislike when servers come to your table 28 times to ask how everything is. I DO like when your water is empty, and someone comes to fill it silently. China King staff are AWESOME for this alone...but I digress...

Things to try:
1. The red menu - This is the "Non-American" Menu. If you get the laminated menu, ask for the red menu.
2. Shrimp with Glazed Walnuts
3. Fresh Seafood - We're talking -they take it from the tank and cook it to your liking- fresh.
4. Beef with Black Pepper Sizzling Plate. --- It's like Chili's Fajitas fun! Sizzling goodness...mmm...
5. Using Chopsticks! - If they see you struggling, they come over and offer a fork : )

I still haven't been for Dim Sum though. This review is solely based on Dinner/Lunch alone. Frankly, I don't wake up early enough - But I WILL be there for Dim Sum soon.

Mmm...China King...
-Fantastic fresh Dim Sum! (even during weekday lunch)

-Decent prices....

-Nice decor - typical fancy chinese restaurant decor.

-Clean restroom.

-Service - friendly, esp for a Chinese restaurant. Although, the chinese cashier guy didn't seem very friendly, the food servers and ladies pushing the dim sum carts were friendly and attentive.

-Most of the customers were Asian, which is a good sign of food authenticity...ya know you made a good choice!

-Ordered turnip cakes and chinese broccoli off the menu, since they weren't on any of the carts.

-Very convenient parking...plenty of spots.

-The food is so good, it's worth the MSG headache!
Visiting Phoenix for a month from Portland, OR. Was craving dim sum and searched yelp for high-rated places and came across China King. Reviews seemed great however experience was disappointing. Came during opening on a Wednesday morning and they were quite busy. Took awhile to get seated. 

Dim sum was very disappointing. Everything tasted like store bought frozen dim sum they had popped in the microwave and served. 

Service was slow. Waited five minutes for one of the eight servers to ring me up at the register.
This was my first Dim Sum experience outside of a Chinatown in several major U.S. cities that I have been to, and I have to say I was very content with my experience. The food brought me back to walking the streets of Chinatown (Boston) and searching for the best Dim Sum restaurant in that section of the city. The food I felt was really good, with the exceptional blunder, and real fresh. Overall very positive. 
The service and the decor was the thing that brought my rating to a 4. Service was exceptionally slow. I have never been to a Dim Sum house where they weren't trying to push something on to you every five minutes. I had to wait a very long time for the cart to come around. I also requested shrimp paste around crab claws and the server went to put that request in the kitchen and he told me five minutes. 25 minutes of waiting and they finally came out to me. Eh, I can get over that. They have the ugliest bright orange seat cover in the world! That shouldn't bring the restaurant down, that's just my observation, and opinion. I definitely want to check out some other places for Dim Sum, but I know in the back of my mind if I want good Dim Sum, I know where to get it.
Very good food, great service and reasonably priced. Best time to get there is around 11:00 AM, the place fills up fast.
I am stuffed!!! This is the second time we have ventured to this place and for the second time, we were thoroughly pleased.  I'm not going to write a long discourse, but the food was excellent.  I recommend this place - I don't give it 5 stars because I don't give out five stars because when you think you've had the best, something else comes along and tickles your taste buds a little more.  

Service was great and the staff was always "Johnny on the Spot" when we needed something.  

You should give it a try.
I'm sorry to be the Chinese Californian raining down on everyone's parade, but I grew up eating dim sum and China King does not cut it. I thought the variety was limited and the taste was meager. I...will not return. :(
Came here today with the fam and a few good friends and boy am I a happy camper. Any time I'm surrounded by already cooked dumplings, pork, seafood pastries and noodles is a good day. The food was great. We had several items but for me the standouts were the shu mai and the chicken feet, followed closely by the pork belly and the short ribs. Everything I ate today was awesome, fresh and very well priced. Between 4 adults and two kids, the total damage was just a hair under $60. Still in a bit of a food coma, but I'm thinkin this is going to be a new Sunday tradition.
Being Chinese, and having eaten Chinese food around the world and Phoenix, I'd say I've experienced the good, the bad, the decent, and down right scary. This is currently one of the better authentic Chinese restaurants in the east valley. They have a large selection of dishes listed on their American menu and Chinese menu, and much of it is prepared well. The dim sum is pretty good for Phoenix, AZ. You'll find more Chinese people eating dim sum here than any other in the east valley. That's a good sign that the food is authentic.  It's a fairly large space and accommodates a fair number of people, but on the weekends there can still be a wait. Service is decent considering how busy they can get at times. Despite the fact that the restaurant has changed ownership several times, the food has remained pretty consistent. Pricing and portion size is fair.
This is our default place for dim sum on Sunday mornings. This is the only place my mom will go and she is, well...a picky middle-aged Asian woman. It is always crowded then, especially if it is a holiday, but that just reaffirms that this place is just that good. The dim sum is delicious and fresh. Also, I'm not a huge fan of rice porridge, but I have to get some from here every time I go.

If you're a dim sum novice, you'll find it helpful to scout out the dishes on their website before you go. Trust me, it will be so worth it.
This was my first Dim Sum experience so I don't know what to compare it against. I tried a couple different dishes, some were awesome, some were so-so. My favorite were the BBQ Pork sweet rolls.
did some take out for the first time here in about 2 years.. stopped coming here with all of the changes in ownership, this place used to be our regular dimsum place..We did some dinner take out, while the house special hkstyle panfried noodles were good.  The rest was still just blah..
In my opinion, China King is just an average Chinese restaurant. The dim sum is good, but I'd give the edge to C-Fu.

I've been a couple of times and the service was sub-par both times. 

Not a bad dining experience, but definitely not the best.

China King get's three stars for being an average restaurant in every way.
Finally!

Experienced Dim Sum and LOVED it...I just wish I had gone in with a group, because I couldn't finish everything.

What an awesome variety, also...2.50 per plate of food? Uh, yeah I'm in! 

One caveat, while the lovely older woman *did* try to be helpful by suggesting SO many things, I felt like I had to keep ordering out of respect.

For example: I ended up ordering BBQed Pork Buns, and I don't even eat pork. My roommate said they were fantastic though!

Things to try:
The Coconut Steamed Buns (oh jesus they're buttery and sinful!)
The Shrimp Rolls (simple, but tasty!)
A piping hot pot of tea with everything

For 2-5 bucks per plate you can't go wrong.
Went back to try the dim sum here last sunday, havent been here in 2 years..  Wish I wouldve stayed away..  the food was ok, Good overall for arizona, But the choices and lack of food really was a turn off. It was about 1245, not late by dim sum timing, but they were already wiped out of all food.  We TRIED to order more.. there just wasnt anything to order! I am Chinese and very used to having to chase down the carts for food when they are busy, but this was silly. The tripe was definitely a unique style, and the chicken feet were pretty tasty.  About all I can say about the food.  I will stick to Phoenix Palace for the east valley...
It was a goal of mine to hit up a new Dim Sum restaurant this year as opposed to the same amazing place we usually go to which is Great Wall on 35th Avenue and Camelback.  So I made the trek all the way out to Mesa to discover the treats of China King.  
    I now know that I don't need to drive 34 miles to go to Dim Sum because it was basically the exact same thing as Great Wall.  The food choices and tastes were literally the exact same...which is great.  
   Service was extremely attentive and very friendly.   They even had little menus to tell you what you are about to eat unlike other places where no one speaks English and you are diving into mystery dumplings all morning!  
   If you are all the way in "No Man's Land" (Chandler), hit this place up for a satisfying brunch/dim sum day.
not too shabby. good food at a great price.
A couple weeks ago, the AZ Republic had a story in their Wed. food section about Dim Sum restaurants in Phoenix. They mentioned China King and so my hubby and I decided to give it a try this Sunday. I am certainly not an expert on authentic Chinese food but I didn't really care for this place

When we got there, the only thing they had on the cart was beef tripe. We tried it and I thought it had a good flavor but after that we were left just sitting there waiting. The owner? came by and was very nice and asked if there was anything else we wanted. He gave us a menu of their dim sum items and so I picked a couple and then they were brought out to us. I really don't know the names of things so to me usually the fun of it is looking at the items on the cart and just pointing to stuff that looks good. The place was pretty empty so maybe they just didn't want to make all the items and put them on the cart in case they didn't get eaten. They did have a couple more items on there the next time she came around. 

The place itself is pretty run down looking. They actually put a large sign on the door to let people know they are open since the front entrance is in such disrepair that the place looks closed. Inside the carpet is very worn and dirty. They have chair covers other decor to try to fancy it up but the table tops were not too clean and overall the place just looked like it needed a thorough cleaning.  And as Karen W. mentioned, it was just a little to warm in there to eat comfortably.  I think I will stick to Phoenix Palace and C-Fu on the rare occasions that I do get a craving for dim sum.  Those places are a lot nicer looking and I think have better food even if they do charge a little more.  The only thing that kept this place from one star is that we both stuffed ourselves for less than $15.

http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2011/07/25/20110725phoenix-dim-sum.html
While in Tempe decided to get some Chinese food.  After searching Yelp we decided to go to China King.  The restaurant has a wedding reception feel to it.  We ordered shrimp fried rice, the beef in french sauce, scallops in XO sauce and my wide ordered the spare ribs in black bean garlic sauce which they made special for her since they are not on the menu.  We enjoyed our meals and they were very tasty.  I would go back and recommend to others.
Yummy Yummy Dim Sum.  It felt very much like a place in ChinaTown in NYC.
The food is ok ,not a great selection ,service is friendly but not very attentive all of our dim sum was stuck to the bottom of the metal container so they fell apart as we tried to remove them we had to flag an employ down for more ice tea I guess slurping my glass was not enough of a clue ...............will I be back .............NO
This is (another) all-time favorite! And to prove that, we go here at least every other week or when cravings call for it, we go every week!! Crazy huh? The hubbie and I and another couple who are great friends of ours usually spend at least 2-3 hours here, every trip, that's how much we love visiting this place! The owner and the servers know us...that when they see us come in, they start making our made-to-order favorite dishes and the hubbie's at least 2 small bowls of hoisin sauce..:) and from time to time they give us discounts for our entire meal! Sweet!! :) we have brought in friends and families from out of town and they also loved the place! Our all time dim sum faves are bean curd, hakaw, shrimp with veggies, siomai, fried small fish and my ever favorite, sticky rice!!! :-) for dessert, we love the sesame balls, both the yellow and black ones, and the Spanish coconut bread...Service I should say has always been good, we've also been given gift certificates on one occasion when they made a mistake with our bill. Price is very good for $2.75 per dim sum! All in all, I would truly ever recommend this place, food, affordability and service wise! And like one of the yelpers had said, you see a lot of Chinese people here, only means it's pretty good! Yummy!!! :-)

Oh and if you go and check out the place, you might wanna make one of the female servers give you a big smile by saying "She she Mei li" after each time they put something down on your table...They like that coz it means, 'Thank you beautiful', in English...:-)
Went to eat dim sum on Labor Day.
When we got there, the place was somewhat empty, so we thought service would be quick.
After getting 2 types of dim sums, the place suddenly got crowded, and service just went down the drain.
Not only we couldn't understand the cart ladies (VERY heavy chinese accent), but they would always skip our table and serve the bigger party table next to us (who were chinese)!
And by the time someone brought a cart, it would be empty, or wouldn't have what we wanted.
We ended up trying only 3 different things, and left.
The only reason i'm giving 2 stars, is because when i "checked in" on yelp through my phone, it showed a deal for a free soda.
Food wasn't even that good either!
The best authentic Chinese restaurant I have ever been to.  My wife and I went there thinking we could get some Dim Sum but when we got there they weren't serving it at that time.  We decided to try this place none the less.  

The menu was massive and had at least 100 different entrees.  Some of them familiar favorites such as General Tso's Chicken and other more traditional Chinese dishes such as shark fin soup.  You can tell this place is authentic by the atmosphere and the outstanding service that you receive from the staff.  

Be ready to eat is a piece of advice I would give to anyone thinking of going to China King because the portion sizes were very filling.  For true authentic Chinese food you need to go to the China King.
I read a lot of good reviews on this place so decided to check it out while I was visiting. So disappointed! The dim sum was sub par. Even the most basic stuff didn't taste right. Not much variety.
very cute place. 

we wanted some dim sum but ended up ordering meals. we should have stayed with the dim sum idea bc that was the best part.  

everything was insanely fresh and clean. the soup, the spring rolls, the dumplings...yum. the actual meal (general tso) wasn't that good, i gave it away. but everything else was tasty and the service was really sweet.
I live in central Phoenix and wanted some Dim Sum badly! I didn't want to drive up to my usual place since I was going the opposite direction, to Tempe. I looked up and found this place served Dim Sum. yay!  

Me and a friend jumped in the car and headed down to China King. I sat down with excitement and rubbed my hands together as I opened the Dim Sum menu. I was then informed that Dim Sum ended at 3. Boo!

I pouted for a bit and didn't want to eat anything since I couldn't get Dim Sum but my friend convinced me to give it a try and I am SO GLAD she did. The dishes were fantastic, fresh and flavorful!

We ordered the Tofu #1 and some Chow Mein as well as an order of pot stickers. I would recommend just about anything from this place even without tasting it but those plates I had were fantastic. 

Too bad it's so far away or I'd make myself a regular.
Very good dim sum! Bright cheery atmosphere inside with bright orange and red seat covers! Owners were very pleasant. Got there at 11:15am on a Tuesday and the dishes were ready and a nice selection was available. Many Asian people were eating there, so that is always a good sign and even on a weekday! I grew up in Vancouver and SF, so I was spoiled eating excellent dim sum there, but now I am in AZ and I am excited that there are several more choices around.  I live up in North Scottsdale and usually go to The Great Wall for dim sum. Chandler is a trek, but The China King was a nice change and I would definitely recommend it! 

I always measure the hagows and these were good, with real shrimp pieces. They were small, but still very tasty. There is lots to see in the surrounding area, so I would make an afternoon of it. I noticed the nice clean bathrooms compared to The Great Wall. I am not sure what other businesses were in this mall before, but other than China King and The Boston Market, the strip Mall looks a bit deserted today. I need to go check out Phoenix Palace and C-Fu and will give my overall comparison, but for now, I would definitely return to The China King. I also like that all the dim sum dishes had prices with an "8" in it, eg. $2.28!

Afterwards, I would recommend checking out the Lee Lee Asian market on Dobson - only 5 minutes away and also the Imperial Foot Spa for a true authentic Chinese Reflexology Foot Massage! Both are in the same mall! Everything Asian seems to be moving over to the Chandler area now so it was fun to take the trip down South and explore . . . .
Having moved from the San Francisco Bay Area of California, I missed Sunday dim sum something awful!  All over the Phoenix metropolitan I went, searching, tasting, searching... 

China King is the spot I take visiting friends and family and it's also the spot my family enjoys for Easter brunch, Mother's Day and sometimes Thanksgiving Day brunch.  

There are so many choices, all delicious, all served by friendly and attentive staff in a comfortable and clean atmosphere.  I'm definitely a fan and could only wish for a lightning fast transport to get me there from Glendale.
We tried this because it got good reviews. So we ordered to pick up, got the food back home, and each container had a ton of watery grease, the egg rolls were also full of grease. And the taste wasn't that great either, I felt like I could have gotten better food at panda express. One of the four people ended up with stomach problems the next day. The price was cheap but so was the food. I was expecting so much more.
One of the most aggravating restaurants I have been to in awhile. My partner and I were so irritated that we both got into an argument we were so irritated.

First arrive and there is a woman sitting behind the front counter and she does not greet us right away so we are standing there awkwardly not sure of what to do, my partner asks, "are we supposed to sit ourselves?" to me. Then she finally greeted us and we were whisked away to a huge table for only the two of us. All of the colors are bright in here which didn't bother me the same way they seem to bother everyone else.

We were given a very short menu with half in Chinese but then after awhile I see another couple with a very extensive menu and I am left wondering wth? I checked online before I went and saw that they had vegetarian options which I did not see on this extremely short menu. The other couple was white and we are not so it was not like they got the better all Chinese menu because they were Asian or something. When the owner comes to the table we request the other menu which he was happy to oblige. There were so many options you could get lost in that menu but I liked it.

We ordered a half duck, and vegetables in oyster sauce with jasmine tea. The duck came for some reason 10 minutes before my meal did so we both had to sit there waiting for my food because my partner did not want to eat without me. No Jasmine tea had come by that time 25 minutes after ordering. The duck was greasy and cold as my partner described it; it was like if someone had cooked it earlier in the day and left it out, room temperature and old tasting. When they finally came with my meal I found that the 'vegetables' was really only bok choy in some oyster sauce, I was very unhappy and the bok choy they gave me was mostly stems. We had to remind the original waiter to bring our tea and we ordered some spring rolls at that time.

The tea finally came and my partner asked for a spoon for the rice and that took 5 minutes to bring that, I even think that was yet another waiter who came to the table. My partner asked if they could warm up the duck which they did. Service was sooo slow even though there were many workers. The spring rolls we ordered never came so in disgust we just had our meals boxed and walked up to the counter to pay rather than wait 20 minutes to pay a check at the table. We will get our roasted duck from Lee Lee's from now on.
Tried several dishes for the first time loved them all. I spent a lot of time in the far east and this is as good. Today went for the dim sum, kathie and I ate alot and the bill was less than $20. I would have paid double.
Went with best friend to China King because she was telling me about the Dim Sum for lunch on a Sat, when we walked in a I was impressed by the bright colors of the tables & chairs, loved it! Love details like that!  They have a wide variety of items offered and even if it's not on the carts being pushed around you can ask for it and it will be ordered up!  Also checked in on my yelp app and got a free soda, which I turned into a ice tea, but how cool is that!
well there's good and bad. food is authentic chinese great food. but the staff and owner are racist. again the food is awesome very good. but man i was let down yet again. i had delivery...... which i swear these where the words out of the drivers mouth...(next time maybe you order from friend of mine he right next to us he caters to american american - chinese food. we are more for chinese food cooked for chinese.) i wanted to call back to store to complain man after hearing that i found out the delivery guy was the owner and let me tell you!!!  i loved the food but i would not recommend this place to anyone.very racist. if you can ignore the racists then you  would love the food but man with the racists it just leaves bad taste in my mouth personally.
The food was so good!! I drove all the way from tempe just for a meal and I do NOT regret it at all!! I will be back again and with more people next time
Dim sum is a great experience. The staff passes by with their steam carts & shows you a variety of items (steamed or fried) and each order is 3-4 pieces. If it looks good try it! You might be surprised. The best thing is the prices are very reasonable. They keep your ticket at your table & mark it off as you go so you always know how much food you are buying. Staff is very friendly, though sometimes a little hard to understand - but hey its authentic! If you want something you don't see just ask & they will make sure it comes over to you. I highly recommend the fried noodles with bean sprouts & onions. Also the steamed buns filled with BBQ pork are a must! They are sweet & savory & delicious. For desert we try to get the bread filled with a coconut paste & you have to try the sesame balls! The balls are filled with red bean paste which sounds scary but is sweet and yummy, then they are rolled in white & black sesame seeds & fried to a crispy finish. The texture is amazing, fried & crispy on the outside of a gummy but soft ball & then the warm almost gooey filling in the middle. They come with 3 on a plate so if you are like me & always go with someone else you may have to fight over the extra one. I will recommend this place to anyone. My husband & I cant wait to try them for dinner one night to try their regular menu.
Authentic Chinese food, a rarity in this area of town!

Black bean cod, beef with Chinese broccoli, and ginger chicken. Absolutely tasty.

Legit Chinese food.

I'll definitely be back. See you there.
I am so glad I found this place! By far...this is the best dim sum place I have found. The place has tight seatings, but I don't care...I'm about the food! I love Love LOVE dim sum!!! I need to come back here soon...
This place is right by my house, but to be honest it always looked a little dingy from the outside.

However, after realizing that they had dim sum and had so many good reviews, I was down to try it!

I was already pleasantly surprised when I walked through the door. It was actually pretty cute inside and very clean! A lot of Chinese/Asian restaurants have the tendency to smell pretty funky, but not this place! As soon as we sat down the carts started coming! We had some shrimp dumplings with huge hunks of shrimp in them that were awesome. Most of what we had were dumpling-style dishes (all very good). We also had short ribs that were pretty tasty. They didn't have any green veggies on the cart, but were nice enough to cook some fresh for us as part of the deal. We also had seaweed salad that was delicious, too! They have dim sum every day from 11A-3P, so it's a great thing to do for lunch and pretty cheap (depending on how much you eat). Our total was a little over $20 and we were stuffed!

Don't be decieved by the awkward location and shabby-looking exterior, it's definitely worth trying :)
My daughter loves this restaurant and cannot get enough of this place! Authentic Cantonese food with fast and friendly service. We bring our family to eat here when they visit.  When we want Chinese food, we come here!
Celebrated Mother's Day here and had dim sum.  First time for dim sum and first time for this restaurant.
I enjoyed the dim dum.  One of the dishes that I asked about and was told pork.  Well it was pig but not what I was thinking of.  It was pigs' feet.  Very little to eat on a pigs foot but the flavor was good. Would not choose this again.
One of the items was oysters which was quite good.
They were very busy so service was not up to par (or so I surmise).  I asked for a knife and waited, waited, and waited some more.  I had to ask 3 times before anyone brought it to me.
Really loved the custart tart.
Great restaurant for Dim Sum! I came to this restaurant because of another reviewer's "picky Asian mom" comment and my craving for some Dim Sum.

As a background I am American Born Chinese, and grew up in the SF Bay area.  My dad has always been picky about which Chinese restaurants he takes me to, so my taste for Chinese food has always been picky to the point that I choose never to go to Chinese restaurants, unless it's with my dad, so I'll never be disappointed.  

Let me tell you this, I was not disappointed in their Dim Sum!  My husband and I got many different types of steamed dumplings, steamed dishes, congee, and so much more things that have no English words to.  I was melting in my food heaven the tastes were just right: delicate, flavorful, and very satisfying.  

Currently there is major road construction around the restaurant, don't let that deter you, it didn't for the rest of the patrons who started coming in around 11 and noon. In my opinion due to that horrible construction and the fact that it is summer, the restaurant was pretty busy!  

A couple of tips on Dim Sum:

First off I've always learned with any Dim Sum place come early, especially if it's on a major holiday!. So you beat the crowds, the possible wait, and get as many good dishes that your heart's desire.

Secondly don't drink soda!  Dim sum is traditionally enjoyed with tea, would you go and have tea sandwiches and scones with soda at an English tea house, I'm guessing not.  If you end up with some of the more fried dishes and the tasty sweet pastries the tea actually helps make you feel less oily in your stomach.  Plus the gas from the bubbles will fill up your stomach and not allow you to try the varieties of small dishes coming past you!

Lastly something I learned from my White American Husband, "Don't ask what it is, just ask how to eat it" this will open you up to trying new and different flavors that you would have never expected to taste.  Yes, the braised chicken feet looks obvious and daunting, but the flavor is always something I look forward to eating, and don't expect to fill up on something like that or the pork feet, its about flavor and enjoying the next flavorful dish  to come by your table!  

Usually I've noticed most dim sum restaurants have an oily feel in the air, but this place did not.  It was nice and clean, including the (woman's) bathrooms. However as a general advice I never wear my finest when I go to Chinese restaurants because of that oily feel.

Lastly I read another reviewer's complaint about sitting down for dinner and having their separate dishes coming out at separate times (not dim sum) and wanted to address that Chinese restaurants are traditionally family style, that means one does not stick to eating one dish only, but SHARE the dishes, so if plates are coming out at different intervals, this does not constitute as bad service.  Remind your mate to share with you.  Now if they're doing that weird lunch time special menu where you get an egg roll, soup, rice with entre, then yes that's not family style and yes you can be disappointed in the service.  The only thing I was slightly disappointed with is when I couldn't get anyone's attention to help us get our items in to go boxes, but we eventually did, and it wasn't like I was in a real hurry on a Sunday morning.l

 Pricing: Between my husband and I we had a variety of 11 dim sum dishes that totaled to the cost of $38. We ended up having left overs to take home, that I ended up eating as three separate snacks later!  I definitely got my money's worth and will be coming back for more!
Whether you have the dim sum or lunch specials this restaurant is top notch!
Ssshhhh! Don't tell anyone....China King is NOT a buffet. This place it as authentic as it gets! The food is amazing, the staff is great and they are always good for recommending something new and different. But, like I said...Don't tell anyone about this little gem. We don't want to ever have to wait for a table!
My sister came into town yesterday and I have been telling her I have been craving dim sum.  So when she landed at sky harbor,  we went straight to China King.
There were only a few people that were in there but we still made it for the dim sum.  To my understanding it is typically packed over the weekend and I will try it over a weekend because I think they may offer more of a variety. My sister and I got 5 different types of dim sum and a pot of tea which set us back 13 bucks. Which is NOT bad at all.  We also had some left overs but if I brought home chicken feet, I think my husband would freak out.
The only bad thing that I would have to say is getting someones attention for the pot of tea.  Just to reiterate from other peoples review, drink tea while you are eating dim sum.  It helps with digestion and you don't feel heavy after leaving the place.  Don't add any sugar and let the tea sit there for about 4 mins so the leaves have a chance to bloom, you will be able to taste the tea alot better.
Overall, the food was good and I plan on going back during brunch on the weekend :)
My mom took me here and we were the only non-Asian people in the place so we were VERY excited.  It was not very busy but it was during the week so maybe that was the reason.  We ordered hot green tea to start with then I ordered the won ton soup and my mom ordered a dinner special that was chicken chow mien with friend rice, 2 crab puffs, and 1 egg roll (I ate the crab puffs :-D ).  My won ton soup was HUGE and absolutely delicious!!  I want to tell the world about this place to share it's deliciousness.  It had wontons, chicken, shrimp, and steak pieces all inside this soup.  I couldn't finish it all and packed the leftovers for the BF to enjoy.   I'll be back (Arnold voice).
I have been to dim sum places in Boston, Orlando, Memphis, Atlanta, and Westminster. This place is one of the finest and it's right here in Chandler! The staff was very friendly and the presentation was top notch. Not to mention very clean! I came here on a Sunday brunch and they had dim sum served in carts. You select what you want and wha-lah! Another plus is the receipt on the table makes it very easy to determine how much you owe without question. Not many dim sum places make it this easy to calculate. If you're in the mood for dim sum, come here. Also, there was minimal communication barriers with the servers. A+
We come here once in a while and pretty much get great service. I always wonder why often there's hardly anyone here. They told me that it's packed on Dim-Sum days. We go for regular chinese food.   This is one of the best we've found without being overly-priced, like another place nearby.

Of note: some chinese food places, when you get chicken and vegetables, give you only bok-choy. This place doesn't. You get other veggies in there, which is great.
Also, looking for hot tea? They mostly serve Jasmine tea (they do have other flavors), with the tea leaves floating around in your cup (you have to ask for a teabag or to have them strain out the tea leaves if it bothers you, like it does me).  They also currently have a check-in offer for free soda with a meal. I showed them my check-in offer, and not only did they give us the free soda, we weren't charged for the other soda, either (nice)--I asked, and they said, no worries, both are on the house. And they had no clue I'd write a review, but I have reviewed them on escrip, if you use that to help your kids' schools out (they are part of that group, too).

My hubby likes their spicy foods. I like the mild stuff. My son likes the normal adult food instead of the usual kids meal that most chinese places have if they have kids meal (the breaded/deep fried chicken balls aka sweet n sour chicken w/o the sauce).

They also deliver in a limited delivery area. The only thing I would caution about is, if you do delivery or carry-out: check your order before you leave or they leave. I sent my hubby for some carry-out from them and somehow they gave us 3 orders of the same thing when we only ordered 2 of that (we also got charged for that 3rd one--I know he wouldn't have ordered 4 meals; we don't have that many ppl in the family--1-yr old eats from our meals, happily).

If you are a regular, they will recognize and remember your preferences (example, I like my tea without the leaves in it).

Atmosphere: casual, but nice touch to have tablecloths over the tables and also cloth-covers on the chairs, which I noticed they changed the colors last time we were in.  Come on down and check them out! The construction on that side of the street is done (now on the other side), so it's a smoother entrance and exit from those sides of Alma School and Ray.
Our party of eight had a terrific dim sum brunch here last Saturday. The choices were plentiful, hot, and fresh-tasting. I love trying new items and this time we tried the fried chicken's feet and the seaweed salad. Both were something new and different for our entire table. Favorite item this time was the duck. It was tender and flavorful, almost like a dessert. Everything was good, and the service is stellar. Prices can't be beat. We ate and ate and ate and our bill was about $15 per person. Yum.
I would say that China King is among the top Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.  The service is terrific.  You are greeted at the door and shown to your table immediately.  The tables have table clothes which is even better.
I have come by here for lunch a few times and have really enjoyed the food.  The quality is first rate and the serving sizes are generous.  In addition, dim sum is typically served during lunch as well.  The wait staff move the carts around quickly so you are not sitting around and attempting to patiently figure out what will be coming down the pike in the next few minutes.

My particular favorite are the dim sum noodles; pan fried with soy sauce - yum!
The prices are reasonable.  I would say between $10.00 to $15.00 for a good size memorable lunch with tip.

A great place to experience outstanding cuisine.
I was told that this was the best in the city but to be honest I've had better. They had all of the essentials -siu mai, dumplings, chicken feet, rice noodles, congee, chinese broccoli, etc -  but there was still a lot of dishes missing to make this place a great Dim Sum. We came in a group of 10 and was left sitting around wondering what else they had after 20 minutes. 

Some dishes that could be better:
1. BBQ pork Bun - a little dry and small portion of bba pork - end up with plenty of dry dough
2. Ginger tofu - overly sweet and not enough tofu
3. Chicken feet - the sample I had was overcooked to where the skin was soggy. Good chicken feet should have some elasticity to it and more texture. 

I may or may not come back. Try it for yourself and be the judge.
Ah, I have found an acceptable place in Phoenix for dim sum. It makes my move here at least a little more bearable :P 

The variety was good. The dim sum carts came around frequently. If I were to compare the dim sum to my favorite dim sum places (in other cities), it would be only mediocre, but for Phoenix, it is great. 

My favorite thing I had there was their Ma Tsang. It was the right consistency and flavoured well. Their look funn was also good. Their chicken feet lacked in flavor and didn't have enough sauce! Their congee was fine--not enough century egg though for me :P Their ro po gao (radish cake) was pretty good--came out a little cold though. I wish they had a cart where they fried the entrees to order for you like in other dim sum places. Their siu mai and ha gao were standard, as well as the xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I was impressed that they did have to hu hua (don't know how to describe this in english...sweet tofu dessert/soup?), and it was really good!

There was one hilariously bitter woman who just barked at everyone who wanted something from her cart. She was exceptionally grumpy lol. She seriously looked like she hated the world, herself and her life. Other than her, the other cart ladies were very nice. The manager was very welcoming and very smile-y too.  

I will definitely be back. Glad there is at least some decent dim sum in Phoenix :)
I brought my stepdaughter (Kenzie) here for labor day and the place was packed! My stepdaughter is 10 years old and an adventurous eater and I have been wanting to come back for dim sum and she offered to come with me.  We got there and she was asking how it worked and if it would take long for the food to come out, I just told her to sit and wait and voila not even 2 mins later a lady came to our table with the cart.  At first Kenzie seemed alittle put off but tried the sticky rice and spare ribs she loved it! The food was good, I wish we had more of a selection but I have to remember we came when the place was full and food was flying off the carts.
Style of dim sum: pushing carts. 

Food: 
The Dim Sum was pretty decent for Phoenix! There wasn't a lot of variety but at least you got all your basics and maybe a few of the more exotic ones. The quality and taste was both pretty good! 

Service: 
Really nice dim sum ladies that work here! They were so attentive and very good at selling the dim sum to us! 

Ambiance: 
Needs improvement! The dishes/cups were kinda sticky. The whole place screams out a "hole in the wall" vibe but it's actually not that small or hidden. This place needs a renovation! They don't even need to do that much, just a touch up here and there to liven/brighten up the place would do!

Price: 
There's 10% for dim sum right now! The items were pretty decently priced for the quality and quantity!

Overall: 
I would totally come again! It's a good deal!
Removed the Yelp sign from the front door? Something feels fishy about that...It is almost like they know something is up with the reviews on here.

Anyways, The food generally is pretty good, DEPENDING ON WHAT YOU ORDER, and be careful how you word it, because YOU ARE GOING TO GET EXACTLY WHAT YOU ASK FOR.

Stick to the menu, and order based on the pictures, don't try to deviate. If you deviate, they will take EVERYTHING in the literal sense. 

The DIM SUM is YUM, and definitely worth making a stop here before 3 to catch it. I also attended a wedding that was held here, and all the food was delicious. As long as you don't deviate from the standard offerings on the menu, this place is definitely one of the best in Chandler, and maybe Arizona.
Seriously!!!! most DISGUSTING place ever! had a hair in the dumpling of the dim sum one time which will be my ever last time to go there! Talked to them with the hair, the services took the one away and come back without an apologize or anything and walk away again. What a nice service and the food made me so sick all day! HAIR in a Dumpling! EWWWW. even the boss was on the services site and said, "well, if she said no then it is no." so that means me, as a customer, is laying? how FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
The dim sum here was pretty decent, but the service is very slow.  I had to ask twice to get a glass of water and had the same problem when I asked for my spicy mustard.

 I haven't had much dim sum in the area, but heard it's one of the better places in town.  I will have to try a few more places before I give this place a final grade.
Good food. Love there #7 on the menu.  Reminds us of  paki Chinese food!
I'm sitting here at China King and am baffled at the high rating. The waitress told me they would not honor the Yelp  check-in special.  The restaurant is filthy. There is a film on the windows, and a pair of children's shoes strewn across the waiting area.  The child I think they belong to is actually standing on top of chairs SCREAMING for his mom. This is AWFUL.  There is also a dirty, empty bucket just outside of the front door. I'm not sure why, but eww!! The men's room is SO GROSS, and there's just all sorts of eww everywhere! My best instinct tells me I shouldn't have bothered, but I gave it a whirl, and... The food wasn't *horrible*. The fried rice was really bland. The Egg Drop Soup was kinda barfy. It had nasty peas corn and carrots, and the vegetables had been dehydrated.. they weren't dehydrated very well. My entree was General Tso's Chicken. It was certainly the highlight of the experience, but the chicken itself seemed oddly dense, and of low quality. The prices weren't super great either. I'm guessing all the hype is about the Dim Sum, and the more exotic seafood offerings. I'm still in disbelief that they would not accept the check-in special, filth factor makes me wonder what kind of public health hazard China King is.
I really wanted to like this place, as I miss dim sum.  Unfortunately, if this is the best Phoenix can do, then I just won't be having dim sum in the Valley.  Just wasn't that good.
Outside of New York or China, this place has to be my favorite place to get chinese food. Rated the top 8th Chinese restaruant in the country. Great dim sum for lunch, great range of Americanized Chinese food to darn near authentic.

Portions are large, anywhere from $6 for a decent meal to upwards of $60 per person depending on what you get. Generally it's about $14 for myself when I go. 

The peeking duck, roasted pork, and dim sum are by far the best things on the menu. Surprisingly they have Shark Fin Soup on thier menu. I've had it in China and it was amazing, but also cheap. At $48, I'll try it here later. I came here with a freind who generally says yes to everything, so the ladies that pushed the dim sum carts loved him. I kept telling him everything is ala cart, hence the "carts" being pushed around. Great meal, but needless to say it was nearly $100 for the two of us by the time we left. Learn to say "No Thank You." Try it, it's easy.
Great dim sum in a decent looking atmosphere.
This place has he lowest priced dimsum in the East Valley.  Hat doesn't mean the food is not good.  

Hey bring out hebusual dimsum fare.  If there's something else you were looking for, just ask your waiter..

My favorite thing here:  Chicken Feet

Their tea is pretty aromatic and tasty.
Good customer service but the food was a bit dry. I think there is a new ownership because it is not as busy as it use to be and there are a lot of new employees. Overall an okay place to get a quick lunch or something.
Second time dining here.   Great food.   Great Service.  The place is clean and nice.  Our food was really good,  good portions.   When we got the check the waiter set a plate down with ice cold sweet watermelon.   We will be back!   We are looking forward to their Dim Sum!
Very unimpressed for dim sum on a Tuesday.  Not very many carts with food. Someone was carrying food but bypassed our table and went to other tables.  We had to call them to our table.  By the time the person came to our table there wasn't much selection.  Service here is indifferent and lackluster.  Many tables are just waiting for any carts.  Definitely not worth coming her for dim sum, especially on a Tuesday.  This is the worst dim sum experience I've ever had anywhere.  Was here before for dinner and it was uneventful.
I wanted to like this place more than I did. They need more carts for dim sum on a Sunday morning. When we leave because food's not rolling around, that's a poor sign for dim sum. 

The food itself was not bad and pretty cheap.  Two of us ate for $8 each including tax and tip. Of course, we could have eaten more, but few options were to be found other than the steamed cart of dim sum basics.  Siu mai and chicken feet were ok - not bad, not outstanding.  Bean curd was great.  Shrimp wrapped in rice noodles (banh cuon in Viet) was dry. Order it from the cart instead of trays they carry around to be more fresh.  Tripe was too earthy and the juices were salty for my taste. 

I think Phoenix Palace was comparable if not slightly better.
I'm from China, this is the only place in AZ I go for Dim Sum. Very good variety on weekends, not bad on weekdays too. Not the best I've tasted in my life but certainly the top in Arizona.
Looking for a good Chinese fast food restaurant, I tried the orange chicken and the flavor was ok. Nothing I would go back for. About 4 miles away. Not worth driving for
Went to China King for a Dim Sum lunch today.
I ordered, Tofu Skin rolls with sauce (my favorite), Siu Mai (Shumai), pan fried noodle, rice noodle roll with beef, and a type of shrimp dumpling.
Everything was very good, fresh, and more then enough food for two people.
I would suggest arriving pretty much right at 11am when they open. 
that's when the carts are loaded and it will ensure hot, just out of the kitchen dumplings.
Also if you do a little research online before you go. So that you know what to order.
That helps a lot too. They don't have the laminated flash cards with english explanations for what each of the dumplings and dishes are. There are many dishes they can do that are not normally on the cart, Like the pan fried noodle. Or, Chinese doughnut with rice noodle.
Order... Don't wait for the cart !!

I don't know of anywhere else in Phoenix that does Dim Sum like this.
If you do let me know.
And, if anyone knows where to get real soup dumplings (soup inside the dumpling)
definitely pass that along too..
China King is worth a try..
This is a good, not great place for dim sum. Steamed pork buns are good, shrimp shu mai is good but nothing to write home about.
When China King opened a few years back, the food was absolutely delicious!  Everything came piping hot, service was pro, and the food was always fresh.  These days, it seems like no matter what time you stop in, the food is always just reheated and never made to order.  I've been to China King for dim sum and dinner and the food seems pretty inconsistent.  I think the previous chef must've left because the food is pretty sub-par.  

Their prices are ridiculous for the quality you're getting and service has steadily dwindled to the point where the waitress will burn you with the tea pot if you don't move away fast enough --- never an apology, oh well!  I just hate getting a steamer of dried siu mai and soggy shrimp dumplings.  Nothing makes me more mad.  The overall decor is still decently clean and new but the ambiance is a bit bland!  I say skip China King and head to a better eatery.
One of the better dim sum places in Arizona! You've got all your essentials here: shrimp dumplings, shu mai, BBQ buns, shrimp long noodles, sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves, etc. All of it is pretty delicious and gives me a taste of home in LA. :)

This is definitely one of my go to dim sum places and worth the drive!
I cannot believe I hadn't already reviewed China King! This is my family's favourite place to come for dim sum. We've been to so many dim sum places, and this is definitely the best in the valley and basically anywhere.  They have many typical dim sum dishes such as shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, rice rolls, etc., but we love this place because they have some very special items that cannot be found anywhere. We especially love their fried taro dumplings that not only taste amazing, but also look really cool too. Everything is so yummy here. Hands down best dim sum there is!
best Chinese restaurant in Arizona I have been to so far in the 7 years ive lived in this state... im from the east coast and I find most Chinese restaurants out here are really bad.. this place was great! fresh made to order. the hot and sour sour was amazing tasting it could use a bit more meat and veggie in it though it was mostly broth.. the portions where huge.. lunch prices were very cheap!
For Phoenix, it's not too bad.  The dining area is small compared to other dimsum places I've been to (across the country).  The service is as expected as most are immigrants - but surprisingly, better than other places I've been to.  The dimsum like I said is OK.  It's on a cart so that's cool and I didn't feel like stuff was "reheated" but the whole dynamic of how it all ran and being able to get the dish you wanted and when you wanted just didn't flow very well - probably due to the small dining area.  We waited a lot for our food - which is bad for them b'c the longer you wait, quicker you get full so for 2 adults and 1 toddler, we usually spend around $40.  Today, $30.

I live pretty far and just happen to be in the area.  I don't think I'd come here specifically just for dimsum but if I were in the area, I might go try it again.  I know my tone sounds like I should give this place 3 stars at most but I'm trying to compare it to other dimsum places in the area.  If I do that, then it's 4 stars.
The dim sum is good here. The dinner menu has improved! They are now serving stirred fried ong-choy (rau muong xo). What is good here? Steamed chicken. I got a free one when I ordered over $100. Funny how usually things that are free aren't that great! But it was better than the other $100 worth of food. The restaurant looks pretty filthy regardless of minor attempts to upgrade/renovate the place.
Great food!!! My first time with dimsum & loved it! I was the only non-Asian person there, so it seems pretty authentic.
I love this place! Great comfort food. The only reason why they are missing a star is because the servers aren't too friendly. They usually are talking to each other in their own language and sometimes you need to flag them down if you want any type of attention. I wish this place was a lil bit bigger as well, sometimes the carts will hit the back of my chair and they wouldn't even say sorry or excuse me. They just keep going. Talk about rude. Other than that, the food is amazing, it's fresh, and probably one of the best dim sum I've had and I've had a lot.
If you ever feel "stuck" in Vegas surrounded by a jungle of steakhouses, faux-French and -Italian restaurants & greasy Dennis-type joints, and if you are longing for Japanese, Thai, Kantonese, Korean or Vietnamese noodles to purify your soul, you should visit Noodles & Co.

A neat ambience, courteous service and tasty flavourful food made us want to eat there twice, for merely 3 days of stay. A good selection of appetisers and side dishes accompany the wide selection of noodle soups. Everything we ever tried tasted good & authentic. Wine and beer list is also very decent, if you care about alcohol.

Overall a great experience- will go back for sure.
One of the better deals in the Bellagio, and much more casual. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed all of the stuff we ordered. The bbq pork buns and potstickers were quality renditions. I'd also recommend the salt and pepper shrimp, and the Malaysian fried rice, but half the fun is picking and choosing from their varied menu.
Having been in the US for 6 years and constantly searching, i've come to accept that the best chinese food is still in Hong Kong. There is however a sweet consolation---264 miles away from my area,there is Noodles. Surprisingly, I would find my favorite chinese food place inside a vegas hotel. But it's true, the exceptional taste of the food here brought back memories of my Hong Kong love affair with congee, dimsum, peking duck and noodles. Unlike other places I tried, their roasted duck is tasty yet not as greasy (you can even order it de-boned which makes for an even more enjoyable pigout). Their dimsum is topnotch. Basic selections like har gao, siu maai, bau and ma chang taste exceptional. My most favorite of all though is their seafood congee. Not a lot of chinese restarants serve this well, if at all, but in Noodles, they have it great. It has savory stuff like squid, scallops, mushroom, bokchoy, fish fillets in a tasty base (not watered down or too textured).I do wish they'd expand the dismsum menu and serve woo kok (mashed taro with shiitake mushrooms, shrimp, pork), and bring back the seasoned jellyfish. Other than that, I have no complaints. If you do love chinese food, and you know chinese food by heart, this place won't disappoint. And for those of you who prefer other asian cuisine, like korean, japanese, vietnamese or thai, Noodles also has tasty selections to satisfy your cravings (eg. pad thai, pho, kimchi, udon, and other favorites). Not the cheapest place, but definitely worth it. Did I mention the ambiance? It's a casual, comfortable place with minimalist beautiful decor by Tony Chi. This is a must for those who love asian food and a good time.
I ordered the seafood pho because I was craving pho.  Then I realized I just ordered a $16 bowl of pho.  But whatever...that's life at the Bellagio.  Question...what are two things that are absolutely required with pho?  That's right...plum and shriracha sauce.  No one knew what the heck I was talking about when I asked for the red sauce with a rooster on the bottle.  A guy waiter told me to use the Chinese chilli paste that was on the table.  Another waitress brought out that Thai sweet chilli sauce and said that would taste good in my pho.    Have they done lost their minds??  I finally had to get the manager involved who was nice enough to get me something else, so I ordered the Tom yum soup with rice noodles.  Eh...noodles in Tom Yum wasn't quite right either.  Just cause you have a place called Noodle doesn't mean you have to put it in everything.
The food was surprisingly good and the prices were fair considering you're in a casino and they've "gotcha." I ordered the pan fried egg noodles and they were awesome. We also ordered the fried rice and it was great and even reheated the next day for a great meal. The appetizers of potstickers and the malaysian roti bread with a curry dipping sauce were delectable. I came here based on a recommendation from my mom. And... now... I recommend it to you!
We went here for dim sum on our way out of Vegas, thanks to the suggestion of lovely Yelper Jacquie C. There was quite a long wait on a Sunday afternoon, unless you were willing to sit in the smoking section (we weren't). When we finally got seated, we were impressed with the elegance of the table - nice, laquered wood and rolls on the benches for reclining. We were immediately brought fresh tea, and they never let the teapot get anywhere close to empty. We could have ordered off the menu, but we chose dim sum. Every single piece of dim sum was amazingly delicious and very high quality. We especially liked the chef's special that day, which was a steamed dumpling with abalone and crushed peanuts. Our big complaint was that the dim sum carts did not come by often enough. Understandable given that most people in the restaurant were eating off the menu, but we were very hungry and got very frustrated waiting for the carts. The frustration factor would have lowered this rating to 3 stars, but having recently had some very boring and uninspired dim sum recently at another place back home (the food was lacking, not the company!), I was reminded of how delicious the food was here in comparison. Except for the dim sum carts, the service was attentive. The price was not as cheap as what we'd pay back home, but hey, this is Vegas, plus we were a small group, which makes the dim sum cost go up when you split it up per person. Overall, great food, though the experience was lacking since we were so tired and hungry.
My friends and I kind of came into this place randomly.. I thought it was going to be just another bastardized P.F. Changs type place but wow was I wrong. The whole place is run by peeps from Hong Kong.. including the cooks. Every dish we ordered was authentic and very good. Prices are a bit steep for chinese food but hey, we're in Vegas.. stuff just costs more here. I wasn't able to try out the dim sum but I'm sure its top notch just like their normal dinner food.

Food: 9/10
Service : 7/10
Ambience: 7/10
Noodles is located adjacent to the Baccarat Bar. They serve traditional noodle dishes from Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, China and Vietnam and authentic Hong Kong style barbecue dishes. All menu items are A la carte, with appetizers ranging from $6.00 - $13.00, and main course, $12.00 - $30.00.


We came to this restaurant for Dim Sum on a Saturday morning(around 11am), and got seated immediately. We had about 10 different items, and everything we had was delicious. Although the price is more than double what I usually pay at a dim sum restaurant back home, but the varieties and quality of the food, with the ambiance and service is definitely worth the $$. 

They only serve Dim Sum Friday - Sunday 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. The line can get pretty long, so get there early if you can.
This restaurant was definately over priced.  All the stories you hear about how cheap it is to eat in vegas, complete lie.  Although I did stay on the strip, but still i dont think I had a single meal under $13.  That adds up quickly.  The food here was good, but nothing to write home about.
There is a general  lack of quality restaurants in Las Vegas and generally the worst of them are located inside the casinos. In my mind, this is the only exception.

Noodles serves pan-Asian cuisine focusing on Chinese. They specialize in congee (juk), which is a rice gruel with various meats/seasonings. I order this each time I visit Noodles because they are so damned excellent. Also try the stir-fried seaweed with smoked tofu -- so wonderful.

In addition to top-quality dishes, the service here is outstanding the wait staff take pride in what they are serving. 

The decor is top notch with glass bottled noodles and muted tans filling the entire space. This place is very special and an a great escape from Vegas' brashness.

Go early. Asian families know and love this place and a line forms outside after 6-7pm. And they are willing to wait.

Highly recommended.
So yea Noodles is expensive. I saw that 16 dollar pho. They do have Dim Sum though 11-3 on Fri - Sat. Their dim sum is great. I had it when my fam came in. So here's the deal. Why is it when my mom or aunt come into town I get stuck at Noodles or Noodle Asia. Give me cheap noodles! So here's my problem Everything was good. Even the oxtail soup. But getting a bowl of rice throws them off. "Just steam rice" YEA I need rice to eat with my SOUP! You don wan no duck or soy sauce with rice. NO....I'm FREAKIN FILIPINO - JUST BRING RICE to balance the flavors in my mouth! Ok I bring. Well other than that - yea it's good . Noodle dishes - duck dishes. I just dont like to pay so much for food I know I can get at a fraction and just as authentic. I do like the clean though...My budget just doesn't rock as much. but definitely you gotta try.
You know how some guys compensate, right? 

If they drive a big truck, they have a small johnny.
If they drive a fast car, then johnny come lately.

What noodles (that's with a lower case "n") lacked in taste is pretty much compensated by its interiors. On one side are glass vessels filled with all sorts of noodles lining the entire wall. Pretty much reminded me of my biology lab in high school, you know, those glass containers filled with fetuses, bats, fishes, weird-looking animals, and other human parts. Bad memories mind you...we had this preserved cat at the beginning of the semester.  As term went along, we'd conduct various 'operations' on this cat until it was down to its skeleton.

Anyhoo where were we...the place is bright, clean yet casual. 

Though the overly-priced menu, for a quick noodle house at least, covers a number of dishes from China, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore or Indonesia, they indeed lacked the taste, depth and spices I always look for...a bit clean and polished for my ASIAN palate...pretty much reminded me again of that cat in my lab class. 

So,  off to Pho 69 I go for my $4.99 Pho Gato (Psst, so is the rumor true?)

2 stars because they have San Miguel Beer. And I'd do incisions on your johnny if you think this beer is from Mexico, dude.
My friends and I ended up here after a long night of wandering around the strip. We were all surprised how expensive it was -- so much so, that two of my three friends just ordered appetizers instead of dinner. I had a so-so piece of steamed fish in curry sauce for a whopping $30. I also clearly ordered a Thai iced tea, and was brought regular iced tea.

The meal wasn't bad, but it's probably the worst meal I've had for $30 a plate. I don't think I'd go back.
agadashi tofu (appetizer): $6.50
Chinese beef noodle soup: $17
Singaporean style vermicelli noodle: $17
Having the most expensive beef noodle soup EVER in your life: priceless
-------------------------------------------------
This place might be expensive compare to any place in any Chinatown in the world, it is probably the only place you can eat for less than $50/person inside Bellagio.  If you are just hecka tired (from walking all day) or lost all your $$$ but still want some decent food, this is your place inside Bellagio
Funny how they can make regular Asian dishes be so highly priced just b/c it's located in the Bellagio. Still, service was not overwhelmingly special. Decor is pleasant but not enough to crave a revisit. 

Simply our group was way too hungry to battle the buffet lines. Arduous waiting for a table here didn't help either.

3stars b/c at least the meals were hot & filling. Not out of this world spectacular though.
Decor is nice, but it was a 25 minute wait to get in, and the food was only so-so. Way too expensive for the actual quality. 

Recommendation: Get off the Strip and try out Chinatown or somewhere else. Not worth the wait.
This does not require a reservation, and in general, it's relatively easy to get seated -- although it does get busier as the night gets later.  However, even if there is a line, I find that it moves pretty fast, so at least in my book, that makes it a line worth waiting in.  Especially for the food at the other end!

REALLY cool atmosphere, lined floor to ceiling with glass jars of noodles of all different sizes, shapes, and colors.  My only complaints are that it can get a bit loud, and that the seats at the normal tables feel a bit low -- definitely get a booth if you can.

My recommendation is the Yellow Indian Noodles. I know that when you're in Las Vegas you feel obligated to drink alcohol, but if you're at Noodles take a break from the booze and order the fresh soy milk.  You will NOT be disappointed.  Even my friends who don't like soy milk like this stuff.  But if you absolutely won't try it, get the Thai tea instead.  It's potent.

Whatever you do, DO NOT PASS on getting Brazillian Papaya with for dessert.  It is literally a party in your mouth.
I came here randomly with my family before watching O and it was surprisingly tasty. We ordered asahi, shiu mai, chinese broccoli, and hong kong style egg noodles for the four of us (my family eats very very little). Everything was excellent! Very over-priced for Chinese food but what do you expect when you go to Vegas? 

Oh and I loved the decor!
Came in here to meet up with my wife's cousins.  Seating and decor is nice.  It's pretty small.   We tried the pad thai and Spicy Shrimp dish.  I liked both ...  but just a warning they aren't the same way you see in normal restaurants.    So my wife didn't like it as much.   The appetizers we're really tasty.  I wouldn't have minded just eating the appetizers.
i had this plate for an appetizer called "Korean spicy vegetable cold noodle" and i was wondering.. what the HECK could that be? 

well it's neng myun noodles with a side of chojang.  the neng myun has carrot shavings and yelllow squash shaving with peanut crumbles. 
Um yeah. does that sound thai to you or is it just me? 
i don't recall any korean dish with peanuts in it.
they need to get their asians straight.

NOt all asians look alike. nor do their noodles taste the same.

their thai spicy shrimp noodle tasted very clean. but it wasn't as tangy as i'd like.

the cantonese dumpling soup tasted "clean". 

all the noodle soup stuff have a clean taste unlike the original "authentic" dirty asian stuff.
Let me begin by saying that I'm the first to drop any amount of money on great food and wine. It's taken someone way more talented than I will ever be many years of training as well as hard work and skill to create that delicious dish sitting in front of me. And it takes an insane amount of knowledge and a little luck to make a clump of grapes taste like manna from heaven. However, it's silly to pay so much for a commodity that takes zero skill to provide. At Noodles, a Coke is $4.50, hot tea is $7, kimchee is $6. It is the Bellagio, but c'mon people!

3 stars for the food - noodles are pretty plain so you need to use those free (!) condiments on the table to season them yourself (thai shrimp noodles, wonton noodles, abalone congee, gyoza) and 1 star for the priciness factor.
Noodles is a much better choice than any other dim-sum restaurant you'll find in Vegas.  Even my parents who are usually harsh critics of asian restaurants had only good things to say.  Every dim-sum dish was memorable including the halibut congee and pork buns.  The quality was top-notch.  I can only speak for their dim-sum though because I haven't been there for dinner, but if you find yourself standing in a long line for the breakfast or brunch buffet at Bellagio, Noodles is right around the corner. :)
Coming from a Hong Kong background, I found the noodles here surprisingly authentic. Albeit completely overpriced, but when you're paying 10 dollars for a fucking hot dog at a place called Snacks and you don't want to drive 15 minutes to Chinatown, paying an extra 4 more for a good bowl of noodles is a no-brainer. 

Long story short, I love this place. This is the only place I eat when I play poker at the Bellagio. This is the only place my dad eats at too. All their noodle soups are awesome. Wonton noodle soup, Mandarin beef noodle soup, I feel like I'm in Hong Kong again. Except it's slightly nicer and the money is paid in US dollars. Their roti prata is also quite good. 

Reading some of the other reviews, it seems that price is an unforgivable issue. Get over yourselves people. You're in Vegas. It's the Bellagio. Everything is overpriced. If you're staying here and complaining about the price of a coke, maybe you should have stayed at Bill's Casino and Saloon instead.
Saltiest (and most expensive) noodles ever!

For a whopping $13, I got the equivalent of a bowl of noodles that would've cost $4 at a normal noodle shop.  I asked for udon noodles with my Cantonese Dumpling noodles.  Instead, I got egg noodles.  Which was fine, since egg noodles were probably the better choice for a noodle soup with dumplings.  However, I must've downed a whole pitcher of water by the time I was through with the noodles. 

So, one star for the price, messing up my order, and the saltiness that was pervasive in all of their noodle soups.
We never eat Chinese or Japanese in Vegas.  Being from San Francisco there is no need to spend $19 on a chicken dish, when you know you can get it at home for $10.  With that said, I don't know why decided to give Noodles a try.  It's not a full on Chinese restaurant, but had a good offerings on the menu, so in we went.

It's a nicely decorated restaurant.  We ordered some noodles and dumplings - they were not that good.  Most of it was pretty salty.   We haven't been back since.

We did see Alice Cooper dining with his family at a nearby table - that was the highlight.
This place rocks!  The best Roast Pork ever.... and the dim sum is great.  The garlic spinach is wonderful too!  The Pho was also really good.  

There is almost always a line to get in and we found while staying there (at the Bellagio) that it is best to go in the morning at 11:00 am when they first open.  

The food is top notch, top quality and the noodles...  authentic.  Although it is pricey...  $80.00 for a lunch for two..  it was worth every damn dollar.  I have raved about the place to all of my friends.  You should defnitely check this place out.
The fact that it's overpriced is pretty apparent, but their service SUCKS.

Take Cindy, for example, who took care of our party of 9.  For some reason, I think she didn't like me because I wanted warm water.  When I asked for the said item, she responded with "We have tea - jasmine, oolong, etc."  I asked her again, "Do you have warm water?"  She says, "Yes, but we have tea."  OK, I get the fucking point.  You have tea and you're trying to charge me for it, but I don't fucking want it.

Whilst taking my order, Cindy didn't understand when I pointed to what I wanted and specified "chicken."  Because instead, she tells me i can choose from bbq pork, duck, or chicken.  I said, yeah that chicken.  

OK, that wasn't even the worse part.

When she brought back everyone's dishes, my order was missing.  However, she had a two bbq item rice plate in her hand.  I realized the person next to me had switched her order at the last minute, and Cindy the server must have accidentally switched my order.  

Cindy hands me the rice plate and says "Here you go."  I told her, "I didn't order this.  You must have accidentally switched my order out instead of the person next to me."  Cindy responds with, "You don't want this?"  I said, "NO, I didn't order this.  I ordered the poached chicken rice noodle."  Cindy says "Oh." and runs off.

She does indeed come back with the right order, but never offers an apology.  She gave me a fat attitude during the whole damn time.

And the noodles?  Well, I've had better.  And it never cost me $13.50.

I would never recommend Noodles to anyone.
Unless you actually check out the Chinatown part of Vegas on Spring Mountain Road, I have found that the strip does not offer much in terms of decent Asian food.  Everything I have tried to date has been ultra-whitewashed and overly soy-sauced out.

This all recently changed when we discovered Noodles in the Bellagio.  This place has got a vast menu.  The Laksa, Roti Prata and curry dishes we sampled were all authentic and delish.  Coupled with pleasant, hip decor and accommodating hours (open till 2 a.m.)...We actually really enjoyed Noodles.  Probably the only gripe is that the place is atypically pricey for Asian food...but hey it's the Bellagio and nothing is cheap there.

Next time we need an Asian fix when we are in Vegas, we would definitely check out Noodles again.
3.5 for noodles. Maybe a 4 but I'm just kind of tired of it now. Noodles was the best when we first started going here but now its just ok. I always ordered oriental fried rice, spareribs and of course all their noodle options are good. The food is pretty expensive but aren't all the restaurants in hotels? It's worth the try if you're already there, why not?
Way, way overpriced. Sure Vegas is expensive but this place goes beyond overpriced to obscenely overpriced and for just ok food. Not much in way of veggie options and if you ask, it's a flat no, you can't make any changes. 

Tried to ask whether or not the vegetable roll had any meat or seafood in it. I was met with "vegetable roll" and a weird totally fake smile. But does it have any meat in it? "vegetable roll" only a little louder with the fake smile. There's no meat in it? "vegetable roll!" Well, that was helpful. Never mind, I don't need to be eating fried food anyways. Food is also very salty, I was dying of thirst for the rest of the day.
when we're in vegas with the guys, all they want to do is eat steak. i was sick of eating steak and wanted something "light" and asiany. so we went to noodles and was quite amazed at the diversity of the different asian dishes. we ordered dim sum, noodle soups, and a malaysian curry that was just sooo damn good, perfect i would say. 
must.go.again.
Really bad.  Hotel food at its worst.  $13 for wonton noodle soup, and its cramped in a very small bowl.  The service is nice.  So overpriced though.  $7.5 for 5 steamed dumplings?  REALLY?  Go elsewhere!   Whoever wrote the Michelin review knows nothing about food.
This place is an insult to noodles, dumplings and won ton.  

I've had noodles from everywhere from street vendors to trendy restaurants and this place was absolutely the worst.

They even messed up the little things: orders came wrong and dishes were not matching.

The soup was so salty eating here was like torture, and I happen to like salty food.

Eat here only if you are severely deficient in electrolytes.
2 stars... but it's really not all that bad.  I mean it is decent asian food for being in Vegas... but it's pricey for cheapy noodle house style food and with all the other stuff to eat in Vegas... I'm not sure why you would eat here, but say you're in Vegas for like a really long time and you're craving that cheapy asian noodle house style food, then you'd find your fix here.
Looking at the line for the Bellagio buffet, we knew it was either abandon ship for another restaurant or risk starvation.  Little did we know that we'd end up doing both heading over to Noodles.

We had a rather large party (around 10), which definitely is not the size you want for this place (I'd say 6 or so max).  Although we reached the front of the line quickly, we still ended up waiting about half an hour to actually be seated.

It then took a long time for them to take our order.

And longer still for us to even get our waters.

All in all, it just took them a long time to get anything to us.  When it did come, they handed it to the wrong people.  It's kind of a small deal, but c'mon...even Denny's can get that right.  The calamari appetizer was probably the best thing I tried here.  My pho was good, but not exceptional, especially given the exceptional price I was charged for it.

The decor has this great golden feel to it and it has just the right lighting.  Too bad the lackluster service and food drag down the experience.
This is the most expensive asian noodle place that I have ever been to in my life. I guess this is expected since I always lose money at Bellagio and eating here is just another way for them to win my money. I never thought I would be paying $15 for a bowl of beef stew noodles. For that price, I could buy 3 bowls of noodles around my neighborhood or 7-10 bowls of noodles in Taiwan. My girlfriend ordered the beef stew noodles which actually was decent and I ordered the tom yum noodles with shrimp which was about $17. Overall this place is expensive for the food you're actually getting but the taste is alright. I would recommend skipping this place and either pay extra money and eat something a lot better or pay a lot less and just go to a cafe or eat fast food.
True, this place is pricey for noodles, but they are damn good. I always come here every time I am in Vegas even if I am not staying at the Bellagio.

Case in point, last Saturday night after my gf's wedding reception at the Hilton.

We were hungry, so we cabbed it and were seated right away. Yes, the service is rude, but what do you expect from a Chinese run place? They are def not known for their service and I am Chinese. 

On to the food-

Cantonese dumpling soup- pretty good, tasty and light. Clear broth with egg noodles. You get a choice of 4 different noodles, but egg noodles is the best one to go with dumplings.

Beef stew noodle soup- OMG. this is like an orgasm for meat lovers. It came with 4 HUGE ass chunks of stewed beef. The meat was so tender and easy to eat. It had a bit of a kick, mmmmm spicy, just the way I like it. I had it with the big flat rice noodles (chow fun). 

Would I recommed this? Hell yeah. Especially late night after lots of alcohol. Your belly will thank you in the morning.
I thought the decor here was clever. They stacked hundreds of bottles filled with dried noodles all along the shelves. It made for interesting visuals.

The food, on the other hand, is just cheap, over priced Chinese food basically. The pho served here doesn't taste like traditional pho either. Their soup base tasted more like Chinese broth and the rice noodles were chewy. Their fried rice was horrible...$15 for fried rice with barely any vegetables or char siu...what a ripoff. I could have done better myself. Their baby spinach dish along with their chicken curry, which I had to admit were pretty good, were their redemption from a one star rating.
I honestly believe i can serve people instant noodles off the street that taste a lot better then the garbage they serve here. wouldn't be surprised to know that the food they serve ARE instant noodles but horribly fucked up by a "chef" that was born with no taste buds.

And for a place within such a....mega rich high class casino would it hurt you to serve filtered water instead of crap you get from the dish washer...i mean honestly it's only a few bucks extra but it's little things like that gives you them extra points.
The noodle soup here is a bit bland but the dim sum is pretty good.  A bit overpriced so if you are on a budge, I suggest you head over to Chinatown.
Just ate here this past weekend. My group thought the food was ok. I got what the waiter recommended "Pad Thai" and i thought it lack taste.
I think being Vietnamese and all, I would never come here every again.

Hahaha, it's funny when I looked at the menu to find Pho being sold for $15.  Also congee being sold for even more!!  I got the malaysian fried rice and that was $20.  I also got the ox tail soup which I can say was pretty good but it was $10.  My friend got the combination rice which came with roasted duck which was a bit tastey and the soya chicken which came out cold and not very flavorful.

I guess vietnamese or asian food is considered exotic espeically in vegas therefore they feel that they can jack up the prices really high.

I would definately not come here again espcially for the price and the taste wasn't on the authentic side either.
Everytime when my husband and I come to Las Vegas we always try to stop in at Bellagio's and just have lunch or dinner at Noodles.

Being asian we feel if it's a chinese run restaurant you gotta stick with the chinese foods.  Just like you can't expect a chinese chef to cook up some lasagna in a wok.

They have the best tasting noodle dishes around!  We always try to go on a Fri, Sat or Sun because that's when they have the dim sums.

We always order the bbq pork noodle soup with egg noodles.  The soup tastes so delicious.  It's good everytime!

Then we order the spring rolls, the crab and spinach dumplings,the fried shrimp and the shou mai (steamed pork & shrimp dumplings).  The egg custard is great too!

I love the Thai iced tea!  

We have tried other noodle shops around the other hotels but nothing can beat our taste buds for Noodles.

It's a bit pricey but well worth it.  Try going during the days they serve their dim sum.

This ranks #1 on our list, then #2 is Noodle Asia at the Venetian.
I'm surprised at the negative food reviews, since I had a really positive experience at this restaurant.

When we got to the Bellagio, there was a line for the restaurant, but menus were posted so you could read while you waited. And the person in charge of the line was very efficient at seating people.

When we got our table, two of us immediately ordered ridiculous cocktails called White Tigers that might not have technically gone with the Chinese food we ordered, but were nonetheless delightful.

One of the people in our group ordered the pad thai dish people were slagging, and we both liked it. I tell you this, friends, having eaten some pad thai in my day.

My dish was a bean curd with mushrooms and bok choy which is exactly up my alley, especially since it came with white rice that I could just ignore and so had a fighting chance of finishing my food. (The people that order noodles will need to share or take some home.) 

The bean curd (like fried tofu pieces) and shiitake mushrooms were great, and they cooked the bok choy like you're supposed to, so they're still tender-crisp instead of being overcooked into little puddles of limp green sadness.

After my cocktail I ordered coffee, which might have been The Best Cups Of Coffee I've Ever Had. I wouldn't shut up about it for the rest of the day. 

Considering we're talking about Las Vegas, the prices were typical. Maybe we made lucky food choices, but we enjoyed ourselves!
Not so bad.  Beef Stew with noodles was yummy and my Taiwanese friend said she could taste the medicine that's supposed to be infused in the broth, which is a good thing, right? Hmmm.  Next time, I'm getting it with the udon noodles so I can satisfy my need for "que-que."  Duck was really good too, but the Hong Kong noodles were no bueno - too much salt.  Our server was also Formosan so after chatting with my friend in their home dialect , she hooked us up with free drinks. Yay~ Hence, I recommend you bring ur token Taipei friend along for better service. Kekeke~
We came here after a Celine Dion show and just wanted something quick and simple.  After you get over the initial shock of paying 15 bucks for a bowl of won ton noodle soup, you realize the food is pretty good here.  For Las Vegas, I would have to say this is as good as it gets for this type of food.  I'm sure others will disagree with me on this one but we really liked it despite the high prices.
We rolled in here about 10 pm on Christmas Day night.
Spendy compared to normal Chinese food - on par for what you pay for on the strip in a nice hotel.

The noodles were good - hot as hell (which I like - too hot for my dining companion) the Garlic Beef with Veggies and something else - was decent, and the fried rice was good too.

I have to say, I was a lil surprised to walk out of there over $50 for two for food without cocktails.  Service was good, they were really busy, and I wouldn't rule out ever going there again, but next time it should be in the middle of the night, right after I won a ton of money.
After a crazy fun night in Vegas, I felt completely obligated to do something about my painfully blistered feet ( trust me this leads to the reason I came to Noodles).  So I headed to the closest nail spa to my hotel,  where the seemingly crazy woman who swore that the 80 dollar treatment she was about to do give my distressed footsies, was going to make walking in my shoes that night 10 times easier, only after she insisted she needed to add another 20 bucks to my treatment because my feet were just THAT effed up! 
So after a few minutes of my "ultimate feet pampering" I dont know why, but I felt the need to ask this crazy woman where was a good place to have lunch on the strip, without having her send me to a burger joint.  So she suggested Noodles @ the Bellagio.  So first thing I think.....Bellgio? Expensive? then I think......whatever, its vegas, everythings expensive.

So I head there for lunch, and upon arrival, before your server even comes to your table, you are offered a small plate of dim sum, which we accepted, and it was absolutely deelish,  we then order a large sapporo ( which I love cuz its totally share-able) we shared a noodle plate which was a great idea because it was huge,  I was overall very pleased with everything, great place for lunch in Vegas.
One can only have $o much La$ Vega$ $tyle $morga$boardga$m all you can eat goodne$$ buffet type of meal, e$pecially if you are da hardcore $hiznit A$N and or gang$ta a$$ gambla.

$o thi$ i$ where Noodle$ at the Bellagio come$ in, to $ati$fy that comfort food craving among$t A$N gamblaz of all $hape$ and $ize$. $ince A$N P33P$ tend to move (and gamble) at killer pace$ (get rich quick) one cannot afford to leave the $trip for a bite and lose momentum. Or if you are just vi$ting and need some authentic A$N flava without cabbing it to the mini Chinatown complex then Noodle$ i$ it.

Review is based on two visit$, one in 2001, and another in 2002. Bring a ultra $ick & thick wallet, your jackpot wining$, poker chip$, or a credit card. The Cantone$e fare i$ nicely repre$ented here. A mi$h ma$h of everything you can think of, from $tir fry rice and noodle plate$, noodle $oup$, to the cla$$ic HK $tyle roastie$ like cha $hu, roa$t duck.

In a $en$e you pay for the interior, decor, a$ well a$ the food and the almost triple in$ane markup. Way more pricey than airport fare (double.5?), but ea$ily $urpa$$ing any Chinatown. Be$t of all it i$n't some A$IAN FU$ION crap joint (aka FU$HIT). Perhap$ the Thai, Malay, $ingaporean, Vietname$e portion of the menu are not exactly repre$ented, but for the Canto $hizzle they do a damn good bang up job.

Maybe $15 for chow kuei teow ($ingaporean fried ho fun) is $illy at $trait$ Re$taurant in Atlanta or SF Bay Area, but for $ome rea$on I woudln't mind paying the $$ for thi$ here if the choice$ were between only the two (arguably Noodle$ might charge $25......) Perhap$ thi$ place i$ more authentic? OK you didn't just read all that. My A$N Cheapne$$ p33p$ will di$own me for paying that much for a plate o' $treet $tyle munch.


I look forward to returning $omeday, but I u$ed up all my $$$$ for thi$ review and can no longer afford to eat here.
Very friendly and professional staff.  Food is good, and the wine list is deep for this type of place.

Expensive, yes, but anyone who complains about prices at a five diamond resort in Vegas, on the strip, has either A.) never been to Vegas, or B.) never been to a five diamond resort.  My shrimp dumpling noodle soup dish was $13.50, only a slight markup to the same dish at comparable places (example:  Zao in Palo Alto, and Long Life at Stanford Shopping Center).  

When you level five acres of the most expensive real estate in the world for a LAKE, for crying outloud (Bellagio's lake on the strip), you can justify a few more bucks for Pho in your restaurants.
Pricey for Chinese food, but  it's in the Bellagio so it's no surprise.  Plus, they're open till 2am so you're paying for convenience too.

I always order the same thing but it's a good combination and I can't seem to stray from it.  Edamame is nothing special, but at $7.50 it's probably one of the most expensive edamames out there.  Spicy Cucumber is really really good too.  It's more like a Korean kimchee style and I don't get how they get the cucumber so consistantly  crunchy, sweet, and spicy but again, it's expensive..  I think it was about $7 or $8 for a SIDE DISH..  

My favorite all-time dish here is the braised beef & tendon soup with egg noodles.  The meat is cook well and is very tender, the egg noodles are thin and delicate, a really good combination, but the broth is a little too soy saucey.  

Good food at incredibly high prices and the place to go for chinese food at late hours.
for this small little place i was surprised they were wheeling around dimsum and stuff.  i thought this place would be authentic because they spoke cantonese and had dim sum carts but its vegas and looks are deceiving.  alas it was only so so.

i got the dumpling soup with egg noodles.  we shared the mini bok choy which they charged us $14.50 for.  the big normal bok choy is $7.50.  the dumplings were ok.  not authentic at all.  the mein was ok as well.  i have had better.  the bok choy had dirt in it.

after a night of party soup noodles definitely hit the spot though.  we each had a bowl of noodles and shared the vegetables.  total bill $60.  god sometimes i hate vegas
stood in line for a long time for what mediocre chines food...service was aite...can't believe this place is still open...don't come here, its not so great...
What a pleasant surprise, we came to Noodle because a friend highly recommended it.  We had the two variations of Pad Thai and an assortment of Dim Sum. The food at Noodle was very delicious and the restaruant itself was very cute with decorations of noodles all along the shelves. I forget the prices so it probably wasn't that bad. No complaints from me!
Noodles provided satisfying eats for our first night in Vegas. We waited about 20 minutes for a table around 7:30 pm. The line for tables was somewhat long but thankfully moved quickly.

Once seated, we started with cocktails. My tangerine mojito was delicious and one of the top 5 mojitos I've ever had (and, believe me, I have sampled a lot of mojitos!). My brother had the Funky Monkey which was a banana-y pina colada concoction that was delivered in a plastic coconut shell. My dad stuck with a glass of New Zealand wine.

All of the different asian-y options on the menu looked delicious and tempting. We started with the vegetarian egg rolls and pork pot stickers. Both were hot, served with great sauces, and super. Next, we had the tom yum thai shrimp noodle soup. It was lighter than what we'd expected but yummy with lots of ginger and porcini mushrooms. Finally, we had the chicken pad thai, sweet and sour shrimp, and steamed vegetables. Recounting this, it sounds like a ton of food for 3 people (and I thought so at the time too) but we finished just about every last morsel. The portions were reasonable but not huge. The veggies were pretty ordinary and required soy sauce but the pad thai and sweet and sour shrimp were perfect! Now, my brother and I were fueled up for the night ahead at Tryst...
This is absolutely one of my very places to visit in Vegas, I come to town a couple times a year and I never miss it! I'm not Asian, so I certainly can't say whether or not it is authentic, but I can say for sure that it is damn tasty!
I prefer to visit for Dim Sum, which is like a Chinese-brunch, and is served on the weekends from 11-2. We usually order a botte of wine or sake, a noodle or rice dish, and then just pick and choose whatever looks yummy on the carts that travel by every few minutes. The pork dumplings, shrimp balls, and BBQ pork buns are all amazing!!!
There always seems to be a line when I come here, but it is always worth the wait!
It was the third day away from NYC food in combination of eating Vegas style steak+eggs-ish meals .... Noodles really hit the spot, even at $15 a small bowl of noodle soup (which would easily cost $3.75 in NYC chinatown).

The food here isn't your typical Americanized chinese take-out.  Believe me, there is NO SUCH THING as sweet & sour pork or general tso's chicken in real chinese cuisine....  Noodles is on par in terms of taste.  If a restaurant can make money, have customers return, and write good reviews by serving food with 800% mark-up, bravo to you, seriously.  And for that, I refuse to give more than 2stars for such an establishment. 

The only complaint I had was the bowls were rather small compare to what I'm use to (Universal order of #1 at any Viet pho restaurant.... Taiwanese noodle shops... or even Korean naengmyun noodle bowls), and they don't give you much broth.  

Being that I was pretty sick of buffet foods and rich french (Vegas-style) cuisine easily price at $40+ per person, paying $15 a bowl of noodles was fulfilling.

PS - my Chinese parents would have died and hit themselves in the face with bokchoy and hot sauce if they knew I spent $50+ for a bowl of duck noodle soup, chicken congee, and roti canai.  Seriously, yo.
I was going to give this place a 2 star rating, because there's nothing that was worth wild. The price were crazy high, the food cost about $.25 to make and charges you up the nose!!=P But I gave it a 3 star, because there was something memorable...it was their appetizer dish...OXTAIL SOUP! that was superb!! so i bumped it up a star!=)
Great food, great service, nice ambience, and reasonable prices (for the Strip). So far, this is the best Chinese restaurant I've found on the strip in a resort.
We were quite tired after our drive from SoCal, so we decided to eat at the Bellagio, where we were staying for a few nights. The "cheapest" thing we could find here was this Asian restaurant named...Noodles.

At 15 bucks for something like chow mein, you're paying for the decor or something else, certainly not the food. Rows and rows of dried noodles were on display on the shelves.

Even with my parents paying our tab, our hands were tied from being thrifty folks, so we tried finding some of the cheaper things on the menu. This meant things like the Signature Premiere Rice..

...which was bland fried rice despite the bits of pineapples and raisins they stuck in there.

The Signature Chow Mein Mandarin Noodles with Barbeque Pork was surprisingly good, although the dish was a bit heavy on the onions. The noodles were thick and tasty.

And the Yaki Udon with Chicken was just average, on the salty side, and heavy on the bell peppers, although I liked the texture of the noodles themselves.

The chicken slices were quite large in this dish.

These three dishes cost about 50 bucks and barely fed three adults and two young kids. When you're stuck in a Vegas casino and you've got few options, a place like Noodles is a decent place to get overpriced food. Otherwise, get in a car or taxi and head over to Vegas Chinatown for better Asian food.

Full review and photos are on my blog.
We loved this place & so do many of our friends.  Fast service, super fresh asian noodle dishes.  We can't wait to get back to Vegas & eat here again.
The place is clean and one of the nicest Asian restaurants I've been to with the huge solid tables and the environment is well done.

Value of food is very bad.  Tried their $27 signature rice (pineapple fried rice) and $26 mongolian beef and some $13-15 vegetable dish.  At that price (3-4x what it normally costs), you'd expect something great, but it was worse than the average chinese restaurant's food.

Food came out quick, but service lacked in general.  Water was never refilled and the way the order was taken felt like a mom/pop shop restaurant.

I don't recommend.
Ok I was skeptical coming here due to the authenticity factor and living in San Gabriel, land of so much great Chinese food, but alas it was a nice experience. We came for lunch because deb wanted some of her people's food. We ordered the beef stew noodle, green bean in XO sauce and Hainan chicken. Also we got two orders of dim sum, egg custard and a pork/shrimp dumpling. It is true this place is way high priced compared to our area ($18 dish here would be about $5-6) but it is Vegas and we ARE in the Bellagio so go with it and just enjoy. The server spoke Chinese and she asked if we wanted the food "Asian" style...bone in the chicken and tendon in the soup, I guess they actually take the time to use it for flavor but then remove it for the majority of the folks who come here, I mean didn't you all know white people don't like bones....lol....So the best part of the experience was watching people order the weirdest stuff and just thinking no wonder you don't like the food you are ordering stuff from various countries and don't even know it. One table had edemame with pad thai noodles, another table got the typical "orange" fish and beef with broccoli, and a third had some strange noodle thing, why are white people so funny?....the point is this place actually has authentic food just a bit high in price but the flavors were all great, I will be back.
Went here with my mom when she visited while I was here on my first leg of work in Vegas. It was very pricey so we got a bunch of appetizers so that we wouldn't end up with a meal we didn't like. We had the pot stickers, some shrimp skewers, calamari, and satay. Everything was good yet the portions for the price were very small! The satay also tasted a bit funny and wasn't the best I've had. The service was OK, nothing special. I think I'll try another restaurant rather than come back here.
Guess from reading all the other reviews that  I am in the minority by giving them 5 stars.  Most of the other lower ratings are because of their prices.  Although I agree that their prices are high I think it's still worth it.  I eat here regularly when I an in Las Vegas, 4-5 times a year, and I've never had a bad dish.  The service can get slow at times if you wait for them to come to you, but remember this is a Chinese restaurant, just wave at them or call out to them and they come over right away.  I've had a variety of dishes here and the food is always fresh, well prepared and you get plenty.  I like their roast duck.  I always order it boneless, this way I get breast meat which I think is the best part.  I could go on and on but I don't like witting long reviews.  Again, the prices are not that bad for Las Vegas.
My go-to chinese fix in Vegas. Potstickers, sesame chicken, thai iced tea.

Best hangover cure there is. Quick service, excellent, quality food, gets a five star rating from me.
I would recommend Noodles, for what else? NOODLES!

Reading some of the other reviews, makes me wonder, are these folks stupid or what? Commenting about the mediocre dim sum, pineapple fried rice, blah blah blah. Whoever orders pineapple fried rice should be hung right on the spot, period. And you don't go for dim sum at a place called noodles. Go to a place called dim sum. IDIOT!

As for the chinese food, it isn't the most authentic fare out there but this isn't chinatown, it's the Bellagio and it's GOOD. The oxtail is delicious. My favorite noodle dish is the brisket, tendon, beef stew noodle soup w/ chow fun noodles. The salt and pepper prawns are large, crispy and very tasty. The duck was the best I've had in a very long time. It was a small portion but it was so damn juicy. I could've sucked on that duck all day. 

After a night of losing in the casino, come in by 2 am and drown your sorrows in a bowl of delicious noodles. NOODLES! not fricken dim sum or pineapple fried rice.
I give it a four b/c the Hainese rice dish I ordered reminded me of living in Singapore, so THAT's a  big plus in my book.  It tasted EXACTLY the way I remembered it.  If I could bottle that recipe and put it in my pocket, I'd be all over that.

I just found it a liiiiiittle pricey for what we ate.

But then again, it IS in the Bellagio, so I can't bitch too much.
We waited in line, which i thought showed a good sign that this Noooooodles Restaurant was good. Boy was I WRONG! Tired from all the activities in the Bellagio, I was looking forward to a good meal, I did not get it here. The food was not great, I wonder if I was eating a restaurant that didn't know they served bad food. I wanted to take my food to go and give to a needy person on the street. Never again, even if i hit the big $$$ in the casino.
I must preface this by saying we only ate here because we were starving and everything else in the hotel closed to prepare for dinner.  

When I walked in, I thought the place looked promising seeing the decanters of dried noodles (which ok, follows the decor) but then i realized that these dried noodles probably leave their decanters and actually make it to our plates!  Not really, but I thought with a name called noodles, it would taste well homemade.  Boy was I mistaken.

We started our meal off with the potstickers.  I've had better from Ling's that I make myself and for $15, it was bad.  Then, I started sipping my $4 ice tea.  $4 for what tasted like used bathwater.  Yuck,

We then choked down the sweet and spicy noodles, which after dressing up with some soy sauce and more hot sauce didn't taste that bad.  But, for $50 for lunch, you can say Overratted.
I eat here every time I stay at the Bellagio and I am never disappointed! Be prepared to wait in line because this place is almost always packed. They offer the most authentic Chinese food in the area and I love everything they serve, especially their garlic stir fried vegetables. This isn't on the menu so just ask for it [:
Las Vegas - much less the Bellagio - would be the very last place I would think of if I was in the mood for jook. But lo and behold, among the five-dollar-sign eateries in the elaborate casino is a semi-reasonably priced noodle house. By no means is this in the same class as Picasso or Le Cirque. It's a place for the rest of us, the ones who forked over a hundred bucks to see Cher across the street at Caesar's Palace and didn't want to sink the rest of our savings on a meal we were too tired to enjoy anyway.

This being Vegas, it's a lot nicer and contemporary than your standard noodle joint. It has rows of jars filled with all sorts of dried noodles set against a lighted wall - lest you make a mistake that this is not a noodle joint. We were served right away at about 9:30 on a Saturday evening, and the waiter was super-attentive. Jamie and I shared an $8 basket of five Shui Mai...pretty good and in need of the mustard sauce to spice them up (see my photo). Jamie went for the $18 plate of Spicy and Sweet Noodles with Chicken - which impressed us with the heft of the poultry pieces (see my photo).

But on my own, I decided to try their Congee Chicken - a smallish bowl with iddy-biddy chicken bits and scallions (see my photo). Not the best jook I ever had but it was nice balm for my then-sore throat. I thought the price was high at $13 - but it did hit the spot at a time when I least expected to have some comfort porridge. We got out of there for a little over fifty bucks, which does seem ridiculous, but hey, this is Vegas. I should be happy I got away with my shirt intact.

FOOD - 4 stars...jook in the land of over-plenty? who da thunk it?
AMBIANCE - 4 stars...such a clean noodle joint
SERVICE - 4 stars...quite attentive and responsive
TOTAL - 4 stars...hey, we all can't afford the like of Michael Mina and Todd English
We must have gone here like 3 times in one weekend. One of our friends was obsessed with this place. She must have gone here 6 times in 3 days. The manager even started talking to her and commented about how many times she's stop by. The food was hit or miss, but the few things that were good reminded me of a Taipei cafe. Some of the stuff was very authentic. The prices were high, but that's going to happen pretty much anywhere in Vegas. I think it's worth a trip back sometime. YUM!
This place was suprisingly pretty good, they had dim sum and other  typical chinese plates. The Thai Iced tea was pretty bomb too!!!  A pretty good experience, not off the charts, but if I'm at the Bellagio again I wouldn't mind going here.
Noodles at the Bellagio ????
Ok, I'm game.. and I was pleasently suprised.  The beef noodle soup was pretty good.  Not the best I've had, but better than what I was expecting.  
Saw the dim sum carts weaving around the tables but didn't trying anything, maybe next time.
The food was good, service was expected, thought it was a little overpriced for some noodles.  But then again, it's the Bellagio, not some hole-in-the-wall place in chinatown.
To sum it up, if I was at the Bellagio and was hungry, I'd go there again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Wow... for the amount of time we spent in line, this was just mediocre. I usually have incredibly good experiences at anything/everything in the Bellagio, but this is perhaps my least favorite place to eat in the Bellagio - note, it was still good... just not as good as everything else. 

The service was a bit slow & there is little to no seating inside. The food was ok, the dim sum was a bit disappointing. Overall, pricey for what you're getting.
Somehow Asian food just works at night...Noodles is inside the maze of the Bellagio and it's pretty large. Service is ok, but it's sorta expensive. Like $18 for HK style noodles. Given how complex it is to get in and out of hotels, and if you are craving asian food late at night, I'd go to Noodles....
As a not so bright sounding fellow once said....
"These are really good noodles" - Keanu Reeves in The Matrix.

Like all successful casinos Bellagio also caters to the Asian Population. Let me tell you they are very good at it. They even have a Sunday morning Dim Sum. I wish all asian restaurants were this nice & clean & perfect inside. (Please note my opinions are subjective) Then again does it really matter because I keep going to all the other places anyways. One of  the best things about this place is every dish or soup comes with your choice of type of noodle. I personally love the Dan Dan Noodle. It is a great place to go & eat when you are playing poker late night. I think it is the last place to get food late night. No that's wrong actually that was before the days of the Nightclubs and Fix. Never been a fan of that place though because I always felt like my dinner was getting window shopped by nosey passer-byers.
Oh, yeah, it's Chinese food alright.  Pretty authentic - hey the chefs and wait staff are all Chinese / Cantonese.  
Just had the beef chow fen, and it taste exactly like the $10 one I get in CA... but it cost me $23.  
Oh well, it's in Bellagio, with people gambling with $25 chips, so I guess that kind of price cannot be avoided.
Review based on 20+ visits.

Although the food here isn't amazing, it's pretty good. You'll find a lot of food here that you won't anywhere else in Vegas. This place is pretty much run by Asian people, so a lot of the diners here are actually Asian people as well. Waitresses usually speak both Mandarin and Cantonese, and of course English. So even if you come with your non-English speaking parents, you won't get into a mess with ordering. Asians have a hard time adapting to fancy food, so this place is very comfortable to eat at. The price is bit high, but it's Vegas. If you're complaining about the prices, why are you in Vegas in the first place? Walk down the street to a McDonald's or something. Most of the dishes here are pretty authentic tasting, though some do have a modern or 'American' touch to them. Don't expect their iced teas to taste like the Asian cafe type! They're still the unsweetened American restaurant version. The decor is pretty cool. Just lit up walls with shelves of different types of dry noodles in glass jars. Also very clean! Waits are usually no more than 30 minutes from my experiences, though sometimes I see some pretty long lines.

Overview:
Great Asian food, especially for Vegas.
Modern decor. Nice utensils and plating. Well-lit restaurant. Very clean!
Run by Asian people. Waitresses speak Cant + Mand + Eng.
Pricey, but not fine-dining pricey. Normal by Vegas standards.
Waits are usually no more than 30 minutes at most hours of the day.
An excellent Chinese restaurant at a beautiful casino in Vegas. It's a bit pricier than your usual Chinese restaurant, but you're on the strip and in the casino, so expect to pay a bit more!  Plus, the waitresses actually greet you and provide some decent customer service! 

The menu is pretty extensive, offering a variety of dim sum items, soups, seafood and rice dishes. We ordered the won ton soup, lap cherng (chinese sausage) fried rice and curry chicken and all the dishes were tasty! 

The decor is beautiful as well, with jars of ingredients laid out on the walls. It's a friendly restaurant with a friendly staff. I would totally recommend that you check out this place! :)
Came here after a night of partying, and it was exactly what we needed.
We ordered noodles and had a feast on their dimsum items, which were exceptionally good.

I ordered the beef noodles, and i thought overall, most of the noodles were just OK. nothing spectacular. The high rating is mostly for the dimsum, absolutely incredible.
Friday early afternoon and dim sum was on the menu.

Before I go on, Let my preface my review with...  I'm far from a dim sum aficionado.  I've eaten only once with a friend and liked it.  Not coincidently, my one and only prior experience with dim sum was at Noodles. 

The doors opened at 11:00 AM, and I arrived at exactly 11:00 AM (I had work at 12:00 noon).  I explained to my waitress and the women manning the fried and steamed dim sum carts that I'm green in terms of my dim sum experience and I'd like their help.  I was given 3 or 4 items from each cart (ranging from $4 - $7 each) and left to my own devices.  Unfortunately, I cannot tell you what I was given, but I can tell you that enjoyed it all immensely, especially 2 or 3 of the items.  I left at 11:45 happy and only $40 lighter in the wallet.

My friend who introduced me to dim sum told me that now that I have a taste for it he'll take me to a dim sum restaurant that will trump Noodle, easily.  Having heard that I'll give Noodles 4 stars, 5 stars if after I eat at the  other restaurant I prefer Noodles over it.  i'll definitely be back.
its always good to have some Chinese food after a few buffets...

came here for lunch... food is pricy for chinese food and dim sum... but i came here on comps... so it didnt matter...

the salmon cold noodle was superb... apart from that... everything is just slightly about average...
Located inside the Bellagio, this place is awesome, great food, very fresh meat and veggies. Always impressed, right down to the premium teas! Bring a fat wallet, you won't leave disappointed, besure to try the lechon de leche(suckling roast pig).
I loved it.  Being in Las Vegas, and not having some good ol' greasy chinese noodles was making me sad.  My husband and I were walking along and BAM.  Tried it, loved it!  I ordered Shanghai Noodle Cake, and my husband ordered XO sauce noodle with shrimp, which was OKAY.  But my noodle cake dish was SO YUMMMMMMMY!

It was nice seeing the good ol' chinese servers.  Most of Las Vegas has makeup and is all fake looking.  But here, the servers are regular chinese looking workers, haha!

Love it!
Round 2...

Noodle's was dim sum for me up until I tried Elite Restaurant in Los Angeles.  It pains me to type it, but Noodle's is a water downed version of dim sum meant not to frighten off the typical hotel guest.  Where was my variety of flavors and textures? Where were my chicken feet and jelly fish?  Not at Noodle's.  I'll eat here again, but I'll expect less.  Sad (tears dripping into my miso soup).
Went to Noodles for lunch while staying at the Bellagio. 

First thing I noticed was the decor which looked very nice.
  
We were a party of three and ordered three dishes plus an appetizer but we only managed to finished three out of four.

Prices were higher than expected but portions were very big so it was ok.

Pros: They had a variety of Asian dishes (Thai, Chinese, Japanese, etc...) which I  thought it was great.

Overall, I believe service was great and the food tasted original.
This is a busy, busy restaurant and for good reason!

It isn't a large spot, many tables are set close together to accomodate as many parties as possible.  It's crowded but not uncomfortable.  The settings are nice, the decor is tasteful and well done.  Everything thing seems clean and well maintained - something very important to me. Even when a bustle you can hear your company, so that's good.  Pleasant restaurant to spend lunch in.

The wait staff was nice.  From the attentive, quiet but nice waiter to the dim sum cart women - we were served in a timely, nice fashion.  Don't expect or a chatty server but the job is done and done right.  Something I appreciate in a busy restaurant.

I had the pork buns from the dim sum chart.  It was perfectly done and the pork was sweet, savory and I couldn't help but eat 2!  I ordered the chicken curry.  It came in a soup type dish, cute presentation.  It was soooooo good!  Amazing flavors, a little spicy and honestly the best curry I've had.  The chicken just fell off the bone and I ate every last bit.

The amazing food was well complimented by the cute decor and nice staff.  I will definately go again when in Vegas!
very yummy!!!!!  i could eat here every single day and never tire of it.  little on the spensy side, but very large portions.  i suggest maybe splitting an entree, but definitely fill up on appetizers!

minus one star for no free refills!!!  what the hell is that about?  it's vegas!!!!
The thai iced tea and sesame chicken is still top notch. The mai tai's are ridiculously strong and will hit you like a sack of wet hammers. I came here twice in a week, left satisfied both times. Still a Vegas staple for me.
You know when you're about to eat at the Bellagio, first thing that comes to mind is "I'm gonna be fatter, but my wallet will be skinnier". Noodles is probably one of the cheaper venues at the Bellagio, but still overpriced for what we ordered. Paying $4+ for shrimp dumplings (hao gaw) is absurd, but hey, it's Vegas. I shared a $15 bowl of beef noodle soup with my friend and it was plentiful. The noodles were...well...noodles; There was only one piece of beef chuck and the rest were tendons; And the soup had a nice kick (hits the spot after a nasty hangover). It's a good place to visit if Chinese food is your comfort food, but I wouldn't be sad if I never came here again. I say give it a try one time if you're staying on the strip, but no need to go out of your way.
yep. this place is busy. because it is super good!

decor is really nice. they have jars full of uncooked noodles everywhere!!!the food is really good. this is one of those restaurants u look at the menu and everything looks good and u dont know what to order!!! 

here are some of my favorites
century egg appetizer
any of the vegetables
taiwanese beef noodle (the broth is soooo good and meat is really soft)
hainanese chicken
thai noodle

if you actually gamble at bellagio, you might not know but the high limit lounge serves food from noodles! everything noodles makes is all around good and i def. recommend this place to everyone!
For a restaurant in Vegas, and in Bellagio of all places, the prices werent too bad. Couldve easily charged at least a few more bucks a plate and still have a line out the door.

That said, the food was ok. Not amazing, but not unedible neither.  Just ok. 

Would I go back? Probably - I want to try more of the noodles. You'd think that wouldve been the logical choice of dish. Nope not for me. I practically ate everything that wasn't a noodle dish. Whoops.

But who can blame me? I was drunk. (we are talking Vegas after all)
So we cut a hole in Todd English's face and pretended to be him.  Is that a reason to give us mean looks from your table?  We behaved ourselves for the other couple and they didn't like us either.  Whatever, I didn't like them but I did like Noodles.  I can't remember what we ordered but it was super yummy.  The waitress kind of lied though.  "Is this dish spicy?"  Waitress, "Oh not spicy, no spicy."  Liar!  I spiced my ass off with that dish.  That dish had hot Asian spice up to its nuts.  

Ok so the place is in the Bellagio but it's really not that expensive.  I didn't cry when I got the bill.  Sure it's an Asian place in a hotel.  Yeah I know, Asian food, what does that mean, what kind of Asian?   Sure for the Chinese dishes you could just go to Chinatown but I'm serious, this place wasn't bad! AND it's open late!
Place has a nice ambiance, a nice feel to it. I liked the jars of ingredients and its calm, hip tone to the restaurant. Fresh from playing cards from Caesars, my buddies wanted some asian noodles in the bellagio. The wait to get in was about 20-30mins. I wasn't pissed at line to get in (other people in the line were, especially a group of trekkies?) 

I mean its Vegas and gamblers have to eat sometime? 

So, we sat down ordered and I decided to go with some spicy chicken noodle dish. It was quite hot and spicy when I tasted it. It took a total of 5 mins for them to muster it up. I was shocked at the cooking times of this noodle joint and I think I knew why.... Because 10mins after my meal, I could not hold it down. I spent prolly the next hour in the casino's well maintained bathrooms. I was hurling my brains out and spewing chunks. 

This was one of the worst food experiences.
If I were to rate this place just on the dish I had, I would have given it a 3 but I'm pretty sure I just accidentally ordered a side dish as my entree. I ordered beef chow mein and the noodles were rather bland but I think I ate every piece of beef on the plate. The service here is really cool. It's a really busy restaurant but it's not huge so the serving staff will help each other out if you need something. What won this place over for me was the dessert. It was awesome to find an authentic Asian dessert right on the strip. Maybe I was just in the mood for it but the mango sticky rice dessert was delicious! They score half of a mango, just like my mom did for me when I was a kid. I don't know where they could possibly get such sweet fruit on the strip but I was scraping the peel with my lower teeth after I ate all the squares. At the time I went, everyone else was dressed in business attire so I'm sure it's perfect for people who work in the area. I would still feel comfortable taking a family here though. I'll be back to try another entree next time.
I'm from San Francisco, so I'm used to amazing noodles and Chinese food in general. The smells coming from the restaurant were great. Sadly when I got my dish, a shanghai style noodle soup, it wasn't great. Very little flavor and the meat wasn't cooked to my liking. Worth a try if you're willing to risk it.
Chinese food here is alright. It's a go to place if you want something somewhat cheap in Bellagio and late at night.
So after some pretty bad dining experiences this time around. Sunday we passed by Noodles. I had been wanting to try this place for a while and was sold when i saw they had dim sum on sundays. 

It took a while to be seated but it was worth the wait. My boyfriend, friend and I got some dimsum. We didnt get to try as much as we would have liked and it was almost over, but what we did get to try was fantastic!! Way better than expected.

The food was okay. We ordered veggie spring rolls which were good but i've had better. We also got the mongolian beef and some chicken friend rice. All yummy but by no means the best.

If you are looking for dim sum on a sunday i highly recommend this place but if you are looking for some tasty chinese food you would probably have better luck at Chonois in Caesars.
I like this place!! I thought the food was fresh and service was great!!  I don't think the price was really that bad if you compare it to other hotels restaurants.  The place looked cool too
Very nice place. Food was very good and they had a lot of variety. Not too expensive, but not cheap either.

There was a long wait to get a table and staff wasn't too friendly at times.
I love this place!  The beef noodles here are amazing.  friends ordered some thai stuff that was great too.
I don't know about anything else but the noodle soups here are very good especially the wonton noodle with bbq pork yum! I've even took the taxi to Bellagio if I am staying at a different hotel. Price is reasonable considering it is in the Bellagio. Right next to pai gow tables and I love me some pai gow.
For being in the Bellagio, the dishes were very sub-par.

I live in the Bay Area, so I do speak with bias - I can easily find the same quality dish for half the price, within walking distance from my apartment in Berkeley. 

Some of the dishes were bland. Overall, the food was mediocre. 
The price is reasonable - for Vegas.
The food at Noodles are good.  I wouldn't call it fusion, they are more towards chinese food from southeast asia (Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand).

It reminded me of food that I can get back home, except for the price.
But of course, it's at the Bellagio so that's normal.

We had potstickers and egg rolls for appetizers. The potstickers were tasty and egg rolls crunchy.  For entrees, we had the seafood congee and stir fry noodles with XO lobster sauce. The XO noodles were a little too peppery but still were very yummie!!

This is a good place for breakfast/ lunch/ brunch. It is a small restaurant and it does get crowded, so plan ahead.  The decor was also cute I thought, the wall on one side of the restaurant was covered by glass jars of different types of dry noodles. See pictures.  What a nice touch!
I really really wanted to love Noodles, but I came away from the meal just thinking it was ok.

In all fairness, we didn't study the menu very well, we were tired and hungry, so we just ordered stuff we would order at home. We ordered shrimp chow mein and a bbq pork and duck plate. The chow mein was fairly good, but I thought it was lacking some flavor. And it only had 4 shrimp in it which was disappointing. The pork/duck plate was really good. The pork was very tender, not dry at all. The duck was not as greasy as you might expect. Unlike the chow mein, both had a lot of flavor.

We both ordered drinks too. I got the White Tiger martini and my bf got the Zombie drink. Now if you order this drink and the server advises "this is a big drink, is that ok", she/he doesn't mean its just bigger than say a martini. She/he means that you could probably share it with another person, and it comes in a bowl with a flame in the middle. Craziness.

The bill was just under 115 with tip. On the expensive side for what we got, but we knew that going in. Its defintely not a must eat place for me, but I might go back to try another noodle dish sometime.
Good for real Chinese food in a Casino, but $18 for Roast Duck and Cha Siew on Rice?  FAIL.
4 stars for being able to get a tasty and good-sized portion of spicy Malaysian Chicken Fried Rice, late afternoon without leaving Bellagio. Soaked up some of the day's excess alcohol wonderfully.

A star off for having to pay Bellagio prices for the above.
I am from the Bay Area and you know here at the Bay are Chinese restaurants. This is the best noodles I ever had. I tried the beef and also the wonton noodles they are perfect. There is a reason for a long line. It was worth the wait. Best....
Being Chinese, I am a pretty discerning dim sum connoisseur. The dim sum here is pricey and SMALL. However, I had some XO green beans that were OUTTA this world. The Dan dan noodles were also good, but pricey. I ate a few dishes of dim sum (2) and two side entrees and my bill was $60 (oh yeah.. two sodas). I think this was the most pricey dim sum I ever ate.
Always come here whenever we goto Bellagio.  I was so happy that they now have dim sum.  I love dim sum on those metal carts....I also ordered the seafood noodle soup.  The noodles were soooo good.  Can't wait to come here again
I was in Las Vegas for the Pacqiao vs. Cotto fight and happened to meet my friends for breakfast at this place.

According to the name of the place and what I have seen online, this place is supposed to be a "noodle house." Now, I didn't get around to any noodles because it was breakfast time... so being half Chinese myself, I ordered Chinese breakfast... aka Dim Sum.

As far as Dim Sum goes, they had everything I could have wanted:
   - Pork Siu Mai
   - Shrimp Siu Mai
   - Har Gow
   - Sio Pao
   - Chicken Feet (gross to Americans, delicacy for Asians)

Everything was nicely prepared and tasted excellent... especially the Chicken Feet. I guess my only complaint would be that it is a little pricey (due to the number of people in our group) and that the Dim Sum was a little small in size. But as far as Dim Sum goes, the price is really going to be determined by how hungry you are since you order each item separately.

Other than that, I can't really complain. It was a wonderful break from steaks and buffets.

I will have to check them out for lunch or dinner some time.
Great lunch spot.  We really enjoyed our food and drinks here.  Service was a little spotty, and lunch was a little pricey, but the food was top notch.
long wait, rude server, below average food taste, not so cheap price. do the math

i still give this place 2 stars because they have a decent laksa. one thing that's really unforgivable is that i had a really high expectation for one of its menu "deep fried dory with thai sweet spicy sauce", well, it's located in bellagio, people were waiting to be seated for hours, and i'm an asian, so i think it's very normal to imagine that the food will come out as something exquisite just like how the food is being served in my country.

no

it was like eating fish nugget with the thai sauce that you can buy from the market for $3, even the food presentation itself is just plain, no decoration or whatsoever. with a price tag of $28

i'm so not returning to this place, penang malaysian cuisine tastes way better and cheaper
The boyfriend and I went to Vegas and decided not to stuff ourselves at the buffet for once.  We were in the Bellagio and saw Noodles, so we decided to give it a try.  We weren't too hungry so we only got one appetizer, the Satay, and one entree, the Pad Thai.  The dishes were mediocre tasting and somewhat expensive - oh well, it's Vegas right?  Little did I know that as we stepped out and began walking to Planet Hollywood, I would start to feel a little uneasy in the stomach.  I quickly looked for a restroom and dashed in as I set my eyes on one (I will leave the rest to your imagination- what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas... hehe).  Before this unexpected turn of events, I thought Noodles was average at worst, but after wards, I said to myself  "I will never set my butt in there ever again".  After the mistake of eating there, I realized that, indeed, the best bet in Vegas is the buffet.  Even though after eating at most buffets, my stomach lining always feels like it is on the verge of tearing, the pain is worth it since it still better than Noodles.
After several hours in the casino, we arrived at Noodles, drinks in hands.  Without question, we were seated and got to keep our drinks (what a plus).

It was a perfect spot for lunch if you don't want to leave your amazing hotel.  A spicy dish is the perfect pick me up to take you to dinner.

I cannot wait to go back.
When arriving to Vegas I was getting over being sick with the flu. I was still a little bit sick but that wasn't going to hold me down! So we waited in this massive line which the servers said would take about an hour to maybe two hours long. 

While waiting and waiting about an hour and half we got to sit on a table. I knew what I already wanted and what I ordered was edamame for everyone to share and a porridge with century egg in it and a little bit of pork. The edamame had a lot of salt on it and that was kind of a turn off. The porridge was alright but of course I'm not going to say it was amazing. 

Overall the food was alright and the 7 people I was with enjoyed it as well. Service wasn't that great though, so don't expect much from the servers. They aren't going to refill anything for you until you wave your hand up and down.
this expensive noodle place is located in the heart of the bellagio and decorated nicely with all types of noodles in jars as their wall displays. we were here during the holidays right before new years eve, you can imagine the massive line and the long wait. we were probability in line for about a good 40 minutes passed midnight.

while looking around at the managers and the waitresses, they all seem to be either speaking mandarin or cantonese, we decided that we should stick to their chinese and taiwanese style noodles instead of thai, indian, or vietnamese.

i ordered the beef stew noodle and the gf ordered their wonton noodle. they were prepared rather quickly. although, there are no choices for thick or thin egg noodles like most other authentic noodle houses and you are stuck with oil-egg noodles for the beef stew and the lo-mien for the wonton. we were still pretty satisfied with the authenticity and the tastes of their noodle dishes.

usually those two items would cost us about 10 dollars total at a small business, we paid about 40 dollars here. but then again, we are on the vegas strip at the bellagio. i supposed that's justified enough. at least that' what i kept telling myself. 

even though they charge over triple the regular price, the service was still crappy like every other aisan places. but just remember, if you need something... raise your hand! wave your hands! stand up and give them your best jazz hands!

i am sure i'll be back again, even though they are expensive. i don't mind paying the price for convenience when i am in las vegas...i guess
On an impromptu trip to Vegas with boyfriend we discovered this place too late in the stay.  If we knew about it sooner we would have gone here everyday.  The food is great, authentic, and compared to the other options (excluding buffet) more reasonably priced.  It made me wish that finding great Chinese food in my own city wasn't such a gamble in itself (that was a pun).  Fresh watermelon juice and duck fried rice put me on a winning spree, from which we could afford a meal at my next review...Also, famous poker player eating at the table next to us (who my boyfriend pointed out, are you kidding, like I keep mental note of famous poker players, that's almost as boring as baseball players, or stock car drivers) speaking with the waitress in Chinese felt authentic in a weird, Vegas sort of way.
Wanted a bite and a break from poker. Been to Bellagio dozens of times and never ate here.It's a nicely decorated mid priced,anywhere but Vegas, restaurant. The udon noodle soup is as good as any I've had anywhere. The service was pleasant,courteous and fast. It's only for a fast bite. I will return,  esp when alone.
This is one of my favorite places on earth.   The food is excellent, the steamed or fried dumplings are the best I've had.   And, if you are feeling a bit rough, the Thai Noodle or Japanese Seafood soup are actual hangover cures.   The atmosphere is easy going, has fun energy and fast, polite service every time I've eaten there .. which I think might be over 30 times now.   Stop reading this, order the skewered shrimp already !   And, get the dumplings.
Never paying $20 for beef noodle soup ever again... No matter how fancy u make a beef noodle soup... they can add gold flakes and serve it in crystal bowls... Bellagio or not, I am not paying $20 for a mediocre beef noodle soup ever again. They used so much MSG in it, I felt sick and fell asleep at 10pm... lol.  I also tried my friend's fried rice... it tasted so mushy... Sorry Noodles.. but never again lol
nothing special about this place other than the crazy prices.

everything here, you can get at a chinese restaurant for at least 1/2 of the price.

I'd rather spend $5 on beef stew noodle soup than $15 at bellagio.  The only good thing about this place is the cleanliness but that's about it
Let's make this simple.

You're hungry, you don't want to get gouged in a hotel restaurant, you don't want to take the time to research another restaurant not to mention leaving the Bellagio and you are on limited time.

Wellllllllll, you might as well head to Noodles then.  It's good average Asian food.  They have Chinese, Thai, Japanese and Vietnamese dishes and it's double the price of what you would normally pay at any of your local favorite restaurants back home but the portions are bigger here.  You'll leave stuffed and you can head right back to your room.  You will pay for it dearly but it's very fresh and depending on what you get, you may return some day....  I did. 

Go see the menu for options and prices at the door.
I think this might have been our favorite meal of the trip. Yes, like everything and everywhere we went in Las Vegas  it was expensive, but the quality was very good. We had a little bit of dim sum, shrimp wonton soup which was excellent and a delicious noodle dish with barbecued pork. Very good lunch in a very nice atmosphere.
We grabbed a quick lunch here and the food was fine - nothing great but fairly tasty.  The options for vegans were basic and the mushroom dumplings were actually very good.  Service was quick and the ambience fine.
I would recommend Noodles to those who are staying or gambling at Bellagio and want convenience and average Asian food.  Since my friends and I fell in that category  the last time we were in Vegas, we gave Noodles a try.  Overall, the food was okay but I wasn't overly impressed by the establishment, especially in Vegas, given that Vegas is full of great food options.

Noodles offers a wide variety of dishes of various different Asian cuisines - Thai, Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese.  We tried the Hainanese chicken, beef noodle soup, chicken chow mien, Malaysian fried rice, agadashi tofu, and steamed dumplings -- yes we were very hungry.  I was most impressed with the beef noodle soup - which was surprisingly authentic and flavorful.  The chow mien was okay.  The fried rice and steamed dumplings were really good.  The agadashi tofu was flavorless.  

We also tried their Thai iced tea, which was really good. 

Service was really slow and crappy.  There was a line outside the restaurant of people waiting to be seated even though there were many empty tables.  The servers were not friendly.  

Eh, my favorite Asian restaurant in a Vegas casino is still Noodle Asia at Venetian.
Noodles is a very good restaurant. The decor is pleasing and in terms of its subtle approach, it matches the flavors of the food. All of the dishes are fresh and not very spicy. The prices do not seem as high as some Yelpers have suggested.
We're definitely coming back to this place. After a night of frustrating stops and starts with other restuarants (poor front of house service at Yellowtail and raw tenderloin at Circ) we finally found a decent place to eat.  

Noodles and curry laksa after our late night show = delicious. 
Wait time for a table = very small.
Prices = reasonable.

We would have saved ourselves much frustration and time if we had just started out here from the get go. Can't wait to return.
Asian eats right off the casino floor in Bellagio.  We stopped by for a light lunch break from blackjack.  It's quite expensive for so-so standard Asian fare.  $8 for 5 pork dumplings, $17 for a big bowl of seafood noodle soup, $8 for a pot of jasmine tea.  Quality of the food was nothing special, which made it harder to pay so much for mediocre chinese food.  Good clean decor and service though.  

Oh, and we liked how there was a slot for your soup spoon on the edge of the bowl -- No more accidentally losing your spoon into your noodles!
I was sorely disappointed at the lack of flavor and service at this restaurant, being that it is in the Bellagio.  Despite being a casual dining place, the prices were fairly high, but typical for something in this hotel.  To be honest, I get much better Chinese food off the strip and felt robbed of my money when paying the check, but I'll explain that in a bit.

First, we were in the Bellagio for something to eat, since I wanted Jean Philippe's afterward.  We walked toward the buffet and I was adamant on trying this restaurant because of the lovely decor and simple menu.  We were seated immediately at the back corner of the restaurant against the wall.  The part that irritated me was this grass skirt hanging decor that hung over our soy sauce and touched the table and I.  To top it off, it was extremely dusty and dust particles were falling slowly, like snow, onto the table.  I was shocked to see filthy decor on the wall.  Still, we ordered our food and we had to stick it out.

The shumai and chicken satay appetizers came out first.  Both were okay but nothing to rave about.  Although it was packed with flavor, the shumai reminded me of mushy microwavable shumai from the grocery store.  I wasn't impressed at all.  As for the chicken satay, it was dry and the sauce wasn't flavorful for my taste.  It simply fell short.

My husband wanted the main courses to be outstanding, as did I, but alas--they were sad plates of Chinese food.  We ordered a chicken chow mein, soya chicken (skin on) and bbq pork fried rice.  All of it was blase.  I wasn't impressed with the flavors, textures, or presentation.  The fried rice was extremely dry and was fluffy, almost as if they used Uncle Ben's rice instead of regular rice to make the dish.  The chow mein was okay, but it was overpowered by salt for some reason.  As for the soya chicken, it was moist and tasted good enough to chew and swallow.

After an 83 dollar check for what we ordered, I was upset at this place for charging those prices for meager Chinese food.  The service was prompt on drinks, but that was it.  Our server was also very pushy.  After ordering our first entree he was ready to leave.  

After all that I wanted to stop at Beijing Noodle at Caesar's to get shumai and noodles, and then HK and Food Express for other chinese dishes to make me feel better about Chinese food.  It was sad, sad eats at this restaurant.  I hate being depressed over food so expensive.  I will never eat at this place again, although the food was edible.  It lacks luster and authenticity despite the 100's of asians working the kitchen and the floor.  Either someone dumbed down their taste or they believe dumbing down Chinese food appeals to the masses.  Either way, someone did something very wrong at this place, and it will kill them in the long run.

Steer clear of Noodles.  I'm thankful it's in a corner that most people don't walk by because it doesn't deserve an audience.
ok i know what you're thinking. WTH are you doing eating expensive chinese food in a vegas hotel right? well we were starving and we wanted rice. 

1. Wonton noodles: the wontons were not bad, it tasted close to authentic wontons. too much noodles, too little wontons!

2. 2 kinds of bbq (bbq pork and roasted duck): the soy sauce that was on the rice was super good. perfectly sweetened. The cha siu was good and lean and the duck was prepared well. 

this place taste close to the real deal....and i got to order in chinese. pretty legit now.
This is conveniently tucked inside the Bellagio where we had our last lunch here with the crew. We noshed on dimsum since we were turned off by the buffet line and needed something fast. It didn't help that we had a large party with us but we were seated right away when a spot opened up for us. 

They do have dimsum carts here and even a full menu. We shared the roti prata appetizer and a few shrimp balls. We had the peking duck and bbq pork combination which came with steamed rice and greens. It was filling. Service was spotty and the food's expensive. 
For a quick dimsum meal, I'd come back here again. The food's decent.
Turns out eating here, appropriately, is a crap game. Food always OK To good. Service, you need to bring your luck.
We stopped in for a quick snack after checking in. The menu is so all-over-the-place (Chinese! Thai! Japanese! Vietnamese!) that you expect the worst. But we were too weary for niceties.

Satay, noodles, spring rolls were all satisfying, with Tsingtao to wash it down. I admit that's not much of a survey, but we were surrounded by multigenerational families sharing noodles and looking happy. 

The design is clean-lined and bright. The service is fine, but not warm and fuzzy. Maybe not fine dining, but fine with me.
The food is good but it's so pricey and smaller compare to other place. I've had better food but the service is better  It's also clean, they wear latex gloves when handing you the dim sum. I've never seen a Chinese restaurant that wears any. I also had the roasted, the presentation is great.

If you wanna get full for a good price. Don't come here. If you're lazy and don't want to leave the Strip and don't like PF Changs or Chin Chins. Come here.
Went to Noodles on the recommendation of someone who had been there a week before.  For a group of 4, we split 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and a bottle of wine, and it ended up being around $120 -- not to bad compared to a lot of other places in the area, and we left very satisfied.  The food was light and flavorful without being too greasy.

For appetizers we ordered the edamame and cucumber and seaweed salad.  I personally think you can never go wrong with edamame and the cuc/seaweed salad was so refreshing!  So perfect after you've been walking the desert heat on the strip!  For our meals we split the kung pao chicken with peanuts and the sesame chicken.  Both were very flavorful and had a bit of spicyness to them, which went great with the sweet white wine we picked out.

Our server was also very attentive, friendly and knowledgable.  I'd reccommend Noodles to anyone else I know visiting Vegas
We waited almost an hour to be seated when there were only 3 groups in front of us in line. We got the shrimp wonton soup and some chowmein. I thought the food was boring. I dropped a shrimp wonton in my lap and our server, who was taking an order at the table next to us, stopped what he was doing to point and laugh at me, then finished talking to the table and didnt even stop by to offer me a napkin. When I stopped him later to ask for one he acted put out. They charged us for our tea, and it was gross. I thought the food was boring, and wayyyy overpriced. They dont even put vegetables in their chowmein. 
I would have only given them one star because I hated the whole experience, but I had to add a star because my husband was happy with getting a chance to sit down and eat what he called simple food. It made him happy so they earn a star.
Yea! I get so excited to come to vegas and have some noodle bar at the bellagio.  Especially late night. Abalone congee, wonton noodle soup, roast pork rice, beef pan fried noodle...yumz reminds me of c-town in ny. 

Love the decor, its simple and very asian. Some of the dishes can get pricey but its the bellagio don't expect less! I just wish it was open late late night. It would be perfect for coming after partying.  They need noodle bars in every casino/hotel in vegas!
Oh yeah.. I think I've found my Chinese quick fix on the Strip.

Excellent, because sometimes I just get lazy to have to head over to Chinatown.

Anyways, this place is pretty yummy and authentic considering that it's located at the Bellagio.

Prices are pretty decent (again, considering that it's located at the Bellagio).

We had the Beef Noodle and Spicy Thai. Both were good and totally hit the spot for me, especially after a night of binge drinking and gambling at the Bellagio tables. However, the Beef Noodle was the clear winner, and there's a 99.9% probability that that's what I'll be getting the next time I visit.
drunk buzz, or hungry.  = this is the place to be.  I was just here the past weekend and i ate at this place 3 times.  There can be a long wait, but so worth it.  I usually get the wonton noodles with a side of roasted duck or the mandarin beef stew noodles.  Absolutely amazing.  

During the day they also have dim sum.  Recommended: watermelon juice. so delicious.  

Its a bit pricey between 10-20 bucks, but its Vegas! very good, and you know its a clean Chinese restaurant with a good chef for being in bellagio.
I ordered the basic chow mein noodles with chicken.  It was pretty tastey but not the best I've had...they seemed a little soggy (wierd, I know).  The old man ordered spicey noodles with chicken and he seemed to be satisfied!  He has a high tolerance for spicey dishes, so it was right on for him!  The dim sum all looked GREAT but we didn't order any this time.  I would definitely go back...even just to have a smorgasbord of appetizers!
It's really hard to review restaurants on the strip because you're not sure if you should account for the expensiveness of the restaurants. I might have given this place 4 stars if the wonton noodle soup I had was not $14, and not $3.99 like I would pay for in any given Chinese restaurant anywhere else in this world.

If you are Chinese and gambling and you dont like white or fusion food, you're probably the target audience for Noodles. The only fusion thing about this place is the decor. 

We tried to avoid Noodles because, well, it's in the Bellagio; but I was craving for some warm broth at 11:30pm and the PF Chang was conveniently just closed when we walked in at 11ish. 

My boyfriend got the $16 BBQ pork on rice (cha siu) and I got the $14 wonton noodle soup. It's authentic, no doubt and the bbq pork on rice was REALLY good. The wonton was a little dry, and the whole thing was good (not really really good). True Chinese comfort food.

The decor is elegant, because, you know, it's the Bellagio. 

I guess the main thing is that it opens really late (even after O finishes at 11:30 you can still eat there) so that's where they get you (well, if you're not interested in eating a FAT burger down the road). I was satisfied, but there's a hole in our pocket where all the money fell out.
I went to Noodles with friends to have a soup+noodle fix after the first night. I ordered the wontop soup noodles and found a tiny black bug. When I told the waitress, she took the dish back right away, but did not offer words of apology - although that could've been due to her poor language skills. They took my order off the tab but that was it. No managers came. Nothing. I was too tired from waiting in line/food to even throw a fit. I guess inspections are not getting done too swell at Bellagio.
Even though i realized this place is Asian fusion, still thoroughly disappointed. Vegetables are old, fruits are from cans, and noodles are limp...LIMP!
Okay, so the reason it's 3 rated is because the service knocked it down.  The food is really good, but portions are pretty small.  The service is terrible.  The manager walked around talking to all the tables that were non-asian and ignored the asian tables. What is up with that???

The food was good, but I could probably find the same quality of food at chinatown for cheaper prices.  It's an okay place to eat if you want to grab a quick bite with no regards to service.  The dim sum is pretty good, and they still push around the little carts.  

Note:  Some of the servers do not speak English.
What?  real chinese food at the Bellagio?
Crazy I know.  Yeah, they got a smatteriing of stuff from here from some other south-east asian places, but mostly the stuff is Chinese.  Various congee, pea-pod greens, roast pig and duck mmm....  
My dad swears by their Hainan Chicken Rice which is essentially comfort food for him.  Whats odd is the food looks and taste authentic, but its served in a P.F. Chang like setting with odd shaped platters and high prices!   I am sure some of that cost goes to the tasteful decor and pricey location.   If you want more affordable authentic asian fare you could take a cab or rent a car to hit the restaurants on Spring Mountain Road.  If your are on the strip anyways, check this place out!
We really enjoyed our visit to Noodles. My husband, daughter and I all ordered different dishes. We went in August and the food was great. Service was excellent. The decor is really trippy and fun. I didn't think it was pricey compared to other Asian restaurants we've been to in Vegas. In fact, we had gone t to the Grand Wok at MGM the previous night and the food wasn't nearly as good for the same amount of money. We'll definitely be back.
A few weeks ago, we dined here for the second time.  The food is always fresh, hot, and fast, and this is exactly what I want when at the Bellagio.  

The calamari was only Ok, but the potstickers were flavorful and delicious.  I enjoyed the pad thai (not creative, I know), which was a yummy treat!  

The service was odd, with many people waiting on us.  Not sure who our actual server was..  Additionally, there was a table open, but the host insisted on seating us at the bar.  We enjoyed each other's company, but this would not be a very good seat for some people.  You are essentially looking at  a wall that is built on the bar.  Odd decor choice that makes these seats unappealing.

Great food!!
Noodles (the food) are great for a hangover, and it is tough to visit Vegas without ending up with a hangover at some point.  I wandered the strip for hours looking for just the right thing to cure my previously over-indulgent night, and was about to break down and eat just about anything, when I remembered the curative properties of a bowl of noodle soup.  I broke out my trusty iPhone and yelp app, and narrowed it down to Noodles (the restaurant), which was closest to my current location.

Noodles is right off the Casino in The Bellagio, but has neither that crowded casino feel, nor that high end, 'I am going to get fleeced' feel.  Pleasant contemporary decor, with a lot wood, and a not-too-crowded-or-noisy atmosphere made me feel immediately comfortable.  The Dim Sum cart was making rounds, so I tasted a few basic dumplings, all pretty solid.  Followed that up with a bowl of wonton noodle soup.  It was served piping hot, and the dumplings were tasty.  Overall, it was pretty good, although the broth was not incredibly flavorful.  It went down quite well with the Asahi Super Dry beer.

All in all, I was pretty satisfied...just what the doctor ordered.  It was mildly expensive for a quick lunch, but the service was great, and it hit the spot.  Other dishes I saw coming out looked delicious, and were huge portions.  So much so that the girls sitting next to me at the sushi-bar style counter offered to share some of their food, but I was already stuffed by then.

I would definitely go back, and probably would have rated 3.5 stars if Yelp allowed that, but they just don't quite rank a 4 star rating.  I will try them again some day, and maybe grant that extra star.
I eat at Noodles fairly often while I am spending time in Bellagio for poker tournaments. It's a solid meal for sure, and if it were cheaper I would give it 4 stars.

Service is always better than I expect it to be, but as is standard in many Asian restaurants, you'll sometimes wait around for a long time (for more water, for your check, etc) unless you wave down a server. It's not something to complain about really, just something you have to get used to.

They serve my favorite dish in the world, Hainanese Chicken Rice, but it's not a very good version of it really. Nonetheless, it's the main course of my "last meal" fantasy, so I order it almost every time. I've also really enjoyed the Chicken Curry (be careful of bones, and once I got a huge chunk of ginger in my order), Malaysian Fried Rice, and every noodle dish I've ever tried. I don't recommend other stir-fried dishes or fried-meat-with-sugary-sauce dishes (e.g. sesame chicken), as they rate only slightly better than Panda Express.

Noodles is alright, and I'm going to continue going there on a regular basis, whenever it's far more convenient than popping over to Chinatown on Spring Mountain. However, if Chinatown is just as convenient, I'll take anything there over Noodles, every day of the week.
I met some friends for an early dinner.  Good spot for my gambling friends so they could take a break and refuel.

We were promptly seated and as soon as we were ready to order it was not long until our food came out.  We loaded up on appetizers.  Standard fare for appetizers which included the edamame, satay chicken and cucumber and seaweed salad (simple and refreshing...always delish).

The yummiest dish I had that night was the Hor Fun with chicken and oyster sauce.  It was loaded with chicken and of course thick strips of noodles that totally soaked in that oyster sauce. hmmmmm. 

Five of us dined for $90 with tip!
Like all the food on Vegas' strip, OVER PRICED.  I don't think it was worth paying $16.00 for a bowl of beef noodle soup.  If this was the best beef noodle soup I ever had,then maybe I am more willing to pay for it. 

The noodle came in a large ceramic bowl that is loaded with noodles and beef, but too little soup.  The ratio of soup to noodle is out of balanced.  Only 1/3 of the bowl was filled with soup and the rest noodles.  For some people who like to eat a lot, maybe those extra noodles would help, but to me, it's gorse.  To make the matter worse, the noodles are soggy, not tender and chewy at all.   Blah, will not come here again.
This place was pretty nice (not super fancy but decorated nicely) but the food was average.  We came here bc someone had "the best" beef noodle soup here over a year ago and loved it.  Unfortunately, they did not like it this time, stating it was somewhat flavorless.  Food here is definitely overpriced, as I learned many restaurants in the nice casinos are, but we were comped so I can't complain about price.  However, had I had to pay for this meal, I would not have been happy.  I got the Hainan Chicken Rice, which was really dry.  Usually, the rice is simmered in broth, but the rice was pretty dry - chicken, too.  We also got the Beef Chow fun, which wasn't bad but not excellent either.  The best part of my meal was the Iced Coffee (which I think they charge $6 for).  Everyone also liked the Fried Shrimp Balls, which came on a dim sum cart.  I was excited to see Soupy Dumplings on the cart, but alas, they were only moist and not very soupy at all.  Most items were mediocre and I most likely will not eating here again.
We enjoy visiting Bellagio very much. Just wish they'd do a better job with food. But with soooo many travelers coming through town, there's not enough 'repeat customers' to keep them on their toes as in the 'real world.' It just does not equate at all to what's being charged. 
The food at Noodles is disappointing, not worth a third of what's being charged. You can walk in to any number of restaurants in town, and get better prepared 'Asian' dishes at a fraction of the cost.
If you just happen to be in Bellagio and really need to have an Asian food fix, then this is the place for you. Otherwise it's pretty mediocre, pricey and a long wait during meal times. $3 for a small bowl of white rice! And the decor is nothing special. If you don't mind driving to a real Chinese restaurant, then do it.
For the past few years I have worked from casinos in Vegas, primarily at Bellagio. Noodles is one of the only places there I can afford to, and like to, eat almost everyday. The menu is large and most everything is good. 

The wonton noodle soup (I get mine with rice noodles instead of egg) is a meal and a bargain at only $14. The shrimp filled wontons are very good. I also like the Thai spicy noodle soup, it comes with several large shrimp.
My favorite appetizer is the char si piu, bits of pork in a doughy steamed sweet bun. I used to like the pad thai but lately it has been sticky and thick, not good at all. My dad joined me recently and raved about the duck, though I didn't try it, since I am not a fan. Ask for extra hot XO sauce, it's the best. 

They do dim sum Fri-Sun from 11-3 so get in then for their best options :)
Just to be upfront here... American expensive over-hyped. It's not bad for tourists coming to Las Vegas I'm sure. But it's American touristic over-hyped foods. But you can expect the same across the Strip here.

My good Caucasian friend wanted to show off his favorite place. Thanks J. He had a few favorite items not found elsewhere. He loved the baked BBQ buns with sweet crust and almond fried shrimp ball especially.

It's located in Bellagio. So it was crowded with Asian tourists. The staffs spoke Cantonese. The service was great. One of the best service in USA... just a bit shy of those 4-star restaurants in Hong Kong.

I know exactly what to expect before I came here with my friend. So I can't really trash the foods here. So this was just my observation.

The foods were pricey. I didn't try the regular menu. It started from $14.95 and up. The appetizer was $7.95 and up. Side orders like preserved duck egg, starting at $3 each. My take? They are all 2-3 times the price of regular restaurants in Las Vegas. You can read my "tasty" reviews on other Las Vegas restaurants too.

So, here's the breakdown:
Service: 4 (they were all eager to help, from push cart servers to our server Denny; very efficient and friendly)
Pu-er tea with chrysanthemum: 3 (good, $2 each person)
Siu Mai: 2.5 (not the best cut of meat here... too chewy with fatty meat; or not minced with the right cut of meat)
BBQ bun: 3 (2 per plate; small size; it's BBQ pork pun, my friend had to order 2 plates to satisfy)
Shanghai Dumpling: 0.5 (3 little one on tiny aluminum shell; $6.95 for 3; minimal juice inside; I could tell it tasted like Shanghai dumpling).
Chicken feet: 3 (Well done, easy to suck off the bone; a bit too sweet... my friend commented that they didn't have to alter the "taste" because most Caucasians won't even look at it; server brought it to me from the kitchen and not on the cart).
Egg tart: 3.5 (crispy shell)
Price: 1 ($3.95, $3.95; $4.25; $4.95; $5.95...)

So diners, you've got an easy choice. Lifestyle of the rich and famous? or Chang's Dim Sum?
Best wonton soup in vegas.. its not americanized..real chinese dumpling with lots of shrimp!
Noodles!

We went here three or four times in our last trip.  Yeah, it's pricey for what you are getting, but this isn't San Francisco.. it's in a casino in Vegas.  The staff is friendly, the place is cozy, and the food is good.  Now I'm craving some warm soy bean milk and noodles!
I defied my Yelpers with the negative reviews and went anyway. They were right, this place isn't very good.

My boyfriend got the $16 plate of boneless spareribs and they looked like an appetizer. No garnish, just a pile of boneless ribs. They also were supposed to be honey barbeque but they weren't sticky in the least and barely even sweet.

I got a noodle plate and while it was pretty huge, the noodles were overcooked and the entire plate was just slimy. Not appetizing at all.

Our bill was outrageous for asian food that we could have gotten better at any take-out joint on the strip, but I expected the price. I didn't expect the food to taste this bad. Blah.
what an awesome surprise! i was totally expecting americanized chinese fare but instead was treated to yummy chinese food! so much so that we were there a few times the last trip...

yes, it's pricey (located in bellagio so it's not a surprise), but servings were good, service was great and quality was good too. i especially enjoyed the steamed chicken (singaporean style), the oxtail soup, and mango pudding for dessert.

if you don't feel like venturing to c-town it's a nice choice. gets crowded quick so i suggest going when it opens - especially if you are interested in their dim sum.
What's up with vegas and terrible service. We told the host we had 8 people and she never came back to us on the wait. I went to ask her and she stuttered , looking through a monitor, and couldn't figure out how to answer me. I told her we could be split in 2 seperate tables. A different party didn't show so she gave us their table.
Our server was BLAH! basically and order taker and that;s it. No smiles...nothing.
Our food was ok, but nothing you can't get at any other Thai or Chinese restaurant. I split my noodles and edamame with a friend; we still ended up paying $16 each. this meal was work $16 and that's it.
30 min later 3 of my friends and I were such agony . The food did not sit well with all off us. We all had different things. 
SKIP IT!
I just remembered eating here on my last day in Vegas a few months ago so I thought I'd write a review.

The bf and I ended up here after realizing we were on a time crunch and there were gigantic wait times at all the others restaurants inside the Bellagio.

It was okay, not great, but okay. Kind of pricey, but then again, you are eating in a restaurant inside the Bellagio in Vegas, so what do you expect. 

The bf had the beef chow fun which he said was pretty good, and I had the BBQ pork noodle soup (my comfort food after a night out hehe). The BBQ pork noodle soup wasn't spectacular (I didn't particularly like the charsiu because I thought the flavor was a little off) but it was definitely nice to have that option of eating it without leaving the strip. The dim sum looked legit, but I have a sneaking suspicion it doesn't taste legit. I would suggest sticking to dishes that are hard to mess up, i.e. chow mein or chow fun.

My summary of this place would be: convenient and fairly decent Chinese food for when you are a) hungover, b) craving Chinese food, c) staying in the Bellagio, or d) all of the above. But, know that you're paying for the convenience.
The name explains it all. They have noodles served as soup and as dishes, in addition to other Asian options.  I've dined here 2x - once for dinner and once for lunch, both times were on a weekend.

I'm not sure if they serve dim sum (in carts) for lunch every day but they do on Saturdays.  You have the option to order dim sum as appetizers regardless of day or time but be prepared to pay more than usual.  After all, we are at the Bellagio and not some random strip mall.  

During the weekend lunch, while they're pushing carts, the dim sum rates aren't bad at all.  They're actually quite reasonable.  However, if you opt to get dim sum as appetizers in an "off peak" time then it will cost 2 to 3 times as much. My fianc and I ordered dim sum, as appetizers, during dinner and paid ~$8 per order.  The Malaysian Fried Rice w/Beef and Hong Kong Egg Noodles w/Shrimp are delicious!

I LOVE the Congee here. Surprisingly enough I didn't indulge in a noodle soup both times I dined here.  In fact, I only returned a 2nd time to have more porridge.  Their entrees are plentiful and great for sharing. 

The staff was very friendly and food came out quick!
Having been born in Hong Kong, and growing up on Chinese Dim Sum in  Manhattan and Flushing, Queens, I've become a picky Dim Sum guy, so dim sum in Vegas is a must try. To be brief, was a little disappointed, the sui gow (pan fried dumplings) was just OK. This is also the second place I've encountered in my travels where they add ground shrimp to their pork Shui mai, usually there might just be a piece of shrimp on top of the pork. The ground shrimp detracts from the pork flavor. This is something I'm not used to. There was no Ha Gow on the menu (straight shrimp dumpling), again dissappointed. The pan fried noodles with barbecue pork was well made, very crispy, as it should be, but alas it was  flavorless (sauce was bland). The barbecue pork was passable. I guess alot has to do with what ingredients you can get in Vegas. Overall will satisfy your craving, but can't hold up to Vancouver, Ottawa and of course New York dim sum outside of Hong Kong. I was impressed they had congee, but didn't try it. My mom makes the best.
We were thinking of what to eat for Chinese New Year Eve's dinner and we both decided on the beef stew noodle at Noodles (I've been wanting to see the Conservatory at Bellagio as well).

The only thing I have ordered here and will only order here is the melt in your mouth "Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle!"  This aromatic soup has tender beef brisket and tendon, which were stewed to perfection.  It comes in a bowl of soup with perfectly cooked noodles and baby bok choy.  With a spoonful of the hot chili sauce, this is my favorite noodle in the world.

Actually, I have tried the turnip cake here and I have to say, it is the best turnip cake I have ever eaten.  It was pan fried nicely, with a hint of crispiness on the outside, and still warm and delicious inside.  

I have been here a total of 4 times, and every time, there is a long line.  Oh well, worth the wait for the best bowl of soup ever.
I really liked this place, so here is my advice to those who are considering going: (1) it is Vegas, everything is overpriced, especially at the Bellagio.  People on here complaining that this place was too expensive obviously took the wrong exit off the freeway.  (2) this is not fine dining, and if you're not already drunk, then get drunk before you go.  Noodles is a hiply decorated greasy-asian joint whose target audience is people who have been (a) drinking copiously so they are down-to-earth about food quality and just want what tastes good AND (b) having enough fun with whoever they are with that they don't need a bunch of servers checking in every 2 minutes about whether they need more ice in their icewater.

Seriously, y'all, lighten up.  There are enough stuffy, snooty restaurants in Vegas, I liked this one because it wasn't.
Diverse menu selection with something for everyone. The broths were great. I had the bbq pork soup. It's a great light lunch.
GO GET CUP O NOODLES! 

Everything is a rip off in Vegas but this one is the biggest rip off ever. Price for a small size bowl of noodle soup ranges from 14 and up. Price really isn't a big issue if you're actually eating food that are satisfying to the taste buds but this place was BLAAAHHH.
Tucked in near the Pai Gow tables and adjacent to the baccarat room is Noodles.  The decor is nice, but nothing special, and the service is pretty standard, but a hot bowl of noodle soup definitely hits the spot--especially in the very late hours of the night.

Both the sui mai and char siu bau are very good, and I recommend grabbing one or the other as an appetizer, although the latter can take some time to serve freshly steamed during the less crowded hours.  I personally recommend the Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle Soup.  While the Cantonese Dumpling Noodle Soup and Wonton Noodle Soup are decent, I would probably pass on them the next time in favor of less-basic selections.

Noodles is definitely a favored place among Bellagio's Asian clientele.  The large picnic-like tables near the front are perfect for guests bringing large families.  I was not a fan of the "bar" seating that basically faces right into a wall.
3.8 stars

Yummy!  Generous portions and good food.  I've had better but the food here is still good and I'd come back again.  I had sweet and spicy chicken noodles not that spicy and I love spicy. Thai tea and we shared a vegetable spring roll for an appetizer.  My husband had beef Malaysian fried rice, his entree was much better than mine and he was a sport when I periodically picked off his plate. :-)  I'd return but try another dish.  The service was friendly and prices were decent considering it was on the strip.  The place was packed, very popular on a Friday night.
It was Valentine's day when I went so my greatest worry was it being a long line when I got there. I called ahead of time to ask if they made reservations. However, they do not so I had to take my chances. 

No line when I got there so that was awesome, and it only had like four tables taken out the whole place. 

The waiter was nice and fast and the food was also. We had the bbq pork buns for starters, and they weren't as good as I hoped. It was the breading around it, because the pork inside was tasty. 

They give you such a good amount of food, and it tasted great. It was a peaceful place which I loved because it sucks trying to talk over people or hearing someone else's convo.

I did feel lame when I seen most of the customers using chop sticks, and I had to use a fork. I got to learn one day lol.
I was up late taking photos of some friends at Bellagio and got hungry. My wife and I decided to try this place. I ordered the dumplings and noodles. My wife ordered pork and noodles. My was bordering on good but my wifes noodles were just OK. I was really shocked on how much are meal cost, but it is the strip. Service was good, place very clean. It was very busy and to wait 5 minutes. I would suggest maybe venturing out to spring mountain rd and trying restaurant out there.
Ate here twice mainly because my dad insisted on it.  The first time was at 12am and I was super tired but hadn't had a late night eat in a long time so was really excited about it.  Waited a few minutes for a table and got seated relatively quickly.  We have heard how great this place is, how their beef stew noodle is great, and etc.  So we ended up eating and my dad had Taiwanese beef stew and my mom had the won ton soup.  Both agreed it was good and portions were generous.  The gf had congee which was average and I had the hainan chicken rice which was disappointing.  Rice was dry, chicken just didn't look fresh, and then I thought to myself why did I order rice in a place that is named noodles?  Man I really missed out on that one.

So the next night after happy hour, we came back again.  And honestly speaking this place is probably the least expensive place you'll find in Bellagio.  We ordered noodles, fried rice, greens, roti naan bread, century egg, cucumber salad, and bbq pork/chicken.  Why did we order the chicken after seeing how it was last night?  No idea but even though it was a different kind of chicken it wasn't a winner winner.  The bbq pork was much better than the chicken and better than a lot of places in SF.  The fried rice, eh, it was okay, not great but not bad.  The roti naan bread passed, the century egg was okay (not a big fan), and the cucumber salad was too sweet.  The greens and the noodles (see?) were the winners.  

We actually ate a lot as the portions are generous.  Would I come back?  Even though I'm giving it three stars, I enjoyed the restaurant very much.  Service was great, decor is nice, maybe I was just happy eating out late with my parents like when I was young but I would come back because for a five star hotel restaurant the pricing isn't that bad.
The best noodle place I have ever eaten at!
This place serves decent dim sum - very good quality I would say.
But they kept people waiting in line when there were apparently seats available.  Not sure why??? Were they trying to act like a nightclub just because it was located inside a casino???

VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: DO NOT GET SODA THERE!!!
There is no free re-fills... and a coke is $4!!! Be careful.... they trick you, too! They don't tell you that they charge for the second one.  They just bring a new one to you, and charge you at the end.... evil!!
The place is very hit or miss. Very long lines at times to even get in. I think all of the soup noodles are very tasty. The stir fry ones could be better. Some of their sauces taste quite odd and does not fit the dish. The dim sum is good which is served on weekend mornings. We always make it there near the end so the selection is limited but the items are made well.
to be honest, i was drunk when i ate here (surprise surprise) so i can't say that this review is totally objective. BUT, the food really really hit the spot. service wasn't all that great (they took our order and left us to fend for ourselves). i had the laksa curry noodle and it was worth coming back again for more.
Not bad, not bad.

A little pricey, but it IS the Bellagio we're talkin' about.

Our table of four ordered a random smattering - from Won Ton Noodle soup to Beef Stew over noodles to a healthy order of Dim Sum. All of it was good, but none was outrageously great.

Lunch for four with tea and no alcohol came to $100. Like I said, BELLAGIO.

We timed it right and walked right in, but beware of long lines at lunch and dinner.
Great restaurant overall.  Nice staff, very accommodating, good food and decor.  Nothing more comforting after a bad run at the craps tables than a nice bowl of congee, a pot of tea and friendly service.  A trip to Vegas isn't complete for me without a visit to Noodles.
Checked out Noodles about a year ago after a family member was raving about it. 

We went in for dinner on a Friday night. Somewhat of a line but the tables seemed to empty out fast and the staff was quick to clean and ready the table for the next customers.

Our group ordered family style and it truley was an awesome mix of asian dishes.

Ever since then I think everytime I am in vegas around the Bellagio I have taken a trip to Noodles.

Most recently I got there during lunch and they had multiple dim sum carts with a variety of foods to delight any pallet. 

Dont forget that this place is open till 2AM which makes it a great drunk treat for any vegas night!

Must try!
If you have ever stayed in Bellagio or passed through its casino floors, you probably have seen a line forming outside this restaurant at any given time.  These anxious people know a secret: Noodles is home to the best authentic wonton-mein soup outside of Hong Kong and Toronto.  I have been to this Chinese-American-operated restaurant approximately 12 times in the last 5 years; and, its quality has not degraded since my inauguration.  The broth of its wonton-mein is delicate (not salty) and its fresh thin egg noodle is firm with the perfect starch-egg ratio taste that melts away in your mouth.  

To complement this dish, I recommend their quarter roasted duck.  While it is on the expensive side, their tender dark meat selection is usually outstanding and beautifully cooked, leaving a nice crispy skin.  The duck comes with their bone neatly trimmed off; however, you can request for the bones should you want to extract some its flavors by dipping its caramelized seasoning into your soup as some people do.  

The other selections on Noodles' extensive menu are very good but not spectacular save for the delicious oxtail soup.  Though the dim sum here is usually excellent, especially the gorgeous Shanghai dumpling and the siu mai, there have been two occasions where these selections have failed me.  

The service here is usually quick and fast like most Chinese restaurants in New York, San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto, or LA.  The wait staff is straight-forward and no-nonsense; and, the hosts are friendly and efficient even when the line is 10 parties deep.  

As mentioned by another reviewer, I would not order any beverages here other than tea.  The sodas do not come with refills.  I personally recommend their Jasmine Pearl tea, which comes in a porcelain pot.

But, no matter what you order, you must try what many people love about this restaurant: the wonton-mein soup.
This place would get a 5 if service was a little better--granted, since my family has been staying at the Bellagio for 10 years now, it's nice to know that they like to keep the same staff.

Anyway, Noodles is awesome. I love their beef brocolli. Hits the spot. They also have dim sum Fri-Sun and it is GOOD. Their shrimp balls (ha, balls) are the best.

We eat here at least twice every time we go to Vegas!
It is true that I was completely famished when I came here for lunch. But I honestly think the dim sum and noodles were good quality and really delicious! I recommend the beef rice noodles (basically beef chow fun). The noodles had a great silky, tender texture, and the beef was extremely tender. This dish was nicely seasoned without being too salty. For dim sum, I highly recommend the shanghai dumplings, the chive dumplings, the pan-fried shrimp and pork dumplings, the pork bun, and their specialty custard bun which must be ordered in advance. Those custard buns were so fluffy and the custard was creamy yumminess. We ended up ordering a bottle of champagne to accompany our meal and it really enhanced the meal! This place definitely has Vegas Strip prices (not to mention that it's in the Bellagio) but the food was really good so I didn't mind the higher bill at the end of the meal.
I suppose if you've been gambling and it's late, you would like this place.  Nothing beats noodles after a few drinks.  The food here is slightly better than OK but I suppose it's great if you're from a state where Chinese food sucks.  Being in Vegas, I would expect the Bellagio to find better Chinese chefs.

Alright, here's what I think of the food.  I had the cantonese egg noodles.  Noodles were crispy and appropriately drenched in sauce/oil... Just the way I like it.  The portion was a good size.  However, the dish lacked that "wow" that I often get when I get really awesome cantonese fried noodles.  The clear noodle soup with poached chicken actually looked bland as hell but ended up tasting pretty good.  The Kung Pao Chicken was OK - nothing special.  

This place used to be a lot better when the Bellagio first opened.  Again, not bad if you're roaming around the Bellagio hungering for chinese food, noodles, a bit cheaper.  But it's not a destination restaurant by any stretch of the imagination.
I thought everything was very fresh and tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary.  I really liked the decorations on the wall and the whole setup of the place.  The prices were a little high, but that's because you're at the Bellagio.
This is my favorite noodle place in Las Vegas.  I have eaten here for lunch and at 1 in the morning as a good pick me up before heading back out into the neon lights of Vegas.

This place has something that I grew up with in Congee with pickled vegetables.  The pickles vegetables normally consist of pickled radishes along with some peanuts and some dried shredded pork.  I have tried the won ton noodle soup as it is a staple for any noodle shop.

To read what I thought of the won ton soup please check out my blog.
http://eatmoyfood.blogspot.com/
4.25. This place set my trip off. The food is mouthwatering. MSG was used very well, in all seriousness, I mean that in a good way. Rack up a couple of c-notes while playing pai gow just a few steps outside the restaurant, and dinner is paid for!
To be frank, it's a place you should come each trip you're in Vegas. Their straight forward menu and service lends itself to be a clutch late night spot. Hainanese Chicken was perfectly oily, the prata was flaky and gooey, the char siu pau was superbly steamed you could take a nap on its pillow-y top, shiu mai was plump and juicy, the hot and spicy cucumbers are made in house and just right when paired with the Hong Kong noodles or Mandarin Beef Stew. 

I know my southeast asian cuisine fairly well, and love it more than the rest of the world's fare,  but I am not afraid to admit that I'm not with the experienced majority, however I can lend my thoughts on the food to be taste-opening and wholesome. All said and done, I loved the place the minute I started eating, the moment I left and as I write this.
Let's start off why this place exists.  Steve Wynn built a fast in-n-out Asian joint (and spared no expense, that's real gold in the floors) that serves dishes from most every major culture (Thai, Various Chinese, Malaysia, Singapore, et al) that the high roller players next door in Baccarat could get in and out quickly with a great meal and get back to the tables.  Its a little hidden (off the main floor) and staffed to accommodate and pamper the high rollers.

The secret has been out for years and the place is generally packed, so plan ahead and go off hours.  A little insider secret, on busy nights you can order from Noodles from Room Service.  The food is amazing, take your pick.  A few favorites: Spicy Thai Noodle Soup, BBQ Pork, Roast Duck, Shu Mai, Satay, Pad Thai Noodle, Ox Tail Soup, you really can't miss here.  Dim Sum on the weekends is always a good choice.  How do you know a good Asian place, look around and see who is eating there - its generally packed with well dressed Asian shopping and gaming tourists and the Bellagio is doing everything possible to make them happy.  Not stereotypical, the same holds true with looking for local pick-up trucks at a diner.  The pricing is moderate for Vegas, not cheap but a good value. 

In Vegas, you have to work the system and this is a great example.    High roller quality available to anyone willing to find Noodles and enjoy.
fast service.good food.wonton beef stew soup,siu mao (4 pcs),char siu (bbq pork steamed buns)& thai iced tea are highly recommended.a good place to go for night owls.
Do you really expect to find a traditional Chinese place inside the Bellagio?  Well, given that they've got Monets, high-end baccarat, and a bunch of other cool stuff, yes, I guess I do.

Take that traditional Southeastern Asian cuisine, add Americanized customer service, feng shui decor...and you've got Noodles.

I ordered Hainanese Chicken Rice there - an ancestral traditional dish and one of my favorite foods to eat in the whole world, and it was prepared wonderfully - out there in the middle of the damn Nevada desert.

If you have a Chinese food itch that a Chinese take-out place won't scratch, come here.  You'll also have the pleasure of walking through my favorite casino in Las Vegas (a town I only come to for food and shows).
This is our favorite chinese spot for upscale Dim Sum (very tasty) or the Beef Noodle Soup.  Both are great.  Pair it with some soy milk and you have a fantastic lunch.  They also do a great Steamed Custard Buns but you have to special order, which I always do.

Expect a wait unless you get there at 11am.
Pretty surprisingly authentic! 

Landed and was hungry, came early enough (6pm) that there was no line.
Had 3 meat BBQ dish (duck, soy chicken and BBQ pork) - delicious and just like in chinatown back home. Sauteed Pea vines with garlic - can't go wrong! And their house noodle dish, stir fry homemade noodles with prawns - Great!
Better then what i thought it would be overall.

Best of all you have your asian moms and pops cooking behind the kitchen, you know its good when it looks like your grandma is cookin it up!
I frequent Vegas and usually stays at the Bellagio, needless to say I've tried all the restaurants the hotel has to offer, some multiple times! Noodles is one of my favorite eats at the Bellagio (as well as the entire strip). 

The restaurant itself is very clean and nicely decorated; staff are friendly and food usually comes out pretty fast. Reasonably priced for hotel restaurant standards. Most dishes are about $18+, with decent sized portions.

Most of their appetizers are nothing to write home about with the exception of the Roti Prata (Roti bread with curry sauce), the curry has just the right amount of kick without being too sweet. The Laksa curry noodle is my favorite dish hands down (huge portion too). Perfectly cooked noodles in a rich coconut curry broth. It's a little spicy so I don't recommend this for people who like their food mild. Another recommendation is the sea bass congee. Mildly seasoned and the fish is very fresh, great choice for someone who is looking for something tasty and light. Their BBQ is surprisingly good and authentic, duck and bbq pork are the two popular choices. Though it can be a little too salty at times. Be sure to try their Mango pudding as well as fresh mango served with a side of coconut sesame rice (forgot the actual name of the dish) if you're craving for something sweet. 

Nice restaurant, friendly service and great food. There's really nothing to not like about Noodles. Only downside is they tend to get pretty busy, if you go during dinner time there's usually a wait.
The food smells good, but my chicken chow mein left me unsatisfied. The curry vermicelli is a better choice. They serve very big portions, so I suggest you order family style. Unfortunately a lot of food went to waste because we didn't want to take doggy bags to our next stop...the strip club.
I was looking forward to eating here while taking a class at Bellagio. Couldn't decide what to order, so I went with my favorites, the Hainan Chicken Rice and Curry Laksa. The chicken rice was presented well but the taste was disappointing. The chicken was salty, and tasted more like Hong Kong style steamed chicken. The chili sauce was out of a jar, garlic chili. The Ginger sauce was super salty. The curry laksa dish was not authentic either.   Too light, creamy, and the noodles were too soft. For close to $20 per dish, I expected a near perfect rendition. Unfortunately, neither came close.
Wow, if you want authentic and excellent, this is the place.  Actually eat here twice it was so good.  Just like back in Asia.
Skip it. My friend and I love Asian food. We were seated promptly on this weeknight, and the restaurant seemed clean, but that is where the positive experience ended. Once seated and waiting for our drinks, the guests next to us seemed to have finished their meals and were waiting for the bill. I asked how their meal was. Neither were pleased with their dishes, and wished us "luck." 

We ordered pot stickers to start, and then a simple sesame chicken, BBQ pork flat noodles and Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce. And then the wait began. After 35 minutes, the pot stickers came out. Then no more than 5 minutes later, the rest of the meal was brought to the table. 

The pot stickers were okay, but nothing spectacular. Sesame chicken was average. Noodle texture was good, but no flavor whatsoever. Bummer. $75 for a ho-hum dinner. I expect more from you, Bellagio.
Order's up! Solid dim sum at Vegas Strip prices. 

While I could stop there, this place deserves a bit more info...

The Good: Fried shrimp balls, tasty pork dumplings, chicken buns, extensive menu and lightning fast service. These ladies (and gents) don't waste any time getting you fed. If you're not a starvin' Marvin, Noodles is a great choice to dip into some Dim Sum. 

The Meh: For not a ton of food (dim sum included), hubs and I still spend $60 on lunch. Plus, some of dishes could have used a bit more flavor - including the shrimp shu mai and steamed veggies. I was reaching for the chili sauce quite a bit to add some kick.

Overall, not a bad spot to grab a fast bite...just be prepared to pay for it, literally!
Dropped by here with two friends whilst at a conference in Vegas.
We were lucky and didn't have to wait ... but have seen the line looking pretty long before.

Solid asian soups, noodles, dim sum etc.
Nice atmosphere.

Great for a quick bite.
My friends and I ate here in April on a Friday night, after the "O" show ended.  We wanted some Asian food, saw the name "Noodles" and we were sold.  We went in expecting the food to taste Westernized, but it was actually pretty good.  The restaurant was pretty full, but we were seated within 15 mins.  

I saw "Laksa Curry Noodle" on the menu and my eyes lit up.  I still reminisce about the authentic and oh-so-good food I had while in Malaysia, so I was looking forward to trying the version here.  

The bowl was full of chunks of chicken breast, fish "cake" slices, an egg, a load of noodles, and creamy curry sauce.  Although it wasn't as authentic as the laksa noodle dishes I had in Malaysia, Noodles' version is pretty good.  Of course the price ($18) is a bit steep for a bowl of noodles, but it's to be expected since it's located inside the lovely Bellagio (see pic).

My friends ordered the Vietnamese Seafood Pho (just ok, not authentic enough) and the Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle (nice hearty flavor).  

I would eat here again if I was too lazy to catch a cab to the plethora of Asian restaurants located on Spring Mountain Road (off the strip).
This was my first dining in VEGAS that wasnt AYCE. There was about a 20 minute wait in line. Let me tell you about my adventure...

My friends and I wanted something to eat...our hearts were AIMED at the BELLAGIO BUFFET. When we got there, the line was OUT OF THIS WORLD! SHIT...I guess BELLAGIO BUFFET would have to wait. In addition, we were in a bit of a time constraint...we only had 2 hour left before heading out to the MARQUEE nightclub. As we walked around confused...we searched for the CHEAPEST/MOST BANG FOR OUR BUCK restaurant....eventually...we ended at NOODLES.

We checked out the menu...pretty cheap...especially for a VEGAS setting...and they have NOODLES! my favorite kind of food! The thing that stood out to me was their SEAFOOD PHO...with a whomping price of $18!!! HOLLLY COWWW. 

Anywho...I ordered the BEEF NOODLE SOUP AND THE SPICY CUCUMBER.

-the spicy cucumber was interesting...the way I imagined it were smaller cuts of cucumber with some chili or some pepper looking item...instead it was a long look-alike cucumber with a sour and sweet taste....hmm I was confused...but whatever, maybe its been awhile since Ive had CHINESE food
-then the BEEF NOODLE SOUP came out...wowww. It looked amazing. The food was good, the beef was guud...but the noodles....eh it was alright. I guess it was OK in a  VEGAS setting, but Ive def. had better. 

Overall, the meal was satisfying and filling. I probably wont come out here again unless Im staying at the BELLAGIO. 

UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
So I went to Noodles on a whim for lunch.   Yelp has $$ for the cost.  So 20 minutes later, I was $70 poorer.  Is one noodle entree, 5 dim sum items & 2 drinks worth that much?  Plus the dim sum was room temperature or barely warm.  At best, I would say this wasn't worth more than $30.   Just my opinion.  Looking for decent food at a good price-rent a car & leave the strip.  Don't make yourself a captive there.
Maybe, like another reviewer pointed out, I just have crappy Chinese where I live.  Or maybe I just enjoy eating here when I'm in town.  Whatever the reason, I find this place to be pretty good overall.

It comes off a little classy while still being casual enough for it not to come off stuffy.  You may wait a bit to be seated at dinner times; but otherwise, the service as a whole I have found to be efficient enough.

The fried pot stickers are full of pork and de-lish.  This most recent visit I had the shrimp chow mein.  It too was good as well though maybe a little greasy.  The food in general is a little pricey but let's face it, you are in Vegas; and you're eating at a restaurant nestled inside of Bellagio.  Cheap is not what you should be expecting or looking for here.  With that said, it's not over the top or out of line with anything else similar here.

Noodles is another option to consider when you're in Vegas looking for some good Chinese.
Yuck.  
If you like fatty, greasy, tasteless food, this is for you.
The experience started with the long wait. Once we were seated, the service was horrendous.  We go out to eat a lot and have a solid understanding of good service, this was awful.  Angry, frustrated staff. No smile, barely a hello. When asked for recommendations on the menu, she pointed to one section of the menu and said this is all good. 

We ordered: 
Hong Kong Noodles: Came out as crispy noodles with shrimp, fat dripping in oil, just lard, yuck.
XO Green Beans: We expected spicy green beans and these were a big disappointment due to lack of any flavor or any spices.
Noodle Soup: Name started with an L (cant remember full name) was the only semi-flavorful item. It was in coconut milk with noodles and chicken. Decent, and actually tasty. The chicken however did not look like real chicken, must be imitation.
Beef with Asparagus: Not good, not spicy, also greasy and definitely not worth $21. 
We sent the Hong Kong Noodles back, we couldn't send back everything obviously, that would be too much. They still tried to slip us the check with the noodles though and when we objected she said we'd have to talk to the manager (keep in mind, this restaurant is in BELLAGIO), after a stare down to the manager they adjusted the bill.

We live in San Francisco and are used to good quality Chinese food and excellent service. We have no qualms to pay good money for good service and good food.
However, this place was a huge disappointment.  Would never recommend and will never come back.
I'm always critical of my Asian food so I was expecting this place to be disappointing. It is your typical Asian-fusion restaurant - lacking authenticity and overpriced. 
We had: 
Laksa Curry Noodle - good flavor, but portion was small and it wasn't that exciting. 
Barbecue Rice - rice was lose and the barbecue pork wasn't tender and wasn't that flavorful. 
Water Spinach with Belachan chili - our favorite dish. It's "kangkong" with shrimp paste and thai chili. It was really good and probably the most authentic dish. 

I don't usually comment on service, but our older male server was the best! He was so nice, hardworking and friendly - he definitely made up for the disappointing food.
Usually when you walk into a Chinese restaurant, you expect to order dishes that are meant to share as a family. This place has dishes that were only made for one person. The portions were tiny and the food wasn't great. It tasted like Americanized-Chinese food. The service wasn't the best either. The waiters had somewhat of a attitude; because my party was big, they decided to be rude.

Now, onto the incident. I had ordered beef chow fun and what do you know? There was a hair chilling between the noodles, YUCK! I knew it wasn't my hair because I'm a woman with long hair. I had complained to the waiter and it took them a good 20 minutes before coming back to me apologizing and offering me another dish for free.

They were kind enough to give me a free dish and I'm sure the hair wasn't purposely placed on my dish. In all honesty, I probably won't be back.
im not feelin the decor. call me picky, but dining in an atmosphere that actually works for you somewhat has an affect on your mood/experience. well, this place wasn't cutting it for me. first thing i felt like when my friends suggested to dine here was... is this an herbs store? i get that they're trying to make it look chinesey and alla that but i dont know, it just wasnt working for me. everything was a pale shade of yellow. the seating arrangement was kind of weird, and the location was a bit hidden in the corners of the bellagio casino. if it werent for the signs and people wanting to dine here, i would've completely missed it by walking right by it. i wasnt hungry on the day that my friends decided to eat here. we came as a huge party, and they split us into two different sitting arrangements. i ended up only ordering orange juice while watching my friends eat. from what i saw, the food was okay. it wasnt something that you would remember and come back for. as for my oj, eh. it was kind of gross. and no, it did not taste "freshly squeezed." but i mean you cant expect much. maybe i'll come back, maybe i'll actually try some of the stuff. but from what i saw, it's overpriced and not worth your money.
Dishes ranged from $3.25 to 7.50 which was a surprise for a place located in the bellagio. Overall i was impressed with the quality of the food (including the obligatory chicken feet) and the service. The plates were smaller than other dim sum places not located in vacation areas, the ambiance wasn't super vegasy, and the wait was about 25 minutes (they don't allow reservations). I'll def come back when we're back in town though.
There rate only 3.5..  

I think this place is pretty good. Nice area. The food is pretty good too as in Vegas here. The price is ok for Vegas (the strip)

The most I like service here . I think is the best of all.
Went to Noodles the day after my friend got married at the Bellagio.  We had a large party (10 people) and waited for an hour and a half as other groups were seated before us.  After waiting this long, the staff finally thinks to offer to split our group.  (Really?! You just sat about 5 parties in front of ours, and from what I saw of the restaurant, you probably could not have found seating for our entire group anyway---so what took so long?)

My now shrunken group of 6 finally gets seated, and the waiter takes 15-20 minutes to come over and take our orders.  (BTW, what restaurant does not offer a side of veggies?  The only veggie offered separately on the menu was edamame, for $7!)  

When the food finally rolls out (slowly), the orders are completely wrong.  

I ordered the Beef Brisket Stew Noodles.  What I got was oxtails with noodles and bok choy.  One of my fellow dinner companions ordered the beef brisket fried rice.  She also got oxtails with fried rice.  We tried to talk to the waiter and he raised his voice to tell us that it was brisket (we simply asked what kind of meat it was) and then ran off.  We flagged down a waitress that was bringing water and asked her and she said "london broil".  I'm sorry, but there is no way that I am mistaking oxtails for brisket (I am from TX, I know my cuts of cow) or london broil.  (Presuming that either myself or the waitress were correct, what was in my bowl is not what I ordered.)  My friend absolutely refuses to eat her food, as she doesn't mind eating ox, but just doesn't want to eat the tail.  I nibble at my food (mom used to make oxtail stew at least once a month when I was a kid, so I'm familiar) but I am not pleased.  Brisket/ London Broil does not look like medallions of meat connected by ligaments.  The meat was tender, and there were no bones, but I was reconstructing oxtails (minus the bone) on a plate on the side by the end of the meal.

 Another one of our group ordered chicken chow mein.  Her meal did not arrive for 20-30 minutes after everyone else got their food, and only came out after we flagged the waitstaff down multiple times to ask about her meal.  

 My friend's mom ordered Soya Chicken with the chow mein noodles.  She got poached chicken (there was no way that chicken was marinated in soy sauce-- we all know what boiled chicken looks like!) and the wrong noodles.  When she asked the waiter about it, he insisted that it was soya chicken and argued with her about the noodles.  

She had also ordered combination fried rice with bbq pork and chicken, only to receive rice with beef and shrimp.  She decided not to argue or ask the waiter about it because we had so many things wrong with our table's meals and no one even tried to correct it.

Ok, so I'm not one of those "the customer's always right" people when I go out, but for a restaurant in the Bellagio, I expected way better service.  If you are out of brisket, tell us.  Don't lie and say it is something that it is not.  Don't argue with your customers about what they ordered when you bring what is clearly the wrong thing.  This was a horrible dining experience, and I'd never repeat it again. 

In Summary:
Overpriced. Limited Options. Rude Waitstaff.  Unwillingness to correct errors even when confronted, to the point where the servers are lying about what is on the plate.
Saturday Dim Sum is Awesome!
I eat for Lunch duriing the week, Great service Great Food, Good Prices!
I recommend this place for a late dinner.  Not exactly the best Chinese food in town but if you're hungry for Chinese and the buffet line is longer than the wall of China, then give it this joint a try.  Very good Chinese broccoli, crunchy and juicy. The Sweet Pork was a bit dry and so were the BBQ pork buns.  The service was below average for being part of the Bellagio but meh... just been here twice and it hits the spot for the price you pay.
Prompt service.  Yaki udon noodles & chicken pad thai were tasty.
LOVEDDDDD the dim sum here...absolutely LOVED it!! Went here for brunch during one of my Vegas trips - was staying at the Bellagio, so it was convenient. Disclaimer: I've never had dim sum before coming here (I know, and I'm from the Bay..what a disgrace..)...so I may not be the best critic of dim sum.
When I went to Vegas recently we came here a couple times. It does good, reasonably priced Chinese food. It was perfect that it was so close for us. We stayed in the Vdara which is next door to Bellagio - and there is a handy walkway so its just minutes away.

Had various dishes including a lovely chicken dish - cant remember the name. First time we went we was the night we landed and we had all been awake for around 24 hours. I got an earlier flight so I was especially tired.

The 2nd time we visited here, we had a lobster (the normal Chinese style with garlic and spring onions). Very tasty - although Manchester (UK) is just as good!

When I did my result for Chinese restaurants in Vegas, there were several but I think a lot of them are either modern/contemporary so all sorts of fancy stuff and/or very expensive. Noodles is a good "normal" tasty Chinese restaurant.
9 people from NYC $295.00 bill.... Overpriced mediocre Chinese food...

It seems to me that no matter where you put a Chinese restaurant and no matter how much you charge, service is always below par.

Look, I am Chinese and I live in NYC.  I am used to crappy service Chinese restaurants, it just  a part of the culture.  Bad service, cheap prices, GREAT FOOD! right?

Not at Noodles - Las Vegas... CRAPPY Service, EXTREMELY expensive and CRAPPY Food.... This is the trifecta of crap here, please stay away....
Considering this is in the Bellagio and on the strip, this is a pretty good place.  The price is not exactly the cheapest for asian food but it is the cheapest for being on the strip!  I'm chinese so I can tell you that this food is authentic.  It's real hard for me to find authentic chinese food in Louisiana... I usually have to go to Houston.  All we have here is so-call chinese food thats not at all authentic.  I like noodles because they have a variety of asian food.  They have dim sum, thai food, chinese food, vietnamese food, and... not really sure what else... but there was a lot of choices.  I got this chinese veggie thats only cooked in authentic places and it was great.  I did get the porridge one morning and did not like the side plates.  I wanted some sour things to put in it... I thought they were going to be the usual authentic sour radish and so forth that we make at home.  Instead it was this pickled cucumber from a can. on the weekends they have dim sum.  You can tell its good b/c this is one of the few places you actually see old asian people come eat.  You know a place is authentic when there's a bunch of old chinese women there.  I also like noodles because they were opened very late.
Fantasgic place to eat! Me and my boyfriend come go vegas at least once a year and wd come here at least once a trip. Tried the pan fried dumpligs this trip and they were amazing. And the sauce they give u is sweet and a bit tangy and delicious. 

Sometimes there is a wait but it's worth it. They are pretty fast at seatingand even when its packed they get the food out fast. 
definently a must in vegas
The service is slow,
But their food is excellent.
My fave in Vegas.
We tried to make reservations at this restaurant so we could have dinner before going to see 'O', but it is first come first serve. We arrived at the restaurant at 6:15, but there was all ready a line. I asked the what time they closed...1:40 AM. So, instead, we went to the show and after we had our dinner.
We ordered the Hong Kong style noodles with pork and Roast Duck. The waiter was very attentive. Our water glasses were always full.
As for the dinner, the Hong Kong style noodles were soaking in sauce that had a weird flavor. The noodles were really thin for egg noodles. If they were thicker, I think it wouldn't have absorbed all the sauce. The duck was excellent, boneless and full of flavor.
This was the second time we ate there...don't think we'll be back anytime soon.
oodles of noodles =)

We came in this little restaurant for a late dinner.  We started off with some orange juice and hot tea.  For food, we ordered the shiu mai and the crab noodles.  The shiu mai was pretty good.  It was 4 pieces of steamed pork and vegetable dumplings.  I noticed there was cooked tobiko caviar on top.  yum.  the crab noodles were okay.  they used rice noodles with a lot of pieces of crabs.  a little bland but we put soy sauce on it.  the food was pretty good.

For our pot of tea, an orange juice, 1 appetizer, and 1 noodle, our total was $44 without tip.  I thought it was a little over priced considering the quality and how much food we got.  The type of asian food they had were thai, vietnamese, japanese, and korean.  some of the items were ridiculously priced.  for example, vietnamese rice porridge was $13 when normally it would be only $5.  Your an idiot if you order rice in broth water for that much.  My other complaint was that the restaurant was extremely cold.  It was uncomfortable.  Overall, the food is good, but definitely not worth the price.  Nothing exquisite about this place.
I hate asian restaurants that mix up asian food from all different countries, then put it on one menu.  It's never done really well because some dishes may be more on the authentic side, but others won't live up to standards.

This is exactly what you get at Noodles in the Bellagio - they mixed Cantonese, Mandarin, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, you name it.  I guess they figured they need a place to serve all of the rich Asian guests, and this is what they came up with.

I had the wonton noodle soup, and it was SOOO bland.

Yuck.
Well it's Definitely satisfying noodles but not for the price of $19 a plate. I know that anything on the strip and in a casino is usually pricey. But I didn't anticipate paying $19 for noodles. I forgot which one I got but it was like pad kee Mao with chicken. It was a bit spicy and very flavorful and greasy. It's the perfect drunk food ESP after a long night of partying.
Came here with a friend randomly to get some food. I ordered a classic Chicken Chow Mein simply because I always test out a new restaurant with an easy dish first.

The service was excruciatingly slow. I had ordered a lemonade or something and by the time It reached me I wondered when I had ordered it. 

The food was abundant; I had a full plate and as starving as I was, could not finish it. The noodles were very delicious though, and the chicken was tender. The sauce/glaze...i don't now what it was but after I added some of that spicy sauce (i'm thinking it was just Rooster sauce) It became relevant to future stays in Vegas, repeat business status.

The place was very busy when we got in but I think it was the tail end of the lunch rush. I'll definitely come again maybe during an off-time.
Heard this was the best dim sum around from "very authentic' to "amazing" from several friends that frequented Vegas. A friend had organized a little dim sum group outing here...glad she did! 

We got there around 11am. There was already a line forming by the time we got there. Noodles only seats complete parties (and in some cases nearly complete parties if its reasonable that they will be there soon, like in our case). We were a group of 9. While we waited I took a shot at the Baccarat tables and learned a few things! 

Dim sum was spot on. We had the following (ordering in multiple dishes):

- Shiu Mai, Cantonese style shrimp and pork dumplings steamed

- Pot Sticker, a Chinese staple. It tasted as good as actually being in Asia.

- Char Siu Pau, Steamed bbq pork buns, the kind that has the puffy white breading. It was great. Moist (as it should have been as it was steamed).

- Malaysian-Style Roti Prata, It is a pan fried flaky bread. Was really good and came with a better than reasonable curry sauce. Perhaps I was caught up in the moment. 

- Roasted Pork, Was awesome....the name of the dish defines itself. prepared well. not too fatty though enough to keep it authentic. 

Probably one of the few meals that didn't include alcohol...instead we had THAI ICE TEA!!!!! I found out it was on the menu and ordered one to complete the memories from Asia...and then after I got mine everyone else got one following my "tastegasm".

Towards the end of our meal my friend saw that legendary Poker Player Johnny Chan was eating a few tables away from us. He was apparently the Bellagio's resident poker player. 

I will make a stop here again next time I am in town.
bomb.com
This place was so not good. It's my first day in the belagio and we went here as we were exhausted....

Pot stickers=undercooked and pink 
Sesame chicken=mainly breading, little
chicken actually involved 

This place is basically a way worse and more expensive version of PF Changs...

Also no bathrooms inside and took forever  to even get a table. Limited cocktail menu. Decent waiter though!
I want to start sentance by saying I love this place.  I discover this place by accident.  My girlfriend and I came out of "O"show in Bellagio and it was late and we were hungry.  I felt like eating some spicy fried rice.  
Even though it was 2AM, this place was open and crowded. Peopel head of us told us, its there 3rd time at the place, so we got good feeling about the place.  
I oder the fried rice, Kung Pao Shrimp, Fried Rice and Singapore Curry Rice Vermicelli with Shrimp and told our server to make it medium spicy, boy it hit the spot.  It was great chinese food. Loved it.  
Only reason i am giving it 4 stars becuase our server was little sleepy, other then that ambiance was great very contemporary dining.
I wish I lived in Vegas just because of this place! The Ox tail soup is probably one of the best soups AI have ever had the pleasure of eating. The Hainanese chicken is also super! Anything you order will be exquisite. Priced right too, for being in a Vegas hotel!
We came here on a hunt for an easy, relatively inexpensive dinner one night, nothing special. The menu is extensive, plenty of options to satisfy all taste buds. 

We ordered the pot stickers to start out and thank goodness they came out quick. The sweet and tangy sauce was excellent but the meat inside the pot sticker was a bit chewy.  Tempora shrimp rocked by world in a hearty batter. Spare ribs were next and they were great, a huge portion. The five spice sauce with peanuts was nasty though! Uni yaki noodles were excellent with fresh veggies (red/green bell peppers, onion, mushroom) and pork that was almost better than the spare ribs.

I'm not really sure what the deal is with the African themed decorations but whatever, the foods good.

I thought the set up of the restaurant itself was strange. There were huge tables for large groups but the majority of diners were in groups of 4 or less. Wasted space! Perhaps that's why there was a 30 minute wait on a Sunday evening.
My best friend is Asian and his superstitious tendencies say that if you eat noodles on your birthday, you will have a long life.  I won't lie, my mom tells me the same thing.  Anyhow, with that state of mind; he started his search for a place to eat, which he had never tried.  Alas, Yelp led him to a place called Noodles in the Bellagio.  Looking for a place to eat noodles... what better place to go than a restaurant called Noodles!?  Blah!!!!!

Pros:  
  * Very Beautiful Atmosphere
  * located inside Bellagio (fancy schmancy)
  * spacious seating w/ large family style tables
  * diverse selection of noodles from pho to singapore noodles
  * large portions
  *  The sauce that came w/ the calamari had a nice kick to it.
  * Hor Fun was Yum Yum.
Cons:
  * I haven't been to Bellagio on a Saturday in awhile, but let me tell you... Parking sucks!  No exaggeration, I was looking for parking for 45 minutes.
  *  Way over-priced, but this was expected for a fancy restaurant.
  *  The quality of the food sucked.  I'll talk more about that later
  *  The wait to get in the restaurant was almost an hour.
  *  After getting seated, it took the server 25 minutes before saying hi
  *  Took nearly 10 minutes for water
  *  Server forgot to bring my friends soda (she had to ask 2 times)
  *  My tea took another 10 minutes to bring

Ordered:
  Calamari - I'm a big fan of calamari, but this was chewy in a bad way.
  Hot Tea - nearly $9, but it does serve 4 so it's not too bad
  Singapore Noodles - definitely not what i expected, big portion though
  Ice Water- if you want water, get it w/ lemon to mask that "tap" taste
  Total cost:  nearly $40.00 !

Verdict:
  *  I wouldn't recommend this place.  I have no intention of coming back.  I do love that the portions were heaping, but I didn't really enjoy it much (at least not the Singapore Noodles).  My best friend ordered the Duck.  It was crispy on the outside, but the meat itself was a bit dry.  My friend's girlfriend ordered the Hor Fun.  This was pretty good.  If I had to come again, I'd definitely would order this.  I expected it to cost me what it did, but for that price, I was disappointed with the quality of the food (maybe I just didn't order the right stuff.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt) and definitely was not satisfied with the service.  Eek!  Me thinks not !

Tips:
  * go to Chinatown off Spring Mountain... there's plenty of selection for a quarter of the price.
  * you know how some place have water that has that weird taste, yea... Noodles has that type of water so get a hot tea or soda.
  *  Hor Fun was Fun indeed.  It's a safe bet for your Noodle virgins
For Asian cuisine, this is some of the best I have ever tasted! 

We have been to Noodles on several occasions, and the Chicken Fried Rice and Curry Chicken are standouts.  Spring Rolls are always fresh and crispy.  Dumplings are soft and pillowy with a nice sauce.  They have great hot Jasmine tea as well.

Can't wait for our return visit!
Oh man! It was bad, real bad.. We ordered a lot....of bad things! The dim sum alright; the har gau was actually good, but every other dim sum, meh. We selected duck, chicken, and char siu for our "Three Varieties of Joy," but the only thing to be joyful about was the roasted pork char siu. I don't know why the duck tasted like chicken and the chicken  was overcooked and the dark meat texture was like really tough chicken breast meat. Then they managed to make the beef rice noodles taste burnt which is the resulting taste if one doesn't wash the wok after cooking for a long period of time. The Singapore curry rice noodles still had some bits and chunks of curry powder with every bite. You know, for a place called "Noodles," the noodles were not good. The name really doesn't help. 

So we asked for the bill.. My friend was thinking about doing some quick shopping before her flight, but I guess that's not part of the plan anymore.. It took them 30 minutes to give us our credit cards back since the machine was down.. Aiya! Tsk...
When we arrived at Noodles ( Mid Saturday evening without a reservation ), and we were seated promptly, assisted by a friendly wait staff and had a really wonderful time! We ordered shrimp dumplings as appetizer which were really yummy but hard to get off the sticky paper in the bamboo steam box. I ordered the lump crab vermicelli and HIGHLY recommend it. It woudl be most comparable to Carbonara on an Italian menu. The flavor was light and without a doubt THE best meal I had the whole time I was in Las Vegas! I will certainly come back when I am back at this resort casino next time. 

One note that it was a bit hard to hear the wait staff as the place was very busy shortly after we arrived and my husband ordered a plate with shrimp and got chicken. He was happy with it though so I will say we have no complaints. It was also very reasonably priced. If I had to say something- I wuold suggest descriptions on the menu so people know what they are ordering. That was the hard part- we didnt order anything we didnt recognize by title but were pleased with the food choices. I could see where  this would be harder if someone didnt follow that rule.
This was my least favorite dining experience in Vegas. The tempura vegetables were great! But the shrimp wonton was sooooo "fishy" it was hard to eat! The broth was fishy too.... Yuck!
Dim sum at the weekend is served from carts and is really good.
It's hard to understand the mixed reviews.
We really enjoy this restaurant and go every year.
I judge a dim sum restaurant by their chicken feet and shrimp dumplings.
Both were excellent.
I had the Crab Vermicilli stir fry noodles and it was AWESOME.  So tasty, with real crab meat shreds.  A little on the expensive side but for good food, cost isn't an issue.  I will definitely come back again.
Not that impressed. The flavors were definitely not authentic and for way less money, I've had waaaay better food.  I know it's the Bellagio and I know it's Vegas, but shouldn't that mean they have world class chefs making authentic food? Anyway,  the only reason my boyfriend and I came here was for a quick meal before watching "O."  
We were seated promptly and our food was quick to arrive at our table.  The prices definitely reflect that you're paying for the location and not necessarily the quality of the food.  
My boyfriend had the seafood Udon which he liked.  I had the braised beef soup, which was bland.  The portion size was decent enough.  We ate most of our meal and were full.  
All in all, I'm disappointed.  I won't be coming back here again.  I suggest you save your $ and eat somewhere nicer as well.
UGH!! Worst mistake ever! We arrived to the restaurant Noodles in Bellagio in hopes of getting something yummy to eat. However, it was a bad gamble. When we got there for lunch, there was a line and we waited about 30 minutes. We thought, "Hmm, since there is a line, it must be somewhat decent." Boy, were we wrong!! 

We finally got seated and we saw the dim sum carts and ordered some dim sum. We ordered sui mai, pork ribs, and dumplings. They were EXTRA SMALL and a bit on the dry side. I love my sui mais moist and juicy!!  Okay okay...enough about the dim sum. On to the main course now. My hubby  ordered the seafood pho that was TWENTY DOLLARS and I ordered congee (rice porridge) with pickled veggies, even that was overpriced. 

Don't get me wrong, if the food was worth all that money, I wouldn't complain. The Pho came out in this extra tiny bowl! I mean, it was a small bowl, like those Asian soup bowls that we all have in our home. The Pho was bland and they only give you 3 measly shrimps and few slices of ODENG (fish cakes). REALLY? THAT's SEAFOOD PHO!! So disappointing. Now,  onto my dish. The congee wasn't anything special. The pickled radish was whatever too, nothing special. 

It really wasn't that great. I rather would have gone to Monte Carlo to their Asian noodle house instead. They have better size portions (u can definitely share) and better price. 

BTW, my hubby got sick after few bites of his food. Not that I'm saying it was the food that actually got him sick. He could have been sick from the disappointment of the food here at Noodles. ;)
If you're craving Chinese food and do not want to leave the Strip, this is the place.  After being in Vegas for several days, I was starting to miss home-cooked meals and this was as close as I could get.  I had the udon, dim sum, and sweet and sour chicken, and they were great. I felt the dim sum there tasted better than the dim sum back at home.  The portions were good but of course, it's pricier (everything in Vegas is expensive, duh).

The atmosphere was cute with jars of noodles on the walls as decorations.
At Noodles the prices are outrageous, but the food is delicious.  When my Sweet and Spicy noodles came out, I was a bit skeptical when it looked like a plate of spaghetti with some chicken thrown in it.  After the first bite, however, I was hooked.  The sauce was simply fantastic!  While $18 a plate is a bit hard to swallow, I would consider coming back for this dish alone.  At $4.50 a Coke (with no refills) though, you'd better stick to water.
EXTREMELY disappointed. 

Located in Bellagio, we came here for a quick bite to eat around lunch time. There were several Chinese people in front of us, so figured we couldn't go wrong here!

I am not sure where people are getting the large portion size and great price. I agree with some of the other people in which the portion size was measly, and the price is outrageous for the portion size you get. 

First of all, I have never been charged for hot tea at a dim sum place. We ordered the Homemade Garlic Ginger Sauce (Deep Fried) Chilean Sea Bass, which tasted great, but was gone in like three bites since it was so tiny. AND, we paid $33 for this tiny thing. 

I can't remember what else I ordered or ate since the check was outrageous for the amount of food we got. Completely overpriced, and I would not recommend this place to anybody. You might as well eat at a cheap Chinese buffet like 6 times for the price and food you get.
Love this place! portions are big enough for sharing!! great for the price.
I love this place so much that I wanted to eat here every day, but was not able to as my family wanted to eat in the other restaurants in the Bellagio as well. But excellent food, with great taste, and good service.
The line was long, we had a group of 4 the hostess decided to seat 2 who were way behind us at a table with a 4 people setting I don't know if they tipped her to get seated faster, so we ended up at the bar. The waitress just left all of our food infront of 1 person, maybe she forgot who ordered what? She was super rude and didn't speak much English only reason they are getting even 3 stars was because their pork and duck was good. Worst restaurant at belliago for sure. We will never be going back to this restaurant. Hire some better help or train your workers in customer service!!!
Love Love Noodles!!! 

Noodles is a little Chinese restaurant off the casino floor at the Bellagio.  Brightly lit, quick service, and amazing Chinese food!  They get the sauces just right here, so much so that you'll want to lick your plate!  I never leave Vegas without eating here or picking up a togo order. I have them on speed dial. 

My favorites from the menu: 
Kung Pao Chicken
XO Green Beens
Beef Stew with Noodles
Really really enjoyed the food here!!! One of the more authentic asian restaurants in Vegas too. We originally went to Bellagio to try out their lunch buffet, but after seeing how long the line extended out, we opt to try Noodles instead and it definitely did not disappoint. 

We were practically starving by the time we got seated...after a night out of drinking, I usually feel like I could devour an entire cow the next morning lol. We sat down and immediately started ordering the dim sum for appetizers. Had the Siu mai and ha cao, along with many other authentic dishes and let me tell you - we were shocked on how delicious it was! Fresh tasting, and seasoning and flavors were simply delish!

For my main meal, I had the Hainan Chicken with Rice and the BF had the Roasted Duck with Rice. Almost all the others had some type of noodle soup with either chicken or duck. Food was pretty good, and although a little more pricey than other asian restaurants, it was worth it. Will definitely come back again!
We decided to try this restaurant one night after a show when we saw the crowd inside and outside the restaurant. The wait time at 9:15 p.m. was horrendous--it took them more than 30 minutes to get us a table for two. 

We ordered the chicken chow mein and sauteed veggies. The veggies were nothing great--a bit on the bland side. The chow mein was unpalatable and left my friend feeling sick through the night and the next morning.

If we're ever there again, we will actively avoid eating here.
Decent and not memorable. Way overpriced even for Vegas standards. Beef noodle bowl was ok. Funny, they give you two slices of meat and two big chunks of fat.
Pretty nice spot for some fairly authentic Asian food. The venue is pretty small and you should be ready to wait for about 30 minutes on the weekends. 

My friends and I discovered the simple logic of Noodles' pricing. Take the price you would pay at any regular Asian restaurant not located in the Bellagio and multiply it by 2. We found this out the hard way when we all decided to get a bowl of white rice for each of us and saw that once we got the bowl it was $4 per bowl and that my glass of cranberry juice was $4.50. I mean I don't expect anything else since it is in the Bellagio but just giving you all a heads up.

The food I would give it a 3.5-4 (Crab vermicelli is delishhhh) but the reason I gave a 2 is because of the service. Unless they are trying to give you a really authentic experience of an Asian restaurant, which includes horrible service, then I get it. Other than that, there should be no reason why the service in such a high class place such as the Bellagio should be so bad! They seriously need some extra hospitality training. We would call our waitress to get us another glass of water for the billionth time and she would raise her finger up at us as if to hush us and rush off. Granted she did give us our water eventually, but every time we asked for something it was as if every waiter and waitress were walking by so fast to avoid being called on by anyone or it would be given reluctantly. Come on now, if I'm paying $4 for a tiny bowl of white rice I better be getting some tip top service!
The food is great but the service is terrible! I will not go back. It's sad because the food is great!
I was craving some authentic Chinese food while exploring the Bellagio, and came upon Noodles. While my seating wasn't great (at the bar, right next to the kitchen), the service was fine. I appreciated my waiter: an older, Asian server, and he was quite tolerant of my hacked American attempt at confirming the name of the beef stew in Chinese.

I had the Mandarin beef stew noodle soup, and it was delicious - it was authentic, and reminded me of my mom's home cooking!  The appetizer was decent (shrimp shumai), but the dessert was slightly lacking - mango sticky rice. When I order this, I expect my mango to be ready to eat! (It was still on the skin, and scraping it off with a spoon while getting really sticky in the process wasn't my ideal dessert). Nevertheless, two thumbs up for decent Chinese food!
Popped into Noodles randomly with 2 coworkers for a quick lunch today, and came away very impressed. I got the Double Happiness with Duck and Pork, and it was outstanding. Some of the most tender duck I've ever had.  My coworkers both got noodle dishes and raved about them.  
I will say the service was a bit odd - my meal arrived first, then about 5 minutes later one of my coworkers meals arrived, and then a couple minutes later, the 3rd plate arrived.
This review is for Noodles restaurant at the Bellagio - not impressed! Dinner for four and really looking forward to some great crab noodles until I picked up the nasty black worm in my food. The waiter was apologetic and offered to replace the dish but I was so grossed out I couldn't eat anything. Manager sent a mango pudding as consolation but not what you expect at the Bellagio.
Shrimp dumpling = 5 stars
Beef noodle soup = 4 stars
other dim sum = 3.5 stars

After drinking on a Friday night, I was craving for some noodle/asian food. I stayed at Cosmo, so Noodles was just next door in the Bellagio. Being a Taiwanese, I was NOT disappointed by their beef noodle soup. It was almost as good as the ones in Taiwan, but I think a little more spice would enhance the soup more. The noodle was slightly too well done. Surprisly, Noodles makes the best shrimp dumpling (dim sum) that I have ever had. 

Great food, but I probably would not come back because this is an over priced Asian restaurant.
this is the best Noodles place we have ever been too, my GF is Vietnamese and she always makes home made Vietnamese food at home, and  she even told me that this place had some awesome noodle soups, I had the Pad thai noodles, which was a little spicy but very delicious, and my GF had the Won Ton Noodle soup which had shrimp in the won ton, she loved it, I had a Thais Iced tea which is a little pricey, because you can get them for $2 off the strip, but it was still good to us. 5 stars, this place is small so expect there will be a line to wait to sit especially on a weekend.   the price is a good deal for what you get on the food though. oh and one last thing, the potstickers were AMAZING!!!
The food was really boring.  We got chow mein and the noodles were over cooked.  We hoped that in a place called "noodles" that they would know how to cook noodles.  Alas, this was not the case.  It was all just kind of average.
This place was just fine as a third rate Chinese restaurant...but it was not worth the time it took to get seated (5 minutes) or the money (reasonable for Las Vegas casino standards). The noodles were overcooked and the seasoning was bland. Skip this place and go to Lemongrass at Aria. When I want food like this I can go to Panda Express for the same thing.
Outstanding.  A bit overpriced, but it is in the Bellagio.  

We had shrimp balls as an appetizer, which were delicious.  I had the Spicy Thai Shimp Noodle soup, which was really, really good.  I would go back just for that!
Have feelings we had before,
Back when we were so innocent.
I pray for all your love,
Girl our love is so unreal...at NOODLES! - Jason Chen (best friend original)

Quickly sat down at the bar, ordered my beef chow fun with thai iced tea and 20 mins later i was satisfied. The iced tea was actually very spot on and was surprisingly big. The chow fun was average, since they used red onions...first time i've seen it lol. But i mean the food came out in like 5 mins and i had plenty of time before going to the airport. Service again was warming here, can't complain. Restaurant decor is good too.

Food: 4 stars --- Service: 5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
it may be pricey compared to what you are used to if you are asian (since you prob know how much everything REALLY costs to make) these noodle soups and dishes are definitley inflated by las vegas prices. i grew up eating these classic asian noodle dishes and while they arent the cheap bowls you can get for $5 in nyc chinatown, theyre good and fulfill your craving while away from home. expect to pay almost $20 a person for just an entree dish of noodles. no complaints on taste of food though. the menu is large and there will most definiltey be something for everyone. located in the casino near the lobby of the bellagio. great way to satisfy a craving! our waitress was very informative on the menu items and knowledgable about them as well. just a bit too pushy for me though. some staff may also come off as a bit snooty, and witty if you ask too many questions. you can also use your comp dollars from bellagio here!
I was the last to leave of the Bachelorette Party I attended this weekend and decided to walk the entire strip, twice...
Not sure if I was tired or just in awe of how Vegas is so neat and even in this time of recession here we ALL are gambling, staying in fancy hotels for $300+ a night, pretty much throwing away are hard earned money.  Atleast for me I know I work my azz of for my $.
Lucky for me my trusty iPhone Yelp app directed me to Noodles, which had very nice reviews.  Service was very nice and humble, all asian servers, surprised? No I was not I actually loved this nice little touch.
I asked my waitress what she recommended because everything looked delicious, The Yaki Noodles with Beef hit the spot. Noodles taste fresh which makes me wonder if there is someone in the back making them fresh as the order comes in lol!
Noodles was our detour resto after we discovered there was a 2hr wait for the Bellagio Champagne Brunch. Champagne brunch...Chinese Noodle Shop....eh minor difference. 

After a short 10 minute wait (while checking out the exorbitant price gouging on the menu....$9 dimsum?! $18 beef noodle soup?!), we were seated. The service was quite prompt.

As a group of starving Asian girls - you do NOT keep us waiting for our food. Our entrees took quite some time to make, even though they told us everything was already pre-made. As a result, we were forced to order a variety of the aforementioned pricey dim sum. The dim sum wasn't terrible; we shared the turnip cakes, spare ribs, and two zhong zi. For the price of those few dishes we could have had a FEAST back in NYC. But I digress.

Finally the noodles come out & the portions are deceivingly big! The noodle soup bowls look small, but are actually quite deep. The dry noodle dishes are definitely large - can definitely feed 2 people and keep them full. I had the Laksa noodles; coconut broth was heavenly, but I struggled to find enough of my broad flat noodles in there =( We also ordered a side dish of steamed bok choy, oyster sauce on the side (cus we health conscious like that! ;D). That was $9. Insane! But oh-so-good after a weekend of eating potato chips. 

Their last saving grace was the Viet Iced Coffee! It was not overly sweet, but had just enough caffeine kick in there to help us through our 3 hour sleep the night before. 

Bottom line - overpriced Chinese food, but gets the job done. Split the dishes.
This place serves mildly authentic, mediocre food. A little pricey but it is a Vegas hotel restaurant. Still worth visiting to satisfy certain cravings.

Service was always fast, and on the friendly side.

My mom and I came here twice (we were staying at the Bellagio). On our first visit I ordered the mandarin beef noodle soup. While the beef and tendons were well-cooked and tasty, I did not like the soup as much; it was more like marinade/braising sauce than beef broth. Some may argue that this is common in beef noodle soup, but being from Taiwan (a place where beef noodle soup is extremely popular) I'm not a huge fan of this type of soup. All-in-all I still enjoyed the dish, the beef chunks and tendons were nice.

The seafood pho my mom ordered was also plain, although my mom liked it. 

On our second visit I had the Dan Dan noodles while my mother ordered the Hainanese chicken rice and a side of Shu Mai. While I'm not an expert at either of the main dishes, I quite enjoyed the Dan Dan noodles; they reminded me of tasty dry noodles with sauce that I used to have as a kid living in Taipei. I would have preferred if there was more soup; the noodles were really taking up the small bowl and sucking up most of the soup.

 The chicken rice, on the other hand was not so good. The rice itself was dry, and everything else about the dish was mediocre. The Shu Mai were dry and average-tasting as well.

Still, Noodles isn't all that bad for a quick bite of Asian food; it gets the job done.

Taking into consideration that the type of food Noodles serves is - to my knowledge - quite rare in Vegas, it might deserve a 3.5.
The food was good, definitely better than what we can get at China Town, but not the best. The dim sum were okay, not the best. I like that they don't make the dim sum greasy. The beef chow fun was satisfactory but not exceptional.
I especially like their beef fried rice though, had it twice during my 2 week stay in vegas. My stomach wasn't feeling well sometimes and the beef fried rice seemed to do the trick.
The service was good. I don't think there is MSG as I don't have my allergic reaction after eating there. MSG free food is always worth it. I think I will go back especially for their beef fried rice.
First of all, skip any curry dish! It is way too overpowering!  Duck was good, but needs to come with a vegetable. Tofu Yaki udon was good and light for Asian noodles.  Tofu eggplant was good, but was very heavy, and not spicy, though I asked for VERY spicy.  Short wait, which was great because we needed to have a nice, quick dinner that night.
Between 2 and 4 stars, so it averages to a 3. 

What was 2 stars?  The service, the price, and the food.  The 2 star service was mostly how we ordered a Diet Coke and a Coke and we got two Diet Cokes and how they brought out a noodle soup dish first and then the other three fried noodle dishes about 10-15 minutes later.  The price was a bit much for what you get, although it wasn't unexpected in Vegas, let alone the Bellagio.  But seriously, it's noodles.  The dish probably costs $2 to make and is usually marked up to $6 or $8 at a normal restaurant....but $15 or $20 here?  Pffffft.  That's what I have to say about that.  The 2 stars for food is for the upset stomach about 20 minutes after leaving.  

The 4 stars were for the service and the food.  The service was great because no matter how fast I drank my drink, it was rarely empty and when it was, it didn't stay empty for long.  I got the spicy dan dan noodles which turned out to be pretty tasty.  The ground pork could have been any cut and didn't have much flavor.  The spiciness was on the very low side so I had to add a lot of the chili sauce they have on the table.  I got to try some of the fried noodle dishes and they seemed pretty similar to each other.  But the flat Thai-style noodles were pretty tasty. 

Overall, this restaurant is just okay.  It's the budget Bellagio meal and it honestly doesn't feel like it belongs in the casino.  I think that was because the ingredients are cheap to begin with and the menu was mostly stocked with the standard Asian dishes you can find anywhere else in the country.  There were some interesting things, I'll admit, but for the most part I've seen it all before.  This sentiment would probably be different if they had something like chicken feet in the dim sum menu, but alas.  If you don't want to spend a lot for food, I'd suggest walking somewhere else, you'll get more bang for your buck.  I won't go back because there are so many other things that are as good or better for the same price in the immediate area.
Just a quick lunch,; in & out. Spot on Dan Dan Noodle soup. Terrific!
Some of the best noodles ever! The pot stickers were also very tasty. I will definitely be back the next time we are in LV.
I was actually very surprised this place was good. I got the ox tail soup, along with several dim sum dishes, and was very happy with everything I got. I didn't get to try the actual noodles because of my low carb diet, but the ox tail soup was very good and I would definitely go back for some noodles!
My wife and I came in here when we were staying at the Bellagio for our wedding/honeymoon week (4/22-4/26/12). We were both tired on that Tue night, and had plans to go to a fancy steakhouse the next night, so we wanted to play it mellow. We came here with no reservations and only had about a 15 minute wait. I tend to be a picky eater, so my wife was a little worried about me finding something on the menu. I ended up going with the noodle soup (with soya chicken). When it came to the table, it was a little bland - but after adding the hot sauce and soy sauce to the soup, it was REALLY good. The waitress was nice, and very attentive. Overall, it was a good experience and a nice dressed-down evening.
Service was just okay,  Fast at the end if they're trying to get you out of there. Probably the most expensive $18 pho I've seen in my lifetime, but it's the Bellagio so understandable.  I had the fried/crispy noodles with chicken ($17), chicken was tender, the sauce was good but way too drenched.  The egg noodles were thin like vermicelli so thicker I thought would've been better.  The dim sum was surprisingly good - steam pork buns, pork dumplings (shumai), and chicken feet.  $4.25 to $4.75 isn't too outrageous.
Poor service. Weird layout. Noisy. Very bad fried rice. And of course overpriced for the quality and quantity of good though reasonably prices compared to the other Bellagio restaurants. If you sit at the counter, you face a wall inches from your face. Just weird. Decor is uninteresting.
In the city of excess, some jasmine tea and a steamy bowl of pho is a very welcome thing.

It's not cheap - I think my bowl of Vietnamese Seafood Pho was about $18 - but it was soothing, aromatic (lots of cilantro, just the way I like it), and delicious (and huge, with large chunks of fresh seafood).  It was actually one of the best bowls of pho I've had (mind you I live in NYC, which is notoriously lacking in solid Vietnamese cuisine, but still).  The shrimp and pork shumai ($9) were gorgeously plump and tasty - an excellent way to start the meal.  And the Fresh Young Coconut ($8) was a terrific way to end.

Service was a little slow, and my waitress wouldn't serve me congee because she didn't think I would like it (I beg to differ, but no sense arguing with the person in control of preventing you from passing out from hunger).  The menu is vast, not for the indecisive, and a little schizophrenic, drawing inspiration not from one country, but four (Thailand, Japan, China, Japan).  Simply decorated, it is not flashy or fancy.  We were there early afternoon, and there seemed to be more executives on their lunch break than hotel guests (a good sign?  I think so).  Overall, a solid choice with great food.  It lacks the razzmatazz that personifies so much of Vegas, but offers a nice, simple hunger solution following several days (and nights) of gluttony.
We came here for a Saturday night dinnah and I am less than impressed.  We waited almost 20 minutes only to be seated right outside the kitchen even though there were MULITPLE tables throughout the restaurant that didn't have people seated at them until 10 or 15 minutes after we were seated and some remained empty the entire time we were there!

The servers were nice but lacked knowledge and took forever in between table visits.  When ours finally came back I asked him if it was individual or family style serving and he didn't know what I meant.  *sigh*  It turned out to be family style (each dish could serve 3 or 4 easily).  I ordered the thai noodle tom yum soup and while the broth was arromatic and all, it lacked flavor.  I had to pull the veggies and shrimp out to slice them up so I could eat them without choking.  The cilantro was a great touch but it was like they braided it together and threw it in the bowl- I could only get huge chunks of it all at once.  I love me some cilantro but this is ridiculous.  

Overall, I can't say I would return to Noodles.  The smoke from the casino wafted in on a regular basis seeing as there was absolutely NO separation between the two capping off the negative experience.
This restaurant had a big line to eat and the waiting system here is absolutely horrible. They make you stand in line for over an hour with no pager or any other system which would allow the guests to sit in casino or do something else. Also none of the restaurants in Bellagio including Noodles has a couch or waiting area which would allow the patrons to sit. This reflects a very callous attitude by bellagio where they dont have a couch or a pager system.

The food is OK. The 2 table besides the counter in the back is close to each other and there is very little privacy...

So overall a very dissatisfying dinner - 45 min wait with no place to sit and wait, food is Just very average and the waiter is very abrupt so cant give any points for service either.
I've been coming here since they first opened in Bellagio. I'm glad they are still here. I always get the Hanianese Chicken with garlic rice and chicken broth soup. So yummy! I love the dim sum here and the wonton noodle soup.
People coming complaining about the price? ITS VEGAS!
Open till 2am DAILY! YAY!
OK - I've been here before for the beef noodle soup - but I actually think this place even though is expensive does hit the spot for asian food if you are around the Bellagio. 

I ordered a BBQ Pork Wonton Hor Fun noodle soup but they gave me egg noodles by accident. I told them and they came back with an extra heaping of BBQ Pork. Grateful and delighted. I also like that the soup is very hot. Pricey but what can you expect when you're on the strip in Vegas?
This is my go to place at Bellagio any time I have family in town. No matter what time of the day you go, the place is always busy and there is usually always a wait because they don't take reservations. We always get the calamari, pot stickers, Malaysian fried rice (beef and chicken), salt and pepper shrimp and kung pao chicken and shrimp. The food does take a while to come out but it is well worth the wait. Most of the food served there is made to share for the whole table so the price may seem expensive but for the amount of food you get, its not that bad. Also, make sure to try the Thai iced tea, it is delicious!
Always eat here 3 or 4 times each vegas trip. Great shrimp wonton noodle soup, pork buns, pot stickers , BBQ pork and duck.
Really poor service, really long waits, incredibly average food at a pretty absurd price. No free refills on soft drinks is always something that irks me as well.
Decent food and relatively reasonable prices for Vegas ($15-20 range for most entrees).  Good selection of traditional style Asian dishes. Sweet and spicy noodles were particularly delicious. Main complaint was the service. Dishes arrived at different times, which is acceptable.  But a 15 minute delay between the arrival of different plates is a bit much.  Also, there was a fairly long line for seating.  However, both could possibly be attributed to the Saturday night rush. Overall, worth a visit.
Was here about a week ago. This place takes overpriced to a new level. Come on. $18 for beef brisket and noodles that can be had in Chinatown for $5. Vietnamese pho for $18 that can be had for $5. The food was okay at best. Service was decent but the prices were shocking!
Delicious piping hot food made with care and the servers were kind and attentive. Maybe because i spoke chinese lol. Will be here again. They also have the Malaysian thin pancake. Oh my gosh so good. Pricy of course, but what isn't in las Vegas
We came here on a Wednesday night and waited for about 20 minutes and I wish we would have just gone to the buffet!

After eating our appetizer which came out in a timely manner, we waited another 20 minutes for one of our two entrees.  While waiting, we noticed that there was a large Chinese family who sat 10 minutes after we did. They placed their order in their native tongue to the waitress and received all of their order. We were really disappointed, we had anticipated eating the sweet sour chicken with the chicken chow mein. Our waittress never came to apologize that the chicken chow mein wastaking longer than anticipated. When we brought it to the attention of the manager, she said some dishes take longer and my hubby pointed out that the Chinese family had chow mein orders, too, and she couldn't answer us!

So as we sat, we noticed that customers who spoke Chinese, had special treatment over other nationalities. We talked to a European couple next to us, and they had noticed the same trend. I would be interested to know if this happend to others?

OH, and the food??? I would give it 3 stars!! Had better, elsewhere!
I frequent this place at least several times a year. Dim Sum is decent and a variety of noodle soups are excellent. Extremely consistent in flavor and quality. However, the service is, well, very Chinese...non existent. I also spotted quite dusty display noodle jars along the walls. I am giving 4 stars solely on the quality of food.
We meet some friends for lunch here we were seated right away by a friendly host.Our lunch was great, a great time was had by all our server seemed a little busy but she was very nice.We will return.
Nice Elegant and simple ...  Noddles is one of my choices for quick snack on the Strip after reading the review from Susan felt that this time had to get the Hanianese Chicken with garlic rice but could not find it on the menu so this time had the flat rice noddle with chicken with curry and veg, this is all what noddles should be the food was good, service was attentive i only wish they would not try to upscale the dish by using asparagus as the main vegetable in the dish as there are so many others that would have been better ... like buck choy   expect about 30$ per person ... it's simple the strip is not cheap and the days of luring gamblers with cheap food seem to be gone
This place is fine if you don't normally eat a lot of different types of Asian food. It isn't terrible and the quality is fine but if you eat Asian food reguarly, you will know the difference. 

We ordered the Oriental Fried Rice and the Pad Thai and they both were lacking in flavor. Very generous portions though. Also- their Pad Thai isn't Pad Thai... I've had Pad Thai at tons of restaurants and it always uses the same type noodles and has the same tasting sauce. Their version of Pad Thai used thicker noodles and their sauce was bland and not spicy. It just tasted like some sort of Chinese noodle dish... No Thai tastes whatsoever. Red 8 at the Wynn is much better if you're looking for great Asian food on the strip!
Overpriced. Just keep walking. Save your money eat somewhere else. Food is average. Service is below average. Hainan chicken lack flavor. Serving size is small. ( I was still hungry!) GRRRRR!!
Slimy noodles and lots of dim sum. Crowded, noisy, mediocre service. Very forgettable. It was so bad we went to the chocolate place at Bellagio afterward to recover.
Gross over price noodles but it is at bellagio so... Overrated...
The food was good, but the service was a little down.

When our waiter finally too our order (15 minutes after we came in) he walked to another table and took their order. He was talking with them for a while so he didn't give our order to the kitchen right away. They brought out our calamari appetizer first, then the dim sum maybe 10 minutes later, and then we didn't get our next dish until 20 minutes after that. Our waiter also told us that someone else would be helping us instead of him but he didn't say who and we had no idea which person to ask. We got the rest of our food rather quickly but by the time we were done it had been almost an hour and a half since we came in. Two groups who came in after us had received their food before we got most of ours and they left before we did. For whatever reason, the kitchen was taking a long time to prepare our food.
Can't speak for anything else except for the Mandarin Beef Noodle Soup since that's all I had there...

It was delicious!  The noodles are cooked perfectly, broth perfectly seasoned, meat tender, and tendons cooked perfectly! 

The decor/ambience and service were all great.... kind of expected though for a restaurant that is set inside the Bellagio.
POOR SERVICE/You are treated as a pest.

I was very disappointed coming here.  I am Chinese and came with my family on a vacation. 

We stepped in and were first in line at lunch right before noon.  We were treated like pests by the hostess.  We asked her how long the wait was and she told us with annoyance:

"Oh, 2, 3, or 10 minutes."  

We looked at the inside of the restaurant and more than 1/2 the restaurant was empty.

It wasn't until after 10 minutes went by and more people left that I asked why we had to wait- we called earlier and this place does not take reservations.  

She said disdainly: "there's a convention"  

But I thought there were no reservations...

I asked for a manager's name so I can talk to him/her-

Hostess: *eyes rolled* "Do you want the owner's name?"  

I said no, just the manager.  

"Marcus"

He basically told me the same thing- and added in a wry and condescending way:

"But thank you for asking"


Too bad, the food was decent, but not worth the price, which I can expect in Vegas.  But to be treated like a Cockroach was new, even here.
The service is great, the atmosphere is comparable a modern Chinese eateries of Kowloon, San Francisco and Vancouver B.C. Very pleasant. The food needs to be push up to another level, maybe some more different dishes...
Came here on Sunday Night Labor Day Weekend hoping to get some good Asian food to refuel the body.  Left Cosmo at 8pm (right next door to bellagio).  Did not get seated until almost 10.  Yeah, the line to get in can be a bit ridiculous.  The reason why could be the slow service.  And its a crawling pace.  There were table that should have been bussed, but only one bus boy without all the right equipment.  It took almost 5 minutes to clean up one table (from the time they started cleaning, it was probably a good half an hour after the patrons had left). WIth a line outside the door thats unacceptable.  

All that being said, the food was good, although $$$.  Expect dishes to range from $15-$25 dollars for stuff that would normally cost at most $10 anywhere else.  The MANDARIN BEEF STEW NOODLE was good. The SIGNATURE PREMIERE RICE hit the spot for me.  The DOUBLE HAPPINESS from the BBQ and Roast section was also quite good (we got Duck and Pork). In general the food was of quality was delicious.  However, the wait, the prices, and the service was not worth it.  Even for Vegas.  If you are looking for good noodle soup with less of a wait, try SEA: The Tahi Experience in Bally's.
Everyone knows food in Vegas is ALWAYS over priced, but I always expect a certain type of quality as well... nothing over the top, just a little better than decent I guess you could say..

The food here were below my expectations.. 

- Pan fried noodles: they were doused in sauce and the noodles weren't even crunchy..
- Chinese broccoli was dry and overcooked.. 
- Their duck with rice is more of an individual portion rather than a la carte which is what I had hoped for..there was more rice than duck, and the duck portions had mostly bones (although bones are a big part of duck, the bone portion here was more than normal).

The line here is a bit rediculous, and to be honest I'm not quite sure why.. food isnt that great and there are tons of other places open 24/7 in sin city!
Go for the dim sum... Did I forget to mention the dim-sum? Yes, please try the dim sum!

I've had the pleasure of dining here three times, and I never had a bad meal. However, my last experience was more like an epiphany: I came here for dim sum.

I live in NYC and took an interest in tea houses that serve excellent dim sum, yet what I ate in NYC did not compare the dim sum served at Noodles. I was knocked clear off my feet with how scrumptious, flavorful and delightful it was. The line for dim sum was out the door (mostly asian customers who know where the good stuff is), and we waited for 45 minutes to be seated. Now we know why, it was sooooooooo worth the wait. 

First, you must try the chicken feet. This is a must for any adventurous eater, and even the meek might be converted. It was perfectly braised; the tender gelatin fell off the bones in my mouth, and the sauce was a perfect balance between salty, sweet and savory with just a kiss of chili. My husband and I polished off 4 plates of this alone. Piles of bones on our plates laid testament to our enjoyment. The manager noted how much of it we'd polished off and mentioned "It's very unusual for Caucasians to try chicken feet." we smiled and said we were from NYC, and then he said "Ahhhh!" with a big smile and nodded understanding that we weren't strangers to chicken feet ("phoenix claws"). 

Our next in the line of favorites was the pan-fried shrimp and chive dumplings. This has always been a favorite of mine, and Noodles carries the crown for the best. 

Not to be missed are the almond shrimp! Perfectly fried, studded in crisp almond slivers these shrimp are a joy to eat and have a wonderful texture. 

Do not deprive yourself any longer, get some dim sum!
OMG! We love this restaurant! We stayed in Vegas for 5 days and had lunch/dinner at this place TWICE! This is the closest to authentic Asian that we have had in Vegas! We ordered the DanDan noodles, Paneang noodles with BBQ pork, and seafood pho both times we went because they were just so delicious! We were all pleasantly surprise! And the water! I know this is silly, but the water at Bellagio tasted so good compared to any other restaurant on the strip of Vegas. We are from Denver and I have to say Denver water is delicious, especially compared to Vegas water. Anyway, the food was terrific and the service was also very good, they refilled our glasses, which I noticed several other restaurants did not do. The food also came out very promptly. The bowls/portions looked small, but definitely offered a lot food. The only unfortunate thing is that they do not do refills on sodas! Only ice tea, but like I mentioned before, water was good!
This restaurant had a big line to eat and the waiting system here is absolutely horrible. They make you stand in line for over an hour with no pager or any other system which would allow the guests to sit in casino or do something else. Also none of the restaurants in Bellagio including Noodles has a couch or waiting area which would allow the patrons to sit. This reflects a very callous attitude by bellagio where they dont have a couch or a pager system. 

The food is OK. The 2 table besides the counter in the back isclose toeach other and there is very little privacy...

So overall a very dissatisfying dinner - 45 min wait with no place to sit and wait,  food is Just vey average and the waiter is very abrupt so cant give any points for service either.
Worth the price for  dim sum. Wait staff is very nice and for all but one not pushy. The carts are heated. Congie is the best.
I fully expected this place to be crap-tacular for various reasons including some of the dismal reviews I read.  To be clear, this place is a bit of a rip-off and I'm fairly certain there are far better pan-Asian restaurants a short drive away, but c'mon people - when you're in Vegas you generally want to stay within the confines of the Strip so you can continue to gamble and be dazzled by all of the glittery-pretty stuff in the big casinos.

In any event, I got the Laksa Curry Noodle and was not at all disappointed.  It was rich, hearty, and flavorful with just the right amount of spice - like a nice warm hug of a soupy-noodle dish.  My friend got the Spicy Thai Shrimp Noodle - and while it wasn't totally authentic, thought it fragrant and delicious.  Given all of the decadently-amazing restaurants in Vegas, it was kind of nice enjoying a simple, quick meal - and if I had to do it again, I would.
Did not even eat here because the hostess was so pushy and annoying.  But turned out for the best because we decided to go to another restaurant and while waiting for a table, my gf and I played a slot machine and won $100 right before we got our table at FIX.  Thanks
Even though the line to get in was long, the service was on point and super fast. Food was excellent as well! Definitely recommend the veggie egg rolls and pad thai.
You've got to do better than this to survive in Vegas!

I expected much more from an establishment located in the Bellagio.

I tried the pho and the niu ro mein here. Both were just okay...below average.
The soup is an entire meal. Although when they say spivey they mean it. I wish I could of eaten more to try more things. Our noodles were so fresh and tasty, but, when they say spacey...they mean spicy!
Really hits the spot when you're craving good Chinese food away from home... They just lose a star because they're pretty expensive when factoring it all in! (I know I know, it's all expensive now on the Strip, but seriously... $18 for chow mein... $24 for kungpao shrimp... $21 for hainan chicken?) But in my eyes, for anyone to grab five stars their food has to be exemplary and/or at a great price for what you get... Don't get that here, but don't get me wrong; I dine here at least once each time I get to Vegas. It's my go-to when I need my Chinese fix. At least they don't charge for hot tea (like that Chinese place in the MGM does....) They're not WAY overpriced for what you get, and the price won't stop me from getting my hainan and pei dan jook.

Oh, and a last note, I don't know what that person is saying about how they wish it was more authentic...... It's pretty authentic to the stuff that we have back home. 

Eat their jook, and not everything is outrageously overpriced, but when in Vegas, c'est la vie! Satisfy that craving!

----

EDIT: btw, whoever keeps complaining about how overpriced and everything is probably doesn't gamble at bellagio with their $25 table minimum, or cries over having gambled away their $100 fortune.... i'm just saying. yes, i am chinese. yes, the price makes me cringe sometimes. and i realize even i took away a star for it, but i admit i am one of those who cries over that $100 i lost and i steer clear away from those $25 tables. but if you're going to focus so much on it why the heck are you even in vegas? for their really overpriced shows?? sorry, it's late and i just got done reading post after post about how expensive the food is and comparing Noodles to some hole in the wall. go to chinatown if you want and know that's where you'll get chinatown-priced chinese food. how about instead of croaking on about it on a bellagio restaurant, you praise that chinatown locale instead? gaaaahhhhh appreciate, don't hate!
Honestly, I expected way more from a restaurant in Bellagio. 1st off, the wait's extremely long. We waited for 1+ hour for overpriced, bellow average Chinese food. So much for the "supposedly" famous chef from China... 

Wonton Noodle ($15.25) - Sure, the taste is somewhat authentic, but the flavor isn't that good. The noodle & soup broth are just ok, nothing special. The wonton's actually decently good, but given the pretty small portion & expensive price, it's definitely not worth it.

BBQ Noodle Soup ($15.25) - I wouldn't get this again... The BBQ isn't good at all, you guys're better off with the wonton.

In conclusion, this place isn't worth visiting for. Yeah sure, all food in Vegas're overpriced, but at least some of them taste decently good. I'd rather spend my 15 bucks eating at McDonald than here. Not only it taste pretty bad (I'd give it a 2 stars) & expensive, the portion's also pretty small; We went to get sandwiches right after...
I feel like this place is probably the most authentic Chinese restaurant I have been to on the Strip. The chefs are actually Asian and servers also (I saw with my very own eyes)!

We ordered the traditional Chinese beef noodle soup and jook with century egg and pork.  They were extremely generous with the meat in both dishes. The beef noodle soup had a gigantic piece of tendon/cartilage (AWESOME!!) along with other pieces of beef. It was obvious that they had been stewing for a long time since the meat was very tender and soft, and fell apart each bite. The soup was what I considered to be quite precise with traditional taste, but definitely milder in spiciness, which makes sense since they also need to appeal to non-Asian customers. The jook was good and tasted close to what I am accustomed to. They were super generous with the century egg (!), though slightly less so with the pork.

Prices were a bit high, but that is expected. The service was top-notch and super friendly! The food we had was most definitely better in taste and texture than Noodle Asia in the Venetian. We were very happy to have discovered this place!
Can I just start with the fact that I first got in line on Christmas Eve and didn't actually get to sit down till Christmas Day...

Craving food so late at night/early in the morning, I passed by Noodles and seeing that the line was so short, decided to wait it out.  Let me just say that the length of the line is deceiving.  Even though there was only 3 parties in front of me, I was in line for almost two hours...

I ordered the beef noodle soup and shui mai, and my friend ordered the BBQ pork rice. Because of the high prices I was expecting my food to be beautiful , but was not impressed with the plating at all.

The part that sucks the most is that the food was just mediocre.  It tasted just like any beef noodle soup I could get for 5 bucks in chinatown.  It's actually pretty likely that it was below mediocre, because food tastes better when I'm hungry and having skipped lunch and dinner I was starving.  The beef was so tough, perhaps they should of provided me a hammer along with my chopsticks to help me break down the meat.   

Another thing I'm going to add is that the water tasted so bad, it seems ridiculous that I'm complaining about the taste of water but my friend agreed that it left a strange unsettling aftertaste.   I was actually kinda pissed off because after looking at my glass I found that it was dirty.

The only good thing is that service is good, I definitely won't be coming again though.
although this is not a cheap chinese restaurant, but their pork bun and dandan noodle soup are so good. I still miss that now.
We had dim sum and calamari. Both were good. Small tucked away in a corner of the casino. Good service.
Yes, it is indeed pricey for Asian food. But remember this is the Bellagio and its probably not worth your valuable vacation time booking a roundtrip cab to Chinatown to hope to get a cheaper meal of similar quality.  There was a line before and after we entered - so do try this place if you crave noodles.  Note you get a broad mix of cuisine styles to choose: Hong Kong, Taiwanese, Thai, Malaysian, Japanese, and Singaporean.  Everything except pasta I suppose.

Braised beef noodle soup was outstanding - large chunks of soft tender beef.  Noodles were still chewy and the broth well flavored.

I had something different with Hainanese Chicken Rice.  It was nicely presented on a palette, with minced garlic/ginger, chili oil, and soy.  It came with a big bowl of rice cooked in chicken broth along with soup.  Chicken cooked well and flavored.

Overall we like this place much more than Beijing Noodles 9 (Caesars) and Dragon Noodle Company (Monte Carlo).
This place is a bit pricey, but very good. The chef is from Singapore, so be sure to try a Singaporean specialty, like chicken rice. It was so flavorful and perfectly cooked. The wonton noodle soup was also fantastic, with a rich, complex broth, springy, fresh noodles, and succulent wontons. If you're staying at the Bellagio, it's definitely worth going.
Pretty good for Asian food on the strip. Normally there is a long line but we went around 3pm and didn't have to wait. As per the name the noodles are better than the non-noodle-y dishes.

Got the braised beef noodle (yum) and the spicy Thai seafood noodle (ok). The braised beef noodle had pretty authentic chunks of beef including tendon (!!!) and a lot of flavor. The Thai seafood noodle was pretty fragrant but they might've gone a little overboard on the lemongrass.

It actually pretty reasonably priced for the strip - each noodle bowl was under $20.

Stay away from the dumplings.
Welcome to Noodles, where Asian food is as expensive as a French restaurant, but as disappointing as a microwave dinner! A place that serves Chinese, Thailand, Vietnamese, Singapore, and Malaysian food, and turn them into a mouthful of MSG with a little hint of regret! 
-Actually that's all you have to know about this place, but if you're curious about my experience here then continue reading:

Singapore's national dish is called Hainanese Chicken Rice, and since my girlfriend and her brother grew up there, it has become a craving to have this dish every once in a while (like how we crave for french fries every so often). Anyway we've visited several places that serve this dish all over Vegas and decided to try a more upscale restaurant on the strip instead of the cheap local places we usually go to.

Noodles is located inside the Bellagio Casino, and as soon as we got there we saw a long line outside the restaurant, which I take as a good sign since people line up just to eat here.

Now this is where everything turns into a disaster. The friendly waitress was showed us to our seats, took our order, even gave us hints on how they serve their dishes. she left and returned later with our appetizers. 

I ordered some Calamari, Chinese Sesame Balls and Roti Prata.

The Calamari was served with a sweet and chili sauce. The breading was nice and crunchy and the calamari was soft. It had a bit of curry taste and it was the only delicious thing we had that night.

Roti Prata is a Malaysian dish, it's basically a flaky flat pastry that you dip into a curry sauce, and is actually one of my favorite apps (not here though). The pastry was not flaky, it was tough and chewy. The dip had too much Turmeric and tasted powdery.

The Chinese sesame balls tasted like Chinese sesame balls.. 

Our Waitress then returned with our main dishes; The Hainanese Chicken Rice and a Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle. (note: this is the last time we would see our waitress.)

The Hainanese Chicken Rice was served with  chicken stock soup,  chicken flavored rice (which was dry and bland), the boiled chicken (of course) and accompanied by the 3 sauces: the red chilli-garlic sauce, a ginger-garlic sauce, and instead of the thick black sauce they usually serve with it, they serve it with soy sauce....... why not be creative and serve it with oyster sauce? it's thick, it's black, and the flavor makes more sense than soy sauce you lazy chefs! 

I don't even want to talk about the Mandarin Beef Stew..... The noodles were old, the soup tasted like tap water infused with MSG which made my head hurt the rest of the night and left an itch on my tongue..  The beef was tough... 

We didn't even bother for dessert..

When It was time to pay, all three servers were just talking and laughing at the host table. We felt so ignored... They didn't even fill up any of our drinks to wash the filth we just ate.

Our Dinner was $106
Ridiculously expensive, small portions, and not that satisfying.  Other than that, it was pretty good.  Convenience to the casino and the Bellagio setting are really the only redeeming qualities.

With all the attention to detail and concern about the guest experience that the Bellagio seems to have, not sure why they would let this restaurant continue on the way it is.  They seem to change the flowers in the conservatory every few months ... Don't think they've changed the menu here in the last 10 years.
really not satisfied... realy didn't want to remember what happened in here....
My husband and I eat noodles (not the restaurant but actual noodles) everyday. when we were in LV we Needed a noodles fox!!! since it was super cold. we found the Noodle restaurant $$$ in Bellagio. Looking at the menu and the prices we thought it would be the best but.... It was eh? I made better noodles at home for a cheaper price.
 My husband had the Pad Thai with beef and sprouts with nuts on the side which cost $18.50 : we had better for $10 with better noodle texture and sauce. We rate the pad Thai a ** two star out of *****five
As for me I had the udon thick Japanese noodle with chicken best n chicken broth. Cost $15.25 I make udon at home everyday n I would say the only highlight from my dish was that, the noodles were cooked to perfection. Not the broth or anything else but the noodle. I had to add soy sauce and other condiments like chili n pepper to make it taste better. This would be a great dish for some one who's on a diet who's trying to cut out salt n flavor out of their body system. I would rate this dish **2 stars out of *****5.
The good news is we got our noodle fix even though we could have done better AND we gained more Tier credits for M Life club card. When you spend $34 more in the Bellagio Noodles restaurant you can gain Credits. If your a M Life member.
Over all we were some what satisfied. Like 60%
Yep, it's the second time in a quarter we chose this place for lunch.  We brought five more guests.  I ordered Laksa curry noodles while everyone else had the Mandarin beef noodles.

Laksa was great - it did not have the red and white hell broth feel of the Singaporean version, but still had plenty of heat in the spicy coconut broth.  It was served with chicken, tofu, and bean sprouts.  Noodles were round rice noodles that had good texture.

All the other guests loved the hearty red noodles.  They don't skimp on the meat here and it's braised to be fork tender.

Four stars for consistency and great service!
Overpriced. Horrible servers. OK food.
3.5 stars. Order the Vegetable Tempera, Steamed Dumping, Edamame and a Coors Light. Everything was very good but overpriced. Service was good too.
I really like Noodles. I have always gotten good service, very polite and efficient. I have waited outside in line for almost an hour. They get very busy at peak dinner hours. 

The food is quite delicious and pretty authentic. I've had their beef noodle soup, which is excellent. Tender beef slices and soft noodles in a tasty beef broth with plenty of bok choy veggies. 

I also like their dan dan noodles, not too spicy (a shame) but well seasoned and flavorful. 

I love their chinese broccoli cooked garlic style. A true testament to the Cantonese dish's origins. Very very well done. Probably the best I've ever had anywhere. 

I also love that they have warm soy milk. Mmmm. 

A tad expensive, but what in Vegas isn't?
I've ordered the sweet and spicy noodles with chicken. This dish was pretty decent, the noodles were good it's blended with a sweet sauce, i'm not too sure about the spicy part? maybe it wasn't spicy enough for me but hey I've wiped out my plate. Along with my order we got a bottle of Sapporo beer which was ok it was kinda on the bitter side and it didn't accommodate it with my noodles thats for sure.

We got friendly service here and we didn't have to wait for our seats, well duh it was like 11:47pm that night. You will see jars and jars of uncooked noodles on display. Hmmmm....I wonder if they use those to create their own noodles?
Best Hangover Remedy Ever. 
The wait isnt too bad in the morning, only took about 5-10 minutes to be seated. They have pho, which is a big expensive when you compare it pho place back at home, but i guess it isnt too bad for Vegas. The Beef noodle soup with egg noodle was fulfilling  - they are not stingy with their noodles and meat. 

I will say though, the service wasn't all that great. It good forever to get a glass of water ad to pay our bill. We asked for our check and they gave it like 20 minutes later. 

It's worth trying, especially if you're craving pho.
Perfectly fine dim sum.  I arrived at the end of the dim sum service, but everything I ate was fine.  Unfortunately there are limited lunch options at the Bellagio at 2:30, so I decided to try Noodles.  Will try it again for the regular menu.
People complaining about this place being overpriced forget that they are in Vegas. Their beef noodle soup is really good. Extremely tender beef and flavorful but clean broth. I always go here for my first meal after a long Vegas night to get me back in the right state of mind!
Located within the Bellagio, this is one of those places where you get rip off, but you kinda have expect that dining in the Strip.  The interior was probably the best thing I can recall here.  Service fitted the Asian restaurant stereotype with a shrugging attitude.

Everything will pretty much cost you at least twice as much compared to off-strip places.  We got the Dan Dan Noodles, Barbeque Pork, Oriental Fried Rice, and some Wonton Noodle.  Bland was probably my only description for the food.  Seasoning in soup broth, meat, and rice were definitely lacking.  The presentation was not anything unique for food charged at this price, and it looked about the same like any Chinese restaurants in Vegas.

Spent twice as much on food that tastes half as good...  Service was mediocre and the food was not packaged in any high class way to fulfill that luxury feeling.  I will have to be insane to dine at the Noodles again.
This restaurant was a quick choice before leaving Vegas, but not worth the stop. The service was below expectations. The  waitress didn't welcome us, or make us feel comfortable at all while we were there.  The food came out either cold or barley warm. The food was also very bland, and had no flavor at all. the price point is probably the only thing i can say was okay, because the portion size was good size This was very upsetting because my friends and I all do like Chinese food but this was the worst experience with Chinese food I have had. My recommendation would be skip this place and hit up Panda Express, just as good of service but better food.
The food is expensive, and the service was mediocre.  It's like going to a mediocre noodle shop in Chinatown, but with (a much) heftier check because of the decor and location.
Whenever I come to Vegas I hit this place up. They have a good little selection of dim sum. The kicker here is the crab fried rice. YUM. Unfortunately i didn't order this that night. My friends went back the next night and brought me leftovers. Needless to say next time...crab fried rice!!
Best tasting noodles we have ever had. Love this place so much we eat there a second night! Service is very good. Best Asian restaurant in Las Vegas.
Your service is terrible. If you're going to tell me your food will be ready in 15 min then I expect 15 min. Why should I ask you after 25 min where my food is? And when I do it takes another 20 min before you bring me my food. I know the Pad Thai isn't that difficult to make.. you know what's more annoying.. When I opened my food. it looked more like pad see ew than pad thai. I hate you Noodles for keeping me hungry and getting my order wrong. I was very upset with this place. I had to pay that much and get treated like a nobody. Noodles will not get any more business from me..
This is a 2.5 star review, but I can't go higher.  It's not that the food was bad, it was fine.  In fact, we got the shrimp tempura as an appetizer, and it's probably the best version of tempura I've had.  Very close to the best if not actually the best.  Textbook, crispy but not greasy.  Impressive.

However, the rest of the meal was only average, but the prices are for above average cuisine.  The pork was similar to what we get from our local Chinese delivery, and for a lot more money.  The black bean shrimp was solid, but the other dishes left something to be desired.  If the prices were about 30% less, it would get 3 stars.  But, even with the location at Bellagio, I expected more.

Service was fantastic, water glasses never empty.  Very polite.
Good food, good service, and reasonably priced compared to the other Belagio restaurants. I had the fried rice with barbecue pork, and it was very good. Also had the tempura shrimp which I liked as well. We easily got in without a reservation on a Thursday night. I would go back.
I would definitely recommend a trip to Noodles if you are looking for a semi-affordable meal on the strip. One thing to keep in mind: the wait can be a little long so plan accordingly. There is a bar near the entrance so we bided our time by enjoying a drink. 

Now, to the food. We started with the tempura vegetables which were cooked perfectly. The veggies, a mix of eggplant, zucchini, broccoli and sweet potato, had a nice bite and the tempura batter was light and crisp; whoever was working the deep-fat fryer knew what she was doing. The dipping sauce was not too sweet and with a bit of chili paste was the perfect compliment to the deep fried veggies. 

For our entree we split two dishes: chicken Penang fried kway teow which is comprised of flat rice noodles, sprouts and chili - this was the star of the show, although in retrospect we should have gotten it with pork instead - and the Xo crab meat vermicelli which was tasty but a little flat (chili paste and soy rescued it but if it takes that much seasoning what's the point?).
I was really excited when I checked into the Bellagio and saw this Noodle shop.  I unpacked and headed straight down to the casino to get my noodle on.  

I knew ordering an app and an entree would be too much food but what is Vegas all about...excess, baby!

I ordered the agedashi to start.  I am not impressed.  The presentation was something I've never seen and didn't really care for.  The tofu was cut in to little squares and deep fried.  So there was a LARGE plate of tofu and the agedashi sauce was served on the side.  No diakon, green onion or much flavor for that matter.  I had to add soy to the sauce to bump up the flavor.  I also ordered the Penang noodles.  Also not a lot of flavor.  The flat noodles were a wonderful texture though.  Thinner than the fresh flat noodles I'm accustomed to.  I ordered them with beef I I will admit that the beef was delicious!

The service was not the best.  I was never asking how my meal was, my iced tea was never refilled and I waited at least 15 minutes after I was finished for my check to arrive.  I finally had to flag my server down and ask for it.

Not the worst but I doubt I'll be back,
They should the  rename the place "dough" cause that's what they make. And believe me the make a lot of it. The wontons were great and we had the satay chicken too, they were great . For the price,they should give you a bigger portion. The wait was bad on a Thursday was bad imagine it on the weekend or on a holiday. Seating was too close too close to others if you only have two people.  There's a little bit of everything. Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, talk about fusion. For the price it was ok..
Awesome dim sum. The dim sum comes all around on the carts. You ask what you want and they give it to you. Very fresh and clean. Kind service always. I never had a mistaken order here. Best dim sum in the world. Always new things to try, freaky stuff that is. Dim sum is only on weekends and occasions I believe.
Noodles is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants on the Vegas Strip. It's definitely more affordable than the other super expensive Chinese restaurants on the Vegas Strip. It's located in Bellagio and might be hard to find at first. Just follow the signs as soon as you enter the hotel lobby. I ordered Roast Duck with Rice. The dish comes with a serving of duck marinated in plum sauce, a bowl of white rice, and a side of Chinese brocolli. You can request the duck to be boned or boneless. I ordered it to be boneless, and it tasted great. I ordered the Bok Choy sauteed with garlic, and it was one of the best bok choy dishes I ever had. I also ordered their pot stickers, and I loved them. I personally prefer to dip them in soy sauce. I also order a century egg on the side. This restaurant is a great choice if you're in the mood for Chinese food.
I've been here 2-3 times. All dim sum dishes were pretty decent. The pho was no good. The oxtail soup was no good. The meat wasn't tender and the broth was bland. The noodle soup seemed to be a bit bland as well. So it's safe to say, if I ever come back here, I'm getting dim sum. :) Cute decor and no wait.
So I trusted my fellow Yelpers' reviews and thought this place would be good... especially since they had "Korean" dishes here (only Kimchee... wtf?!). So my friends and I decided to eat here, because what's better than pho or hot noodles after a weekend of anti-soberness? 

We got their (only) seafood pho and pork chow mein.

Seafood Pho: $18.50 for a tiny (small) bowl of noodles. I actually really liked the broth BECAUSE it wasn't salty... you can tell they don't really put MSG or salt in it cuz it was bland. Therefore, probably healthier. however, it's practically $20! you can't give me another cup of noodles?! I got three decent sized shrimps and lots of fishcakes (in Korean- o-dang). They charge extra for lime and bean sprouts... wtf?! Save your money and get pho from anywhere OTHER than here.

Chow Mein: the noodles were REALLY good... tender and the pork, just right. i highly recommend it, though it was also almost $20. 

Overall, the food wasn't all that bad, just overpriced by 200%.

My REAL review is for their service. Why are there 10 people working, but no one to check up on us? What is WRONG with your service? The people here clearly don't want to work because when we ask for something, they either smirk and roll their eyes, or they say yes and 20 mins. later and asking ANOTHER person, will you receive your items. 

My friends and I wanted to spend at most 30-45 mins ordering, eating, and all that. Nope... spent almost 2 hours! luckily, us girls can keep ourselves entertained.

I HIGHLY do NOT recommend this place. Save your money and just go to Panda Express.
Dim sum is killer here !
I liked this place so much I visited this place twice during my visit.  Had the Dan Dan Noodles (~$15), Choy Sum in garlic sauce (~$9), Noodle soup with Char Siu (~$15), Won Ton soup (~$15), Har gow (~$9) and Jasmine tea (~$5). 
Yes, it's more than the Bay Area, but it's in the Bellagio in Vegas.   At least I didn't feel I over paid for crappy food.  The Won Ton wasn't mystery meat.  It was shrimp.  I was pleasantly surprised how thin the skin on the Har Gow was.  Actually it was thinner than some places in the Bay Area.
I knew when I saw the long line of people waiting to be seated at midnight that I wanted to try this place and that it was likely good.  Indeed it was.

Dim sum was the way to go.  I was able to try a variety of small dishes.  Loved the steamed dumplings and the almond crusted shrimp.  My husband had a nice seafood stew. Great Sunday lunch.

Sitting at the bar upfront was also fine, didn't mind it at all.  Cool decor inside as well.
Very expensive but worth it in my opinion. Seafood noodles is the best I've eaten. Service is so-so. I come here for high quality food not exceptional service.
Yum! This restaurant located inside the Bellagio has really really good Asian food...and the wait staff is all Asian giving you a really authentic feel. The decor inside the restaurant is really nice too! It is, however, a bit pricey.

For an appetizer I ordered agedashi tofu, which is a lightly fried tofu dish. OMG! It was so freakin' good! The tofu melted in your mouth and wasn't oily at all. 

For dinner I had the mixed vegetables, which were sauted in garlic. The vegetables included baby bok choy, asparagus, snap peas, carrots, and mushrooms. It was very delicious! Even the white rice they served was very good. 

My parents each had fried rice, which they said was really good. 

For drinks we each had iced tea. The iced tea was very brood tasting and refreshing!
Ordered the padthai and it was meh.  It's pretty bland and boring compared to most Thai food place.

Also, the fountain soda was stale and doesn't have free refill.  Not recommended.
After arriving in Vegas and starved from our long flight, we wanted a quick but filling lunch on the strip.  Noodles seemed like a perfect choice and we were happy with our dishes.  Shared the noodle soup (pho style with brisket) .  It was a huge portion and very filling and flavorful.  We also had the pad thai which was pretty standard but still delicious.  Service was overall okay .  It was  bit pricey for lunch, but since we were on vacation and in the Bellagio, we indulged.  Would recommend if craving a noodle bar or Asian fusion.
Went to the Bellagio for the fountain show and decided to find somewhere to eat. We came across Noodles and decided to give it a try, Yelp unseen.

There was a line in front of the restaurant and about 6 parties in front of us, but we decided to wait since no one was particularly hungry. The wait ended up being about 25 minutes. Some were seated sooner but we had a party of five so it took a little longer.

The restaurant has a variety of rice and noodle dishes from different countries, from your Chinese meat over rice (roast duck, char siu, soy sauce chicken) to varieties of fried rice, to udon, pad thai, chow fun, and chow mein.

We decided to eat family style and ordered chow fun (rice noodles with soy sauce, bean sprouts, and BBQ pork), BBQ pork fried rice, chicken pad thai, double happiness (roast duck and soy sauce chicken), and steamed book choi with oyster sauce.

At first I thought we may have ordered too much, but the food was so delicious that we ate everything. That is not to say the portions were too small, just that the food was really good. The duck was crispy and lean. The pad thai was made with flat rice noodles which gave it an interesting twist. The chow fun had big pieces of pork in it. All and all, the family gave it a hearty thumbs up.

Our only regret is that we were there at night and it was too late to try the dim sum.
I feel bad giving this only 3 stars. Usually everything in Vegas is either 4 or 5 stars, and this was at the Bellagio!, but this place was eh. Good noodles but nothing special. I've had better noodles and Asian food elsewhere for much much cheaper. Definitely do not recommend. I feel like anyone who gives this place 5 stars has not tried REAL good noodles. Sorry...
Not really sure how to feel about it.

I ordered the Pad Thai.  It was around $18. I've had pad thai many times from different restaurants, so I definitely know what it's supposed to taste like. The one here tasted like another thai dish: pad see ew. I don't know if I should consider that a good thing because I generally like pad see ew better, or a bad thing, because they basically didn't get the pad thai right. The noodles also had many hard as rock parts.
Had high hopes being that the restaurant was inside the Bellagio. The pad thai was lacking flavor and the wontons were chewy. 

However, the spicy shrimp noodle soup was tasty.
I will not ever recommend this place to any friends.  Maybe a few enemies.

I'm not sure how anyone can rate this place higher than 3 stars.

I don't care if the place is in the Bellagio, the quality of the food and service are not at the level of the prices.

None of the food we had was any where near exceptional. 

Pho for $17 is triple of what you should pay.  There wasn't anything fantastic about it, the same bowl that I could get in a neighborhood Pho shop.  Plus we had to ask for sriracha and hoisin sauce.

The Singapore noodle dish really lacked curry flavor.  In the neighborhood restaurant I visit at home is packed with flavor and is $8 less.  Oh, I forgot I'm in the Bellagio.

Service was fair, but after our food arrived, there was almost no attention given.

Here's where the meal went really wrong.

One of the wait staff began clearing our table.  In her desire to get as many dishes off of our table as possible, she had way too many dishes in her hands.  She dropped one of the dishes on the floor and broke, with one of the pieces hitting me in the leg.  At first I thought, oh it hit me on the leg, no problem.  A few minutes later I felt liquid running down my leg, so I looked down and saw blood.

I used my napkin to wipe it off and then called the waitress that dropped the plate.  She looked at it and was going to wipe it with a towel that she was using to wipe the tables with.  I pulled my foot back and asked that she bring me a clean cloth and bandages.

She said she would tell the manager.  We waited for about 5 minutes and no manager came.

We found the manager ourselves and let her know what happened.  She said no one told her about the incident.  She had security come talk to us to make sure I didn't need paramedics. I told him I wanted to report this as an incident to make sure management had a record of it.  I never asked for anything other than to have an incident report made.

He told me that he would talk to the manager and have her adjust our bill.

What is really odd is most restaurants, when a customer is injured by the staff with blood, they will comp the entire bill.  She only took off half the amount and wasn't really apologetic.  Her attitude was more like I was an inconveniencing her and I should have moved my leg to avoid the dropping dish.

In summary, this place is way over price for mediocre food.  You can't blame the wait staff for poor service since they perform at the highest level of their manager.  And her low quality of service sets the bar really low for her team.

Oh yeah for the reviewers that said it had a great Asian ambiance, the decor reminded me of a casino cafe.  The only thing that made it seem like an Asian restaurant is the art work on the walls and the menu.

Stay away from this place!


This shows that they really have no care for the customer.
Here is how to eat cheaply on the Vegas Strip. Well, relatively cheaply. Eating at McD would be the truly cheap option, but I thought we were on vacation, were we not? The answer to eating relatively cheaply on the Vegas Strip is... wait for it (don't worry, I won't switch to commercial break on you. Please, I am not Gordon Ramsay)... Noodles at Bellagio.

Noodles is an Cantonese restaurant located right off the Bellagio casino floor. Super duper convenient, if I do say so myself. Noodles specializes in Cantonese cuisine. Decor wise, Noodles was simple and humble, nothing extravagant in comparison to the other Bellagio restaurants. 

We liked Noodles so much, we ate here twice during our short trip to Vegas. The first time was on a Sunday, where they went the traditional route and had Dim Sum cart service. This is when the restaurant makes a bunch of small plates, stack them on a cart and have a waiter/waitress push the cart around the restaurant floor, where patrons can flag down the cart and order a small plate directly from the cart. Even though this is the traditional way, I have never been a fan. You can only choose what's on the cart and it's often served luke warm. Okay, I'll stop my complaining now. Moving on, we had the pan fried shrimp & chive dumplings and fried radish cake. Both were luke warm (of course they were! this method is flawed). The pan fried shrimp & chive dumplings had great flavours, despite being slightly oily. The radish cake was not the best I have had.

We also shared the Wonton Noodle and the Roasted Duck Rice. What I loved about the Wonton Noodle is that the wonton fillings were all shrimp, giving each wonton a great springy bite and also making this a light dish. The Roasted Duck Rice was awesome. When I ordered it, the waitress asked me "with bone or boneless?" You can get boneless roasted duck on rice? This is brand new information to me. I was impressed. Cantonese style BBQ duck served on rice is a pretty common dish and being a BBQ-duck-lover, I have had it many times from various restaurants. I have never been offered the option of going boneless before. I can finally, for the first time in my life, eat roasted duck on rice like a proper lady with no need to wrestle the meat off the bone with my teeth and channelling my inner animal self while gnawing on the bone. I do paint a vivid image, don't I? ;) The duck was delicious, nice and fatty, just how I like it. I ordered it again on our second visit.

I highly recommend this restaurant, especially if you are spending your day gambling at the Bellagio casino floor. ;) I recommend saving this restaurant for a weekday lunch, because I think Noodles and The Buffet are the only restaurants open for lunch service at the Bellagio on a weekday.

Please visit my blog, where I documented my recent trip to Las Vegas. I have food photos! Thank you for your time. :)

http://simplygluttonous.blogspot.ca/search/label/Las%20Vegas
Have eaten here a bunch of times, used to play poker at Bellagio a few times a week.  Not really sure why people are complaining about price, they are pretty standard for the strip.  If you want to pay $7 for a meal go to panda.  For two your probably in for about $75.  Noodles are solid, and I usually get some pork.  Service is attentive.  I would say on the same level as Beijing Noodle #9 at Caesars.
Best Dim Sum in las vegas albeit pricier than usual but it's cause there is quality here. Make sure you ask to get the really hot or fresh ones. When I'm eating dim sum nothing irks me more   than when I eat lukewarm dishes.  

They also have the best hai nan chicken rice in vegas too! consistently on point. it's a must order for me. 

Overall its quality food and Noodles is finally giving chinese cuisine the right kind of representation here in las vegas.
I was I  Vegas for a nursing conference September 18, 2013.  We were on the strip, so my friends decided they wanted to eat at the Bellagio.  After walking around the hotel we settle on eating at The Noddle.  I must admit the food was a lot better than I expected.  I ordered the shrimp pad thai.  The dish was very ,very good; much better than I expected for a strip Asian restaurant.  My friends ordered a couple of different soup/noodle dishes.  They were also goo, but the beef was slightly over-cooked.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.  This was a great place to eat after all the exploring and people watching on the strip!
Yummy Yummy Yummy! Hidden Gem! Love their soups..........spicy seafood! Garlic Buck choy!!!!!!!!!! Got to try.................Everything is great at this place. Only once ran into crappy service but only once, have been there at least 10 times.
One of my favorite places in Bellagio.  Although Chinese food isn't my favorite, this place seriously is one of my favorite restaurants.  I LOVE THIS PLACE. Only negative is that the staff isn't always the friendliest, and my water take a little bit to get refilled, but other than that....amazing!
One of my favorite places to grab some good food at Bellagio!!  Crab meat Vermicelli is excellent!!
Food is ok, but service is so so. The waitress is very impatient, as soon as we sit down the waitress wants to take our order. When we hesitate a bit, she gave us a look.

The food (dim sum) quality is ok, but selection is not that much. Three stars only.
I was mainly happy with the food and flavors. It was fresh and the food was full of flavor without much salt. 
The chicken noodle soup tasted so fresh and if you aren't used to fresh bland flavor, then you will just think it is bland. I loved it though becuase I can taste the ingredients and veggies instead of seasonings. 
The chow mein, fried rice, and sweet and soup chicken were great and some of the best asian food choices I've had. It was flavorful and didn't taste "fake". 
The people are friendly and smile when they serve. 
I loved it!
Came here this past Veterans Day weekend.  The woman needed her Asian food fix.  I don't know why she likes coming here especially when she is used to having good Asian cuisine.  Had the duck, a noodle dish, and a waiter recommended crab noodle dish.  Just okay for all of it and I've definitely had better.
Come here every time I'm in Vegas! If you want to get tipsy, order The Zombie. Be warned not for one person!!! Sometimes there is a line but it is worth the wait. Service is outstanding. I think of this place from time to time and my mouth just starts watering! Love it!
I was really craving some Asian noodles, so after seeing the Blue Man Group we headed over to give this place a try. We waited about 25 minutes, which isn't too bad. 

Our server was very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was decorated to fit the theme and was very inviting.

I ordered the wonton soup with thin rice noodles, and the boyfriend ordered the chicken soup with flat rice noodles. The prices were pretty decent, about $15 per person for what we ordered. 

Our dishes came quite quickly but to our disappointment they tasted pretty bland. We let our server know and she brought over some soy sauce, chili sauce, and some salt and white pepper. After adding in the seasonings the soups were delicious! My boyfriend's chicken was moist and tender, and the shrimp wantons in my soup were wonderful!

We would definitely come back here next time we're in Vegas!
When you're in Vegas and craving some Asian noodles, what better place to come to a place in the Bellagio called NOODLES? Well, first let me tell you that this definitely satisfied my craving for noodles. I just wanted some "ho-phun" (thick white rice noodles) noodles and they had exactly that! EXCEPT that it was about 15 dollars for a small little bowl of noodles which definitely is a HUGE rip off.. but hey its Vegas and we had a huge craving for some asian noodles!


Decor is nice and looks more high end than most noodle places. Service is a bit snooty (maybe because we all had our Fat Tuesdays on the table??). But anyways if you are craving noodles, they will satisfy your craving....but you'll be hungry 2 hours later..
My husband and I were feeling hungry after seeing the "O" show at Bellagio; we wanted something with hot soup and this was the only place that was opened.

We ordered one wonton noodle soup, one beef soup and a side order roasted duck; the noodle soup and beef soup were ok, just soup base was quite salty but acceptable. The roasted duck was way too salty (covered in dated soy sauce), that we couldn't even finish one piece; not to mention it was $18 for 1/4 of the duck.

I wanted to return it but the husband said forget it, since the servers were too busy trying to get out of there - bad service. Will not recommend this place to anyone and we'll never come back again.
Terrible terrible service!   

Food was ok.    Seafood soba was good, char kway teow forgettable and chicken rice was disappointing.
We were looking for a moderately priced place that had vegetables, so I literally yelped "vegetables" and found this place.  We went at around 7:30 pm and only had to wait 10 minutes or so for a table on a Friday, which was nice.

Now in Vegas, I 1) wasn't planning on eating any spectacular Chinese food having grown up in San Gabriel Valley, 2) knew I was going to pay up the wazoo for anything.  I came prepared to shell out a bunch of money but it's probably the least amount I've ever spent on dinner in Vegas.  Their portions are pretty big, and I would definitely suggest sharing with the table.  It's always hard to get Chinese food and try and have each person order something since it's meant for sharing.  We started off with the roti prata, which came with this delicious curry sauce that we just started using on the rest of the meal.  We also ordered their Hong Kong style egg noodle, fried rice, Chinese broccoli, and the mixed vegetables.  They were all good, although the oyster sauce for the Chinese broccoli was waaay salty (which is why I'm happy we got it on the side).  Overall, the food kept us full for the most part, and although pricier than most Chinese places, doesn't break the bank.  Not 100% sure I would come back since there are so many different restaurants in Vegas, but not a bad option if you're in the area.
Enjoyed the food but don't ask then to make your meal any variation off their menu.  THE ANSWER WILL BE NO
It's a very clean minimalist set up with all the noodle types in jars lined up along the wall. Our server used these to point out exactly what style of noodle my dish would have, which was cute. That's where the positives end for me. 

The dim sum cart ladies are obnoxious. One was more obnoxious than the other. Walking up and down the length of the restaurant wailing "DIM SUM!" through their noses. We tried to order some dim sum, only to have a long order sheet tossed in our laps as she walked away. Then she sneezed. Big, loud, wet, NOT covering her mouth. OMG so gross. 

Pot stickers were delicious. I got the Hong Kong Egg Noodle. Meh. Sauce tasted ok but was a nasty snot consistency. I got BBQ pork, suspect it was microwaved. The hubster got Chicken Fried Rice. What appeared before him was more like Uncle Ben's Instant Rice, with microwaved veggie pieces thrown in. Gross. Bland. Boring. 

Fun fact. The husband spent the night on the toilet. I think my stomach has waited until morning to get upset about this particular meal. Never again. Screw you Noodles.
Unless you are in serious craving for Asian noodles and dont have anywhere else to go, I suggest to steer away from this one. The menu is all typical Asian food without anything special except the price is double or triple of a Chinatown in New York or San Fransisco but without an excellent taste of a great restaurant.
Dinner visit. A bit of a wait to get in, but worth the wait.  Reasonably priced (for the venue) and good food for the money.  The fried calamari appetizer was unremarkable. I had a hard time finishing my main course, which was laden with tender chicken, great noodles and a very savory broth, very filling. Good selection of sake.  Service was attentive without making you feel rushed.
I had an annoying experience from the start at this place. I must say, if I didn't have 2 beers to wait in like to eat here, I would of pulled someone's hair off. My boyfriend and I were very tempted to grab a cab away from the strip and find a better restaurant. 

I was very disappointed at the fact that I am a NOIR member at the Aria and they gave me troubles when showing them my card. If you are not aware, NOIR membership you receive when you gamble a lot in Vegas and gets you VIP lines, etc.

I had lost my NOIR card so the one I was holding had an expiration date but is still working. What bothered me was that the the lady in the front didn't bother to call to make sure my membership was good in order to seat me. I got very annoyed but, what can you do? I said "oh well, im starving." I stood there for about 45+ minutes to be seated. We were finally seated and thought the food was "good enough for vegas."

Long story short. I wont be back here.
I live in Las Vegas, but if I were to stay here and was marooned on the Strip, I would eat at Noodles. It is slightly more expensive than what you can find up the street in Chinatown, however the food is exceptional. I've had at least 20 meals there and have had the same quality each time. Very few restaurants can manage that consistency. I highly recommend the pad thai (they make it with wide rice noodles) and green tea ice cream for desert. They have the best green tea ice cream on the strip and throughout chinatown. From what I understand it is homemade, not just something out of a container.
price aside, the food is pretty good. but I've never paid more than $10 for a bowl of noodle soup in any Chinese restaurant, and I paid $18.5 for the tum yum noodle soup. it was good though. we also had stir fried veggie (Chinese waters spinach) and a couple of dim sum. the food isn't as greasy as typical Chinese restaurant, which I appreciate it. everything is more expensive on the strip, so I'm ok with it. just enjoy the food and don't think about the price.
Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #21 - #365

After a long 3 1/2 hour drive from California, checking into the Bellagio, and getting settled in the room, they start craving for Asian food. The first restaurant that comes up in Noodles because it's not too big like the other restaurants and it's tucked away right by the Baccarat Bar and table games. 

Every time we wait to be seated, it takes about 15 - 20 minutes but when Chinese customers wait, they are seated right away like they were, V.I.P.'s. Sounds like discrimination to me!  The Contemporary decoration in this restaurant was very relaxing with various jar of ingredients they use for their overpriced food. 

Our server was friendly and personable and gave us our drinks right away with some time to order. 

We ordered: 

*Hot Tea $4.50 -- Jasmine

*CHILEAN SEA BASS $34: Nonya curry sauce, bell peppers, onions (steamed) Homemade garlic ginger sauce, broccoli (steamed or deep fried) Soy sauce, green onions, ginger (steamed)

*BEEF $22 Kung pao sauce, bell peppers, onions, peanuts Broccoli, straw mushrooms, carrots Mongolian style, bell peppers, onions, green onions
Black pepper sauce, asparagus Black bean sauce, bell peppers, onions, garlic

*CHINESE BROCCOLI $12.50 Sauted in garlic or steamed (oyster sauce)

*CANTONESE ROAST DUCK $18.50 Plum sauce

The food in my honest opinion was delicious and I couldn't fault on anything. What bothered me and caused the review to go from 5 stars to 2 stars was the service. It took us a while to get our refills for out water and the food took about 25  - 35 minutes to be served. 

Our server kept telling us, "the food was on it's way," my Dad got tired of waiting and went to hit the slots. Around the restaurant, I noticed a lot of Chinese customers were getting their food much faster than us and that made me irritated. I never experienced this level of service. 

Nest time, I'll avoid this over priced restaurant and go for the Bellagio Snack bar where I can receive excellent service and cheaper eats.
There's a reason for the line out the door...
Noodles is a little difficult to locate on the Bellagio Casino floor -- but well worth the effort. We arrived before 6 PM and already the line was spilling into the casino. Although noodles are the featured item, entrees of chicken, pork and beef are included on the menu. Wingz are a standout appetizer -- cutsey name aside, bone-in wings are encased in a really cripsy, spicy crust. Shrimp temupura were large and the flavor was exactly what you'd expect. XO noodles with lump crabmeat is a rich dish of noodles and large chunks of fresh crab. Service is prompt and friendly and you won't be rushed. A must if you are in the bellagio and craving some Asian cuisine
If you're in the mood for over priced Asian-fusion food in Vegas, this is the place! 
Four plates for four people was about 90$ No free refills on your soda and the service was alright. 
I honestly was just thankful that it was open late. 

...Meh...
I fit the stereotype of an Asian.  I like my noodles, especially in a big Asian bowl.  This place, inside the luxurious Bellagio, doesn't specialize in one region but many Asian countries are represented here.  It makes the decision hard to pick just one.  I opted for the Udon noodle soup since it's something you don't see too much since Ramen seems to be the more popular soup in Japan.  Soup was good, not great and I enjoyed it.  Because of other Asian noodle shops in Vegas, I probably have my list that I must go to every time I'm in Vegas.  This is not one of those.  On the other hand, if I were walking by and I was hungry or someone wanted to go in, you won't have to twist my arm.
Since Noodles is located in Bellagio I already expected it to be expensive so the prices were not so surprising. But besides that service was great and food was great. I ordered the pan-fried pot stickers and it was one of the best pot stickers I have had. I would definitely come back here many more times and enjoy it all those times. I would highly recommend Noodles to anyone looking for a Asian restaurant to eat.
Almost every Vegas casino has the 24 hour cafe.  You know that restaurant that stays open all night, after the real restaurants have closed, to feed the late night crowd.  It usually has a little of everything, but nothing that stands out.  Food for sustenance, not for pleasure. 

Noodles is the Asian version of that cafe, only it closes at 3am.  A variety of random Asian dishes, some better than others, but nothing that stands out or that you'd want to go back for.  

I had the double happiness with BBQ pork and roast duck.  It's a dish with all meat, so I ordered a small bowl of rice on the side.  If you get the fried rice with duck, it's 90% rice, 10% duck.  The dish was $22.50 and while overpriced, still the best plate on the table.  Both meats were tender and flavorful.  You could easily order this dish and share among 2 people.  Well worth it.  

My hb got the laksa curry noodle.  It was a decent sized bowl, was steaming hot, but a bit on the fishy side for me.  More fishy, less curry.  Not my favorite.  

Our friend got the braised beef brisket rice.  He said it was good, but not great.  It was more of a meal for one as opposed to a dish to share, so plan accordingly.  

We also tried the tempura shrimp and at $12.75 came with 4 pieces.  They were decent sized, and done well, but easily something you could get anywhere else.  

Service was just ok.  It seemed there were many servers, but a lot of waiting around.  We weren't in a hurry, so we weren't bothered by it, but I did see a server straight up eating behind the counter, then with food still in her mouth and chewing, she picked up a few dishes and served them.  Kinda weird.  

Decent food, Vegas and Bellagio mark ups, ok service.  Average all around.
Had the Chinese broccoli and Kung Pao Shrimp.  Food was mediocre at best, seating was crammed, service was rushed and it was pricey. Experience was not worth the time and money.
Noodles is open late [2am?], so we came here after a show on a Saturday night. We stood in line for a while--there didn't seem to be a host/hostess seating people but it said to wait, so we waited. 

The decor was very brown/tan and bland. It needed some little pop of color like a red or bright green here or there. The wall of noodles was nicely done. Strangely, Noodles was pretty brightly lit for the time of night and the sort of small, intimate feel the place almost had. 

My group was comprised of three couples. Couple one ordered some white chicken and broccoli noodle dish that they really liked. Boyfriend and I/the 2nd couple got potstickers, miso, and pad Thai off the Pre-Fixe menu. All tasty! I loved the miso flavor--the saltiness was perfect. The postickers were okay, I'm not sure if they were sausage or what but the meat was kinda pink. Pad Thai was great--they used wide noodles in this dish, so that was a change but one I liked.

The table was kind of cool looking at first--it had a low tube backing. Downside to it was that all three of us on one side slammed our knees into the table leg getting out! I've got a big ol' bruise from that now.
Went here looking for Dim Sum after being sorely disappointed by a previous off-the-strip choice in a stand alone building ( I won't say any names here). This was a pleasant surprise as the food that I had was good to average. 

For Dim Sum, I had the baked and steamed pork buns, crystal steamed shrimp dumplings, and the crab and spinach dumplings. They were all "good". My main entree was the steamed Chilean Sea Bass served with steamed rice. Unfortunately, at $35 it was only "average". By no means bad, but I've had better at Mitchell's Fish Market Restaurant chain. Overall, all of the dishes needed more seasoning because they tasted somewhat bland for my palate. I also had two tall glasses of their Thai iced tea. I'd highly recommend it. 

Service was very fast, professional, and tip worthy. There were a lot of Asians eating there which to me is a very good sign. There was a line snaking outside from the hostess desk out to the casino proper. So, plan ahead, especially if you have a group of four or more.
My review won't be based on the service rather the food. The price point for the food is a bit high as well, but what do you expect to pay in Vegas? 

I recently stayed at the Bellagio and came here everyday. The first two nights, I ordered the Mandarin beef noodle soup. This is a beef stew noodle soup and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed it. It's also good hangover food. They give plenty of beef (they better for the price) and the broth (stew) was refreshing. 

Before leaving I had the dim sum and was not impressed. They didn't have my favorite dim sum dish and the items were limited. I would not come here to get the dim sum. We left with a large bill and feeling hungry. 

If I just went for the beef stew noodle soup, I would give Noodles four stars. Try the soup, if you're at the Bellagio. It's $20, but worth a try if you want Asian food.
Their noodle dishes are nothing amazing, but if you've been eating buffets and American food all weekend in Vegas, and you need a quick Asian noodle fix, this is it (I know some of you Asians know what "fix" I'm talking about.) And this place is better than that other place at the Wynn, Red 8. 

Personally, I'm Korean so I don't have craving for noodle soup like my Chinese husband. Rather, I have cravings for rice and kimchee.

Yo!

Their KIMCHEE IS LEGIT.  Amazing. So good.

That's all. :)
Curry Laksa Rice Noodles. 

Not bad, the curry broth was sweet and coconutty. If this was any place other than Vegas I would've thrown a fit over $17 a bowl (for noodles!), but this was Vegas so.....
This is a casual, relaxing spot where you can enjoy some Chinese comfort food. The menu has a good range of options, and the noodles are tasty and satisfying. 

The food is admittedly overpriced, especially for a style of cuisine that costs very little to make, but I don't necessarily fault the restaurant for that. You should always expect higher prices when dining on the strip. The bigger problem is that the line to be seated can get pretty long, and they don't take reservations. Sometimes you do get lucky, though. When I went yesterday, I only waited for about 5 minutes.

I would say that this restaurant is comparable to Beijing Noodle No. 9 at Caesar's. Of the two, Beijing seems to have better food, but I would say that Noodles has the more relaxing atmosphere. 

Either restaurant would be a fine choice, but overall, I think I like Beijing Noodle No. 9 a little bit better.
The hot green tea was tasty and the service was friendly.  The food was questionable.  The black bean sauce was good, but the PENANG FRIED KWAY TEOW looked and tasted like something a 5 year old kid could have made by tossing the ingredients together in a wok.  The only thing that provided flavor was the chili sauce and I could have added that myself.
My favorite casual comfort spot whenever hubby and I are in town. Prices are a little steep for Asian food, but the food is always good, so it's a fine trade off.

You must order their Hainanese Chicken Rice. It's the best I've ever had!! I was beyond stuffed, but kept stuffing my face because it was so damn good. My hubby's favorite is the Mandarin Beef Noodle. The flavors are on point and is super delicious. Their Wing Zing chicken wings are so yummy. Their congee is great too. I wouldn't recommend their fried calamari though, it's a sorry miss.

Only 4 stars because services can be a bit slow and inattentive and isn't always consistent. It's unfortunate, but won't stop me from coming here. Their Hainanese Chicken Rice omg.....
Short wait for a table for two on a busy Thursday night. Friendly service.
The Singapore noodles and chicken Kung po were both very good and plenty of food for two people to share without an appetiser. Reasonable prices. Would be happy to visit again.
Great casual dining.I was happy they were open late.  Ordered the Hong Kong Noodles and my husband had Pad Thai noodles and they were also delicious. Staff was great!!  I THINK our server tried to talk me out of the Hong Kong noodles. He said he likes it but some people don't like the gravy with the noodles. Ordered it anyway lol I enjoyed it but I can see how it would be weird for someone else.
One of my parent's faves in Vegas.  I thought the food was good but portions a little too small considering the hefty price tag.  We ordered the BBQ trio ... the duck and roast pork were good, but I don't think I would order the chicken next time.  Singapore noodles and Chinese broccoli were tasty dishes.  Decor is simple and elegant.  Service was outstanding.
Delicious. Got the special of spring rolls, miso soup, and shrimp pad thai. Others at table got beef sweet and spicy noodles and chicken pad thai. Mango pudding for dessert. Fast, good service. Expensive but that is expected in casino. Nice but not super fancy.
Noodles is a small 30-35 seat restaurant next to the Baccarrat Bar in the casino.  
Only because of the size it has limitations.  
The food is aweaomely incresible.  Fushion of chinese and korean.
We had crab fried rice - nicely flavored and not overpowering as to go with any dish you have.  Sweet and sour chicken - great flavor but neither too aour nor too sweet...it was very tender too.  Beef broccoli was out of this world...the depth of beef flavor in the sauce with sweetness and these was either cognac or aomething that made it stand out in your mouth..not like any other in Hawaii, California, Vegas or in Chinatown in Japan or Korea.....lol haven"t been to China....will always make this a stop in vegas
in between getting my ass kicked at the tables I decided to take a break and wandered in here. First impression,nicely done,inviting. Thats where it went downhill. I stood there for 7 minutes,god knows why,without so much as a ni hao. seriously annoying. ordered a spicy shrimp dish. Lets just say that I know of many places out of state where this would have been fine for 8 bucks but for 20+? The whole casino experience is really starting to be a huge turnoff. They serve swill and you get raped at the tables,awesome! Thank you sir may i have another? The best part of the whole meal was the giant beer i ordered,luckily they cant influence the taste of a sealed item. When will these casinos overhaul their stock holder mentality and up their game? probably never,its not profitable for them.
If you are in need of an Asian food fix, Noodles is a good choice in the Bellagio. It's a bit hidden in the casino so you may want to ask for directions. The casual eatery has a large selection of dishes to choose from. I recommend picking something with noodles, hence the name. I had gotten the wonton noodles before, and it was pretty good after adding some salt. I also recommend the Thai iced tea. 

Unfortunately, today I ordered the Hainanese chicken with bones in, and this was the worst I have had. The chicken tasted a bit funky and was very salty. The soup that came with the dish was salty too, but it tasted ok after eating the chicken. That's how salty the chicken was. It overpowered everything. The side sauces were nothing special just minced ginger, chili, and soy sauce. I had to ask for a sweet chili sauce to make the chicken more bearable. The fragrant rice that came with the chicken was the only good part of the dish. It costs around $22 too! 

Overall, come here for the wide variety of Asian food and stick with noodles. The menu has traditional Mandarin too for those who like a Mandarin menu. This is also a good choice if you're dining alone since there's a row of individual seating on a low bar style area.
I loved this place so much, I ate here twice on my visit to Vegas. Great fusion place, he dim sum is excellent as are the noodles and the cucumber salad is exceptional. Service is a little slow, but food definitely makes up for it. A wonderful restaurant inside of the Bellagio!
HOLY YUM.

Came here for a quick bite before going home and it was delicious. We split chicken satay and the chow mein. Perfectly seasoned and delicious (and the shrimp was huge) it is on the pricier side but it is well worth it. 

Service was a little stalled, and they brought out our main course before the appetizer but they were completely full as well.
Went here for lunch.  Got the barbeque pork and duck dish which was pretty good.  Duck was a little fatty but pork was outstanding.  Friend got potstickers and sweet and spicy noodle.  Pot stickers were terrific, noodle dish was fine.  A little bit expensive for just your basic asian food place but a good overall quality
"Meh..." is probably the most appropriate review of this place.

The food don't stick out, the service doesn't stick out, the ambiance doesn't stick out. Bland in all ways.

On the upside - they did have Udon noodles, that's always a plus for a noodle place in my book.
OUTSTANDING!

Service and food were great. AND, considering location, prices very moderate.
Bland. Over cooked noodles. Pricy. Snobby. Pretentious. We decided to eat here because I thought buffet was too expensive for vegan selection only & I'm impatient to wait for an hour in the buffet line. What a mistake. The price came out about the same & I was stuck with what I ordered. The soy bean was okay but it wasn't labeled organic so it was probably GMO soy. Disappointed.
Line is long so be prepared to wait even on a week day evening. Prices were a little heavy for my taste (I'm from manhattan so I'm used to it) 

The wonton soup was above average, the potstickers were average but the sweet and spicy beef noodles we're good. The beef was tender and tasty, the noodles were the same over all good dish and a big portion with fresh ingredients. Good experience with the pre-fixed menu but i won't come back.
First thing I noticed walking here was the restaurant was nice and there was a line to get seated.  Next thing I noticed was the expensive menu.  It was like $20 for a bowl of pho.  Where I'm from it's like $5-$10 max wherever I've been.  Pretty ridiculous pricing here if you ask me.  And the pho wasn't even great; it tasted plain.  My friend got the cucumber salad.  When the waitress brought it out it looked like a side order or extra stuff like cilantro that you'd put on your food.  Plate was hella small in portion.  And it cost $8.  So glad I didn't opt for salad this time.  I would've been super disappointed and pissed.  I ordered the fried rice which cost $15-16 bucks.  I was so happy with this order compared to the rest.  It tasted decent and It was bigger in portion LOL  I did have to add a lot of hot sauce to it and peppers.

When my one friend wanted a beer, she asked the waitress.  The waitress told her she had to order that at the bar!  Lolololol of course I should've expected this.  Asian customer service has mostly always been terrible.  Luckily, the waitress changed her mind and got it for her.

Overall, the restaurant is nice-looking, the customer service is a little less than decent but not terrible, the food was mostly plain and expensive, and if I were to ever eat here again (if my friends drag me here) I would opt for the fried rice again.
Try the sesame chicken . . You'll love it!!  There was a line for us, but the service was fast and we got through quickly!
So disappointed at how horribly inconsistent their Hainese Chicken and Rice is. Last night was such a sad night for me. 

I was looking forward to devouring that delicious chicken and rice I had on a previous trip and was smacked right in the face with major disappointment. 

The chicken lacked flavor and juiciness. The rice was either stale or undercooked. The ginger oil didn't taste that great either. 

WTF happened guys?!? Get your butts together!! I want my chicken and rice to be as delicious as it was the last time!!!!
This place has the look and pricing of a nice restaurant befitting of the Bellagio hotel but the food was just okay and the service was terrible - no better than a hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant. It was a long wait before our waitress decided to grace us with her presence. She had no personality and didn't even say the minimal "Hi, can I take your order" - her mere presence at our table was her indication to us that she was ready to take our order. Food was slow to come out and one server practically threw a dish on to our table. I expect this kind of service from a hole-in-the-wall restaurant in exchange for cheap prices but this restaurant charges quite a premium for what they serve.
Party of 2, seated right away. Even past the line of people waiting. There was also plenty of bar style seating if you so choose. 

Service was good. Will encounter a little bit of a language barrier if you don't listen carefully. Other than that, very friendly staff. 

I ordered a few from their (short) dim sum list. It was dinner time, so it was expected. I also tried their much talked about Mandarin Beef Noodle Soup. Amazing. Very flavorful broth, perfectly cooked noodles, and tender beef. 

My friend had the lobster special and enjoyed that as well. 

Prices were moderate for a place like Vegas. 

I'd visit again to try some other items.
Probably the best Asian food I had in Vegas so far (but it's only day 2), it's very authentic when it comes to the Chinese food. I thought the food was a little bland but I remember that's what older chinese people like. So you may have to add some salt and pepper but I thought it was better since it's healthier. 
I was extremely hungry on the casino floor and there wasn't much open, but I remembered my friend telling me that Noodles was pretty good. I came a few hours ago but the wait was 45 minutes. Around 12am, I probably only waited around 20 minutes.
Once we sat down, the server came relatively quickly to take our order and our food came soon after. We ordered the kimchi, hot and spicy cucumber, roast duck and roast pork, bokchoy in garlic sauce, and 2 congee with century egg and pork. Everything was very good but like I said earlier, a little bland. Although the pork in the congee was very flavorful. Definitely satisfied my craving for Chinese food! 

My only complaint would be that it's pretty pricey but then again it's casino food, it's expected. My will probably be going back here since my friends will be back for poker. 

Tip: if your friends play in the high stakes room in the back, food is free. I'll be doing that next time :)
Wonderful surprise. This is truly a great place. Good food and service. We started with the Shiu Mai and some Asian greens that looked like spinach or turnip greens that were very tasty. We then had Spicy Thai shrimp Noodle soup, Seafood Noodle soup & Vietnamese Seafood Pho. All delicious.
We ordered the seafood noodle it was very good but could use a bit more salt ... The duck with rice and veggie meal was also very good with the plum sauce. We also had a very sweet server who had personality! Would def visit again to try other foods they have to offer.
Hungry me= Past midnight on the strip + Wanting Asian food + Overpriced chinese style noodles 

There is def' a convenience factor plus the location justifies the price but it wasn't anything out of ordinary chinese style noodles. 

Given the circumstance this place was OK.
Going to this place was a horrible experience: long wait to be seated, rude staff and disgusting food. Nothing at this place is worth experiencing.
Maybe I'm just used to half a lifetime of Chinese food. But this place just didn't impress me. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't impressive. I would have given it 3 stars if it was fairly priced. 4 stars if it was cheap. Maybe it is for a Bellagio restaurant, but there are a lot of restaurants nearby. This is an OK place. I wouldn't go too far out if my way for it.

Service was great. Friendly staff. Ambiance is casual and comfortable.
The food is good and comparable to what you would get in any chinatown but as you would expect for a restaurant in Bellagio the prices were high. Basically $20 per order. The portions are small compared to your typical chinese restaurants. We were there with six in our party and we order five dishes. Two noodle dishes, one fried rice, one meat and one tofu dish. Thinking that this should be plenty of six people as one order is most chinese restaurants if far more food than can be eaten by one person,  but we polished off everything and could have eaten a sixth dish but we had a show to catch so we decide not to add anything. We ate around 6 pm and no line to be seated but when we left there was a line of around 20 people. The restaurant is small  and decor is interesting with the bottles of dried food items on one wall and the other wall had these rope wall hangings that seem out of place for a chinese restaurant .  Nevertheless it is probably the lowest priced place for dinner in Bellagio where you can get dinner for $20/person. Basically it was okay but have to rate it down due to the price and portion size. But if you are staying Bellagio and do not want to haul everyone to another hotel this is not a bad option.
Not for anyone looking for authentic Chinese food. I would go for the location if staying in Bellagio. Otherwise, it's overpriced and the poor quality does not deserve it.
We always hit this place when staying at the Belllagio.  One of the best shrimp wonton noodle soups I've ever had with giant shrimp packed into their wontons and a delciously rich broth.  Also have had the wok-fried Penang style Kweuy teaw with beef and it was perfect with very tender beef.  Don't know about the fancy dishes, but stick with the noodles and you won't be disappointed.  I don't take price into account in my reviews, because everything in the casinos is overpriced.
Since I'm from hawaii I was craving some asian food it's our fix in hawaii. We came in it took them about 5-10min for them to sit us at a table not very long we didn't really care we just wanted some food. While we waited we looked at the menu so we knew exactly what we wanted

My boyfriend and I ordered 3 things shumai, fried rice and a udon seafood soup. The pork and shrimp shumai comes with 5 pieces I would highly recommend very good. We also got the regular fried rice with chicken, it was good but not the best I've tasted. The reason I'm giving them 4 stars Is because I found a piece of hair in my fried rice which was really gross. People in the kitchen just needa be a little more careful. Being the type of person I am I didn't want to make a big deal out of it. I let my waitress know she was very nice about it apologized and said she would let the manager know. The manager then came over to us and apologized as well asked us if we wanted another new fried rice made me and my boyfriend declined the offer as we were waiting for another dish she gladly said she was going to take off the fried rice for us. We also got a seafood noodle soup it had huge pieces of shrimp squid and seabass (which was delicious) the broth was a little plain but it's ok just added some shoyu in there and you are set. 

We then got our check and she had taken off our shumai and the fried rice. Very sweet of her we really didnt ask that much. If you are looking for some good Asian food more of a Chinese cuisine style this place is a must check out
Good place to get a quick dinner if you can't get reservations at one of the other restaurants in the Bellagio or if you're looking for something more casual. To enter they have a line that you queue in before being allowed in as others leave. Its a fairly small restaurant but we came here at 8pm on a Wednesday night and only waited for about 10 minutes.

Food was pretty good and came out quickly. I love noodles in general so I was in heaven with this menu!
long wait in line up for a table to see an overpriced menu. ww ordered appetizers and mains each. my main came out before my appetizer they took it away and then 10 mins later appetizers arrived which were pretty standard nothing to rave about.  mains arrjved and mine was cold as it seemed to be the main that came to our table first was not impressed with that didnt eeally eat any of it except for the meat, noodle dish was very oily, however my partner had duck with rice and that nice but have had better, sauce was very salty.  would not rush there again.
We have had pretty bad Asian food before but this place ranks as one of bottom 5.  The experience itself is subpar and the food definitely leaves something to be desired. We had the shrimp dumplings, kung pao chicken and yaki udon.  The dumplings were ok.  The chicken was just really bland for something that is supposed to spicy, and the noodles were just bleh.  I know that is not very descriptive but it's hard to be descriptive about this place. Will never return.
Advice? Do not go here. I wish I could put 0 stars. Service is so bad, the servers look like they are miserable with their lives. I also ordered shrimp tempura and fried calamari for appetizers and it tastes like the one you get from Costco boxes. Food got to me so cold..
the worst chinese food ever!!! also worst customer service. all food i order has no taste.. if i can only give -0 review  i will
I ended up eating at Noodles twice while playing the Bellagio Cup poker tournament because it was close and looked inviting. 

It's a very casual place that caters to convenience of being right there and serves trendy and upscale Americanized Asian bistro. Of course, like most of these hotel restaurants, it prices itself way high and makes you think you're getting a better experience than you really are getting. The service is decent, not great, but decent. 

On my two visits, I ordered the Pad Thai noodles with pot sticker dim sum and Hor Fun with Satay Chicken. Being a Thai food aficionado, there was something a bit odd about the Pad Thai, almost a sickly sweet taste to it. The pot stickers were not exceptionally noteworthy. The Hor Fun was the best dish I ordered. The Satay Chicken was good, but it's pretty hard to screw that dish up.

I applaud them for giving correct portion sizes. They do not dump a truckload of food on a plate. It's a respectable serving size without making you feel like a glutton for finishing your bowl. The service was a bit sketchy. Not awful, but not great. My waitress just had the attitude of "what do you want to eat," not "can I answer any questions you might have?" 

Overpriced, yes. Underwhelming, no. If you find yourself in a pinch like I did, needing to grab a bite to eat while on a break, Noodles is a good choice. Otherwise, I'd stick to finding other real-deal restaurants in Vegas and steer clear.
Noodles is apparently "known" for its noodles and dim sum. Psht dim sum, more like dim a lot(of money) [sorry bad pun]. 

Anyways, the decoration of the place was pretty cool and unique. Noodles everywhere! The service was interesting. It took our server 15minutes to realize that we were sitting at our table. After swinging our arms and giving her the head nod. The hostess finally went to get her. (-1 star) When she got to us, she was friendly and even spoke Chinese, which I guess is a plus if you can't speak English. 

To the food: we ordered the premium fried rice, some kind of soba noodle soup, beef noodle soup, duck egg congee, crab meat vermicelli noodles, a few dim sum items. 

Hold on to your hats, I'm going to do a quick run through of everything. 

Premium fried rice: contains pineapples. Has a sweet taste. However very dry, so I'm assuming they used fresh cooked rice, making the fried rice dry. Tasted like nothing to me. L

Soba noodle soup: tastes like sake.

Beef noodle soup: good soup base, but there was not enough soup. The beef was well cooked, so it was soft and it easily "melted" in your mouth. The egg noodles did not match the taste of the beef noodle soup. The noodles tasted like flour to me.

Congee: tasted pretty good, the chicken had no taste.

Vermicilli noodles: crab meat was dry. Dish was okay but really salty for my taste. 

Dim sum: it was dim sum but it wasn't with like 9-11$ for a plate. Haha.

Overall, if you're craving Asian and are too lazy to walk into the hell wrath heat outside, go here. Otherwise I don't recommend. :)
I recommend the Thai soup and congee.  The yellow noodle with duck and wonton soup were pretty bland. I had to mix in soy sauce and hot sauce to give it more flavor. Service can be very rude here sometimes. I recommend phoning your order, picking up your order to avoid the line, and eating in your room.
I didnt know "sh*tty wok" from south park existed but this is it. Come here and enjoy theyre incredibly low quality food with their incredibly high quality decor. 

We got the calamari and pad thai. Calamari tasted like it was defrosted, left out, then slightly heated up. Rubbery and greasy texture. I thought it was funny how badly i got ripped off. I kept telling my girlfriend in a sarcastic chinese manager voice "haha you stupid idiot pay $40 dollar for sh*@&$ food". Good thing im rich and don't care about costly mistakes like this. This place should be ashamed!
My only complaint is not to come here with someone who lived in Asia and knows what "real" asian food is. They will complain!

Our server was very sweet and the food was good for my taste, ended up trying a lot of new things and liking them all!!!
Ordered soba noodles expecting it to be cold but it was hot and was told by the waiter ... Oh well.  To top it off the hot soba was worse than cup of noodles. Won't be going back
Very unreliable quality of food. It can be a hit or miss. Eaten their 3 times and the same food item tasted different each of the times. If your craving Asian food has a wed variety of menu items and it will satisfy you but it's not the best you can find. Love their noodle soups
This is the best place in Las Vegas for dim sum IMHO.  Four people can eat all they want for $20 -$30.  Even the staff is friendly!  Plenty of parking out front and it's usually full of Asians - a good sign.  I've checked out virtually all the other dim sum in Vegas and this is the best deal.  I have no connection to the restaurant.
On the quest to find decent dim sum in the desert, Orchids Garden was my next try.  They get major points for constantly having carts of food roll by.  The only problem was that the selection was to the minimum.  I would get all excited every time I see a cart, only to discover each lady had the same exact thing as the lady before her.  Bummer.  

I give them major points for having Shanghai dumplings.  However, they were horrendous!  The skin was unusually thick and you'll never find me ordering that here again.  They also had the very special Shark Fin Dumpling Soup (Goon Tong Gow,  to fill with liquid, soup, dumpling) that you have to special order.  It comes with red vinegar and ginger slices for you to dump into the soup.  Yes, major props for having it, but it didn't taste that great either.  And instead of shark fin, they had glass noodles instead!

Their standard shrimp dumplings and pork dumplings were decent.  Their chicken feet in black bean sauce was flavorful.  Their bean curd wrapped seafood thing was okay, some of it over steamed though.  The Chinese broccoli was slippery as heck and the shrimp rice noodle was decent too.

The tricky thing was that as we hung out after we paid our bill, we noticed different stuff coming out!  I saw the Pineapple Bun and inquired if there was yellow egg custard in it, and the lady confirmed there was!  Since discovering this yummy bun only recently, I had to get some.  And it was oh so good, and piping hot too!  (It's the marriage of the Bolo Bao and the Nai Wong Bao!)  

I only had the small egg custard tarts and this other fruit tart that I wouldn't usually see in a dim sum restaurant for dessert.  They did have the soft tofu, but the lady scooping it caught too much water in there, drowning out the syrupy taste.

Overall, Orchids Garden was a decent place for dim sum on a Saturday morning.  It's a huge place with lots of Chinese (ethnic Chinese, as I could hear Cantonese being spoken everywhere) and non-Chinese customers dining here.  I like that you can see non-Chinese families dining here as it can often be intimidating at these huge dim sum operations.  

And the prices were pretty decent too. With a party of four, it came out to about $65 total, and we definitely stuffed ourselves pretty good too.

Until I find another place better, you'll find me here again.  The wait was minimal too. And there's parking in the back as well!

Update: 01/03/07 - I've been back twice already since this review!  And it's not because the food is so fabulous, but I have yet to find a better one.  You can easily fit 14 people at a table with minimal wait too!  And their Pineapple Egg Custard buns are so worthy waiting for!  Get them while they are hot and take them all if you can!  They are THAT good.

Update: 11/05/07 - Went back yesterday for dim sum.  Their chicken's feet was pretty good, and the deep fried calamari was a surprise hit too.  The BF really like the roasted pork that came with pickled veggies.  Their chive and shrimp dumpling is good when it's hot, and thank goodness the Shanghai dumplings never came out since I forgot our bad experience with it the first time!  The pineapple egg custard bun was present, but not quite as good when it's not piping hot.  So, only get it when it's hot hot hot!
so this time, i decided to go to another location for dim sum b/c of my recent experience at another restaurant.  its the only chinese- themed structured restaurant on sahara blvd and its HUGE.  right when i drove up to the parking lot, it was full, but luckily there was parking in the back.  inside, two rooms on the left and right were packed with people, a huge variety, and a major portion chinese (Cantonese)...according to my adorable companion.  i wanted to be in the main room b/c i can see all the silver carts filled with colorful food items frantically moving around the tables.  the smells and sights made me so hungry.
for some odd reason everytime they filled our teapot, they would not close it well, so i kept spilling tea out from the top.  the basic steam items were ok.  i do have to say my favorite chicken feet  in black bean sauce was hella tasty.  the chinese broccoli drowned in oyster was alright, how do you go wrong with that?  they did have shanghai dumplings, but the skin was a bit thick and took away the flavor of the meat inside.  they did have my favorite shark fin dumpling soup with the vinegar, but i was told that the shark fin that i have always thought to be in this dish was sometimes replaced with glass noodles...is it b/c im not chinese???   otherwise it did taste good.   i also had the yummy egg tarts and egg tarts w/fruit.  i also had the silky tofu in sugar-ginger soup....ooh  so warm to my belly.  i think its a good idea to come around 12:30pm, b/c the longer we stayed the more new dishes came out.  right before we were leaving, we saw the this pineapple bun filled yellow egg custard.  that was the first time i had that.  imagine, taking a bite on a sweet crusty bun and having creamy yellow egg custard squeeze into your mouth.  so for now, this place will have to do as i join my lovely dining companion for the search for the best place for dim sum in all of vegas...stay tuned b/c i have another restaurant in mind already.....
OMG!!!!  I think my ancestors would roll over in their graves to hear what this restaurant charges for a bowl of congee (rice porridge)!!!  $28 for a bowl of seafood congee!  AIYAH!  It's totally unheard of, I hope the seafood is made out of gold!  After having spent a week here in Vegas without having any asian food, I had a craving so I came here.  Looking at the prices, I thought this place must serve some stellar chinese food.  Well, it disappointed me.  While the staff was very friendly and a couple of the waiters even flirted with me (hehehe...), I just didn't think the food was all that great, especially one that prides itself on being a great chinese restaurant serving authentic Hong Kong style cuisine.  I got the seafood pan fried noodles which was $18 and then a serving of the roasted pork belly for $16.  The food was mediocre and very pricey.  It however, had a nice view of people on the gondolas at the Venetian.  The restaurant was pretty dead for it being a Friday night at the busy Venetian casino.
Not bad Not bad.. the dim sum was quite fresh and the cost was quite reasonable.. 
WHen people say this chinese place is dirty.. i would agree.. but its a CHINESE restaurant.. I would be quite concerned if the place was too clean. 
Now I've been to some bad places.. so I know bad when i see it.. for those of you who love dim sum.. this place is a good choice..
Also you might want to plan accordingly.. i went on tuesday for lunch and it was crowded.. I can  just imagine coming here on the weekend..
And by the way this place is so popular they are open on Thanksgiving.. AND they extended their hours this day.. hmmm..
We were one of the first to arrive at 10:30AM on a Saturday morning, but the room filled up over the next hour.  I failed to write down what we ate, but 5 of the 7 dishes we tried contained pretty much the same ingredients of ground pork and shrimp.  The best dish was the egg tarts with the worst being the barbecued pork bun which was all bun, no pork.  Prices were relatively inexpensive, but the food quality and variety were disappointing.
We've been to so many different dim sum places in Vegas we thought we'd give yet another one a try. Boy the wait is hella long during lunch time. We waited about 40 minutes! However, once we were seated, things started to roll rather quickly. They asked what kind of tea we wanted and it was brought out really fast. The carts started to roll our way and it had most of the stuff we were wanting to eat so that was a plus.

The har gaw was slightly above average (compared to the rest of Vegas) and the soy sheet rolls weren't bad at all. My fave was the fact that they had 'ma lai go' and it was the authentic kind -- tan brown in color rather than sponge cake yellow.

Like what the other reviewers have mentioned it's dirty and the bathrooms are filthy. However, pee before you leave your hotel and go early so you don't have a wait -- avoid having to go to the bathroom at all and you'll have a good meal. Very cheap dim sum I'd say!
Dim Sum and then some...

I have been searching for some "community" tradition in Vegas where most everything is about the tourist and those of us who actually live here kind of get lost in the fray. 

Well, I think I have found my little bit of togetherness on a Sunday at Orchid's Garden. Very crowded, very loud and bursting with energy. 

Trolley pushing ladies running from corner to corner of a packed dinning room make it a bit hard to hear about the selections. So, my friends and I are not sure what to call everything we ate. Everything we ate tasted lovely, especially the custard rolls---yum we had to get seconds. 

It was not the cleanest nor the most upscale decorated but it gives a little tone of hominess.
I wasn't that impressed with this place. It was pretty busy at 2pm for dim sum on a Tuesday though. Decent dim sum, I guess...

Most of the dim sum we had were already cold. I guess we were seated in the "other" room, and not the main dining area. Oh well! The only good thing I ate (and was WARM!) was the pineapple buns. They were pretty good. Theresa B. and me had to get another tray.

The total wasn't as bad as we thought. We had about 20 dim sum plates, and it cost us about $13 each for the 4 of us (including tip and tax). 

I actually like Chang's a lot better than this...
When we were here last year, we didn't like this place much. The service was slow, we waited for the Dim Sum carts for 5-15 minutes. I had to push the cart to our table... boy, I didn't think they run that fast after me... since they were so slow with the cart. =P 

Food was ok, but I would recommend Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine instead.
Dim Sum was mediocre, some dishes were cold. The taste was okay not great. Inside looks a bit dirty and out dated. Not a whole lot of variety to choose from.
I must say that Dim Sum in Vegas is definitely an adventure. One has to find a balance between good quality and value. The best authentic dim sum place? I would definitely say Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine. The problem? Its pricey. The worst? I would say Harbor Palace. I would not ever go back there again. The middle ground? Orchid's Garden. 

Dont get me wrong. This place is definitely not a five star kinda place... but it gets the job done. If I'm going, I always (and I mean ALWAYS) go on a Saturday morning around 11-Noon. I think the food is the freshest and the wait staff is most tolerable. On Sundays, I feel the food is recycled from the day before and the workers try to rush you in and out like cattle.

They have the normal dim sum fare. Nothing too spectacular. The food is pretty consistent and I know what I'm in store for. The cart pushing ladies are pretty nice to me now since I'm a familiar face. What I mean by that is now they dont try to force dishes on my table or recommend stuff that is catered towards the novice.

If I had friends in town, I would most likely bring them someplace nicer. If its just me and my buddies, this place is fine. Why go to Changs and pay up to double for a slightly higher quality when you can go to Orchids Garden and possibly taste a few extra dishes instead?

To put it in layman's terms, Changs is like a Wynn/Bellagio Buffet while Orchid's Garden would be a Planet Hollywood/Mirage Buffet. Easy enough?
This place has dim sum cart service until 10pm everyday.  Dim sum was pretty good but a tad pricey.  We went for dinner on a Sunday around 6pm.  The service was a little slow at first but eventually picked up.  I got all my favorites (siu mai, har gow, crispy shrimp balls) and was stuffed by the end.   It was a little greasier than I would have liked but if I was craving dim sum on a random weekday night, this place will do.
Howzit!?

Very average Dim Sum. 

Decent service.

Notable dishes: Sauteed Chicken Feet, Mini Custard Tarts.
Hands down the best dim sum place in Vegas.

Look, I've never been to Chang's.  I've heard it's pretty good too...  but shoot, this place is pretty good.  It'll stand up decently too in San Francisco, where I'm from.  It won't be the best place -- but it'll be a place I'd frequent regularly for the quality and value of the food.

Why, you say?  Cuz their baked goods are, well, GOOD!  Try, for examples, the miniature baked BBQ pork in a buttery, flaky pastry.  Love it!  The miniature egg custard.  Well done!  The crust is good...  the custard... well, they could use a little more egg whites.  But in any case, their baked goods are excellent!

Har gow, Shumai, Lo mai kai, fried shrimp dumpling, chicken feet, cheung fun (you know, the regulars), these all are pretty good.  I stuffed myself with 5 plates and it cost me $12.50 + tips.

One last thing...  I haven't tried Chang's yet -- I'm going to.   But as far as I'm concerned, Orchid Garden is as authentic as it's going to get in LV.    I walked in, for the first time, one Sunday early afternoon and was greeted by the loud clanging of chopsticks against plates and the familiar hum of hundreds of loud conversation melded into one -- now that's an authentic dim sum joint.
Okay, this place should be investigated for selling substances that are addictive!!

Can we just talk for a minute about how friggin' good those damn mini custard buns are? Can we??!!!

The rest of the dim sum just sorta pales in comparison...EXCEPT the chow mein...another dish that rocked.

I could go back and have a dim sum feast of just custard buns and chow mein...seriously!
I actually quite like Orchids Garden. Last time we had to wait for a long time for a table, but this time, even though there were a bunch of people waiting, my wife walked up to the front and next thing I knew we were being seated. Just as well because I could tell my wife was super hungry and it did well for them to seat us immediately.

The place was packed and the carts rolled around and soon we had bbq pork buns on the table along with other things. Everything was good. I mean it's not San Francisco good, but out of all the places we've been to in Vegas, this one is better than the rest.

By the time we finished, the crowd was so big it was hard to get out the door. My wife joked that the food must be free for them since she would not wait that long if she's hungry. We were satisfied and it was very reasonable too.
Went to eat here on Saturday night at around 7pm.  They didn't have the thousand year egg + pork porridge that I was hoping to eat, and what they did have was cold.  Dim sum is supposed to be piping hot...what the hell, man?  I feel like business was bad that day, and I got the left overs.
This place is only A-OK for me. My dad choses to come here every time we visit vegas. Being Chinese, you just gotta try the Dim Sum in other parts of the country/world. You just gotta. Well here is my take on this past experience:

Personally, I thought food was average/ could have been much better. We came here when they first opened and things were fresh and delicious. This time around, not the same. The Shao Long Bao (Pork Mini Buns) were dry and nasty. The rice wrapped in lotus leaves tasted a bit odd and the Shu Mai and Chicken hands could have been much better prepared. Something just didn't taste right when I ate it. Maybe it was just a bad experience this time around? I mean we do come here often when we visit Vegas. So for now, I suppose I give them a 2.5/3 for their decent food. I'll be back, don't worry! I'll let you know how they hold up :)
Emmm Dim sum. I have been about 5-7 times now and the dim sum is all day!!!!!!! In california its really rare to find a place to have dim sum all day. So these place is great. During lunch time the prices are way better than going later in the day I believe after 3 or 4. I recently just went this passed weekend and we had a party of five adults and 1 child and we pretty much all stuffed of dim sum, soy sauce and hot tea for 38.37. I was stuffed. I will be back!

Where can you find a place that serves dim sum all day?
I really liked this place and was surprised it wasn't busier. I went on the Sunday at 11:30 the day before Chinese New Year's. Shouldn't it be packed with Chinese families and LAers leaving town? But no matter. Glad there was no wait. The food was good, smaller sized portions than normal, but yummy. The porridge bowls are smaller and the egg tarts could have passed for minis. But they weren't sold as minis because you only got three (and the minis are sold in 4s). It was at a good price. I believe the A's were at $1.90. 

And, as others have mentioned, dim sum all day!
I miss Dim Sum. New Orleans is not a place to live if it's a staple in your diet. I loved the hustle and bustle of Asian familes and the harried staff. The dumplings themselves were good, the tea piping hot, but wished we had ordered some broccoli.

That is all.
im not a huge dim sum fan, but everytime im in vegas, i find myself at orchid garden. the food is actually really good. the best dim sum ive had id say? i dont know. and for some reason, seems like everytime i am at this place, the line is always so long. but everyone was nice, and it was good!
This was only the second Dim Sum place we have eaten at in LV.  But no need to search for another one.  
It was really packed and we waited for a while before we were seated.  But that is a good sign so no complaints there.  They just needed more bench and chairs for the older folks so they can sit while they wait.  

The dim sum is fresh, warm and you can even order what you do not see. 
Go before the busy time so you don't wait long.  
My fave there is the calamari.  I love the egg pie, the crust is soooo flaky and yumms.   

This place was highly recommended to me ....I highly recommend it to everyone.....!
Dim Sum is a traditional Chinese cuisine in which small portions of a variety of foods, including an assortment of steamed or fried dumplings, are served in succession.  

Easter Sunday and it was my cousin Manny, my mother and I eating out for lunch.  Usually Easter is dominated by hotels, casinos offering the standard higher priced brunch  However, we decided on Dim Sum (not a tradition) but I was willing to try it because it will please my mother and I am the one visiting Vegas.  

The place itself is in northwest of the strip on Sahara and was not really far from where my mom and Manny lived (if there was no traffic) we got there in plenty of time to get a number and wait.  The proportion of Chinese speaking patrons were probably  90 to 1 to non Chinese.  The newspapers outside the lobby was chinese, all the writing on the menu board is chinese..  The good thing about dim sum is point and taste.  If you picked something you didn't like then you are fine to eat something else.

So steamed or fried.  Most of the items we did get were steamed (not as in angry) but were in a metal or wood container, it's like lunch a la carte but they move the food around and ask you if you want something (sometimes the same thing several times).  Of course if you like it, then you can get more of the same.  

We picked a range of food from simple short ribs, pork roast, pork and shrimp dumplings.  But Manny my cousin was apt for the challenge, he said I like chicken feet so we ordered it.  In all my experiences in eating Chinese or Asian food, chicken feet has never touched this lips.  However convinced by my cousin to try this slightly battered (coating not beat up) chicken feet.  I tried it, it was not as bad as I thought.  It was gelatinous and easy to eat and spit.  Now I can say I ate chicken feet but would I try it again, maybe next time when its deep fried and I have had several beers.

Overally service was hectic but good.  The only caveat is the long wait for the check to be completed.  We thought they would rush us out but because the restaurant had slowed down since we came in, the new customers were getting the attention, we were just waiting.  Always drink tea when you are eating dim sum, it helps with the greasy food you are ingesting.  Oh, we did eat chinese broccoli, the designated vegetable.  We also had some smelt, my mom' s favorite (not crunchy or seasoned enough for me)

The ultimate surprise which I always try to look for dim sum is the tofu.  This is not the tofu you buy in the supermarket, this is one is silky and warm and with a little syrup and was delicious - taho in the Philippines.

Overall, for the clientele who believe this is good enough for them and good enough for us.  It cost us about 60 bucks which is 20 per person (no I didn't make my Mom pay - Manny and I split it)..  I had a good and new experience in Las Vegas away from the strip and the namebrand chef cuisine.
When I want some dim sum, it's sometimes a dim prospect, especially if you're not in SF Bay, LA, or NYC Chinatown. Good dim sum in Vegas?  Heck yeah. I really like this place.  Dim sum can be bad if it's not fresh. But it is good here. A warning - you should get there before 1:30 or the number of dim sum carts hawked by their cart ladies declines after the peak of lunch.  They do advertise "dim sum all day".  So, you can order it on the phone or in person, and all of your stuff will come out freshly steamed or baked.  They do not take dim sum from the cart ladies for to go orders. 

This is a free standing building off Sahara west of Eyeglass World. The decor and ambiance isn't something you'd wow about.  The bathrooms aren't the cleanest, and the parking during peak times (noon - 1 PM) can be a challenge.  But overall, it was a nice place to be when you want some dim sum as well as traditional Chinese food.  A lot of first time customers get a puzzled look when they cart ladies come by, but often by the end of their meal, they're hooked.  

I don't like everything on the menu.  But there were lots of things our group loved.  We tried/shared all the different types of siu mai, egg rolls, har gow and  pork bun (steamed, baked).  Loved that gai lan, and enjoyed the porridge. We had their fried fish, noodles, and some desserts like custard pie, sweet rice cakes, sesame balls, and I forget the rest. We went  a1:15 PM so the stuff was pretty fresh and the little carts were still darting through the restaurant. Some of the ladies were hard to understand but it didn't matter as long as you could see what she had in her cart. We took what we didn't finish home.  But except for the desserts, they tasted much better in the restaurant.  Lucky for me being a sweet tooth, they made for a great after dinner snack.  Yummy

It's a hassle from where in OC I live to get to the decent dim sum places in LA county.  How I miss living in the SF Bay area where dim sum places in Oakland and SF Chinatown are plentiful and yummy.  But when visiting my relatives in Vegas, this is an excellent choice. Each plate of dim sum was about $2 each, plus or minus some change.
First, the plusses:  Orchids Garden offers Dim Sum all day, not just during the morning and lunch hours.  It's inexpensive.  Two of us staggered out for $18, including tax and a generous tip.
The minuses:  It's way too far away from my apartment near UNLV.  As in too many transfers, too long a bus ride.  The Dim Sum was okay.  We had a variety of dishes, but nothing was superb.
The neither-good-nor-bad:  Orchids Garden also has American-style Chinese food (Chow mein, sweet and sour something...).  I saw an Anglo couple (I'm Anglo, too) with those kinds of dishes on their table.  There were also plenty of Asians eating Dim Sum or real Chinese food.  If I were going out for Chinese food with a very mixed group (which would be my classmates, or my former colleagues), this would be a good choice because everyone could get something to their liking.
i've been to most of the dim sum places in Vegas, and I have to say Orchid Garden reminds me the most of the good dim sum places in Los Angeles. And the fact it serves dim sum allll day ~ bonus!!!
Just got back from a *fabulous* lunch at Orchids Garden. Clearly I'm not Asian and for some background I didn't grow up in Cali or anything, so I am no expert in dim sum. I've had it a few times in Houston at various spots, but this was by far the best dim sum I've had. 

We had many many types of dumplings. Some with mushrooms, most had some sort of shrimp or pork in there somewhere. Chinese broccoli was cooked perfectly. One of the surprise favorites was a platter of rolled up "wide noodles" (damn I wish I knew the name of them!). They looked like tripe or something icky, but trust me - order them! 

So if you're new to dim sum and want to give it a shot, this place is an excellent place to start. Our check came out to $35 for 2 of us, but we got disgusting amounts of food. I'm too embarassed about how much we ate to sit back and tally up how many pieces that must have been!
Wowie! Dim sum ALL DAY for DIRT CHEAP prices!

My group of people wanted some good Chinese food, so with some advice from one of my friend's local relatives, we strayed away from The Strip and came here. 

They had all the normal dim sum goodies... sui mai, BBQ pork buns, flour rice sheet with shrimp, deep fried shrimp balls and more! Everything was pretty fresh and I DIDN'T get sick after eating here. Amazing! I loved their desserts. They had mango pudding and this fabulous sweet egg custard bun (not made with the typical white bun, but more like a pastry). They're Chinese broccoli was cooked perfectly. I thought the black bean short ribs had a strange taste to them. But overall, I had a great experience here.

It's definitely worth coming here if you want to get away from The Strip and pay REASONABLE prices for some good food. To feed NINE people it only cost about $80, including tax AND tip. AMAZING! Another time we ate there, it only cost about $50 to feed all nine of us again. It's almost a miracle that you can even eat for that cheap in Vegas! Don't let this miracle slip away!
I just had breakfast at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine and coming from the bay area I was very disappointed. I spoke to a young Asian couple there and asked if there were any good dim sum places in the area. They said Chang's was as good as it gets in Vegas. They did mention Orchids Garden as a close alternative. So lunch time hits and here I am. The staff was friendly I was seated right away and the carts immediately came to my table. I tried the same dishes as Chang's which were shiu mai, har gow and rice noodle rolls with shrimp. I also tried the fried shrimp ball with fried sugar cane sticks  which I did not see on Chang's menu. The shiu mai was fresh and delicious, very comparable to places back home as was the har gow. The rice noodle rolls were equally tasty and slightly better than back home. We have a different version of the sugar cane shrimp roll back home that has a crab leg in place of the fried sugar cane stick. The shrimp used in this item had a great flavor and the texture to the shrimp ball was perfect. 5 stars and this is definitely going to be my regular dim sum spot!!!
WORDS THAT DO NOT GO TOGETHER 

Discount & Sushi 
Freelance & Gynecology 
Refurbished & Pacemaker 

And most recently... DIM SUM & ALL DAY 

As soon as I heard it was an all day dim sum place my spidey sense went berserk. I tried mentioning other options like Noodle Palace, KFC, or even cyanide...but I didn't want to be rude to the birthday girl so off we went. 

1st Impression: It's 2pm on a Friday...this is SO not the time to go for dim sum. 

2nd Impression: Overflowing trashcan as soon as you walk in. ***getting nauseous*** 

3rd Impression: The smell of rancid oil. ***Mental note not to eat anything fried and getting more nauseous*** 

4th Impression: I bit down into a COLD piece of siu mai. ***Thinking happy thoughts to hold back chunks***

5th Impression: 'Why aren't we leaving?', I think to myself as we proceed to order MORE food. 

6th Impression: 1/2 the food that we order is cold and we are forced to ask the cart lady to get us hotter trays from the bottom of the cart ***Thinking about where I can locate and Epipen and wondering why we're still there*** 


In summary: This is one of the nastiest dim sum places I have EVER encountered. As I predicted, all day dim sum means a lot of their stuff is frozen and machine made (e.g. har gao, char siu bao, etc.). If you have no idea what good dim sum tastes like, don't like yourself very much, or are in a state where euthanasia is illegal then come on in. Otherwise, avoid like the plague.
this place isnt bad but its not really good either. (food wise)

They have dim sum all day, and the prices are cheap so that is good.

But i won't come here again. Straight up.
This is one of the best Dim Sum Houses in Vegas. Usually very busy and in fact I have walked out on occasion because I don't like to wait in their long lines of hungry guests for a table. If you can hit it right and don't have to wait to sit down, you will have great dim sum at a very reasonable price.
This is one of our two dim sum restaurant of choice in Las Vegas.  The price is inexpensive for dim sum, and conveniently located for students attending classes at CSN's Cheyenne and Charleston campuses.

We usually only go to dim sum between 11am-1pm, so have not encountered issues with dim sum being cold. The food we typically order are usually served hot or warm, unless it is supposed to be served cold.

The variety of selection is comparable to most other dim sum restaurants.  The quality is average, nothing that blows away your expectations, and is a good value for the menu pricing.

Is it the best quality dim sum available in Las Vegas?  No.
Is it good dim sum for the price?  Absolutely!
I lunched here last week with a coworker that suggested it. I found the dishes to be delicious and tasty. We had a bit of everything, har gow, shu mai, fried shrimp balls, chicken feet, pork buns, etc. I can't say that I disliked any of it. I will admit the chicken feet were a bit weird, it was my first time trying them. The sauce they were cooked in was very flavorful, it was just the texture of the feet that I found hard to get past. Three of us ate to our heart's content (and then some) for around $40. I'm so happy I found this place!!!
One of the best dim sum restaurants I've ever been to. The food was delicious. The dim sum that arrived on carts were still warm and & prepared fresh. I would recommend the calamari, it wasn't too crunchy which I liked.  

The servers were more polite than usual for a chinese dim sum restaurant and every time we asked for a certain item not on that person's cart they would try to grab the attention of the person pushing the cart with the food we wanted. 

The only negative was that their bathrooms weren't so great. Not too clean, toilet paper on the floor and such.
Dim sum is the best hangover cure, and nothing screams Vegas like all day dim sum.

Orchids Garden serves dim sum from 10:30 AM until 10:30 PM, every day.

Called for lunch reservations at a friend's recommendation, then took a taxi over. Didn't wait long for our table. The Saturday we were there, the main dining room was chock full of families, locals, and those who probably taxied over. (Yes, all good eats are off Strip.) Orchids Garden is ready for crowds: they have a large parking lot and a second high-capacity dining room purposed for lunch, dinner, and banquets.

We feasted on chicken feet, delicious green peppers with shrimp, tender tripe, tasty siu mai, pork buns, flour rice sheets, and fried shrimp balls wrapped about sugar canes - my favorite of the morning. Plates were strewn about, chopsticks flew. Servers constantly came by to clear our dishes and to ask if we wanted more food which was always appreciated. Drinks-wise, we skipped alcohol and sipped chrysanthemum and jasmine tea.

The bill was reasonable, especially split amongst friends. I'll be back!
Lived here for years and discovered this place, when I had just a horrible experience at my previous dim sum place. EXCELLENT selection, attentive service and fantastic value! You can come in for a quick nosh or stay for hours, and the staff treats you very well. I have been there about 5 times so far, and it hasnt changed. Virtually never a wait for seating (unlike Cathay House and the others). 

They always have a nice selection of carts with both the usual (shu mai, siopao, shrimp balls) and unusual items of interest (tripe, chicken feet). As in all Dim Sum eateries, be prepared to wait if you have a favorite. Otherwise, just pickup your ticket and go searching. This is actually ok behaviour there and will quicken your time waiting.
It's not five star, but really it's not their fault they're in Las Vegas and not Chinatown San Francisco. 

And that's what I compare it to. Anyways, my favorite dishes are Shrimp noodle and Beef Noodle, because that ponzuesque sauce is to die for! Also the BBQ Pork buns, whether you go sweet or not are amazing.

I routinely come here and eat far more than I need to. The only draw back is that not enough people come here so the carts aren't always popping out fresh stuff, so things can become luke warm. But the food is still amazing.

The best Dim Sum in Las Vegas bar none!
I am going to give this dim sum place 5 stars.

1. For having everything I'm looking for when I go to a dim sum restaurant
2. For not having to wait an hour or two for dim sum.  I have NEVER waited to be seated at this joint.
3. For impeccable service.  Nice waiting service.  They're fast, they don't force you to buy, and they come to you immediately if you call for them.
4. All the food is good and still warm.  I can't say its the best dim sum tasting food I have but it does the job, and some of the dim sum is really good.
5. I give this place 5 stars...because of their baked egg custard buns.  They're so yummy!

On top of my five reasons, they have a wider variety than I've seen.  Not sure if they have the porridge I want though.  Have to go back and check.

Try the baked egg custard buns.  They're to die for.  My cousin and I share like 7 plates of these.  =D!  Yum!
Pretty good dim sum place just a little off the strip.  Large enough room that we didn't have any problem seating around 10 people pretty quickly.  Food came quick too and there is plenty or various dishes to choose from.  I highly recommend the crispy fried calamari, which has the legs... i love the legs!  I very much enjoyed everything I tried here.  Will definitely like to come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Dim Sum all day with a huge variety !
Wanted to check this place out because it has Peking Duck.  You can order Roast Duck 1/2 or Full, but the Peking Duck has to be a full.  We decided to do the Dim Sum because the carts were coming by as fast as Nascar laps. 
My favorites were: Shrimp ball in eggplant & Rice Noodle with Beef (ask for xtra sauce on side from this dish for some of the other plates that only serve a mayo sauce) 
All the others seemed pretty standard or too greasy.  This place is excellent for groups  & kids,  and they have flat screens to watch football.  It's not the best dim sim, however, service is quick and there is ample parking in the front & rear.
We try this place like couple we ago. It ok!! 

Since we had bad experience in Chang's Hong Kong Cruises LV. We drive around and hope to find a dim sum place for lunch... We Stop by a Chinese place and ask someone for information. He recommend Orchids Garden, so we give it a try..... It was about 1pm and the place was pretty full of people but we still got a table with no wait... Most worker are women, the only thing was I can't really tell who's waitress, who's the lady pushing the cart...cos they all pretty much look like work with everything.... 

We were so hungry and need to meet someone in an hour include 15 to 20 mins driving time, so we just want to eat and go.... Well, there dim sum was ok, a little better then Chang's... but it also cold... and the Har Gaw (steam shrimp dumpling) had hard skin, so as the Fun Gou (other white skin steam dumpling). What's up with these place... can't keep up the temperature.... Even you have good food, the temperature is most importance too. Yes is hard to keep dim sum on the right temp, but you still have to find a way to deal with it. "Esply when a place SERVE DIM SUM FOR ALL DAY."  

Anyway, we still like to go back and try again. Next time if the food is cold,... oh ya I'll talk to them about that problem...
This place is great. Me and my roomates come here once in a while to get that "itis" and have not been disappointed yet. One of my favorite items is a sweet bread roll thats an orange color, and also has an orange filling and topped of with it as well. I cant remember what its actually called but I have dubbed this item simply "Christmas" because thats what it taste like, a delicious Christmas morning.
This place used to be good...we've been going for a few years. We overlooked that it was dirty because the food was cheap and good. We're Chinese and sadly expect a lot of good Chinese food places to be on the dirty side. Over the past 6 months, we've had really bad food experiences.We kept going back hoping it was going to get better again or maybe the last time was a bad fluke. After 5 more of these bad experiences, we knew we won't be going back even though it was the only place we knew that had 24hr dim sum. The service is typical rude Chinese, and I'm Chinese. Sometimes the dim sum is spoiled tasting. Recently they kept raised the prices of the dim sum and they will stamp a higher priced letter than what is listed on the menu. We never complained when we first saw them stamping higher priced dim sum items when it should have been the lowest priced item because we didn't want to be the "complainers". It's also a totally different price than what they advertise on the sign outside.  Thank goodness my mom knows her math, cuz I just pay a bill when I get it. Well they over charged us by $35 recently and had the nerve to argue with us about it. When we forced them to re-add, they never apologized or admitted to any wrong doing. They corrected the amount, put it on the table and walked away. We definitely will never return and suggest that the people who do go, keep a watchful eye on the dim sum stamp as well as add up your own bill. And if it tastes wierd, it's probably spoiled because they have all day dim sum and the crap may have been sitting out all day.
The hustle and bustle on a weekday afternoon didn't surprise me considering good Chinese food is hard to find here! But this place seems to be where the local older Chinese people come to.

The best dim sum, hands down I've had, was in Vancouver, Canada . But I digress.


This place overall is probably one of the best in town. It's clean (I give high marks for this-nothing kills an appetite like a dirty joint), the selection is varied, and some dishes like the bok choy are delicious.

I would definitely recommend coming here to try it out for yourself.
Came twice.

First was we saw it and we were hungry driving by and 2nd time we brought my inlaws. 

It's no LA, dim sum but I appreciate that they had dimsum through the day as we night people have to wake up "early" to make it to a dimsum cutoff. It was decent both times, though limited...but I would expect so for serving all day. 

We had a few entrees and all we got were very good and where I rate them higher for than the dimsum in terms of taste. I liked that they did a ginger scallion chicken here, but it was crispy chicken instead of steamed...just a different take on a favorite is sometimes nice. Grandma really liked her mongolian beef and it was good- soft meat and not too spicy. Mom in law got lo mein and was happy with it. Got also shrimp walnuts and they were big and fresh. 

Overall, not a bad place. Service was decent too and at least I can get a few dimsum dumplings during dinner time. Still- I'm holding my breath on if I'll ever find a place that has amazing dimsum like home.
The venue is huge, but the dim sum sucks! 

It's supposed to be dim sum all day long, BUT the secret to their success is to warm up the food sitting in the carts all day long.. in the microwave.

It is so apparent & obvious by the texture of the food, taste and smell.  However, I was dismayed to learn that when you actually order from the menu....it's not that bad. They do have really good egg fu yung, so an extra star for the item ordered off the menu.
Our uncle brought us to Orchids.  This place has a very good variety of dim sum.  You don't have wait forever like some of the other places for the carts to come around.  For Vegas, it's pretty good!  Will be back soon!
This is definitely the place to get your dim sum on in Sin City.  Took my old school parents here and they loved the place.  Ate here late on a Monday afternoon and it was plenty crowded with folks chomping down on dim sum.  The prices are pretty cheap compared to SJ.

Really enjoyed the chicken feet and XO noodles!  The place is huge and there was no waiting.  The service was pretty good.  This place is not the Bellagio, but it is priced accordingly also :)
So, as we walk into Orchids Gardens, my friend tells me that this particular location has been shut down several times by the health department, and then has re-branded itself several times.  My response?  Well they must have their act together now.

We were sat promptly in the vast room at a large round table.  A server came by immediately and offered us drinks and then we were bombarded by a line of waitresses sling all kinds of food items of a plastic encased rolling gueridon.  A lot of times, we couldn't understand what they were selling, but we tried it anyway, cause we were feeling adventurous.  

One overwhelming factor in my poor experience was the temperature of the food.  Out of the ten items we received, one was hot, three were luke warm, and six were cold.  The flavors and textures were decent, but it was pretty hard to get past the temperature issue.   

Maybe i'll com back and try ordering off the menu, but for now, thumbs down.
Dim sum in Vegas is so hit or miss. And lately it's been misses. To me, there are only two competing Dim Sum houses. Cathay House and Orchids Garden. Here is my criteria for a good Dim Sum joint . TEMPERATURE = Freshness. Taste. Variety. Speed of service. 

Here's my tip:
You need a battle plan. The prime time to visit is 10:30 AM. This is when 90% of the time the food is hot. The crowd has yet to form. If you miss this time try your best to sit in the room in the east (left room from entrance). This is where the carts come out and you're most likely to get the hottest items. When you can't get the carts to come in time, grab your waiter and tell them what you want. Be active it's a war zone!
Packed parking lot, but the place was so big we didn't have to wait. 

Friendly service for a Dim Sum place.  

Excellent variety. Voted best Dim Sum in LV in '09. I've tried a few, and this will be my new go-to place.

Pineapple bun here is the BEST. Like a soft cripsy cream donut.
Service: Good to Ok 
Food: Good 
Restaurant: Good, Accommodates Large Groups 
Return Visits: Yes, every week! 
Favorites: Pork Shiu Mai, Chicken Feet, Sweet Yellow Bun, Shrimp Noodle, Chinese Broccoli, Fried Dumpling, Chow Fun and other things that we just point at because when we asked what they are, they say something we can't pronounce :) 

We are here every Sunday because food is really good! Yes, sometimes the service is slow and sometimes the item that we want isn't "ready" yet but we are always happy when we come here. We're here so often that most of the cart ladies know who we are and know what we like! We take out-of-towners to Orchids Garden and it's  always a requested trip when they return!

And for those that know the typical "cleanliness" of a Restroom in a Chinese restaurant... Well, they actually renovated theirs, so, you can't smell it from the seating area-- like most, so you're not likely to be squeamish and it's also really pretty in there!
One thing you don't have to wait for is seating and service. Orchids Garden has a ton of seating and they seem to have just as many carts filled with Dim Sum.
A friend of mine recently recommended I try the Dim Sum at Orchids Gardens being I'm a huge fan, and today was the day. Now, let me start by mentioning I'm a huge advocate for Ping Pang Pong inside the Gold Coast. Past the cheesy name and the location I think it serves up some serious Dim Sum. 

Orchids Garden however, was basically Ping Pang without any cons. The Dim Sum was supurb. It was a constant stream of different dishes being sent out every five minutes. Everything I recognized from the shrimp dumplings, BBQ pork buns, and Coconut Pastries to Fried Calamari, Clams & Mussels, and even Fried Shrimp covered in noodles. 

Every single dish was equal or above the quality Ive experienced at Ping Pang, or Cathay House, making Orchids numuro UNO on my list of must try Dim Sum. I cannot wait till next Tuesday for more Dim Sum @ OG's :)
I just got home not to long ago from going to Orchids Garden first time with one of my girls. We had chicken feet, taro, noodles, different shrimps like Shrimp paste in eggplant and dim sim blanket , and much more. I didn't know what to expect especially when she said that she was gonna order some chicken feet for me to try. It was actually pretty good. It was DIM SUM, of course since it says DIM SUM all day. Everything that she ordered, I tried and they were pretty good. The only thing that I didn't care for was the Inside of the taro. I must say that if I had to pick my favorites, they would have to be the chicken feet and mango pudding. We are already making plans to go again very soon. YAY!!
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star. Its like a restaurant has to try to get a 1 star review from me.

I came here around 12:15 waiting for my the others in my party. When they arrived, it was around 1pm. We got seated, and I swear someone released a stink bomb in the room or something, the entire place turned into a ghost town.

@ Calamari - I ate it. it was cold. Was I in a sushi restaurant, not a dim sum restaurant? Nope. Just horrible.

@ Shrimp Dumplings - One of the orders, the skin fell apart. The other the shrimp was all mushy, as if it has been nuked in the microwave. 

@ Pork Dumplings - Cold and mushy. Same texture as the shrimp dumplings. 

@ Sesame Balls - Oily, cold, goopy item. Once this gets cold, it just gross.

@ Jook - They ran out by 1PM. Blah.

There were more items, but I guess they weren't good enough for me to remember the dishes. 

Some of you may be saying, show up earlier or go during prime time dim sum time. Yup, I'm fully aware of that. But what kind of establishment goes from good to suckage for the changeover to regular lunch? If a restaurant lets me order it, I can review it as is. This just shows poor quality control on their part, willing to sacrifice their name to earn a couple of bucks for disappointing dim sum. Either keep up the quality or don't serve dim sum after a certain time.

I'll be willing to give this place another chance and I'll come during prime time, but I can't see the score improving that much. Until then, stay out of this place after 1pm.
OMG... My friend and I went to Orchid's Garden once again... And I am just getting home now. OMG.. I love going there. The last time we went, she wasn't sure if I would like it.. I loved it and I loved it again today. The last time our bill came out to like $23... today we spent $45 for the two of us.... We ate sooooooooooooooo much that it felt like we needed to be rolled out of the restaurant..kinda like Violet in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (the original version)....LOL...  We were soooooo stuffed from eating the garlic flavored oysters, chicken feet  (she took one piece and I ate the rest), STICKY RICE... (It was fantastic), noodles, Shrimp paste in egglant, some kind of shrimp that had flavor coating... THAT was good. I forgot the name, but they looked like stuffed mushrooms, and much much more.. Let's just say we just about covered the entire table of food... lots of DIM SUM, and my favorite dessert - MANGO PUDDING... I normally don't each much, but today I was hungry - sooooo hungry that I could probably have eaten everything with a given amount to of time by my self. She was starving too!!! We plan on going once again. We even discussed maybe once every payday!!!
Orchids rates a solid 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 4 just because I thought it was slightly better than A-ok.  

They open for 10:30 and we got there at 10:25.  It was awesome to be one of the first inside.  The dining room is quite large and it filled up quickly.  

Selections came out in abundance and we were able to grab everything we were craving.  All the usual suspects were involved (shu mai, har gow, fried meat dumpling, sticky rice, pork buns, etc.), but the best thing was the price.  We ate a TON and left with a $44 bill which included the tip.  Not too shabby for a party of 4.  

Love this place and would definitely go back again next time I'm in town and feel like dining off the strip.
We went on a Sunday afternoon (around 1 PM) and the left side of the restaurant was packed; I don't think the right side was open.  Despite the number of people, we did not have to wait to be seated at all.

It has been YEARS since I've had dim sum in an actual dim sum restaurant so I was excited.  It was my companion's first time (ever) to a dim sum restaurant, and I think he liked it.

I gave 3 stars because there were a lot of carts and a lot of different items to choose from, but not very many just meat or just veggie options.  We were seated quickly and our water and hot tea were brought at promptly as was our plain steamed rice (for my semi-picky 2-year old)  Also, a lot of what we ordered was a little greasier than I expected it to be.  I don't know the exact names for the items but I'll try my best to describe them.

CHOW FUN: I think that is what the lady called it.  I'm used to chow fun being flat noodles cut finger-width and quickly sauteed with some meat and veggies and soy sauce.  This chow fun was kind of like one big sheet of rice noodle rolled up, then sliced into 1-inch logs and cooked in oil, soy sauce and chili.  Whatever it was, I liked it and would definitely order again.

FRIED CALAMARI: Crispy, chewy, crunchy with a little spice (from a small amount of diced jalapeno).  It was alright.  I've had better and I've had worse.  My daughter had fun eating this one.

PORK BUNS: We had two kinds. One steamed and I think the other was baked with honey on top.  Both had a sweet red pork filling.  I liked the steamed version while my companion preferred the softer, sweeter, baked version.

TURNIP CAKE:  Kinda mushy, warm and Turnip-y.  It was how I remembered turnip cake to be (only back home they would fry it to order in front of you).  My companion did not care for it, but it reminded me of home.  I guess its an acquired taste, or a textural preference.

EGGPLANT WITH SHRIMP PASTE:  I don't know if this is steamed or fried.  The shrimp part was alright; the eggplant was a little greasy and under-seasoned.  The server added a little mystery sauce (soy reduction or oyster sauce...I don't know) but that didn't really help.

PORK SHUMAI: tasted like shu-mai? Kind of like the calamari: I've had better and I've had worse.

CREAM  PUFF: that's what they called it.  It was a soft baked bun filled with a small amount of plain whipped butter and topped with shredded coconut.  We were disappointed.  It was alright, but not what we were expecting.

EGG TART: simple egg  custard baked in a puff pastry shell.  My personal favorite... a little skimpy on the filling, but I didn't  mind.

SESAME BALL:  it was just ok.  Crispy on the outside and semi-sweet on the inside.  The rice paste came out a little mushy/pasty instead of chewy.

The table next to us had some fried chicken wings but none of the carts we saw had them.  I did see some chicken feet pass by, though.

I'd come back again...but I'd probably ask to see a menu, too...Just in case.
We got into Vegas very early and so we decided to get some dim sum for breakfast. Though this place is a bit further away from the Strip, it was worth it!! 

This place was packed, plus a lot of customers were Chinese. Which to me means one thing, this place doesn't suck. We sat down, and instantly the carts were roaming around our table. There were a great variety of dim sum and it was pretty good. We also had great service. Our tea pot was always full and our water cups were never empty. 

Overall, I would definitely come back for dim sum. The food was good, service was great, and price was affordable. 

P.S. - I went to Ping Pang Pong a few days later, and that place sucked balls (service and food is horrible). That place can not be comparable to Orchids Garden. Orchids is 10 times better IMO.
In the mood for dim sum in Vegas? This is the place to go. A very friendly staff and plenty of food to go around. It's not exactly on the strip but not very far from it. Fried shrimp, dumplings of all kinds, seaweed salad, sticky rice, the list goes on and on. A couple friends i was with got general tso's chicken and another chicken dish on the side, both looked great. I would go back for sure!
love this place.  we went at night once but it wasn't as fresh as coming during the day..

if I could name favorites I would, so I gotta start taking pics and posting them instead.

it's a pretty big place that can get really busy.. but their definitely on top
of coming around and making sure your taken care of.  they are very friendly and accommodating and will take an order of dim sum for you If you for some reason missed it when it came around.

even though it gets really busy, it's big enough your not sitting on top of patrons next to you.  the wait is never more than 10 minutes...  and all the waiters and waitresses are super friendly.  

I am very satisfied with the service here.
it's my favorite dim sum place in vegas so far!
The great thing about dim sum is instant gratification. They walk around showing you their various appetizers, you see a dish that you like and you order it. No waiting, no guessing. This is a great place for dimsum. They have a wide variety of dishes to choose from and their food quality has always been consistent. I have been going here for years. Overall experience is excellent and service is friendly considering that you have to use sign and body language to communicate with them. If you want a quiet &romantic meal though I would recommend that you pick a different place.
My friend, her son, and I went once again today and loved all the food. For some reason, the food was better today than it was the last two times.. And bigger. The shrimp was bigger. The eggplant was bigger and tastier. We had two orders of chicken feet, steamed sticky rice, and much much more. I am definitely going again.
BF and I got shafted trying to go to Ethiopian today and went completely opposite for a hankering of dimsum delights.

Our dishes-

Har Gao- good, but small compared to other dimsum places.
Shu Mai- decent and was juicy,
Guk Char Siu Bao-  BBQ pork bun in sweet bun instead of white fluffy buns. These were were good, nice chewy, sweet buns and the pork was nicely seasoned
Har Cheung Fun- fresh shrimp in large roll noodles with sweet soy. These were good, but the soy needed to be a tad more sweet and light....I think they might have not put the right sauce since that tasted more like seasoning soy.
Yeung Qi Dze-  eggplant stuffed with shrimp paste served with a black bean sauce. It was okay, I don't know if I like it like that since there isn't much taste to the eggplant aside from the sauce outside. I like cooking eggplant in sauce better- it then takes the flavor...Better yet, get a eggplant hot pot- delish! 
Pai gwat- pork spareribs. One of my favorite dimsum dishes...theirs was good, soft meat with a little fat and yummy black beans. 
Fried Shrimp Balls- I dunno the Chinese name of this, but it''s fried crispy outside, shrimp inside and mayo for dipping...whats not to like? 
Sin Chet Kuen- bean curd rolls with pork,mushroom and bamboo shoot inside and braised in a light sauce. These are one of my favorites as a kid....haven't had in a while and it brought me back.
Dan Tat- egg custard pastry cups. Not bad, but not the best I've had. Needed more egg to pastry ratio I think, but the pastry was quite nice and flaky. 
Mang gwo bu ding- pretty good mango pudding. It's a nice touch they put milk on top of it...this is how I eat it at home, but most places do not put milk on it.

Yes, there was only me and the BF. Today we were fatties and had a dim sum feast. I haven't done this in all the time I've lived in Vegas (3 years) so it was quite nice to do on a occasion...it was a monthly tradition growing up in LA. 

The plus here is the service. Even though the carts are limited they keep them coming. Seriously, you are bombarded,in a friendly manner, with carts declaring their offerings every few minutes. If you are looking for something on the dimsum list that isn't on the carts, don't be afraid to ask as they are friendly here and will gladly get it for you if it's available. A server also comes around and checks on everyone often and was on our drink refills. This is absolutely refreshing after some rude treatment and being ignored at Changs (see my review).

Funny that this place runs all day and has just about as much dimsum selection as Changs as well. Limited, but in this situation it's acceptable for an all day dimsum to have just more of the popular dishes and not the "imperial" selections. Just a note, but lunch/regular dim sum time is cheaper until 3 pm, and the prices for dimsum go up after that. Still, it is still reasonable prices for late night dimsum 3-10pm. I have yet to come before 3 during lunch, but I imagine there will be more selection with a busier clientele at that time. 

I have not tried Ping Pang Pongs...but I think this is the preferred spot for dim sum so far and might be the better of the places simply because we night folk can come have it anytime. Look, it's nothing like anything in LA, but it's good enough. If I keep comparing it then I set myself up for a bad day....it's like comparing a Honda Civic, good and reliable to a delicious, polished Audi S6. It's just on a different level.
My husband and I ALWAYS have dim sum here when we are in Vegas. Great prices. Good food. Fast cart rotation. My favorite part of dim sum is the calamari, seaweed sushi roll with delicious sweet and sour and lastly thier tiny little fruit tart cups. But the fruit tarts are only served on Sat/Sun. I was very much disappointed when I went there on a Monday for dim sum and they didnt have them.
Known for its Dim Sum, this place is always pretty busy. You can tell from the parking lot and the crowd-filled lobby. We hadn't been here in a long while. Seems to have caught on with many other people, as the clientelle today was a huge mix of people: Asians of all types, Hawaiians, and Caucasians. Don't even come here on a holiday weekend as you will wait for about 30-45 minutes (we did that once- we won't make that mistake again).

It's still yummy! We had the chinese broccoli (steamed just right), sio mai, shrimp balls (mmm, another favorite), shrimp on the sugar cane (one of my hubby's favorites), pork buns (another hubby's favorite), egg tarts (one of my favorites, but then I saw the sesame balls... darn), and rice cakes (love this!). I had the hot tea (good stuff, so fragrant) while he had water. We didn't finish everything- we had leftovers. Less than $26.00 plus tip. Maybe next time we won't wait so long, to come again.  (BTW, there's way more other dishes (noodles, chicken feet, tripe, rice, wide noodles with shrimp, soup, etc.) that they have- the ones that we get, just happens to be our favorites.) 

The service is very good. We were seated right away, maybe because were just a party of two. The server brought us drinks right away (and refills too). Although, very busy, the servers are pretty quick, pushing the heavy food-filled carts to every table in the restaurant. Some of them speak english, some do not. If you're not clear (repeat yourself) you might get another dish by mistake. They stamp your card accordingly after you make your selections. When you have empty plates or containers on your table, someone comes over and grabs them. 

There are two sections to the restaurant. A bathroom is located in the lobby. There are TVs all around, but because there are so many diners, you only just see the screens and can't hear them. But that's ok, because you're in the company of good eats! 

This place has been around for years; the name might have changed a few times, but the food is still top notch. Definitely still The place for Dim Sum. I'm getting the sesame balls next time instead of the egg tarts.
Nice place for quality and reasonably priced dimsum.  Restaurant  is older, but has a comfortable, large dining room.
This is good dim sum, good variety but I think a little more expensive than Chang's.  They have 2 different kinds of egg custard tarts YUM!
I love Orchids. The only other dim sum place I've been to in Las Vegas was Ping Pang Pong.. and they were pretty good but expensive.

Anyway, went on a Friday afternoon for lunch. It was about 1pm and it was actually quite empty. We got seated, and right away, the ladies are coming around with their carts full of delicious dim sum. I have the hardest time ordering stuff here because in Hawaii, we call everything by a different name! Its so confusing! haha.

We ordered:
Chicken Char-siu Bao (manapua!) - I thought it was good, they are mini and the filling wasn't char-siu but it was some sort of chicken. 
Shrimp Half moon - I really don't know what the chinese name of this is, but in Hawaii we call it half moon. 
Pork Hash - They were small but I thought they were kind of oily.. but good!
Shrimp Rolls: I call it look fun back home, but none of the ladies knew what the eff we were talking about. It is the shrimps wrapped with a sheet of rice paper with shoyu type sauce poured all over it. This is my favorite thing to order. 
Eggplant w/Shrimp Paste: This was kind of cold by the time we got it, but it was ok. I ordered the bellpepper stuffed with this paste previously.. but I like the eggplant one better.

The service is quick. If it is not too busy, the ladies will come up to you every single time they come around.. even if you said you didn't want what was on their cart. We had to ask a few times for the shrimp rolls in the flat rice noodle, after about the 3rd time asking, the lady went to find that cart and brought the dish to us. 

After about 6 plates, out bill was under $20. I've been wanting to try some other dim sum places.. but I like Orchids because its a big space and the dim sum is pretty good.
Surprisingly quick service and short wait time for a table of 12 even at 1pm on a Sunday.  Lots of variety of dim sum to choose from.  Good thing food is right in front of you and ready to eat because I was HUNGRY.  The ladies that work the carts of food around the restaurant are friendly and helpful, even though they are persistent in trying to get you to buy more.  I usually eat dim sum in Westminster at Seafood Cove (previously Dragon Phoenix).  This place's dim sum was better, in my opinion.  Not as salty and leaving you parched for lots of water as Seafood Cove.  All in all, a great place to eat with family while in Vegas.  We order a lot of dishes and were completely stuffed. The bill was $160 before tax and tip.
For LV, this place sure knows how to make good dim sum.  I've only been here once, and it was just as good (possibly even better) than Seafood Paradise in Westminster.  After a night of clubbing and drinking this really hit the spot.

1.  The place looks ok, I think they can fix it up a little, but it's not gross or anything.  Regular cloths, uncomfortable chairs, not too roomy to walk around.  It's not too bad, but definitely not a first date location.

2.  The service is pretty good.  They were attentative, fast, and courteous.  They brought us the dishes quickly and were eager to serve.  The water refills came every so often, and they brought us rice as well.

3.  The food was so fresh and delicious.  I don't know if it was because it was so fresh and I was hung over or if it is just the cooks there, but the food was PERFECT.  It was a perfect brunch for 12 of us.  We literally cleaned out all of their carts and the restaurant had to wait about 10 mins for more dim sum.  And once that came out, we did some damage to that too.  The total bill for us was $12.50 per person, and that's including tax and tip.  Seriously!  That cheap to feed all of us with delicious Chinese Brunch?  Win!!

This is definitely a great dim sum place for Vegas.  I'll hit this place up again for sure when I'm in the mood for something off the strip.
Where did the shumai go?!?! It shrank at Orchids, that's for sure. I don't know if its fair to compare this place to any Dim Sum spots that I've been to in a Chinatown in SF or LA. But I've tasted better, and I will. Honestly, the Dim Sum wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. I walked in and it definitely looked and smelled like the usual Chinese restaurant but the food definitely didn't taste like one. The breaded shrimp balls were of usual size but it came with only two pieces. I don't think I've ever been to a Dim Sum spot where they only serve you two pieces of anything, its usually 4. This has to be bad Feng Shui. Like I brought up earlier, they were also serving the smallest shumai that I've EVER seen. The pork buns were delicious due to the fluffy white bread with glaze on top, but there was hardly any pork, they should just call it BUN! I know we are in a recession, but geez, don't make it so obvious! 

Its a bit far from the strip and the prices are decent. With the size of their dishes it better be affordable. This is the only Dim Sum place that I've tried in LV and I know all the other ones are a bit more pricey, so this may be a good spot for locals but not if you've been to any Chinatown before. I would only comeback if friends decide to comeback, otherwise I would pass.

The only positive is that we were able to sit 24 people instantly. Which is A-OK in my book!
"DO YOU WANT TO TRY THE CARL?"

Uhhh is that the only thing you have here at Orchids Garden?

After an entire weekend of debauchery, eating the greatest foods, a saturday night partying in XS, I expected so much more from a highly yelped place.

Dim Sum all day:
I don't understand this concept because i cannot fathom what happens right when we leave, more dimsum will either magically appear or you will close for a couple hours and reopen again for the hung-over and hung-ry.

Like my friend Jeff C. said last night, "Shumai was like honey i shrunk the kids" Because it was so little i questioned if i was really eating it or it was another Las Vegas desert mirage.

I've had bad dimsum before in San Diego, but man, it feels like, this is the absolute worst I have had. Its not that it was disgusting, but the whole idea of the little carts coming around and you choosing from a plethora of dim sum options was non existent and I was left sorely disapppointed. 

The only think i had here was a potential to meet some people that i apparently danced the night away with... If i could remember them.

Unlike a night of partying with some major cuties, Orchids Garden left me with the smallest figment of resonating memories.

And why does everyone who works here look strange... and not speak a lick of engrish.

And no, I do not want to try the Carl. You have offered it 8 times.

Sooty L., Did we go to the same place because the place you are describing, Jeff C. and I wish we went there instead.
Okay... I have only lived in Las Vegas for about 2 years now.  The only two places that I have had Dim Sum is at Cathay House (4x's) and Orchid Gardens (first time here).

Honestly, Cathay House has gotten a bit downhill.  So, after this experience, I kinda prefer this place now.  By the way, when I lived in London, we used to have Dim Sum with my clients every Sunday.  After a year of this, I don't frequent Dim Sum as much...lol..

Anyways, my aunt, uncle, and cousin invited me and the wife for a "free" lunch at Orchid Gardens.  Hey man, with a mortgage and expenses, the old saying, "if it is free, it is for me" truly applies.  Heck yeah, I accepted.  LOL...

We went on Sunday afternoon.  It was jammed pack.  We had to wait about 30 minutes.  When we got a table, it was difficult to maneuver through.  

Service -- Well, let's start with the good.  The cart comes around quite frequently.  And, the ladies are very nice.  By the way, they hardly speak a word of english.  I think they are either Vietnamese, Chinese, or a mix of other Asian ethnicity.  But, they are all sweet and polite.  As for getting water or drinks.... Good luck.  Sometimes, I often wish that I bring a big bright flashing red light to alert waiters or bus people to our station for water or any other needs.  Overall, I give this a 3.5 (due to the nice ladies)

Food -- okay, for the life of me, my wife loves chicken feet.  Why oh why?  It is basically bones and skin; but, she devours them.  For someone who weighs 85 pounds, I can understand why.  Personally, I like the Shumai, the pork rib bones, anything with shrimp stuffed in it, and sticky rice.  There are others; but, I don't know how to write it in english.  Overall, the food is very fresh and it is quite good.  By the way, I wish they had more vegetable dishes... i.e. chinese broccoli or bok choy.

After our meal, our tab for about 6 people was barely under $100.  Not bad. 

I would recommend this place.  Enjoy!
My family and I come here often because we miss the dim sum in Hawaii.  After wandering (for 2 years in Las Vegas), we finally decided to make our way into Orchids this year.  I am so glad that we did!  The dim sum is reasonably priced and the selection is abundant.  I would best compare it to Happy Day Chinese Restaurant on Waialae Ave in Honolulu.  FYI, Saturday lunches are always so busy!  Expect to wait a few minutes to be seated.

If you are looking for more "authentic" dim sum, then this isn't it, although they do have their fair share of dim sum from chicken feet in black bean sauce to steamed char siu bao.  My kids enjoy the shumai and the rice wrapped in lotus leaf the most.  But what they really go there for is the sweets!  Lotus bean jin dui (sesame balls filled with lotus or red bean) is ever so present there, just like in Hawaii (yay!).  And often, but not always, they have the cart going around serving you this sweet tofu dessert.  It's a freshly made silken tofu served hot in a sweet ginger-infused syrup.  I'm not sure what they call it in Chinese, but the cart ladies go around asking "sweet tofu?  sweet tofu?"  I know it's made there fresh, because the owner (I think she is one), always reminds us (she knows us that much) that a fresh one is being made ready in 5 minutes or so.

The one thing we would love to see happen is Orchids being open for morning breakfast/brunch.  In Hawaii, it is common to have dim sum for breakfast.  But here in Las Vegas, not so common.  Too bad.

The staff is friendly, as friendly as any Chinese restaurant staff could be...if you haven't been to a Chinese restaurant, don't expect too much in polite, unhurried style of service.  They don't speak English very well, but I would still recommend to stick it out and try it, or just go with someone who knows how and what to order.

If you're from Hawaii, you will probably run into a few local residents who used to live in Hawaii.  That's what I like about Orchids...feels like as if we were home again...
I haven't found another place like this in Vegas, so there really isn't any other place to compare it to.  It's a dim sum place that serves everything like you would find on the streets of Hong Kong.  These carts come around with steamed dim sum and you choose what you want, as much of it as you want.  They also have a regular menu for those who shy away from cart food or dim sum altogether.  I tried their menu and it's decent but isn't the best I've had.  Overall, great place for some good eats when you're on a time crunch and want some dumplings.  I like it, and it's very popular, but unfortunately I cannot say that I'm a fan nor is it as good as it gets.  

To be honest, I like the shumai at Noodle No. 9 in Caesar's Palace, but for any other type of dim sum this restaurant has it.  You want dim sum?  Try here.  It's fun dining!
We went there 2 weeks back and I already don't remember the food.
It was not horrible, but it wasn't amazing either.
I went to this place on a weekday to avoid the crowds. the food came out fast as the dim sum ladies are very good and hits everyone table. food choice was excellent. the fried shrimp dumpling was excellent as well as the haw gaw and si mui. the place is very nice and clean , large dining room and easy parking . excellen choice for out of towners
Dim Sum or lazy man's buffet?

Orchid Garden looks very impressive as you pull in to the parking lot.  When I saw the sign advertising Dim Sum all day, I was elated.  It was like a snow day on a day you didn't do you homework.

I was seated in the busy restaurant and ready to nosh!  Dining here when it is busy reminded me of the crowded China Town streets of Chicago more than the food did.  Waitresses are running up and down the aisled with carts full of various small bites (Dim Sum).  While I liked the variety, I was not blown away by any one dish.

The pork buns, fried calamari, and shrimp puff all had very similar flavors, as if they were seasoned using the same ingredients.  They weren't bad, but did not taste that fresh.  I was reminded of buffet food, which is usually fine but not spectacular.  

The regular menu here has some very interesting and authentic dishes.  (Sea Cucumber, various fungi, etc..)  The Dim Sum is really just like going to a Chinese buffet and not getting out of your seat when you want more.

To dine here without waiting very long, try coming at off times or during lunch on a weekday.  

It is decent Chinese food at fair prices, but the Dim Sum leaves a lot to be desired.
So I came here once before but it was never for the Dim Sum. I noticed that they have Dim Sum all day which is weird to me since most places here stop serving Dim Sum around 2 or 3pm. I've been to a couple places that are popular here in town, but most we tried never left a good impression by the end of our meal. The last time I ever had good Dim Sum was in Hawaii, which is where I am from. So finding a place here in Vegas which had decent Dim Sum was a chore in itself. 

My parents and I went out to have Dim Sum since it was their anniversary, and we decided to give Orchids a shot. We were surprised, the flavor was definitely not lacking and the prices where a bit higher than other places, but not too much-quite reasonable. The selection wasn't bad either, it wasn't on the more authentic side but it was enough for everyone to enjoy and feel satisfied. 

We went there on a Thursday around 3p and it was a little busy but not so busy to where you are waiting for a table, we were seated right away. I am glad that my parents were quite pleased, and I was too. We will be back!
Took a buddy here for lunch the other week.  I had never been here before and we were both starving.  Little did I know how ridiculously aggressive the dim sum servers were.  Do they work on commission or something?  Man.  We had 7 plates on our table within 3 minutes of sitting down because our eyes were bigger than our stomachs.  

The servers annoyed my friend to no end but I actually found it pretty comical.  All the usual suspects for dim sum here and all done well.  I'll definitely be back.
This morning it was Dim Sum Sunday at our house. Everyone was unanimous today. We like going first thing, as soon as it's open, we beat the Sunday crowds but sometimes the carts a little slow coming out. Today they were spot on! 

My husband and I don't understand what they are saying as they stop at the table, he just looks at what they are pointing to and he nods yea or nay. Since we have family in town it was a double yea on most offerings. 

My favorites are anything with shrimp, the sticky buns both steamed and baked, they usually have pork inside, love the eggplant, and today there was a dumpling with pork, chopped veggies and peanuts, it had a little spice to it as well, kinda reminded me of kung pow something. 

This place is always busy, good for two or for twenty. Very loud, vibrant atmosphere were there is lots of activity. The staff are attentive and ready to assist. For Dim Sum in Vegas, this place hits top of the list for me!
This morning decided to take my Mom from HI , and Brother visiting from San Antonio, tx to Orchids our favorite dim sum restaurant in LV. This might b a vague review , I'm sorry but most of the dim sum we ordered I have no idea what the nameswere, just point at what looks good and hope it's not offals.
           The char siu bao both steamed and baked very good , the fillings in both were perfect both flavor and texture. 
         They had alot of shrimp dishes , shrimp stuffed eggplant, tofu and in sheet noodles. We also had the shrimp ball on sugar cane.  The lotus leaf wrapped rice w/ pork was tasty . Mom loved the turnip cake I think that's what it was.. We had alot of other dim sum that were very good , in general everything tasted good . 
              Service was good, not as pushy as other yelpers experienced, carts came around quickly. We really enjoyed ourselves , i don't think u can go wrong here , we've been here maybe a dozen times and we still come back .
Overall I believe this restaurant has the best dim sum in the valley. They serve it all day every day, but the best time to go for the most freshly made dim sum is Saturday or Sunday at lunch time. That is when they are most busy for dim sum. So it'll be a bit of a wait, but this is when it'll taste the best. 

There are many restaurants in the valley that serve dim sum, but Orchids Garden (in my opinion) offers the widest variety of tasty dim sum dishes and the most authentic dim sum eating atmosphere.

Never be shy about asking the ladies pushing the food carts what they have. They may be hard to understand, but they WANT you to order stuff from them, so they will be glad to show you. Be brave and try things you normally wouldn't eat. You may be surprised by some new delicious flavors.
This is Las Vegas. So I have to tone down my perception of food quality in general.  And I've been to this restaurant 3 times in the past 24 months, at different time.

It served Dim Sum all day. But as expected, the dim sums after the rush hour, i.e. at night, was awful. During lunch hours when the foods were fresh, and abundant. The variety has been standard. Nothing too surprising. Lots of fried foods for American.

The price, as in all Las Vegas, was higher for what it's worth. For 2 people the last time we ate there, it's $30 for 10 items. Egg tarts are medium price (all places I've been to charged low price). The chow mien was a bit bland. The Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was very tender on the stalk.

So diners, it's good to have dim sum here during busy hour. For tourists, it's Las Vegas. Get used to it.
Not a bad place to get your Dim Sum fix.  Its certainly cheaper than places on the strip for the tourist...aka..me.  Having tried Changs as well, this place is a little better and a little more expensive than Changs but way cheaper than the wallet draining strip dim sum places. (Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian...etc)  

Arrived here on a weekday at around 11am and plentiful seats was to be found. By 1pm the restaurant was 3/4 full. I imagine being busier on the weekends.

 At least there was a selection of teas (Heurn Peen, Teet Goon Yum, Bo Lei...sorry for the ching-lish translation...lol) aka not the typical green tea,  tea bag in a kettle tea.

Ordered:
Har Gow - Shrimp dumplings - 3/5
Sui Mai - Pork Dumplings - 4/5 - Pretty good
Ha Cheung - Shrimp Rice Roll in Soy Sauce - 4/5
Dan Tat - Egg tart - 2/5 - small and custard was too firm/chalky taste
Chow Mein - 2/5 - Oily but tasty
Pei Dan Sow Yook Jook - 1000 year old egg, pork congee - 3/5
Jeen Dui - Sesame Glutinous Ball - 2/5 - wheres the filling?
Boa Loa Bow - Pineapple Bun - 4/5 - Yum!
Fong Jou - Chicken Feet - 4/5 - Tasty

And a veggie steamed roll ...name escapes me in both Chinese and 'engrish'...lol4/5.

Atmosphere was typical Chinese dim sum with a few yells here and there from the servers.  Don't usually recommend sitting by the kitchen anywhere else, but its a prime spot for dim sum restaurants as you get the first picks/selections and everything is steaming hot.

Total with tip was $35 for 2 people.

The selection was certainly there and could of tried much more...aka spring rolls, veggie dishes, stuffed green peppers, tofu dessert...etc but 10 dishes for 2 people was 'pant sized-up' enough...lol.

Certainly far from the best Ive tasted but passable to get your fix in.
I'd say even better than Cathay House and they are pretty good. Great variety of dim sum, good service, great hot and iced tea. Lots of Asians eat here, so you know it's good.
Love their dim sum!  And it's all day which is a rare find, anywhere..  Their shrimp in rice noodle is the best, but they didn't have it the last time I went in, which is why they don't get five stars..  Oh, and the customer service was great, the lady even gave us calendars to take home..
Went here with the family for lunch. The tea was excellent. Some of the cart pushers were a little too aggressive with their sales pitch.
The only reason I really go here is the fact that they have dim sum ALL DAY. I haven't found any other places in Las Vegas that do this [ if you know one, let me know =p]. 

It isn't the best dim sum I've had, but it satisfies me when I crave dim sum. Service ranges from bad to mediocre. One time, a lady was heading toward our table with the cart... but saw a bigger party seated two tables after us, told us to wait and skipped us to go to them, and then came back once she was finished at their table. It's also pretty hard to get them to refill whatever it is you're drinking.

They also don't clean underneath the tables once people are done eating. So if eating at a booth, be sure to NOT look under the table if you don't want to be disgusted. 

Prices are what you would find at any other dim sum restaurant.
Dim Sum at all hours and very friendly service.
I arrived late, past 9pm so i was getting the left over plates but can't complain. The waitress also hand made my moo-shu pork burritos and gave us Chinese calenders when we left.
Decent Dim Sum. Nothing special.  Cathay house is still my favorite.
Went for the first time a couple days ago.  My aunt lives in Vegas and recommended the place.  Overall the place was good, not the best dim sum ever, but pretty good.  Took a party of 7; half had never eaten this type of Chinese food, but they really liked it.

A couple really good things; 1) they serve dim sum all day not just morning/lunch time; you can get chow mein off the cart in individual sizes vs. having to order a huge plate.

Cart service was pretty quick and came by often, wait service was slow.

Paid $71 plus tip for 7 people.

When in Vegas again, I would definitely go back.
Yummy. Friendly service and tasty food.
Food: 4/5
Service: 3/5
Cleanliness: 4/5
Decor & Style: 3/5

The best part about this place is that you can eat Dim Sum anytime of the day! Overall good typical Dim Sum place with lots of space.
Good Dim Sum.  Be aware.  They come at you fast and furious with the plates right as you sit down---like Pirahna, only they have a veracity to feed you.  Many good choices.  A little heavy on the pork options.  Still very flavorful and hot. Great mango pudding/jello. So many things to sample and too small a belly.
Went for dim sum.  It was moderately busy, but the carts came around often.  The food was decent and the staff friendly.
I went here with a meetup group for Chinese New Year's Eve dinner, which is apparently the most important meal of the year. Our organizer went ahead and ordered for the two tables that we occupied. As a result, I don't know the names of the dishes we had, but it was a pretty good spread. There was fried whole fish, some sort of century egg stew, baby bok choy, fried chicken, pork in peking sauce (I think), walnut shrimp, a sampler plate containing things like jellyfish and tongue, and probably a couple more dishes. Everything was pretty good overall, but nothing was amazing. The Chinese people in our group had some gripes. For example, the baby bok choy was really regular bok choy. Also, one of the sizzling dishes originally came out on a regular plate. They then took it back and pretty much just re-served it on a sizzling plate. Finally, they didn't have the dessert that our group was hoping for. Instead, we just got a plate of oranges.

The restaurant is pretty large by Vegas standards. It seems to be in a weird and isolated location though. I'm not sure if I'd ever return, but I like the fact that they serve Dim Sum all day. That could be worth trying some day.
The dim sum here is decent, but it's the only dim sum we've gone to while in Vegas. The workers (cart pushers...ok that sounds bad...servers?) constantly push you to order what's on the carts. The cai lan (chinese broccoli) is already steamed and sitting in a cart with windows....I find that odd, but I love this dish so much I ordered 2.

The food is OK compared to other dim sum places I've been to. The place is pretty clean and very roomy. The service is quick and practical. The wait isn't long (about 5 minute wait) and our party of 10 ended up paying approximately $14 bucks per person! :) 

Great deal for all the Chinese food we ate. I would definitely come back again next time I'm in town and need something to fill up my hungover self. 

The new years candy (milky strawberry candy) is deeeeelish! Grab a handful as you depart the restaurant! I wouldn't know where to find it for the life of me.
we've been to vegas three or four times in the past year and this is the only restaurant we've gone back too every time. we love this place. dim sum is good and there's a good selection to choose from. we laugh every time because our table is full of food before we put our napkins in our lap. we always leave FULL and happy.
Dim sum here is better than the other dim sum houses I've been to in LV, and probably a bit more expensive too - but the service can be a bit hurried and difficult to get the specific dimsum dishes you want, especially because the restaurant is so busy. I love that I can get dim sum all day and that's why we'll keep coming back. 

Going right at opening, 10:30 on Saturday morning, was great so we could beat the rush and be seated right away. We also ordered a 1/2 duck which was pretty typical and good; the sweet ginger tofu dessert is really good here!
OMG ! go to this restaurant for Dim Sum. 
top notch quality. fresh, authentic and yummy. they are just west of Decatur Blvd. at South jones blvd. intersection. south east corner. you cant miss it. 
and the staff are really efficient and NICE with a sense of humor. meaning they smile. 
this is super good DIM SUM go and then thank me :)))
I've been here several times with family since I was a kid. The service is like many of the Chinese restaurants in Vegas. BAD! Which is fine, since I'm used to it by now, but my last experience here made me never want to come back.

I decided to come here one day craving Dim Sum. It was the closest location to my school so I decided to pay Orchid Garden a visit. I went in, glad to see there was no line, made I contact with at least 3 different people and had to wait 10 minutes before I was seated. I understand if it is not your job as a cart pusher to seat customers, but I'm sure you have the ability to sit me down at a table or at least notify the host to seat me.

Once I was seated, I wanted ordered my usual Har Gow, Siu Mai, Chow Fun, and Shrimp balls; however, after being served cold shrimp balls and Siu Mai, I couldn't eat any more of the food they were serving. The 5 waitresses running around the restaurant didn't ever have time to check and ask if "everything is okay" or if there's "anything I need.." So I helped myself and my girlfriend to the counter, asked for the check, left no tip and walked out.

I highly recommend eating at Cathay or Chang's for Dim Sum. They are alot friendlier and the food is much better.
Having grown up in San Francisco, I realize that our options for good Chinese food in Las Vegas are pretty limited. I'm happy with Orchids Garden. I enjoy the food here from shrimp options to the noodles. The service is decent here although I'll admit that the service is better when I go with my Chinese mother as opposed to my husband or friends. I love their ALL DAY dim sum which is totally unusual but perfect for my late-in-the-day dim sum cravings.
My new place for dim sum in Vegas. Everything seems to be well prepared and not too greasy. Would give only three stars, but the egg custard buns are simply amazing. I've never had better. So fluffy and perfectly soft and firm in all the right places. What was I talking about?
OMmmmmg try the baked BBQ pork buns. Please. It's worth it. I think they hired someone who previously worked at Krispy Kreme, got their donut dough recipe, and then shoved tasty pork inside. 

For the rest of it: 3 stars. It's a good place, probably the best in town. But if you know the real thing, Orchids Garden doesn't quite stand up to it.
For all the Hawaii residents:  This place has all the Manapua Truck grinds; fried noodles, pork-hash, fried taro, steamed and baked manapua, seasame seed balls (gindoi), and rice cake.  I  like that I can eat Dim-Sum anytime of the day.  The food is already prepared and the hustling service is quick, so you can satisfy your appetite in less than 30 minutes.
Considering that the valley isn't oversaturated with dim sum restaurants, the dim sum at Orchids Garden is pretty good. It's a pretty big restaurant and I think the quality of their dim sum slightly less than other places but that wouldn't deter me from coming here again. I'm guessing because they offer dim sum all day, quality might not be as good as places that offer it at a limited time. 

I usually don't experience a wait here and the carts come by my table pretty often which I like. The only time I waited, which wasn't too long, was when my fiance and I treated our mothers to a mother's day bunch. Not too shabby!  

The biggest plus is that Orchids offers more variety selection of desserts than other dim sum places. (ie not just mango pudding and egg tarts but fruit tart, tofu, mango pudding and some sort of fruit cup)
I am a big fan of dim sum.  The food here was great but the portions was a little small.  I am so use to the portions in the Bolsa area.  The dim sum was comparable to the food at the Seafood Palace in Westminster.  I recommend this place in Las Vegas for dim sum.  Again the portion was small but the quality is there.  I give this place a solid 4 Stars.  Good stuff !!! The coconut buns was so good.  The bread is soft and airy.  So hard to describe but so gooooood.
This was our breakfast before we headed back home after our mini vacation in SIn City. After reading good reviews about this place the BF and I decided to give it a try and sadly we were disappointed! 

First off they didn't open until 10:30, shouldn't dim sum be open at 8?! When they finally opened we got seated right away but service was VERY slow as there was only ONE CHART walking around to serve 12+ tables with families waiting for some dim sum. I don't know why it's so packed but it must be good right? .....WRONG!!! .....When the lady finally came up to us there wasn't a lot of selection to choose from and the usual items that we get back home weren't that good at all. The shu mai was okay I give them that but  the chicken feet was disgusting and everything else didn't taste fresh at all. 

Totally would not eat here again!
4-5 stars:
The place is clean, easily accessible off  Sahara (major street), and has a huge parking lot, so parking is not a problem. 

3 stars on food. 
Althought the food was good, it wasn't the best i have had. Maybe the biggest part of the reason is because the food were cold, well the ones meant to be served warm anyway.

My daughter (12 years old) and I went for dinner 2 nights ago. 
I spent about $40, on 7 different items from the carts and 2 ice teas.
i got:
-chinese broccoli with oyster sauce (nice serving)
-shu mai (4 pieces)
- shrimp dumpling (4 pieces)
- pork bun (2 pieces)
-shrimp ball (2 pieces)
-custard pastry of some sort that reminded me of mini custard pie.(2 pieces)
-shrimp cake on green pepper

I will probably have to try during the day maybe the food will be warmer next time =)
We usually hit up Ping Pang Pong for our dim sum fix, but unfortunately PPP is oniy open from 10am-3pm, and it was 7:30pm, and OG serves dim sum all day, so we headed here to get our dim sum on.

The taste and quality is pretty good, but not as good as PPP IMO...
I do like the fact that they have steamed rice cakes and Char siu bao (aka Manapua) that tastes pretty close to home.

Service is pretty good, and the carts come around fast enough without much of a wait...ALOHA!!!
Went here for dim sum on a Sunday afternoon. Got there at about 1:30, had to wait a little bit (15 mins) to get seated. It's not too bad of a wait because food comes right away once you are sat.  I like the variety of authentic dim sum here.  They seem to be pretty fresh and tasty.  We went there a little late so the congee was sold out.  :( Probably have to go back earlier some other time. Staff were friendly, especially the ladies pushing the carts. Price is reasonable, will definitely come back again.
Good food, though sometimes it is really hard to get good service at dim sum restaurants. I've learned that if you want a quick dim sum fix without having to wait for the food or deal with the usual service, I just go there and ask for take-out.
I came here with my boyfriend and his friend (and friend's wife). Being Chinese, from NJ, and having spent a good amount of time having dim sum in Chinatown, NY or in Queens, I thought it was pretty good. We had a lot of the familiar dishes -- ha gow , loh bok goh, cha siu bao, siu mai (steamed shrimp dumplings, turnip cake, steamed pork buns, pork dumplings respectively)-- as well as others that I didn't know (and unfortunately, I don't remember what they were). I thought they were decent.

We also had dau fu fa (it's basically tofu with sweet syrup) except that I never had it the way this place served it: hot and with ginger-flavored syrup. Maybe it's not even called a syrup; it's waterier than what I'm used to. It was good, but I prefer it the way I've always gotten it in Chinatown, NY -- cold and just with the plain sweet syrup. Their tofu was also already broken down.  When my parents got us this snack (from here, I believe: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fong-inn-too-new-york), it was whole, in a deli pint container because we usually got them to go. It came with a few disposable condiment containers full of syrup. We sliced up the tofu ourselves and enjoyed it cold.

One thing I thought was weird was that they didn't have any oyster sauce  (ho yau). What Chinese establishment doesn't carry oyster sauce?! When you order loh bok goh in NY, you get oyster sauce with it. They said they didn't have any, but they offered to give me hoisin instead. I said okay, I'll try it. I was reluctant to eat it that way, but I dabbed a bit on the first piece, tasted it, and found that my expectations for this new combination were correct -- it was gross. I finished off that piece and ate the other two plain. Maybe next time I go, I should bring my own little container of oyster sauce so I can enjoy the loh bok goh way I always have.

Other than that, a good experience. I may try Ping Pang Pong someday. Like someone mentioned in a review for there, the name didn't seem to indicate authentic dim sum was served, but that reviewer said s/he was proven wrong.

..Bah, so mind boggling how a dim sum restaurant doesn't have ho yau. It's sacrilegious.

Man, I really miss being at home.
Had dinner here and the food was good but the service needed to be improved. We ordered the Peking duck and it was delicious. The complimentary soup was good and the vegetables were tasty. 

However the biggest negative was the service. The waiters seemed like they didn't want the be there and looked like zombies. We had a 10% off coupon and when we showed it to our waiter, she told us to cut it out of the newspaper before they can take it. When they delivered the food to us, they didn't smile or seemed to acknowledge us. They just dropped off the food and left.

I would not recommend this restaurant based on the service we received. The food was good, but forgettable.
Best Dim Sum place that I can find in Vegas so far. The place is very dated, decor wise. Not as glamorous as most dim sum houses in California. But the food is pretty good and reasonably priced.
OK, so this is not PF Chang so don't expect American standard customer service... This is a REAL Chinese joint where servers speak very little English, but food is also REAL Chinese/authentic, not panda-express kinda BS, so who cares if those old ladies were a bit rude. What did we have over there... Shark fin dumplings were definitely the hit. Chinese Broccoli, Ha Gow, Siu Mai, Shrimp Balls, Sticky Rice, and Congee. Probably the best in Vegas, it's open all day so I will definitely repeat.
Dim sum... All day!? I have the option to get my dim sum fix for dinner?  Pretty cool.

Not the best dim sum, but still tasty.  Items seem small, had to order more items than usual to get full.
Dim sum from open to close... which isn't till 10:30pm! GENIUS!!!
Great place for Dim Sum.  I stumbled on this place by driving from my massage at Massage Pro.  There was a sign outside that said "best of vegas 2009."  I thought, let's roll the dice and see if this place is any good.

All the dishes are very tasty.  Reminds of the dim sum that I get in the bay area.  The prices seem reasonable.

Didn't notice any rude service.  Just typical of any Dim Sum place.
Best dim sum in Las Vegas.  All the dishes we had were well executed and delicious:

- Spinach/pork dumplings
- Peanut dumplings
- Shrimp dumplings
- Eggplant stuffed with shrimp (so good that we got two of these)
- Steamed pork buns (they also had baked pork buns, which we'll try next time)
- Long rice noodles stuffed with shrimp
- Sesame seed balls, stuffed with red bean paste
- Egg custard cups (with the flakiest crust I've had with these)

All of this wonderful food was extremely reasonably priced ($26 including tax).

While the restaurant was packed, we were seated right away in a very comfortable booth.  The service was attentive, the restaurant was clean and the food was delicious.

Most of the staff only spoke a few words of English, and neither of us speak Chinese, but the staff tried hard to explain things to us and were much, much nicer than the staff at Changs (which I won't even go to any more because of how rude they were to me and how poorly we were treated there).

I would come back here in a nanosecond.
the food quality was good but their service was terrible. it was so slow and they wouldn't come by with the carts they were just standing around and talkin among each other (the workers) we paid out bill and was waiting for the change.. and she took so long just talking with the cashier, we were like forget it. then we said just keep the tip and when we walked to the door the cashier said, " see i told you, you make them wait you get more tip" i was so pissed never again going there
I am a big fan of dim sum! and I have been coming here for years, actually its really the only place I get dim sum. 

I would recommend going before 3 (I believe) because they raise the prices per dish after that.

I would also recommend the pork shumai, shrimp wonton with mayonaise dressing, salty spicy squid, the barbecue pork bun, and the sweet rice cake for dessert!  and off the menu order the yang chow fried rice. 

2 people can eat well for about $30 bucks. If you go on the weekend it gets busy around 11 and usually dies around 1ish. Sometimes its not that bad if it is busy because then the carts are always moving and passing you. Sometimes when it is slower you might have to wait longer for what you want to come around.
Dim Sum = Yum Yum. Staff here are quite friendly. This is the first time I've been to a dim sum place like this where they walk around with food carts asking if you want something. This was a great experience for me and I'm glad this place became my first. Dim Sum here is yummy I love the shrimp dim sum, I'm not much of sho mai fan, but from the looks of everyone else that had it, it seemed like it was good. What I found to be very delicious was the shrimp wontons! Those were delicious. Now because of this place I'm going to hunt down a dim sum place in the Bay Area similar to this. There was more on the menu/food cart that we didn't try, but everything we did try was yummmmy!

When I come back I'll be sure to stop by here again.
I'm pretty impressed with their dim sum! I used to live in California and growing up, there were plenty of dim sum restaurants that were very good, but as I've gotten older, quality dim sum was harder to find. I've been here twice. The first time, I went mid-day and service was great! The ladies with the carts were coming by our table every few minutes. Our water/tea was constantly refilled and the staff was very friendly.

The second I went, it was around 9:30pm and I'll be honest, I was expecting the dim sum to be old and perhaps dried out. To my surprise, the dim sum was still fresh and tasted delicious! Again, service was great at this hour and the staff, always so friendly.
In the past, I've always been here with my family because (to my knowledge) we didn't know of any other dimsum places, really. Well, it's been awhile since I went back (except recently) and of course, the service still lacks. I feel like the waitresses are always grumpy here. Can't even smile.

The dishes are good, to me, because I really like the noodles and the crispy shrimp, but those sure add up. I've already found a new dimsum place to go to now, but the service here is pretty depressing. I feel like I have to climb a mountain just to be noticed sometimes.
Only been there once but would definitely want to go back again. All day dim sum! The food was good but it being dim sum, sometimes it freshly made and some if it was probably a few hours old and cold by the time it got to us. Went there early afternoon on a Saturday I think and it was fairly empty and they didn't have as many runners and food going around so it took a while for us to get a decent amount of food on our table. I don't know when their prime hours are but it's probably better if you go sometime around there where they're expecting to have a lot of people, thus more food being prepared and it being more fresh. I'd definitely go there again.

Had two tvs but what they were airing was completely random. The big screen had a soccer game going on and there's another screen up front by the waiting area and that was airing Entertainment Tonight or something.
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Being located in Vegas, I wasn't expecting much out of a dim sum restaurant but this place really delivers.  Yes, there are better places in California but if you're craving dim sum and you're in Vegas, this is a great place to go.
Gross!  Cockroach sitting right on the table!  Never coming back.
I finally found the dim sum place to go to in las vegas. It takes me to four restaurant to find good enough standard to eat dim sum too, but I finally found the one. 

I ate at changs and I thought, ok this place sucks. I try ping pang pong and thought ok, good food, worse service and dang slow, why would I eat there again and dont even get me started with harbor palace, that place just horrible.
 
But I finally found one that I like. Food portion are smaller, service are ok, food cart are quick and dim sum quality almost match those in san gabriel valley.

So if you are from los angeles california who have standard for high quality dimsum and already can stomach those dreadful service in LA dimsum place. This place will feel like home far away from home.
Hadn't been here for dim sum in a long time, now I remember why - mediocre, overpriced and this time we got the teeniest siu mai and har gow I've ever seen. Looking at other people pics, maybe the chef was feeling stingy today, but wtf. 

Its one of the only places that has all day dim sum, so that's the only reason I ended up at orchid garden. I was also unpleasantly surprised that their shrimp won ton is $4.15 there - its listed on the menu, but guess they call it fried shrimp ball there? Or they overcharged since I'm not Chinese. Who knows, and regardless ill stick to my usual Cathay House from now.
this one not even deserve for one star ! 
after talking to this lady manager , she is so unpolite 
we are trying to book over 100 -200 + ppl , bring in more business
but this lady is ridiculous refused to help us out ! 


- bad customers services
-no one care about you in the restaurant 
-food not fresh 
-dirty kitchen 
-bad attitude 
-worst restaurant in las vegas

- never ever come back to this restaurant 
-worst services in any kind type of restaurant

people should banned this one forever !!!!! 

just go near the kitchen area ...i am sure you wont go any more ! sick sick sick sick place

over priced , over priced ! cant even get a nice quiet meal without seeing something stupid !
This is the only place in Las Vegas I come to for dim sum. I take family and friends here when they come visit as well. 

The restaurant is big and every Sunday for brunch it's always bustling with crowds. That's how you determine a Chinese restaurant is good, it's when there is always a crowd or line to get a table.

I like this place because they actually have the dim sum carts come around, which is traditional. I don't really enjoy dim sum places where you order first from a piece of paper and then they bring it to you. Beats the fun in eating dim sum! 

You get all the typical dim sum favorites like har gow and siu mai. But my highlights are the pan fried egg noodles and pan fried shrimp and chives dumplings! And always to top off my dim sum I get the pineapple bun or tofu fa!
We come here for Dim Sum when in Vegas...

It's good, affordable and well... Nothing mind blowing...

Good enough, friendly enough... Not much else to say about this place... Typical Dim Sum hall
This restaurant has some of the better dim-sum, but it's definitely not the greatest.

The service is not that good. When we were seated at our table, the waitress just plopped our water glasses on the table and walked away. The dim-sum servers just take things too seriously. It's not like we're going to eat everything! 

Now the food was good, but not delicious. The shu-mai and the spare ribs were some of my favorites. The har-gow was also OK. If you want something a little more "weird", try the chicken feet or the tripe. It's relatively clean and sanitary.

A stereotype dim-sum restaurant where the food is decent and the dim-sum servers take it too seriously. I would try some other dim-sum restaurants before trying Orchid's.
I found this place online with pretty good reviews. However, coming from the bay area, I had high expectations. It turned out the food wasn't very good. I'm sure the food had MSG as I was feeling thirsty after eating. However, being in the middle of the desert, it's difficult to find good dim sum place. I'd give them credit for trying.
From my visits to Hong Kong and various China towns, i have come to realize a good Dim Sum place  has several things in common. Very poor customer service and high noise level. Orchids Gardens have both. They will come around and force their food on you. Every cart claims to  have the best food. And every cart does have great Sum Sum. Some of my favorites are the crispy pork balls and the stuffed eggplant. 
Keep in mind their portions are on the small side.
Best dim sum ever.  Ive been to a bunch of places all over nyc and nothing compares.  nothing!  this is my one must do whenever im in vegas.  Everything is delicious.
This is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been too! Dim Sum is served all day and service here is one the best. They were able to fit pretty much the whole entire family together. Any restaurant that can accommodate my entire family is pretty a winner in my book. Most of the time we have a party of anywhere from 16-25. Most restaurants will split us into 2 tables and it bugs me. Even though they were able to accommodate us, the food here is good too!

We ordered so much food! The pan fried noodles here, are awesome from the menu! The beef fried rice was really tasty too! The best part was the dim sum! Har Gow and shrimp rice noodle are a few of my favorites here. What I couldn't get enough of was the fried shrimp and onion. I've never had it before and I've never seen it on any of the dim sum places nearby my home. It came with a dip, it was definitely mayo but it had other stuff in too. I didn't ask but I think the other flavors in the dip were sesame oil and ginger. Sweet rice cakes and sesame balls for dessert was just pure bliss.
This place is an authentic Chinese restaurant. They have a great dim sum menu and have good service. The dim sum servers are a little pushy but other than that, this place is a must. Dim sum is served all day, unlike other places, so this place is already on top of my list for Chinese food cravings.
The shrimp balls are the bees knees!! I wish they had more places like this in LA, we got served really fast and the staff was friendly, LOVE the Jasmin tea, a little pricey but we only come here once every time we visit the city, and will keep on doing so.
They have decent dim sum, but the regular menu items are only acceptable.  Location is good and easy parking.
My brother and sister were in town and my brother's been wanting dim sum since we last had it in Orlando.  We were pretty excited to find that they served dim sum all day.  We had just experienced a dim sum restaurant in San Francisco that only served dim sum for lunch and we were expecting to have it for dinner. We were all first timers to Orchids Garden and have all decided... yes, we will be returning!

We came on weekday evening around 6:30. There was no wait and were seated immediately. The dining area was huge... we couldn't even imagine what it's like on a busy night. Aside from our table, there were maybe 3 other tables that were occupied. Once 7:00 rolled around, people started coming in.  We came at a really good time.

We devoured 21 dishes between the 4 of us. I don't know if that's average or excessive, but we were pretty hungry.  :P The food was a little on the salty side (for me, but no one else... some, not all) and the women behind the carts were a little pushy (which we expected from reading all the reviews), but still friendly.
It seems we crave dim sum always on Sundays!  However this place has it all the time, we always seem to find ourselves coming in early Sunday Morning.  

We are always seated right away, and the carts start coming even before we have chance to get comfortable in our seats.  I leave the ordering to my husband who knows what most things are by sight but not by name.  I know which ones are my favorite and will tell him which ones to try again.

You can't go wrong with shrimp dumplings, roast pork rolls, deep fried taro fritter and anything with eggplant! We usually load up and eat ourselves silly before the third cart comes around!  

This place serves plenty of fresh dim sum, has fast service and easy to get in if you come early!  But be warned, we have come just as the doors opened only to miss out on some of the choices when they get busier, so your timing to arrive will influence your choices, so slow to eat, take your time, and enjoy.
I've been here twice and absolutely love it.  Next to LA, Orchid Garden is the best dim sum I've had. Our Italian grandparents actually introduced us to this fine establishment.

The service is prompt, the food is delicious, and it's just plain dim sum yumminess. 

Upon sitting down, the carts are at your table. There's no time to waste on Dim Sum Sunday! They clean your tables pretty fast too, but don't let them rush you. Enjoy it.

Most places use a lot of sesame oil in their dim sum items, not Orchid Garden. You leave satisfied... full.... but not wanting to sit in stretchy pants.

Their pork buns (the ones in my picture) are lightly brushed with honey. The bun is fluffy and the pork isn't too "saucy". The mushroom shu mai is my favorite over the regular shu mai. It actually tastes like there is meat inside. If you're a fan of eggplant, try the fried eggplant (seen in my picture).  I'm not a huge fan, but even I loved this tasty morsel. The red bean sesame rolls are unreal - crunchy outside, steamy chewy inside, and the slightly sweet bite of red bean in the middle. The seaweed salad is meh. STick to the dim sum items and you can't go wrong.

Be sure to check them out and remember it's meant to be eaten slowly! Sip that tea, digest, and grub down. ;-)
A great dim sum restaurant! My hubby and I usually go to a competitor but refuse to wait in line the last time we tired so came to Orchids Garden.  We found a new place for dim sum!  The food comes faster, is delicious and the service is EXCELLENT and very attentive!!  We will definitely be back.
When we first walked into the restaurant. There was an order that we couldn't help but think of a backup sewer. It was so bad that we thought of walking out but it was awkward when the waitress stood there asking us a few times to follow her. So, we shrugged and followed her into the dining area. We figure if it smells that bad in the dining area, we are outta there before you can say 'mooshoo'. . . but to our relief, the smell was not present. 
Since we came for dim sum, we readied our plates with some hot oil and soy sauce. Then the feast on wheels.. .the waitresses were pushing out the metal hot carts. We selected quite a few dishes. All was delicious. The presentation needs to be bit more worked on but heck, the taste buds aren't complaining. 
If you can get pass the smell at the front door, the dim sum is worth it.
I find myself coming here after getting my flex on at the gym. This place is great. I hated it whenever I missed the normal dim sum hours. All day dim sum?!? WHAT?!? 

I can't complain about the different shrimp and pork dumplings that they serve. "I'll try dat!"

Their chile sauce has good kick to it. HIGH LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!

The two items that stood out for me was the roasted duck and tripe. The roasted duck has the perfect crispiness to it accompanied with the perfect amount of fat. Every piece was greaZy and flavorful. MMMMM MMMMM!!! The lady gave me a hint. If you end up getting two orders of the duck for dim sum, just order a half duck on the regular menu. You'll save $4. EYE LIKE!!! NAAAAAAAAS!!! HOW MUCH!!! The tripe didn't change my life like how the roasted duck did, but the slight bitterness of it had me ordering more.

Good food for sure.  I love to frequent this place. Thanks yallz for serving dim sum all day. ... These guys deserve at least 4.

HIGH LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
Stopped in cause we were in the mood for some dim sum action, and Ping Pang Pong wasn't serving any during the evening. food was okay, but not the best.

As long as they have the little manapuas(Char siu bao) and steamed rice cakes, I guess I'll be coming back every time I crave a taste of home...ALOHA!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(87/365) "Manapua and Rice Cakes"
I can't tell you how much I love this place. The food is excellent and the service wonderful. My husband and I have returned to this place a number of times recently and would guess that their service is better than most dim sum places. The dining room is large enough to accommodate multiple carts that return often tempting you to eat more or get extras to take home which is what we usually do. I'll be back again and again.
Initially, it was just my husband's fave. Now, I'm hooked myself! We come every month AT LEAST. Good service. Price isn't bad. Food's good too!
Good price and best when busy, carts keep coming. Have had some cold shrimp but over all they do a good job
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! 

After a horrible experience at a Korean place the night before, I was hesitant to try out this dim sum place in Vegas. Thankfully, it was a great experience. It was around 9:30 PM and the place was pretty empty except for a couple of other people, but they still had carts to bring around, which surprised me because most dim sum places will just serve when items are ordered. The food tasted amazing, full of flavor, and definitely not a disappointment. The ladies that worked their were very nice as well. I'll be sure to come visit again for sure the next time I'm in Vegas.
4 stars for dim sum in Las Vegas
This place must be good because out of 50 customers there were 2 Black ladies and my white self--and 47 Asians speaking Chinese.  I trust that means the food is authentic and good.
I had a couple dim sum dishes but the best thing was the duck...OMG!  It was the first time in my life I ever had duck that I liked...no changed that to loved!  
Go here for authentic Chinese, peeps..you won't be sorry!
This isn't the best dim sum ever; but for Vegas dim sum, it does the trick. It's a bit easier to go to sometimes than braving the craziness around Chinatown too; which is probably why I come here more often. I know a few of my friends have had a bit of difficulty ordering when they've come here but I haven't experienced that difficulty myself... Perhaps that's simply because my minimal Cantonese ONLY extends to ordering food. We often will just order take-out dim sum when we come here and usually that works out just as well. I've brought one large group here for Chinese New Year and it was easy and well organized. I think the three-star rating describes my feelings perfectly- A-OK.
DIM SUM ALL DAY! -- finding this place definitely makes me feel like a winner in Vegas. lol oh man, i get way too excited over food, but dont mind me.

It was pretty late in the afternoon when we were driving around off of the strip looking for a place to have some chinese food and then we find this place. We had a rather large group but they were able to accommodate us quickly, which was nice. The restaurant has many large tables and the service was quick. We had many order of the pork shiu mai, the chinese broccoli and dumplings! The servers were not pushy and they were all rather friendly. The price was decent too. I will definitely be back to Orchids when I have those late night dim sum cravings in Vegas. Or maybe when I have a hangover-- you know how that is.
The ratio of customers to waitress/dim sum carter-ers was too little. I kept looking around for the next cart and only til the last cart did I get the shrimp har gao that I was craving.

Their noodles were greasy and DELICIOUS =) Just what I wanted!

And it's not as good (quality of food and quickness of carts) as Chang's but, not hating. I was craving dim sum and I got it at 9pm on Christmas Day!
It did what it needed to do: satisfy me!
Been trying to find a good dim sum restaurant in Las Vegas. This place was pretty decent. Everything was very greasy and fatty which I love. This is better than most places around here. But still not as good as the dim sum places in Cali.
You win some... You lose some... Then you get Dim-Sum!

Our Go-To dim sum spot ANY time of day. Yes, it's perfectly okay to have dim sum for dinner (break all rules!).  I can't spell the traditional names so I'm going to review in an american fashion.

SHRIMP anything is delicious . The shrimp with sugar cane is good. The shrimp with fried crispie stuff is good.  The steamed shrimp and pork shumai is good. I mean, it's dim sum! Mostly Everything is good! I even like the chicken feet and the tripe! 

I guess what i can review best about is quality. Out of a few dim sum spots around town this place is my favorite. The food never disappoints!

Service is somewhat lacking as my water was empty a few times before i had to flag down a waiter to refill me. 

Overall, if you want dim sum, ORCHID Gardens is the bee's knee's or the cat's pajama's..whatever you prefer.
Decent Dim Sum especially because they serve Dim sum at all hours of the day when traditionally Dim sum should be more of a morning / morning brunch never after 2pm. The dim sum here is decent, I usually go here because ping pang pong has a super long wait and so does Changs. Decent but does the job I should say. This place is huge and gets packed between the hours of 9am-2pm crazy busy. If you've never experienced Dim sum its a great experience. Asian ladies pushing around metal carts to each table with asking "what chu want wha chu want" HAHA sorry I must make fun of my people. Its a super loud place so be prepared to scream across your table (okay maybe I over exaggerated that just a bit). Well like I said decent, nothing really to comment about this place other than it serves dim sum all day. That's pretty much the only good thing about this place. Parking is horrible, the place has a super small and limited parking spots & we all know Asians suck at driving. So just imagine small parking lot & Asian drivers.
As usual, this place serves quality dim-sum and at a great price. Personally, there are only two decent dim sum restaurants in town and this is one. Overall, the food is great, service is on par and the prices fair. Some of my personal favorite dishes include the calamari, shrimp noodle and sesame bun with red bean.... Yumm..... Actually just typing that makes me want to go back. 

With regards to dim sum, I can only speak with regards to lunch. And yes... I will be back again, again and again. Good times Orchid Garden!
Foods pretty good, never had dim sum so I can't complain about anything :)
Awesome place to eat on a Sunday morning. Lots of dim sum options: bbq pork buns, shrimp and pork shumai, rich congee, crab claws, pork ribs and black bean, YUM!!! Service can be a little slow at times, but this place did fill up by 11:00. And the carts of goodies are trucking along. Not as great as some of the places in San Fran I've been to, but for Vegas it was great. $27 with tip- how can you beat it? I will be back for sure!
I Love this Place. Good Food Good prices 
Service is Good Too
But Sometimes the stuff is cold. I dont know how dim sum can be cold?????
The springrolls are Not Good at all.
Dim sum is good.  The shrimp cheung fun is tasty.   They seem to run out of certains dishes by mid afternoon which seem silly if they serve dim sum all day.  I guess the early bird gets the best dim sum choices.   Service is mediocre like most chinese restaurants.  You could get death by dim sum cart if your not careful during busy times.  Atmosphere is noisy like any dim sum joint.  Overall I give them 4 stars for the variety and goodness of the dim sum.
If half stars were allowed, I'd give this place a 3.5

My family and I went on Sunday for an early dinner and unlike dumplings which were usually served during tea time a.k.a. 'Yum Tsa' back in Hong Kong, this place served them all day and all night! We ordered the crab balls, siu mai, egg tarts and from the menu, house special pan fried noodles as well as chicken fried rice. 

Once they arrived, we stared at our plates as the food glistened in all that oil! No doubt it tasted pretttttttty good! The crab balls went perfectly with the fried rice and the egg tarts were a great way to end the night. With a cute serving of 3, my parents and I had one each! 

Atmosphere was pretty mellow. It gave me this deep sense of nostalgia for Hong Kong where I lived for 18 years. The service could do with some improvement although I would understand that working a whole day wouldn't really motivate a smile. Just a little less on the cold approach and I'd probably give this place a 4.5 :) 

Overall, it was a pretty pleasant experience, comparable to HK star only with more variety on the dumplings and reasonable prices throughout the day (HK star shoots up its prices for dinner)
Unless you speak Chinese then you need to skip this place because they definitely don't speak fluent English at this restaurant.  In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if a bunch of illegal aliens are working there.

A group of us decided to go here for a dim sum lunch.  The women walking around with the carts of food don't speak English and they definitely don't smile.

We could not decipher from the menu what was what from looking at the cart.  Eventually, we had to ask the Manager to come over, who also spoke very poor English, and walk us through the menu and the items on the cart.  Unless you sat near or in the aisles it was difficult for you see the food choices.

The food was unmemorable.

Dim Sum is traditionally affordable but I found out very quickly that 4 small items added up to $18.00.  

Not one staff member was gracious or made us feel welcome & therefore I will not be returning.
Stopped in on Monday for dinner.  Saw the best in Las Vegas sign and do we decided to stop.  Prices-ok.  Selection-seen better at other dim sum places in Vegas. Flavor-had better at other dim sum places in Vegas. Service-good and friendly.
Don't order the Cheong Fun.  It was thick. The Char Siew Pow was not bad.  Could have more meat it in. The Har Gau was not good. Small and shrimp was pasty. The beef ball was good.  Tan Tat was ok.  To thick of flacky crust not enough egg. Fung Chow and Pai Kuat was ok. Overall, it was ok.  Would not go back.  The reviewer for the best dim sum in Vegas obviously don't know what true "Yum Tsa" is in Hong Kong.
Dim sum all day, every day?! FANTASTIC. I think I just found my new favorite dim sum restaurant.

Came here with my boyfriend around 2pm on a Sunday looking to stuff our faces. I'm not a local and the Chinese restaurants in Orange County usually stop serving dimsum around 3pm. So I was sort of expecting the remaining foods and okay service. I was so wrong. I walked towards the restaurant and saw 'dim sum all day''. I was soooo happy!  The service is super fast and friendly! And it's cheaper than a lot of other Chinese restaurants which is awesome!
The 4 stars is for the dim sum only.

Warning: Horrible food off the menu. 
BUT really good Dim Sum. I did dim sum lunch. Really good har kow (shrimp dumpling), bean curd roll, spare rib, shark fin dumpling, pork and chive  dumpling, roast duck. The congee was tasty too but I'd call it 'ok' in comparison to the dim sum.

I was so impressed with the dim sum lunch that I thought I might find NY chinese food (which I really miss since moving out to California) so I went back there for dinner. It was like Jekyll and Hide (not Hyde).  My dinner order was a typical NYC neighborhood chinese restaurant order: Shrimp and Lobster Sauce, Beef Chow Fun,and mixed soup. They were clueless about me ordering a "mixed" soup. The staff looked scared when I ordered this soup as if the wontons would explode if it was placed in egg drop soup. Everything was inedible and I paid and left all the food there. I'm beginning to thing there's an unwritten Chinese Restaurant rule:
If the restaurant doesn't serve crispy noodles (to snack and for soup) with duck sauce and chinese mustard don't even try the place. Although the exception is when going strictly for dim sum.

I will definitely go back for dim sum..I got some good memories of my Brooklyn Dim Sum days...
Best place for dim sum in town!!! Not that expensive, but good food...truly a locals place.Truly love this place...and also it's ALL DAY DIM SUM, who doesn't like that!! The shrimp dumpling in this place is very good and if you are really adventurous try the chicken feet! Hmmmm.....chicken feet.... For dessert I recommend the pineapple bun...(it's not really pineapple flavor but it is yellow so its called that...) very sweet bun with yellow filling!!)
Dim sum is hot, comes around frequently and the people are nice.  I do think they are a little over priced and sometimes I feel like I'm being cheated because they can stamp any price section without me verifying it's the right price for the item I got. 

But the food is good and service is fine.  Oddly enough I always bring my own chopsticks though because theirs are VERY waxy and hard to eat with.
Let me get this straight. A Chinese buffet where they bring the food to you? Yes please! 

This was a great place to try Dim Sum (my first time). We went at a weird time (2pm) so it was basically just us in the restaurant. We were bombarded by servers with carts of food, which was cool in general. I tried  a ton of stuff. The Chinese Broccoli was amazing. They put a tasty sauce on it. The shrimp dishes we tried were all great, and I really liked the dumplings. The service was also very friendly, and they were nice to explain what each dish was, for the most part.  

For a nice experience with Dim Sum off the Strip, give this place a try. Really, try it. Not just saying that. :)
Came here for dim sum because some of the girls don't have the access to it as easily as we did, Bay Area-ners. The food was mediocre, of course nothing is in comparable to the bay's Chinatown dim sum but since we were all starving after a long night and day of waiting for people to get dressed it hit the spot perfectly. the shrimp dumpling was awfully small dried and the rest of the food was tedious in its portion. 
 Normally, I would give it a 2stars but since It served all day and the bill came put to be only 60$ for 7 people ....I will simply forgive them and add an extra one star
The food was mediocre. I went around 2ish and there was only 3 tables. So I guess the same food has been pushing around =\ but the workers was nice. She said she'll get fresh hot stuff out for us if we waited a few minutes. All the workers was very nice and friendly. 
I was very disappointed in the rice noodle shrimp. The shrimps were baby shrimps =\ not regular or jumbo shrimps and the skin was a bit thick. They put one & half baby shrimp to make one regular size =T sigh. The spare ribs was ok not good enough to order 2 dishes which I normally do. sigh. The sweet dumpling fried was not sweet & salty like it would be and light on color =\ The nori rice had so much rice and a sparkle of minced meat. I guess if I was having a super bad craving for dim sum and had no other choice I'll come back again. But if I can get up early enough I'll go else where.
The only reason I like this place is that you can have dimsum here all day into the evenings, Because most places stop dimsum a 3pm. It's not a fancy restaurant and their dimsum selections are alright by me. It's an okay place for me.
Some reason I remember this place being cheaper. Or maybe I'm getting cheaper. Anyways, this place is a nice large restaurant able to seat lots of people on weekends and holidays.  

If you plan ahead, look in the Las Vegas Review Journal newspaper for a tiny  little 1inch by 2inch ad for 10% off your entire bill. Location of the ad/coupon varies so it might take a couple minutes.
This place set the standard bar pretty high for dim sum!!!
OMG - I love me some dim sum and this is the place to go!  The place is big, has the ladies walking around with the serving carts offering tasty little dumplings or sweet treats like my favorite sesame balls and egg custard tarts, or you can order from the regular menu.  The siu mai (pork dumplings) are out of this world - packed with meat, black mushrooms and other good stuff, I can eat 4 or 6 of these by myself.  I loved the steamed cha siu bow (BBQ pork steamed bun) with its delicious sweet sauce.  I indulged in a sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves with ground pork and one delectable bite of Chinese sausage.  It's one of my "comfort foods." Remarkably good service for a Chinese restaurant, too.   Oh, and one of the best things about this place is they are open from 10:30 am to 10:30 pm and they serve dim sum ALL DAY!!  We will be back!
The best dim sum in Vegas.  Have been going there with my family whenever we are in Vegas. The place is busy, so make sure you get there before the crowd.  It's close to the strip and you won't be disappointed.
I was in las vegas for vacation, and wanna to try dim sum. I read those review and decide to give it a try . Wow it has been worst then I though. All i can taste is MSG. SUPER DISAPPOINTED. I dont understand how it was rated that high. Even the tea is awkful. Maybe thoae reviewer before has never try read sim sum or just get to use to american style dim sum.
Came here again cause my friends wanted to come here. We came in a busy time. Which we got a table pretty fast 5 mins. The food carts was all out & pushing about. The food taste better. I'm not sure if it was because I was really hungry or maybe it was much fresher. I'll go with it was fresher cause it was busy. Hehee
This spot is one of my favortie places for dim sum. Their selection of dim sum is very big, the quality of the dim sum is very fresh and delicious. Serivce is quick and attentive. The ladies with the dim sum carts hustle hard and flow freely throughout the huge restaurant always ready to give you what you need. Prices are reasonable and well worth it. The wait to be seated (if not pack'd) is not long at all. On Sundays, its a must to get their early by 11am if not the place fills up and the wait for a seat begins. Try it out if you come to Las Vegas. The only place that serves dim sum everyday, all day.
I once voted this place a 4/5 stars, however after today, I will no longer be a customer. I met up with some friends I haven't seen in a while and ate while chatting. We were asked if we were done eating, so we said yes. They then brought the check, which we felt was a bit rushed. So we payed and didn't think much of it. We continued to talk while finishing our waters, when the manager approached us. She said, "we're waiting for this table?". I said ?excuse me", and she again replied, "we're waiting on this table". We were basically be pushed out as soon as they got our money. I have never in my life have been asked to wrap it up and leave. It was the rudest experience I have ever received from any restaurant. I don't care how busy a place is, you don't treat loyal, frequent customers the way I was treated. Never again.
This is a very big Chinese restaurant with all day dim sum.  The service might not be so good but they have some good dim sum. 

I loved their two kinds of sesame balls and creme bun.  These are  the best  desserts!  Their dumpling are so good too(shumai and shrimp, and chives). The sticky rice in a bamboo leaf did not impress me much.

I have no idea about their regular food since I did not order any but I would go back for their dim sum anytime!  This place can get packed very quickly so get there early and secure a parking spot!
This is the best Dim Sum place ever! I love it!
One of my coworkers has never tried dim sum, so a bunch of us set up a get together at Orchid Garden since they serve it all day. We ended up meeting up around 4pm after a few got off of work. 

Around that time, OG was not very busy, but the dishes were still coming out steaming. The dishes ranged around $2.30-$3.30 and the most expensive were $6.30. Most of the classic dim sum items are on the lower end, but were on the smaller side compared to other places. The flavor of the dishes were good. They had most of the usual selections for dim sum. I did not see any har gow though. By the time we were finished, each person left full on $13.
This is one of our family staples when I go to Vegas to visit Mom.  They serve dim sum all day and it's pretty good.  Large variety, including a steamed Chinese broccoli plate, crispy noodles, a fried cart with sesame balls, custard tarts etc, a couple of steamed carts including my favorite har gao and siu mai.  The lo mein is excellent too.  Recommend it for take out or for dining in.  On top of it all, it's very accessible and parking isn't too heinous, though you may have to look harder during peak hours for brunch on the weekends.  The tables are clean, the prices are reasonable and the service is attentive and fast.
The parking lot was full at this dim sum restaurant.  I was quite surprised that there were so many people here for lunch on a regular weekday.  Which means their dim sum must be good, right?  This was my 2ndt time here.  First time was almost 8 years ago.  We ordered the regular dim sum fare and although their dim sum weren't as good as the ones out in Los Angeles, it wasn't bad.  The carts came around quite often and the food was fresh and hot.  They also had quite a large selection of dim sum items.  Their shrimp dumpling was a little on the small side.  Although their small dim sum are only $2.10, they have quite a few items that cost more than that. So, when all is said and done, the two of us spent over $30 for dim sum.  The next time I have the urge for dim sum, I will definitely come back and try some of their other dim sum items.
Great dim sum, not enough stomach room to fit all the great food we saw.  Carts came around often, and with plenty of different dishes to choose from.
Okay, so coming from the SGV I have to say that this place is COMPLETE SHIT. First of all, they didn't even have my beloved Siu Mai ! SUPERSADFACE ! What kind of dim sum place doesnt have Siu Mai ?! Just for that I wish I could give it ZERO stars. But there were other factors that contributed to this low grade.

None of the food looked or tasted fresh. AT ALL. The carts weren't even steamers so most of the food was COLD. The only plus about this place was that they were able to accommodate 16 of us in almost no time at all. Other than that, I would recommend driving a little farther for good dimsum in the Asian plaza. Peace.
My all time favorite for Dim Sum it is almost always busy and the seating is fast even though some days you might have to wait a bit.  This is authentic Chinese Dim Sum and Dim Sum service if you do not know what you want by the looks of it you will not get much help from the cart ladies they are polite but curt and will just start handing you things.  I know that is a bit of an oxymoron but most who go here will understand.  Please do not let this deter you from enjoying the goodies they serve in their little tins of goodness.   I know what I want by looks and name so that is extremely helpful in these kind of situations! 

My thoughts on a restaurant of any ethnicity is seeing who eats there, if you see many people from the ethnicity of food you looking for you are usually on the right track this place in that aspect does not lie.  It seems as of late the word has gotten out because there are more and more people from other ethnicities visiting here they now just bring a fork instead of having to ask for one (I do not ever need one though but I know some of my friends and visitors do)  I also noticed a lot more smiles from the cart ladies as of late as well!  LOL I kinda like the grumpy, curt all about the food service of the past a bit.  However the food does not lie I do enjoy the Dim Sum and will continue to come back on a regular basis.

I have never even looked at the menu so I have no idea what else they have but who cares really its Dim Sum all day! 

One tip I have learned from my boyfriend and his family in my many years, is drink the hot tea even if you are in Vegas and it is 116 outside, it helps digest the oils from the food and calms your stomach.
Dim sum ALL DAY!
Orchid Gardens is always my stand-by Dim Sum spot. The atmosphere is friendly, the food is great , and the bathrooms are clean! Plus...I'll just say it again...dim sum ALL DAY! 
Growing up in SoCal, I can't say it's on the level of NBC in Monterey Park or ABC in Chinatown in Downtown L.A., but for Vegas, it's not half bad & reasonably priced.
This dim sum place is cool and that food is alright. However, if your car is lowered like mine, just a heads up the parking lot structure isn't lowered car friendly. The food here is mostly seafood, so if you aren't a big fan of seafood then i would definately not recommend this place. The dim sum is probably one of the better food that they offer. And i noticed the dim sum carts were unattended most of the time i was there. The service is standard and it would be great if you speak Chinese. Otherwise, i sure hope you have your ways of getting their attention.
Orchids Garden is a clean, spacious & overall nice restaurant to go to for dim sum. The staff is much friendlier than at Cathay House and I like how they provide a dim sum menu so you know what you're ordering.
If you're a local or a Las Vegas guest, get to this restaurant.  

You're always seated immediately. It's great for large groups but most importantly, the food is very, very good. 

Their General Tao's chicken is some of the best ever. 

This restaurant get's a "Run, Don't Walk Award."
I came with my family (6) on a tuesday evening ordering dim sum which was about 120. 

- Rip off. For those that has ever eaten dim sum in orange county, sgv, or even rowland heights, you'd spend about half the price SERIOUSLY (seafood cove as an honorable mention)!
- Wimpy dim sum. shrimp balls are so so tiny! its laughable. shrimp noodle (one of my faves. its the clear wrapper around shrimp where you put sauce on top) only had one piece of shrimp and the noodle was not fresh. seemed old and not soft how it should be.
- Small portion combination fried rice. oily and gross chinese after flavor. quite possibly microwaved.  
- I can go on and on about each individual plate, but if you are a local, there is better dim sum out there...just not here..sadly..
- We came here bc TFC runs their commercials constantly. advertising win.
- Oh yes, one star for quick service and pretty sinks in the bathroom :)
I like OG because they serve dim sum until 10:30p

Dim sum is served in carts. There are ladies pushing around carts of different types of dimsum. There is a steamed cart, fried cart, starch cart, sweets, and buns. 

You get a card and the things on each cart have a different price depending on the cart. When you get an item, the lady will put a stamp on your card. They add up the stamps and that is your food cost.

Be careful grabbing too much. The items have between 1-4 and cost over $2-$6 each, so that quickly adds up. They also have a normal menu.

I've been eating dim sum since I was a good and all of their dishes are good.

Nothing is necessarily great, but definitely good.

I would say definitely try to go during peak hours because the food is more fresh.

Most of the items are different forms of dumplings. 

They also have fried shrimp, Chinese broccoli, and other things aside from the dumings.

Try the fried stuff. Try the stuff with chili sauce, try the stuff with their mayo.

The cashier girl is super rude. She never says hi, thank you, or smiles.

I prefer this place over Cathay house because their servers don't skip tables!
I used to come here on various occasions whenever I'd come to Vegas to visit relatives. The food was all right, but I just know that I've had better in the Rowland Heights area.
I'm so glad to see this dimsum place on yelp! We make sure that we eat here whenever we go to Vegas! It's not pricey! Dimsum all day everyday!
My brother and sister-in-law who live here brought us for lunch on our last day in Vegas. My brother pretty much did the ordering of the dim sum. Don't think he knew what the names were just point and say one of those, two of that and so on! Everything he ordered was good. Pork hash, siu mai, shrimp ball, crab ball, look fun, char siu bao, noodles and a bunch of other dishes. 

I don't think you could go wrong with any of the choices. Carts came by fast and weren't pushy at all. 

You can tell this place is good when you look around and see a lot of Chinese customers.
I'm a huge huge fan of dim sum, but was really disappointed with it here. Food was cold, desserts were grainy, and there wasn't that big of a selection on anything. I think the same two carts kept coming around over and over again. Dim sum places I've been to have at least 5 carts of food and they would all be different and filled to the top. This place was beyond dissapointing, esp for the last meal before I flew out of Vegas. And this was coming on a weekend too!! I thought they would have more choices esp for how big the restaurant is.
Dim sum is just not good in Vegas. I would not come here again, but then again I probably won't ever get dim sum when I'm in vegas. 

This place is dirty and not authentic.
For variety and a yen for all day and night dim sum, Orchids is the place but drink lots of bo-leh tea to cut the grease as there is alot of oil used in dim sum so it might be greasy for your stomach.  But they serve dim sum until 10:30 at night!  Good variety like chicken and duck feet, shrimp dumplings (ha gow), siew mi (pork balls), jook, shark fin dumpling, fried taro, so if you want dim sum and quick, they have fast service and it's hot.
We were heading down to Vegas for two nights. I asked dad if there was any place that he wanted to visit or restaurant that he wanted to eat at. True to nature, he wanted Chinese food for lunch, specifically dim sum. There was a restaurant that they had eaten at four years ago and "the people were really nice" and "the food really good" but "I can't remember the name of it", something with the name Orchid in it.

No problem said Son #1 (that's me). I'll just punch in Orchid in Las Vegas, Nv and see what Yelp comes up with. Oh, could it be Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant? Yes? No? Maybe? Look, here are some pictures to look at. Oh? That's the one. Terrific!

Naturally, when I pulled into the parking lot, the voice from the back seat goes, "where are we? We've never been here before!" Argggghhhhhhhhhhh!!!

So we bravely trooped into the restaurant anyway. We were greeted and seated relatively quickly. I ordered the type of tea that I like (Gook Bo, which is a blend of Gook Fah and Bo Li). It was actually pretty decent. The steam carts came around as well as women carrying small trays of food. Pretty much, a typical dim sum scene.

We don't recall seeing anything "new" or "unusual". Mostly the standard fare. We did notice that the portions were smaller than we were used to seeing. Flavors were okay but nothing really stood out. We had all the "standards" except we didn't order any buns.

Har gow (shrimp dumpling), shui mai  (pork & shrimp dumpling), pi gwat (pork spare ribs), fung jow (chicken feet), naw mei fan (sticky rice tamale), ngow een (beef meatball), hom sui gok (deep fried meat dumpling) and many more.

Service was okay but I think we confused the servers as we always tend to. They look at the parents and start to speak Cantonese and then they look at me and my wife and switch to English or Chinglish depending on their proficiency.

I'd say that if you're in Vegas and must have dim sum, you could do worse but don't expect the same quality that you'd find in Alhambra, Montereay Park or San Francisco.
There are not much dim sum places here in Vegas. One of the very few I go to is Orchids Garden. 

Compared to the other dim sums I tasted, this one is not bad. They have variety of choices, the price is modest and the place is huge.
Best Dim Sum! My family and I go here whenever we can. The shark fin dumpling is to die for. I always recommend to order off the carts rather than the menu. Love their dim sum. I bring everyone here whenever I can as well.
gets the job done
I do enjoy eating here most days but some times they run out and don't make any more of that dish. So it's very hit and miss.   If you have something on your menu at least have it.
staff was very typical of chinese restaurants, cold and sterile with evident love for their job. all the dim sum tasted the same because most of their dishes were made from shrimp. service was adequate, but the food was embarassing for my guests.
Best dim sum ever!!
We had dimsum for dinner on a Saturday night at Orchids Garden. They serve dimsum all day from 10:30am - 10:30pm. Since they don't take reservations, we decided to go at 5:30pm - early enough before it gets too crowded.

Waitresses walk around with carts filled with plates of dimsum, and they stop at each table. You pay per plate by category. As you take plates, the watresses stamp your food bill:
A ($2.30) - our favorites are the Steamed BBQ Bun and for dessert: Baked Sweet Cream Bun and Red Bean Sesame Ball.
B ($3.10) - our favorites are Shrimp Hargow, Baked BBQ Pork Pie, Shrimp Pasted Eggplant (make sure you get the sauce), Pan Fried Chives Dumpling, Shrimp with Rice Noodle, and for dessert: Mango or Coconut Pudding (with sweetened condensed milk.)
C ($4.15) - Sugar Cane Shrimp
D ($6.15) - Chinese Broccoli, Seaweed Salad, and the Chow Mein.

The standouts are the Chow Mein (even though $6.15 is over-priced for noodles), the Steamed BBQ Bun is the best deal, Pan Fried Chives Dumplings were our favorite, and the best dessert is the Baked Sweet Cream Bun!  Although we love the Seaweed Salad, the portion size is so small, it's not worth $6.15.

Seven of us ate everything we wanted for a total of $82 plus tax. That's a pretty good deal! This is our favorite dimsum place in Vegas!
Excellent choice for Dim Sum.  Busy place, which keeps the food fresh and the carts moving.  Very reasonably priced, as dim sum should be.  Flavor and freshness on the bakery stuff was just as good as on the savory fish and vegetable choices (I don't eat meat other than seafood).  

Great way to start a weekend day.
So good...so so so good!  Be careful not to pick too many things from the carts...it adds up fast.  Five of us racked up $100 bill...so worth it...yummy!!
This place is definitely a hidden jewel at Las Vegas. I didn't know such place existed, until I yelped it.  There are variety of dim sum choices, and as you enter the restaurant it's already packed with people.  This mean that it's really good.  The good thing about it is the diversity of people that enjoys the dim sum there.  Furthermore, the waitresses knows how to speak English really well!! This is the only place that I've heard clear English being spoken!! Awesome!!!!
Umm, where should I begin.  Well, I stopped by this place for lunch on Saturday while I was in Vegas.  The food was so so, and the variety of dim sum is very very limited.  Service is sh.t, they just keep checking your dim sum ticket to see if you are ready to go and get you the check.  Anyway, look for somewhere else if you are craving for dim sum.
Unfortunately I didn't get to eat anything here today. My plan today was to get some dim sum for the first time. I had read reviews about it here and though the Orchids Garden would be my first time Dim sum experience. I read that they had takeout and thought "that's great!". So I went in today around 1:30pm to order some. This is where it started to turn sour for me. When I entered I asked the four waitresses waiting at the register if they had takeout. One waitress automatically pointed at the stack of menu's at the other end of the counter. My thoughts were "OK, there are four of you, one is handling some customers paying for her food and the others are just standing there. Couldn't one of them just hand me a menu instead of me just having to make a wide berth around the customers to grab one?". 

 I didn't say anything but just went went around the other customers and got the menu they pointed out. The menu was for regular Chinese food that I could get anywhere with those prices. There was no dim sum listed. I remembered from reading about this restaurant on Yelp that they must have a dim sum menu. There were no dim sum menu's around the counter, and I didn't get a chance to ask because the same counter people (whom were still just standing there not doing anything) were still focused on the customer they were billing. I'm sure if I waved a brightly colored flag they still wouldn't see me. So I just left, paper menu still in hand.  I really don't know if I'll go back there.  I may just have my Dim Sum experience someplace else. Two stars to this place for at least getting in and seeing the menu.
It was my first time dining here which is weird since I LOVE dimsum but I don't really venture out from our usual places (Chang's, PPP, Cathay) but we were in the neighborhood and starving so we ended up here! I think I was expecting the inside to be much bigger for some reason.. 
So we got our usual stuff of this and that.. I noticed there weren't that many carts going around but during the duration of the time we were there I did she new stuff continually come out on the steamed cart.. No congee here though maybe only on the weekends...  
Everything was pretty tasty my only problem was, with the exception of the steamed items, everything was not hot I mean most dimsum places items are at least warm but here they were just room temp.. Made me feel like they were definitely not fresh haha 
BUT I think the prices here a tad lower than other places because our bill usually comes up to around $30 and here it was only a little over $20 for 2 ppl ~ 

Hot tip: like everyone else has already stated.. They have dim sum round the clock..Though It may be difficult for some to order off the dim sum menu if you don't know the name of the item ..
Really good Dim Sum...definitely the best I've had in Las Vegas.  This isn't a five star restaurant, but it is a five star Dim Sum joint.  

Simple and fresh
Hubby and I came yesterday right when they opened.  What a difference compared to Chang's.  From the moment we walked in, the staff was polite and got us drinks.  Carts were plenty and moving.  These ladies move fast and new stuff kept coming out.  My only complaint is the shrimp rice noodle dish.  The shrimp was small and it seemed like it was too much noodle.  I'm used to dim sum but my husband is still in his preemie stage with it.  While the food is not super awesome, it was great.  Service was the deciding factor.  You know how Chinese restaurants are.  You're lucky if they come to refill your drinks.  We didn't even have to ask.  Needless to say, we thoroughly enjoyed our experience here.
Ehhh.  If you're coming from the Bay Area or LA, this place can't compare to some of the dim sum establishments there.  Place serves dim sum all day, but there wasn't much variety going around the carts when we were there.  We really wanted some Shanghai Dumplings and was told it was coming each time we asked.  Finally, we flagged down one of the waitresses to ask about it and she told us it would be 15-20 minutes for them to make it.  It was never really coming at all!

Shiu Mai, har gow, bean curd skin, chow fun, baked buns, steamed buns, gai lan, etc.  were all decent though a bit small compared to standard.  Not a bad place overall.  It's a bit away from the strip.
- I've only tried dim sum in 2 Vegas eateries.  This was better by default simply because Harbor Palace dim sum was unpalatable.
- Orchids' waiters were quick to fill our requests and the push-cart waitresses paid lots of attention to us (in some LA dim sum joints if you're not Chinese/don't speak Cantonese the push-cart folks sometimes just ignore you).
- Hopefully there's a better Vegas dim sum place I'll come across but until then this'll do.
Great dim sum.
This is one of the better Dim Sum restaurants in Vegas in my opinion. I've tried pretty much all or most of the Dim Sum restaurants here in Vegas and this is one of the better ones. I mean its not fantastically good but better than the rest. 

They do have Dim Sum around the clock but I would recommend going early - afternoon-ish just because the food is fresher because there are more people so they are preparing food constantly. Compared to going later when it is not busy, food can be sitting out for a while.

I would recommend going here or at least give it a shot.
I have been here for dim sum a few times and it is OK.  There was nothing that really ever stood out, positively or negatively, but sometimes dim sum is just calling my name, and this is where we go.  

However, yesterday my family came to try the peking duck.  The last time I had peking duck was in Hong Kong, where the sizzling duck was carved at table side and the skin was perfectly crispy.  It was like candy.  Unfortunately, my experience at Orchids Garden was not on par.  Parts of the skin were still attached to the duck meat and only half of the pieces were crispy, while the others were limp and chewy.  The steamed bun was nice and fluffy, although a little thicker than I prefer.  But, the addition of the plum sauce and the spring onions made me forget the disappointing duck skin. 

I probably won't order it again, hence the search for delicious Peking Duck in Las Vegas continues.  This restaurant is quite clean, though.  Service is friendly, and where else can you get dim sum all day? So, I will definitely be back for that.
Superior dim sum all day and every day!!!! What a BIG surprise!

Who could ever expect this place to be in Las Vegas? Well, that's a factor in my opinion why reviewers trip out on Orchids. I rate my restaurants based on flavor more than any perceived authenticity and this place serves really tasty food!!!!

I've been to a really decent place in the San Gabriel Valley (SGV) called Ocean Star which is pretty much the best true dim sum I've had and I much prefer Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant. Let me also say that Ocean Star is one of the top four dim sum places in the SGV according to Yelpers. I also went to a really, really bad dim sum place in Las Vegas too. 

If you look at the Elite reviews for Orchids you will see that they are mostly three and four star ratings! Few dim sum places in the SGV do better than 3.5 stars overall! Trust me, Orchids is great!!!!

Lately, my BF and I have been to a bunch of places that do not serve Chinese brocoli - but they've got it here! We love our Chinese brocoli too! Just as in Los Angeles the dim sum arrives in carts. There is a great variety of items to eat and they were all good. My BF loves the seaweed wrapped stuffed rice here and he's really picky! All of the shrimp was fresh as can be! I really liked the dim sum sauces here. Another great thing about Orchids is that the dumplings do not fall apart nor ar they too sticky! They are alsonice and juicy! Not as great as Din Tai Fung in Los Angeles, but heck, few things are as great as Din Tai Fung haha! The tea was well steeped too! I really take my tea seriously and sometimes places serve yellowish and flavorless water. Not here!

The place is packed with a mixed crowd! Service was a little better than in Los Angeles SGV places! Lots of free parking!
This place is gross. The food was bland, not hot when brought out, super greesy and horrible service. Typical chinese restaurant.
probably the only place i come for dimsum. great prices and selections. they are always well staffed and you have dimsum carts always moving and restocking.

they have this coconut pastry bun. its the shiz, so good...

my favorite dimsum dish is the chicken feet.
Loved that this restaurant serves dim sum all day. The Chinese Broccoli was cooked very well that day, not over or under done. For some of the ladies in my group, it was the first time they had dim sum, so it was a good experience. And the pricing was good as well. 

Good, cheap, eats. I'd go again in a heart beat.
Great dim sum all day location! Prices are a bit high than other dim sum locations but this place offers it ALL DAY! Save room for dessert and get the rice cakes along with the baked sweet cream buns! They are amazing!
Been here a few times to Orchids, and out of PPP, Changs Cathay House and KJ, I've probably enjoyed their wu gok/fried taro dumplings the best. They have all the usual dim sum items here -- but that fried taro dumpling is basically my litmus test for a good dim sum spot. At Orchids their dumpling was warm with a good ratio of filling-to-dough ratio, it wasn't too greasy or had that soaked up that nasty oil flavor from incorrect frying temperature, and still had that lovely crunch and flakiness on its outer layer. 

Nothing to write home to mama about, its solid/on par for Vegas dim sum standards, 3.5 stars rounding up. It might be out of my way but it's still worth the drive when me and my guest(s) need to eat our way through a hangover in the morning. Like any other decent dim spot arrive early or expect to be waiting a while on the weekends.
I've had many Dim Sum experiences in many different cities across the US.  Although I've lived in Las Vegas or 5 years now, this is officially my FIRST Dim Sum experience in this city.  We came here to celebrate Chinese New Years last night, so Kung Hee Fat Chow.  Or Gung Hee Fat Chow, depending on your dialect.  

The outside of the building transport you to an authentic city in China.  Chinese lettering and a huge sign that read, "Dim Sum all day" really brought us in.  The carpet is definitely outdated, older tables as well.  Adding yellow lining lights on the ceiling and you're now transported to 1960's China.  Definitely needs a revitalization.  The staff is cordial.  Definitely not as pushy to sell you more Dim Sum as I've experienced in other cities.  They also explain the dishes thoroughly in English so you know what you're getting.  Here's what we got:

Chow Mein - probably like 4 plates altogether.  A little oily but so good.  Small crispy noodles with grilled onions.  

Fried Shrimp Puff - Got 3 plates of this in all.  Crispy gyoza like dumplings filled with shrimp.  Super yummy!  Served with a dollop of mayonnaise.    

Juicy Pork Dumpling - Watch out!  The juicy liquid is hot so don't just stick it in your mouth so quickly!  Perfectly steamed.

Steamed Pork Shiu Mai - Reminds me of pork hash from back home in Hawaii.  LOVE.

Shrimp Shiu Mai -  Exactly like the pork, just with shrimp.  Still love.

Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper - They actually shaped the paste into a ball and placed it on top of a big square of steamed bell pepper. The pepper was a little odd.

Pork and Chive Shiu Mai - SUPER OILY.  I had to wipe it down with my napkin.

All in all, a little too oily.  My hands were constantly oily all night.  Not the best experience, I've had better dim sum.  Don't take my word for it.  Please come by and see if you feel the same!
Friendly. I luv their coconut bun
This might be my favorite dim sum in Las Vegas. Sadly, I live in SD now and the dim sum in SD sucks... so whenever I come home I always go here :)
My boyfriend brought me here at like 9pm when we got to Vegas once. I was shocked because they serve dim sum all day. And honestly it's not bad!

Their har-gow is mediocre at best, but the shu-mai is still good! Service isn't amazing, but who expects great service in an Asian restaurant?! Lol

Their egg tarts were ok, and their mango pudding with condensed milk that my friend hyped up, wasn't that great.

Their pork buns are good too! I like them. I don't care for their fried rice, but I'm not a huge fried rice fan to start with.

I'll probably be back here, but it's not something you have to go out of your way to try.
Dim Sum all day!! ... was the only reason why I came here in the first place.

Pricing was a little more expensive than usual, and quality was a little bit lacking. Drove off the strip to find this restaurant but maybe we would've been better off at Earls... Just kidding, I guess it wasn't that bad (but it's definitely not great). When we came restaurant was a little empty, not that many workers pushing the carts around and it took 5ever before the steamed dimsum cart found it's way to our table. Ordered all the basic stuff, none blew my mind away. If this is all that Vegas has to offer, I'm a little sad. Next time that I'm back in SinCity, I'll hit up some other spots.
This place is in a word- AMAZING! The best dim sum you will ever have!! I know I'm biased growing up eating at this restaurant but it is seriously the best dim sum I've ever had and will ever have. I've eaten dim sum in San Francisco and nothing can beat the taste or price of orchids garden dim sum. Like ever. I think my mom and I had at least 8 plates plus imported Tsingtao beer. wanna know whats cool? it was all under 50 dollars. Great price for AMAZING food. A goal of mine one day is to try all of the plates they have! 
So in a nutshell: come here, spend all day being a glutton eating the tasty bits of heaven, leave sated and happy! :D
This review is based only on today's experience,  I would usually give this place a solid 4 stars for the quality and price.
They advertise dim sum all day so I exept the dim dum to be good ALL DAY!!!
I usually get there b4 2pm, my last visit was a few month ago and everything was fresh and exellent.
Got here at 4pm today, it was a terrible idea but Chris really wanted dim sum.
Everything was either soggy or dry,  old and definitely not fresh, I am writing this review in pain, my stomach hurt, this never happened to me,  I have a very strong stomach but something was definitely wrong with the food.
I hope I dont have a food poisoning. 
Do not come here after 2pm,  they will serve you old nasty food that have been waiting in the steamer for hours.
Everyone knows that it's not a REAL dim sum experience unless the little asian ladies pushing the carts around are incredibly pushy and loud about their offerings. And Orchids Garden does not disappoint. If you think I'm being sarcastic, you're wrong. i'm not. I genuinely believe that a proper and authentic dim sum experience involves some dingy chairs and loud, pushy little asian ladies. 

The food is pretty good, not AMAZING, but authentic and DIM SUM ALL DAY!!! i ONLY took one star off because the one thing that every dim sum place should get right is those little flat shrimp rice wraps that they douse in that vinegar sauce? I don't know the name, but surely you know what I'm talking about... anyways, those should always be amazing and here they were a little bland. 

The only thing is that unless you live in Las Vegas, rented a car or have a friend with a car this is pretty hard to get to because it's definitely not on the strip and is actually a little far from the strip. worth it if you want to get some good chinese food. also its REALLY CHEAP. i was with a bunch of people and we split it but i ate a ton of different variety stuff and my check was $10.
I haven't had dimsum in many years until one day Brad T. took me to Orchids garden and yummmm!  

Service (4):  They normally dont serve you, they are usually just there to refill your drinks and give your receipt.  Other than that, they go around and you pick & choose what you want.  
Quality (4.5): The food taste wonderful and I have tried a variety of their selections that they offered.  I love their sesame balls, pork shumai, shrimp noodle, fried rice, etc.  
Atmosphere (4):  Looks clean, sometimes it has a weird smell, comfortable.
Overall(4):  I love this restaurant and I would come back here everytime I crave for some dimsum.  There were a couple of times where we would get here and literally 15minutes were are done eating.
Great service, good Dim Sum. But what do I know? I'm a stupid American... LOL
We went for Dim Sum when they first opened for brunch using a $30 RJ Deals coupon. They were located on W Sahara Ave between S Jones Blvd and S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.  

There were comfortable booths around the perimeter and tables in the middle.  The food on the carts came out fresh and steaming hot.

We started with the Shiu Mai and Har Gow.  The 4 Shiu Mai was a little on the small side and the shrimp was minced.  The 4 Har Gow filling was also minced.  No whole pieces of shrimp.  The outer dough was delicate and light.  

The Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper was okay.  There were 3 squares of green bell pepper filled with shrimp paste.  The bell pepper was grilled which gave it a good flavor.

The server cut the 3 Deep-fried glutinous rice dumplings with pork (haam sui gau) in half with scissors which made them easy to eat.  The filling was greasy, tasteless, and skimpy. They were hot and freshly fried.  I would not order these again here.  Harbor Palace had some of the best I've had with pork and dried shrimp.

The 3 Shark Fin Dumplings were good with the thin skin and lots of firm meat on the inside.

The 3 BBQ Pork Buns were okay, but not great. The pastry was flaky.  They were brushed with egg wash and sprinkled with sesame seeds.  I've had better in Denver.  I would not order these again here.

The 3 Don Tot were bite-sized.  They had more crust than custard, but were flaky.

The 3 Baked Sweet Cream Buns were filled with sweet creamy custard on the inside, fluffy on the outside.  Yum!

The 2 Baked Coconut Buns had lots of shredded coconut on the outside.

There were plenty of people to clear empty plates and easy to get the bill.  The carts came around frequently.  The variety was a little limited, but we could have ordered off the menu.

I was a little disappointed to not see my favorite Steamed Pork Ribs in Black Bean Sauce, nor did I see the Sticky Fried Rice.

To get the bill to $30, we ordered extra plates of pastries to take home.
I seriously think they have changed head chefs. I went today and had my usual standard dim sum favorites...har gow, shu mai, char siu bao, chive dumplings, bean curd rolls etc.  and with the exception of the XO cheng fun everything tasted bland and not on par with their usual service. 

The spare ribs were flavorless and tasted gamy, the har gow dumpling skins were grainy and overly chewy, and the all time favorite char siu bao lacked the BBQ sweetness that I love. Everything seemed to be missing something. I don't know what is is...but they need to get it back quick!
Finally, a restaurant that dares to defy traditional lunchtime dim sum hours!

They have the typical offerings like shu mai, har gow, and chicken feet, but the real kicker is that they have it all day!  For the most part, their food is tasty and filling for a low price. Go ahead, indulge in the char siu bao and sesame balls! Just note that the har gow and shrimp wrapped in rice noodle stick together and are scantily filled. Besides the portion size, another issue is that some of the dishes can be bland.

The vast, clean dining space accommodates both the diners and the little old Chinese ladies pushing their metal carts. These carts sure make their rounds quick! Pretty sure the same lady made a few laps before we ordered something from her cart. Plenty of parking is found in the front and back of the building. I like that there's room to maneuver around in and out of the restaurant, because it gets claustrophobic at Chang's.

The portions and flavor could be improved, but Orchids Garden is pretty decent for dim sum in Vegas.
I equate Orchid Garden to the Wal Mart of DIm Sum.  

It is large, busy, open all the time, and has it all.  It is certainly not the best dim sum available.  However, you continue to frequent it due to its convenience and mass appeal.  

Prices change depending on whether or not you are Chinese.  That is certainly annoying.  

Since it is generally busy, the food is usually hot.  That's a major plus!  
I been many times, I'll go again - fully knowing, it's not the best but just fine.
Whenever we are in town,, we make time to go here for Dim sum n just take a break fr buffets. I luv their coconut bread
This was our second visit for Dim Sum using a $30 RJ Deals coupon.  We came during the dinner hour.  It's better to come for lunch when the food is fresh and hot unless you order off the menu.

The 3 Taro Balls were warm and delicate.  There was light taro paste and ground pork inside.  I would order these again.

The Shrimp Rice Noodles were very plain.  They just had whole pieces of shrimp inside served with sweet soy sauce on top.  I like the kind with scallions and dried shrimp in the noodle with shrimp on the inside.

The 3 Baked Sweet Cream Buns were exceptionally good.  The custard was gooey and the buns were soft and fluffy.

The plate of Sticky Rice was small, but tasty.  I don't see this dish on the Dim Sum carts very often.  They usually have noodle dishes.

The 3 Sesame Balls with red bean were okay.  The server cut them in half with scissors.

The 3 Chive Dumplings were large and pan fried.  I typically don't order them, but they were different.

The Chinese Broccoli was cooked perfectly.  The server had a plate on the cart, but brought us a fresh hot plate.

The Steamed Spare Ribs were a little fatty.  There were 2 small pieces of pumpkin in it.  I did not see this dish last time I was here.

The review for the Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shark Fin Dumplings, and Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper remain the same.

I knew not to order the Deep-fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings, BBQ Pork Buns, Don Tot, and Baked Coconut Buns (I didn't like them).

I was pleased that I got the Sticky Rice and Steamed Spare Ribs in Black Bean Sauce on this visit.
Ok I see this place is busy but must be because of out of towners because the food is meh!! The food is mediocre. I have never been to a dim sum restaurant that does not have any hao cao. Every time the carts come by, I would ask " u have ha cao?" The answer was " it 's coming."  We were there 2 hours and it never came. Heard the wait staff tell a Chinese customer there is no ha cao. What the heck? How can u call yourself a dim sum restaurant and not serve ha cao? That's like going to a Mexican restaurant that doesn't serve enchiladas or tacos.  I was totally disappointed. The dishes were not hot- a no no for Asian restaurant. Will never go again- only went because the hubby loved it.  There are way better dim sum places on spring mountain road- Chinatown/vietnatown of Las Vegas.
I went back about a week ago and it was not as good. Maybe I've been spoiled by Vancouver but the harcow was small and not as tasty as I remember and the same can be said for the bean curd wraps, The BBQ pork buns lacked filled and were too sweet. I hope I just went on a bad day.
Sign outside says rated best dim sum in 2010. Well alot must have changed in 3 years. I would highly disagree..lol I was sub par at best with lack of flavor and cooking time of certain dishes that need to be cooked longer for the meats/ tendons/ and or other organs to property become consistance of how the traditional dim sum dish is suppose to be.

The service was a bit lacking as well
I went here with my best friend on Valentine's Day and we were seated immediately. We were there before dinner time and awhile after we got in, the restaurant started getting pretty busy. The service was decent and not very memorable, but I'm giving it 5 stars because of the food. The Steamed Pork Shiu Mai was one of the best that I've ever had. It was so flavorful and tasted fresh, unlike other Dim Sum places *Ahem, East Ocean*. I am also a huge fan of their Shrimp Har Gow as well as their Steamed BBQ Pork Bun. 

We got other food items as well, but those three are the ones that I am most critical about and Orchids Garden passed with flying colors!

Near the end of our meal, the servers came out and gave the ladies who were dining single roses. I thought that this was such a nice touch!
Dim Sum here is amazing! The ladies come by with their carts as soon as you sit down. We will be back.
I never had Dim Sum before but I'll be back. The Chive Dumplings and Pork Bun with black bean and sesame seeds were delicious!  I never had Sunflower Tea before but I will again, absolutely delicious.
Probably the worst food I've ever eaten.. My husband and I came here after seeing such good reviews posted here on yelp. We were both in the mood for trying some tasty dim sum and it sounded like a good idea... until we got here. We grabbed a couple of dishes to start. It doesn't matter what they were cause here is what is important they were all cold, stale, and didn't even appear appetizing. Needless to say, we didn't grab anything else. Oh and the worst part, as soon as I got home I felt stomach sick and had to throw up. That never happens. This place is a disaster. 
Please save yourself from food-borne illnesses and paying to eat frankenfood. I would have rather eaten a hundred booger flavored jellybellys. It was that bad.
I thought the food was good but the prices were extremely high!  I can see myself returning for the food; unfortunately, the cost will deter me from making this place a regular favorite.
All day dim sum and the food is tasty too. Just don't go too late or they seem to run out of certain dishes. Prices are reasonable and service is fairly quick. Sometimes if you ask them they will even make a dish that you don't see on the carts which is great!
If you're craving Dim Sum and you're searching for a place to go, this place will do. It will satisfy your craving, but it's not the best. The restaurant is large, so you typically do not have to wait that long to be seated and it's good for large groups. They have all your typical Dim Sum dishes that you love, but overall I've had better. This might be my go-to Dim Sum place in Vegas, but I know of places in Cali that are amazing in comparison. 
If you don't know what Dim Sum is- it's like Asian tapas food. Little bite size chinese food that is wheeled out to you on little carts. You just point to the ones you want and they drop it off on your table and stamp your table card to keep track how many dishes to charge you for. Most of the time I don't know the name of any of the dishes, so I just point at the ones that look tasty and give them a try. That's that best way to experience Dim Sum for sure.
Try something new for lunch my co-worker said! 

Well, it was the worst meal I've had in Vegas, for a million reasons.  I made him pick up the check, because that's just punishment for this kind of idea.

Dim Sum was a D+ at best - this is compared to all other Dim Sums.  If you have to choose something, get the pork siomai.  It's a solid C-, so it's the best you're gonna get here.

The entrees (Why order an entree at a Dim Sum place?  Shame on me, I know.) were not edible.  I really mean it.  The fried rice wasn't fried and the beef... well, it wasn't beef.

If you have thin skin, or like clean dishes, go elsewhere.  The ladies on the carts would give you some serious stink eye if you didn't take their grade D meat.  And if you ask for a fork without any residue, more stink eye!  

Worst chinese in Nevada.  (That's really saying something)
I love that they have dim sum all day. Only been here once and it was just okay to below average. I ordered my usual favorites: calamari was cold and greasy, though very crispy, probably would have been quite good if it were hot and fresh.  Fried taro wasn't very good, outside was not light and fluffy at all, and I didn't like the filling.  Sticky rice wrapped in leaves was okay, but I've had better, did not detect any mushrooms in the filling which is my favorite part. Shu mai was good. Shrimp dumplings okay. Leek dumplings were greasy. The chicken bao was good but could have used more filling. The shrimp rice noodle roll also lacked filling. The congee just didn't look like there was much it it so I didn't get any. The 8 dishes ordered and hot tea came out to $30 and some change. Just a side note...I felt pretty queasy after eating there. Chang's is better!
Let's be honest:
Is this my favorite dim sum place? No. 
Is this the dim sum place I most frequent? Yes!

When it comes to dim sum, I have a specific set of items that I order. I love shrimp. If it has shrimp in it, I must have it.
When it comes to dim sum, my husband has a specific set of items that he orders. He hates fish. Loves meat. If it doesn't have fish, and just meat, he must have it.
Could I tell you the exact name of our favorites? No clue - but I could describe it:
shrimp dumplings, some shrimp dumpling with green stuff in it (chives maybe?), shrimp ball with a sugar cane in it, har gow (I goggled this so that IS the actual name). For my hubs, he loooooooves the BBQ pork buns and the sticky pork buns!

Needless to say, we do not share what we order and after coming to Orchids Garden  over 4 times, we have the place down to a science.

#1 Come early. I have never been to this place on a week day and I have never been to the place over an hour from it's opening time. I read the reviews of the place, and I immediately learned that I don't think I would enjoy it as much in the middle of the week or for a late lunch. I have already noticed the difference between their Sunday service and their Saturday and have learned from friends' experiences - Sunday morning is the best time to go.

#2 don't order anything from a person who's cart is almost empty. The cart ladies work hard and if most of the stuff is gone from the cart, it's safe to assume that they've been around the block a few times. I have made the mistake and had lukewarm shrimp balls and no- they are not good.

#3 A friend of mine had said they had a bad experience because almost every minute someone stopped by their table with cart asking if they wanted something. I think he was complaining that it was hard to have a conversation when they were being interrupted repeatedly. My advice to my friend was - don't go to dim sum then. Dim sum is all about the food. In my opinion, the expectations should be a variety of hot food readily available to you when you sit down. It's not about how friendly the lady pushing the cart is, or how many times you were bothered after you were clearly full.

I am a regular at Orchids Garden because of it's easy-to-get-to location, consistency of food quality, and most of all - the price. Plus, our water glasses are always full, the bathrooms are clean, and we never have to wait to get our bill.

While there are plenty of great dim sum places around town (Ping Pang Pong to name one), Orchids Gardens is my go to spot for early afternoon cravings. It hasn't let me down once.
Dim sum all day long. We need a place like this in L.A.
The Dim Sum here are bad. Everything was salty and bland. Need I say more? Vegas really needs a good Dim Sum place.
Not exactly the best dim sum I have ever had, but not horrible either.  I do like that if I crave dim sum for dinner that this place serves it all day!  Also, the staff is really friendly.  When we wanted something on the menu that wasn't on the carts the waitress brought it out for us.   They were pretty efficient with service without being pushy to get you in and out.
This is always the dimsum place my uncle takes me to get dimsum when i am in Vegas for vacation . This place is always crowded when I go. Theres not that many choices of food to choose from. And the waiters come by the table with the same exact food over and over even though i just said no. But over all its pretty good food.
For an all day dimsum in Las Vegas this is a must try. The carts are always moving. There is various types of good dimsum that they offer: chicken feet, Chinese broccoli, dumplings and more. This is a must try place!

Sometimes if you are waiting for one of the items though it takes them awhile.

The service is ok.
Dim Sum served all day?!? Yes please!!! If only other dim sum locations did this, I would be in heaven! Since I sure do love my Asian food, and sometimes wish I can have dim sum later on in the day. Been to Orchids on two occasions, one was for a wedding at night with typical Chinese banquet wedding food, and the other was for a dim sum breakfast. Service was decent, the wedding food was average, but the dim sum was slightly above average. Four stars because it's served all day.
good selection
I love dimsum & this place is my go-to dimsum restaurant. I believe it's all day dimsum which I appreciate because my cravings varies & when I want it, I gotta have it, no matter what time. LOL.

I enjoy their Shumai, "Manapuas" (Both white & brown bread), Short Ribs, etc! 

It's probably not the best place to get dimsum but I end up coming here all the time. Unless I find another dimsum place to fall in love with, my heart is with Orchids Garden!
Food was fast as hell. All the ones they brought out was amazing. 

One of the servers reached across the table to give me some food, that wasn't good. But the rest of the servers were cool. Didn't understand a word they said, but I just looked at the food and pointed at the ones I wanted. 

The environment was cool. Nice and spacey. 

Best thing about this place is that u don't have to wait for your food to come.
Picked up take out with different options to make everyone happy. I picked this place because I love dim sum, reviews said they were good, and have been searching for good dim sum since I left the east coast. I really want simple vegetable steamed dumplings with soy sauce. No such luck, although I thought this was a common item. I picked something with pork. It was ok. Different. But not that great. Got sesame chicken and moo shu pork. The sesame chicken was like breaded chicken nuggets in sesame oil. No seasoning and no flavor. Just oily. And no vegetables. Most places at home do it with broccoli, and one with cabbage. Not this time. The moo shu smelled and tasted like fish. Not sure if they actually use fish paste with moo shu pork or just used a dirty pot that was last used for fish. The wraps were flour instead of rice. Either way I paid about $10 more than average and was very disappointed. Would have been better to go to panda express.
Orchids serves dim sum all day. It was a disappointment. We were there around 8 pm.  Everything we had was cold and old. They should just stick with dim sum in the afternoon just like other dim sum restaurants.
We came for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon using a $30 RJ Deals coupon.   They were located on W Sahara Ave between S Jones Blvd and S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.  
The restaurant was very crowded.  When we have come before, there have only been a few other parties.

We ordered the Chinese Broccoli, Fried Calamari, Chive Dumplings, Steamed Spare Ribs, Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper, Deep-fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings,  Chinese Tamales, and Baked Sweet Cream Buns.

See my previous two reviews for details on each item.  This was the first time I had the Fried Calamari.  The breading was heavy and once it got cold, it didn't taste very good.

We asked for the Shark Fin Dumplings several times and the gals kept on saying "Later".  I did not see the Sticky Fried Rice either.

My favorite item was the Baked Sweet Cream Buns.  I would order them every time.

We will be back.
My wife and I LOVE this place.

The food is delicious and remarkably affordable!  I haven't been to any other dimsum restaurant here in Vegas, so I can't compare to others, but this once is delicious.

They have a good variety of dishes.  I love the stuffed taro, the baked and steamed pork shumai, the chow mein, the chinese broccoli...  I love it all.

The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because of the service, not the food.

Often you have to wave someone down to get them to refill your drink. Also, some times I will request a dish and they just never bring it by for us.  

Besides those minor details, this is a great place to dine!

*Can't review the regular menu because we also get the dimsum.
I'm 100% Chinese, from Taiwan to Irvine to San Francisco and have had my share of yummy Dim Sum. Since moving to LV,Orchid Garden is the best Dim Sum I've had in the past two years. The service was quick and had lots of variety of dishes. I tried the radish cakes, suimai, bbq pork buns, hai gao and got so full I had to take the rest home. Authentic and flavorful. My new go to place when I'm craving Dim Sum!
Good food...but won't return because they sell shark fin items. And I don't believe in finning a shark and because I don't know how it was harvested (properly or not) I won't be returning to eat there.
I've been here about 4 times and I pretty much know what I like and don't like here.  

The Baked Cream Buns are a must.  Everything else is average or I know what not to order.

We asked for the Steamed Spare Ribs and finally got 2 orders delivered to our table.

I never saw the Sweet Sticky Rice come by, but  I suppose we could have special ordered it.

We ordered the Chinese Broccoli, Chive Dumplings, Steamed Spare Ribs, Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shark Fin Dumplings, Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper, Shrimp Paste in Eggplant, Sticky Sweet Rice in Lotus Leaf, Taro Balls, Sesame Seed Balls, and Baked Sweet Cream Buns.

We will be back.
Came here after a long crazy Vegas weekend and it was the best meal to have before the long ride back to San Diego. I love dimsum and this place did not disappoint. It had all the basic dimsum plates and it is a big restaurant to seat big families and groups. We had great service and I really enjoyed eating here! I hope to come back next time when I am in Vegas!
I love dim sum and this is the best place to get it, here in Vegas! The only thing is, the ladies are non-stop! Haha it can be a good thing or a bad thing. But none the less their food is amazingly tasty, and fresh! And OMG! You have to, have to try their baked pork buns!! So warm and fresh! I must say it was my favorite! I actually wanted to get some kind of dessert but these bad boys were calling my name! I had to get them! Though I was still kind of hungry I wanted to stop so I would have room for some dessert. So instead I chose these. So sweet and savory! I'm gonna have dreams about them now. :)
They do seem to have dim sum all day.  It was good.  Not spectacular, but what I'd call workmanlike dim sum.  Also, being well off the strip, it's easy to get to and easy to park.

I didn't get the feeling of being an unwelcome obstruction that some dim sum places exude.  It's a little hard to appreciate a dim sum place when you're there solo, so maybe they deserve another star.  Too bad there's no 3 1/2 rating....
For good dim sum in Las Vegas, you probably won't find a much better place than Orchids Garden.  Because of their all day dim sum dining, the place is steadily busy!

We finally decided to try Orchids Garden because we kept hearing about it.  There are a ton of places on Spring Mountain that cater to the dim sum crowd but Orchids Garden off of Sahara kept coming up.  Off to dim sum we go!

The lady and I went on a Saturday for lunch time and it was no joke, the restaurant was full!  There were people shouting and whistling as carts full of wonderful dim sum were whizzing around the dining area.  There was steam and foul-sounding 
Chinese language everywhere!  Definitely nice to see the hustle and bustle.  Gotta get your dim sum order in before the cart runs out and you have to wait!

After being seated we were given a regular restaurant menu and the dim sum menu.  It was a nice touch, prices were given in categories, and pictures were used for the various dim sum to make it easier for patrons who are not familiar with the art of dumplings.  I've watched dim sum making before, and damn, it truly is an art because you gotta be patient and be able to put out quality dim sum in almost no time flat.  Oh my aching hands!

Orchids Garden dim sum is fairly priced.  Still a bit more than dim sum from places like Cali, but not bad for Vegas standards.  All dim sum dishes range from around $2 - $6 area, and there is something for just about everyone.  Me?  I love sticking to the cheap, cheap, cheap end of the dim sum spectrum.  I think all dim sum should be cheap!  It's supposed to be akin to street food!  Who the heck wants to pay $6 for friggin' Chinese broccoli?  I don't.  Some of our faves:

-Steamed chicken feet (love it)
-Steamed BBQ pork bun
-Pan fried daikon cake
-Baked BBQ pork bun (yummy)
-Shrimp har gow
-Pan fried chives dumpling (chive-y)
-Beef in rice noodle
-Mushroom shiu mai

The chicken feet here are fantastic!  Sticky, fatty, and delicious with a bowl of hot white rice.  We employ multiple orders of this whenever we go.  I am also a big fan of the chives dumpling since I am an onion lover.  Each of the dim sum above is in the $2 - $4 range for each serving.  Not too cheap but not so expensive it breaks the bank.  I've had better dim sum in other places but I think for Las Vegas it is pretty good.  Not to mention, dim sum all day?  It appeals to a lot of (drunk @$$)people here.  

I've seen the restaurant menu but have yet to try anything off of it.  But it does have a massive amount of choices which is good.  But for now, dim sum me up...baby!

Verdict?  Orchids Garden is a good spot for some decent dim sum.  They are fast, effective, and your dim sum comes out nice and steamy.  Service for us was OK, although some folks say the service can be a bit rude.  But then again, Chinese restaurants aren't always known for having the best service.  So the next time you have a dim sum craving and can't decide where to go, give Orchids Garden a try.  Just remember, it's off of Sahara and not Spring Mountain!
Not bad dim sum at all. Went to this place for dinner. Not a fancy dim sum place but if you're hungry and craving for cantonese food this restaurant will do it!

Service was ok and carts came pretty fast as we sat down, especially since the place wasn't packed.
One of the best dim sum in Vegas, good prices and friendly service, can't beat dim sum all day!
I honestly think the best dim sum in the world. You must try the sticky rice, crab balls and shrimp balls. Scrumptious!
Excellent dim sum.
Four people, no liquor, tip included $85.
Food excellent. Service excellent. Ambiance loud but my father always told me "if the locals (Orientals) eat there, the restaurant must be good".

Please take note of the free, monthly emailed Newsletter:
OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS IN LAS VEGAS.
by Bill Mandel (billhere), Publisher.

You will be notified of the new things that are opening in 
Las Vegas and yes, even the things that are closing. 

No hype just honest reporting. NO ads and did I say it's FREE.
We are in our 16th year of publication.
Welcome to Vegas.

TO JOIN, JUST GO ON THE INTERNET TO:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
www.lvopenings.com
First visit and I was not sure what to expect.  Was not to sure what this whole dim sum thing was about only that it was small portions that came to you on carts and you just picked what you wanted. Went with 2 girlfriends from school and we were hungry. We ended up getting 9 plates to share. It did not seem like a lot of food because everything came in 3s. Three small potstickers, three small pork balls, three small this, and that. Well we were so wrong.    After eating all the different things we had to be rolled out of there. 

Place was good, only problem is you don't know how much things cost when they are wheeling them around. They ask if you want it, you say yes, they give it to you then they take a stamp and place it on A,B,C etc.  at the end they take your ticket and bring you back your bill with the price. Everything in Chinese except the dollar amount. 

I would go back and give it another try. Like I said food was good. It was kept hog and fresh.
Dim sum is served hot and tasty and the carts just keep coming and the women are assertive and try to get you to order the dishes off the cart!  Must better experience this time around
Meh. For me, nothing special. Dimsum items: Shumai was good. Calamari was not good. The shrimp rice noodle was disappointing. Edible but blah! Menu items: noodles and lobster were good. 

Overall, I think it's 2 to 3 star rating. I'm giving it a 3 since I wasn't able to try their other dimsum items. I'll probably come back but not anytime soon.
The restaurant is a little far  from China town. I came here for yum cha. Its is very delicious w/ decent price but has too much MSG that my friend had major headache (he is allergy to MSG).
came on a sunday for dimsum about 11:30 and had a small wait maybe 5-10mins. but by the time we finished there was a pretty big crowd waiting for seating. the carts seemed to be speeding off somewhere and never wanting to stop at each table which i thought was really weird. i had to literally holler for them to stop. between 6 of us, we had maybe 17 dishes or so and the bill was 70 with tips! fairly reasonable. the tendon and chow fun was one of our faves. most of the other dishes were satisfying enough but lacked flavor that we have in NY.
I came here based on the recommendation of a non-Chinese friend - yes my bad !  It was packed but not with Cantonese like at the other famous dim sum in Vegas at Rio - it's probably the worst dim sum I have ever eaten. Shrimp Dumpling () no flavor and the skin literally fell apart , chicken feet were bland and no trace of black bean , seasoning or anything just drowned in oily sludge, cold and flavorless egg tart , I left most of the food I ordered - nothing going by on the trolley looked appetizing - my guess is this place has a reputation with the local Filipino and Caucasian community and its days are past. The prices at KJ Seafood at Rio are no different and the selection is much better and well prepared not to mention clean and modern environment more like what you would find in Hong Kong .  I guess the all day dimsum is even worse because I came at prime time for dim sum on Saturday at 2pm.
Most of the Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas serving dim-sum are pretty good.
Quality at most of them seems to never quite constant. I was told many of the dim-sum chefs do not stay at one place too long; or staying in Las Vegas too long (too much temptation from gambling).
We like the Orchids Garden because they serve dim-sum all day.
Wish they would fit the parking lot at the back.
Pretty busy when we came but we didn't have to wait long. My gf ordered a coffee and said it tasted like crap so she asked for another one. The food was good and the same as other dim sum places I have been to in LA. Prices are reasonable also.
For those of you that think this place serves great dim sum: you need to know that dim sum is suppose to be served warm. We ordered about 8 dishes that are suppose to be warm, but not a single one was served any better than lukewarm.
I came here for dimsum. My friend loves this place so I tried... 3 times. I want to like this place but quality is just not there. Oil tasted stale, steam are ok. I will not go back again, or recommend. I am done!
The good thing about Orchids Garden is that they serve dim sum all day. The food is pretty good but I can't say it's my favorite place for dim sum.

What's good about dim sum is that each dish is inexpensive and you can sample a variety of food. I always get Chinese broccoli, shumai, BBQ pork buns, stir-fried noodles, shrimp wontons, shrimp balls, minced meat balls, sesame balls...and whatever balls they have. These are my favorites and what I would normally get at any restaurant that serves dim sum. Their shrimp wontons aren't the best. 

Now, what really turns me off with this place is that they nuke their food in the microwave. I love roast pork and that's just one of the best examples of food they microwave. The meat is warm but the skin gets chewy, no crisp and just unenjoyable.

The key to a good Chinese restaurant is the service. If the servers speak good English and are friendly, go somewhere else!
Not to bad, I may think about going back to this place. The only item that tasted a little foul was the calamari.
Good food, clean restaurant, attentive service. Dim Sum all day, nice. First time I had chicken feet and it was really delicious. If you have had dim sum at San Francisco's Ton Kiang, the dim sum will taste average to good.
Had Dim Sum in Hong Kong, drove by here and had to stop in. Ordered Shumai, BBQ pork buns (both baked and steamed), and various other dishes and all were excellent. 

The taro and the baked pork buns were really wonderful. You order from carts, and it is a fun, delicious way to have lunch. 

The staff was friendly and service was very good.
There are probably four dedicated dim sum joints in Vegas now, after visiting the other three, this was the only left I have yet to try.  We arrived about noon and seated rather quickly despite the whole dining room being full of people.

The dim sum quality was a bit disappointing for Vegas standard.  Shu Mai was very gross with just pork inside.  Rice Rolls were ok.  Fruit Tart and Coconut Buns were conceptually interesting. Chicken Feets were too saucy. Xiaolongbao, cannot expect much from non-Shanghainese joint.  Everything else was at par.  The dim sum ladies were very aggressive in selling their items, almost like a 5 minutes repeating cycle asking to get something without realizing our table was already full.

Orchid Garden was ok neighborhood dim sum joint, and I suppose the locals would visit here more often due to the logistic and distance away the tourist crowd near the Strip.
I have eaten here twice and it is so good. I love this place and trying all of the delicious foods that come around. Their shrimp dumplings are something magical, I can't get enough of them. The steam buns are perfectly chewy and sweet and the meat inside is flavorful. The service was on point, almost too on point... They are always there to swap your empty plates with steaming, hot goodness in no time making for a very filling experience. I can't wait to bring more people here.
We were told to go here for Dim Sum because they serve it all day long.  Yes this is true, but I hope to never have the "pleasure" of having their food again.  Nothing was fresh, many things were still frozen on the inside and our table was dirty.

On top of everything else if it were really a great financial deal I would still tell people to go here and get a cheap meal, but it cost as much as our favorite dim sum spot does who has exceptional food.  BIG hint, there weren't any Asian clientele.  They definitely cater to an American client who doesn't know better.

This is a definite pass for us.
This place is awful I don't know why the ratings are so high. The service is bad. The food is filled with MSG. My lips are burning as I finished my food. All their offerings are nothing special. The food is not high-quality. Nothing else to comment except don't go here.
Great, fast Dim Sum!  We got here at about 6:00 on a Sunday and I was a little concerned that they would be out of some of my favorites but they had everything. It was all really fresh and delicious!  The cart ladies were really friendly and helpful and came around many times. 

We had:
Steamed BBQ pork bun
Deep fried meat ball
Steamed pork shiu Mai
Shrimp pasted bell pepper
Chow mein
Calamari
Baked sweet cream bun

My favorites were the BBQ pork bun, shui mai and the cream bun but really everything was amazing. 

Our total with hot tea and water to drink was $ 28!  A deal for two people to eat until we almost burst. We will definitely be back!!
My wife and I decided to try this place out for lunch.   We are originally from Hawaii and to find a place that does DIM SUM for lunch in Vegas is worth a try.   All the items delivered to the table were hot and fresh, however we were kind of turned off by the aggressive waitresses.   The circle the room and despite your table being full of plates, they still try to push more food on you.   Can't say this is the best we have had , because we have had much better.  VERY PRICEY, we will not be going back.  Overall ok but not worth the price.
We always eat here everytime we.visit Las Vegas. Great dim sum, reasonable price. Service is great. No wonder it is packed. wil definitely come again.
This place is garbage! The dim sum is cold and the taro taste like ammonia. Stay away from this restaurant.
Good dim sum. They fill a need quite well.  Them carts came around so often, we had to wave them off almost as many times.  

No msg headache here.  Monkey shall return for all the usuals.  Dim Sum served all day, so no big rush, so long as you are hungry.
This was the first and only all dim sum place I've been to in Vegas and have been really lazy to venture out into something else. It's opened 24 hours and parking isn't horrible, but can sometimes get packed during weekend afternoons. Sometimes guests are turned off by the aggressive nature of the people handling the carts, but I completely get it, it's their job. I just smile and say "no thank you".  The dining room is huge, so even if there is a long wait, the wait isn't so bad. My favorite items are the BBQ pork buns, custard buns for dessert and the fried shrimp dim sum that you can completely engulf in the yummy mayo sauce they have. They do have a regular menu you can order off of too, if dim sum isn't your thing. If anyone has any other good dim sum recommendations in the Vegas area, please let me know :D
Meh. Okay food. Three stars because I was hugely disgusted by my water. Check then picture I added.
We live in Vegas part of the year and this is our fave for dim sum, great taste, great price, great service.  And of course, food arrives right as you sit down, which is awesome when you are hungry.
I like their chicken feet a lot. It melts in your mouth. The place itself is not so great but the dimsum is good enough but not exactly great.
Very good and affordable. The food is filling and their dimsum is the best. We'll definitely come back. :)
Dim sum served all day? Yes! Get in my belly!! This was my fist time that I've had dim sum served from the cart. I know I know that's odd especially since I've only eaten dim sum in Cali. But when I had dim sum, it was the type where you ordered what you wanted by marking it on a piece of paper. I seriously felt like a glutton. I came here with my cousin and her family and I think they were secretly making fun of me because I wanted everything! The lady would come by and I would grab everything from the cart! Hey for my first time at this place, I wanted to try it all! The list of the few items I didn't like is shorter than what I did. I can't remember the names off the top of my head but I do remember that the crab wontons and their mayonnaise sauce was to die for!
Nice Prices, Good Food, Okay Service...It was a nice place to have brunch at with my girls. It was new to me. Dim Sum was awesome and all the other foods were good. I would go back again.
So far this is my favorite dim sum place. Service is good and fast. Carts keep coming!
I've been coming here for Dim Sum for as long as I can remember. I always come for the Pan Fried Chive Dumpling, my favorite of all time. They give you a dim sum menu so you know what everything is or you can tell the ladies what you want & they'll send the cart over. They still come around anyway. If you don't see what you were looking for in the menu just ask. Some items are made to order. I just learned that actually on my last visit. You can also order from the regular menu if you want. The hot tea is good too.
This place is so awesome. It has yummy food and it is a great place to be able to hang out with friends. The carts are always coming and I love the atmosphere. ^o^
They serve the best pineapple buns in town! "Balo Bao" is small little baked buns with a yellow top crust. Their's is filled with a custard and are soooo yummy! The rest of the dim sum is pretty average. Expect a wait on the weekends if you come between 11:30 and 1pm.

Fun place to bring a group of 4 or more. 6 to 8 people is ideal so you can try a bunch of different things. They also do a good Chow Fun that's "sup chow" AKA wet.  I know that doesn't mean a lot to most.... but if you get what I'm sayin' ... it's good.
Great dim sum.  I don't get here as often as I'd like,  but it's a solid place to go.
The food wss average, portions small, service was goodprice was reasonable . I did like  beef chow fun .we did not have to wait
I love coming here for dimsum. They have a great staff and the food is great. The prices are not bad niether about $80 for 11 people you can't beat that. I would definatly reccomend this place
This is definitely a study in chaos. It took about ten minutes to get a table. We were hungry. My husband delighted in the pork buns, which had a delightful maple accent. I found them a tad sweet. The steamed chive dumplings were wonderfully savory. I found the calamari a bit greasy and off putting. The duck was tender, but not outstanding. The skin lacked that extra crisp texture. The shumai were fantastic. 

Perhaps I'm being elitist, but I don't understand how any restaurant worth it's salt can't have fresh ground pepper.

Look for the full, hot, steaming carts. Few items=old and cold.

The service was what you would expect for dim sum. If you're looking for something more than descriptive, go elsewhere. The service is fast and the food is plentiful. Don't be afraid to say no, or you'll risk over ordering.

Definitely a place I'll check out again.
The food is still ok.. Not as good as it used to be about a year back.. Waitress have no manners and are grumpy...
We were driving down the street the other night and saw this beautiful building with a lot of cars in the parking lot. So we stopped and grabbed a bite. The dining area is very large, I was quite surprised. They do Dim Sum all day, which is awesome. The ladies who go around to the tables know what is in each of the dishes too. That's unusual for some of the places I've been. 
We ordered egg rolls, shrimp in lobster sauce, sweet & sour chicken & chicken fried rice. The egg rolls were good, nothing to write home about which is sometimes a good thing. The shrimp in lobster sauce was a little more soupy than we expected, but it was a new dish to us so it was worth a try. The sweet & sour chicken, though, was AMAZING. I have NEVER had such tender chicken in my life. I seriously asked the waiter if this was really chicken. He laughed & said yes. I was completely blown away by how delicious this dish was. For that matter alone, I would go and will go back again. 

Great service, amazing sweet & sour chicken & Dim Sum all day! Plus it's 5 minutes it from my house. Gets a good review in my book!
Loved it. Good service, a lot of carts coming through. Decent selection, although that could be better but everything I had was really good. The cost is reasonable too, two of us ate until we couldn't eat any more and it was about $35. Very busy in there so there is a lot of turn over of food and tables = freshness. I had the cream bun for dessert which was excellent, crusty on the outside but soft and creamy sweet goodness on the inside. Also, had the bbq steamed bun, chinese broccoli, eggplant, shrimp balls and a number of other things that I can't remember but everything we had was great.
Went here with family. 
Very busy restaurant, the food was decent, nothing special.
Customer service was ok, some were rude.
Pineapple buns are bomb!
The parking sucked.
We always see the commercial at TFC and intrigued by this whole day dim sum spot so we gave it a try. Decor and ambience is your average Chinese restaurant.  We were seated right away and immediately served by one of the carts. In addition to the typical dim sum offerings, we were Pleasantly surprised that they have chow mein, steamed clams and shark's fin siomai. Disappointed that they don't have the fried seaweed roll and they don't automaticAlly serve the mustard/chili combo sauce. Towards the middle of our meal, my friend was speechless and immobilized as a small cockroach started walking across the table in front of her, it was small and didn't touch the food, but it's still a cockroach!! It made us wonder if the dining area has cockroach, how about tHe kitchen full of food?  We don't know if we're coming back.
If you've ever read my reviews or know me in real life, you would know that I value consistency. And it's exactly this that saves Orchid Garden from all of its downfalls.

Weak tea and decent food. Sometimes the carts take forever to make it back to you but some carts seem to stop by every 5 minutes. It's always the ones we want that never seem to come around.

The service is pretty good though, and the hosts and cart ladies are always attentive and err on the friendly side, despite the fact that I am Chinese and cannot speak it (which is apparently a sin). Prices are also attractive, especially for a light lunch or for those who don't prefer to stuff themselves senseless.

Any dishes with noodles (such as the big fat ones with shrimp inside) are okay - not the softest but still satisfies my craving. Harkow and shumai is decent as well. I always like getting beef tendon, egg tarts, and this crispy fluffy taro bun.

I've never had to wait but the majority of tables in the wide-open eating space is occupied. Of course, my favorite aspect of Orchids is the consistency. Every time I've been there, I know what to expect and it's great for when I crave dim sum that won't hurt my wallet. Good location and ample parking as well.
I think this is Vegas' go-to place for Dim-Sum. They serve dim-sum all the live long day and it's alright. But come to think of it, all of the dim-sum I've ever had in Vegas has just been ALRIGHT. If you know of a place that has 'exquisite' dim-sum in Vegas, let me know!....................

Orchid's Garden is a huge building that is almost ALWAYS packed on the weekends. The rolling of the silver carts and cute little Chinese ladies yelling all sorts of things is the norm and without it, the dim-sum experience would suck. They're consistent and have about every dim-sum dish you can think of.
Not too familiar with dim sum, but overall I tought it was worthy of 4 stars.  It's a good value proposition, felt authentic, but the quality of the food could be a little better.
Four of us are plenty withy left overs for $55.
"Shout out to the Asian girls. Let the lights dim sum."

If you got a fancy for Chinese food and are extremely hungry definitely check this spot out.

I don't really have high expectations for Chinese restaurants so this one is no exception. I've ate here twice and left both times with a belly full of food.

I was never a fan of duck, but became one because of this place. I also need to add my love for shumai. If you don't have high expectations of a restaurant just give this place a shot.
My Sunday church.

The only dimsum I kinda go to in Vegas. It gets busy on Sundays. That's when everything is made fresh. So many people coming in, therefore, they need to keep making food.

I've never gotten sick form their food. But I've heard of stories. People just need to man up with their immune system.

Service is aighhhttt. Expect to not understand what they're giving you. Ha. All you have to do is point and eat. Parking does get itchy with a B on weekends. Cause that's when everyone shows up.

If you're hungover, this is your must stop.
Rarely do I give a 4 star but I had a good experience here. Quick, efficient service. Quality food, decent price. Definitely would come back again!!
I am a dim sum fan and this is the best in town.  The carts come out quickly and often (almost too often) but the dumplings are the tastiest.  The duck is yummy too.
If you're in need of a dumpling fix, PLEASE do check this place out. It's a definite must for dim sum!! You never have to worry about waiting for food because the steaming carts come around consistently. Some higly recommended dishes would be pork shiu mai, shrimp har gow, spinach dumpling and bbq pork bun. The dim sum selection is pretty wide-ranging and includes just about everything you'd expect. Ofcourse,  specializing in the Cantonese classics. As for dessert, the sweet cream bun is an absolute fav. ! These homemade steamed buns are soft and tender with just the right amount of sweetness. Not only is this restaurant affordable but their food is top quality.
We went around 6ish. ....Some of the food was room temp.....Overall food was good BUT the workers there were so rude.....they are so snippy! ! We came in and ask for a booth since they weren't super busy yet they gave us the biggest attitude. ...and while dining I can feel them stare us down.....With that kinda service I usually don't come back but the food is pretty good so I'll come back for that
3.5 stars, rounding up to 4. Partially because, lets get real, there are limited dim sum options here in Las Vegas. I was introduced to dim sum when I lived in the Bay area, so my standards are a little higher than your average bear.

Came in for an early dinner at about 6PM.
Love how they have the cart ladies circulating around with goodies- so many places in SF simply have you order from the menu and only have carts on Sundays or lunch service. Here you can do carts and also order menu dishes if you want.

We got probably half the menu, including shrimp shu mai (tasty), shark dumplings (have to try), shrimp noodle roll (personal fave), fried shrimp ball (BF's fave), crab ball (star of the night, at $7/a pair), steamed pork bun (mediocre), chinese broccoli (must-have) and duck (which we didn't need at all but was tasty- especially with the sauce).

Made the mistake of ordering the soup dumplings, which they said would take 10 minutes- and we waited and waited and waited. And my eyes are bigger than my stomach, so I got steamed pork buns while I waited (way too sweet, did not even finish one).  The lady told us they were "coming right out" four times. Eventually it was a solid half hour to get our three soup dumplings- and they weren't very good, and only had about a sip of soup inside of them. Underwhelming, would not get again.

We spent just shy of $50, which is absurd for dim sum, but predictable for our over-ordering habits. It's probably also why we only have dim sum once every month or two. Dining room is nice, much larger than expected though you san see it's a large place from the outside. Service was friendly and attentive throughout, other than that ridiculous wait for the soup dumplings.
HOLY MOLY! I am still in shock that Las Vegas have such a delicious dim sum restaurant! Also they serve dim sum ALL DAY 10:30am-10:30pm!

I'm from SoCal and I've been to soooo many different places and different restaurant to eat dim sum: San Diego, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Mexico, China, Hong Kong, etc. But I have to say Orchids Garden is definitely one of the top dim sum restaurants that I have ever been to. There prices are reasonably and the proportions and good for the price we pay. The taste of the food is absolutely amazing and delicious. Full of flavor in every bite! I didn't get to try everything but I definitely got to try a lot of them that they served. I would say 80% of what we ordered, I enjoyed. 

My favorites:
- Steamed chicken feet 
- Pork shiu mai (must try!)
- Steamed beef balls
- Steamed beef ribs 
- Sweet tofu (the ginger doesn't overpower the sweetness flavor which I really like)

I would have given this place a 5 star but the service was horrible. The host gave me a number  and told us the wait was around 15 mins. After waiting for about 25-30 mins, we went to go check our number on the wait and the host completely forgot to write down our number before she gave it to us so she's been skipping us the entire time when we were right in front of her waiting for our table. Good thing we went up to her to check and she sat us immediately right after. After being seated, we waited another 15 mins and I got really upset so my friend and I had to get up and tell the lady cleaning the table next to us if she can bring us some carts because we've been waiting for so long. She was very understanding and went to go get a cart and we went crazy and got at least 8-10 dishes at once hahaha. Even though the service was bad, this place still deserves a good review. I honestly can't wait to come back to vegas and go eat here again!
Surprised to find a dim sum place this good in Vegas. I might be rating it too high because we currently live in a small town with no dim sum options, but we were very happy both times that we came here on consecutive visits.
I have to agree with my friends, Ms. Stefany and Phillip T.

"The options for Dim Sum are limted in Las Vegas".  This as good as you are going to find for Dim Sum in Las Vegas. 

Unlike Cathy House, and other Chinese establishments in Las Vegas, the Dim Sum is prepared throughout the day, so you will get fresh, and not reheated, Dim Sum when the carts come around.

I always do the Dim Sum. My wife used to order Chinese entrees, until she finally realized they were not that good, and switched back to Dim Sum. 

The place is large, and at lunch time, very loud. Dinner is a little less hectic.

Service is on the slow side. In the Asian tradition, don't be affraid to raise your voice to get service at your table, or they may ignore you. 

They don't expect much of a tip, and don't appreciate a generous tip. Many of the Chinese patrons dont' tip; it's a cultural thing. 

If you are on a date, and want to impress someone with your knowledge for "off the strip" or "local" places, or simply to introduce some one to Dim Sum, this is a decent bet.

If you are thinking of impressing someone with atmosphere, and deep conversation, go to Tao, a Rich Man's PF Chang's.
Fast and friendly service. The Dim Sum are very tasty. May favorite was the Fried Meatball, i was caught by surprised that the outside of it was made with mochi mmmmm! The Thai tea was also delicious.
Our party of 3  stopped for a late lunch on a Saturday.  Everything was fresh and well prepared.  The carts came around often and there was a large selection. The only negative was that some of the workers pushing the carts were almost impossible to understand when explaining what they had to offer.  We spent a lot of time saying "What?"
This place is a notch below OK. We've been so spoiled with many delicious Dim Sum places in California, so we're extra picky. 

My party of 4 was quickly seated on a Saturday afternoon. The carts had a good selection of everything we typically order. 

Chicken feet
Pork spareribs 
Shrimp har gow
Pork shumai 
Fried Taro cake
Fried Pork and shrimp wontons
Fried shrimp balls on crab claws
Rice noodles rolls with shrimp (banh uot tom)
Bbq pork bun
Chinese broccoli (cai lan)
Congee (chao)

Everything tasted average, and some dishes lacked the finesse and flavor that we're used to from the CA dim sum houses. 

The rice noodle rolls with shrimp weren't that great. It's upsetting since this is my absolute favorite dim sum dish. The noodle rolls were too dense. Also, sweet soy sauce was lacking flavor, it tasted watered down. 

The bbq pork buns had a tiny bit of bbq pork filling, it was mostly bread.

The fried taro cake was greasier than it should of been.
Coming from San Diego, dim sum sucks down here. But oh my god, little did I know that this tiny dim sum place I found in Vegas would be so good!!! Best dim sum experience I've ever had and I plan to come here to get dim sum every time I come to Vegas :)

Not only are there good dim sum here, it is so cheap as well!! AND they serve dim sum all day!!!! I recommend people to come here around 1ish after big wave of people have died down. The parking lot is also really big so no worries about trying to find parking! Also it is away from the strip so the wait is not long at all!

Like any dim sum place, getting a seat is easy but getting the attention of the dim sum cart ladies are so difficult :( After a while of waiting I got impatient so asked the manager to see where the carts were at. She immediately brought the carts over herself and served us right away. Great customer service!!! I really appreciated that and boy my group ordered half from that cart!

The quality of all of the dim sum were really good and definitely satisfied my cravings. ^_^ I will be seeing you soon when I'm in Vegas!!!

I recommend:
- Chicken Feet
- Steamed BBQ Pork Bun
- Shrimp Har Gow
- Mushroom Shiu Mai
- Pork Shiu Mai
- Sweet Tofu
- JUST TRY ANYTHING YOU SEE its so good!!!
Took a friend of mine to experience dim sum for the first time and we came here because of proximity to a car dealership. I informed my friend that dim sum is a combination of Cantonese fast food except them come to your table in carts and each server tries their best to sell you what is comparable to "Tapas or appetizers." I pick the traditional dishes and guess what my friend chose? He picks out "Chicken Feet," brave soul! Anyways the food is average, the portions are smaller than East Ocean and it's a little pricey. But I've got to give it props because when I looked around my friend was the only Caucasian in the room which means many Asians really like this place. Overall it's not a bad place.
This is the second time I've ever tried this restaurant. The first time was roughly around 16 years ago when I was small child. I didn't remember much except that we didn't get sick. (Insert drumroll here! )

So I tried it out again with my mother today and I have to say the food was not bad. It was a typical Chinese restaurant but definitely a couple steps higher than the Chinese buffet. I had the chicken chow mein which was rather salty but pretty good. My mother had the moo goo gai pan which was decent. 
The service definitely was bad to say the least. I understand that we're right at the edge of Chinatown, however there was an entire staff that had a giant language barrier with me and my mother. After being in business all these years in America, you would think that the English would be getting a little bit better and better. Not so much. We sat down to eat ordered our food and then they brought it out in a to go box. Maybe they were trying to gives a hint to leave? Maybe because I had my 18-month-old son with me and they were dreading having to clean up after him? Honestly whatever the reason was they didn't get that we were there to dying in considering they set us we placed our order. They then brought our food which was lukewarm out to us to our plates to service and never refilled our water. When we get ready to pay we waited in line go to the cashier and realize that they just recently got a B rating from the health District. I wasn't that much of a happy camper.

There are many other amazing Chinese restaurants as well as Chinese fusion restaurants and Thai restaurants in town but I feel more comfortable eating at. I tried this place because it's a little relieved .1 miles from my house. But I don't think I'll be going here again.
The parents love this place, for its various dim sum selections at very reasonable prices!!  The restaurant is extremely packed during lunch hours on weekends but the table turnover rate is super high; so, if you have just 4-6 people in a party, you prolly just have to wait around 15 minutes to be seated.  Anyhoo, the dim sum is totally worth the wait!  

The four of us had a lot of dim sum (see pictures) of which all were delicious, and the bill came out to be only $47, including tax and tips already!  My most favorite dim sum was the fried taro puff pastry, inside which the taro paste was savory and velvety like melted, and the puff pastry was light and crispy!  I LOOOOVVVED IT!!
Had dim sum today 2/2/14.  Very good service today even though it was super busy.  All of the different food was good.
I really enjoy this place; their dim sum is pretty good, waiters are alright, and their food from the menu is decent. They're really fast with their service but you feel really rushed at the end like they need you to leave, even if there's barely anyone there and it's nowhere close to closing
BEST DIM SUM IN TOWN!! You get in quick good is great staff is friendly. Nothing better!!
Food was delicious. Service was meh some servers were great and some would look at me like I was crazy when I asked a question.  The food makes up for it though
Its hard to find dim sum in vegas when we tried it last weekend I find it ok. I enjoyed the chicken feet and thai tea. A little pricey for some of the food in the menu. We waited for the dim sum cart to come around and it wasn't that quick as everyone say. We will try this place again when we crave for it!
I gauge my ratings based on if I'd come back to an establishment or not. 1 star = HELL NO. 2 stars = No, thanks. 3 stars = maybe?. 4 stars = YEP. 5 stars = HELL YEAH! I give this dim sum place a 4 star, and I'd gladly come back when I'm on my usual visit to Vegas.

One of the better dim sum places I've been to; the only better ones are in the bay area. Service is usually mediocre at all dim sum places, but this one was better than others.  The food quality was great; it has everything that a usual dim sum place has.  I was also happy that they had thai tea, which tasted great.  Overall, I was content with the price and quality I received.

Good job, Orchids Garden.  Keep it up.
Keep coming back!!!!!!!!!!!

Always satisfied!
I cant leave vegas without eating here!

Love this place
Worth it!
Fast service!

:))
The servers are really attentive to their guests. Always asked if everything was okay, came by to pick up finished plates, refilled my water 10 times cause I drink like a camel, even entertained my neice for a bit and also when she got fussy she gave her a chopstick. I love how they treat their guests. The food though is okay.  But I believe in the restaurant business half of what makes it great is their service,  and that's what makes them successful.
Food here is great i love it. I have been coming here for the past year. I am finally writing a review because I have had it with their nasty service. Horrible horrible horrible! I understand they don't speak English. I ask for water, they JUST TURN AROUND. You ask for anything, they give you the dirty look and not respond to anything. AT THE VERY LEAST SAY YES OR NO!!! I'm sorry but your service is disgusting.
The best dim sum in Vegas. 'Nuff said. 

Tip: Go right when they open at 10:00am. Go with a big group of your friends. The dim sum is absolutely fresh and delicious and at its absolute best right when they open! The fresh warm custard pastry that looks like little pies is the best way to end your morning. Yum! 

Oh! And they have these square turnip cakes that I like to eat with my own mixed vinegar, soy sauce and a little pepper sauce for heat. Yum! Addictive! Of course they have all the standards too!
The food here is cheap and simple. If you are looking for some good Dim Sum this is the place to go.
Pretty good place. First time trying dim sum. The carts came out very fast.  Service was good &  so was the food. I wish I could've ordered more because everything looked good but I got full pretty fast. But shout out to the pork siomai...the best, it was so good! I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas =)
Dim sum...at night! i guess thats a big plus here but dont get it twisted folks the dim sum at night is very limited.. and i think sometimes they use old food from the morning so they dont waste anything.

i will say this place is reasonably priced and there is a couple things that i find very tasty here.. 

Chicken Feet (4/5)
Beef tendon (4/5) Both of these dishes are awesome and taste great. 

fried taro puffs my favorite thing (3/5 sometimes when you bite into this it leaves an iodine type smell that i find annoying sometimes)

Now SHUMAI AND HAR-GO ( also my favorites) i rate 2/5 they need some work in this area this is your go to items and they should shine

Tofu Fa( hot tofu sweet dessert or starter ) 4/5 this is pretty good here its perfectly sweet and the tofu is very smooth. the issue i have sometimes at places when they dont execute this dish is that the texture of the tofu is grainy so i tend not to finsih but here i do .

BEST THING ON THE MENU
( Baked Bbq pork Cha Su Bao) the sticky one 5/5 this is my favorite thing here its so tasty and they put this sticky glaze on it to finish the first bite of this dish is awesome and i always tend to order this to go or i stack my table with 3 orders and take the rest home. its a good leftover as well


This place is probably the most reliable as far as time because sometimes you crave dimsum at night and its not available but here you can get it
Very popular dim-sum place in Vegas. Esp. since its "Dim-Sum All Day". Been our dim-sum to-go spot until we had an unsanitary dinning experience here.. & honestly, would not be going back. Too disgusted! 

Me & my family were having dim sum for lunch when my sister lifted her silverware and napkin she found/ felt a live COCKROACH fall out onto the floor. Did not want to kill it until the manager saw that it was alive. Trapped it under plenty of napkins for the lady to see/kill it for herself. Had no appetite afterwards.. Had to wait for the food we had already ordered and refused to order anymore after we placed our first order. No manager came to speak or apologize to us. We were not acknowledged at all until we finally got our check and mentioned it to the lady at the register about it when we paid. Service was horrible & a clean & sanitary environment is important in the food industry!!!!
Great authentic Chinese food. If dim sum makes you uncertain they have a very comprehensive regular menu. Generals chicken, while basic, is full of flavor. 
Staff is excellent and very quick which is typical of legit Chinese establishments.
Craving dim sum? Unlike other Chinese restaurants who only serve dim sum in the AM, this place has got it all day. The carts keep coming, and there usually is no break in between them. Though some dishes are especially oily, it's mostly satisfying. They also have some of their entrees served in small portions on their dim sum carts. You don't even need to look at a menu. Always wash it down with hot tea!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(164/365) "Dim Sum All Day"

Long overdue update and upgrade!

Wifey and I joined Amelinda and Ruben for a Sunday Dim Sum Brunch. It was PACKED when we arrived, but luckily they were already seated. We dined family style grabbing our favorites like siu mai,  rice cakes, shrimp wontons, chicken feet and har gow. This was also our first time trying the Turnip Cakes and Chicken Roll.

Regardless of how busy they were, service was quick, efficient, and great. Every item we ordered was hot, and had its own distinct flavors. Still one of my favorite spots to get my dim sum fix.  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
Overpriced. Greasy. Not good.  What wasn't greasy was too salty. My first and last experience with dim sum. I would have rather set my hard earned $$ on fire.
They were shutdown due to too many health inspection demerits :(

http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Happys-Pizza-265623751.html?lc=Smart
Noisy, crowded, unorganized . Who cares! This is Vegas. Food is good. If you want tasty dimsum, this is the place.
Servers are friendly and organized. I would recommend the beef tripe/tendon, short ribs and for dessert the sweet tofu. Definitely a place to visit when in Vegas with the family.
The food has so much flavor, fresh and is one of my favorites. The service is good, and they serve the dim sum off carts and you pick out as much as you want.
I only eat one thing from dim sum carts, the steamed pork buns. These were ok, similar to the ones found in the frozen foods section at the supermarket. The food from the regular menu was nothing special either. For the price, I expected better.
I really don't know if the name of this restaurant is catchy or annoying???  I'll let you decide that.  If you have been to Gold Coast in the past couple years, you'll find that the casino has been trying to attract more and more Chinese tourists.  With Ping Pang Pong, they are able to offer the locals as well as the visitors a taste of the mother land.  That means this place serves authentic Chinese food.  We thought the amount of food for the price paid was not equal; however, even to us Asians the food was quite tasty.
Driving down Hwy 15 towards Vegas, there are just so many billboards advertising Ping Pang Pong's dim sum lunch. We were getting hungry and after about the 7th billboard, we decided that dim sum it is. We headed straight for the Gold Coast Hotel and luckily we still had about 50 mins before the dim sum ended at 3pm.

Ping Pang Pong might be a catchy name to entice Mid-Westerners into the establishment, but in Chinese, this place is actually called "Golden Ingot" -- a form of ancient Chinese currency. It is 'jin yuan bao" in Mandarin or "gum yuen bo" in Cantonese.

We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. After we were seated, the tea and water was promptly brought to the table. However, when it came time for the dim sum trolleys to come around, it took forever. We were starving. Surprisingly, when they did roll around, the quality of the dim sum was pretty good!! Much better than what we can get in Irvine. The chicken's feet was tasty, so were the har gow. In fact, the har gow were so good we got 2 orders. 

Service sucks shit and after I handed in our ticket to pay, the bill never got to us. After a while I got sick of waiting and walked up to the counter to pay. If service was good they would've gotten a full 5-stars because to find such great quality of dim sum in a hotel like this, is absolutely incredible.
With a name like Ping Pang Pong, you're not sure if you're headed to one of 'those' shows in Thailand or sitting down for some dim sum at a Chinese restaurant.  When in Vegas, it's the latter...at least in this case.

Seeing billboards all over town advertising their dim sum, I must admit, I was very hesitant.  I would even say I wanted not to like it.  But I did, believe or not.  Ping Pang Pong located in the Gold Coast Casino has some of the better dim sum I've tried in Vegas, and I've been to a few.

It's a smaller restaurant than the only ones I've tried (listed below) and you can watch the casino floor as you dine.

Saturday morning and we were seated rather quickly.  Quite a few Chinese people eating dim sum here as well, which is always a good sign.  They give you a menu with prices which is a bit unique for dim sum, but definitely helpful.  (Price ranges split into four categories for the most part - A plates are $2.18; B plates are $2.88; C plates are $3.88; and D plates are $5.88. ) Immediately after you're seated, the dim sum carts come your way.  If you can' t find what you're looking for, but it's on the menu, wave a server down and they'll order it for you.  

Ping Pang Pong has a surprisingly large selection of dim sum choices and it's pretty good.  Regular steamed dim sum range in the A and B categories.  They even had the elusive Shark Fin Dumpling ($5.88), but no Shanghai dumpling.  They also give you the bottle of red vinegar as opposed to the dinky little soy sauce dish amount.  The Shark Fin Dumpling had a nice mushroom broth too that was quite tasty and stood out.  They didn't have the Pineapple Custard bun that I love so much, but they had the plain Pineapple Bun ($2.18).  The BF especially loved their Macanese Egg Tarts ($3.88).  He hasn't had them since being in Macau and even had an order to go. 

They have a decent amount of 'cool sweets' in the B plates - Red Bean Pudding Cake, Chilled Mango and Pink Grapefruit Cocktail, Tapioca and Purple Rice Pudding, Lychee Pudding, etc.  'Warm' and 'hot sweets' range from A through C categories and include Baked Tapioca Green Tea Pudding, Steamed Egg White and Sweet Cream, Seared Water Chestnut Pudding Cake, Thousand Layer Cake, etc. 

Service was okay.  We did have to wave the servers down as only certain people can assist you with special orders while others only clear tables and push the carts.  

Prices weren't too expensive either and I would say it's moderately priced for a casino.  The only downfall would be if you came with a very large party.  It might take awhile to get seated if they are extremely busy.  

Nonetheless, looks like Ping Pang Pong might be where I'm headed when I want some dim sum in the desert.

Rankings for dim sum in Vegas thus far:
1) Ping Pang Pong
2) Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine
3) Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant
4) Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant
5) Cathay House Restaurant

Sidenote: When you ask for hot sauce, be sure to specify hot chili oil.  It'll be the good stuff instead of the red sauce with chili flakes.  Well, it's the good stuff I prefer with my dim sum.  And of course, hot yellow mustard too.

Updated! 06/10/07 - We returned again yesterday for dim sum and imagine my surprise when I saw pickled pig's feet being served!  This delicacy is usually only served after a woman gives birth.  A bunch of the older women relatives would come over and take over your kitchen while stewing up this stuff for you.  Once in awhile, I would wake up to this wonderful aroma when my mom felt the desire to make it.  I used to joke that I would have kids just to have people make this for me!  Now I can enjoy this vinegary fatty goodness anytime at Ping Pang Pong!  Yay!  For our party of five, it was about $100 with tip and tax.

Updated! 03/02/08 - Went to dim sum on Sunday...arrived around 2:35 pm and was reminded they closed at 3 pm.  We were fine with that and were quick to load our table with all the dim sum dishes we wanted.  The staff horded around our table asking if we wanted to make any final orders since the kitchen was closing up, and we said we were good.  With that, the check was presented to our table.  We continued eating and it wasn't long before the server reached across for the bill.  (I told her it wasn't taken care of yet.)  She pulled back in surprise and walked away.  She then returned to tell me they were closing out the register, so could we pay?  

I have been to other dim sum restaurants where you are 'allowed' to eat, despite the kitchen part closing.  It was pretty discouraging that they were so overanxious to get our money and to get rid of us.  The dim sum lady obviously hated her job 'cuz she was banging the little dishes around.   

Note to self: Don't bother going to PPP after 2:00 for dim sum, service is crap.  Food is okay though...but going downhill.  Seek other dim sum restaurants SOON!  I brought their star rating down from a four to a three!
I recently tried Ping Pang Pong and I must say it's my least favorite dim sum place in Vegas.  It barely qualifies as dim sum since the dining area is tiny, the only view is of slot machines, there are so few clients since it's so small that the food selection is nearly nil!!  Some of the food is brought on trays since there's barely room for the carts.

I took my wife and in-laws who were born and raised in mainland China and they agree it's nothing special compared to Orchid Gardens although they did like the chicken feet and congee they ate.  I couldn't come up with enough dishes to even eat so we bailed out after a couple of dishes and ate at the buffet instead!!  My wife commented that even the hot sauce was the cheap kind.  None of my favorite "ribs" and no Chinese broccoli in sight.  Prices were nothing special and it had zero atmosphere.  All this in spite of the fact that we know one of the servers.  I hate to say it but the service was also marginal.

As an example of my dim sum credentials we checked out two dim sum spots in San Francisco the week before.  How about dim sum for four people including duck for all of $12.50?  This was at the Oriental Tea House in San Leandro.  Great place and not just because the food was cheap.

Go to Orchid Gardens for dim sum.  Real atmosphere, great food selection and even friendly service!
With many of the good reviews I found prior to visiting Ping Pang Pong, I was severely disappointed.  Upon arrival, the long wait, approx 25 min, led me think that this was some place good.  All the good places have lines right?  There were also many other Chinese and other Asian people there which would also be another indicator.

When I sat down and started getting food, I was a bit disappointed.  Some of the food that should have been hot or at least warm was rather cool.  Not the best sign.  Some of the food was good, but having spent over decade in San Francisco and about four years about 10 miles east of Los Angeles, PPP could not compare to any except the lower quality restaurants that I've tried.

If you want a view, this is the wrong place to go because the casino is right outside the restaurant and that is all you see.
Despite the ridiculously belittling name (ching chang chong!), this place serves some great, authentic dim sum.  I've been to other places in town (Chang's, Orchid Garden, Cathay House) and this place beats them all! I would even compare it to some of the great dim sum places they have in Chinatown in San Francisco or Los Angeles. The classical dim sum dishes (pork buns, egg tarts, shui mei) all deliver, plus they have some other unique concoctions as well.

The ambiance is great too.  I love sitting in a crowded little dim sum place, with the chatter of happy families eating together, surrounded by beautiful paintings and really great lighting!  They also have an open kitchen too which is pretty neat!

If you're looking for some good dim sum in Las Vegas, then this is the place to go :)
We had lunch here yesterday.  The service and food was great.  Very authentic Cantonese food.  I didn't expect a good dim sum restaurant inside a Las Vegas casino.  It is a gem despite its undignified name.  Apparently it is not a hidden gem either because there was a long line outside the restaurant before noon.  Don't empty your wallet while waiting in a field of slot machines, save some to pay for the lunch.  Its Chinese name is Jin Yuan Bao (lit. gold ingots) which is a much better name especially to those high rollers in Vegas.

It is actually much better than the dim sum restaurant in Las Vegas Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.
On our first visit we arrived a lunch for the dim sum.  We were fortunate to have a waitress that was fluent in English because many of the women pushing the food carts were not.  We ordered the mandatory pot of jasmine tea and enjoyed all of the following:  har gow (shrimp dumpling), sesame rice paper shrimp roll, baked BBQ pork bao, lotus leaf sticky rice, silky tofu with minced shrimp and rice noodle rolls with BBQ pork.  

We recently returned for a light dinner after seeing Love sharing orders of ba bao noodles (Mandarin noodles topped with a spicy shrimp sauce and peanuts) and Singapore rice noodles (light curry-flavored rice vermicelli with shrimp, BBQ pork and onions).  Both dishes were very good.
I was so adverse to coming to this place cuz of the stupid name for the restaurant until actual locals told me this place was one of the better casino restaurants for Chinese. Pretty damn good stuff.  I usually use my poker player points to pay for dinner here (side note..you want poker games with loads of reckless action..this is it!).  

Never made it for dim sum here..only dinner but it sure is good.  We probably come here once every 2 months or so which is actually a lot considering all the choices Vegas offers.
My SO and I hit dim sum at least 2 times/month  - funny thing is we hit triple - P for late nite dining but rarely for dim sum - after an 8+ month hiatus, we returned on monday for a taste .....very good  !! the shu mei and har gow ( did i spell that correctly ?!?! ) ...tasty...we both appreciated  that with limited exception, the food was served hot...although we still give higher marks to ORchid's for taste and selection...Triple P might give them a run for the casino chips ...they served these mini hot-pots that were very tasty...none of the other dim-sum places serve this !!  $25 later we were full  ( comparable to the other spots )
Went on a weekday so that's most likely why i'm giving it 3 stars. On weekends when you get the crowds you're gonna wanna bring your A game week days are meh and the food was slightly above meh

Haven't tried anything here that made me think ZOMGBBQPWNAGE. Of all the things we ordered the only thing i can call an Epic Fail were the deep fried shrimp balls with crab claw it was very bland and tasteless even for a deep fried dish.

The steamed buns are fresh and very soft and hot but the filling was bland and tasteless if it wasn't for the color i wouldn't have known it was suppose to be Chinese bbq pork.

I will definitely come back on a weekend to see what their A team can offer but for now it's a step above the other place i said was epic garbage
The BBQ pork buns were decent. The Thousand Year Old Egg and shredded pork porridge wasn't bad. Everything else we tried was a miss.

Food-wise, this place is no better or no worse than say, Chang, Orchid Garden, Cathay House...etc. (Actually, Cathay House can be much better on the right day with the right server but that is another review for another day.)

Limited Dim-sum selection and the actual square-footage is quite small.

Not too shabby for a Casino Dim-sum restaurant.
Dim sum here is pretty good for a Vegas joint. However, I did not like the service! When my friend and I first got here (around 1130), we had to wait about 10-15 min before we could get some tea or even water to drink! It wasn't even that busy yet, and we were seated right away! Usually, at many dim sum places, it is automatic to get tea or water right away! Also, the carts did not come to our side very often, so we had to make sure to get plenty of things before we started really eating! (Especially the dessert cart! Geez! That one took forever to come by!).

The place is also pretty small. We can barely get into or out of our seats, since they were so close together (so I just stayed in mine the whole time without moving it heheh!). 

The only thing that I tried here that was not as common as other dim sum places was their soft tofu dessert with sugar/ginger syrup. It tasted like a Filipino dessert called Ta-ho (except Ta-ho is sweeter and not ginger-tasting). That was pretty good. They also had a seaweed salad, (which looked very good but didn't come until we were waiting for our check), and we couldn't try it! Other than those two, just your typical dim sum place with a limited quantity of items!

I probably would not go back here, especially if I ever have to wait! Geez...wait for a table...and then WAIT for a drink...and then WAIT for the dim sum...and even WAIT for our check/to go boxes! 

Unless you're with a big party, this place would probably be decent to have dim sum. Be ready to FLAG those cart people! Expect a wait on the weekends starting around 12 (We went on a Sunday). 

Btw, the price for most of the dim sum is about $3 a piece, so it could add up if you want to try lots of things...(They also charge for tea!)
Great dim sums here. The 'thousand year old egg porridge' is quite good. Jin Sha Bao is good too, and they always run out of it fast.
Here's the story-- I was in Vegas at a trade show, a colleague had this place recommended to him as 'great Chinese' so we agreed to try it for dinner. I had the opportunity to check out the Yelp reviews beforehand, so I could see that the general consensus was: don't come weekdays, come weekends for dim sum. We came on a Monday night. I'm a somewhat adventurous eater, so I figured, what the heck.

Bad idea. I have to say--- probably the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. And I'm a very forgiving person. So I DEFINITELY do not recommend coming for dinner on a weeknight. You can decide for yourself if you want to take the chance that it's so much better on weekends as others have noted.

The story: 3 of us got there about 8, the place was maybe 3/4 full during our visit. We ordered 3 dim sum plates for appetizers. These eventually came out, one at a time, about 15 minutes apart. The dim sum was really tasty, but the slow delivery was a bad omen.

Waitress eventually came back to take our entree orders. Colleague #1 got his entree approx. 30 minutes later. Colleague #2 got his entree approx. 30 minutes after colleague #1. Colleague #3 (me) got his entree approx. 30 minutes after colleague #2.  And I had ordered tofu!! During this hour and a half wait, we asked the waitress several times about our order, and she wandered off and came back with various excuses each time. It was clear the kitchen had forgetten entirely about my order. But even from the time they realized they had forgetten me, it STILL took at least 30 minutes to get the food out to our table.

Horrible. And just to make the night memorable for all, my colleague #2, who had ordered a scallop dish, came down with food poisoning that night which stuck with him for the next several days.

Oh, and if you haven't been to the Gold Coast before-- it's a dump.
You kind of get what you pay for here....don't expect a high end Chinese restaurant at these prices.  For the $, PF Chang's is much better food....but I recommend Pearl at the MGM which is really an experience with Chinese food.  The service here is abismal and it has a fast food feel to the restaurant....and of course, it is not very convenient to people staying on the Strip or Downtown.
Where: The Gold Coast Casino.
What: Amazing Chinese food!!!

Yes, four stars given!!!
 
I've eaten at some really great Chinese restaurants in my time. All over the San Gabriel Valley, OC, Los Angeles, San Francisco, etc, etc.

 This place amazed me! There is TRULY great Chinese food in Vegas, and Dim Sum as well! 
 
Located in the Gold Coast, this place was filled with Asians devouring Dim Sum for breakfast. 
 
Siu Mai.
Har Gow.
Bean Curd rolls.
Fried Taro thing.
Beef Meat Ball. 
Other misc. Dim Sum.
 Lop Chong Fried Rice.
 Low Mein.

 All frickin amazing. I'd put this place up against some of the places in the So. Cal/No. Cal area. 

 Definitely worth a try!!!
Although the place is small, the dim sum is pretty good to me. They have a good selection for dessert. Not much of the regular dishes, but the taste was pretty good.
The best dim sum ever in LV that we ever tasted.  If you stay at the strip like we did, you have to drive a bit.  It's close to the china town.  
ANyway, a friend of mine said that this place is good.  So, we gave it a try.  We noticed their giant billboards all over the place. 
Anyway, we got there. Although, it wasn't full house, they were quite busy.  We waited for a few minutes after we got our tables to be approached by the ladies with the dim sum carts.  We ordered quite a lot. As 2 giant piggies, we finished everything.  :)
The conclusion is good food, price is not bad. The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is the service.  There was totally none.  We'll probably come back here just to grab quick dim sum.
I went for a Dim Sum lunch on a Thursday.  I got there around noon.  I wish I'd arrived earlier, say at 10 AM when they open, because I had to wait, and it was a little bit busy for my tastes.  Service was okay, although I had to flag down a waitress or wave over a cart lady a couple of times.  The porridge with shredded pork and thousand-year-egg was superb--light, fresh and like no porridge I'd eaten to date.  I also had shrimp in rice noodle roll (slightly spicy, and there was plenty of pepper sauce on the table to turn up the heat as desired) and custard buns--silky, rich yellow egg custard just barely sweeter than the dough (I have this thing against eating once I'm full), and wished I could have tried everything.  If those aren't the most imaginative choices, take heart; I'm slowly working my way through all the dim sum offerings in Las Vegas.  I simply order whatever I see first.  So far I've tried Harbor Palace and now Ping Pang Pong--I think that Ping Pang Pong is the better of the two.
We stumbled upon this restaurant by accident, and I am happy that we did.  The restaurant has an open, modern feel.  My friend and I took a seat at the counter, where we could get a good look at the chefs preparing the food.  I ordered the Honey Walnut prawns, and it may have been the finest Chinese food I've had in my life.  Practically orgasmic.  I was disappointed that I found this restaurant on my final night in town, or I would have gone back for more the next day.   It will certainly have a spot on my Vegas itineraries in the future.
dim sum yay!   Haven't had anything from the regular menu here but the dim sum lunch was just like back home in the bay area!  $30 for 2 people, and we were stuffed, the carts just kept on coming! **it gets a little crowded and it's in the middle of the casino, but if it's cheap and the food is good...I'm all for it and besides...it's Vegas baby!!
I would like to say, I am not very picky about service. I am Asian and I eat at restaurants mostly for the food. So service and ambiance are just plusses for me, not a breaking point. BUT I HATE PING PANG PONG! I shrugged off the name and got ready with my friends to eat some recommended dim sum. It was in the middle of a casino, so it was extremely noisy and it smelled like cigarette smoke, but again, I was willing to overlook it for some good dim sum. First, there is no clear set way for me to get a table. At a typical dim sum place, you go up to a hostess, and you get a number, so I get ready to go up to the hostess, but there is a line blocked off in front of her. So I go and wait in line, the line does not move an inch for 20 minutes. So I think I must get a number and then stand in line. I approach the hostess again, and ask her politely in Cantonese, could I get a number for a table of 6. She proceeds to b*tch at me and say that I need to stand in line, so I start to walk away, and then she goes wait do you have a number, and I said no so she haughtily hands me the number. Completely un-phased, I ask how long would the wait be, she looks at me incredulously, like I am some sort of infant, and rudely tells me this place is very busy and there is no possible way for her to even approximate a wait and could I stand aside I was blocking her table. I hear people all around me asking the same question and everyone getting the same crappy answer to the point all, but two tables stayed to wait. Being a b*tch is inexcusable. I have eaten dim sum in Hong Kong where people get up and line up in front of the carts for dim sum and its the way it is over there. This place seemed to be conflicted whether or not it wanted to be a free-for-all or a place that carefully lines up and due to this confusion, NO ONE was getting served.
There might be better Chinese food in Las Vegas but I bet it aint as cheap as Ping Pang Pong. We really enjoy this place and it wont break the bank
MUST GO ....if you are looking for a gooood authentic Dim Sum. Best Siu Mai and Har Kow in Vegas. A bit more pricey than other Dim Sum places but its so well worth it. My daughter loves this place! We used to go to Harbor Palace years ago, but the quality have since dropped. The Dim Sum are just not the same quality you get there compared to Ping Pang Pong. I heard another good (real authentic cantonese cuisine) place is some Orchid Restaurant (not Thai) up in Sahara and Jones somewhere. Its in the corner, a very very old restaurant. Havent tried it, will go someday when craving for chinese adn blog it.
I only bee here twice, both times at 2am... They didnt really have any dim sum left. The FIRST TIME WAS DEFINATLY BETTER THEN THE SECOND TIME. Not the worst Chinese food pretty tasty and most of the customers were Chinese so its probably not that bad!
ok first of all... lets just start out by saying I am from LA... and lucky for me we have Chinatown and the entire San Gabriel Valley a.k.a. China! Now maybe Vegas just doesn't have too many authentic chinese restaurants but damn this was the worst dim sum I have ever had in my life! My friend took me there 2 weeks ago and well the name kinda threw me off to begin with but once I tried the shu mai... damn it was over! I didnt want to try anything else. The simplest dim sum and yet they couldnt even get it right. The beefballs were too overcooked too!  Even the tiny little pork buns were to run from. How does this place stay in business? But then again maybe they are catering to a different crowd. What really struck me as weird was the fact the place was full of asians! I mean, is this suppose to be as good as it gets in Vegas for dim sum? If so, I'd rather stop by a trader joes and pick up a pack of frozen shu mais. You will have much better luck going to the frozen food aisle at a supermarket for good dim sum. Oh one more thing.. horrible service. The employees are literally fresh off the boat! I guess thats the only thing authentic about this place, their workers! hahahaha Trust me when I say I will never come back here or recommend this to another soul.. unless i hated them and wanted to waste their money! =D
We previously had a wonderful dim sum brunch, but our dinner this evening proved to be disappointing.  Service this evening was beyond slow so I called over the manager and explained we had a show to catch and could she call over a waitress.  She literally called across the room and a waitress soon appeared.   We gave our orders, Singapore noodles and wrinkled green beans, while advising of her of our evening's plans.  Our green beans arrived, but some 10 minutes later we were still waiting for the noodles.  I again called over the manager who called over the waitress who checked with the chef and said it would be a few more minutes.  Both dishes were decent, but it would have been nice to enjoy them together
My last few visits to Ping Pang Pong have been less than stellar.  Sure, I really thought they were the best dim sum experience in Vegas (compared to the other few we have), but they have been going downhill since that very first visit (and review).  

First off, there aren't that many dishes offered anymore!  They used to have a larger variety and now they are lacking!  They don't even offer the Big F's favorite - the Macanese egg tart, which really puts a damper on things.  (They apparently are trying out this new egg souffle dish instead.)  I haven't seen the pickled pig's feet ever again as well.  Blah!

Service was pretty horrible too.  I thought it was because I get dumped at the corner table all the time, but I just think it sucks.  The last time we ate there (last month), we didn't even have all our dishes and serving utensils before the dim sum arrived.  It took awhile to wave down a waiter and get some tea.  We ordered a plate of Singapore noodles and that took forever to come out as well.  

And it's so random when it's busy.  On one Saturday I went, there was no wait.  And then other times it's a good half an hour wait for a party of four.  You just never know.

However, I have since requested that we go back and try the other dim sum places in Vegas again since PPP leaves me less than happy and not satisfied.  (The Big F claims that when he went without me, they had tons of stuff coming out!  Maybe I'm bad luck or something!)
4 dim sum stars for LV standards (I mean, this is NOT Hong Kong or LA's SGV.)

Here's some of the dishes I remember: 
1. Marinated chicken feet
2. Fried taro balls
3. Sticky rice in banana leaves 
4. Sweet tofu flower soup (huge!) 
5. Sticky rice cake with matcha filling 
6. Almond covered shrimp 
7. Sesame covered shrimp
8. Beef chung fun 

Haha...the Ping Pang Pong name is soooo wrong. When actually looking at the Chinese characters, it literally means golden yen treasure.
Howard T is right.  Why is this place called Ping Pang Pong?  I thought it was Ping Pong Pang.  Why oh why doesn't a person realize how this sounds?  It's like naming your noodle house Pho King.  WTF?

Anyways, Howard T, myself and a few other guys went here because my friend (the same friend who insisted on going on the 95 to get to Oyshi Sushi) had a $90 food credit.  There is no way that 5 guys can go through $90 worth of dim sum, right?  WRONG.  DEAD WRONG.  There were 5 of us guys and 4 of us weighed more than 180 lbs each.  We can eat.  We can eat A LOT.  Especially for dim sum.  It only helps that their dim sum is tasty.  Sure the portions are a little smaller and the prices are a bit more expensive than those you'd find at Chinatown, but they're still good.
Blah. ummmm, yeah NO! Not only do they charge PER beverage (which really ignites my jewish irritation meter), but it's located in the Gold Coast, gh-e-tto!  And the name of the place -ping- just -pang- stresses -pong- me out.

Walk in, smell smoke, see a geriatrics ward of mindless gamblers pawing over their social security check. I felt like strapping a cardboard box to my chest, peruse through asking, "diapers, cigarettes, change for a nickle."

The food was ok, interesting experience needless to say, but they claim to BE THE BEST IN LAS VEGAS! -big bold lettering.  Maybe, it's the only one?!?  Whatev!

Service was crappola, our waitress was oober rude, surfin' the crimson wave apparently!

I won't go back.
Maybe it was all of the bad restaurant that I have tried prior to coming here but I thought this place was FANTASTIC. Granted the service was not that great and they were a little slow. It's also in one of the oldest casinos with probably the oldest clienteles. But this place is an actual gem. I got to give it to them.............they know how to make dim sum. The dofu fah, har gow, sui mei, Chinese sausage and egg white fried rice, beef cheurng fun were all very good. 

If you are here for the Koi Palace atmosphere, with the Koi palace experience then this probably not for you. This is more of a down home Chinese soul food restaurant........ the way it was meant to be. Good, reasonably price being that it is in a casino, and rude servers pressuring you to buy from their carts.
(2) Shumai
Shrimp Har Gow
Shrimp Ball covered in Rice
Veggie Eggrolls
Pork Sparerib
Pork Rice Porridge
Coconut Buns
(2) Soft Drinks

This ended up being a little over $30 which is awesome! That means everything was under $3... Which is getting hard to find in LA or OC lately! 

Okay, so this is my second visit to Ping Pang Pong... I went this past November because so many of my Chinese friends had recommended it.. Well, it was pretty good but not that great. I found out today that its because it was packed back then. When you go on a slower day - its freaking awesome!

We got there at 10:30am (they open at 10).. We were the fourth table seated and dim sum came out right away. Everyone is super nice and attentive... Granted, the cart ladies dont speak English ; but thats completely normal for a dim sum place, so I was okay with pointing!

Everything was delicious! Well, I was disappointed with the pork spareribs... But it was my own fault. Apparently they have 2 versions... One has a slightly Charsiu type of taste, like a slightly sweet bbq... I didnt like it too much, but then I saw another lady pass by with the regular garlicky bean sauce spareribs. :(   Oh well. Cant dock them stars on that, its my fault!!

Our empty plates were taken right away... Our drinks were refilled promptly... We had a few people come and ask us how everything was... Overall I had a wonderful experience!

Oh one other thing... We wanted Shrimp Noodle... We asked the lady and she said it would be available later. We were sad and paid for the bill... While I was finishing my Coconut Bun (They make the BEST Coconut Buns!!!!) another lady brought her Shrimp Noodle cart to us because the other lady had requested it for us. At this point we were stuffed to our brim AND our bill was already paid for.... So I was def sad... But oh well. . .. 

I actually grew up a bit in Vegas and always had dim sum in Chinatown... Cathay House as well as the original Chinatown Plaza have both been declining in quality and taste - so PPP is my new go-to Dim Sum place in Vegas for sure! 

Its also good to see that majority of the employees there were the same ones from Nov. Any company who retains majority of their employees is a sign of a great place! :)
We stopped here while on a booze run at the gold coast! The 4 of us ordered and shared our dishes. I ordered the Chilean sea bass which was not what I expected, It looked more like some sort of pancake but was not so bad it was breaded which I am not a fan of and a little to greasy. One of the group ordered a tofu dish that was great! I think that was almost the favorite of at least 3 of us! We also had some shrimp and if I remember right pork chops? We also had some hot and sour soup. Overall the food was pretty good but we were all pretty hungry also! I would go again and now after reading some of the other reviews I would probably try the Dim Sum...
We were looking for a Chinese Restaurant that serves Dim Sum late.  We stumbled across this restaurant in the Gold Coast Casino around 1:30 am.  At first we didn't know if they were closing.  No one acknowledged us for a good five (felt like 10) minutes, and nobody else was waiting.  There was no staff in sight to welcome us or take our name.  Right before walking away, someone finally confronts us.  Because we were hungry and lazy, we ended up waiting another 5 minutes since the place was packed.  

Once we sat down, service was tolerable.  Our drink refills came frequently, and the food was prepared quickly.  We got our Dim Sum fix with Shu Mai and Hargow...pretty average.  Everything else (Fu Chow Fried Rice, Black Pepper Beef, Kung Pau Chicken, and Walnut Prawns) exceeded the standard except for the Hot & Sour Soup.
  
Bad start...but good finish..
Went on a Monday morning right at opening time with a party of 8, none of us Chinese nor fluent in figuring out what things are on the carts. I've had dim sum in San Francisco and Toronto; this visit, this day, PPP was almost on par. Almost everything was delicious. We had several different dumplings, some buns and several selections from the menu as well. One standout (again, I apologize for not knowing names) was a shrimp dumpling that had a creamy, slightly sweet filling that almost "burst" in the mouth, and was served with candied walnuts. Oh. My. That was so good. Other dishes featuring pork, beef and chicken were fantastic.

Total bill including tax and tip for 8 people and a ton of dim sum and 5-6 menu dishes: $200. An absolute steal. If I could go 4.5 stars, I'd do so. Ping Pang Pong is a winner.
Pros: 
Best Dim Sum in Vegas! Hands-down.
Their traditional Chinese entrees are very authentic too.

Cons:
Waiting time.
Price
I love the fact that I didn't have to wait in line like most other Dim Sum Restaurants.  We were seated as soon as we walked in.  Service was not great but prompt and friendly.  

They don't have a lot of varieties but enough to satisfy your cravings in Vegas.  I was actually pleasantly surprised.   We ordered Deep Fried Shrimp Balls, Wrapped Sticky Rice, Deep Fried Salty Sticky Rice Dumpling, Shrimp Dumpling, Sesame Balls, Meat/Thousand Year Old Egg Congee.  Mango Pudding.  With the exception of the Mango Pudding, everything was good enough to compare to those found in So Cal.  

I would definitely return if I am ever in a mood for Dim Sum while in the Sin City!
Inconveniently located about as far away from the parking at Goldcoast as you can get - this restaurant is great if you want to go to a dodgy casino and overpay for just-alright Chinese food. The bill came to $90 for 4 people and no one was all that impressed.  Don't believe their signs that this is the best Chinese food in Las Vegas.  It isn't.

Make sure to check out the menu on Goldcoast's website that they haven't updated since 2006 so your guests can be disappointed that they no longer have Oxtail soup.
Went here for dinner with a friend after we arrived to Vegas at around dinnertime. After finding the name funny we decided to check it out. It was really busy with a lot of older Asian people which we thought was a good sign since they are normally picky about Chinese food. We were daring and ordered three dishes: Stir fried lamb with vegetables, combination spicy chow mein and a scallop in oyster sauce hot pot. The prices were reasonable at around $8 to $10 a dish. We also got hot tea, rice and each got a bowl of soup for free with our meal. The food was delicious. We were worried about the scallop hot pot because normally scallops are overcooked and taste chewy. But here, the scallops melted because they were perfectly cooked. Also, the sauce included cloves of roasted garlic that were just as good as the scallops. We ended up finishing all of our food without feeling greasy or gross like at many other Chinese places. A bonus is being able to see into the kitchen and watching the chefs cook the food.

Tried the dim sum here. Surprised at the price at only $2.88 and $3.88 per dish. Friendly service and rather quick seating even when they were really busy.
While in vegas, our family friend who lives there recommended Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino since we were craving dimsum.  It was solid and pretty consistent for Dimsum. Fresh, the restaurant staff spoke Cantonese (which is the kind of Chinese that dimsum comes from). I give it a 4 because the dimsum is what I would expect out of a decent dimsum, but not AMAZING. For being in a hotel/casino, it's pretty good as well. Dimsum is usually either good or really bad. LOL It's tough to make it bad, but it happens quite a bit.  Whatever chinatown you go to, usually the crowded dimsum places are the best and having to wait in a line in vegas for dimsum meant Ping Pang Pong was decent and it was.  I would say it's a little bit above average.  

Also...I'd have to say...dimsum and blackjack is quite a kool combination ya? lol. Not to mention the sports betting section being right around the corner =P The hilarious chinese restaurant name is funny too =D
First time having dim sum in Vegas and it made me feel like the east coast a little.  Food was fast and fresh, service was great and the flavor was amazing.  Ten plates of food came out to a little over $30 and filled up two people.  Great Dim Sum!!!
We went to this restaurant early around 10 in the morning, we ordered har kaouw , shiu Mai, they are yummy, chicken feet was well cook and tender, bi tan congee delicious and fresh, put some soy sauce a little bit to make it perfect. The service is good, the waitress replaced my plates 2 times maybe because it was early and not many people. The price is reasonable considering this is in Vegas, 9 items for 25.90 even cheaper than the one in Denver. Two thumbs up, definitely it will be first place to visit next time to Vegas.
I was worried about having to make a long time after reading other reviews, but luckily for us, we only had to wait about 20 minutes before getting seated.  It does help to only have a party of 2!  

They had every one of my favorite dim sum dishes (turnip cake, tripe, bbq pork rice noodles, lobster claws) and even some new dishes too.

The quality of the dim sum was pretty good, not the best but better than a lot of places in Orange county.  

The prices were decent too, i think it ranged from $2-6 a dish.  We stuffed ourselves for $30.
i went here w/ my family and the food was delicious. surprisingly coz most chinese places are dirty but this one was actually good. they have this really cool kitchen where you see the chefs cooking your food. it's great for a casino restaurant...you gotta try it. it tastes fresh and autentic.
This is the first time I've found good food off the strip. Really good chinese food for the price. After playing bingo, yes we played bingo :P ... we were hungry and I read good reviews on yelp.. Where else in Vegas can you find good food at these prices?? I went to Noodles @ the Bellagio the next night and spent twice as much and the food was just okay. 
My friend had the Walnut Prawns and I ordered the Classic Cantonese Brisket Stew. My mom makes a great brisket chinese style of course with tendon. This version was pretty good, quite flavorful, had a perfect balance of meat, tendon was so soft and big pieces of turnip as well. My friend thought it was missing something... My mom usually puts dried orange peel, but I thought it was fine without it. His prawns were okay, perhaps a bit too small so the shrimps weren't as meaty. The honey glazed walnuts weren't as good. We usually get this dish at our local chinese restaurant and it's so good! I opted for a pot of tea while my friend got a coke. The tea was quite bland with just one cheap tea bag floating inside. Thank goodness I was staying at the Mandarin Oriental and snagged a couple of quality tea bags. Made a more enjoyable pot of tea. 
Dinner for two was just $35 with tip, a bargain even off the strip! We really would've gone back a 2nd time had it not been so far away...
me LOVE dim sum!

This place is located in the Gold Coast casino in Vegas.  Everything tastes good, fresh, and yummy here!  The only problem is the long wait.  But lucky for this restaurant that it is situated inside of a casino so that everyone waiting can play slots or video poker.  Well thats what I do.  This place is worth the wait.  It is small so you actually get timely service.  Their congee is good and sometimes comes with fried won ton bits, har gow and xiu mai always good, and their fried meat balls are the best I've ever tasted.  

Their egg tarts is ok, but has a great flaky crust.  I haven't tried the other deserts yet.  Everything comes warm, or hot like its supposed to.  They have carts that have self warmers.  Not like other dim sum places where they put the plates on cold carts.

I can't wait to go back.  See you there!
One might think, with a wacky name and being located in a casino, that Ping Pang Pong isn't going to be any good.  However, it's definitely one of the better places in town (and my favorite) for dim sum.  The restaurant is little bit small, so expect a bit of a wait on crowded days.  If you don't see a dish that you want being carted around, you can ask and they will generally make it for you.  Prices are a little bit more expensive than the other places in town, but not that much (maybe 50 cents to a dollar more per dish).

Also, I saw Johnny Chan eating here once.  If Ping Pang Pong is good enough for Johnny Chan, it's good enough for me, and probably you, too!
There is usually a long wait, so my boyfriend and I decided to go early.

There wasn't that much of a selection and it took about an hour after opening for food to really come out.  Once it did service was still slow.

Their lo mei gei was made with long grain rice, which I did not like.  Their food was fresh and good quality, but was lacking in taste.

Orchid Garden over Ping Pang Pong.
Good food. Good experience. Good prices.  This place is pretty "authentic", in the sense that you will not immediately recognize 'Americanized" menu items. I do remember a Kung Pao dish but that is about it. The menu descriptions are weak and dont give the menu items the credit they deserve.  I bet everything on the menu is superb. You can watch the Asian cooks make your food.  Asian waiters are pretty FOB. Ask them for a recommendation if you arent sure. Thats how i discovered the Gobo Beef, love it.
I never ever thought that a Chinese restaurant is located inside the casino. I came here yesterday with a friend of mine to have dinner, We ordered walnut shrimps, beef medallion and Cantonese sausage fried rice,we had to wait quite long for the service, the food tastes good, I love the texture of fried rice, and definitely recommended.   the price is a little bit expensive compared to other in town, I heard that dim sum here is the best in Las Vegas, next time I will try then
Food is okay, but like a lot of typical dim sum places the service is garbage. I've been to enough dim sum places in San Francisco, Seattle, and Vegas to know that they don't have enough carts going around to service everyone in a timely manner. We got there well before 3. The cart arrived once without some of the "basic" selections like Shu Mai and Har Gow. We specifically asked for the items, to which they said they'd be back with them. We then waited 20 minutes, and when we asked for it again they gave us the excuse that they weren't doing dim sum anymore. It took a chat with the manager for us to finally get some Shu Mai that looked like it was under a heat lamp for an hour. I posted a picture of it so you can see for yourself. 

At dim sum places you usually have to be patient and go with the flow as barely controlled chaos is how they get things done. Usually, the experience is fun and more than satisfying. However, even with that said, I'd only recommend this place if you were hard up to find an alternative.
What is the best way to spend an early Sunday afternoon, when waking up with an empty stomach? Fresh and steamy dim sum is the way to go to appease our hunger! 

Ping Pang Pong has been voted one of the best Chinese Restaurant, according to Vegas Magazine and others alike. Nearly 3 years ago, Ping Pang Pong started their Dim Sum and I am wondering why have we only now just discovered this?

The venue is located inside the Gold Coast Casino, small to medium size and the kitchen is open where you can see the chefs prepare and cook the food.  The pros about being in a casino is that they have restrictions in cleanliness and maintain proper cleaning schedule.  Having an open expedition kitchen is a plus, because it's nice to see the chefs prepare the food depending on where you sit.

We had the best of the following, Pork and Shrimp Shumai, Shrimp Dumpling, 2 orders of Sweet  Pork Bun, Dim Sum Noodles, 2 orders  Pork Spare Ribs with black bean sauce, Crab Balls and Tofu with Shrimp paste. 

First of all, every bite and taste of dim sum was so steamy or crunchy fresh that it just dissolved in our mouths! Then the service was fast and consistent with clearing our tables or refilling our beverages. 

Ping Pang Pong is over $1 more than other places, but it is definitely worth the price mark up and hands down the best dim sum in Las Vegas!
What's up with the name?  Seems a bit racist if you ask me. I kid. I kid. 

Every person in this joint was Asian.  Everyone.  That may be because it's in the Gold Coast and this place was nicknamed the Pan Pacific by my friend.  It was literally an Asian invasion.  

So, when you see that all the peeps in a Chinese restaurant are Asian, that's gotta be a good sign, right?  

The food was good, great even.  The prices were extremely reasonable for large, family style dishes.  We tried the usual offerings, including a spicy fried rice that had some serious kick.  Loved it.  The salt and pepper pork chops were delicious, but didn't have a ton of meat on them.  

Minus one star for the wait.  Service wasn't great, but remember the saying...the worse the service, the better the food.  That always applies to Chinese food, so if you know this, you get it.
Come for the Dim Sum.  Arrived 11am and it was fairly busy.  Full of Asian families taking their time and enjoying themselves.

Ambience - Clean, well lit and noisy like most Dim Sum places.  Open kitchen which is somewhat unusual and a good thing.

Price - Ordered 1 A item and 4 B items plus 2 Tsin Dao beers ($7) for a total lunch of $22.38.

Service - Funny start when they tried to make me take a menu (I'm only part asian so I guess they wanted to make me order ala carte food).  After that it was good.  The hostess seated me right away and the food carts rotate quickly and consistently.  I hardly finished each plate and it was whisked away.  Busboy offered me a second beverage before I had to ask anyone for another.

Food - Excellent selection sorted by food types: baked and fried goods, steamed goods, large sides (like fried rice), dessert and fresh beverage.

Pork Shui Mai - Good flavor but slightly chewy (like a typical chicken texture).

BBQ Pork Bun Baked (Char Sui Bao) - Perfect bun texture and flavor with a tasty glaze coating (your hands will get sticky).  Stuffing of bbq pork was tasty.

Pork Dumpling (gau style not pot sticker) - Must have! great crispy dough contrasts with lightly chewy stuffing.  Lightly sweet flavor is delicate and delicious.

Char Sui Bao steamed - Great flavor but dough wasn't my favorite (stick to the baked ones).

Shrimp dumpling (Har Gau) - Good sized value with sticky wrapper and delicately spiced shrimp filling.  Each one must have at least two 10-12 shrimps in it.

Didn't try the fried rice, dessert cart or the fresh juice cart (soup or beverage?).  They also paraded around an asparagus plate that looked and smelled wonderful but I was too full.

I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and value of this place and would recommend it.  I'm picky about Dim Sum and this place does a decent job on everything I tried and better than average with the Baked BBQ Pork Bun and Ha Gau.
Staying at the Gold Coast I tried this place the first day I arrived. The prices were reasonable and the good yelp reviews I researched turned me on to eating here.
I ordered this white rice mixed in with pieces of of sausage and eggs. It was sweet, oily and a bit salty BUT delicious! I never have had a rice mix like this in my life. 
I took my leftovers to go even though I had no refrigerator in my room. Whateva! I ate it cold after a night of partying in vegas and it was still soooo delich!
Let's go to PING PANG PONG! Who would have thought this place is so good! This is seriously one of the hidden gems in vegas.  It's tucked in Gold Coast and it has really good dim sum.  They have the dessert - mango + pomelo which is so hard to find.  This is pure comfort food in vegas.  I love it!!!! It's clean and the decor is really nice.
The best thing about this place is the name: PING PANG PONG! One more time: PING PANG PONG! I was told by the owner that it means "hockey puck" in English, which makes zero sense for a Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. That said, the service was fast and friendly and the food was better than expected: a tad on the greasy side, but it's in the Gold Coast Casino so I was just happy there weren't cigarette butts in it.
-Shrimp Fried Rice
-Gobo Beef
-Shrimp Lai Fen
-Kung Pao Chicken
-King Du Pork Chop

Great food.  Now I know why it's on the 'Best of LV' lists often.  Famiy style servings.  In the Gold Coast Casino.  Fast service...
The restaurant is inside the Gold Coast Hotel/Casino.
I've only been for lunch so far.
The food and prices are decent.
It's pretty good for reasonable chinese food.
They have the standard dim sum items for lunch.
The place gets pretty hectic for lunch, but it's the standard for any dim sum place that is busy. If you go for lunch and only have an hour, I suggest you definitely get there before 11:30am.
Just got home from dim sum with the family here. I come here for dim sum about once a month. It's one of the better dim sum places in vegas. The line can get pretty long, so we try to come around 11am. Today the line started getting long just after 11:15am. 

The food off the dinner menu is good too, but the portions are small. Salt & Pepper Frog Legs is one of my favorite dishes here. Yup. I said FROG LEGS!! Soft like fish and sorta tastes like chicken.
Rated as the best Chinese Restaurant in Vegas according to numerous billboards around Vegas. This means squat here on yelp. I just laugh when I hear stuff like this. I bet these come from the same people who says Olive Garden is the best Italian food in Vegas, Starbucks having the best coffee, or voting Taco Bell as having the best Mexican food. Just remember all the awards Sam Woo got, and we all know how good that place is. Anyways on with the review!

@ Shrimp Dumplings (Har gau) - Good shrimp taste. Disappointing texture on the skin. Changs has PPP beat on this one.

@ Pork Dumplings (Siu Mai) - This was okay. But much fresher than Changs.

@ Egg Custard Bun - This is just okay. But after having the gooey and hot filling back in SoCal, this just doesn't seem that good anymore. Filing was lukewarm, almost cold here.

@ Congee (jook) - Much better than Changs by far. Flavorful and hearty. If I didn't have to share with the other people around the table, this would be all mine!

@ Shrimp Rolled in Rice Noodles w/ Soy Sauce - Tastey shrimp taste, PPP has Changs beat on this one by a narrow margin with a better rice noodle wrap and soy sauce.

@ Oysters - Good oysters, but they need to clean it more thoroughly. Almost every bite, I got grit in my mouth. Couldn't really enjoy the oysters because of this

@ Almond Covered Shrimp Balls - Yummy shrimps, but found the almonds unnecessary since you couldn't really taste it. But if you like almonds, you'll enjoy this item. Toasting the almonds a little bit would really bring out the flavor of the dish.

@ Fried Shrimp + Crab Claw - Its shrimp stuffed into a crab leg and deep fried. Yum and definitely a good item to get. 

@ Fried Tofu - Crispy, but found it a little too salty for me. HK Star got this dish down.

@ Red Bean Sesame Balls - Red bean was good, but the sesame balls is disappointing. Its the soggy and oily appetizer that reminds me what sesame balls are. Properly prepare this, and I'll enjoy this dish.

@ Tea - Usually I don't comment on the tea, but tea is traditionally part of dim sum. This tea was weak. Of course, it naturally got more weaker as the teapots got refilled. So towards the end of the meal, you're literally just drinking water. Even Pho Village gives me better tea with my meal than this place. Really really REALLY disappointing. 

"Ping Pang Pong", the place with the name that sounds racist and probably won't eat there because of it (Lily D). I'm not sure whats up with Chinese restaurants in Vegas and crappy names (see Food Express Chinese Restaurants), but it just makes my head explodes. I swear they do the opposite of picking the best names, and pick the most stereotypical Chinese restaurant name they can think of. /endrant

This is more pricier than Changs, but this place is a little more consistent than Changs. Some stuff Changs is better and some stuff, PPP is better. This is probably as good as it gets for dim sum in Vegas. This will be satisfactory for most. But for those raised in CA dim sum, you will be disappointed.
Located inside the Gold Coast Casino, I did not expect to be pleased with the dinner here.  In fact, when I first heard the name, I laughed.  I laugh no more.  

We went in a group of 5 people on a Saturday evening.  It was only lightly crowded and we were seated relatively quickly.  

The plates have generous proportions, so a plate per person in the group is just enough to get you full.  We ordered: Wrinkled Green Beans, Chow Fun (or Beef Flat Noodle as they called it), Rosted Duck, Pineapple beef with Mushrooms and Lamb.

Everything we ordered was what you would expect from a "legit" Chinese restaurant.  I would go into detail about each of them, but quite honestly, it was a flurry of amazing flavor that I cannot do justice to describe, but I can definitely say, you HAVE to go try it.

The only reason they lost a star was the customer service.  It's not that the customer service was bad, but it wasn't very good.  It took two or three times to get water and rice, our last two plates were brought our after we were almost done with the first three, and they were not very attentive.

Overall, a MUST TRY.  :D The food makes up for the eh customer service.
This place is pretty busy during lunch hours. We had to wait in line for like 20-30 mins. So many Chinese and Asians here. The only place you see Asians is at this restaurant haha.

Food: not that many variety. Looks the same as other dim sum places I've ate at. There was nothing special. The food didn't taste better quality or anything.
Potstickers- didn't taste fresh. Dry.
Glutinous rice wrapped with lotus leaf- steaming hot, fresh, soft, flavorful.
fried shrimp stuffed crab claw- this was good
Cheong fun with shrimp- this was soggy and drench in sauce, but still good.

Not really worth the wait. Price was ok. Bill was $20
Service is hit and miss, but food is great, prices are somewhat reasonable. Plenty of Chinese people here, so it must be authentic for las vegas. I will definitely be back, roast duck was crispy, clams with ginger & scallions very fresh, love the fried rice with dried scallops. Honey walnut shrimp was a bit salty, but the nuts were very fresh, had great texture. Less then fifty bucks for all of this.
You know, considering the casino, this place is pretty good. I cam here for both dinner and lunch. Surprisingly enough, they had dim sum on a Monday during lunch (?), which I thought was normally a weekend thing. I suppose that they get so many people (being in Vegas and all) plus all the Chinese tourists that they can afford to do so.

Their Chow Fun is exceptionally good (I always order it and use it as a judge for Chinese restaurants). They translated it into "Rice noodle." This was not as... err... random as their "Wrinkled Beans..." It doesn't sound appetizing, but it's name in other restaurants is "Dry Braised String Beans," or something similar. Both of these dishes are good. I also tried their lamb and duck, both were good (if somewhat overpriced).

Their service is pretty good too, considering it could be a lot worse. They serve hot tea automatically like a Chinese restaurant should. Dim sum was kind of slow when I went with only 3 carts and a few waiters with trays (but again, since it was a weekday, that's to be expected).

The super high rating is due to the fact that it is literally in the middle of the casino. It's not some fusion crap that other casinos on the strip sell. Nor is it some Panda Express imitation. Nope. No longer must I take a trip to Chinatown to get my fix. I can play my Monopoly slots, place my sports bets, grab some Chow Fun with my winnings, and then lose it all on craps... all on the same floor. Now that's Vegas....
It's always been a habit of mine to compare Asian food in Sin City with the City of Angels.  There's little to say about the Asian restaurants in Vegas (compared to the San Gabriel Valley), but this place hit the spot, especially since I was bored of having French/Italian food.

I've visited this place for dim sum about 3 - 4 times now and the food has ALWAYS been consistent.  You get the typical har gow, siu mai, chicken feet, and steamed buns.  What you DON'T get is stuff like shark fin soup or the more "expensive" type dim sum.  The only item I did not enjoy very much is the shen zen bao (pan-friend pork buns)...no juicy orgasmic flavors there.  The bills usually averaged about $50 - $60 for 2-3 ppl consisting of approximately 12 - 14 dishes.  A little more expensive than the Cali dim sum places, but it is Vegas, ya know.

Sure, the name of the restaurant sounds racist, but if you owned a jam-packed restaurant like that, so what?  And...the fact this small joint is in a casino...even betta!!  Try out PPP and try it for yourself!
Wow, this place sucks! 

My group and I were quite disappointed with our experience here. We were in the mood for some dim sum, and since I heard this place was comparable to Orchids Garden, we decided to try this place out.

The restaurant wasn't even half full when we got our table, and yet this place still lacked service. The carts came by slowly and there was barely a selection of dim sum. We ordered a few items and the dim sum was cold. It must have been sitting out for awhile, and there wasn't any new dim sum coming out. Also, it took them FOREVER to bring us the water and tea. Since we weren't getting full off of dim sum, we decided to order some food off the menu (fried rice, noodles, and string beans), though it did take us a long time to order since nobody came by our table. When we got our noodles, they were very oily. The rice and string beans was mediocre, nothing to rave about. When we got our bill, we were surprised at the total. We weren't even full and yet we ended up paying a lot. Plus, they charge for tea. WTF! I have been eating dim sum all my life, and all of the places (Portland, Seattle, Vanc BC) I have been do not charge for tea. That is BS. 

Overall, I will NOT come back here again. What a horrible experience. The food lacked variety. The dim sum was cold. And the service was super slow. 

I tried Orchids Garden a few days before, and they were 10x better than this place. More dim sum selection, service was great, and reasonable price. When we left Orchids, we were stuffed and yet we paid less there than Pings.
Went there on Fourth of July weekend and saw this place during my last visit in December but didn't try it then.  This time there was five of us and it was kinda late so was really glad to hear this place is open till 3am on weekends.
We were sat within five minutes of arriving and waiter took our drink orders.  She was really quiet at times but really quick.  The menu has a good amount of choices.  My recommendations is get a bowl of soup as an appetizer.  A friend who like asian spots told me once to try start off with one of the soups on the menu.   If the soup is good, then the rest of the food will be good.  We decided to try a soup that had big chunks of pork and asian veggies with had an amazing broth.
When it came time to order, we decided to get a bunch off dishes and try a little of each item.  Out of each item, I recommend trying the walnut prawns.  They are amazing!!! My brother enjoyed the roasted duck.
The place has a nice appearance and its full of Asians coming with large groups.  The table next to us was complaining about something on the order so there was a lot of arguing in Chinese, I think.  I can't wait to come back and get those walnut prawns!!  Heard they have dim sum during the lunch hours so gonna have to try that some time as well.
I was pleasantly surprised wth the food and service at this place. It was definitely a place fill up and get your dim sum fix. Good price and fairly great selection of dim sum. Stop by here if you don't want to  dig deep in your wallet...especially if you've already lost most of it on the Strip.
Our second day of $25 food credit, we decided to try the Dim Sum again here.  

Our visit this time seemed better.  I liked the food and the service.  You can't compare this with all the Dim Sum restaurants in So Cal, but Ping Pang Pong gets the job done with some of the classic dishes; Ha Gaw (Shrimp Dumpling), BBQ Pork Buns (both baked and steamed), Sticky Rice Wrap, Salty Sticky Rice Dumpling, Sesame Balls, Porridge, Egg Tarts, Chiese Broccoli, Fried Shrimp Balls, and so on and so on.  It seemed like they had more varieties this time than I remembered.  It could be because we were there earlier than last time, too.  

Do get there earlier than later or there will be a wait (and also they don't run out of your favorites)  since the place isn't very big.  The prices are fairly reasonable.  Most dishes are around $2.88 (for B dishes).   We tried to order enough to use up our $25 food credit and ended up packing some left over to go (ate it for breakfast the next day). 

I've tried going to Dim Sum at the restaurants on Spring Mountain Road and it was almost impossible due to the wait time.  I'd much rather come here.  If you're in the mood for Dim Sum, give this place a try.
We've been here both for Dim Sum in the daytime and tried a few of their items at dinner...The food has been pretty solid. I prefer the quality of food here than other places we' ve tried(Cathay House, Orchids Garden)....Give them a try and see what you think....ALOHA!!!
I had dimsum at Ping Pang Pong in Gold Coast Casino on Sunday 12/28/08. I was with a party of five adults and one child. We arrived at 11am and was seated at 11:40am even with our Emerald card, which gives us priority seating. Many people were in line and some just went to the front of the line to talk to the hostess. Most were confused as to which line to get in. Make sure you give your name and the number in your party to the hostess; she will then give you a piece of paper with a number that she will eventually call out. Most of the people were inpatient and kept going to the hostess and asking her questions. There were several who looked through the reservation book when the hostess stepped away. It was definitely crowded and as soon as we sat down, we started eating.

The food was great! We had the seaweed salad, BBQ pork noodles, shrimp noodles, pork dumpling, shrimp dumpling, spring rolls, crab balls, spare ribs, BBQ pork buns, BBQ pork pastries, Chinese broccoli, chicken wings, sausage in a bun, potstickers, sesame balls - the usual dishes that we order when we have dimsum. What we couldn't believe was the bill! It was $110 for five adults and one child! Then, I looked over the bill and noticed that they charged us twice for the Chinese broccoli ($8.95 twice!). They did correct the bill, but then we started to question whether the rest of the bill was correct. They charged us for 23 dimsum plates, but we didn't keep track and count our plates! They could have easily charged us an extra 2-3 plates and we wouldn't have known it. As regular dimsum customers, with a party of five to ten people that we usually have, we would pay any where from $10 to $15 per person at the most, including tip! But at Ping Pang Pong, we had to pay about $20 per person! Even though the dimsum was good, the higher price is not worth the wait! Next time, we'll go to Chang's or Orchid's.
My friends been telling this place has the best dim sum so I always wanted to try out so I did it's not that good at all.
We came by for dinner in this restaurant that was advertised at some point as the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  It's located in the older Gold Coast Casino, is a bit rundown but with authentic and low priced servings.  We had a nice beef satay with pineapples and enoki mushrooms (more Hawaiian than traditional Cantonese).  We also had a disappointing clay pot with ginger mushroom chicken.  The rice was flavorful, but there was no ginger, barely any mushrooms, and a lot of bony chicken scraps.  You can also have a Heineken here for $3.50.  Overall, ok for the price, but I suspect it can probably be a better place than what we experienced.   Service was also a bit poor, with no water refills, and it took a while for the rice pot to appear.
Dinner for two, 7:30 Tuesday evening:  horrendous service.  Period.

The dining area was frigid.  Icicles were forming on every word spoken at the table.  I thought I saw a yeti leave the kitchen area with his hands in his armpits, trying to stay warm on his way to the restroom.

On second thought, that might've been our server because the "service" we were afforded was GROSS.  

We were scolded for standing in the empty take-out line instead of the empty dine-in line (we'd changed our minds),  the servers (we had a couple on this slow night) were hard pressed to make any eye contact - we actually had a server deliver food to the table with her back to us?  How'd she do that??  I was looking for skates at that point.

In one moment I made accidental eye contact with the server and grinned as my mouth was full of mediocre Seafood Noodles.  I could almost hear her straining as she squeezed out a smirk.

A smirk.  And I'm not even kidding.  I was kidding about the yeti but the smirk was SO real.

We recognized one of the bus boys by his warm smile and friendly service.  I'm so annoyed with myself for not getting his name this time so I could give him propers.  He was a tropical island floating in a sea of ice.

In any event, the food.  The first time I came here I had Seafood Noodles and they rocked harder than Meatloaf.  Memory is a funny thing.  This time, there was little seafood and the bit present wasn't really a great mix.  I had one or two shrimp and a fistful of squid.  Had it been called Squid Noodles I'd have been happy.  The noodles were oily and the overall flavor wasn't anything to write home about.  We also had Salt and Pepper Calamari - which was more squ-  I mean, nice.  The calamari was tender

In the end, the check came to about $20 for both of us and still, I felt bad tipping because the service was Bizarro World grade.

I've never had dim sum here but if this is how they do business on a slow night I'll pass on dim sum.
Best dim sum in town!!! Get there early, lines get long.
Service remains awful :(
Freshest dim sum in Vegas.  Best quality, best taste, best texture, and best flavors.  Nothing beats Ping Pang Pong so far in my dim sum book.  Except the egg custard buns from Orchids Garden.  

This place is by far my favorite place to eat dim sum.
Food was very good. Much more traditional than typical chinese take out places. Some very interesting menu options.  Big portions.
Hands down the best dim sum in LV.  We used to go to what is now Orchid's Garden when it was still named Chau's then moved on to Chang's, and dabbled with Cathay House.  All of these restaurants would hover around 3 stars and dipped as low as being inedible depending on change of chefs and perhaps even ownership.  Then along came the idea of trying Ping Pang Pong inside the Gold Coast casino.

The litmus test for dim sum for me are the cheong fun, the har gow, the oven baked char siu bao, chicken feet, and anything with shrimp.  While the sauce of the cheong fun was very light, the noodles were soft and the shrimp were fresh. The har gow skin was soft and the shrimp again fresh.  The char siu bao was the right combination of sweet and salty.  Chicken feet were not too soft and not too hard.  Did I mention the shrimp were fresh?!

Yes, it's considerably pricier than all the other dim sum restaurants I mentioned but it's worth it.  And yes, it's also frigid cold like another reviewer said because that's how casinos keep you awake but it's nothing hot tea and a sweater can't fix.  And yes, it can get very crowded since it's actually a fairly small dining room for a dim sum restaurant, not to mention a dim sum restaurant in a casino known for its Asian clientel, but go before 11:30 am and you'll be fine since most are either at the gambling tables or are sleeping in from being at the gambling tables all night.
Went here for dinner on a Tuesday night.
soooooo disappointing. 
We asked the waiter our normal question of " this is our first time to your restaurant, what are the best items on your menu that we would want to write home about". Actually it wasn't the waiter that told us this, it was the manager... we had ordered some pot stickers...(which were the only thing that was ok).
The food was bland, boring, the meat was chewy and meh. I really will not go back here for dinner or lunch ever again. It reminded me of the food on the train in China- slop, sorta bland, sorta bad quality.
Now I have heard great things about this place- the bill boards, the reviews on the walls, etc. but maybe they are just talking about the dim sum, which i guess I will try this place again for...but never a dinner ...uggh.
I've eaten dim sum around the world and Ping Pang Pong is right up there with the best of them.  The service was perfect and the food was delicious! We shall return!
Dude, wtf.  Came here for dim sum.  Horrible.  Nothing compared to even the subpar dim sum in OC.  Idon't get how anyone can say that this dim sum is amazing, unless they've only had Vegas dim sum.  I'm sorry if I sound elitest... but take my word.  If you read my review you will know not to come here.  Chicken feet had an off taste as well as being kinda cold.  I guess most Vegas dim sumers are not fans of chicken feet.  The shui mai was just bad.  The tripe was overly braised and the texture (one of my favorite parts of tripe) was just bad.  It felt like I was eating fat, not tripe.

Nothing good here.  The only reason i gave it two stars was because it really is one  of the few dim sum places in Vegas.  The other one that got the better Yelp reviews was temporarily closed I guess the kitchen burned down or something.
no, no, no, no, no....

Despite the abundance of restaurants in Las Vegas, my family and I somehow ended up here for dinner because of its proximity to the bowling tournament that my mother was going to be participating in. I yelped it, saw 3 1/2 stars and thought to myself, "ok shouldn't be too bad". Well, it was REALLY BAD. Horrendous service - our waiters seemed to have completely vanished upon taking our orders. Food didn't come until about 30-45 minutes later, and when they did, it was cold. What the f***?!

Entrees we ordered:

Seafood porridge - I asked them to add the preserved egg, which I had been craving. Well, the porridge was bland and I had to keep adding soy sauce to make it better. The preserved egg tasted funky, not at all like what I was used to in LA's Chinatown.
Gobo beef - EW. They were basically big cubes of beef (bigger than bite size, so it was a little hard chewing on them)  that seemed to have been boiled in soy sauce. They also seemed a little bloody.
Salt and pepper pork chops - They were pretty standard. A little bit dry.
Hot braised chicken - This was the only semi-decent dish. But it was basically sweet and sour chicken. 
Shrimp fried rice - This one arrived to the table first, a good 20 minutes before the actual entrees arrived. So it was cold by the time we started eating. Not good.

I didn't try their dimsum; if that's what I wanted, I could've just gone to Chinatown. But this is definitely not a good dinner spot.
Sad to say, this is the best dim sum in Vegas.  I miss Seattle!  I have to tell ya -- the service (or lack of service) is why I gave this a "3 star".  The hostess is cute but she is completely an idiot!  Every 5 minutes while my mom and I waited in line, she would ask, "How many?"  I'm not kidding you -- There were only 4 of us in line (a couple ahead of us) -- and you'd think she would recognize four people, right?!  NOT!  Every 5 minutes, she'd ask, "How many?"   (Am I on "Seinfeld" or a candid camera?)  There were only 4 of us in line, and the hostess asked the couple ahead of us, "How many?"  They replied, "2" ... and then she turned to us and asked, "How many? 4?"  -- um,  helllooooooooooooooooo!!!!  My 3 year old niece can add better than her!  Anyway -- long story short, after 3 more times of "how many?" -- I finally lost my temper.  It's truly sad because the food is quite yummy -- it's just that the idiot hostess needs to get fired!  The funniest thing is, while I was enjoying my siew mai and har gow with mom, the idiot hostess sat a couple next to us.  Sure enough, the couple yelled at the hostess for her stupidity.  Wow!  I hope when I return, I don't have to answer to "How Many?"  10 times again.  LOL...
best dim sums...delicious
Have read so many mixed reviews about PPP from my fellow Yelpers in Las Vegas, and I finally went to try it with some schoolmates and guests.  The line wasn't too bad for us, and we were seated shortly, even though it was on a Sunday at ~11:30am.

The restaurant itself seems small, especially compared to the other dim sum options i Vegas.  The price overall is more expensive, and is to be expected for a restaurant located inside a casino (Gold Coast).  The per person charge for tea is only $0.50!  That is the lowest I have ever seen, even compared to off-strip dim sum joints.  But then they do make it up on everything else you can order.

The wait staff is friendly, but I think they are assigned way too many tables to watch over, especially the busperson, since our emptied plates rarely gets picked up after we finished whatever dim sum we had ordered, and the table looks like it is in a constant state of disarray. Not exactly adding to the mood of the meal. But our water glass was refilled on a regular basis, which is good. That applies to the tea pots as well.

Food-wise, I think it is just okay.  There were some highlights but also many that was not worth ever trying again.  The Panfried Shrimp and Chive Dumpling was excellent. The "fat noodles" stirred fried with XO Sauce (my pinyin sucks but I will try to type it... Stir Fried ChanFun with XO Sauce) is good and we ended up ordering two plates. HarGow (Steamed Shrimp Dumpling), was made with great fillings, but the skin was way too thick and you can tell that the cooks or prep cooks that make them lack the skills normally developed over many years of making dim sum.  But what do you expect from a casino restaurant that might have a really good chef, but the rest of the kitchen are cooks, prep cooks, etc that are just happy to still have a job in a state that has stupidly high unemployment rate.

Anyway, back to the food. They seem to have trouble keeping up with the demand for the essential dim sums (steamed shrimp and steamed pork dumplings), since we didn't see the Hargow until we were almost ready to get them to tally up our bill. And the Shuimai never made it to the area we were seated until we were collecting money from everyone at the table.

I did kind of enjoyed their Green Tea Mochi Cake, although the mochi was on the thick side. But I have never had this at any other dim sum restaurants in the US. The Mango Coconut Tapioca was good, according to my friend (I didn't try it).

And even though we have a party of 8, they did NOT automatically add in the "mandatory" service charge/tips.  I think that was cool, but we paid over the 15% anyways.

Overall, just a 3 stars dim sum experience for me, and I will likely not returned for just dim sum. But it is nice to eat at a dim sum place that at least have above average customer service.
This restaurant is located in The Gold Coast Hotel Casino and turned out to be our favorite.  With the sad (but finally improving) state of Chinese food in SW Florida we needed to get our fill and ate here three times.

Things got off to a shaky start.  Four of us ordered; Seafood Crispy Noodles ($10.95), Tea Duck, (half $12.95) Beef Lo Mein ($9.95) and Ma Po Tofu ($7.95).  It was a Saturday night and the place was busy but our order was taken promptly.  Interestingly after a reasonable wait we inquired about our food and it miraculously started to arrive, albeit one dish at a time making it seem like the order was never entered.  

The duck was cooked to a crispy goodness but was served without any dipping sauces - Hoisin was brought on request.   The two noodle dishes were large portions with the seafood noodle including ample pieces of fish, Scallops, Squid.  The fourth dish Tofu was a complete no-show with a different server offering to get it but advising the "kitchen is slammed", we declined and the check was adjusted accordingly.

Lunch here is Dim Sum served from a parade of steaming carts.  We tried some old favorites and few new things.  All was fresh and presented with care.  We tried a favorite of many Asians; Chicken Feet and now realize this is an acquired taste, however the fried rice served with it was the absolute best we ever had.  So that's how fried rice should taste!  We ate our fill and had many items with the bill for two at just $30.00.  If you've never had a traditional Dim Sum meal this is definitely the place.

One more dinner visit included our all time favorite Beef Rice Flat Noodles ($9.95) also known as Chow Fun served "wet".  The beef was tender and the noodles just delicious coated in the light flavorful gravy.  This dish included a few large pieces of perfectly cooked Gai Lan.  With this we had Orange Beef ($9.95) cooked just slightly crisp with an outstanding flavor.  We stuffed ourselves to help prolong the memory.

They claim to be Las Vegas' "best" Chinese restaurant and the fact that on each visit we were just about the only non-Asians there would seem to prove them right.
The dim sum is mediocre but the prices were moderate.. We were seated right away but after that there was no customer service whatsoever.. We had to ask multiple times for someone to bring us water and tea, something that is usually done right away without being requested.. The ladies that walk around with push carts kept asking if we wanted anything but how are we supposed to eat when the basics haven't been covered yet? I have never received such lack luster service from a dim sum restaurant.. I would probably return again if they improved their waitstaff but the likelihood of that is not likely.. Sorry but you'll just have to try again, because for now you fail..
Oh Dim Sum...How I missed you so. After living in Albuquerque and leaving California I felt that like I was going through my Dim Sum withdrawals. 

It was nice to be reacquainted with the hustle and bustle of the ladies pushing the carts with nice steamed dumplings, baked pork buns, and deep fried desserts.  

To be honest with you, the dim sum here is good, but I wouldn't say its show stopping. Their Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, or lack there of, was over cooked at the time we were serviced. 

We did stumble upon one of the dim sum plates that I've never had before, it was a shrimp ball rolled in stick rice, and a broth like sauce much like egg drop soup was poured on top.... very delicious, flavorful, and filling. 

As with the other reviewers, they do charge $0.50 for a pot of tea, not so bad.

Would I come here again for Dim Sum? ... Well if I had a hankering for dim sum and was in Vegas, probably yes; otherwise, I would wait to go back to California for Dim Sum.
It's hard to believe, but the best dim sum in Las Vegas is NOT found in our burgeoning (and otherwise excellent) Chinatown district stretching along Spring Mountain Road. Instead, truly "world-class" dim sum is to be found in the Ping Pang Pong Restaurant in the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino.

Honest.

From your basic steamed buns & fried rice to more esoteric fare like chicken feet & jellyfish, Ping Pang Pong serves it all.

Situated in the back of the western half of the Gold Coast, it nevertheless has built a reputation for authentic, tasty dim sum, so the lunch crowd is uniformly large. I recommend coming here when you have at least an hour to spend on your midday meal. Dim Sum may be Chinese fast food, but the price of Ping Pang Pong's excellence is crowds.

A note on the authenticity of Ping Pang Pong's cuisine: On several visits, I have been the most caucasian customer seated, and I'm half-filipino. Which brings me to another point: none of the waitstaff here seems to have a firm handle on English, so, although the service has always been excellent, ordering always seems to involve lots of gestures and nodding.

I have a kind of method to my own dim sum madness: I sit down, order some tea (or a beer), and wait for the carts to roll by. And, even if the dessert cart comes first, I start pointing to things that look good. One of my favorite desserts-as-appetizers are sesame balls filled with red bean paste. Another favorite appetizer: a steamed bun filled with a single, spicy Cantonese sausage. But I'm not finicky about what comes first. The point of a dim sum lunch is to enjoy as many different tastes as you can before you're completely topped off. Before long, I typically have as many as a dozen different dishes crowded onto my table.


As the helpful cart-pushers place each dish on your table, they mark your check with a stamp or a pen, indicating how many dishes you ordered & what "class" those dishes belong to. As far as I've been able to determine, the least expensive dishes run about 2 dollars while the most expensive run about 5 dollars. Because I am such a pig (ordering not only my favorites, but also anything I've never seen before), my bill is usually about 30 bucks, but you can have a nice, filling lunch for half of that.

The aforementioned jellyfish is light & vinegary, a little crunchy & slightly fishy, perfectly complemented with a splash of chili sauce, and I use it as a palette cleanser between courses. They also do a wonderful little bowl of sausage & egg fried rice. (One of the few dishes -- like the perfectly-fried chicken wings -- that my diehard midwestern Princess feels brave enough to eat.) Unlike most westerners, I am comfortable with the texture of gelatinous food, and Ping Pang Pong offers an incredible serving of spicy beef tendon, slow-cooked with onions and sprinkled with chili flakes.

Other highlights include:

* The rice-noodle rolls, where the gooey white noodles are wrapped around a filling like beef or a crunchy pastry and the whole thing gets bathed in a brothy sauce. The overall texture of the dish is a flavorful jelly filled with bits of chewiness -- again, not a combination one finds in the average American eatery.

* The steamed-chicken & glutinous rice wrapped in a leaf, where the wrap (a lotus leaf? a banana leaf?) effectively stews the mixture of chicken & rice into soupy goodness that's best addressed with a spoon.

* Char-siu ribs, the red spare-ribs that are sweet & chewy awesomeness. I go at these with my bare hands and generally leave the restaurant with a fair amount of the meat still stuck between my teeth.

* Steamed meatballs, either ground beef or pork, mixed with some bits of veggie and wrapped with a thin skin of egg, these are stick-to-your-ribs meaty & delicately spongy, and they absolutely scream for generous dollops of chili sauce.

I could go on, but you get the point. In a city that built the lowbrow end of its culinary reputation on the all-you-can-eat buffet, the dim sum lunch at Ping Pang Pong Restaurant offers a sublime alternative: a cornucopia of flavors at a very reasonable price. And the buffet rolls past your table, instead of you having to get up and walk to it. Talk about convenience.

Anytime you feel like braving the wilds of the Gold Coast to get to dim sum heaven, I'd be happy to meet you there.
I usually hit up Ping Pang Pong a couple of times a month. It is always packed with degenerate Asian gamblers and their families. It is located inside the Gold Coast which is notorious for having this type of clientele. 

I am always the only caucasian person here but I don't care. I love ethnic food especially dim sum which I was not able to get back east unless I traveled to Boston's Chinatown. I did not do this at all. 

I always opt to sit at their dining island which over looks the action in the kitchen. It's like watching a show. Very entertaining. Always 3 cooks manning the hot woks and 2 guys pumping out different types of dim sum. I flag down the cart pushers and they stop. I have never tried any of the crazy stuff like chicken feet or squid. I know what I like and i go for it hard. 

I usually end up getting lo mai gai, sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf. This is simple and good. Little bits of chinese sausage in the rice. I order the pan fried pot stickers which are juicy and hot. Shu mai are made with pork and shrimp. Har gow are shrimp dumplings. Shrimp and scallion cakes are pan fried. Bbq pork buns are fluffy.

Everything is served small plate style perfect for sharing. And everything is very inexpensive. I think like $2.35 per dish. I have not tried anything off their full menu but i'm sure it delicious. Dim Sum is daily till 3:00pm I believe. But the rest of the menu is served after that and the restaurant is open till 3:00am.

I think the dim sum is better quality and fresher here than at Orchid Gardens.
This place is a disaster!

We went on a Sunday Night for dinner. They have a big dim sum service on Sunday morning/afternoon which basically leaves them with no food on Sunday night. We tried to order appetizers, but they literally did not have any left. NONE! No spring rolls, no potstickers, nothing! Seriously people, if you are out of food close the restaurant, don't stay open and disappoint your customers because they can't order what they want.

As for the foods that they did have, my sister ordered the duck, I ordered the orange chicken, my brother-in-law ordered a brisket thing and our friend ordered the chicken chow mein. The cooks all make different foods and don't sync up the food to come out at the same time. So when an entree is done they bring it out to your table, even if the other entrees aren't ready yet. The duck came first, it was a few minutes before the orange chicken came out, and then another 5 minutes at least before the chow mein came out. This would be fine it you are eating family style and everyone is sharing everything, but if you are ordering and eating your own entree like we were it creates a big problem. You can either be rude and eat your food while it's hot, or be polite and wait for everyone to get their food while yours gets cold.

You will notice that I said my brother-in-law ordered a brisket something but I didn't mention when it got delivered. That's because we never got it! Another problem with the way they bring the food out is if they forget something, you just kind of assume it's still coming, and you don't think to ask about it. Our waitress never ordered the brisket, and we didn't discover this until it was too late.

As for the food itself, my sister was happy with the duck, but I didn't try it as duck is not my thing. The orange chicken was okay, but I've had much better.

Obviously being as our server forgot to order one of our entrees I'm not going to give the service a very high mark. Additionally, the atmosphere of the restaurant was really bad. It's located in the casino, very close to all the slot machines and casino action and as a result is very loud. It's a small space and they try to cram as many people in as possible so its very cramped and uncomfortable.

So to review, the food is bland but okay, the service and atmosphere sucks and if you go on Sunday night (and I would assume Saturday too) expect them to be out of everything.
This place is great. When we got there 1pm on a Saturday afternoon during a holiday long weekend it was busy. I am not sure if this was usual, but we waited for about 15 min which was fine. Its located inside the casino so there is plenty of scenery to look at while you wait. Doesn't matter if your really hungry, because the moment you hit your table hundreds of Delicious hot dim sum dishes are coming around your table to choose and ask what is what. All of the food looks so different and tasty so be careful when picking because its easy to overload your table with these dishes. lol All the food was incredible. The service was quick and efficient. We will definalty be back! 
Oh and if you want to work some calories off after lunch or dinner, there is a bowling ally just upstairs from the restaurant! it was only 12 bucks for my hubby and I to play a game with show rentals! 
Thanks Ping Pang Pong
Having given up on Dim Sum upon my move to Las Vegas six years ago, I had done all my mourning of not being able to drive to Monterey Park from West LA for a Sunday post-clubbing ritual.  I was not expecting much when I arrived at Ping Pang Pong this past weekend, but began to fan little fires of hopes when I saw a restaurant filled with Chinese people and outfitted with a long line also filled with Chinese people.

When they served us a steaming pot of Chinese red tea (forget the stereotypical Jasmine green), my hopes went from little flames to a pretty sizable campfire.  When the cart arrived and I had to explain to the Chinese cart-tender lady what I was looking for since she only spoke marginal English, I felt like I traveled through space and was suddenly in Arcadia.  

My favorites, Siu Mai and Har Gow, more than passed the test.  Siu Mai was surprisingly topped with fish eggs, which added a much-welcomed dynamic in texture.  Har Gow was delicious due to fresh shrimp fillings and a properly-made dough that didn't dry up after five minutes on the cart like the other Vegas Dim Sum joints.  My new adventure, Rice Paper-Wrapped Youtiao (Chinese fried bread stick) filled with Pork, was a perfect combination of tastes, textures, and ingredients. 

Our late arrival cost me my Dim Sum must-have: egg tarts; which provides me with a good reason to come back and visit this Sunday.  In the future, I will no longer avoid restaurants that are in funky casinos like the Gold Coast.  I could be missing out on a lot of yummy egg tarts.
Best chinese food in las vegas for sure. I eat here on a regular basis!!! Best shrimp fried rice :) Only thing is that service is not always the best- so four stars!
Some Yelpers recommended me to this place for good Dim Sum. It was decent, but very much lacking in variety. We were also almost as far from the kitchen as you can get (the left side), and on our way out we saw that the other side of the restaurant got way many more dishes than we were offered.

My favorites were the Chow Mein, BBQ Pork puffs and sesame balls with Red Bean paste in them. Other than those things, I could have gone without. The cart ladies don't speak much English, so you might end up with an accidental (or intentional) order of Chicken Feet as well.

I usually love the boneless ribs (those red ones or the honey glazed ones) at Dim Sum places, but they didn't have them here. I though I might have missed them on the cart, but the waitress confirmed.

Due to the variety of food, the temperature of the food by the time it reached us, and just how it tasted in general, I wouldn't come back here. The prices were good though and unlike many other Dim Sum places, our waitress was very attentive to our drink refill needs.
It's more like 3.5 stars.
The food and service were both good.  The selection of food was limited but the available items we thought were interesting.
I was majorly disappointed at this DIMSUM place.  To read the reviews about this place and  my gf telling me it is good there...I was willing to go through the smoky smell of the casino just to have a taste of my favorite type of Chinese Meal.
The place was rather small.  I was expecting bigger.  So with a smaller place...there were less carts to go around and less choices.  It took a while before the chow mein came to the table and was not one of the choices on the cart.  
The custard bun was not filled with custard which disappointed my son. 
The othere dishes was ok and not even worth talking about much.  
They did not come around to see if we needed refills on our drinks.  My son actually had to go to the ladies in the front (cashier) to ask for refills. 

Overall our experience in PING PANG PONG was not good and so far my recommendations still to go to ORCHIDS GARDEN.

The price- outrageous!!!!  For what we were charged....I have paid for 3 people at Orchids. 

Atmosphere- mediocre.
Food-blah,dry, not much choices
Price-Outrageous
Reviews-overrated
location-sucky smelly casino to go through
service-sucky.not attentiveed.
Best dim sum I've ever had in Vegas! I will have to make a point to come here on each Vegas trip! There is a line, but we got there just in time we didn't have to wait too long. They have all my favorite dim sum carts so I'm not complaining there. All so tasty. Didn't try anything off the menu but the dim sum won my heart so... can't wait til next time, Ping Pang Pong! 

Such a cute name. :)

Oh, service was okay. It's Chinese (I'm Chinese) so you know how it goes.
Not bad for the Gold Coast and I would come again.  Below average if comparing to So Cal.  Limited variety.  Decent taste, nothing offending.  Average prices.  Less quantity per order on some items - check the uploaded images.
I've never had dim sum before so I really don't have anything to compare it to. It was about 1pm when we went there and this place was so crowded that there was a line to get in. Luckily it was only a party of 2 for us so we got in quick. I love the carts. I kept grabbing so many different things and realized that it might be too much. Next time I'll know to limit my selections.

When I go back to vegas, I'll stop by this place again.
Ping Pang Pong = Dim Sum FUN!!!  

So we've been talking about going to get Dim Sum for probably over a year now, honestly!  We finally got around to it this weekend and I can't believe what I've been missing!  Turns out it's like a backwards buffet, except the food is way fresh and instead of going to get it yourself, there are these lovely ladies that bring around an assortment of tasty Chinese treats on carts. The food is hot, fresh and oh soooo savory!  My favorite was the devilishly, delicious fried crab claw and the seaweed salad was scrumptious on the side.  Make sure to ask for some of the chili sauce for dipping those claws though, and it goes well with pretty much everything else too ;) I'm Very much looking forward to a return visit to try some new and exciting culinary delights.
PUKE!!!!!!! Go hit Chia Town aka Spring Mountain Rd from "The Strip up to Decatur" and you are garunteed to have better food. Not to mention the waiter charged me twice for my melee which I discovered two days later looking at a bank statement. Went in to talk to the manager, he was nice. but was unable to help me. DONT EAT HERE
Went to Ping Pang Pong for lunch and had dim sum.  The food tasted fine, but the selection was not that great.  It is a small place, so the carts come around ofter.  The prices seemed pretty good.  Seems a bit cheap to charge for tea, but at least they have loose leaf tea.  Places that use tea bags and claim to be Chinese restaurants piss me off.  :)
man! this place smokes about 1/2 the chinese restaurants on spring mountain!! the food is DELICIOUS here! very authentic!! chinese cooks, chinese waiters, and a bunch of chinese people inside the restaurant! you know it's good chinese food when you see a whole gang of chinese people in there chowing down!! besides the full menu, during the day, they serve dim sum! i've been here a few times and have always ordered the chinese sausage fried rice (which is made with egg whites and thinly sliced chinese broccoli steams) and salt & pepper pork chops! my boyfriend and i went on valentine's day this past monday and i decided to venture out and order the wonton noodle soup!! that was not a disappointment... the broth was delicious and the wontons were very plump with pork & shrimp. kind of reminded me of the wonton noodle soup in hong kong!! i can bet that 1/2 of the cooks came straight from hong kong! the style of cooking there is very very very cantonese! definitely will bring family there when they come into town next time.... sorry sam woo... i found a new joint!! PING PANG PONG! i love saying that name!! LOL hahahahhaha! OH! 1 more thing... they are open until 3am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's good, esp considering since there's really no other place I know of to get good dim sum around the Vegas area.
We ordered the shrimp har gow, the siu mai, some chive thing that is first steamed, then fried on both sides.  BF got his steamed pork buns and ate every last one.  I got some porridge since I had been sick, and it was helped me feel better, love the crispy wontons.
I was pretty stuffed.  Dimsum for two.. about $30, pretty reasonable, or average, depends on how you look at it, and how much you eat.
It was nice to have dimsum in LV, but it was just okay.  Nothing to rave about.  Maybe I'm just jaded by the plethora of dim sum restaurants I live by.
Not sure what these people are nagging about

They must not like you or something haha, went there two days in a row for my stay in Vegas and had nothing to complain about this restaurant

Yeah the price is a little high but you are in a casino not in Chinatown, that's like saying the prices of food inside a theater is pricey, hello look where you're at

Its refreshing to finally find an actual Chinese restaurant after eating 3 days of burgers and well...white food
Came here by the recommendation of a friend, who along with others, classified this as the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. It was a bit tough to find, but that's expected with most restaurants in Vegas hotels. Let's skip the details and just go straight to the food:

- King Du Pork Chops: Very tender for pork, but tasted a lot like orange chicken, minus the chicken part. Pretty good dish overall if you like that Panda Express takeout taste.

- Walnut Prawns: Somehow every place I go to has their own spin on walnut prawns which makes them unique. Here, the batter was very thin, which is always good. Who wants to be eating more dough than shrimp? The shrimp themselves were quite large and the sauce not too sweet. One of the best walnut shrimps I've had.

- Lamb Stew: Definitely not what I expected, especially for the price. This basically consisted of broth with vegetables and pieces of stewed lamb, for about $20. The lamb itself was nothing too special, and neither was the entire dish. If I took some time, I could easily make this at home.

-  Tofu: I forgot which dish this was, but look at the pictures if you want a better idea. This was a pretty typical tofu dish that our veggie friend typically orders. It was full of flavour from the sauce, not too spicy, and done just right.

- Hot and Sour Soup: Also pretty typical, although I feel like they made it too sour. I love the consistency of this soup, which they got just right, but everything else was just so-so.

-  Veggie Noodles: I hate noodles that are way too fat, which is what you get typical takeout places. This, however, was the complete opposite. Nicely sized noodles, lots of veggies, and cooked well. Not much else to comment on.

- Gobo Beef: This was definitely the highlight of the night. The dish contained probably the softest beef I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. It pretty much melted in my mouth, and the sauce just made it that much better. This is a must have if you come here.

Overall, all of the dishes were pretty typical of a Chinese restaurant, with the exception of Gobo Beef. I'm sure there are better and more authentic Chinese places in Vegas, but this place was a pretty pleasant surprise in the overcrowded Vegas restaurant scene.
Food was o.k.  We went here at 130pm so food wasn't as fresh as we wanted ( as they serve dim sum up until 3pm.)  

Temperture of food could have been hotter, but the flavor was there.  Not the best ,but not the worst, just ok.
after being away from decent chinese food for a week, this place hit the spot. I'm from boston, so I wont say this was the best dim sum ever, but it was good enough. unfortunately, its located off the strip inside the gold coast...and a little maze to find it.
I love this place! The dim sum is amazing!! I love the food from the carts...no need to order off the menu! Your imagination is the limit the carts offer everything from chicken feet to seaweed salad!!

The staff is friendly and helpful!
Best dim sum in Vegas!
We first visited this place in August 2009.  We had seen the billboards around town, but thought the name couldn't reflect an authentic chinese restaurant - but gave it a shot anyway.  We were pleasantly surprised that it was an authentic dim sum restaruant - and inside a casino no less!  The dim sum was not the best we've ever had, but it was above average; certainly better than other places we had tried in Vegas up to that point.  Price was reasonable, and we knew we would be back.  Gave it 4 stars.

UPDATE: 
We returned on 2011-04-16 for dim sum lunch.  Food was still reasonably good, but it seems to have lost a bit in the quality.  They were out of some items we wanted such as har gow (we got there a bit late), and the food overall seemed to lack some seasoning; some of the sauces seemed watered down.  We'll keep coming back to this place for dim sum until we find something better in Vegas, but have lowered the rating to 3 stars.  See my other reviews of other places in Vegas.
My parents love this place for dim sum so we were all dragged here.  At first, we were dim sum in a casino?  Really?  You know what, they serve authentic chinese dim sum.  Actually, I was surprised that the dim sum was pretty good.  I agree with Ed C. some of the sauces seems a little watered down.  

Highlights that I can remember:
The BBQ buns (steamed and baked) were good!
Steamed spareribs were good, a tab bit too spicy for me.
Steamed rice wrapped in green leaves - YUM!
Rice soup with shredded pork and preserved egg - YUM YUM!
Almond tofu dessert - 1 Yum and a Yeah!
There isn't really any place for dimsum right on Las Vegas Blvd, so if you're craving some dimsum, this place isn't too bad of a choice.  PPP goes oldschool with their dimsum carts, featuring congee or bean curd dishes.  I really enjoyed their char siu rice rolls, which had large pieces of bbq pork in them.  I thought their Siu Mai was just average, they were pretty small actually.  But overall, the dimsum was good.

We didn't receive great service here, the dimsum carts came but the rest of the employees ignored us when we needed some plum sauce or water.  But I wasn't too surprised, if you want the authentic Chinese restaurant experience, you have to expect the not-so stellar service.

I prefer to hit the Chinatown area for dimsum but if you are staying at a hotel on the strip, PPP isn't too far out the way to get yourself a dimsum fix with some authentic dishes.
Would normally say this is a 4 star as I have had better but this is 5 stars for Vegas Chinese.  I have tried a bunch of places but cant remember the names to give the reviews.

I need to get more active on here.  Its such a useful site maybe even become an ELITE however you do that  (many yelpers are as questionable as many of the restaurants but hours and location & entertainment of reading the reviews as I dine is much fun)

Every dish was a pleasure.  The tea, the Hot & Sour, the service, the 4 dishes we shared at the table all were very very good.

Packed with Asian patrons for what thats worth?!?!  I felt like it meant a lot since its in the middle of a Casino and not in Chinatown.

Will make the trip back until soon.
The BF had a craving for late night dim sum and so I went on a search to find who serves even a small selection throughout the day. 

It's not on the dinner menu, but I was told you can order dimsum from the kitchen late night for $2.88 each. The selection is limited and depends on what didn't sell that morning. Hey, it's better than nothing....the only late night dimsum (Kan's) closed. 

We ended up getting:

Shrimp Har Gao- the shrimp and wrapper was fine, but I think the wrapper is slightly too thick.
Shumai- I did not like their version. Something about the taste just doesn't work for me and was just OK. 
Shrimp cake- these were tasty. They were panfried so it was crisp and inside was dense cake, shrimp and green onion. 

We also got off the menu:

Mapo Tofu ($7.95)- pretty good. The meat had a sausage like flavor to it which was interesting since most just throw plain ground meat. Tofu is always noms to me.

Salt&Pepper Pork Chop ($9.95)- the fry was light so the texture was nice. Funny that "salt" is part of the name, but it needed a tad more of that. 

I was surprised by the prices. I honestly thought it would be more at a casino, but it's about the same pricing as some of the nicer Chinese restaurant on Spring Mountain Rd. I think it was very fair priced and the quality was good. 

The service was friendly and pretty on it with drinks and checking up on us. 

Will be coming back for daytime dimsum....one of these days we'll actually wake up early enough for it.
VERY authentic. Makes sense as the head chef dim sum was kidnapped by Mafiosos right out of Hong Kong. Every item you try, will either be a 3/5 star experience, or 4/5 star experience, but you'll have mostly 4/5 star experiences.

I dine fully comped, so I don't know if it's expensive or not, but dim sum here is one of the few reasons why I might want to wake up early-ish in Vegas.
I usually don't go to restaurants in casinos for authentic Chinese food, but I read the reviews on Yelp and wanted to give it a try.  We went to PPP on Friday evening for dinner.  We were seated right away and I like the modern decor of the restaurant. It is clean and neat. We ordered some spring rolls, HK style wonton noodles ,and shanhainese pan fried noodles.  They are all so delicious. I like them being not too salty.  

I will definitely come back again and try out their dim sum as I read that they are pretty awesome too.
Dim sum was good and fresh. Service was good. I thought it was on the pricey side 21 dollars for one person just seemed high.
It's an interesting setting for me. Dim sum inside a casino. I like how the waitress are all dressed in oriental outfit, matching the theme very well.

The food is just okay, I thought the chicken feet is too oily. Really had to keep drinking hot tea to wash it all away. New item that I try was the fish ball, which is not bad.

Very good customer services.
I've had dim sum in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Hawaii.  This is the best.  Huge selection on carts.  I love the honey glaze on the various baked cho so Bao. Hard to believe that you'd find such good dim sum in a casino.  Priced right too. 2.98 for most of the plates
The place was crowded and the service was so-so. They need more carts but no much room. However, the dim sum was actually good. Prices is more than other places off the strip but it's cheaper than dim sum on the strip. Free refills on soda, I haven't been to any places that serves dim sum where you can get free refills on soda.

I would only came here if I lived here, but a few places to visit before coming back.
Food is great.  Definitely must get the black pepper beef medallions.  Service is hit or miss.  Ironically enough, their actual servers, and especially bussers, give great service.  When they are busy or understaffed, and the managers step in to help, it goes down the drain.  They are slow, unattentive, and rude.  Eating by myself at Ping Pang Pong, a male manager waited on me one night.  After finishing my meal, I sat for 27 minutes (yes, I kept track) without receiving the check.  When I went to the front, where he was laughing with an employee, and asked for my check, he just rolled his eyes at me, and did not even apologize for the wait.
Black bean chicken - Sucked
Shrimp fried rice - Salty
Sesame Shrimp Rolls - Excellent

We tried this place because they advertised on their billboards how their restaurant won all these awards and they were right across the street from our hotel (the palms). The food is definitely authentic tasting, but it was very salty for my liking.

The black bean chicken was recommended by the manager waiting on us, and it was a bad a call. Sounded good, but it turned out not to be so great. Nonetheless when we ate all three items together the food didn't taste so bad.

Still, its definitely not AWARD winning like they paint themselves to be. I wouldn't mind eating here again: as long as I order something different.

I think our biggest mistake was ordering the fried rice. If we had white rice instead, and ordered two other meat dishes other than the black bean chicken it would have been fine.

Maybe i'll do that next time.

This restaurant definitely has potential, we just made poor choices in ordering our food.

Our fault. Service was good. A-Ok.
My dad will sometimes take us to eat here and I must say that it does it's magic on my Chinese-American taste buds. When we're here for dim sum, I will get anything shrimpy and fried with the sweet mayonnaise. How can you go wrong with the combination of those 3? My favorite of which are the sesame shrimp rolls. 

When we're here for dinner, we always get the Peking duck, walnut shrimp, and garlic snow pea chutes. At the sound of duck, my 4 year old will pounce for the legs and happily sit there for the next 10 minutes nibbling at them. The skin is crunchy and the duck is meaty compared to other restaurants that serve some starving ducks. Walnut shrimp are crispy fried shrimp with glazed walnuts covered in more of my favorite sweet mayonnaise. Snow pea chutes are ordered to get our vegetable intake for the evening and taste like almost any Chinese vegetable because it's always covered in a garlic, sesame oil stir fry. The snow pea chutes are just nice, tender. and really good at sopping up the garlicky goodness.

Overall, 4 stars because they have great food. I think it's a bit pricey because it's in a casino, but since I never have to pay for it (thanks dad!), the price is just right.
This is my favorite authentic Chinese restaurant.  It's located in the Gold Coast Casino and every time I've eaten here, I'm the only customer ordering in English.  This is authentic!  You can order off the menu or eat Dim Sum off the various food carts being rolled around the restaurant.  Personally, I think it's better to skip the menu and order whatever looks good on the carts.  We ordered all kinds of items off the carts with beer and our bill was only $50.  Everything was delicious, except the fried chicken feet, which even our waitress said she did not eat.  You don't want the chicken feet, but everything else we had off the carts was delicious.  Be prepared to be a little overwhelmed when you first sit down by the various food cart servers pitching you with all kinds of different food choices.  Just choose whatever looks good and pass on anything that doesn't, and stop ordering when your table looks like it has enough food on it.  Authentic Chinese restaurant ambiance-5 stars, Food-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Value-5 stars.
Five stars for Ping Pang Pong. Price, late-night hours, and excellent authentic Chinese food overcome the flaws with the rude, slow and often non-existent service. I recommend sitting at the counter where you can watch the cooks turn out the dishes and easily get the attention of one of the servers. 

I've eaten here three times now and have yet to walk away disappointed with the food. Highly recommended.
I've eaten at Ping Pang Pong twice now and had two very different meals with two very different outcomes. My first experience with PPP was for Dim Sum. It was absolutely delicious and very authentic. I've been eating at some of the great Dim Sum houses in Alhambra (East of Downtown LA) and surrounds for years and years and was quite surprised and pleased that PPP was able to serve up Dim Sum that was on par with some of the greats like Ocean Star and NBC (Both on Atlantic Blvd. Alhambra...Don't miss 'em). 

Ping Pang Pong serves a wide variety of Dim Sum and the carts filled with the steaming treats are plentiful. The prices are similar to places in Alhambra & Los Angeles, however, instead of placing four of something on a plate, they put three. Nonetheless, the food is terrific. Lunch for three very satisfied people was about $10-$12 per person...and we were stuffed. Bravo on Dim Sum PPP.

Now the downside to the story...

My second trip to the restaurant was for dinner. We ordered Hot & Sour Soup, Pineapple Beef, Seafood Noodles, and Squab in Lettuce Cups. Overall a great disappointment. 

The Hot & Sour soup was the best dish we ordered, so we started off the meal well. The Squab in Lettuce Cups were good, but not great...and a bit on the chintzy side. Because there were four of us, we were required to order two additional pieces of lettuce at $1 apiece. Come on...two extra dollars for two tiny pieces of lettuce? The Pineapple Beef had absolutely NO FLAVOR. It was terrible actually. I don't even think they put salt in it it was that tasteless. The pineapple chunks were straight out of a can...and the can was probably from the 99 Cent store. Just plain bad. The Noodles were about average from any Chinese restaurant. 

Towards the end of the meal I felt like I would only come back to this place for Dim Sum but some of my dinner companions disagreed. We did see dishes that looked really savory and tempting being served to other tables. The Walnut Glazed Shrimp looked amazing!  

The overall consensus was that we may have just ordered a couple of dishes that were lackluster and that Ping Pang Pong is worthy of another dinner experience. Their Dim Sum is first rate so I know they know how to cook.
Great Dim Sum!
Excellent food, not great service...
Overrated. Rated the best chinese restaurant in las vegas 2011? Are you kidding me?? Slow service, lazy server, absolutely outrageous price and very very slow dim sum cart. Who wanna wait half an hour outside and another half an hour to get a chicken feet??

I am sorry ping pang pong, you just feel like a ping pong then a true pang for my buck!
best dim sum spot in vegas!  the wait can be long during weekends lunch or dinner and you have to walk through the cloud of smoke to get to the restaurant.  but their food is excellent.  my fav. is their bbq pork bun (served only after 5pm) and they ALWAYS sell out of it fast!  i call in the order a day ahead to ensure i get my fix for those buns =)
It's convenient if you're staying at Gold Coast Hotel....they have cheap & good dimsum in there!  

The only downside...service is slow if you're gonna order from the menu or waiting for your check...server takes a while before you can get there attention.
Ping pang pong.  Well lets get some facts straight.  It's in Gold Coast.  No one expects a 5 star steak from a place like that,  It's chinese and it's better than panda express.  I had some Orange beef and man that stuff was good.  It was like a glaze rather than a sauce on it.  Made it pretty delicious.  Am i gonna go out of my way for it ? no. but if i go bowling there sometime then sure why not.
OMG WORST SERVICE EVER.
took a cab out from the strip bc of the great reviews.. should have just ate the noodle bar in caesars.  
ordered a tremendous amount from the menu...i expected more dim sum for dinner but they only had a few selections and the ones we chose were out... 
had chicken feet... i didnt eat but heard it was amazing.
fried rice was dry.
the dimsum we did have was good though..
chinese broccoli..i personally dont like so i cant really review it..
IMO, dont waste your time unless youre already tehre
Dim sum close to the strip!  Prices are reasonable and it's open late.
The only dim sum I've had in Vegas, but it's done well at Ping Pang Pong! Okay yes, the name is pretty ridiculous and stereotypical to Chinese people, but don't let that turn you off! This place is pretty legit.

A lot of reviewers mention that the wait is pretty crazy, but I've came here on weekdays only and never had to wait for a table, so maybe it's only crazy on weekends?

All the dishes we've had were good, but we've only came here for dim sum, so I'm not sure (but curious) how their other food is.

Service is decent, which I'm used to at Chinese restaurants, so it's good enough for me!

Kind of shocked that this place was noted as the 'Best Chinese Restaurant of 2011'. Is nothing good in Chinatown then? Haha.
Do I even have to give a star? In Australia we call this style of dining yum cha.  

Firstly, They say the kitchen closes at 3pm, and we arrived at 2pm. The dim sum cart came around once, then we were told to order from the menu if we wanted more food. The service was SHOCKINGLY BAD, they would ask you a question, and then ignore the answer, only to ask the question again, only to get caught up in a conversation with another server, only to ask the question again.

I can't even be bothered telling you all the other issues here, because I want to clear my head space from people/businesses like this.

NEXT!
*Looks into restaurant and sees a butt load of Chinese people* Aw hell yeah, this place CAN'T be bad!!

A butt load of Chinese people in an Asian restaurant + a wait line = this can't be too bad!!

Okay so this place wasn't bad at all, even with the ridiculous name BUT it just doesn't compare to what I get in SF. =X BUT the food here was still fairly decent for a dim sum place in a funny smelling casino! 

DIM SUM IS WHAT'S FOR LUNCH
Like most dim sum places you have women pushing around carts full of food asking if you want any of this or any of that, what they serve here is exactly what any other dim sum restaurant in SF would have. The food was okay and for sure did not and could not compare to the dim sum I get in SF but the BBQ pork fried rice was the best thing we had that afternoon. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say it was better than most BBQ pork fried rice dishes I've tried in SF. =X

SERVICE
Our waiter was quick, he took drink orders down (he memorized the drink orders) and a couple minutes later he was back with all the drinks! DAMN! Then we asked for BBQ pork fried rice, a couple minutes if not a minute later he comes back with it! 

CONCLUSION
I definitely wouldn't mind coming back here and who knows, maybe during my next Vegas trip I'll make a return. =)
I like the fact they have a legit dim sum place in Sin City. 

Variety is the spice of life.

Service- Chinese place so you know the drill. Hehateyou youhatehim.

Food Highlights:

Tripe white/yellow very tasty
Chinese broccoli
Salt pepper shrimp- ordered off menu- Yummy best dish of the meal.

Everything else is decent.

Issue with being double charged for salt pepper shrimp. unk if resolved or not.

Will be back.

Whatever you do do not order the Creamofsumyunguy.
Saw the signs that said they were voted the #1 best Chinese Restaurant in Las Vegas & they were right!  We all really enjoyed our meal.  
I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
I've never been a fan of eating dim sum but I was quite impressed with the dim sum here.  If you need a dim sum fix in Vegas, this is the place to go.  My favorites are the white tripe dish and the fried chicken wings.  I also really liked the bbq pork fried rice and shrimp dumplings.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
Good chinese food in the middle of the dessert. Didn't see the dim sum.
Not a band place to try, been here several times.....

1.  Parking - A bit of a hike as you have to go to the Gold Coast Casino parking and then walk to the restaurant. So it is what it is. Not to bad, not too close.

2.  Ambiance - I knock off a star for it being or having a very odd feeling. It is kinda open to the casino floor, and it seems to be that the restaurant was stuck here, rather than designed to be here.  You have to walk through the smokey casino to get to the restaurant and then there is always a lingering amount of smoke from the people smoking outside the restaurant.

3.  Note - You have to go to use the casino bathrooms, which while they are not far at all, you still have to go through the casino. Not an issue if you are a casino lover.

4.  Food - Not bad.  The carts of dim sum did not seem to weave an order that I could detect.  You have to flag them down. The food itself is good, yet when you have to search out the cart , wait and wait it dampers the experience a bit.  For this I knock off 1/2 a star.

5.  Service - Not bad, but kinda like "we are busy" and "you should be happy to wait for a table" type attitude.  This type of attitude does not bother me greatly, however, it also does not endear loyalty and a pleasant experience. With so many great restaurants opening up that serve dim sum, they need to up their game.

What happened?  They used to be highly rated and I find them to be pretty good, yet not highly rated.

Worth a try for sure.
cheap and good...
Disappointed that they do not have Xiao Long Bao... though it was mentioned on yelp that they do.
Like many others, we opted for PPP on a random late Vegas night.  The food was alright (went for the veggie noodles) and although better than some other places I've tried, it really didn't hit the spot for me.  Plus, we came on a kind of busy night...? It took quite a while to get seated even though it wasn't too busy looking and a bunch of empty tables available.  Rough night for them?  Maybe.  Food was enticing enough to maybe return for a 2nd round.. hopefully my experience is better next time.
This place has been voted as the best Dim Sum place in Vegas. Hard to believe the selection of dim sum restaurants have to hold up their standards to this location, especially in Vegas, when the Chinese demographic is booming. Not a lot of choices here, seating is small, therefore, their is a long line before coming in, and some of the dishes are seriously over priced. A dish of Chinese broccoli is $9! That's like buying 8 bundles of fresh Chinese broccoli.
Dim Sum in Vegas is a great thing.

Problem is these idiots don't know how to sit people in order. Stood in line for 30 mins while people behind was seated first because they had bigger parties. First come first serve numb nutts.

Food was decent, but shu mai never came our way wtf?

They should call this place Ping Pang Pow, because I was about to slap the dam mgr upside his fat head.

I gave a 20% tip anyways, our server was ok and I am not a monster.
Ping Pang Pong is definitely one of my top choices for dim sum here in Vegas.  

First, the restaurant is small so it doesn't take too terribly long for the carts to circulate and deliver piping hot dim sum foods to you!  I am not a fan of luke warm dim sum.  This is often a problem when a place isn't busy and things circulate for too long or when a place is too big and the carts have travel vast distances from kitchen to patron.  

They offer all of my faves like chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, baked char shiu bau (sp?), shrimp and chive nuggets, crab balls, chow fun, shiu mai (sp?).  OK, OK I admit I have absolutely no idea how to name or spell most of the hot tiny treasures but I love to eat them!  One complaint here at ping pang pong, is that they serve the oyster sauce on the side of the chinese broccoli....I must prefer a heart drizzle evenly over the top.  

They are friendlier than most but still the service is abrupt, semi-angry, and without any normal pleasantries.  This is to be expected from most Chinese establishments, especially dim sum.  But the attitude adds to the experience if you ask me!  

If it is your first crack at dim sum, this may be the best place to try it.  The ladies pushing the carts even explained what was in some of the items!  Revolutionary.  

Dim sum at ping pang pong is better than most here in town but not the best ever, but definitely worth a try!!!
Great authentic food, always comes fast and fresh. If you are only accustomed to americanised Asian food then this is not your place.  I love coming here.
One of the better Chinese restaurants in Vegas. Ordered roasted lamb, duck, and noodles. Pretty authentic flavor, but nothing terribly spectacular.
Very good food. Nice waitress. Reasonable price.
People in Las Vegas are usually too drunk or just not smart enough to realize what bad service looks like. 

I have been coming here for 3 years because the Gold Coast comps me all the time. The Food has always been 5-stars, but the service is so bad that in the last 2 years, I have NEVER left a tip. And everyone around this town knows I am a big tipper. I mean, my local sushi spot is a place in NW Las Vegas called "Sushi Bomb". The chefs and servers are so friendly and nice to me that even though my bill comes out to $32.00, I will pay with a $100 and tell them to keep the change. So Yes, I am not afraid to tip if the service is that good. 

What is wrong with Ping Pang Pong? At 1st I thought it was a cultural misunderstanding. I noticed that most the workers speak barely any English and most are from Mainland China and not Taiwan(Taiwanese restaurants are always much more friendly). But, even other Chinese people who come here get into big fights with the servers and complain all the time about how bad the service is. 

Common problems here: 
-You go up to the counter and wait for the host to seat you or put you on the list. 15 minutes later, the host will not come over. She won't even give you eye contact or say: "I will be right with you". When the host finally comes she doesn't even know how to seat you. You would think that since this has been her job for the last 2-3 years she would have finally figured out how to do it right, but somehow she still hasn't got it down. Common sense says that the person at the front of the line should be the person you should service, but she will just pick a random person at times. 
-Many times(and this happens a lot) a drunk from the casino who doesn't have the coherency to stand in line will attempt to cut infront of you. The server WILL seat him instead even though you shout at her that the drunk cut in line. 
-After waiting about 40minutes, you will get seated. After that you will have to wait another 15-20 minutes for your server to come take you order. 
-Another 35-40minutes later your food will finally arrive. Sometimes(and this happens a lot also) your food will NEVER arrive, and you will have to complain to the servers. They somehow lose your orders a lot here. If your order does come, many times the order will be WRONG. This is a headache because now you will have to wait another 30 minutes for the right one to come out.
-Once the server takes your order, you will NEVER see another server come around ever again. If you want srirachi or water...tough luck because no ones is gonna get it for you! No one will ever even come around 1 time to check up on you or ask you if there is anything you need. Yet, these people still expect a tip?
-If there is a mistake with the bill(example-they charged you for something you didn't order-And this happens here a lot too), the staff speaks such limited English that is will take forever for you to get them to understand  what your problems is.


Now the thing I see a lot is that many people will complain about all of the things I listed above. They will complain about how bad the service is, yet they will still leave a tip! By leaving a tip you are just encouraging them to keep up their rude, lazy and incompetent service.  Okay I will admit that The food here at Ping Pang Pong is the best Chinese Food in the world....So it is only justified that the service should meet up to the standards of how good the food is. So my solution to end the bad service here for good is to STOP TIPPING until they learn. 

I know the management reads these things. They know who I am. I am the guy who wears the Burberry Coats and I usually show up with  2 extremely tall Japanese and Korean-Americans. We come almost every week.

.....btw, the service is so slow that expect to be here for 2-3 hours.
An overrated stinkhole that failed to deliver good service and food. I wanted to leave this place as soon as we got the check. I looked on at gamblers with envy, at least they had the potential to get their money back. The glitzy massive billboards and numerous reviews that laud this place as one of the best Chinese food restaurants are misleading. Maybe that distinction was right in the past but I couldn't find anything that would qualify as "best".  I should've known with a name like Ping Pang Pong. 

The problems began in the beginning. Once seated we were ignored for a good time and my sister had to get up and ask for drinks. The food that came was unmemorable and smelled odd, even for a Chinese restaurant. The Cantonese Princess Chicken was cold, bony, and slathered in oil. Our noodle dish was over seasoned with curry powder and had a pungent odor. It left my stomache feeling uneasy as I was driving home. The only food I liked was the sauteed Chinese brocolli and soup, unfortunately that's not enough to warrant a visit. Overall, I wouldn't recommend coming here especially when there are plenty of better options in the valley.
The food & dim sum was just ok, nothing special sigh. Got there around 2pm so most the dessert stuff was all gone. So if your a dessert person go early. Was waiting for the tea person and they came towards almost the end of our meal. I was a bit upset about that. We didn't even get any water or anything.

Also I love rice noodle shrimp but their rice noodle skin is thick which I don't like and they don't have the sweet soy sauce sauce its a sesame oil with sugar water. Doesn't taste good but the shrimps are big and de-veined so that's good somewhat hehee. Some dim sum things they changed to make a little twist or something but I think I'm kind of old fashion when it comes to Dim Sum unless it's new desserts hehee. 

Order a lot of dim sum stuff and nothing was like wow.
Order some fried rice and it was so oily and almost no favor =T 
I wouldn't go back to eat unless it was comp.
When it comes to the dim sum: Har gow, shiu mai, sesame balls, chicken feet, pai guat, mango puddng, and all that other stuff of deliciousness, this is probably one of the cleaner, more efficient places I've been to. It's small so it's not chaotic. Plenty of food to go around and order. 

For a chinese restaurant, the service is pretty decent. People are attentive enough to notice that a cart moving around isn't enough to meet all your needs... If you want to order off the menu, they got some pretty decent choices too.

For food, convenience, service, cleanliness, 4-stars.
Not a food snob when it comes to trying Asian, but I will not eat at PF Changs.  There is something to be said about Asian restaurants- they aren't corporate American. They don't care to know who you are, they just want to serve good food at a good price and get you the hell out.  I love it!

Walk in and find the cashier. She will show you to a clean table without even saying anything. The server assistant will come around and ask if you want a beverage. Tip: don't order the wine. It's served from a twist cap single serving 6 pack. My friend almost threw up. HAHA. The server comes by and asks if we're ready to order. We were. The food came out about 10 minutes later, if that.

The food is shareable so be careful how much you order. One plate of rice is good for 4 people and two entrees is good for 4 people. I looked at the cooks to notice none of them talking, they were just busting out the food. The server checked on us once and then asked if we wanted to go boxes. They brought them over, boxed up the food and we paid.

If you go to an Asian restaurant and it's full of Asians then they must be doing something right. This place is full of them.
Everytime I go to Las Vegas, I would find a morning to have dim sum at Ping Pang Pong.  Even I live in LA, a place have tons of dim sum restaurant.  For my taste preference, Ping Pang Pong offers much better taste than any other dim sum place in LA.
You should go early unless you want to wait for at least an hour.
Wandered around this place half a year ago. Took a look at the menu near the entrance and thought this is probably a very Americanized Chinese restaurant. Half a year later, I was driving around town and noticed a billboard saying they're voted the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. 

So I gave them a try. The first thing came to my mind - Gold Coast is better than I thought. After minutes of walking through the casino, I finally made it to the restaurant. It's an open space meaning people outside can see inside. The tables are placed in an traditional way and may seem to be too closed to each other if you expect more privacy. 

I had no idea they had a long line waiting outside. I was there for at least half an hour. By the time I left there was no line. They did have a waitress come out and ask for party size but I don't think it helped at all.

It was lunch time, so beside regular menu, they have lots of dim-sum served as well. Actually people go there just for the dim-sum for lunch. I had 9 dishes plus one dessert. (yes I ate it all by myself) Not very good, but not bad either. Also had a mushroom tofu which I couldn't finish there, it was pretty yummy. 

I expected the bill to be around 70, but surprisingly it was 47 after tax. Some of the dim-sum I ordered were only 2.88 and some are 3.88, not even close to the price I thought it would be. (Dim-sums are divided into two categories. Every time you get something, they stamp on your paper accordingly) 

I laughed when I got the bill.The pronunciation of 8 in Chinese is similar to "get rich". The pricing is pretty authentic to Chinese culture.
Ping Pang Pong is best dim sum place in Vegas except Jasmine in Bellagio. I've lived in Los Angeles for 15 years and I am telling you this is a really good dim sum place but you have to come here early. You have to come here before noon time (they open at 10am) to have most fresh and tasty dim sum. My fav dishes are sausage bao, custard tarts, porridge, pearl rice balls,har gow,scallions and chicken feet.

The only reason can bring me to gold coast hotel is having dim sum at Ping Pang Pong and hot pot at Noodle Exchange. Otherwise I would never step into this hotel because the environment. However I keep coming back here for food twice a month. Now you can figure out how much I enjoy their food :)
My comments are pretty much the same as everyone elses - excellent food... slow, methodical service. Take a patience pill and you will have an excellent meal
This is my absolute favourite Chinese restaurant EVER!  I like it so much I used the British way of spelling favorite. Imagine that! A 'u' right in the centre of the word!

I always get the Singapore noodles whilst restraunting (it's a verb, too) this place. My flavourite (coined a new word) dish is the walnut prawns.
Best Dim Sum in Las Vegas. It's actually affordable here considering its in a casino.I love the name...everything this is made pretty fresh and Sunday's it gets busy so be prepared to wait...
I did not expect much when going into the Gold Coast. 

This was definitely an experience I would recommend to everyone.

For starters we had siopao and also ordered West Lake Beef Soup. Wow that a very tasty beef soup loaded with various vegetables. 

I ordered the Cantonese duck. Must say that was the best duck dish I ever had set my mouth into. For $12.95 it was a steal!

My wife had the lamb tenderloin. I've never had lamb tenderloin before this, and was very impressed with the taste & texture of the lamb. Was cooked perfectly. The vegetables mixed in with this dish could not have been a better choice.

For 2 people at dinner, we paid just over $50. Not terrible considering the quality we received.
Just came back from Vegas.  Got to try this dim sum place second time around and decided to write a review.  The dim sum tastes freshly made.  Flavor is good.  Price is reasonable.  Its located inside Gold Coast casino Las Vegas.  Get there for dim sum early, like around 10:30 -11:30.  It gets busy around noon and usually there is a line.  Cann't recommand anything specific.  Overall the food was good.  Will go there again next time in Vegas.
Service was HORRIBLE!!!  How the hell do you serve the entrees WITHOUT the rice?  Or serve the adults drinks, and NOT the kids??  The food wasn't GREAT..but I'm from Cali, and know what GREAT Chinese food tastes like.  I'm NEVER going back there.
It's your average Chinese restaurant. The dishes aren't extraordinary as it's the same as anywhere else in Chinatown. (Maybe it's because I'm from San Francisco, and our Chinese food here is BOMB.) The location is just much nicer, since it's located inside a casino. The utensils and the restaurant is really clean.
I have been to Ping Pang Pong for Dim Sum and it was ok.  I do not remember it being great as I love dim sum and will drive almost an hour to China Town in Los Angeles to have it.  And I have never gone out of my way to drive a few minutes to have dim sum at Ping Pang Pong.  Tonight my husband and I had dinner at Ping Pang Pong.  It was awful.  Not bad awful, terrible awful.  I had the Chilean sea bass which was deep fried in greasy oil.  Seems they deep fried it to avoid the fishiness.  But it did not take away the fishy taste.  My husband had the duck and it was not great.  He was hungry after the duck and we ordered the Gobo Beef dish.  it was so awful we both took a bite and that was it.  Left the entire dish.  We have eaten lots of meals and I have never seen my husband leave a full plate of food.  Service was not great but that never is an issue if the food is good.  The quality of the fish and duck and meat was crap.  The reviews for the dim sum were all pretty good, but having tried the food over dinner, there's no way we will ever go back there.  Still burping from that meal and I think I may be seeing it come back up very soon.
Shrimp ball,shrimp buns,fried shrimp,steamed shrimp...Shrimp Buffet n Noodles!!haha A whole bunch of small dishes with a BIG price tag!Its VEGAS and if yor craving the far east jump in the cab and say "olympic garden!"oh youre Hungry??!! i thought u said something else!haha Go to panda express and use the rest of yo loot on some designer socks.
Definitely good but not great.  If your looking for a safe bet at the Gold Coast this is definitely a good choice.
This place has hands down the best pork buns in the universe. If you had a spaceship named the Millenium Falcon, you still could not travel far enough in this universe to find better pork buns. I could have eaten 100 of them. Everything else was very good too. I had never tried that rice porridge stuff before, but my girl got some from the dim sum cart and that stuff is way better than it looks lol. Everything we got was really very good, but the pork buns just blew me away. Every time I go to Vegas for the rest of my life, I will eat at this restaurant and probably pig out on the pork buns in the most disgustingly gluttonous way possible lol. I can't stop thinking about them. sooooo good. Ambiance is very nice too, and the service was very friendly and attentive.
we ordered there orange chicken, kong pao chicken, and there beef medallions 
the orange chicken was down right nasty. i wouldnt recc it to anyone. 
the kong pao chicken was decent but not good.
and the beef medallions were ok

i wouldnt go back unless it was really late at night and there was little to no options but its def not something that youd be running back to.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Great authentic Chinese food tucked away in a casino off the strip (Gold Coast). If you find yourself staying at the Rio or Palms, it is a worthwhile walk. It's worth a drive from anywhere else.

I went there twice on my last trip to Vegas. The first time I got jellyfish and calamari with veggies in a hot sauce (a chef's special). I admit I was drawn to it for its "weirdness," but also to prove to myself that it doesn't matter what you order. If you have an open mind, this place is a foodie adventure. Anyway, this dish was great. I started with the squab and pork lettuce cups, which were a little heavy on the lettuce, but they really didn't skimp on the meat either. Perfect amount of salt and tangy. Again, really good.

My second night there I had the Cantonese sausage fried rice and lamb tenderloin (more along the lines of what I would usually order) and it was very flavorful. Across the board, they do a great job with balancing flavors - hot and sweet, and a little hint of ginger when you are not expecting it. 

Also, you gotta love $3.50 Tsing Tao beer...

Service is a little spotty, but I was dining alone and checking email/Facebook in the gaps, so I got by alright.

I highly recommend this place. Especially if your idea of Chinese food is that it should come out of a cardboard box. This is the kind of place that proves this cuisine can be as good as any other in a sit down restaurant setting.
I love dim sum and tried this place to be different than visiting my usual haunts.  It was not anything special and is at the bottom of ratings to the other places in Las Vegas for dim sum.  The restaurant is small and carts are packed with varieties but too easy to overlook favorites.  Also, the carts may not be able to hold everything so a server comes around separately to offer a dish and they often pass over a table.

The deal breaker?  They charge for tea.  Are you serious?!!

Won't be back, I'll return to my favorite dim sum places where I know they will not be trying to gouge us thinking we are tourists.
This place came highly recommended from our taxi cab driver and we were a bit skeptical.  He reassured us that the place had the best dim sum in town and everyone who ate there were Asian and he's pretty much the only white guy.  Not being racist, but that's a good sign!  

Food wise: The ladies come around in their carts and it's typical dim sum.  Some were good and some were re-steamed.  You can always tell because the shell at this point is a bit too mushy or it has a texture that you know it wasn't so fresh.  Nonetheless there was a good selection.

Atmosphere:  Yes, it can get packed and yes, there were a lot of Asians that dined here.  I almost felt like I was back in Hong Kong with people just talking super loud and being kinda rude.  Haha...

Bottom line: If dim sum is what you're looking for and you want something a little more authentic, this is an option.  I know the casinos on the strip has plenty of Asian restaurants, but it's more catered to the "tourists" crowd.  This feels a little more homey.
Hungover from a crazy night in the Heffner Suite? Walk over to ping pang pong for some awesome congee to take the sting off.

My girlfriend and I went twice over the weekend and both times they completely hit the spot with har gow, congee, and hot mustard.
ching chong ling long ting tong.

english translation: soh gud!!
Ping Pang Pong.

We used to make so much fun of this place, because let's face facts... the name sounds very racist. Does anyone know what it means, because I'd like to know.

I had a comp room at Gold Coast, and my usual eateries there are the Buffet (which is alright) or TGI Fridays, or I walk across the street to the Rio Buffet. This trip I decided I had a hankering for Chinese food, but I wasn't brave enough to go down a few blocks to Spring Mountain for the real authentic stuff, so I decided to go to the place we all joked about, Ping Pang Pong.

I was pleasantly surprised.

The service was great! Everyone was smiling with quick, prompt service. They were knowledgeable about their food too. I had the Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice, which had shrimp, scallops, and calamari in it. It was so tasty, and I filled up quite quickly.

I'm not quite sure on the authenticity of the food, I am certainly not the judge on that. But the food was good. Price was a tad high but certainly the food delivered.
This 4 star is only for being the best dim sum place in Vegas, but if you compare to the ones in Cali or Hong Kong, this place is just... ok. It's really hard to find a good place to eat dim sum in Vegas.

But whenever I want dim sum, this is the go-to place, don't even risk trying the other ones, cuz you might want your money back :p

This review is only for the dim sum dishes, cuz I don't eat noodles or other entrees when I go for dim sum :) The dim sums are pretty good, but they only have a limited selection, I like it more when there is more varieties. The other thing is that this place is inside a casino, and the only thing that goes between you and the casino floor is a fence, so you always smell people smoking or people looking, kind of awkward... Also, I hate that this place only sells Portuguese egg tart on weekends, where the hell is my Hong Kong style egg tart?!?!?!
This restaurant is known for their dim sum, but we came here and ordered individual dinner plates.  This restaurant was very packed and on top of that, it's located inside a casino.  

Overall, the food was okay and just like any other Chinese restaurant out there.  I will definitely come back for dim sum the next time I'm in town.
Came here because I was told this is one of the good dim sum places in Vegas.  I'll be honest, I had better.  The wait time to get dim sum such as the chicken feet, tripe, spare ribs, etc took about :30mins since we were seated.  The tripe and spare ribs were bland.  Only good thing was the fried rice and noodles.
We came on a friday night and got a couple individual dinner plates. I ordered the Gabo beef and beef chow fun for ~27.

- Gabo beef was very delicious Although the portion seemed small, it was very fulfilling. the meat even appeared dry, but turned out to be juicy. It was tender and quite flavorful. 
- Beef chow fun was pretty good and the portion was generous. Kind of unremarkable. Not too oily. No real unique taste.
- Free hot tea :)
- Fast service. Quick with refills.
- If you see a lot of old asian grand ma's and pop's, then you know its legit! lol
- It's pleasant enough for me to come back and try their dim sum. 
- For dinner, I'd opt for wendy's noodle cafe.

:)!
Not bad at all.  The standard dishes - chinese broccoli, xiu mai, ha cao, chicken feet, black bean pork ribs, steamed bbq pork bun, shrimp wrapped in thick rice noodle, chinese donut wrapped in rice noodle - were all a-ok.  The rice and chicken served in a vertical bamboo cup was tasty; flavors were similar to Vietnamese 'com ga', with ginger, light soy, and chicken.  The xiu mai had orange/yellow 'eggs' on it which tasted like crab innards/tomal/mustard; rich and super flavorful.  All the dumplings were packed with meat and/or seafood and not a lot of fillers (yay!).  The only downside is that the offerings are limited/uninspired; just the basics.  I'd come back if I were in LV and craving dim sum.

Other important info: small establishment, push cart servers, prices are higher than CA but definitely reasonable, located inside Gold Coast Hotel off the Strip next to RIo and across from the Palms.
Ping Pang Pong? Pong Pong Pong? Pang Ping Pong? Pong Ping Pang?

Yum dom cha, sik goh bao! If you don't know this reference, its from Jin.

Anyways, Ping Pang Pong was the very first restaurant I dined at in Sin City. They had a massive dining area with dim sum cart ladies running around like mad. My friend's mom had ordered chicken feet at least 10 times and none of which were fulfilled. Might I add that I also like chicken feet? So I was also disappointed when we came up empty handed.

The dim sum here was okay, nothing special.
My family doesn't really like to go out to Chinese restaurants very often since my dad was once a Chinese chef and knows how to cook dishes very well himself. When we do go out or get take-out however, it's always from 'Ping Pang Pong' (still don't understand the logic of this name choice..). He always raves how this is a really good Chinese restaurant and they cook their dishes with all the right ingredients and proportions. The pricing is very suitable too. You would assume being inside a casino, they would charge more than the actual dish is worth, but the price range is about $6-8 for a good portion of food per dish. 

My dad would be the one to know all the technical stuff with what is a good quality Chinese dish and bad quality. The reason why I know this restaurant really lives up to the 'Best Chinese Restaurant' awards plastered around the entrance is because the traffic that I have seen come in and out of this restaurant, and the number of to-go orders that are bunched up on their large counter space everytime I am here. It's ridiculous! We've had to wait a good 45 minutes for our to-go order (3 dishes) to come out, so my advice is if you're looking for some take-out.. make sure you order way ahead of time of when you expect to actually eat.

Had dimsum the other day and they don't have a wide variety of options but for what they do have, it's superb quality in my opinion! Really loved their turnip cake. Best I've ever had! 

4 instead of 5 stars is just because I wish their floor space was a little larger and had more selection of dimsum items, but as for their quality of food.. 5 stars for sure.
Food is pretty good but service is horrible. Got sat quickly and it took them about 15 minutes to ask what we wanted to drink, at the same we said we were ready to order and the person just walks away and another 15 - 20 minute wait on just order. So the order is put in for roast duck, fried rice and walnut shrimp. We start eating and drinking our sodas and no one comes by with refills so at this point I just want to eat and leave but nope. They just walk by and don't acknowledge us at all. So I had to get up and pay for the meal at the front desk and tell them straight up I'm not tipping them. The girl at the counter just looks and me and doesn't say anything at all. I will not be dining there at all in the future until they know how to treat their customers. I wasn't the only unhappy person either another table was pissed they couldn't order either. I hope they don't expect people to go back just because of the food. Order to go or something if you really want to eat there.
Everyone was raving about Ping Pang Pong, and after a having a good meal at the Noodle Exchange the night before I was looking forward to trying them out. During lunch hours they have Dim Sum, if you love mostly shrimp dishes, then it's for you. I wasn't that thrilled with it, I did check out the lunch menu, but there wasn't anything that jumped out at me, I think I missed the boat on Ping Pang Pong, should have gone during dinner time.
Not sure if I ever reviewed this place yet or not.  If it weren't for the shrimp cakes dim sum then this place would have no stars.  I have to say I will never come back to this place again for the horrible customer service.  I went there to try to place a to go order and the person at the cash register said they were still closed but it was just another 10 mins so we waited patiently outside the entrance.  A heard of people came out of nowhere and after we were already standing behind a person, which I was there before they got there.  I still waited behind.  After the person had his order taken the cashier rudely had said she would not take our order that we had to wait behind the long line of people.  And I told her you seen me I was here before all these people even showed up.  Wow I bet if I was an older couple I bet she would have took our order anyway.   That is just poor customer service and lacking hospitality.  I will make sure I let everyone and anyone know that these people or at least the cashier who opened up the shift today on a Sunday evening is more of a reason for a food aficionado like me be pissed enough to bring my business and loyalty else where.  Yep unprofessional and never will go there again...  I'm hoping they are not  directly connected to the gold coast since one of my best friends was previously an hr director there... its a shame!
I love their dim sum! So far it's my favorite place in town for it. I'm a shrimp fan and they have so many options for me. The coconut buns and sesame balls are delicious. This is a place that any dim sum fan should try at least once.

I haven't tried their regular menu items, but I've heard great things. I intend on checking this place out for dinner so I can see for myself.
This restaurant is small, clean and is conveniently located inside the Gold Coast casino. It's average, I've had better service and quality food elsewhere.
I met a friend from Canada for dinner at Ping Pang Pong tonight.  My only other dining experience here was with the same friend about 4 years ago.

We ordered three dishes to share:  The Singapore rice noodles were excellent.  There was a fair number of shrimp and some small slices of pork along with onions.  The curry flavor was good.  For my taste, I could have used a bit more.  We got an order of wrinkled green beans.  I don't think they were seared as much as they should have been to make them wrinkled.  They were crisp.  Their flavor was very good.  Finally, we got the half roasted Cantonese duck.  The flavor of the duck was a winner, too!  I'm not a big fan of duck when it's on the bone, but this was cooked well.  

Service was good.  My iced tea refilled often without asking.  We did have to ask a server to bring us some clean plates so we could get rid of some of the duck bones.  

The one drawback of Ping Pang Pong was the loudness of the place for the first 1/3 of the hour and a half we were there.  It was so noisy from people talking loudly and the kitchen staff, filling orders for take out and yelling the orders to each other.

I do like the place and I will be back if only for the Singapore noodles.  That was my highlight of the meal!

PS:  I love the name.  I can't help think of Puccini and Turandot!  Addio amore, addio razza....
I freaking love this place! This restaurant is located inside the Gold Coast Casino.. 

My auntie and I would always come here for lunch time. They have a descent lunch menu. All entrees for around 6-7$ and it includes the soup and rice and the entree itself. 

We usually order:

 the black bean chicken. Which is to die for. Really good seasoning and sauce

Chinese broccoli, really crunchy and steamed to perfecftion

salt and pepper pork chops, so damn good!

PIang Pang Pong also offers Dim Sum we tried a couple entrees it was ok they had some stuff that werent on your typical dim sum menu i guess they added a few things since there are so many Chinese customers they had to be competitive.

I would highly recommend coming during lunch time the menu is cheap and you get your money's worth and it is pretty good overall.

Just expect it to be crowded and packed with a bunch of Asians.

If you are expecting to have a business meeting i would not recommend it this place is LOUD and I literally was screaming at my aunt in all our conversations.
Tourist trap. Food is bland. Customer service is awful. Selection is poor. Prices are EXTREMELY HIGH for dim sum.
I got to eat free dim sum two times while staying at the Gold Coast so I figured I would write a review of this place.  The food here is good.  I especially liked the shrimp balls on the bamboo sticks.  Choy sum with garlic was also good but the plate of choy sum was huge and I couldn't eat all of it. ( Good problem)  I thought it was funny they charge 50 cents for hot tea but I wasn't paying so i didn't care.  I had a soup with beef and mushrooms I think it was ok but the mushrooms tasted weird.  Egg rolls and charsui ba was good.  Service was soso, normal Chinese restaurant where they are pushy and can't understand how much your bill is until the end of the meal.  Overall good and I would go again if I have a comp again at the gold coast.
I have been harboring some nasty suspicions for some time, and last night, I think my worst fears were confirmed. I am just a regular, non-ethnic white girl. I cannot eat the food that they actually eat in Japan and China. When I am served chicken at a restaurant that is cold (on purpose), yellow, still has the skin on, and has chopped up bones in it, I don't even want to take a bite.Fried pieces of pork that still have the fat on them do not appeal to me. A soup that is served with a huge bone in it with tiny scraps of meat and fat clinging to it does not look appetizing. In the spirit of adventure, I ate a few bites of everything, and it wasn't disgusting or anything, just meh.

In fairness, Ping Pang Pong also has some of the traditional American-y dishes you can get at your local Chinese takeout, but we were looking to branch out and try some new things. I'm not upset with the restaurant - I'm sure this is excellent preparation of Princess Chicken or Salt & Pepper Porkchops - they just aren't for me.

We also tried the singapore noodles, which were kinda like your standard Lo Mein, and some fried rice, which I thought was really good. Our final order was the wrinkled green beans, and they were also good. Overall, we mostly stuck to the noodles and the rice. 

Our 6 dishes and 2 drinks ran about $80, so it's higher than your average takeout place, but still reasonable. We had enough food to easily feed 4 people.

The atmosphere inside is nice - kind of like any casino restaurant between casual and fine dining. The drawback there is that it's open to the extremely smoky Gold Coast casino floor.
Ping Pang Pong was way more authentic than I had expected for an off-the-strip casino restaurant. The Boyd casino group (Orleans, Gold Coast, California, etc) tends to have pretty weak restaurants on its properties. This was the exception. The menu was very broad and reminded me a lot more of Chinatown than Panda Express. If I find myself on the Boyd shuttle route again, I will definitely consider PPP.
WOW. Amazing asian food! We are all vegetarians, (dairy and egg are OK) and looked at the menu, almost left. We asked the very nice waitress and she said they can make anything vegetarian.. We ordered hot and sour soup (EXCELLENT), Veggie fried rice and Veggie lomein noodles and veggie egg rolls... everything tasted perfect and was served on time, hot. Great waitress service also.
Do not let the location fool you! Ping Pang Pong is a hidden gem. The dim sum was some of the best I have had outside of HK. The service was friendly and everything was very fresh and expertly cooked. Be sure to try the lor bak go and the beef cheung fun. Outstanding!
I've eaten here a few times. First time I went it was horrible. We ended up walking out. But I gave it another try. The food is really good and the prices are very reasonable. Dim sum here is as good as it gets in Vegas. One of the few Chinese restaurants I'll go to in Vegas.
Brought the parents here at opening time, and it was good that we made it almost on time, as a line quickly formed outside.

Very decent dim sum service, with the carts and everything.  Quality of the food was good, though the selection could have been a little better.  We are always on the lookout for slightly non-standard dim sum, and though there were rumors of some interesting things, what we saw was the basics.  Price to quality ratio was really good compared to anywhere on the strip.

It's not quite high end.  Service and food are on par with places in other cities with a big Chinese population.  I have no problem with the idea that this is the best dim sum in Las Vegas.
Orchid Garden is a thing of the past. Ping Pang Pong's dim sum is far superior!

I would much prefer coming here because of the nicer ambiance and better quality food. Seems like Orchid is going downhill for my taste. They serve everything here for what is seemingly cheaper and better tasting. Word to the wise though, as with all dim sum places, come well before 1:30pm or else they'll be fresh out of everything. They refused to make any more dim sum items after that point.
Dim Sum restaurant hidden @ Gold Coast.  If you are craving good dim sum Pin Pang Pong is the place to go.  They have a mediorcre selection of dim sum, probably more on the weekends.  The wait isn't too bad, but if they can have a greater selection of dim sum it would be better.
I wondered about a casino Dimsum, but look no further.  Gold Coast is an older hotel, but clean and plenty of parking. 

I hate the name but this place is one of the top DimSum in Vegas.  
Inexpensive and quick service.
SOOOO DELISH! I know, I am white so I am obviously not a Dim Sum afficianado however, my aunt (who is Chinese) is and this is where she takes us for dim sum in Vegas. Thank goodness because sometimes it is hard to understand the servers and vice versa. It has to be good if Chinese people eat there in my humble opinion! And there is almost always a line. The food is AMAZING, very fresh and plenty of it, in fact, you will probably overeat. My favorite are the Cha Siu Baos (there are 2 similar versions, one in a sweet white bun and the other in a darker, flakier, triangle shaped bun with sesame seeds) Both are outta this world! Highly reccomend!
Currently this is my favourite Dim Sum in the US. The prices are dirt cheap in comparison to LA/SF/NYC, and the quality is top notch. The servers with the carts are quite pushy, and you'll need to learn to say no and keep looking for what you want, but it's worth it. Also, there can be some serious language barriers at times, but if it looks good it probably is good and eventually you'll learn what everything is. I never miss this place when in Vegas and I suggest you don't either. Even if you don't have a car with you, it's worth the cab ride.
Went there on a Monday morning for Dim Sum because of the reviews I heard on the web.  Was a little disappointed cause I felt that I've been to better Dim Sum places in Los Angeles.  There was nothing special about the dim sum selection, quality and price.  Maybe going there on a weekday is a miss and weekend is better.  But I've eaten and experienced dim sum better.
I have never visited here but does everyone know that this restaurant is considered one of the best in the nation!!!!!
Finally tried this place because my friends rave about it...and the results are Mehhhhhhhhhhhh... too greasy..I know dim sum can be greasy on its own but wow this stuff was really greasy.. we ordered the typical dishes - shumai, hargow, chicken feet, spareribs, shrimp, rice noodles, and many more but nothing really stood out as outstanding or spectacular.  rather than wait long for this place and prob spend more money - just drive down the street to Chinatown... it'll probably be better..but hey I can say I tried this place now...
It's very decent.  I wanted to check out dim sum in Las Vegas.  We came on a Saturday morning, and at the stroke of 10, when they open, a number of tables were already filled.  They have the standard dishes, including two types of jook.  We left probably an hour or so later, and the same carts had rotated around several times.  There were a couple of dishes brought around on trays.  The variety isn't very large, but I liked it better than Five Star Seafood (fka New Capital) in Monterey Park.

It's a good dim sum fix when in Vegas.
Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had!
After much ado about the best Chinese restaurant in town, we ventured over to Ping Pang Pong for dinner last night. The food was okay, but the service was absolutely terrible. It took the waiter 20 minutes to take our drink order and the food came out dish by dish (only 4 dishes including fried rice) in a one hour time span.  Then it took another 20 minutes to order an additional drink.  Our dinner ended up lasting over 2 hours because the service was incredibly slow. I will not be returning.
The food was really nothing special. The staff were very nice. The place was super noisy. Really to Lou to talk without yelling.
Since my previous review, I've had several great experiences at PPP. The food is very good and cheap. 

One of the best off-the-strip restaurants in Vegas.
Great dim sum place inside the gold coast casino. If you are brave enough to take in second hand smoke then go for this Chinese restaurant. Service is fast. Once you are seated the dim sum carts would come to you like flies. They are great tasting esp the congee and shrimp dumplings.
Cheap  and affordable.
This place has grown into one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Vegas, for a couple dishes, entrees, and appetizers its a good $100 plate, the prices are reasonable and the food is mouth-watering. I enjoy the shrimp chow mein & the chicken fried rice has the perfect amount of salt & seasoning. The sauces with the Kung pao & honey walnut shrimp are out of this world! On weekends the kitchen closes at 3.
Two friends and I dined at Ping Pang Pong this week for dinner, and our expectations could not have been higher. I lived in China briefly and one of my accompanying friends is from the Philippines and her mother makes incredible Asian cuisine. So, when we heard that PPP was one of the most authentic and well-received Chinese restaurants in America, we couldn't wait to try it.

Immediately, I was pleased with our server, who noticed we were ordering things without meat and asked if we were vegetarians. We said yes, and she informed us that many of the items were cooked with chicken broth, but said she'd ensure it wasn't used in our dishes. Unfortunately, we concluded that the chicken broth must be Ping Pang Pong's top secret ingredient, because we were rather disappointed in our food! It pains me to say I've had better tasting meals at Panda Express.

Here's what we ordered and my thoughts on it:
-Wrinkled Green Beans: Bland, but nothing a little extra hot sauce couldn't fix. 
-Ma Po Tofu: Good seasoning but we would have preferred a firmer tofu over the squishy one.
-Sauted Lotus Root: The fact it was described as "pungent" on the menu should have been a red flag. It was too crunchy and the taste of vinegar was over-whelming.
-Shanghai Noodles: We got it without the pork, and it was basically oily ramen. Big portions a plus, though.
-Rice: Dried out and hard!  
-Iced Chrysanthemum tea: It was akin to drinking potted plant water.
-Fresh Coconut Juice: It was on the menu, but apparently not available. I hate it when that happens.

Ultimately, I was disappointed with Ping Pang Pong and don't plan on returning. Another patron might have better luck ordering Dim Sum or a meat dish, as apparently both have been praised. However, I'll stick to other establishments/fly to China the next time I want authentic noodles/have my friend's mom cook for me! :D
I am giving this place a bit more credit, being in Vegas and all (which is usually a downer for me because I'm from the NYC area, food capital of the world!).  

DIM SUM: Let me just say, the dim sum here surpasses any in the area.  I've been to KJ in the Rio, Chang's, and Cathay House.  Ping Pang Pong has the best variety, quickest service, and the food is actually served HOT, which is important to me.  Some of the other dim sum places will throw plates of cold food at you, which is unacceptable!  I am a huge fan of dim sum so we will be frequenting this place for just that.  

DINNER: MUST TRY THE LOBSTER OVER NOODLES. Honestly, I don't know if I ever need to order anything else here. Their lobster is fan-TAS-tic. Best way to eat here is order "family-style"... just order a good variety of fish (the sea bass is great), vegetables, and meat.... and SHARE!

Overall, I enjoyed all of their food and their "standard Chinese service", meaning the service isn't usually top-notch at an Asian joint.  The pricing is higher than most places in Chinatown because it is located inside a casino (even though the casino is just Gold Coast). Hey, if they can get away with it, more power to them.
Apparently this place has been rated Vegas' #1 Chinese restaurant a number of times and I know why! Despite being tucked away in the Gold Coast casino this place was packed with Chinese & English speakers alike. 
My boyfriend and I got the pot stickers which were incredible. The filling was way more flavorful and, well, filling, than other pot stickers I've had. Every bite had a nice amount of it.
We then shared the Night Market Fried Rice. Holy macaroni! A substantial plate of rice with a good amount of beef in it for $10?! The ingredients were fresh, providing a taste that was less heavy-laden than most fried rice. The beef was fresh as well - beef can sometime make my stomach go topsy-turvy, but it didn't this time - indicating quality beef cooked properly. 
I wish this place was in my hometown. I'd like to visit them regularly.
Not great.  Not terrible.  We all presumed that a Chinese restaurant catering to what appeared on this night to be 95% Asian community would have hit all the right notes.

San Pan Tiger Prawns were very good.  Head, legs, and tail on.  Spiced just right.  Fried enough that legs crunched to powder and head held together and juicy.

Ma Po Tofu with Pork was edible.  Not good.  There were flavors missing.  The heat was right with Szechuan pepper.  Its just that no other flavors seemed present.  Lots of tofu not enough pork. Bland.

Noodles were completely tasteless.

Mo Shoo Pork was excellent.  No question.  It came as an appetizer.  Two large pre-filled rices pancakes.  At first bite i realized it needed Hoisin sauce. The next bite made me realize I needn't ask for it as it was already in there.  Wood ear mushrooms even.  Plenty of pork and veggies.

The price for all this was under $60.  Myself and two Partners-in-Dine would have been happier if the food tasted as good as those few dishes did.

When we were ready to pay our check there were no servers on the floor. We realized an entire table of six or seven eating dinner one table over from ours were the entirety of floor STAFF having dinner together.

We had to get up and pay at the register waiting in line behind several other diners waiting to pay their bills.  I think under normal circumstances we would have paid our server.  What happened tonight I am not sure.

I don't believe any of us were so in love or even like with our food that we would go out of our way to return.
The food was a bit Americanize to my liking, i had better authentic Chinese food at KJ's kitchen
not bad at all as the dim sum was great and awesome.  We had a great time eating it which is great.  We enjoyed it a lot.  unfortunately they kept on forgetting our table which was bad that was the only bad part.  the food was not bad at all would actually come here again
My family tried this place since my sister was raving about ping pang pong that it is one of the best Dimsum in Vegas. As per the quality of the food its great. I think this is the only Dimsum place in Las Vegas that has an open kitchen. Definitely will come back to try other delicacies so we can make comparisons with other dimsum places that we like in this  town.
Pretty decent dim sum and the Chinese broccoli is just what the doctor ordered after the strip's deep fried, broiled meat culture! The casino itself is a little ragged, but the samplings were varied and the next cart was never too far away! Now, if we could have just chopsticked the kid's lurking from the casino side all would have been well with the world and our dim sum!
PINGing with excitement, we were thrilled to try out some dim sum while in Vegas. We ate here with some friends that had lived in Vegas and said this was one of the best places for dim sum. We arrived here around noon, and there was a bit of a wait, since there is limited space in the restaurant, especially for large parties of more than 4. Ignoring our PANGs of hunger, we waited patiently. It probably took us about 20-30 minutes to get seated. 

While the selection is more limited than other dim sum restaurants, they have some items with a unique twist (Such as shu mai with fish roe topping), as well as your standard dim sum items like sticky rice in lotus leaf, fried taro cake, chicken feet, spare ribs, congee, and bao. 

The items were hot, and fresh tasting. The carts went by at a decent rate, but we were warned that you should get any items you wanted while the cart was there, since you might not see that cart again. Prices were a bit high compared to other restaurants I've eaten at (3-4 dollars per item average), but that was to be expected for dim sum in a Vegas casino.

Service was a bit spotty, but to be expected since the restaurant was filled to capacity with hungry diners. Waiters were buzzing back and forth, like a ball in a PONG game, filling water, getting more tea, and getting people's checks.

So if you're hungry for dim sum, this restaurant is a good choice. If you are with a larger party though, it helps to come here before noon when it's less crowded.
Say what? 3.5 stars at 279 reviews? I think not! This place deserves a 10 if it was possible! The vibe is as follows: downtown, somewhere in the middle of a Chinatown - not in Vegas but more of some big port city (like NYC or SF) - duck-in-amidst bustling streets filled with shrimp merchants and trinket salespeople. Yeah- but it IS in Vegas! It's amazing how one can be transported someplace completely different just by a meal. That, of course, occurs when the meal is done right. 

We enjoyed the dim sum, and thank goodness we started going back to the gym. I say this because we had a bit more of a guilt-free attitude as we looked over a packed table filled with our favorite dim sum dishes-all cooked to perfection with rustic Chinese authenticity in mind. 

We started with tofu and shrimp balls, covered in hot peppers. Now, I hate tofu. My wife is very good at encouraging me to try new things, so with a little hesitation, I took a bite. Awesome! I had more, and my wife and I faced off for the last one. She won, however I had some shrimp balls hanging around waiting to be devoured, so all was not lost. We had the skinny noodle chow mein (huge portion....finished it). Amazing! For one thing, it was brought to our table steaming hot. The flavors consisted of aromatic young onion, assorted Chinese vegetables, covered in tasty fried bean sprouts. 

I could write paragraph on top of paragraph in order to describe the amazing tastes of each item we had, but don't have all day. 

I HAVE to mention those sesame balls! DAYUMMM! Not only were they the best ever, but my wife and I went into some sort of weird blissful state as we polished off both plates and washed them down with the yummy Chinese tea. We had to sit there and take it all in before composing ourselves and finally getting the courage to face rows of slots as we made our way back to the car. 

I also must mention the service. The staff was outstanding and kept our water and tea filled. They took the time to explain each dish in detail. 

Oh, and the prices! Cheap! We were probably about $20 in when we were full, but continued into the $45 range for both of us because the food was that good. 

Ping Pang Pong is the best Chinese I ever had - period, and I really hope people will take notice and place it into 5-star land where it belongs. 

Thanks Ping Pang Pong!!!!
I've never been to Dim Sum in Vegas, but we tried this place based on online reviews.  It's hidden in the back area of the Gold Coast casino and when we walked up to it, there was a line of about 20 people in line which was a good sign.  We were a large party (12 people) and it took about 30 minutes to get seated.  There were lots of chinese people here which again was a good sign.  Once we sat down, it was on.

The quality of the dim sum was pretty high.  The dim sum dishes were all fresh.  I would consider them to be in the upper echelon if we moved this place to the Bay Area.  Would I go back?  Probably.  Prices were reasonable, food was good and it was authentic.
We came here about 3 weeks ago and had Dim Sum.  My family recommended this place to have lunch.  Being chinese and a frequent explorer, I have had my fair share of dim sum.  This place was actually pretty decent.  I enjoyed some of the items here. Some more than others.  I wasn't expecting much since we were in Vegas, but this place did a great job.  Service was great as well.  I must say they make an awesome gai mei bao. The only thing is this place was pretty pricy.  In Los Angeles, you can get some great dim sum for $1 an item!
Went there for a company dinner and was able to sample an array of food. Everything I tasted was excellent!
Overall, this is a decent dim sum.  From a lot of the rave reviews, I expected it to be great, but overall, it was good...a few better spots I've personally tried in town.

We ordered a little bit of everything here, and mostly everything was good and fresh. I always like the pork buns best...and the shrimp balls were all great!  Pic 1 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=efrfFiV1B69HSsTHrftanQ#efrfFiV1B69HSsTHrftanQ  Pic 2 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=5VeaGgX_yFzIrsTKHEcBXw#5VeaGgX_yFzIrsTKHEcBXw

A few items, like the salt and pepper shrimp, felt like they were sitting for a little while, and not as hot as they should be.  Noodles felt a little undercooked or old. But overall, it is a good dim sum here...just not the best I've ran into.  Pic 1 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=2I476tyCWYOdHCyCK54mjQ#2I476tyCWYOdHCyCK54mjQ  Pic 2 : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=w-Fvj_9co8NDiyw20WJ4rw#w-Fvj_9co8NDiyw20WJ4rw

Dessert was great...tofu pudding!  One of my favs!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ping-pang-pong-las-vegas?select=Waz3sUBj9fP5722r3srzMw#Waz3sUBj9fP5722r3srzMw

I took many more photos...just click the picture link on the top of the review if you would like to check them out.

They are located inside Gold Coast Casino! Check it out for late afternoon dim sum!
I can't believe all the other reviews raving about this place.  I got sucked in by the reviews!!  It was the WORST Chinese food I have ever eaten and the service was not too flash either.  They appeared out of nowhere with our plates of food and just shoved them down on the table without saying anything.  One server almost hit my husband in the side of the face with a plate of food.  

A spring roll dropped on the table and the server just picked it up with her fingers, put it back on the plate and walked off.  We had waited almost half an hour for those spring rolls!! 

I'm never trusting reviews again and I'm NEVER going back to this restaurant again.  Just awful!
Maybe more like 4.25.

It did win some kind of top 10 award for Chinese Restaurants in T + L magazine but other than dim sum, I haven't been to PPP for their regular menu for quite some time.   About 4 or 5 years ago, my sister swore by this place for decent Chinese food. Now it has a lot of competition. So basically, I'm just reviewing their dim sum service.

I had to explain to my husband the difference between AUTHENTIC Chinese food and Chinese food. I've learned that some (not all) that call Panda Express and PF Changs Chinese food may not like AUTHENTIC Chinese food. They are not one and the same.

There is a definite difference in quality compared to other favorite dim sum joints I've been too. PPP is hot & fresh and definitely tasty. I must emphasize HOT because that's the biggest blow for dim sum lovers - cold food! I wouldn't recommend it for 1st time dim summers though unless you speak fluent Chinese. I'm half Asian and can decipher a lot of broken English, but I've had a very difficult time figuring out what the cart ladies say is on their cart. My husband and I are not as adventurous, so we are the types that want to know what we are eating before we eat it....

But once you can identify a food by looking at it, PPP is definitely on the higher end of the spectrum for taste and quality. Their shrimp dumplings for example - are probably the best I've had and when you think about a simple dumpling is made - you have to admire that somewhere in the process, PPP does something spectacular.

The shrimp balls, shumai, pork buns, sticky pork buns - all have a little extra something that sets them above the rest.

The restaurant itself is quaint. You can see the kitchen from your table, and the a lot of what, in most places, is normally behind closed doors. Goldcoast is not the most glamorous of casinos... and the restaurant itself is still a good ways from the parking garage. But if you don't mind walking through the casino and the smoke that comes with it, the location may work for you. 

Plus, if you are a dim sum for breakfast person like me, they do open a bit earlier than a lot places around town 10:00am.

So if you enjoy dim sum, PPP is definitely a must-have on you're list. You just have to, even if it's once.
I have been coming here on and off for a few months. The service at this place gets worse every time we come.  We had to wait over 5 minutes to be seated several servers and the manager just walked by without saying anything.  I then asked the manager should we seat ourselves she said no and then a couple mins later someone came to seat us.  

Once seated the busboy brought our beverages quickly but then had to wait for the server to come over took 10 minutes. 

The appetizer we ordered came out quick, but the rest of our food took over 25 minutes to come out.. server had to many tables in her section.  



yes this is a high volume restaurant but staff for it. stop cutting corners to make more money. more staff = better service 

The food is awesome just bad service.
Another disappointing meal in Vegas :(.

We ordered a variety of dishes: har cherng, sui mai, har gow, cha siu bao, etc.
Yuck. Not good at all.. (I forgot to take pictures because we were so hungry that we just dug into the food right away.) It didn't taste fresh, and the dumpling skin wasn't very soft. The sui mai looked OLD. I eat dim sum quite frequently and this was nowhere near the standards for dim sum in LA! 

The best thing was probably the boiled Chinese broccoli dish (which tastes the same everywhere) and cha siu bao (but I've still had better). Gr.. Eating such horrible dim sum just made me crave better Chinese food in LA. 

Service: It was difficult to find a server to refill our drinks and give us our check. However, the workers are friendly and 

Note: It's located inside Gold Coast Casino. Some advice? Come early! This place isn't too big and there was a line when we arrived around 12:30pm until we left the restaurant a little before 2.
I went here because i was craving dim sum and this one is still reachable with public transportation . The price is a little bit high for typical dim sum place but understandable since they are inside a hotel/casino. The only thing i didn't like it was the location was way back inside the casino and it was a bit hard to find.

I would give the food 4.5 because we really enjoyed the dim sum and the Gobo beef is very very good. It's one of the best beef dishes i've ever had. Luckily, we went in after rush hour so no waiting time and the foods came out pretty quickly. 
I would definitely try this place again when i visit Vegas.
Absolutely enjoy dining in an atmosphere that reminds me of HongKong as a child vacationing with my Mom & Dad. The wait in the line to get a table and seating is not bothersome as watching the activity in the restaurant and seeing the Chinese cooks in their crisp white chef garbs before chinese woks and hot fire, all viewable in the open cooking area. These Chinese cooks whip up authentic Chinese menu! The food servers there to serve and aid in choosing from the menu and answer meal questions. Authentic Chinese cuisine, in that it is not Americanized Chinese food. From seafood, to vegetables, soups, main meat meals and dessert, it could never been any less filling. Best recommendation is to try each and every entree in the menu. In as much as I return dining in this restaurant located inside the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino of the west side of Entertainment City, I have a constant pick which you may want to try. For starters, savor the taste of Savory Minced Squab and Pork Tenderloin (served with hoisin sauce). A Provincial favorite dish is Double-Braised Scallop Hot Pot (whole seared scallops simmering in garlic oyster sauce served in a sealed clay pot) which is just tasteful. A favorite dish is the Singapore Rice Noodles with a taste of curry that reminds me definitely of SIngapore (with vermicelli. shrimp, BBQ pork, onions). Serve me Duck and it sticks in my palate even after it's off the plate into the tummy filling: Plum-Orange Braised Leg of Duck or the Cantonese Roast Duck (Half). The Lobster and Vermicelli Clay Pot steaming in broth, or the Emperor's Seafood Stew (sun-dried abalone, fish maw with supreme sea cucumber all simmered in flavorful broth) or the Manila Clams with Black Bean Sauce definitely sends me to seafood heaven. Develop a taste for the very appetizingly filling Clay Pot & Congee meals is a definite choice: Ginger Mushroom Chicken Rice or the Sausage Duck Confit Rice. For Rice dishes, I always order Cantonese Curry Beef Brisket Stew, or the Chow Fried Rice (with BBQ pork, green onions and shrimp), or the spicy Night Market Fried Rice (with sliced beef, fresh Thai chilies, diced tomatoes, bean sprouts), or Fu Chow Fried Rice (mixed seafood sauted in a light scallion gravy) or the Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice (which reminds me of being in the islands). A vegetable favorite is Sauted Lotus Root (thinly sliced in an sweet and pungent sauce), or the Snow Pea Leaves with Roasted Garlic. Highly recommend "Dim Sum" as it is for me the best bang for your bucks in this entertainment city! A wide array presented in rolling carts pushed around by chinese-garbed food servers all too willing for passing it on to your table from the dim sum cart. Ready for small eats that leaves you wanting more, go Dim Sum! Dim Sum dining is at lunch time. As I have experienced dining here as often as possible, see for yourself why it's been voted many times as "one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in America" by Travel + Leisure magazine and "Best Asian Restaurant in Las Vegas" by readers of the Las Vegas Review-Journal! China has never been closer at Ping Pang Pong! Ha, that's a hit!
You know when most everyone in the restaurant is speaking Chinese, something authentic is happening! Came for Dim Sum and felt like I was in Beijing again. Located in the Gold Coast, the restaurant is open-aired... with no windows and a view of the casino. We waited for about 10 minutes to be seated and then the fun began! Loaded carts of Dim Sum treats continually circle the restaurant awaiting your waive to procure more. The dumplings were outstanding with a selection of several meats and styles from rice flour to a flaky pastry crust. The cucumber salad was very good and spiced well. Our favorite was the delicate noodle dumpling filled with spiced pork. Best to brush up on your dim sum knowledge as many of the servers do not speak alot of English... just enough to let you know the main ingredient! And... each selection is about $2.50 to $5, leaving us with a very reasonable check!
Love coming here with my family, they discovered this Chinese spot!!! This is prob one of the best Chinese places in Vegas. It's always busy! Though the service should be a lot better but I guess that's typical at any Chinese/Asian restaurant you go to. You can never go wrong with your order everything is made to please.
no where near any dim sum place i ever ate at. This place had very little selections and everything seem a bit to salty for me but compare to other vegas food i guess its the same (which mean it was a huge disappointment).
Vacation bias alert!

So I was in Vegas with some friends, and we were craving Dim Sum.  We hopped in a taxi to the Gold Coast. (Not the Golden Nugget - thank you to my fellow Yelpers for the correction!)

Quality seemed good to me.  Maybe I was being biased because I was on vacation?  But I've eaten enough Dim Sum over the years to be happy with this place.
The food was terrible, not just bad but terrible. Ordered hot and sour soup, which was so bland it tasted like nothing, despite looking amazing. The BBQ pork buns were edible, but not dim sum as advertised but rather a dry baked pastry type dough. My husband ordered some spicy noodle soup that was also flavorless and not event a hint of spice. I'm really surprised the place was busy and the other reviews were good, I would never recommend this place. I left the place grumpy, hunger and out of pocket $25.
Recently tried this place because of high marks on some survey.  

Service was below even lowered expectations of many Chinese restaurants (is it overwork or underpaid ? trying to be real).  Blithely ignored as we stood in line while two employees chatted away directly in front; then again no one after sitting 5, 8 minutes until flagged manager.  Food was overall better than average, certainly not exceptional, and not worth the miserable attitude of the place.
To some, the service would be considered rude or apathetic, or people can simply look at it as a cultural difference. However, in a city where the life line of the place is based on serving others, this place might reconsider the way they serve people because it comes off as aloofness and can discourage potential customers to come back. The food, specially, dim sum, is really good. That is  what this place is known for. At $3.00 dollars an order, it is really affordable. There are also very good appetizers like sesame seed covered roll.  The rest of the venue is quite expansive, I will come back, making sure that I come back with the notion that the food is good enough that I am willing to ignore the service.
So highly rated yet really disappointing.
Named one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in America by Travel + Leisure magazine and  "Best Asian Restaurant in Las Vegas" six times by readers of the Las Vegas Review-Journal? Really? They sure did not sparkle on 8/13/13. My date said "They must be resting on their laurels".
The food was just ok. Nothing special there. The floor was sticky. Gnats buzzed around our table all visit. Uniformed employees ate at the table next to us.
The thing that stuck in my mind is the terrible service. The (Spanish?) server who took our drink order did not know the name of the only chardonnay on the menu. Our meal server never returned to ask us if everything was ok. In fact she disappeared for good after our order was placed. Eventually we had to flag down some one who was serving other tables in our section to help us. It is not like they were over busy at 8pm on a Tuesday night.
I even passed on dessert, completely un-heard of for me, due to the lack of attention we received.
Want good food BUT bad service? Yes?! Well this is the place for you then lol. 

I have been coming here for years and I have to say I am pretty crazy for doing so. When visiting you have to expect to be ignored. I mean once you order and get your food all is good. If you'd like to order more or get a refill expect to wait. Why do I keep coming back?! Well I am completely in love with their Hong Kong style crispy noodles. & just as of yesterday I have fallen for their dim sum! I mean I ordered about 6-7 dishes during dim sum and it was only 10 bucks! If that was harbor palace at Chinatown that would have been a quick $20-30. Like I said though DO NOT have high expectations on service when coming in!!!
Wrapping up dinner now. Basically a repeat of others. Food is solid, not exceptional. However service is pretty abysmal. The only people that are hustling are the bus boys. The servers are aloof and disinterested. I think they've grown way past complacent. The place is dirty - the side plate had old rice stuck to it still. Server could have cared less when we pointed it out to him.

I won't be coming back here.
Wow wow wow was s
Not sure about going in to one of Vegas casinos for dim sum but we tried it we had eaten many time at harbor place for dim sum but there's no comparison Ping Pang Pong by far the best ever thing we got was steaming hot fresh absolutely the best yum I can't wait till next month to go there again I hope that the chef will keep up the good f
Work and the wait staff was very good place is clean also this place had all Asian people eating there if you into real Authentic and I mean real Authentic Chinese cuisine Not American Chinese cuisine this is the place and don't believe the ons that write a bad review you be the judge try it
Get the pork chop!  We went there about a month ago and saw a fried pork chop on the menu (no offense V's but I'm all carnivore!) and could't wait to try.  I asked how many do I get and the lady looked a bit puzzled and soon I understood why.  The chops were cut up into heaping strips and season unlike any I've ever had.  I took the rest home and ate them for breakfast, lunch and dinner.   I've been dreaming about them ever since.  This will be our go to place for Asian cuisine when friends come and visit.  Yeah, the service wasn't that friendly but who cares.  They weren't rude, just doing their job cooking and serving excellent food.
Excellent food overall. Not nearly as good as Chinese places in LA. But more than enough to beat the smattering of places in Vegas Chinatown. We came here twice in our weeklong Vegas trip and nearly skipped Chinatown altogether. Dimsum is v good, but dinner dishes are ok, not great.
Dim Sum is awesome.  Service is super fast, five plates on the table within 2 minutes of seating.  Hidden gem.
I had dim sum very much every where. By far this place was the best.  Although don't expect the best service.  It seems like most Chinese restaurant service is not that great.  I would visit again but I will only tip them based on service!
This is where I go for dim sum when I'm in vegas.   I would give them four stars if they had more variety.
Ping Pang Pong is one of the older Dim Sum joints in Vegas, they are located inside the Gold Coast casino, and dcor was about as old as the casino.  The name sounds like a game of Ping-Pong with an odd tongue twister word in between, or a slang way to call a Ping-Pong ball in Cantonese.  If you park on the southwest side, you can access the restaurant quicker.  They are the second closest place you can get "edible" Dim Sum from the Strip area.

I visited here for Dim Sum on multiple occasions, and the quality was decent relative to everything else in town.  Selection seems limited though when compared with other Dim Sum joints.  Price was somewhere in between the residential area and the one next door.   

Dinner was meh, everything seems a little off on the flavor, we got a few seafood dishes, tofu pots, and beef chow fun.  The food came out very slowly and their seasoning left you with a bad after taste in your mouth.

Not sure if I will be back when there are so many other opinions in town, and service was not the best either, they got the same poker face servers you see in most Asian restaurants...
Can't believe I only discovered this place on my most recent visit in July.  Dim sum was great and the orange beef was off the hook.
OK, I'm going to give up one of my favorite haunts in Vegas.  I was hesitant to tell people about this place.  LOVE their dim sum, it's all I've ever had there so I can not comment on their Chinese Food.  I can tell you though that 98% of their customers are Asian and so that is a huge indicator of the level of authenticity.  In the past we had trouble communicating with the staff because they usually speak in their own language, this last time though it seems they have hired more English speaking staff and it was considerably easier to order.

Everyone is smiley and happy, the worst part is getting seated.  There is ALWAYS  a wait, I don't care what time or day you go, but once you get seated being it's dim sum there is no wait for food and it just keeps rolling past you for your pleasure.  I love everything we have ever had there and they are reasonable with their cost.

The worst part of this place is that it is located in the Gold Coast and you have to wade through the heavily smoked environment to get to the restaurant, but even going through that is worth it for this place.
Black chicken with black dates soup is friggin special. Also I like that they don't bring me forks. That's super offensive if they bring forks. Why? Because even Japanese restaurant know better they don't bring you a fork to eat sushi. 

***WARNING Don't pay attention about yelpers complaining about service. This is not PF CHANGS, or Applebee's.***

The entry level dim sum is good (KJ Kitchen at the RIO makes the simple stuff better currently--- their LO Bak Go is so er mah gawd!). Reading other reviews on here is so funny because of complaints about service. Want to be seated? Wave some one down, ask loud, better yell it in Cantonese. Don't expect them to ask if you want water or soda. Expect tea and only tea, unless you wave someone down and ask loud for cold water, same with refills. (Although they do bring you large water glasses and it tastes good. As a kid growing up Chinese, I used to think they scoop the water out of the fish tanks because it did taste a bit fish. That must be because they keep the ice machine behind the fish tanks. No fish tanks at PING PANG PONG hahahaha.)

 Bring someone Chinese with you if you are scared. Want more tea, shit you know what you have to do with the lid. Want to pay your check? Lift it in the air  "Maihdaan!!!!" or go up to the Cashier and start picking your teeth with the tooth picks.

If there is old food lingering on your new plates... I wipe that shit off with hot tea and napkin.

What kind of service do people need? 

If I read one more review about Orange Beef.... If you go in there ordering General Tso's expect bad service. Tea, take dirty dishes away, bring my food. It's all good in the Chinese hood. If you're scared go to Elephant bar, Jose or Sean Jean will make you something nice there. I'm not racist I eat black chicken. 

Seriously about the service, you can have a good ole' dim sum time without making at the least bit eye contact. Oh and lastly, I think I read a review about hot mustard... do they have hot mustard? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. I'm not going to answer that expect a hahahahaha if you ask. 

No seriously eating dim sum is not that hard. I'm just making fun. I gotta go piss off Japanese people by rubbing my wooden chopsticks together down the street while I contemplate what's so delicious about Teriyaki. 

Ho Sek Ah!
Yes, they have unique dim sum that you don't find in a usual dim sum restaurant, but the quality of the food is not the greatest.  Here, what you pay is what you get. The restaurant itself is pretty small, so we were lucky to get the big round table. Tea is good (we got chrysanthemum ). The staff was nice and they weren't mean like typical Hong Kong staff. However, the Chinese restaurant in Rio has way better dim sum, and the quality is a lot better. 

Here's a summary of what we ordered & what I can recall : 

Chicken wrapped in Lotus Leaf - Only get 1, and it didn't taste fresh/moist. Rice was a little hard.
Sausage Bun - Bun wasn't soft and sausage was not the greatest. 
Chicken Feet - Probably the best thing we ordered - Came with 5 
Ha Gow (wrapped shrimp) - Small - We ordered 2, and 1 came with 4 pcs, and another came with 2 pcs. Inconsistent.
Turnip Cake - OK. Same as everywhere else - A little dry.
Beef rice rolls - OK. Same as everywhere else
Baked Pork Buns - OK.
First off this is authentic Chinese food and not your basic Panda Express. As there was just the two of us dining the dim sum wasn't something we wanted. $9 for steamed broccoli...We chose to order off the menu and my wife ordered the steamed fish at mkt price. It was a flounder that flopped over an 18" platter. She was well pleased with it ($25) and I ordered the lamb tenderloin with scallions. Fantastic. Busy place with some spotty service but worth a visit if you like authentic Chinese.
My wife and I stayed at Gold Coast and after a strong Vegas first night, found ourselves looking for breakfast/lunch around noon. After some deliberation, we decided to check this place out. A number of Chinese employees and clientele encouraged us, so we got a table and waited for the carts. Surprisingly, for dim sum in a Vegas casino, pretty good! We have done NBC in Monterey Park and hold that as the standard. If NBC is a 10, this is an 8.5. Char Siu Bao were tasty but small, the dumplings were very good, as were the shu mai. If you need a dim sum fix near the strip, check it out. Oh and the price is very fair, $23 for two of us and we were stuffed.
So 3am comes along, you're hungry, tired, and thirsty after a long day of Vegas adventuring....and you see Ping Pang Pong!!  It was sooooo delicious!  Our waitress was very nice, she even explained items on the menu patiently so our inebriated brains could understand.  Their was a man who always came by to make sure our empty plates were taken and water was filled.  The price was reasonable...$25 (including tax and 22% tip) for a beer, spring rolls, and Kung Pao chicken with rice.  HIT THE SPOT!  Big portions.  We were going to do the Applebees 2 for $22 on the other side of the floor, but so happy we found here instead.  So much flavor.  Keep up the good work Ping Pang Pong!
This is the best dim sum in Las Vegas. 

1. Open kitchen. I like to watch people cook and check if they are sanitary. They're doing it right back there. Clean for a Chinese restaurant. 

2. The cart ladies can speak English. They don't just dump the dishes in my table when I point and ask, "what is it?"

3. Food is fresh. They don't give me old food that's been around and rejected by other people. If I want the new batch, they'll give me just that. 

4. Rice is not free. Blahhh. I love rice. They come in a little portion bowl thingy. Their prices are typical for dim sum though. 

5. Food is not as great as LA dim sum, but it still has all of the items I want from a dim sum. 

I recommend you try.
Great dim sum, shady service. what do you really expect, come on.
We were there for lunch on 10-31-13 and tried some dim sum and some dishes off the menu. 

Dim sum - don't remember everything but the shrimp balls and the shrimp donut with noodle were great as was the pot stickers and coconut buns.

Menu - salt and pepper pork chops, salt and pepper shrimp, beef rice noodles and Kung pow chicken were are excellent. Our favorite were the pork chops.

This was our first attempt at ordering dim sum so we were a bit lost however they tried their best to explain.
1st off the decor of the restaurant was nice and the staff was friendly. The restaurant itself was smaller than I thought it would be and had 2 main dining areas. It was pretty busy when we went but didn't seem overcrowded like in most Dim Sum restaurants.

The food at PPP is decent. We had the dim sum staples like Har Gow, Shaomai, Beef Balls and fried shrimp balls. Nothing really stood out from the dishes we had. In addition there didn't seem to be too much variety in the dishes. We had asked the servers if the Chinese Broccoli and Sesame Balls were coming out and they said soon. 3 passes later with the carts and those 2 dishes were MIA. And this is at 12 during the middle of lunch? I didn't get it. 

One other thing that was a turn off is the fact that it is located in the casino and is open where you are exposed to the smoke lingering from the casino.

I have to say that I was a little disappointed after eating here. I had heard such good reviews on it but in the end I would have rather have eaten at Orchids Garden. It was a nice change but I would have to say that I will not be back.
Besides the name being cute and funny there wasn't much else. 
There was like only one waitress that was working the table and the carts coming aroubd were pretty slow. 
Dim sum variety were pretty typical and looked liked it was frozen, defrosted and put in the steamer for display. 
The tastes of the dishes were mediocre. The unexpected delicious treat was the coconut bread which was sweet and filled with coconut gooeyness. 
Other than that, I have had better dim sum in la that were bigger in size and fresher in taste.
We loved this place! Dim sum dishes are fresh & original yet truly authentic. Ranks up there with the best dim dum houses we've been to in San Francisco, Seattle and NYC. Price for 4 big eaters was $78 including tip. Awesome!
Such a wasted  time !!! Me and my bf we drove here late at night like 11pm - midnight i was so excited to try dim sum and it's nothing like just a couple dishes on the menu then they serve with no sauce anything on the side I mean shumai should dip with soy sauce chili sauce thing like that ? And they just give me hot sauce when I ask ,they forget to bring a glass of water to my bf  the service so bad the server not pay attention to you and he just told us order something that fast I mean I'm a server too and I understand that server should tell customer if some dishes will take time to cook but not like DON'T ORDER THIS with the face that it too long to wait and tell us to pick something else I mean if it that long and you don't want to make it why put it on the menu !!!!!    ???

Btw my friend told me dim sum here you have to go on lunch time theres a variety of dim sum and it's pretty good she agreed that service was suck anyway
This is the place to go for authentic chinese food in Vegas. I dine here every time I visit Vegas, because the price is good and quality is good. Open late night, perfect for a night after clubbing. 

MAKE SURE you order the lamb stew pot, comes with vegetable to add on after tasting the savory soup. The thing I like the most is the open kitchen configuration, you can hear the sound of wok, the breath of dragon chinese called. "rawrrrrr" that my friend  is fire stream out at a high temperature would sound. Like a big torch would sound. Mix with the ping ping sound of wok, the food come alive. Just something excites me. Authentic Cantonese cuisine demand good "wok haye" and able to hear it, it is just awesome. 

Don't order the clam, menu said "Big", but it is really small clams. not worth 20 bucks. The rest can't go wrong.
Crab claw was not  like this picture today... it was not claw sticking out, but something fake one...
not the best Dim Sum i ever had, if you have enough points at Gold Coast it might be worth it.
I feel like dim sum is easy to do well. I have only had it a handful of times, and all of them seemed to have been equally as tasty and enjoyable. But I do not think that means it should be marked down. PPP has a pleasant enough atmosphere (especially for being tucked away in the Gold Coast), the service is spot on (by nature this almost has to be true with dim sum), and the food is tasty. Plus, there is just a fun element to the way dim sum is presented. There are no big surprises here, just dim sum done right.
I must admit, I had high expectations of this restaurant, as I had read it had one some awards. 
It wasn't bad, but it was nothing I would ever go out of my way for again. 
The hot and sour soup was extremely bland.  My Thai iced tea was ok, but just average.
My entree of Dragon Well Shrimp, was very good, and the overall service was very attentive.  
By comparison, Joyful House, which is nearby, is far superior to Ping Pang Pong.  I'd give it 3.25 stars, if there was such a rating.
Best kept secret in Las Vegas! I'm a total fan. Left completely satisfied.

At first, I didn't want to patronize this place because of the silly name! It's almost offensive! I mean, Ping Pang Pong? Come on, are you freakin serious? 

But after reading other yelp reviews,  I had to give it a try and sure enough, my fellow yelpers did not lead me astray. 

Thx! I'll definitely be back and this will be on my to do list in Vegas!

The food was surprisingly good. Don't expect the best service because it's not the freakin Wynn Hotel, it's inside Gold Coast, off da strip.
Me & some buds tried the dim sum buffet for lunch on the advice of a cabbie. Glad we did. You know you are getting quality, reasonably priced Asian food when you are surrounded by almost total Asian diners & wait staff. Service was steady; there were some minimal communication issues. Dim sum was better than most i've tried. Cheap too. I'm ready to go back.
Dimsum here is quite good and the prices are reasonable - pretty much inline with all the decent Dimsum joints in SoCal. It's located inside Gold Coast hotel/casino on Flamingo; If you're staying at the Palms or Rio, just walk across the street and you're there.
I LEFT THE RESTAURANT STILL HUNGRY AND VERY DISAPPOINTED!!First,. they sat us in the back corner.we waited about 15 min until the first cart finally arrived.(and the place wasnt even busy) apparently if you sit in the far corner of the restaurant, the carts dont come your way. they pushed the carts around to everyone around us but then they wouldnt complete their rounds to our table and just back their carts out and leave. when we went to tell the manager carts werent coming our way, they just rolled their eyes and said 'what you want"wtf? bad service,and food was so not worth it.. definetly will not be coming back!
Dim sum are good and lots of choices. But they sat us on the corner, some dim sum were gone before got to us, and told us even no more on the kitchen , and it was only 12:30 pm , food was gone , really?!
Had to wait half an hour before we got a table, the waitress didn't seem to be enjoying her work at all. The restaurant was so busy which made the service extremely bad. I can understand it is frustrating when it is so busy, but they really need better management. Also, no child chair, no more of food we wanted and the time of delivery of dishes were late.
I've been to a few dim sum places in Vegas but this one is by far the best. Been coming here every time I visit now and have not been disappointed. Hard to imagine authentic dim sum in a casino but I found it better than some places in china town.

Price is reasonable and never had to wait more than two minutes to be seated. 

Good to take friends, dates (who like dim sum), coworkers and customers.

Make sure to try the congee (rice porridge with pork)
A yumcha gem inside the Gold Coast casino! the place itself is quite small which equals a long wait but the food more than makes up for It. 

From the hagow to the shumai , everything was tasty and fresh, my only qualms is that the Lo-Mai-Kai only came with one! there's usually 2-3 :( Lo-Mai-Kai is the stuffed rice wrapped inside the leaf and my favorite thing to get! 

other than that it was great, price is a little on the expensive side since it is in a hotel 2.88 for (A) and 3.88 for (B)

would come again
The best Chinese Food in Las Vegas, no other restaurant comes remotely close.  The chicken fried rice, beef broccoli with Chinese broccoli, chicken kung pao, orange chicken, and lemon chicken are all excellent.

 The lamb chops are an excellent appetizer, full of flavor and unlike any others I've ever had.
This is definitely a hidden gem hidden in a corner of the Gold Coast casino. But once we were there, man was the line long! This must mean that the food is good. We waited about 45 minutes to be seated which is why I give it 4 stars. 

The food was all really delicious! I love their chicken feet, they were surprisingly really huge and juicy. We ordered the classic hagow/shumai which was also fresh and delicious. I was waiting for their shrimp rolls, but unfortunately, it took awhile for that to come, and when I asked one of the lady's who was pushing the cart, she seemed very irritated and started yelling back at me, which caught me off guard. But other than that, the food is great, and the price is decent. I know where to go now to get my dim sum fix when I'm back in Vegas!
Very tasty food. Good soups. Fair prices
It's always a good sign when you go to a Chinese restaurant and the place is packed with Chinese people and the servers are Chinese and speaking the language.  And wouldn't you know it, Ping Pang Pong has some great dim sum!  So many options, and it's so tasty.  I can't review every single one we tried as there were so many. But they were all good!!  But go early, there is a long line at lunch time.  The line moves, but I wouldn't say it moves fast.   The dim sum place in Rio (KJ's) is a little more on the nicer side, but personally, having been to both I prefer Ping Pang Pong.
This review is coming from someone who was born and raised in HK. We have different standard on Chinese food than people from other culture. If you happened to be from an area outside of Canton/HK this review will not help you. 

This used to be my most favorite restaurant in Vegas for its high quality authentic cantonese cuisine...yet the most recent visit proved to a a disaster...this place had lost its authentic cantonese taste, the pan fried noodle was saturated with gravy, my pan fried shrimp was over filled with sweet and sour sauce (it was supposed to be dry), and the beef rib tasted just gross. Service is ok; but I would say that food had downgraded to American Chinese food style...I will not come back.
Overall a little underwhelming. After the Travel and Leisure review we were expecting more. To be fair, we did not get to try the dim sum which is what they are known for. 

The Scallop Hot Pot had very tender scallop meat and a generous amount of garlic, but was surprisingly bland, especially for the number of garlic cloves. It was almost as if it was watered down. 

The server talked us out of the Tea Smoked Duck and into the the Crisp Roasted Chicken with Scallions, which turned out to be simply a fairly standard dish, nothing to get excited about. It tasted predominantly of soy sauce and was fairly tender. 

The Cantonese Sausage Fried Rice was the better of the three dishes. It had a nice lingering flavor, and came in a very generous portion. Still not terribly exciting.

On a more minor note, the Thai iced tea was wanting. It simply did not have the full flavor I have found at most other restaurants.
Truly authentic Chinese food. You can tell by the fact that 99% of the patrons were Chinese.  One big negative was that we ordered water and it tasted like nasty city water. A place getting sulch good reviews should have filtered water. Large portions. Ordered the pork belly stew. While tasty it was extremely fatty. The meat would have been better if cooked more.
I come here every time I'm in Vegas and its always a treat. I've never actually ordered off the menu and just stick to the dim sum. The wait is usually pretty long and it's hard to flag down a waiter (for those who want to order off the menu), but the steamed pork buns and the chow mein are amazing! Great food for a fair price. Can't wait to go back in April!
I'm not a fan of Chinese food because it can be a little bland sometimes, but the Chinese food here is pretty good and authentic. From the appetizers like dim sum and pot stickers to the entrees like noodles and stir fry, it is all satisfying!
Didn't like this place at all! Kept seeing the TV ad about this place in the station casinos and decide to give it a try! Spring rolls and shrimp and BBQ short ribs! Didn't enjoy none of it and it showed so much that the manager came over and ask if there was something else i would like to try! I refused and thanked her for offering. After a couple of bites i had staff pack up order. I ended up giving left overs to homeless people on the street! I wonder if they were happy?
How the hell are Asians supposed to convince everyone else how offensive the term "Ching Chang Chong" is when we go off and name one of our own restaurants "PING PANG PONG"? 

My Hong Kong-hailing real estate agent was visibly horrified when he found out in casual conversation that my parents and I had not yet been privy to the local dim sum experience at Ping Pang Pong (how is anyone supposed to take me seriously when I say this aloud?) in the Gold Coast casino. So while showing us detailed French doors, luxurious hardwood flooring, and expansive high ceilings, he kept peppering home features with "shao mai" and "cha shao bao." I was sold - on the food, not the house - so not long after that, it was off to Gold Coast we went. 

The casino is not the most convenient to navigate, but the restaurant sits pretty much smack dab in the middle of it, and that's where my biggest issue with it lay. The restaurant is open to the casino pits with hip-level pillars that whisper, "Smoky Smokerson! Enter, please." On the flip side, however, the dim sum is solid. Every dish we hailed off the cart was well-prepared and got a stamp of approval. The xia jiao, chicken feet, congee - all good in the hood. It's just that this hood carries a bit of an eau de FUMAR!
Worth the trip off the Strip for sure. Friendly staff. Lots of Asians dining is always a good sign. We really enjoyed eating dim sum here. And you get to experience the old school, Gold Coast Casino.
Verdict: Awesome food and finally, some decent service!*

*service is unheard of at most dim sum restaurants. 

The food is delicious here and definitely one of the best dim sum spots in town! Everything tastes as it should and nothing is overly salty or overpowering in anyway. Shrimp ball, beef ball with and without tofu, shrimp dumpling, shu-mai, tripe and pork ribs... everything was perfect. 

The amazing thing here is that, not only is there service, but the staff is friendly as well! The carts come around more often than not and if you ask for something in particular, they will either bring it out to you or let you know if and when that cart is going to be making it's way back around to you. 

Try doing that at any other dim sum place here in Vegas! Not going to happen.
Whoa, second day in a row that I picked a place with a huge crowd and a wait.

I think I could've legitimately done without the wait. They have a sign pointing to a waiting area just outside of the restaurant, but they didn't seem to have a dedicated host. I stood there for at least 5 minutes before they even so much as said hi to the party in front of us, and another 5 before they seated us. It was very busy, but at least I should've been welcomed, and I'm pretty sure there were at least a couple of open tables.

By the way, try to park at the side of Gold Coast farthest from the Rio if you want to have a shorter walk, which is healthier than it sounds due to less secondhand smoke exposure.

Anyway, as with any good dim sum place, we were able to dive right in since the carts made their rounds quickly. My friend started off the picks with a har gow (4 pieces), a shu mai (4), and a rather large and unfamiliar bowl of some sort of tripe with ginger and daikon. I later got us a plate of shrimp stuffed eggplant pieces (3), some deep fried shrimp balls with sugar cane (2) and some nice compact egg tarts (2). The last item was the chicken feet that my friend was pining for the whole time.

Everything was definitely on the high end of good. All the savory items had sufficient flavor and non-mushiness, and the egg tarts were very flaky and were still noticeably warm at the end of the meal even though I'd ordered them at the start. I didn't fall in love with any one dish, but the quality was solid overall. Prices are probably a bit more than you'd expect since it's a casino restaurant and there's not all that many dim sum shops here. It was most likely $5.88 each for the tripe bowl and chicken feet, per my friend, and we had one $2.18 order, four $2.88 items, and one $3.88 dish. Couldn't tell you which is which since I'm not that much of a dim sum connoisseur, sorry! 

Overall, I wasn't blown away by any single item, but it was solid dim sum and I definitely prefer this to East Ocean, which has seemed a little lacking for me the past couple of trips for some reason. I also definitely appreciated that we got a tangerine and candy here instead of a fortune cookie (looking at you, East Ocean). I have not been to KJ yet, so stay tuned in case I decide to hit them up.
Ja Leung (donuts that aren't) are pretty great here. If it's noon you'll have a short wait, and it could be longer if you have a big group. There were 6-10 groups in front of us on a Saturday and we were seated within 20 minutes. 

The servers will direct you to the more bland and gringo-safe food if you're not Chinese so make sure you ask them about the things they don't offer that are on their carts and pay attention to the items that the regulars all select and you'll be happy. We got a spicy snail dish only because we saw it and asked about it. It was nice if you're okay with chewy snails, but it being on our table also encouraged some servers to offer us stuff on their second pass that wasn't offered the first time round. 

It was pretty cheap based on my experiences in LA. We had enough food for three people to stuff themselves silly and paid about $60. We'll be back for at least a few more visits before moving on to the next place for dim sum in town.
Ping Pang Pong is a go to place for when some of my friends want to get together for crab. Their style of spicy and salty is probably the best. It is all about getting well rounded flavors and plenty of food. Their razor clams and scallops on the half shell are a steal. At $8 for four and two respectively is a steal. I could eat those all night. Just be warned that your breath will be kicking. So much fried garlic goes on top of both dishes. 

PPP is a hit or miss. The green tea smoked duck was not something we enjoyed. I ended up just wanting Peking duck and was sad to see that they don't offer it. The sweet and pungent lotus roots are always a must. Add that with the three dishes I list above and you don't really need anything else. 

The dim sum here is good. It is just pricey compared to other places. 

Just be prepared. Don't expect great service. Just know something might go wrong during the meal and just move on. The food is good.
The Dim Sum is awesome here. I had 6 people in my party and everyone loved the food. The tripe cooked in the red sauce was out of this world. I highly recommend going to this hidden gem tucked away in the Gold Coast Casino.

If you want to be adventurous try the Chicken Feet.I tend not to order this stuff at the normal Dim Sum place, I usually get grossed out by claws still being a attached to the feat. But Ping Pang Pong cleans there Chicken Feet really well no toe nails. LoL. The Chicken Feet connoisseurs I was with swear this was the best feat they ever had.
We had just had a disappointing Dim Sum experience at another place the night before- the other place had received a very good review too, so this shook our faith in the good ol' yelp system. Fortunately, it was a fluke. Ping Pang Pong was DANG near as good as our usual haunt in Portland. The service was good, the food was great, and specialty items were quickly cooked and served to us if they weren't already on the carts. My favorite little indulgence here was the coconut custard bun. Ambrosia! Another of our favorite dim sum stables is the stuffed eggplant, har gow, and sui mai- Ping Pang Pong delivered on all of them!
dont even try the thai tea! it was super nasty! tasted like watered down thai tea... 

however some dishes were excellent, but most were decent. 

must try the egg custard dessert thing, soo good!!
I've had the chance to be in this side of town more and wanted to check out the restaurants. One of my coworkers recommended this place and I thank her all of the time for showing me Ping Pang Pong. The service was fast and the portions are great for groups. It is fairly priced and I'm glad I had people with me that knew what to order because Chinese food isn't my expertise. I got a Thai style fried rice and I loved it. The plum wine was also fantastic. Need to come back.
I'll be honest, I only came for the dim sum! Me and a friend ordered one of everything on their $3 menu. And some of it, like the pork bun&shumai& shrimp ball, were good. Others, I have to say, were just delightfully adequate! That golden sand bun, I just had no taste for, but I have been here before for various chicken dishes which were really good! So I have to recommend!

However, the service we received was really slow. it must have taken nearly 30 minutes to get dessert and the check after being done with our dishes, but that would be the only setback for me not visiting again!
It was more than an hour wait. The food was good but the service was just off. We had the same 3 carts the whole hour we were there. We asked for certain dishes multiple times but it never came.
Yay for DIM SUM after 3pm!!!

I came here a couple times, but the first time my cousin took me here. We were both craving dim sum at midnight, so what better place to be, since it closed at 3am?!

I honestly didn't know how legit the dim sum would be so I ordered Mongolian Beef and a cup of rice. I didn't think the portions would be that big, but when I got my beef and looked around the room, I noticed plenty of families eating together... hmm.. FAMILY SIZED PORTIONS! Even better!

I wanted to try a couple of the Dim Sum items, so I ordered the Baked Pork Bun, and HALLELUJAH! This right here, BAKED PORK BUN, is the BIDNIZZZ (business). If you want to try one thing, please let this be it! 

A couple weeks later, I told my friend about my dim sum craving and recommended this place. This time we were actually here for the dim sum. We ordered every single thing off the dim sum menu. Don't worry, there were about 10 or less items all $3 each.  After getting to taste them all, MY TUMMY WAS HAPPY. 

It was then time for dessert, but the server did not notice... We waited and waited, and stared into the sky, hoping they would acknowledge us. & they finally did! 30 minutes later... Thank goodness the egg custard dessert was BOMB.ORG, because it slightly made up for the time lost!

PING
PANG
PONG!

TRY THE BAKED PORK BUN!
Despite the over-the-top cheesy name, the food is delicious! We ordered the shiimai dumpling, chicken feet, clams, and salt and pepper pork. Everything was GREAT and we cleared every plate! It's off of the strip and you have to take a cab to get to the dingy casino it's in, but it's well worth it. The service sucks but the food was so good that  I couldn't even be mad. Best part is that it's open till 3am so you can get your drunk-Chinese-food on!
Came here for dinner and the wait was about 20-30 minutes since it was extremely packed. Our server was quick to get our drinks and very helpful with picking out what to order. However, it took them awhile to refill our waters. And whenever they did refill our waters, the server would always reach over someone, so it was kind of uncomfortable.

Food was really good! Really enjoyed the fresh veggies and the salted pepper pork chops were really tender but so flavorful. The noodles, roasted duck, and honey walnut shrimp were average. Everyone got full quick! 

All in all, it was a good meal!
The dim som was really good and the service was great! Can't go wrong the with shrimp balls.
It's okay.  Sorry I grew up on San Francisco's Chinese food.  I rather go to Orchid Gardens on Sahara!
Maybe it's because I'm from California. Maybe it's because I'm used to Chinatown in San Francisco being a 15 minute bus ride away.

But when I'm handed a 16 dollar check for three small pork buns, two teas and two plates of small potstickers I gasp.

Because in Chinatown, heck, in any Dim Sum place I've been to in the last five years, that is outlandishly priced.

But hey, maybe all Dim Sum makers decided to up the price all at once and no one told me. Maybe it's just Nevada. No? Just triple P?

Good to know.

The service was good for cart Dim Sum, but again, we didn't revisit during our trip due to the price.

If we return we'll most likely skip it. I'd rather head to TGIF and get a huge place of food for less than that.
Everything is good, except the price. I feel like these items are as good as the other dim sum places and don't need to be as expensive. Plus, this hotel isn't all that either lol. But on the bright side, I do very much enjoy the sticky rice Green Tea-filled dessert! I also enjoyed the shrimp shumai!
I know restaurant critics who have put Ping Pang Pong on their lists of "must eat" in Las Vegas.  After dining here twice, I'm not sure why, but I have a guess.

The food is fine.  It's not close to the best Chinese food I've had.  It's a bit greasy, at times overcooked, and occasionally a bit bland.  We sampled some meat dishes, vegetable dishes, and even some dim sum.

This left me wondering how this place gets such raves.  One thing, they serve some exotic dishes, dishes I don't see in other places.  I suspect this is one of the attractions.

The service is fine.  The place is often busy, and they do their best to hustle people in and out.

Overall, the place is a "a-ok", 3 stars.
Maybe because I am in Vegas and are fed up with resort-type pseudo Chinese food that cost a fortune so whenever I encounter a dim sum restaurant that's half-way decent, I don't mind giving it a higher rating.

Ping Pang Pong - let's just called it PPP - is also located within a Casino, namely the Gold Coast. The one big differentiation about this restaurant as opposed to others is that it's located far off the strip so the patrons are not visitors that just happen to walk by here. Most of the customers appear to be locals who drove here for the food.

For the most part the dishes are pretty tasty and fresh with high turnover rate. The roast duck was succulent, the salt and pepper smelt and the baked BBQ pork puff were delicious. We ordered a plate of stir-fried pea sprout greens and it was cooked just right. 

One of the desserts was recommended by the restaurant and they are these red bean filled circular donut-like pastries dusted with granulated sugar. I find them to be overrated as the crust was dry and the filling was overly sweet.

Other than that PPP is a good place to go in Vegas for dim sum.
Good authentic Chinese food! Only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the service, you'd think that since this restaurant is located inside a hotel in VEGAS they'd handle diversity well! The food is great, best fried rice in Vegas here, and shrimp cakes are perfection.
Ok I refused to believe that this is voted the best Chinese food in Vegas!!! Food is mediocre at best. Guaranteed stomache ache after. In an old casino and smelled every bit like one!!  Dont think I will go back....
I would give this place 5 FROWNNIE FACES :( . 

Where should I begin... FIRST OF ALL, they open at 10am, but don't have any food ready. We placed an order for a few dim sums at 10:10 am and got our order at 11am. UNACCEPTABLE, REALLY? 50 mins for dim sum?! Servers could barely speak english, messed up our order and manager was too busy to care. 

ALSO, the worst part is dim sum cart lady DROPPED food on the wet, dirty ground and procedded to place it back on the plate and back into the cart to be served to unknowing customers. GROSS, LADY..GROSS. I had to ask her to throw it away and she at first said " it's okay." WTH. NO LADY, IT'S NOT OKAY. No worries, I made sure she threw it in the trash..where it belongs. 

Finally we get our food at 11, after asking multiple times and our consolation prize for their mistakes were some cookies.. WOOHOO. Probably the ones that fell on the floor...
 Seriously, DO NOT EAT HERE.
Awesome.  Seems  mom & pop despite being in a casino.  Shrimp ball was awesome.  Custard tartlets to die for.  Mango tapioca dessert very very good.  We did have to wait in line, but well worth the wait
It's located towards the middle of the
Gold Coast Casino towards the back wall. We came at about 2 pm on a Monday (Memorial Day) and there was still a long line (about 15 minutes). Get here early, they close at 3, but it looks like they stop making fresh dim sum at 2 pm. The carts had slim pickings and a lot of things they didn't have anymore, such as the shrimp noodle rolls. 

I knocked a star off for the bad service here. The service was extremely slow and rude. After we were seated, no one introduced themselves to us as our server, so we didn't even know who our server was the entire time. Our drink order wasn't taken and tea wasn't brought to us until about 10 minutes after being seated and us having to flag someone down. They don't refill drinks here and they never made eye contact, so I was constantly waving my hand in the air to call someone, anyone over. 

Surprisingly, most of the dim sum here was great! 

BBQ pork buns - We loved the bbq pork buns, they make a great one here. The moist fluffy bao buns (the white ones that look like clouds) were stuffed generously with moist and tender bbq pork. 5/5

Chicken Feet - whoever butchered the feet, didn't do a good job and there were tiny shards of bone throughout. My boyfriend almost swallowed a couple of small shards. 1/5

Shumai (pork dumpling) - small, but they were moist, flavorful and had a nice texture. 5/5

Har gow (clear shrimp dumpling) - these were also small, but I loved these! Great flavor on the shrimp filling and the clear wrapping was delicate and had a perfect texture. We ordered 2 rounds of them. 5/5

Fried shrimp patty on sugar cane - comes with a sweet mayo sauce. The shrimp ball was very flavorful and went perfect with the mayo sauce. 5/5

Shrimp and vegetable meatball coated in sticky rice - I didn't like the doughy sticky rice on the outside. Also the filling's texture was odd with the soft shrimp ball and chewy bits of vegetable. 1/5

We also ordered a plate of stir fried beef chow mein noodles because we were all still hungry and they barely had anymore dim sum by 2:30 pm. The chow mein noodles were really bland. The beef was tender, but we all couldn't get past on the taste of the chow mein, it was lacking so much! 1/5

Come early, stick with the dim sum and you're golden.
I had read the reviews for Ping Pang Pong and although the food was always rated highly, the service was considered poor.

The food is excellent; the service was as good as it gets, the employees were friendly and concerned of our satisfaction.

Great dinner.
We walked over here from Palms at 10:30 Saturday morning. It was hot and we were hungry. Ordered a bunch of dim sum: Har gow, shu mai, shrimp rolled in flat noodles, fried shrimp ball with sugarcane, beef ribs, this vegetarian tofu dish, meatballs, steamed bbq pork buns, baked pork buns, green tea dessert (it had a mochi texture) and jasmine green tea. What a breakfast!
In all my years of coming to Las Vegas I never knew really good and authentic Chinese food even existed here. Like others have mentioned, this certainly is a hidden gem.

A couple of friends attending the jewelry trade show at the Mandalay had invited me to a nice quiet high end dinner at the Jasmine Restaurant at the Bellagio when , just as we were about to leave for the Bellagio, my friend received a business call saying their business contacts wanted to invite us for dinner instead.....and were too afraid to decline. All I knew was that I was asked to get in the car and just follow the leader.

Being the fish out of water, I didn't speak a or understand a word of Chinese and had no idea what the plan was. We eventually ended up off the strip at some big stand alone casino across from the Palms Hotel and Casino. As we walked into the casino from the parking garage, my friend whispered to me that the host was taking us to a Chinese restaurant, and if she eats hear you can bet it's going to be VERY good! The host has been living in Vegas for over 30 years so she should know where all the good eating spots are now.....ok, so in we go. This was a medium end casino, and as we walked through it we finally came upon this Chinese Restaurant called "Ping Pang Pong"..... yes, you got that right....just as I've spelled it. Flashbacks of the movie "16 Candles" flashed through my head, but I'll leave that one alone :)

Tucked inside the casino is this very casual, very Chinese looking, restaurant with an open kitchen concept where you can hear the burners blasting away and the woks clanging away. The place was quite crowded, but it appeared our host knew everybody there and I was told she is a VIP guest there. We came to the table and there sat 4 other of her elderly friends already seating and waiting for us. Oh boy.....there goes my hopes for a peaceful and relaxing dinner. Ok, lets cut it short and say that it was a very typical large table seating for a group of elderly folk who enjoyed their meals with loud talk.....the red wine they were gulping down didn't seem to help matters either. Anyway, I did not understand a single word spoken at the table all night, but no worries.....I had food to keep me busy!......good authentic Chinese food at that! And note, when I say this is authentic food, I mean authentic.....PF Chang's and Panda Express are NOT authentic :P

I pretty much left the ordering to the host and her friends since they seemed to know what good Chinese food should taste like. Needless to say they ordered all very authentic dishes that westerners likely wouldn't have known how to order. Without going into too much detail about each dish.....because I really can't remember the names of each one......we started off with lotus root soup which was very good....absolutely delicious, and coincidentally is my favorite Chinese soup! There was a roast duck dish, lotus root stir fried with celery and rice wine sauce, egg white fried rice with dried scallops, stir fried cubes of beef with a dark brown sauce, ginger and scallion lobster over noodles, farm raised chicken cooked with chestnuts and rice wine, some green vegetables with baby abalone and sauce, sea bass steamed with black beans, ............and I think that was it. It was ALL yummy, and I was really surprised at finding this quality and standard of Chinese food all the way out here! But yes, it exists. Yay! :)

All these delicious dishes for 9 people came to about $295 before tips, which was actually pretty good given the excellent quality of the food. If I should ever find several friends who'll join me for a good Chinese meal during future visits, I will definitely bring them here!
Two stars because the service wasnt great. WIthin less than 5 minutes of looking at the menu, the server rushed us to put in our order. Some of the dim sum items were unavailable during dinner time which was disappointing. Ordered shrimp fried rice, har-gow, sui mai, and kung pao chicken. Food was good but nothing to rave about. Ive had better dim sum at Mayflower in the Bay Area. The only thing I really liked about this place was how attentive the busboy was in refilling our drinks. Other than that, we saw our server twice - to take our order and give us our check.
Had friends staying at the Gold Coast, we ate at the restaurant, great service, great food.  I'm not much on Asian cuisine, but this was great, lots of food and even my friends commented how great it was, and they found their new favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas..  The waiter was very informative and helpful, took the time to explain things on the menu we didn't know about or understand.
The servers were extremely rude and rushy. 
The man wouldnt allow us to get our table until everyone arrived. Even though 5/7 people were already there. We didnt get our drinks until 25 mins after we were seated. Food wasnt that flavorful. The servers don't make eyecontact with you and The tables are extremely close to each other.
Weird atmosphere, delicious food, smoking next to the slot machines, couldn't ask for anything more. I make it a point to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas, whether just passing through or staying a night.
I love this place!  They are located inside of a Gold Coast Casino.  Whenever I'm in Vegas, I have to stop here for their dim sum.  I have been lucky to dine in at times when it wasn't really crowded, but I have seen those long lines.  I love their shumai and hair gow.  Their shrimp noodles are even good.  The skins are not falling off and the fillings are just right.  I like this place better than Chinatown in LA.  The servers didn't seem really friendly, but attended to the table and brought whatever was needed so no complaints.
Seating is limited and service is unhurried so expect a long wait at lunch time. Getting in is the hard part-- you stand in line with a crowd of people yelling in various Chinese dialects as they shove, cut, and complain-- all adding authenticity and closely matching my experiences in China.  Another reason for the long wait is, once inside, diners tend to linger. I don't blame them. The food is tasty, hot, and well-varied. All my favorite dim sum dishes were here.  Servers are friendly and I never felt ignored (as I have at other dim sum places).  For about $18 including tip I was able to stuff myself.

  The 40 minute wait to get in was painful but I'm glad I stuck around.
Second best dim sum I've had in Vegas :) their beef noodle is second to none. And their chicken stir fry as well as won ton soup is da bestest!
So I tried this place twice.... the first time I tried the food -  my brother and mom got take out for my dad and I for a late night snack - we had a bowl of Preserved Egg and Pork Porridge and a bowl of Wonton Noodle Soup. The porridge was okay - it was actually kind of bland and I wish I had salt. The Wonton soup was not any better - the noodles were stuck together and the wonton was also very bland. 

So even after trying the food here and knowing its not that good- why would I come back again? Well my dad didn't think it was so bad so the next day he wanted to order the same thing - I really didn't want to but he insisted he wanted to eat porridge - so this time we went to order it for take out again.

This time I experienced the service -- and it was ridiculous - took 45 minutes for two dishes...on top of that the waitress was very unfriendly. The chef didn't even remember to make the porridge until I asked the waitress three times after 30 minutes - and she finally asked the chef - which was just standing around - to make it. It took him less than 5 minutes to make it but I waited 45 minutes for it. Then after that I asked her for an extra spoon and she didn't even want to give it. On top

Definitely not a place I want to go back to. Both the food I tried and the service I experienced was pretty bad. On top of that they were pretty expensive.
This is one of the better dum sum restaurants in town as far as quality, freshness and selection goes. The service has a tendency to be slow at times, so be aggressive. Jump in front of those dim sum carts and demand some food. Prices are decent and there's usually a ten to twenty minute wait on the weekends.
Wait in line was 15 min, not too bad for 1:30 on Sunday. While waiting in line we noticed over 50% of the people dining were Asian, that was a good thing! And the carts for dim sum were hustling back and forth and all over the restaurant. We sat down right around 1:45... What happened to the carts?? The same 2 carts came round and round. We asked for a few items and the person said "later" and kept on walking. We were so disappointed!! We heard the food was great, "best in LV" and we got a total of 5 dim sum plates of food, nothing we really wanted, but we were so hungry!  One thing this town has no shortage of is good restaurants, so we won't be back and suggest others not waste their time if they are hungry. What we ate was okay, nothing special. And having to walk through the entire casino filled with cigarette smoke and leave so dissatisfied, we won't be back. Ever.
We recently dined here for dim sum at 10am so we didn't have to wait for a table.  They serve traditional dim sum on a cart.  The place was quite small, which meant that carts went around to all the tables. 

Overall, the dim sum was quite tasty.  The dishes we enjoyed the most were the assorted sweet and savory buns as well as the Shrimp Cheong Fun with plump shrimps.  The Sui Miu was tasty with the right amount of meat as was the tofu wrap.

There were a few misses.  The shrimp dumpling (har gow) was bland tasting shrimp with mushy, thick wrap. The Rice w/ Lotus Leaf (Lo Mai Gai) was mostly rice with minimal amount of meat and other ingredients.  The fried chicken wings were the worse with an odd mix of spices and too much grease.  We also ordered an item with rice and small spareribs. It was tasty but some of the ribs were fatty.


The dim sum dishes were inexpensive with dishes around $3 with generally tasty dishes and generous meat stuffing.
Last year I went to Ping Pang Pong with my boss and wasnt that impressed. I remember liking 1 dish and thinking the rest was just ok.

Went back a couple of days ago and had a much better  experience. All the dishes we tried were pretty tasty and service was quick. Standout dish was the BBQ pork. Mmmmm.
I had the chance to try this place out on one of my first trips to Vegas several years back.  I remember it being my first trip to the Gold Coast casino.

It appeared tucked away near a little food court, and the long waiting line made it recognizable.  I went with the standard dim sum fare available, soup was great, chicken wings were a little rubbery and way too greasy.  A few pushy people outside, as some other reviewers have mentioned.

I'd definitely go back, just haven't been on that side of town in recent Vegas trips.  I remember regretting not going back the next day, as the little snack bar beside it was terrible.
Ping Pang Pong is definitely one of the better places for dim sum in Vegas. They open at 10 and there's a line before it even opens which I was in since I was a bit early. With 10 of us we were seated right after it opened.

We were at the table where all the employees had to open the cabinet to put their personal items so we had to keep moving out of the way. The food carts seemed to have been sparse in our area but we were able to order what we wanted from the server. My favorites were the shrimp churn fun and the gai mei bao. The shrimp
was huge! All of the food was good but I wish we got to have more of a variety like the turnip cake that I love or tripe.  

Ping Pang Pong is definitely a little on the pricey side for dim sum but it is worth it. Even though you do have to walk into a smokey casino you will forget that once you are seated surrounded by loud parties.
I love the crispy half chicken from Ping Pang Pong.. Only thing is every second time I come here it's been sold out! We've had to eat the half roast duck instead (also tasty), Kung Pao Chicken (yes I'm dating a white guy ;) We've had pretty good service everytime we've been here and also manage to get a table straight away. Most of the time we eat between 12 and 3am so they usually run out of the crispy chicken by then. Once we came at 7pm and the crispy chicken came out 5 minutes after we ordered it but it wasn't even crispy. The other 3 times it's been great. We like it spicy. 

Dishes we don't like: hot and sour soup. It's not hot or sour... Just big. Wrinkly string beans - sounds exactly like what it is - wrinkly string beans, not the yummiest vege choice! 

Dishes that are average: won ton noodle soup - it's also massive and has lots of veges, chicken feet - flavour is ok. 

Dishes that we like - crispy chicken, pepper beef medallions,roast duck, Kung Pao chicken, Singapore noodles, prawn dumplings, Chinese brocolli. 

Will we be back?  Yes!
I have dined here 2 times before and the food was okay. 
 I had family in town, and they wanted to go here because they had heard its one of the best restaurants in the states, and won many awards. WELL- when we arrive we are served hot tea, the tea pot spout had some sort of green stuff stuck in the spout, it looked like water minerals that had built up inside it. We went it back. We had arrived when they first opened @ 5pm and I ordered beef chow fun. They come back and told me it was sold out already, disappointed and couldn't believe they were out in less the. 10 minutes after opening.  

We had ordered Singapore Noodles, which I've never had before so I don't know if it was good or not, but I personally didn't care for the flavor. But while eating my noodles, one was chewy, I finally went to pull it out of my mouth, it was the EXACT same color as the noodles, and when I looked at what it was, it was a rubber band!!! OMG, grossed me out, got the manager, and she replaced the noodles with a new batch, but so scary knowing that one of the children could of eaten it. 

The moo shu pork was good. But after the rubber band incident, I will never go back.
I love Ping Pang Pong. It is the best dim sum in Vegas. Sometimes the service can be a little slow, but the food is delicious and the prices are so reasonable.
Very good dim sum & prices are not bad for vegas.  I will come back each time i visit for sure.  I'm still craving this place when i got back to California & i tried a couple of dim sum places & they're not even comparable.  I may have to fly back to get my fix!
Never had I have to feel I need to leave a negative review.  

Got a comp for this place.  Ordered it at 10:50 for to-go; had to go up and play 11PM bingo.  I knew 10 minutes was short but you figure Chinese food doesn't take long to cook.

Lady says "14 minutes"; of course we think  "14 minutes" but I think she meant "40".  That's ok though, but my friend did go downstairs to check on our food twice. 

We ordered roast duck, fried rice and pork chop.  Unless you're chasing down Donald Duck and Porky Pig, I think 40 minutes it's more than enough for "to-go" food.  My friend who witnessed us ordering saw a family of 5 sit down and leave by the time we came back from bingo an hour later.

So we asked to just eat our food right then and there; I mean, bingo ends at 12am and it was 12:05, 15 min after our food was supposed to be done.  

Grateful to sit and eat we did.
 Minus service.  Had to wait super long before we asked for our check (just happened to be a to be a drink balance of $3...)

Monday night, slow service.  I really don't understand this; what pisses me off is that my food was a comp:  doesn't that mean VIP?  I didn't get my meal for "free", so don't treat me like I'm nobody.  I gamble a lot.  I can't rely on feeling "VIP" at this place.
=\
The Harbor Palace is a large Chinese restaurant on the West side of the Chinatown Plaza, and a place that I used to patronize quite a bit when I was hanging around Chinatown with a martial arts school I was involved with. Anyway, it stays open late, til 5 am, and appears to be very popular with the Asian community for larger family dinners.. they have a private banquet room as well. It is usually very busy, but if you keep vampire hours, it is one of the better options for dinner at 3 or 4 am. 

The menu is heavy on esoteric East Asian food....a lot of the menu is not the same old "safe" Moo Goo Gai Pan, but everything I have had there is great.  

Hot Pot dinners appear to be also very popular there, with the table-top heated pot of heated oil or water and a plate of various meats and vegetables that are dipped in the pot to cook. I have never gotten around to trying that, but I would like to. 

They also do great Dim Sum, with an endless parade of ladies making the rounds with carts of very cool, exotic stuff that you just have to try, because asking what they are or what is in them is pointless unless you speak Chinese, in which case you probably already know what they are. 

For Yelp's obviously large Asian readership, I would say, give this one a shot...it is most definitely intended for you more than non-Asians, but those of other persuasions with an adventurous palate will be rewarded for their daring.
Heading to the heart of Las Vegas's Chinatown, I'm checking out Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant for their dim sum.  It's about 1 pm on a Saturday and this restaurant isn't as busy as I had hoped.  (Not a good sign.)

My friend and her dining companion are already enjoying their Pineapple Buns with Egg Custard when we arrive. This is definitely a good sign!  (I'm not sure if the buns were hot when they came out, since I arrived a bit late.)  I enjoyed the sweetness of the custard, but the BF found it to be too sweet for him.

We ordered their standard shrimp dumplings and pork dumplings.  Both were standard.  They even had the Shanghai dumplings readily available as well.  They were tastier than Orchids Garden's version, that's for sure! http://www.yelp.com/biz/Jur1iiejUFw_YCkfDfy1gQ?hrid=aU3RP30FNJmzdi1e-Ksa-g  And since the red vinegar is left out on the table, you can feel free to drown it as much as you'd like!

We also had Chinese broccoli, shrimp on tofu, crab/shrimp puff thing, shrimp rice noodle, and chicken feet in black bean sauce.  All were pretty good.  We even had the salt and pepper shrimp that came right out of the kitchen, so it was nice and hot.  

The downside?  Service was blah, I mean really blah.  The ladies never smiled or showed any personality whatsoever.  And the guys working there were not that great either.  They refilled our teapot, but left it on the far end of the table, out of our reach.  One lady was very indifferent as she slid our order across our table.  They were quick to clean up our plates once the bill was settled, which can be a good or bad thing.  (It usually means they want you out of their fast so they can have the table back.)

Instead of sending the carts to the back for refills, they have waiters carrying a bunch of dishes in their hands or stacking them up and then placing them on a the cart.  I'm not so sure this is visually appealing.  

The bill was about $40 for four, not including tip.  We found this to be a bit more expensive than Orchids Garden and Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine since we know we ate less here.  (The BF wasn't so sure we got the correct bill even since the guy handling all the checks seemed quite unorganized.)

Overall, the selection was there, although lacking in desserts.  (I did see the sweet tofu come out, but no custard tarts!)  They did have a few things that some of the other dim sum restaurants didn't seem to have.  Sometimes you get the feeling they are really trying to push a dish on you.  I mean, how often can the congee lady come by asking if we want congee?  Because the restaurant is a bit smaller and they don't push the carts into the back, you'll find the ladies 'idling' by one side of the restaurant, which was pretty much hanging out by our table.  They could really use a lesson or two in customer service.  If they can fix this a bit, I might even be willing to give them a better score rather than a stiff 3 star.
Today I realized I haven't written in sooo long. It's funny reading these reviews due to the extremes of "Yea it sucks" - " Eh middle" - "WTF THIS IS FANTASTIC" . So I'm not sure if I'm being retarded...but I always get great service there. Maybe it's my wit, and charming personality....good looking, dashing, debonair, fun, smart,......yea...But this isn't a review about me. 
One thing I like - LATE NIGHT! I LOVE LATE NIGHT AFFORDABLE DINING. ESPECIALLY CHINESE! Because you get that craving on Mmmm I'm hungry. But the cool thing about chinese is you can eat a lot - 20 min later you're hungry again! I'm not sure if it's MSG...or it's the little parasites living in everyone's body from swimming in infested rivers. 
To be honest. I like the food here. It's definitely chinese. But at the same time they do serve to curve the All American Apple Pie Appetite with things like orange chicken, lemon chicken, broccoli beef....zzzzzz Oh I'm sorry if you order these things...STICK TO PANDA!
It helps if you've been to a chinese restaurant with a chinaman. Because they can order! They order fast and in small syllables. Next thing you know you have a feast to feed a small village. 
I do like dim sum here....mmmm dumplings, shrimp or pok. Mmmm and the sesame ball. Ok so good. Good for vegetarian too. I find myself typing but in my head I'm speaking in a chinese accent....Weird.
I think they've been friendly to me because I'm filipino. Oh yea that's it. Because the menu is catered to filipinos. Sure I can read most of the Tagalog on the menu. But where's the filipino food?? Oh...Rice....
The restaurant itself is nothing to shout about, nor was the decor nor the service. In fact, the service was pretty god damn awful to say the least. But then again, this is a Chinese restaurant and everyone knows service is going to be bad. If it were good, I'd be shocked.

So after several attempts at trying to find good dim sum, we ventured to this place after I saw it advertised on the Chinese channel while watching TV in the hotel. Believe it or not the hotel had Chinese satellite TV feeding from Hong Kong. I was up late watching old Cantonese soap operas -- but I digress.

So anyway, one of the places advertised was this one. Hubby thought for sure the food was going to be good seeing it obviously catered to a Chinese clientele. Well he was right. The dim sum, although not artistically created into teeny weenie morsels, were done well. Not only that but everything tasted good. The tripe was steamed with ginger and scallions -- lots of flavor, not like the one at Chang's. In fact, the har gow was also very very good (unlike that of Chang's). Cha siu bao was above average (and I don't even like cha siu bao) and so was the stuffed bean curd sheets.

I was a bit annoyed at the fact that when I asked for iced water, they kept passing the buck to someone else. Finally I just yelled out at a dim sum lady who then yelled out to 'amigo' in the back who rushed out towards me. Before he could even walk 5 steps I yelled out "DOS AGUAS" and he immediately turned around and got us 2 iced waters pronto.

4 stars for decent dim sum.

1 star for service.
Ahhhhh, I was so pissed after I got outta that place. In one point of my life, I was totally fascinated with dim sum and for my 21st b-day, we decided to go to vegas (so typical). I am proud to say that I was sober the whole weekend. Anyways, we went there only a Sat. morning and it was pretty packed. We had to wait for about 30 mins. First off, the dim sum here is expensive. I think that's the only thing I remember besides leaving the place and regretting I went there! haha
I only came here once and it was after a looong evening of drinking and gambling.  The food was fine for what it was...nothing to write home about but I had never been so dehydrated in my life the next morning!  Ofcourse more restaurants serve food high in sodium but I had never felt this bad before.  So what's the point of all this?  I guess I am saying there are a lot of better/healthier choices for drunken food.  Fatburger would be a good example.
2.5

Most of us would agree: At 3 AM, just about anything you put in your mouth tastes pretty good.

Tired and hungry, I was more than happy to let my chinese dining companions order. Many of our desired dishes were actually not on the menu but  the owner was more than willing to accomodate. Just keep in mind that you may be paying a bit of a premium for your special requests, like $14 for a bowl of rice porridge! Holy rip-off for rice porridge, Batman!
This restaurant had a rather high rating which I thought would impress my asian elders on our recent trip to Vegas.   

I've been here in the late hours to eat peking duck which wasn't bad, but wasn't great.   

Then I decided to bring a party of 17 to this restaurant for dim sum on Sunday and made reservations.   

I was asked why I chose this place as everyone was disappointed that the food was not that great.   

It's hard to explain, but it's just hmm...

Service was good.   But the food just didn't seem up to par.   Was it bad?   Not really... but it wasn't good.   

The place we used to go to on decataur which tends to change ownership or names every time we visit (yearly or longer) that I thought I would check this out.   

The other place had poor selection of dim sum vs. this place, but the food was tastier, hot, etc.   Here is was just... average.

So I hope the rating drops below the 4 stars because this is not above average and while I would go there again... I must protest their dim sum is not the best and what's funny is that the elders I brought would have rather gone to the restaurant with less selection and packed.

I rather enjoyed not having to fight to get food, but oh well... relaying the message of the party of 17 so that Yelp gives a better or accurate score.  

(Yes, you have to assume that I know what I'm talking about :^P)
4:30 am - SO's "weekend " begins, we played a few hours of poker and i'm starving yet damn tired ...i'm up for my $2 bk at the cortez room at gold coast ....closed for cleaning ....DAMN !!!  SO talks me into chinese ....Harbor Palace it is .....after 8 days straight of eating chinese ( in china ) i was able to go 5 days of non-chinese food ...uintil now ....squid w/ veggies ( squid very tender, veggies...tasty ...good dish ) chow mein ( huge plate of noodles ...fried...decent...a little dry () and hot/sour soup ( SO always rolls her eyes when i order ...but it's not bad , a lil too strong on the black pepper taste but overall, not bad ) 

a little under $30 .... for late nite / early morning decent place ....if "normal " hours, just an average chinese restaurant.

Happy Eating !
Discovered by my little sister she suggests I go here, we all meet up around 3pm for a late lunch and the place is pretty empty so we get prompt service. The place was a little dirty, burned holes in the plastic (smoking in vegas? ;) ) but let me tell you about the food. 

We ordered two fish dishes and a chicken dish along with dim sum. The serving sizes were nicely portioned we had tons leftover. And those who never eat fish were eating the food here and asking for me.

Want to know what I ate? we had to call it all chicken for my little niece to eat any of it, so the dishes were scallop chicken, white chicken, and just to tease her mind we called the chicken dish -- fish. And wow was she proud to tell her mom she liked fish :)
I came to this place a couple years back. Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant was a pretty good place to eat. I enjoyed the food that had here.
it was nearly 6 oclock and the restaurant was empty. 

they gave a lot of food for the food. couple of the dishes were salty and filled with MSG. although i must agree that there was a couple other dishes that were pretty decent. 


quick review, i'll revisit when i have time
Harbor Palace serves up average dim sum with a few above average items. The har gow was above average, while the 1K year old egg and pork porridge was bland and tasteless. Other items including the char siu bao and spareribs in black bean were acceptable and average.

The decor was a bit of fusion between Southern China and Vietnamese dive. Plenty of neon signs all plugged into few outlets which left me eyeing the emergency exits in case of electrical fire. I spied a couple of them moving waterfall art on one wall, which amused me with its tackiness and plebian charm.

Prices for the dinner menu are on the high side, but that seems par for the course for LV chinese food. You won't find those family meal deals available at 99% of the California chinese dives.

Service is standard dim sum which means little to no attention. No surprises here. At least you can tip 10% without any guilt whatsoever.

I have a feeling this place is the only game in town for acceptable dim sum, smack dab in the middle of Chinatown. Please prove me wrong!
A regular late nite/early morning stop for gf and i  but we finally hit the place for dim sum this last sunday.

This might be our new "go-to" dim sum spot - Orchids used to be our place ( prior to that chang's ) but given their shutdown ( i assume a temporary thing ) for health violations, we need to find a few spots ( we still like PPP ) 

GF and I agree that the dim sum was consistently served hot and fresh.  The standard dim sum fare ( served on carts ) but the gf thought the selection was limited and nothing unique ( i agree on the uniqueness but i was ok with the selection ) 

the price is also a little higher than the other places ( $39 bill for the 2 of us - that's the most we've paid for a dim sum meal ) but i was so appreciated of the food being well prepared, hot and fresh.
Don't come here! Worst Dim Sum in town...everything was super greasy and didn't taste good. Some of the dishes seems like it was from yesterday. The (Hum Sui Kok) was greasy, soggy and not crispy. Would not come back here again.
I stopped at Harbor Palace for a late breakfast (AFTER shopping at 99 Ranch Market:--note to self--eat BEFORE shopping for groceries...) right when they opened at 10 AM.  I was extremely hungry, and extremely happy with what I got.  I was too hungry to wait and see what all the carts had on them, so I went with char siu bow (bbq pork buns) and the sticky rice dumplings wrapped in leaves.  Then, call me a fool,  I simply had to have the gai lan  (ChineseBroccolli) with "Korean Sauce" poured over it.  'Bout the only asian foods I love more than gai lan are fresh lychees and Peking Duck  The gai lan was just as good this evening as leftovers, reheated with a little bit of deep-fried tofu.  I thought the service was decent, not unctuous, not friendly, but decent.  The decor was a bit battered, but I've yet to eat in a Chinese restaurant that has both beautiful decor and great Chinese food.  I'll try to go back once a month and eat my way through all the different things they have to offer on their dim sum carts.  That is, AFTER I try the Chinese BBQ place in the same center and Ping Pang Pong at the Gold Coast this Thursday...
We come here almost every year when we make our annual trip for a basketball tournament. They advertise that they have dim sum everyday, but we always go for dinner. Restaurant hours are certainly accommodating to late-night gamblers: 10 AM - 5 AM. They have a couple of separate banquet rooms which can accommodate large groups -- hopefully you won't need one at the same time a tour bus pulls in.

On our latest trip, we had: fish fillet with black bean sauce, string beans with minced meat, shrimp w/ lobster sauce, deep fried salted & spicy squid, the house special chow mein, orange peel chicken, and eggplant w/ garlic sauce hotpot.

The good: the string beans were fresh & crisp, and the eggplant hotpot was very tasty. The Hong Kong-style chow mein was very good as well.

The bad: fried squid was unremarkable and the chicken in the orange peel chicken was tough & chewy.

The ugly: the fish fillet w/ black bean sauce & the shrimp w/ lobster sauce both had way too much brown/white onion. The shrimp w/ lobster sauce had only six shrimp, and the lobster sauce had pieces of pork, which is something I haven't seen before. The flavor for both dishes was good, but just not enough fish or shrimp in each.

Overall, the food is probably pretty good for Las Vegas as far as being authentically Chinese, but the quality of some dishes isn't as good as you'd find in a community with a large Chinese population (i.e., LA or SF).
If you need to get your fix of chinese food in vegas...this is the place to come!  The best part about it is that it is open past 3am!  The worse part was that our food took over 30 minutes to come!

I highly recommend getting the Singapore style vermicelli noodles.  Sooooooooooo gooood!
Sam woo was closed so we had no choice but to eat here and we got it to go and took it back to our Hotel room. We found and effin worm in our Kang Kong veggies!!! and then to top it off an hour after I was throwing up all night! Disgusting! Do Not Go here!
This place is open till 5am but I'm not sure if it's the best time to try out their food. Our big bowl of jook didn't have much preserved egg and the shredded pork in it was rather dry. The texture of the porridge was on the thinner side and had an odd anise flavor.

Dry fried beef ho fun was on the oily side and the noodles seemed more al dente than they should be.

On choy was nicely cooked and seasoned very well, my favorite dish.
We went here around noon for dim sum.  

One of the things that initially bothered us about this restaurant during the first few times we went was that they had a $10 minimum purchase amount to use credit cards.  

Well today when we went, our bill was about $34 for the three of us.  We decided to just have them split it between two credit cards.  The waitress came back and told us "sorry, we have a $20 minimum purchase per card".

What????  The fact that they raised their minimum credit card purchase to $20 was annoying, compounded with the fact that the bill was over $20, and she didn't want to do it just because it would have been split between 2 cards.  I told her she had no choice but to take the cards because it's against VISA and Mastercard's rules to impose minimum purchase limits, and they could lose their ability to accept credit cards if we reported them.  She either took my card, or she didn't get paid at all. Simple as that.
One of the things that initially bothered me about this restaurant is that they had a $10 minimum purchase amount to use credit cards.  

On my most current trip, the bill was $34 for three of us.  We put two credit cards with the bill for them to split it.  The waitress came back and told us "sorry, we have a $20 minimum purchase per card".

WTF?!!  The fact that they raised their minimum credit card purchase to $20 pissed me off and my bf off, even though our bill was over 20 dollars!

We told her she had no choice but to take the cards because it's against VISA and Mastercard's rules to impose minimum purchase limits (which is true), and they could lose their ability to accept credit cards if we reported them (also true).

We have lost a lot of respect for this restaurant because of this incident.
Came here with the family last night. Service was mediocre. We asked for some pepper and the girl looked so confused. 

We ordered five dishes and they all were either too salty or had no taste. 

The only dish done well was the the garlic veggie dish which is a standard at any Chinese restaurant. All around disapponting.
Let me just say that I'm Chinese-American, first generation.  Grew up in Boston, where there was always good Chinese restaurants, dim sum or otherwise.  Worked with my father (as a kid) at one of the restaurants he worked in (as a busser, the bar boy or general help).  And, of course, there was mom's and Grandma's cooking, and my friends' mothers' cooking, so I would say I'm kinda in the know.

I'm in the military, since 1989.  Where I currently live, the only Chinese you get are the buffets, which to me is catering to the community, which doesn't have a large Chinese community, if you catch my drift.  I understand that business is business, and some of the restaurants are trying to sneak in some "real" dim sum items, but still ...

Went to LV a few years back, and found out that there's a Chinatown.  But I'll call it what it is:  Asian Alley (I should say Avenue).  There's a large selection of Asian businesses for what you want:  Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Viet, et al.  (My sister, who lives in LA and occasionally trips down to LV, didn't even know until I recently told her.)  It had been years since I had dim sum, and was hurting for it.  Drove down to Chinatown (it wasn't too developed back then), and found Harbor Palace.

Harbor Palace reminds me of the dim sum restaurants I went to while growing up.  The food and atmosphere takes me back, and I'm a kid again, a kid in a candy shop.  If the candy was dim sum.

Went back to LV temporarily in 2008, and decided I will have as much dim sum as I could stand for lunch and dinner (I would get take out).  I would eat at least $20 every trip, so I spent over $250 in less than a month, and that's just on dim sum only.

Found out a few months ago that I'll be moving permanently to LV around May 09, and you can bet  your ass I'm heading back to Harbor Palace.

Okay, here's the food review.  If you've never been to a real Chinese restaurant, give it a try.  The food you find in buffets is analogous to eating Taco Bell for Mexican.  You've had beef before?  Chicken?  Shrimp?  Pork?  Then most of the dishes you can eat because you've had it before, either as a burger, buffalo wing, or so on.  It's the way the food is prepared that I think scares people, because they've never had it cooked that way before.  If you ask the staff, they'll tell you what the protein is; vegetables are vegetables, and everybody needs more veggies so eat up.  The dim sum dishes are cheap enough that if you get a dish and don't like it, it won't be an expensive experiment.

Some may say that the service is a little off-putting, because of attitude or some imagined slight.  That's just the way it is, folks.  People go to France and talk about the rude waiters there.  If you already know and go, then why grouse about it?  Keep in mind the staff at the Harbor are immigrants, and English isn't their first language, so please be gracious, patient and understanding.

Why not 5 stars?  With the amount of money the owner(s) got coming in, the place could use a tune up.

Ooh, and don't forget that there are fish tanks, if you choose to pick your own victim for a meal.  Or, let the kids stand by the tanks and let them watch the fishies swim.
we came here laate at night, so i didnt expect the food to be too good. oh well, we didnt really want to keep searching for restaurants at 11 PM. you cant argue with the prices here, if you order the combo with like 6 dishes. the food was ehh, average. everything was cooked well, but the flavors werent too good. i dont think its THAT bad, i can imagine myself giving this place maybe 4 stars during regular dinner time IF the customer service was a little better
pros... one of the few dim sum places we found in las vegas.  i'm sure there were more, but this one was the one we went to.  close to the strip, lots of parking, a big aquarium with a few gold fish, somewhat helpful waitresses.  

now about the food.  i would come here mostly for the steamed foods.  so the har gaw, pork shumai, cha shu baos, and the steamed rolls.  the egg custard tart was also so good.  the only fried item on the list that made it was the fried sesame balls, which we only tried the yellow bean one, cause they do offer a black bean sesame oblong as well.  the best thing was the sweet silken tofu dessert, which was spot on, and is probably the best tasting, well syrup wise, that i have had.  it was smooth, light, soft and very warm.  the syrup was just the right sweetness without being too sweet, and the ginger taste was perfect.   

cons... well where should i begin.  well the place was a bit run down, carpets need a steaming, the chairs and tables were also very run down.   neon sign not working, and the windows were pretty greasy.  

the wait staff must have been afraid of me and the wife with the boxes of chinese herbal medicines on the table, or were they just ignoring us for the first 10 minutes.  but then they came by and it was good from there.  

the fried foods were disappointing, egg rolls were soggy, no sauce with them.  fried noodles also no sauce to accompany them.  somewhat a bit greasy with the fried foods, sounds wrong but if you fry things correctly you get very light and relatively oil free foods.  think of a good tempura, which is light and not greasy at all.  enough said.  all in all just a 3 star place.  when i go back in november i'm finding the other dim sum place in las vegas.
I was actually trying to eat at Ichiza in the early afternoon, which is in next building over, but I forgot to check that they actually opened up at 5pm.  Still being guided by my rumbling stomach, I looked at nearby restaurants in Las Vegas' "Chinatown".  While walking around, The Love us on Yelp Sticker on Harbor Palace's door caught my eye.  I thought to myself, "How awesome!!  Another loved yelp spot, the food here must be great!".  Oh how I was wrong.  Immediately, when I got in there, the atmosphere was dreary, somewhat old fashioned, and a little unkempt.  I then thought, " Well, maybe all the energy is poured into the excellent food and service, yelp will not let me down!  Again, I was completely wrong.  I started with the noodle dish and BBQed beef, and I ended with those.  I second that prior review, the noodles were both bland, dry, and greasy if you can believe that.  The BBQed beef was damn near all fat too.  I was like "What the hell?  I didn't remember ordering a big dish of just meat fat."  This place needs to be checked out by the restaurant sanitary inspector because it looks a little dirty.  My waitress even brought out a disgusting looking fish bucket to show the table right behind me.  What was that all about?  And to top it off, I waited nearly 20 minutes for the waitress to bring me back a doggy bag.  My bill was 20 or so dollars for some reallyyy crappy food.   I felt ripped off, let down, and regretful I even entered the door with the supposed "They love us on Yelp" sticker.  How did they get that sticker?  Did they steal that?  Well, I sure felt that they had just stolen my money.  Avoid this place if you can.
I'm not really sure what the rest of the dim sum scene is like in LV, but I thought this place was pretty good. We waited about 5 minutes for a table on Sunday around noon and although the dining room is pretty small compared to the giant places in SoCal, it was pretty packed. There was a decent selection and I found all my favorites including a few new ones like the roast pork. I just wish they had one of those carts that grilled up the radish cakes instead of putting them in the steamer. 

The 4 of us ate until we were stuffed and the bill was only $32! I think this is a great option when you've had enough with the buffets and just want something different. Plus they're open from 10 AM to 5 AM which is crazy, even by San Gabriel Valley standards!
The portions are huge and it's GOOD! When I try new restaurants, I always order my favorite dry fried string beans. This restaurant is among the best I've had.

Although the decor is tired and dated with poor 'cloud' paint job on the ceiling, the main dining room is airy with tall vaulted ceilings.
I had a craving for dim sum during one of my regular weeklong vegas trips, and i've tried other restaurants in the strip mall this place resides, so we gave it a go.  The dining room is pretty rundown and the tables and chairs looked like they had been through the ringer a couple times.  

On to the food.  The carts zipped around pretty quickly, and i was pleasantly surprised that the service was clutch.  I was seated furthest away from the carts so i had to get up every time to see what they had.  Despite that, good service i must say.  I will list the foods (some with my patented terrible description) that i liked and didn't like:

Likes:
-chicken feet - i like to eat these things, but i think it's cooler to watch other peoples' grossed-out expressions when i do eat them
-smelt - surprisingly flavorful
-spare rib - tender and tasty
-shrimp dumpling - basic but good
-the flat thing that tasted like shrimp and looked like an egg, also good

Drinking haterade:
-all egg rolls were bland and blech
-calamari just ok
-the steam rolls i had were kinda cold and blech
-other dumplings we ordered (not shrimp), take a pass

So some good and not so good things here, thus my useless 3 star rating.  I will continue my vegas dim sum search to other places, though i may come back here.
Went Easter Sunday for dimsum with our Chinese doctor friend and his precious family.  Even with 6 of us, we couldn't begin to try all the things I spotted.  I disagree with Keith (which is unusual), in that I thought they had enormous variety.  You definitely need to go with a large group of hungry adventurous eaters.  We had everything from  taro cake to shark fin dumplings, chicken feet, seaweed salad, crispy tofu -- tofu so many ways I couldn't keep track, simple things like eggrolls, dynamite dumplings of all shapes, sizes and fillings...we had chinese greens and bao buns that were to die for.  Our host explained that we should also order something from the menu -- he picked his favorite soup -- fish maw...but wouldn't tell us what it was until we'd tried it.  I liked it -- until as he suspected -- once he told me what it was -- then somehow it didn't taste as good anymore -- and I'm pretty adventurous...

He also ordered walnut shrimp which were also great - but one bite put me over the edge -- and I couldn't eat another thing....

I saw lots of things going by that I'd have loved to try...but it will have to wait.  

We met our host at 11:30 and it was packed with a wait.  They have a separate room for large tables -- 8 or more -- which seems to be the way to go, interestingly, to bypass the line.

The owner is a good friend of our host's and picked up the check -- so I have no idea what the bill was and never saw a menu....what I can tell you is that we were the only non-Asians that I saw in the place -- and that, to me, is always the best sign of where to find something truly delicious and authentic to eat.  My husband offered to work for free for the owner because he was amazed at some of the dishes served...

We'll definitely be back for more.  And I can't wait to see the menu...I've about decided I must have been Chinese in another life...

now  if only I can find my favorite Northern Chinese dish...mock peking duck...
This was some serious good eating! I wasn't aware of Vegas' dim sum scene, but this place offers simple, traditional, tasty and pretty good service of dim sum for the area. The prices are very reasonable! 

They have the little push carts that go around and that's a rareity to see these days in many of the new dim sum tea houses. It does help to speak the language (Cantonese or Mandarin), as the ladies on the carts will be more attentive to what you want to try or eat. 

We ordered the usual items like ha gor (shrimp dumpling), siu mai, steamed pork bun, chicken feet (yes!), pork ribs, congee with preserved duck egg and some other items.  We fed a party of 3 for only $40 - not bad! And, we were full at the end of our meal. 

The decor is a bit old school, so don't expect to be wow-ed by the restaurant's looks. Parking can be tough on the weekends, but there is a big lot. You just have to drive around a bit to find a spot. Otherwise, this place is a steal.  I would definitely come back again!
As I had mentioned earlier, I finally moved to LV. Unfortunately for me, I caught a bug or virus or something (will sleep it off after this review) on the drive down here. Wanted something from HP, but nothing too greasy. 

When I was inching past Hoover Dam, I thought, "Why not won ton mein?" (For those who don't know, it's thin noodles with won tons and some bok choy in chicken broth.) Not the most complex, but it satisfied a need. Asked for some char siu (boneless spareribs), and dinner was complete. 

Oh, and they did update the place ... 

by putting a solar-blocking shade on the windows. Small steps before big steps.
Bad service and the dim sum wasn't that great either! 

As everyone knows, you don't go to a Chinese Restaurant for the service -- it's all about the food or in this case the Dum Sum. 

We came here on our visit to Las Vegas and decided to take a gamble on this place. Unfortunately, the house won the bet and we lost. 

Let's talk about service, or the lack of service. Every time we requested something from the waiter/waitress, we had to ask two or three times. 

"Miss, can we have some water?" 
"Excuse me, can we have some water?" 
"Hello? We asked for some water earlier -- can we have some water?" 

Maybe they didn't want us to get full from drinking, but I sounded like a broken record. When we finally got the water, the waitress didn't apologize or seem sorry that her service sucked! 

On to the food --- this was some gross Dim Sum. The har-gow was blah - the chow fun was stick and nasty - the fried rice tasted like crap. 

Nothing good here!
It's Las Vegas, can't expect too much.  They have your most typical dim sum.  Sweet tofu was the best.
People are right about this place!
Service is aweful, they get upset if you don't order softdrinks!
Their dim sum isnt great, and they recycle food, and leftover
dim sum is reserved to another sucker!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THey also have a credit card minimum which is against the
merchant credit card terminal agreement. Very unethical place!
I came here on a Sunday morning and the line was out the door. I looked over at Sam Woos, and the placed looked like it was closed even though the open sign was lit up. So I decided the food is probably going to be better over here judging by the crowd. 

I went up the front, and waited about 5 minutes and never got acknowledged. I was just trying to get a number to get seated. A Chinese couple came up and spoke in cantonese and they were given seating numbers immediately. So I decided to interrupt and ask for a number as well. The asian lady gave me a dirty look, and the Chinese couple were nice enough to say that I was ahead of them and I deserve a number ahead of them. The asian lady refused and still gave me the later number. As I was walking away I heard .. " he jus stan der like a wood, no say nuthin so no numba!"   

Hmm so I guess customer service is not exactly their forte here. Since its my last meal in Vegas, and I have been meaning to try some great off the strip Dim Sum, I just had to deal with it. 

I was finally seated about 20 minutes later. The dim sum came at us hot and heavy. I was able to get all of my orange county favorites. The taste however was just as not as good as Seafood paradise in Little Saigon, but I would say its better then Cathays in Vegas.  The price of the food is definitely very reasonable. However the tip they earned was not so much. I expect at least to be acknowledged when I want to pay for service next time. 

I have dined at Sam Woos and Shang Hais in the same shopping center, but as far as Chinese food goes, this is the most authentic out of them all. I would come here for the food, get abused a little bit then leave with a full stomach and a stink eye at everyone you see in this place.
We've eaten here several times for both the dim sum (lunch) and dinner.
Yes the place is run down.  Extensive menu.  Reasonable prices, especially the dim sum, loved everything.  Had the house special fried rice and sizzling seafood plate last night mmmmm, even the sweetsour chicken I ordered for the kids was good.  Service seemed pretty attentive, we were the only wide-eyes in there :). Will definitely go back for the food/prices.
MAN! this place has suuuuuuuuuuuccchhhh a good location, good name and all. but the food is notttttttttttttttt that good! 

i know this place gets alot of business b/c of the location, but please people... venture out and read yelp!!!!!! cathay house is much much much much better than this place. its just a little bit down the street on the right hand side and about the same price.

I will only come here if i am meeting friends here and suggesting another place is out of the question.

havnt had dim sum here, but my close friend didnt like this place very much either.

I had dinner here... the food was ok, but i've had better.
Love the food, place is old and out date, little dirty, service is not that great...
Craving dim sum while on our Vegas vaycay, we decided to try this place out. The food is mediocre, service was ehh, and just about the only good thing was the decent pricing. Maybe it's not a fair comparison, but after dining exclusively at Mayflower for all my dim sum needs (maybe it's a Bay thing), Harbor Palace was a let down. The food really tasted little better than the stuff you get from the frozen aisle of the Asian market.  It didn't seem like the cleanest place to eat either.... So skip this place and find another!
The Place: Older, Didn't seem that Clean
The Service: Rude / Slow... Even though they weren't busy. Food took awhile to come out. 
The Food: The food was ok. Portions were not that great for Family Style Chinese Food. The menu stated a charge of $1.50 for a glass of water. (Though I wasn't charged for it) 

Wouldn't Go Again
We came on here on a monday for lunch and I swear there were more employees than there were customers! With that said, the dim sum ladies still took forever to make it to our table! The chop sticks came with leftover food on it and the dim sum portions were just hillarious! The dad and I were looking on the steam cart and the woman said we have shu mai in both a large and smaller size portion............????? Really?! Never heard of that before. 

I'd probably say if you're on spring mountain you're better off going somewhere else because this place is a joke and a poor excuse for a Chinese dim sum restaurant.
The mister had never been to the Chinatown area of Vegas, so we decided to have Chinese food for brunch.  Although I had a few spots in the area bookmarked that had higher ratings, we settled on Harbor Palace because we were starving and didn't want to go hunting for the other places.  

The place is a typical, no fuss Chinese restaurant.  Nothing fancy, but not too grungy.

They were still serving dim sum, but since it was already 2P, they had run out of most of our usuals.  We were able to get the pork baos, siumai, and shrimp dumplings.  The dim sum was good, but it is much back back in Cali. We ordered some congee, but it was nasty, it was runny and had no flavor.  The highlight of the experience was the service.  We had a nice server who kept checking on us and always had a smile.  In a Chinese restaurant that can be hard to come by. 

The food was not bad, but like the 2-star rating states: Meh, I've had better.
There's a reason why Harbor Palace ranks on the bottom of my list of dim sum places in Vegas.

It was my second visit ever and it just reconfirmed my experience from the first time I went.

Saturday brunch - 11:30 am arrival.  Not as busy as I would expect.  (Bad sign.)

We have a large party, five adults and four children.  As a result, we're seated in one of the larger tables in the room set off to the right of the restaurant.

We had barely sat down, especially with getting all the young kids seated, when the cart lady was hollering, "You want dim sum!?"  I was immediately put off with her attitude and probably would have left if it was just the Husband and I.  (My Chinese friend mentioned that her mom has a simple standard of dim sum restaurants - tea should be placed on the table before the food is brought out.  And she's right.  Growing up, that's the first thing I remember from my many dim sum brunches.  The waiters ask what kind of tea you want (usually as you're getting situated), and before the carts come, the tea is on your table.)

But in this case, we felt so pressured to order from the lady's cart and had baskets of food on our table way before the beverage guy came around to ask what we wanted to drink.  (I will say that he brought the tea and water over quickly and had our tea pots filled the whole time, of course with my help of flipping the cover up.)  

We got the typical orders of pork dumplings and shrimp dumplings.  Nothing special here, more dried out from over-steaming, if that makes sense.  We got a couple orders of beef balls and was surprised they didn't cut it in half (I've always seen it cut in half), nor was any Worcestershire sauce given.

Rice noodle dishes came by and I asked (in Cantonese) if they had Beef Noodle Roll.  She said they did, looked around, then asked if I wanted the Pork Spare Ribs one.  I said fine, and then she asked about the Shrimp one too, which I said was fine.  (Although she did try sneaking another one onto our table until we caught her in time to just say only one!)  And of course, the beef one never showed up.  

I asked for Egg Custard Bun, and she said they had it, but tried passing off some yellow bean one as well.  We did eventually get the Egg Custard Bun and it was not good....hard, dry and old.  Bleh!

Deep fried chicken wings were decent the first time around, but even better when we got them nice and hot.  The deep fried salt and pepper shrimp was also nice and hot when we got it too.

Other dishes included steamed pork buns, chow mein noodles, Chinese broccoli (been sitting out too long), shrimp and tofu, chicken feet, and steamed beef tripe.  Nothing memorable though.

The Husband wasn't eating much from the very start and I had to wonder why.  He discreetly pointed to the HAIR that was sitting on his rice noodle dish.  Oh. Yuck.  (And unfortunately we did not say anything about it then or at the end since we were with guests.  But normally, we would have at least tried to point it out after we paid.  And no, you never say anything during your meal because we all know what happens at Chinese restaurants if you complain.)

Overall, Harbor Palace is just not that good. We weren't that impressed the first time and we aren't impressed now.  And the service is beyond bad here.  Sure, I know everyone says you can't expect much on service at dim sum restaurants, but this places leaves a bad taste in your mouth.  It's not even worth tolerating.

They do have hot chili oil available on the tables, not just regular chili sauce.  And please stop asking for Sriracha sauce, you know who you are!
Food off the menu is pricey and not worth it! 

Dim Sum is horrible! Reheated in the microwave after a long rancid stay in the carts. 

This place used to be good 10 years ago, but I am so over it! Blech!
I've had dim sum here a few times, but after the last time I was here, I'm over it. They have your usual dim sum selection- shu mai, potstickers, dumplings, sesame balls, etc. It has always tasted like your typical dim sum, which is what brought me back. Besides, it's close to where we usually stay and it was convenient for lunch before leaving Vegas.

So why am I over it? The server got upset because our tip was inadequate. Honestly, what server provides you with horrible service and then brings your tip back to you and says, "What is this? This is not enough!"? Oh, it gets better. She proceeded to calculate the "correct" tip amount for us and said that was how much more we owed her.

Need I say more?
Best Chinese food here in Vegas for me. The dim sum carts are just endless. I'm not a big fan of Chinese cuisine but this place is an exception. Love the fact that they're open till 5 am.
Poor Las Vegas needs to UP their game on DIM SUM. As a San Francisco resident, I know some good Chinese food/ Dim sum. Harbor palace seems to be run down and caters more to.. people who don't know what good Chinese food is. They only had about 2-3 dim sum carts going around with not much of a variety to choose from. We got an order of chicken feet which were huge and tasted right, one shrimp and one beef cheung fun which was okay.. an order of spareribs which sucked... and one ha gao and sui mai which were decent, and an order of sesame balls and cha sui bao which I didn't try. We also ordered a plate of beef chow fun which was decent but very very greasy. Over all the dim sum wasn't fresh, but tasted decent, the prices are steep, and not worth it.
Oh, my goodness.  My parents and I had longer-than-usual stay in Las Vegas and were tired of food and buffets on The Strip, so we decided to venture into LV's "Chinatown" and see what we could scrounge up to eat.  We saw lines in a few places, but we decided to settle for dim sum.  It seemed to be really popular because the restaurant lobby was vomiting out people.  I mean, really, spewing people out everywhere, loitering and waiting about.  My parents, being the stubborn people that they are, decided to take a number and wait.  With a small party of 3, the wait shouldn't be that long.  

Well, it was.  By the time I got in, I was starving.  We waited for almost an hour.  By that sheer fact, I thought the food would be wonderful.  I mean, why else would people be waiting that long to eat?  Let down again.  I mean, it was relatively good considering I've been living in NH where their dimsum selection is a little... well, non-existent.  And it's the first bite of dimsum I've had in months and months.  So, it wasn't bad.  But I am still well-aware that there is plenty of good dimsum back in SF.  I mean, much better.

They were sooo busy, that no one paid attention to us when we wanted to pay our bill.  And the place smelled funny.  And it was SO crowded.  I was such between my dad's elbows and someone else's baby carriage.  With a baby in it!  Watching me eat!  Good Lord.  Next time, I'm sure we'll try somewhere else if we wanted dimsum in Las Vegas.
Basic dim sum in a strip mall. Food is fine. Service is what you should expect in a place like this -- few basic dim sum places are going to get lots of service points -- but it works. The food isn't something you are going to write home about , but it is fine. 

The place was not very busy when we went on a Saturday a little before noon. 

Note: If you take cab there have them call you one when you are ready to leave, we had a lot of trouble finding one.
Definitely wait to come here after 11:30 a.m. If you arrive early like I did at 10:45 a.m. everything they're serving isn't fresh. The first 3-4 dishes we ate were cold and disappointing. But once they start pushing around the fresh dim sum carts, the food is pretty decent. Just keep your expectations low and do not order the Wonton Noodle Soup (it's not worth the $7). I wouldn't eat here again if I could help it, supposedly there are better dim sum places in Vegas.
Best place in town for dim sum... Very nice people... Ask for Henda he's very funny
Tired of buffets during your annual trip to Vegas?  Check out Harbor Palace!!

Dropped by here last Sunday night with Mel and her family.  It was 100+ degrees outside....and 80-something inside.  Don't know if the A/C was on, but it was hot inside too!  The restaurant wasn't very well lit, and the place seemed like it would be dirty, but not dirty enough where you're grossed out by it.  

Anyways, the wait staff was friendly (engaging in small talk with Melly Mel's mom) and offered suggestions while we were ordering.  Food came out super quick - not fast like a typical Chinese restaurant, but SUPER QUICK, like the dealers-taking-your-money-quick at the casinos down the street! 

Things of note:  
* Peking Spareribs were good, but a little sour due to them using a little more vinegar in their sauce than what I am used to.
* Orange Chicken...yeah, just don't order it.  All white meat, but not good enough I'd order a 2nd time.

Would totally come back......but not for their Orange Chicken.
Better than eating at one of the hotels.  I wouldn't recommend the dim sum, but the food is decent
My family always comes here whenever we're in Vegas, but more out of convenience and habit really.  The food here is ok and I would have given the place 3 stars, but it's just soooo dirty here.  I had to take off one star because the bathrooms are horrendous here ... so much so that there were 4 stalls and i almost died going in there ... I couldn't go needless to say and decided to hold it in!
This place is OK, nothing special and if you come mid afternoon there is not much dim sum to choose from.  There are better places to get dim sum.
if you want to eat at a filthy dirty, gross dim sum restaurant, then come here.

this was my first time eating at this restaurant, and will certainly be my last!!

because ichiza was closed for lunch, therefore we ended up coming here for dim sum, and what a mistake it was, i was so embarrassed to have brought my family here.

the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, and they stuck us in a table close to the kitchen, where we can see all the dirty dishes and disgusting left overs, right then, i've pretty much lost my appetite.

the dim sum selections were very limited, and didn't taste fresh at all. most of the items were cold and stale, and the worst steamed dumplings(chiao long bao) i've ever tasted. the skin was very thick and hard, and not even sure what the stuffing was, definitely tasted like left overs from days ago....yack!!

the worst part was the sanitation of this restaurant, the carpet/flooring was filthy, and while we were eating, some waitress started to clean and spray cleaning solutions right next to our table, and some of it even got into our foods...i really wonder how this place got away from the health inspection dept.!
the order.
shu mai
har gow
bean curd wrap in gravy
rice noodle with shrimp
gyoza
shanghai dumpling

the food here is edible but i think that's where my compliments stop. the dim sum here was not fresh and they use a lot of low quality pork meat--meaning very fatty parts of the pork. the balance of lean and fat was not struck with this dim sum. the rice flour for the har gow was too chewy and borderline hard (as if it was reheated). the shanghai dumpling was probably the worst thing i had. i personally would not return to this establishment but it is an alternative to much of the generic vegas food. not to mention, when i first started out eating dim sum this would have been acceptable to me as im sure it is acceptable to the new palettes of many tourists that probably frequent this place.
Holy eff I am gonna get started writing a review about this shit hole. Do not waste your time on this palce. Everytime you ask for something it is like a problem.
Went there again with some people who had to have dim sum and we were in the chinatown plaza, so I  can tell you nothing but their portion and prices have changed, and not for the better.
they continue to recycle food, just watch them when they clear a table,
if theres good food left over, they will not throw it away, and will service to someone else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The dimsum is good and the price was good as well. I don't know what the other yelpers are talking about, I've gone here 4-5 times (almost every time I go to Vegas) and it's always packed and the food is authentic. The price also isn't as steep as Chang's across the street, and I recommend this place if you're looking for dimsum near the strip.
Harbor Palace get hammered here on Yelp...mostly because I think there is nothing special about this place. It is a utilitarian dim sum place that is located in close proximity to the strip and lacks immediate competition. We had brunch here on a Sunday and the food was actually okay. Although I thought the dumplings could have been much better and the shaomai was just okay, I enjoyed the Chinese broccoli, char siu baau, and shrimp har gao. 

Our servers were very friendly and the place was totally packed (with Chinese people) when we were there. My only complaint was that the servers with carts were really trying to push as many dishes on us as possible. 

I would definitely go back, and I'm still trying to figure out where all the 1-star reviews are coming from....the food was okay-to-good and the price was very cheap. Near the strip, what more can you ask for?
I had an overall terrible experience at Harbor Palace.  The service was terrible, the food came out slow, and when it did, the food was very mediocre, at best.  I brought two of my friends here because they wanted some good Dim Sum, and ended up wishing I went to practically any of the other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  

We ordered the Sizzling Rice Soup, Green Beans with Minced Pork, Hong Kong Style Crispy Noodles, and Fried Fish.  The only thing that was even remotely flavorful was the green beans, and everything else was bland, cold, and under-salted.  The noodles were soaking in a bland gravy that tasted like they thickened water and put it on top of the noodles.  The fried fish wasn't crispy and was bland, as well.  The soup came out last, and very cold.  I couldn't believe they actually served this to us.  We tried to complain but no one understood what we were saying, and we didn't see the waiter after we ordered until we got our check.  

Overall a terrible meal, and I definitely will not be coming back considering that HK Star and Joyful House are right down the street.
I recently wen to Vegas with my mother and since we have been there so many times, we wanted to get  night out of the STRIP restaurants. we went over to Chinatown and thought, what the heck, lets try this place. Inside was pretty boring, setup seemed more like your average cheap place. The waiter did not speak good english at all.....service seemed OK at best. My mom ordered Mongolian beef, her fav. which she found to be good and a very large portion. I had gotten the Jellyfish and Fish Maw and Crab Soup.....also VERY large portions. IT WAS AMAZING. I live in Alaska and have been searching form Fish maw and jellyfish since I have gotten back...only found one of them...I would definitely check out this place if you are into hole in the wall authentic places where you can try new bizarre foods.....
Terrible terrible terrible...been going here for many years, always for Dim Sum.  This place has been slowly going down hill but today was the final straw.  Service was horrible.  Selection was even worse...they had one steam cart and one fried cart for the entire place.  The steamed ones were dry and waaayyyyy over done.  Definitely go someplace else.
Place needs some work to be done. But overall I get excellent service here during the late hours after a night at the disco! Hasnt let me down yet!
When I first moved to LV, the new friends I made took me out to eat here.  I thought, chinese? Why not!  But when I saw the servers rolling carts around I was wondering what kinda restaurant this is.

THEY SERVE DIM SUM! It was my first time ever having dim sum and I had a good experience here.  I noticed the servers would mad dog you if you didnt want anything from their cart.  I found that funny.  They serve all the dishes a chinese restaurant would serve but they're honey walnut prawns are especially good.

Although theres other places I would go first for Dim Sum, Harbor Palace is a good alternative. But then again, its in China Town, and other dim sum spots are close-by. =/
Compared to the Bay Area dim sum standards, this place is just alright. But, when you are away and had a long night of partying with a hang over, this place hits the spot! Your basic dim sum and reasonable prices. Too bad the cab ride from Aria to Harbor Palace costs $20 in itself!
Holy grossness...I guess I shouldn't be so harsh about this place but the Vegas Strip is the land of food and I really think the competition is tight. If I had to wear high heels and fake eyelashes. I think this place can step up its game too! This place just doesn't do it for me. 

Pros:
Banh Cuon with Suong
Service

Cons:
Price
Location
Food
The only gripe I have about this place is the slow service. But other than that, for dinner, the food is pretty good.  I enjoyed the egg flower soup and honey walnut shrimp.  The prices are not that expensive, comparative to the ones in Southern California.
Dim-sum for brunch. Harbor Palace in China-town LV. This is part of the "
get off the strip" adventure.  Thought is was good. Dim-sum was " par for the course "  kinda like  "ho hum dim sum"

Don't know why many dim-sum joints paint their walls a putrid green  and, and true to form this place has flat screen monitors with a loop of advertisements.  This is a Chinese sea food restaurant that serves dim-sum. Sited in a "Strip mall" with Chinese/asian motif. 

Food: good / basic 
Service: hey it is dim-sum, women wondering around with carts
Value: thought it was ok
Decent dim sum and a crazy screaming host to boot.
Friends and I sometimes make an early morning "dinner" here after a night dancing in Goldcoast. As it is convenient and still open until 5 a.m. (from 10a.m. for 7 days of the week). There is no wait to get seated. The host sits us on any table we prefer on either table setting or booth-type seating. Sometimes,a few or no diners at this hours of early morning. Food service is quick to moderate wait. 

Noticeably, the menu have Chinese characters as well as below the English food titles are Filipino language translations. Is it because the owners are also of Filipino heritage or is it that the restaurant's dining patrons are predominantly Filipino? Interesting.

A wide variety of entree in the menu consisting of appetizer, soup, various seafood entrees (shark's fin, abalone, sea cucumber, lobster, crab, geoduck clam, scallop, shrimp, clam, oyster, squid, fish), various fowl entrees (squab, duck, chicken), beef, pork, vegetable, bean curd, fried rice, hot pot, sizzling plate, noodle entrees. Spicy Items are indicated. The usual soup I order each time I dine here is "Fish Maw with Crab Meat Soup" which is filled with fish and crab meat in a flavorful thickened broth. Hot Pots are generous and steaming hot. Oyster is also another favorite item ordered which are large-sized. Never overcooked. 

Family Dinner Combinations are also available starting from $12.95 - $17.95. A Special Lunch menu served 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Mondays to Fridays Only at $5.95 is a good deal to have which includes soup of the day, an egg roll and fried rice. Sometimes, this is an order I make when in the vicinity of "Chinatown", conveniently packed in a styrofoam box on a take-out request.

Just not expect quick attention to your needs, the servers seem to be preocuppied with something else when you need to get their service.
We stumbled across this place in search of a chinese restaurant, just so we don't get sick of eating buffets all weekend. Not only is this the worst chinese restaurant I've been to, this is the worst restaurant period. We went here for dinner and the service was TERRIBLE. Food took forever to come out and the complimentary tea was warm. I've had a lot of chinese food and they have by far the most bland tasting food ever. They use ginger in every dish so it all tastes the same. I had to dip everything in soysauce (which I had to walk up and get myself) just to have some flavor.

Their servers look like they hate their job, and the decor looks like a bunch of elementary school kids' artwork. I will never step foot in this restaurant ever, and I hardly say that about any place.
What you want?
The Fu King Rice.
You want Fu King Rice?
Yes.
Anything else?
No, just give me the Fu King Rice.

The entrees are actually not bad if you wanted some Chinese grub.  But not really worth coming off the strip just for.  It's OK.

Avoid the dim sum as it is usually not fresh and overpriced, i.e. the steamed stuff have been sitting around long enough for like siu mai/har gow wrappers to start to harden.  Aiyah!

As usual service helps a bit when you can speak Cantonese at these places.  All in all, average.
Had the rau muong with chao so delicious.  You must try the sea bass hot pot, it melts in your mouth.  The service is wonderful very attentive and nice.
Dim Sum? In Vegas?

We were all hungry and (well, mostly us midwest girls) were craving dim sum on a Saturday, so off we went out of the strip to go get dim sum.

We reached the little Chinatown plaza outside the strip, went to Harbor Palace and sat down right away. In came the carts- ordered my normals- chong fun, ha gao, shiu mai, etcera, along with my chicken feet.

The quality was okay. I made it fulfilled my craving? Wasn't exactly the best dim sum ever...but we were hungry and it sure beat Cleveland's dim sum, that's for sure.

Maybe this place would be better for dinner?
WhooooEverrr... gave them more than 1 star you should be ashamed of yourself!.. 
the dim sum was horrible.. I am in from LA and driving around looking for Chinese food.. didn't want to do any more food on the strip.. My friend and I had to do some shopping so we went to Chinatown.. wanted the usual hole in the wall place.... someone come help me just dig them a hole back to China...who is with me on this...?!.
the best thing there was the steamed Chinese broccoli... 
If I am in the hospital and in a coma from food poisoning, let them know that I ate here..... please pray for me
We were a little hesitate to have lunch here because there were only two parties in here. A single old lady and a couple who seemed to know the staff. 

We first started w shrimp chow mein. It was a typical chow mein. Flavors were nice, portions were big but lacking the plentiful of bean sprouts I usually like in my noodles. The menu was pretty standard for an asian restaurant, beef, chicken, soups, shrimp etc...

Second we ordered squid w snow peas and I think a bean sauce, but that's not what came out. We tried it anyway but the squid was really bland and wasn't seasoned at all. I couldn't eat this.

Lastly we got as advertised, fresh live fish. It was sea bass today and to choose between steamed or fried, we got steamed. Being said it was live fresh fish I though i'd get a whole fish. I didn't. It was nice and moist, very good, but could have used some lemon, although I don't think that's traditional for this type of food. 

Overally I give it a 2 out of 5.
We stumbled into this place while on the way to another Cantonese restaurant I chose.  My uncle saw it and remembered it from his last visit and decided to go there.

Big mistake (and I guessed he figured that out too, especially after he went to Wing Lei).  

The service was not so hot and the food was pretty bad.  I wouldn't want to go back at all.  There was just nothing to say good about this place perhaps except that the people were trying to be nice (even though they didn't really know how).
I haven't ate dim sum for quite a while and I miss it so much. So when we headed to Vegas, we want to eat that. We found this place in Chinatown plaza. The dim sum wasn't so bad. It's a nice place. At least the service was good.
sorry to say, this was not good at all

i had dim sum Saturday afternoon. The food was delivered from carts table to table. the flavor was oka but was not the best from other dim sum places, also the texture of "churng fun" (noodles with either beef, bbq pork, or shrimp) was really grainy  eek

so we order pan fried yellow noodles which was better than the dim sum. but still kinda bland. 

price range is kinda pricey from other places i've been to.
I'm on a quest to find a Chinese restaurant that's tasty enough to be a regular haunt. Reviews for Harbor Palace have never been great so it really wasn't on my radar. We only stopped in because I've driven by it hundreds of times and curiousity had finally gotten the better of me. 

We had eggrolls, sweet & sour chicken and eggplant in garlic sauce. The eggplant was really good, the rest was fine. Service was lackadaisical, but I suspect the language barrier might have something to do with it.
They don't even deserve one star. The food is alright but the service is very awful. 

If I were you and looking for a place to dine and relax, this is definitely not the place for you. If they are consistent on one thing, it's how horrible their service is. Give yourself a break and don't try this place.

Don't go here especially at night time; the server which is the only lady they got at night is discourteous and very rude. She was very impatient and impolite, maybe it's the language barrier but there was no need for her to give us some tone, attitude and dirty looks (She kept rolling her eyes, pouting her lips and giving deep frustrated breaths that  to my astonishment she was not ashamed to show us .) as we were ordering our food. We have to ask for water three times before someone actually gave us our drinks. The meal gets bad to worse experience when they forgot to cook one of my friend's orders, who end up not eating. (The first time we went there they also forgot to cook my order I thought it was just an honest mistake, now I know they just don't care. This was our second time to visit and definitely the last).   Everyone in our party of seven people was upset when we left the place.
I have been to this restaurant 4 times before and liked it OK. I find it funny that the menu is in Chinese of course, but also has subtitles in Tagalog.  I like it when ethnic restaurants are full of diners of that ethnicity; They're keeping it real.

Today I was craving the Walnut Shrimp. 
I pull into the parking lot and there's a crowd of people waiting to go in. What !?!? That's never happened before. I guess this is a popular place on Sunday morn compared to the weekday afternoons that I have been here before. I get inside and am seated quickly. And there are ladies with dim sum carts. I have not had that since I left LA years ago. The Walnut Shrimp can wait for another day.

Hot green tea was brought to my table quickly.

I got my food from the first carts to come my way: calamari, fried shrimp, steamed shrimp in a thin dough and 2 dessert type buns: pineapple and coconut. I liked it all. The hot food was hot; the fried food was crisp; the dessert buns were soft. It all tasted fresh.

Took most of it home since I was alone and could not possibly eat it all in one sitting.

I think the servers did a good job. They got people in and out quickly. There is a language barrier but to me that just adds to the experience.

p.s. After reading Yelp reviews, I guess it's a good thing that I have never seen the lady's bathroom LOL.
The WORST dim sum I've ever tasted! I'm usually not a picky eater but the food was so bad, I left with an empty stomach since I couldn't bring myself to eat anymore crap.
Dim Sum is decent.  I've had better in many other places, but I don't know of too many in Vegas.  They have the dim sum in the push carts.

We had a quick lunch at Harbor Palace and it consisted of:

- steamed pork buns
- shrimp dumplings 
- rice wrapped in lotus leaf 
- sesame balls with red bean paste
- long rice noodles with bbq pork

It's tiered pricing and about the same as in most places in the San Gabriel Valley (Southern California).

Overall, I would go back if I wanted dim sum in Vegas!

Xie Xie!
Okay, so, obviously Harbor Palace is not the best Chinese in the city.  Most of their dishes are so-so, some are revolting, but a few are memorable (braised sea bass in a hot pot = get it NOW).   Their menu is extensive when in comes to the seafood.  Abalone, shark fin, geoduck clams, lobster, crab, they got it! 

 I will beat you, however, if you order the honey walnut shrimp.  Picture Long John Silver's fried shrimp topped with room-temperature, Kroger mayonnaise.  Yep, that's their "famous" honey walnut shrimp! I'm still hunting down the person that recommended it to me.  

Also, be warned that their waitstaff may or may not mistreat you.  I personally enjoy rude Chinese restaurant waitstaff but you may not.  They get three stars  simply because their staff are extra grumpy.  Really, I love brusque waiters.

P.S. - If you're a glutton for punishment, get their frequent diner card.  You'll get coupons for free food (I guess, if you want it...).
My parentals wanted to go over here because they heard that it was really good. What they found out was that it was really over priced.

The decor is decent and there were a lot of tables but a lot of them were empty too.

Yeah, the food is decent as well and some items are tasty but some of it was sub-par and tasted like you can get it anywhere else for a lot cheaper. I was not a fan of their dim sum chicken feet which was sad because it was China Town and I would prefer one of the dim sum places here in Utah instead. We got some fried rice, fried fish and an oyster stir fry and they were good but way to pricy for what it was worth.

In the land of Las Vegas, you can absolutely find a better place than this without looking too hard. So, I'd pass this restaurant and find a better deal elsewhere.
There wasn't anything good about this place. The dim sum dishes were tasteless and cold. The servers were also very rude and had a bad attitude when asked for anything.
this place sucked ass!my ass would have tasted better.
1)the false advertisement of late night dim sum
2)they couldn't make a smoothie because it was apparently busy trust me it wasn't
3)the lemonade wasn't fresh it was Brisk
4)their credit card swipe machine didn't work

They were trying to sell lobster for $28/lb and the won ton soup tasted like the tea, the fried rice had a foul smell and the shrimp was chewy didn't taste fresh.

What a waste of a $50 meal. It put me in such a foul mood that even though I was hungry after I couldn't be bothered eating after that I just didn't want to be disappointed.

The decor was cheesy.Don't go here!!!!!
Un-be-lievable!  We should have stuck to our gut instincts and said "no" to trying out another dim sum place, other than our usual, Orchids Garden.  We should have also read all of the Yelp reviews on this place before entering their restaurant.  What a mistake we made!  Never before have I asked my family to ditch a restaurant the moment we got seated...until this day!

Walking in, my family didn't get greeted by the host upfront with his head buried in a newspaper.  No.  Instead, it felt as though we had disturbed him.  It took him a while to muster up a "how many?" before he removed himself from his seat to sit us at a table.  STRIKE ONE.

Next, we asked our server if they had dim sum.  To which she rudely replied, "Dim sum, no order!" seeing we had their menu before us.  Okayyyy.  Understandably, we weren't going to order dim sum from their menu, as we are accustomed to ordering from CARTS!  She walked away and returned with a paper menu of dim sum items and a pencil and dropped them at our table; no explanation.  Weird, so I assume, we DO have to ORDER, as we see no cart in sight anyway.  STRIKE TWO!

We finally get to writing down our list of dim sum items we would like.  We then proceed to asking her for two more settings for our table of four (we were seated on a table set for two).  Without a word, she turned around and grabbed two settings from an open table.  As she began to "place" them on our table, she pushed past my two young children reaching over them, resulting in her "thrusting" the fork and knife toward my husband as he was writing.  Really, woman?  She basically poked his hand with a fork tine, never excused herself for it, and simply walked away.  RUDE!  STRIKE THREE!!!

At that point, I asked my husband if we could leave.  So upsetting!  As I walked past the server, who then realized we were walking out, I pointed at her and scolded her with a "YOU NEED TO BE NICER!"  Then we left.

Now, I apologize in advance if I offend, I have no intention of it.  But, seriously?  At some Chinese restaurants, you are commonly accustomed to experience a kind of abrupt, hurried kind of service that is typical of their customary practice.  I should know.  I'm Chinese myself.  So, I'm not being overly sensitive of the situation at Harbor Palace that night.  I know what to typically expect, or not expect.

But, this???  The customer service at Harbor Palace should not be experienced by any paying patron, no matter what!  (I should say, the lack of customer service).  They have no common sense of decency when it comes to working with people.  In fact, I believe that because they are "fed" their business via tour buses (don't ask me how or why it is that way), they feel the need to not offer good, if any, customer service.  We are NEVER returning to this place again.  They are disgusting.
Ive been coming here for years and this place is alright.
Not the best I have ever eaten but not the worst either.

I usually come here late at night or in the morning/early afternoon.
Late night I usually order a fried rice.  Either the Yang Chow, BBQ pork or the salty fish and chicken fried rice.
I also usually get an entree like fish with black bean sauce, fried pork chop with salt and pepper, fish with spicy salt and pepper or a soup like the won ton or the hot and sour soup.
All the above dishes are pretty decent flavor wise.
Good enough for 3am as far as im concerned.

The other times I goto this place are in the early afternoon for dim sum.
Last time I went for dim sum they had the carts rollin around as usual.
I have never had to fill out any type of paperwork to eat dim sum at this place.
The dim sum is decent.
I usually get sesame balls, pork bun, shumai, harcow, and chicken feet.
All pretty standard in terms of flavor.
Nothing really stands out or lets me down.

The service not bad at all.
I have been eating at Chinese food joints for over 30 years from Hong Kong to Thailand to San Francisco to New York to Jakarta....you get the idea.
All that "Asian folks are so well mannered and polite" is some stereotype junk.
These cats wanna know what you want to eat and drink and thats it.
Dont expect any type of convo/banter especially if you dont speak the same language.

Lots of folks mistake cultural differences for bad attitudes.
Dont get it twisted folks.
We all have bad days and good days.
Maybe I got it all wrong but then again im not an over sensitive attention monster.

Food: B - Step up your food game guys, dont get complacent.
Service: B - Train your employees to handle problems better.
Cleanliness: C - You really need to do a complete cleaning of the store
Overall: B-/C+ - I will continue to eat here just wish they would improve.

This place aint as bad as people are saying.
All the basics for a great Chinese restaurant are there.
Management just needs to remember that they have to try and improve every single day...
For some reason I think of buffets and steakhouses when in Vegas but hey it's always good to try something different, so this is my first Chinese restaurant in LV.

Service was okay, dim sum food was average, prices were cheaper than Mei Sum back home.
This place has the best seafood congee!!! It's not on the menu. Everything else sucks excepts this congee. Tastes perfect. Seafood comes with fresh fish (don't remember which fish), octopus, scallop, shrimp, ect.  Yummy!!!! Dont get anything else, u'll b disappointed.
Best after hours spot to hit up, orange chicken and duck is amazing! We always take our friends here who visit Vegas. Price is affordable!
Food taste good.  Portion is very small.  There is almost no service but charge 18% tip - this is not right!!!
You know what the best thing about Harbor Palace is? 
It's next to a Mr. Sandwich baguette shop. After being completely revolted by this place, We ended up hungry and went over for some delicious roasted pork sandwiches. 

(yeah, this place sucked that bad. Greasy dim sum, surly dim sum ladies.  The steamed beef roll wrapped in bean curd was disturbingly sour. We stopped ordering after only five items, but the damage was done - a $31 tab to leave the premises. But I guess it's the only game in town, so that's why it's still in business.)
The only reason why we went here was because after a 4hour road trip from CA we wanted some dim sum to start our weekend off and since the Harbor Palace was listed off offering it on the Malls board we walked over and decided to give it a try.

There wasn't much variety after looking at 4-5 different carts that's all they had to offer. The siu mei and the chicken feet were the highlights everything else was bland and not exactly worth the meal . Go save your stomache for one of the places to eat at in the malls or try out ping pang pong down the road for better dim sum.

Though for some reason the place was filling up pretty quick i'm assuming is because of that sign thats posted listing off all of the restuarants and what they have to serve. I guess its a plus that they serve until 5am on weekends.
So we stopped in here for some Dim Sum Cantonese Style. 

After only 2 carts, I was able to get all of my favorites.  I love it because all you have to do is point and they serve it to you. It helps that I speak Cantonese, so I was able to request my favorite, but I can see how this would be frustrating to others who are not familiar with Dim Sum. 

Yes, they do have chicken feet.

Unless you can read Chinese, chances are you won't be able to read the check and know exactly how much it will cost you, or know the actual name of the item that you ordered. Meh.  Sometime's I'd rather not know. 

I thought this was a great place for Dim Sum, but it certainly is not a good place for Dim Sum beginners without an old Chinese person or a seasoned Dim Sum eater.
DIM SUM review only.

We came here on a Wednesday during the lunch hour and had the dim sum.  This is by far the ABSOLUTE WORST DIM SUM I'VE EVER HAD.  Hands down, there is no competition.  The siu may tasted old and disgusting; the shrimp dumpling was slightly better, but not much to care for; the spare rib pork on top of rice noodle (huh?) was tasteless and so was the BBQ pork in rice noodle dish; congee also had no flavor; har gow was just lukewarm and tasted just ok.  The best thing we had was the egg custard pastry.  I won't come back here for dim sum ever.
Food was not great. Service was very very poor.
Dim sum is good when it is fresh however, to me it seems like they lack variety. And as another person mentioned unless you can read chinese you won't be able to tell what you are being charged for or the name of the dishes. So if you want to order them in the future I guess you are just going to have to wait until you see it in one of the carts. I like their shrimp ball, and crab ball the most but when they do have a lot of variety it is really good. I would recommend it.
Dim Sum so sad it will make you cry like a little baby that just had dim sum so bad even a little baby knows it's bad. Waaaaaaaaaa. 

If you never ate Dim Sum before you would leave thinking Dim Sum is short for Diminished Sumthing.
It was Sunday, Mother's Day and the Clippers had just eliminated the Memphis Grizzlies and we decided to go get some dim sum to celebrate.

One of my buddies had just got through saying he had never had bad dim sum and how bad could this place possibly (possiblai) be?

So we got a few items from the cart, typical dim sum stuff, and it wasn't a good sign when we all said, 'that's shumai???'

We ended up finishing what I think was 6 plates worth of stuff, got the bill and saw that it was pretty pricey for dim sum.

We were still hungry afterwards and ended up at Lee's Sandwiches at the next plaza over.

Definitely wouldn't recommend this place and not too sure there are many other dim sum options in Vegas.
What can you ask for as a Chinese in Las Vegas........ to have a dim sum place around the Sin City China town..

However, the fact that I am from the San Francisco Bay Area..... makes this restaurant a really so so so so place........ 

No offensive...but remember, You are in Vegas...not Macau..... so, having more authentic Chinese food around is already a good thing
They have shark's fin soup on the menu. I saw that and got too woogy to eat. The sea is being decimated and there's just no place for this item in modern cuisine.
After a big night out, went out here at 4AM to grab a quick bite before heading home!

Service was fast! Like "You-Just-Ordered-10-MINS-ago" fast but sh*t...
FOOD WAS SERVED COLD!!!!
and i meant, NOT EVEN WARM or ROOM TEMPERATURE at least?

The two quickest food you think they can prepare in a hurry,
egg drop soup and chow mein,
was probably a left over from the night before and
didn't even bother to heat it up for us! 

YUCK!!!!

Do yourself a favor!!!

Go somewhere else or just buy yourself a bowl of noodles from 7-11.
Don't even think about going here!!


LOVE LIVE THE "PANDA". LOL
Purpose of visit: late lunch after spending the morning shooting each other during paintball. Group decided to go for a lighter meal given the time. Service is quick and efficient. Food is above average Chinese. Some of the dishes we ordered was fried pork chop. Pieces we battered and fried but a little small. Steamed whole sea bass. Garlic and spring onions made this dish very fresh. Fried rice and noodles were typically reliable.  Space is large and old accommodate a group of 12 very easily late afternoon.
This place is dingy though clean. It's painted in a lackluster pastel light blue on the inside. No frills at all here. They serve dim sum the traditional way by having ladies come around with carts. The quality of the food did not convince me. We were also pretty sad that the Chinese Broccoli was not ready yet.... We love our Chinese Broccoli....seriously love it too! They have a very homestyle flavor to their food here. Not that I know what homestyle Chinese food tastes like so much as the food has a really basic flavor to it here. It doesn't really stand out. Some of the dumplings reminded me of Mexican style chicken soup flavor. Not that that is bad really, but still I am used to better tasting dim sum. Service is not bad. They kept on asking if we wanted tea refills which s really good for this kind of place - especially when it's busy. If you do not wish to understand that some people that work and serve food in this country don't speak English terribly well you won't like it here at all and of course - you will mistake it for bad service. Parking is a breeze. This restaurant is in a nice big lot where many of the buildings have pretty Chinese style roofs.
Review regarding Dim Sum: I used to come here a lot, and it used to be good. When I heard they had dim sum, I was so happy. When they brought the first tray, I wanted to leave. They have a very small selection, and it made me want to cry.
JULY 27 2012 people go around in carts or u can order from the menu. The decor is ok. Overall this place is alright the food is not really that great. I would plan not to go to this restaraunt
nothing special
Worst service, workers speaking loud on their phone, flies all over, workers don't speak english, unable to use their own coupon, food sucked.
The dim sum was decent but the selection was small. Price was good but all dim sum places should have good prices!
Lackluster service with takeout quality food. 

My girlfriend and I took her father here. We entered the restaurant and the host was on a personal phone call with her back to the door. We listened to her for a while, then she realized we were there and quickly hung up. We were sat at a table with a dirty table cloth under a pane of glass. 

The president was in town and Channel 8 was showing the speech. I asked if they would show the speech on one of the three TVs which were all turned off. The manager said the TVs were reserved for advertising, and turned on one of the TVs to some type of advertising channel which did not show advertisements for the restaurant (think video games and movies.) The other two were not turned on. 

The menu has approximately 200 entrees and took a while to read. The servers seemed impatient, and I do mean servers, as we had multiple servers.

We got our appetizer, and the server spilled the sauce on the table. She said, "Oops," but did not clean it. The entrees were not far behind, and the same server set the first dish in the sauce she had spilled. 

The food was food, and I cannot say it wasn't. Her dad and I ordered a two person family dinner. It was greasy, bland, and surprisingly poor quality for $15 a person, but it was still food. My girlfriend's hot pot was bad. It was still food too, but she did not enjoy it. We ate until we were full, and then I used the bathroom.

Which brings me to the bathroom. The exterior door was filthy; the kind of filthy which causes you to dread entering the restroom. Think "behind the gas station in Kingman, AZ" dirty. Once in the men's restroom, you will find there are two urinals. The one on the left was leaking onto the floor, and the leak spread under the other urinal. This makes it impossible to use without standing in the leak. The leak runs even further under the stalls, and I imagine your pants would get wet if you had to sit on the toilet. The floor was sticky in the dry spots. 

We shall never return.
Very bad,  waitress!

Bad service, long wait time.  Crazy prizes. Specials not on holidays or weekend is what she told us, But it was a Wednesday (no holiday)....
Service is pretty bad, food is very good. This place is one of the few places in town that does daily dim sum, so i've been here quite a few times. Lots of ultra traditional dishes, so be sure you know what you're ordering or you may be in for a surprise.
This is the dirtiest place to eat Chinese food ever!  We sat down we saw the bowls  and the spoons on our table still have left over rices. One of our water cup has a yellow ring inside and i was able to remove it easily a straw, not sure what it was so we left that cup if water alone!. Either the health inspectors in Las Vegas are too gamblely or they always been doing a lousy inspection job!!
Didn't try the dim sum. I had a hot pot instead.
A few points: 
Rice is extra, only 80 cents, but extra all the same. Not a place you go to for that chinese dinner combo with the soup and egg roll included. 
Not particularly clean. 
$20 min for credit cards.
All things I expect in a more traditional chinese restaurant. 
At any rate, bean curd and mushroom hot pot was actually quite good. 
I didn't see any carts going around with dim sum, so I wasn't able to try any, or maybe I was supposed to ask for a special menu? I don't know, but I'd like to come back and try the dim sum next.
Horrible place. Not happy about this selection a couple of weeks ago.  The service was horrific.  Rude and impatient staff.  Price is weird and they charge you for everything.  Not recommended at all.
My Wife and I were brought here with friends while in Vegas and we really liked it.  I don't understand the reviews but hey it is what it is. All of the food tasted fresh,  plus get this, my service was good.  Now, I can understand why people think the staff is rude, but they were nice enough for my group.  I totally will go back to this place next time I'm in town.
Ehhh, probably didn't help that I had dim sum a week later in SF but I think my whole group agreed that this place was mediocre. 

Service was slow and the ladies weren't the friendliest people. Definitely do not come without someone that can communicate to them.

Food was alright, but it didn't taste very fresh even though we came shortly after they opened on a Sunday morning. It wasn't very busy and there weren't many carts to choose from but I might be spoiled with dim sum joints in CA. 

Overall, food didn't taste fresh nor very good and the lack of service made it a lackluster experience. It was cheap, only ~$10 each with 7 people! But I probably won't be back. 

Tip: They only split card 4 ways so bring cash!
Located at the end of Chinatown Plaza. Average ambiance and interesting layout to fit the dim sum for a quick fix. Nothing novel. Tired gals trudge their carts in circles if you can yield their attention. Bussers clear dishes regularly. Typically loud if groups of Chinese are bussed in.
Terrible place! Food is alright but not the best. There are also these ladies that just push they're ugly carts around the whole restarting forcing you to buy the food on them. I think that's very distracting and annoying! The owners or mangers of the place are like hawks on your shoulders. They literally watch your every move as if you're going to rob the place!! Service isn't that great either.. probably wouldn't reccomend to a friend
This was the worst dim sum ive ever had! Went there for lunch atound 1 pm there food wasnt warm because the lady asked us if we wanted it heated up. We should have just walked out then. There was a hair on the soy sauce container too. Lost our appetite after that. Grocery store dim sum would have been better.
We love dim sum and our most favorites are in SF. We got to this one by accident and it was pretty good we even got some bao with chicken in taste we never has. We also order cod fish ala carta which was excellent. The service was good and even few that spoke reasonable English.
This place opens late. We came here for a really late dinner and we ordered:

Beef Chow Fun: This was ok. It came out hot and they gave a good amount. There was a good balance of beef and noodle.

Thousand Year Old Egg Congee: Eh, this was ok. It was slightly watery. This wasn't the best.

Chinese Donut: This was made fresh. It was really crispy and warm. I liked it.

Won Ton Soup: This wasn't that good. The soup broth tasted more like a chicken broth. The won tons were a bit large too.

Service was good. I think it was because we were the only ones here since it was late. 

The restaurant is large. They have a lot of tables and enough space for larger groups.

Overall, ok place to eat at if there's no other place open.
Good for a dim sum fix, and a cure for a hangover.

They've got all the usuals, normal price for dim sum, and attack you once you sit down.
The dim sum here was pretty good,  and the service was relatively friendly.  The location is right in the center of Chinatown.
One of the worst places I have ever been to. The service is horrific and the server named Chuong is terrible. I made 3 simple requests and he still could not carry it out. The food is decent. Would not recommend, not getting your money's worth.
I came here with my family of 4. we came at 9:50 am and there were 2 tables already here. Right when we sat down they asked us what to drink and rushed us to pick our dim sum before we even poured our tea. My dad asked to give us a second to drink our tea first and the staff started giving us attitude. They neglected us and we're talking to each other (a lot of cussing btw).

The food was the usual but extra strong in MSG and starch. my spareribs and cow stomach was covered in starch. small portions for expensive price. I won't recommend anyone to come.
Terrible. Got here at 9am for some dim sum. Service was sloppy and unprofessional. Then we asked for tea refill, the waitress answered ans said okay and then we see her on her cellphone for like 5 mins and forgot us, so we asked another person. Food wasn't the best either. The decor is dim and dark. The place, table, and plate wasn't all cleaned either. Not worth trying.
My friend did not like his beef dish, and the cut was low quality. I ordered steamed vegeys off the menu- they charged $25 for that. Are they for real? Not planning a return trip.
Worst dim sum service ever. Do not sit in the back room. They forget about you. Usually we always over order but no one came to us. At that point we didn't want to eat anymore. My friend asked for more napkins and she said later and never came back with it. We ordered snow pea sprouts and it never came out. No one came to check on usour anytHing. There were seven of us and they brought us four waters. Honestly I've had better dim sum with more variety too. It only seemed like they had the same three carts rotating. We really didn't want top leave a tip whatsoever but the bus boy was the only one that came to us.
Good dim-sum ruined by extremely bad and rude service.

The dim sum is great, we always get the bbq pork buns, shumai, chicken feet, stir fried noodles, rice noodle with short ribs, etc. 

Service on the other hand was pretty sad. We just ordered five waters and we were halfway full of food before it came out, and we had to ask about 3 different servers.

Not much else to say, this place has great potential, but let's face it. You are in Chinatown. You are in a traditionally ran Asian restaurant which means service is last on the priority list.
I'm shocked this place didn't have better reviews. I debated between a 3 and 4 star.  Either way I would def go back because the dim sum was amazing.  We went on a Saturday where we are used to only getting Dim Sum on Sundays where we live so that was awesome. The staff was super nice.  Lots of selection, the calamari was good, the Taro was very very good! It had the usual dim sum items like chicken feet but had not as common ones like the whole baby fish and bitter melon.
Their foods are really shitty, I got food poisoning here and I can't even stop throwing up and shitting like AVOID THIS PLACE IF YOU CAN
Have not been here in years AND WILL NEVER GO BACK!!!!!, After reading the other reviews it seems as though nothing has changed.  I still remember the visit here vividly as it was the worst experience i have ever had at any restaurant in my entire life!
I remember how dirty the place felt with the tacky decor, should have been a sign to run. Second issue the host had attitude to seat us in a booth with two children said no children allowed in booth. Didn't wanna hassle finding another place though because kids were hungry.
We ordered walnut shrimp, Mongolian beef, salt n pepper pork chop and fried rice.
About thirty minutes later I ask a guy where our food was. He said what food!? So I say never mind we are leaving. The original lady who took our order saw we were trying to leave started shouting "why u leave no pay, food coming u need to wait" [sic] 5 min later they proceeded to bring out food, they brought out fried shrimp, soup and Chinese broccoli. I said we didn't order this. She argued yes you did. By now I'm so livid I didn't wanna make a scene so I asked my husband to deal with them before I explode. So I go to the car. 20 minutes later he is walking to the car with the food we didn't order and I guess our order then I see the lady chasing him and saying no tip for me not even one dollar!! OMG are you serious?????!!!!!! She had the audacity to literary follow him outside and say this in the parking lot! Of course no tip, not after the absolute worst service ever !! That I thought was the worst part. My husband gets in the car to tell me the check was $83 meaning they charged us for the food we did not order!!!!!!!!!!!! He said the host who takes the checks wouldn't budge and said how does he know its not our fault and we keeping the food anyways even though we said we didn't want it he said ok we still made food if u keep or throw away u still have to pay! Unbelievable!!! If you want to experience a nightmare go here! Not saying your experience will be as horrendous as mine , but just thought I'd share my dining out nightmare here as I can see I'm not alone In this. 
Yelp should have a "worst restaurant poll" guarantee this will come up! Shut harbor palace down!!!
It was an ok price for the food. The food has a good taste. I ordered the Chicken Wings and it was soooo gooooooood. If you check in you get a free egg roll. I gave this place a 4 star because they gave me a veggie egg roll.
Walked in on a Wednesday, and there wasn't a wait. I can see why. The carts took FOREVER to come around. The "servers" were MIA. Asked for a soda, and it took about 20 minutes to come. The food here is blehhh. The service is nonexistent.... The people rolling the carts, rolled right passed us and didn't even ask if we wanted anything! RIDICULOUS!!!! Probably will never come here again. Sticking to Cathay House!
Horrible service. Waitress didn't understand the order. Dirty. No paper towels in bathroom. They didn't wash their cups before they gave them to us. Had nasty residue on the bottom. Disgusting never coming here again.
Had dimsum here today, the usual siomai, hagao, spare ribs, chicken feet, sticky rice and veggie dimsum. All for $23.00 and we're very satisfied! Yum.
I love, LOVE dim sum and my family and I have been coming here for over 6 years for their dim sum. Honestly I haven't found a place that serves anything better than this place. I gave three stars because their service is mediocre. It's impossible to ever get any ones attention and good luck with sitting the corner of the restaurant-- you'll have to holler at the cart ladies to even come your way.
The service was aweful. Staff seemed to be passed off at life. The food was not that great.
very nasty food and service,,, house fried rice taste like poh poh and fish entree is a no no...overall a nasty place and oh receipt is all in chinese and has no breakdown.....
Nothing says "I'm thankful for American independence" like 1AM dim sum on the 4th of July! This place is regularly open til 5AM, which further begs the question: how I have I not been here before?!

Late night dim sum menu is about 15 items, we sampled quite a few.
Steamed pork buns were solid, pork shumai were tasty, shrimp balls were fresh, beef tripe was not my bag, and the noodle in the spare rib rolled noodle dish had an odd flowery aftertaste. 

Overall, flavors were solid and pricing was fair. Service was nonexistent despite 4 employees walking around. Orchid Garden is my usual go-to spot for gut-busting amounts of dim sum, and it sort of works in Harbor Palace's favor that they have a limited menu: I can come by more often without completely throwing my health goals out the window!
As far as Chinese buffets go, this is one of the best.  However, the downside to that is the price - you'll be paying about $14 per person (plus the cost of sodas if you want them).  If this was $5 cheaper, I would've given them 4 stars.  Regardless, it's a fun place to go to.

One of my favorite things about this place is that they just have an enormous selection of different foods.  They have lots of the standard Chinese buffet foods you would expect, but they also have sushi, a few different kinds of buns and dumplings, and then just random things that I would assume are fairly authentic.  I've had pig ears, chicken feet, and jellyfish here, so if you want to try something new or disturb your squeamish friends, you have a lot of opportunity for that.  Last time I went they didn't have any jellyfish out which was disappointing because honestly, jellyfish is pretty delicious.  If they have it while you're there, try it out.

There are generally a LOT of Asian people at Phoenix Palace Buffet, which to me seems like a good sign that this is at least semi-authentic.  Also, they have a gigantic space in their building and have way, way too much seating, so you shouldn't have to worry about trying to find enough chairs and tables for a large group.

One last thing - don't forget to try the lotus seed paste buns.  They're a semi-sweet dessert bun and they're awesome.
As far as chinese buffets go this is definitely not anywhere near good. Sorry couldn't refrain from taking a dig at the previous reviewer.  What I heard was that this was once a decent place to visit. However it has gone downhill in the past year. The array of dishes are impressive I concede, but each individual item is horrible. I tried to sample as much as possible before coming to this judgment but alas that is how it stands. The only thing I found slightly decent was the shui mai (pork dumplings). I liked the Lotus seed bun as well( due to my ignorance) but my asian colleague informed me that it was blech... and better ones could be obtained at Lee Lee's market across the street (lee lee's is another review though). 

Was feelling a bit ill at the end of the sampling frenzy (as I always do with these types of buffet). In short most of the food was old a simple test being if all the seafood smell off and the steamed dumplings have their wax  paper stuck to them.
Visited for dinner a long, long time ago, based on a positive review by a Thai coworker.  

Selections were either bland, fried, or very salty.  Sushi left me wishing I was dining at Ra in Ahwatukee (and I don't even like Ra!).  

I think the only thing I enjoyed was the ice cream section- mung bean I remember, but there were other flavors.  Maybe I didn't enjoy it so much.  

To top it off, $14 per person for dinner that wasn't even worth $10?!?  Do yourself a favor and have a feast during happy hour at Ra!
Once one of my colleagues learned that I had never tried Dim Sum, they immediately dragged me to this place for lunch.  While it is a buffet, I was informed that they block up a part of the seating for Dim Sum at lunchtime.

Well it turns out that Dim Sum (for those of you who don't know, such as myself) is best experienced in a group, and they have servers bring out carts with plates of different items and ask if you want some.  Whether it be sticky pork bbq rolls (Very good) or some sort of beef rice noodle, there is about 4 portions per plate.  They set them on the table and everyone dug in.

Now I'm not the most picky eater, in fact I like to think of myself as somewhat adventurous, but when my colleague asked for the chicken feet I was somewhat taken aback.  Almost felt like a "survivor" competition... but I just couldn't get myself to eat it.  Those who did claimed it was really good... so I let them finish them off.

Everyone I was with really loved the food, and I really liked what I did try, so I'm going to give this place 5 stars for its authenticity and food.  I would comment on the price, but I didn't pay, so I'm not too sure on that end. 

There seems to be a lot of different options of this place, but I can only tell what I experienced.  They do have a large "under new management" banner out front, so maybe that explains the bad reviews in the past.
*Review for dim sum only

Phoenix Palace is part buffet, part a la carte dim sum, and part take-out Chinese BBQ . It's huge! The space could easily contain the Hindenburg, with a few smaller airships tucked away in reserve. 

I had dim sum here with a Hong Kong native, but I didn't need her vast experience and knowledge to reach a decision: not very good.

You know what? This review is boring. Please pretend this list is a word cloud and draw your own conclusions:
--congealed
--lukewarm
--imitation krab
--sticky paper
--bland
--forgettable
--dry
--chewy
--empty
--easy listening tunes, including "Feelings"
Read a few months ago in the Chinese papers that PPB is under new management and acquired a new award-winning dimsum chef, so decided to give it a shot before some major shopping at Lee Lee.  Didn't hurt that they were promoting all sizes of dimsum at one price : $2.25.

I'm ready to give them the benefit of the doubt that weekdays is not optimal for their dimsum.  One cart sits in the corner steaming the same dimsum all through lunch service while another holds room temperature fried items.  This is because only three tables out of over a hundred (most of which are empty) are ordering dimsum - the rest are eating from the buffet, where I found only two items possibly worth eating.

The best one was the Chiu Chow dumpling stuffed with moist flavorful pork, veg and peanuts.  The shrimp dumpling wrapper suffered from sitting in the steamer too long.  The beef ribs (their take on the usual spare ribs) were quite tasty and probably not as sensitive to over steaming.

I'd be wiling to give them another try on a weekend.  Dimsum needs flow.  They should just make it to order like China Chan on the West side on weekdays and carts only on weekends.
Dimsum today was unexpectedly good. Tried it on a weekday a few months ago and it was so-so but I could tell there was potential. Selection on weekends is way better than the weekday. They had my one of my favorites: steamed brown sugar cake ("Ma Lai Go") which I have not seen done right in a long time, even in Hong Kong. Color was a perfect brown and it was beautifully soft and spongey (it looks like a sponge too) and the flavor was not artificial like I've had so often.

I was almost as excited to see a pan-frying cart meaning a cart with hotplate where they pan-fry stuff like radish cake, chive dumplings and rice noodles to order.  Haven't seen that since Hong Kong and LA. This is huge as my major pet peeve with other places is that food gets cold as it makes the rounds on the cart.  The chive shrimp dumplings were wonderfully chivey and crispy on the outside while soft & moist inside.

Then the baked cart came around with buns I've never seen before. They let us mix and match any 3 so we picked a taro bun, "snow" bun with a milky filling and delicate crunchy white top, and a pineapple bun (pineapple refers to the appearance only) with custard filling. The snow bun is new to me and was absolutely delicious.

They're promoting all dimsum items that fall under category A, B or C for $2.25 each (B & C usually cost $3 or more). This place is under new management and hired a new award-winning dimsum chef according to the Chinese papers. The quality shows and I love the selection. Definitely will be back on a weekend!
When I hear the words dim sum my ears perk up much like a dog when he hears someone approaching. Then a certain caution sweeps over me since so many dim sum places around the valley don't even come close to those found in other cities like Los Angeles and San Francisco. So when a friend of mine and local ice cream guru, Helen Yung from Sweet Republic, told me about a new dim sum joint that reminded her of Hong Kong, I was elated to try it as soon as possible.

Phoenix Palace is quickly becoming a jack of all trades sort of restaurant. During the week they have seafood and Chinese buffets, a full menu with free delivery, and on the weekends rolling cart dim sum as well as a take out BBQ section. While carts only roll on the weekends, dim sum can be ordered any day of the week off of a smaller menu. We came just for the weekend cart dim sum, the BBQ section in the front of the restaurant looked amazing. In the window wrapped onto stainless steels hooks were selections of whole roasted duck, pork spare ribs and roasted chicken. I haven't seen a display like this one since being in Chinatown in San Francisco a few months back, very impressive. Come early or call ahead if you want to enjoy a roast duck to-go, when we left the display was pretty much wiped out.

Walking into the Phoenix Palace you'll immediately notice that you're not in Kansas anymore, the clientele is mostly Asian who have very discerning palates. You know you're in the right place when the target market is ethnic and not American. No worries about communication break down, the staff speaks English, even if it is a little broken. Though all you really need are your senses to guide you through the dim sum experience. After being sat, the carts will start rolling by your table to peddle their vast variety of dumplings. Each cart person will open a steam basket for you to take a look inside and along with a brief explanation, usually consisting of only one word, they stamp your tally card and move on. The carts don't come in any sort of order so just have fun and order away. If something looks even remotely good go ahead, it's really inexpensive.

One of the main difference between Phoenix Palace and the other dim sum restaurants, is the fact that not only do they offer 75+ different items, but here it's not only fresh but made in house. One of the carts that come about is a fry cart which at first seemed unusual. It's a stainless steel ride with a built in cook top where some items are crisped and heated table side which made perfect sense after one bite. In all of the places I've had dim sum, here and in other cities, I have never seen or heard of this before. Helen told me that she hadn't seen something like that since having dim sum in Hong Kong. If Helen is impressed, I'm blown away! We started with an order of Green Leek Gow ($3.15), with a translucent skin showing a silhouette of diced leeks and chopped shrimp, then crisped up on either side for a textural symphony. We also ordered the Pan Fried Pork Bun ($3.15) which had a slightly crisped edges filled with tender chopped pork, each bite was simply sublime. These were so good we ordered an additional plate of those chubby meat filled pillows.

The standards are done extremely well here, such as the Steamed BBQ Pork Bun ($2.15), as well as the baked version ($2.15) with its covering of sweet sticky glaze. If you've never experienced a BBQ Pork Bun in either incarnation, you really should. This is the all about savory, salty and sweet, dip in some chili paste for an added spicy dimension. Chinese Broccoli ($5.25) is slightly bitter, slightly sweet and has a crunchiness that pairs well with the softer noodle dishes like the Beef Rice Noodle Roll ($3.15). Long sheets of rice noodles are filled with sliced tender beef, rolled and then steamed. When delivered to your table, a lightly sweetened soy sauce is poured over the top. Shui Mai ($2.15) is as tender and flavorful as it was meant to be, porky and delicious.

Dessert dim sum is as much fun as its savory counterpart. Sesame Balls ($2.15) filled with sweetened red bean paste, surrounded by sticky rice, then rolled in sesame seeds and deep fried were pretty much a crowd pleaser. The Snow Bun ($2.15) was a new one that I've never seen or tasted before. A cloud of pure heaven filled with creamy custard, served warm, blew away any doughnut that's graced my lips. I also ordered a box of them to-go so they could be enjoyed again later. The tall and billowy Brown Sugar Rice Cake ($2.15) reminded me more of a yellow cake though was very good, hot and fresh out of the steam basket.

There aren't too many places where you can try so many different textures and flavor in one sitting. So it really is an experience to have dim sum with a close group of pals because food always seems to bring us just a little bit closer.
Hands down best dim sum in the Valley. I've taken different groups of friends here on EVERY Sunday in the past two months, skipping only Easter, and have eaten like it's my last meal on Earth every time. All of my friends including Alex loved it and agree that it's the best dim sum in town right now. It's totally worth it even with the long drive from North Scottsdale and ridiculous weekend highway closures. Looks like I might be there again next Sunday...
What a difference from the other location on Ray Rd...The place is rundown and the service was AWFUL.  

We were at the restaurant over the weekend for dinner.  The restaurant was less than half full with mostly Chinese people.  So we thought this could be promising.  When we sat down, the lady gave us the Chinese menu which is understandable...you know, b/c we are Asian.  But everything on the menu was just too authentic like duck's feet or pig's intestines and so we were just sitting there thinking...what should we do....Then we overheard the people sitting behind us ordering Orange Chicken, Kang Pao beef, etc.  When their waiter was about to pass us, we asked for the menu he was carrying and there you go, it was the English menu we are totally used to...whew.  

So we ordered the soup, friend rice, and seafood dish.  The wait for our food was around 40min or so...just sitting there waiting, starving.....In the mean time, the glowing fast food drive through menu was calling us from across the street through the window...that was not fun.  When we finally got our food, we asked for steamed rice....it NEVER came.  At that point, we were done.  We just sat there ate what was available and left.  

So why 3 stars? Because the food was pretty good.

*Food = everything was pretty good.  IF you are not used to the authentic Chinese food, be sure to ASK for the English menu or you will waste your time.
*Service = HORRIBLE.  If you are hungry and ready to eat dinner, go somewhere else
*Location = it is in the same complex as Lee Lee's Market so it is convenient I guess.
*Decor = horrid
I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  

The best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!

Seriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.

The review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.

For 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.

Great lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
Jim W had an interesting thread the other day "what do you miss?"
I don't miss many things about living in the bay, but getting my dim sum fix once a month or so is one of them.
I had my office on Market St. and I had a Yank Sing in the alley right behind my building...I could go for dim sum at lunch, let the dishes pile up and waddle back to my office for nice long afternoon nap:)
If I felt more ambitious, I could walk up to Chinatown to Delicious, New Fortune and Yong Kee for some of the most remarkable food this side of Hong Kong!
It was especially pleasant when we got 4-5 of us to go, and just sit and talk and eat for couple of hours...the art of dim sum:)
With that in mind, I headed out for the near reaches of Chandler this past Saturday.
Jim and Audrey W. organized a dim sum outing at the Phoenix Palace Buffet (I frankly didn't notice the buffet...I'm sure it was there and very good...I was just too busy pointing at bamboo steamers and bowls and plates and saying "give me that one please":)
Jim organized the outing after fellow Yelper Helen Y had noted that this place had changed ownership, chefs, etc., and is now quite good! (I now have 2 things to be grateful to Helen Y. for...helping us find good dim sum in greater Phoenix and allowing me to become a citizen of the Republic of Sweet:)
We were joined on our outing by Kevin H (in an interesting side note, Kevin got ROTD for...Phoenix Palace Buffet on the exact same day that we went for dim sum!!! What are the odds!?:), Marian H. and Dottsy Z. 
The Beautiful Carin wasn't able to make it...she had a little stomach bug and stayed in bed:( 
I was going to stay home and take care of her, but the lure of potentially good dim sum was too great!:)
Off I went with cheery wave and a lilting "feel better" hanging in the air as the door slammed before she changed her mind and asked me to stay around and nurse her back to health:) She's a strong girl...I knew she would pull through:)
Boy, am I glad I went!
The company and conversation were wonderful...everyone cheered me up about having to leave my better half at home (and as anyone who knows us will attest, Carin really is the better half...maybe the better 75%:)
It was a perfect dim sum afternoon! 
We talked, pointed at the carts, ate, talked and ate, talked and ate:) 
I think dim sum is as much about conversation and relaxation as about the food...but having said that, having great food really adds to both the conversation and relaxation factor of a great dim sum lunch...and the food was remarkable!
It was so good! 
There might be a couple of shops that top this place in SFO, but not by much...it's that good!
We had all the standards, shrimp rolls, pork buns, pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, sticky rice (outstanding sticky rice, BTW).
We had some of the non-standards, tripe, chive dumplings...all delicious and served up with smile!
The service was very good...there were always carts in close proximity, and if you saw something a few tables away and flagged a server down, they always made their way over to help you out:) drinks were refilled promptly, and the empty dishes were moved out to make room for new arrivals.
The biggest surprise came at the end of our lunch...the total for 6 of us was less than $70!!!
I used to spend more than that for dim sum lunch for 2 in SFO (and twice that much in HK)! Amazing!
Jim, thanks for organizing! It was a great lunch with a fun group!
It's great to know where to get my dim sum fix!
I have been here when it was still a buffet when they first opened. I wasn't too thrilled as it was like any other buffet. The only cool thing I thought was the ice cream selection. 

Well that was then this is now...

On a very hungry late evening a fellow yelper Clifford and I were gonna meet up for some Chinese food. We were headed to our favorite spot on the east side. When I got there it was 5 min from closing and Clifford was still 15 min away. After discussing some options I made it down to Dobson and Warner to find Phoenix Palace open till 10. After giving Clifford a ring we met up there and gave it a shot. 

Upon entering I noticed that the place was empty, but not common on a monday night and with all the other places in the area closing early the complex is usually dead by 9. The place no longer having any buffet tables and many of the awful decor gone it could be promising. 

Seeing that their menu had some of my favorite dishes I thought I give it a shot. So some Spicy Salt and Pepper Pork Chop, Salted Fish Fried Rice and Beef Stew Hotpot. 

Wow! Were we surprised with the food, especially this late at night. The pork chops were well seasoned to how they should be and very crispy on outside and juicy on the inside. The beef stew was wonderful, the meat was well cooked and the large pieces of the green onion was a great touch of flavor. The salted fish fried rice was not so great, it was very under seasoned and the portions for the fish and chicken were not a large as some places are with this dish. 

On my second visit I tried a different fried rice dish and same thing very under seasoned. It seems like that the chef has very strong dishes and some other dishes are not so strong. I have yet to try the dim sum but i'm sure this is going to be very good as well.
1/25/2009 -- Wrong, wrong, wrong! I have eaten here four or five times since then. Helen Y. says Phoenix Palace acquired a master dim sum chef -- who now brings a relentless attack of treats every weekend.

Love the pan-fry cart with chive dumplings and rice noodles. Also, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but the snow mountain buns are fantastic, custard-filled delights.  I think they might not be good for you. 

If you have a few hours to kill late on a Sunday morning, I can't imagine anything better than eating dim sum at PHX Palace with friends and family.
We shop at Lee Lees all the time (in the same shopping center), and we had eaten at Phoenix Palace back when it was a buffet, but it was only recently that we realized that they now serve dim sum everyday. 

So today we rushed over there to check it out. The wife, while born and raised in the Philippines, is of Chinese descent and grew up around this stuff. When you consider that, along with the fact that our first date was ten days together in Hong Kong (dim sum heaven), you can see that the bar is pretty high for us when it comes to dim sum. Now, we know we cannot expect Hong Kong or even San Francisco quality in Phoenix necessarily. Still, the food at Phoenix Palace was quite good overall. We were not disappointed. 

We had two types of shu mai, along with har gow, jellyfish, barbecue pork buns, sesame balls, pot stickers, and spring rolls. We missed the chicken feet, which is one of Carol's favorites, but we'll get to that next time. All was great, but the har gow especially stood out. It was a quite different flavor than what we have had at Golden Buddha, C-Fu or any of the other local places. Everything was yummy though. 

The service, on the other hand, was mixed. It started out nice, with a friendly greeting by the guy that seated us. But it went downhill from there. Its not that they were rude or unfriendly. It was more like benign neglect. The carts came around quickly enough, but once we had the food we did not see anyone again until it was time to settle the bill. No refills, in other words. That said, at least the glasses were large and we had a pot of hot tea, so it was not the end of the world. Another gripe--no chile oil. I  think I'll bring my own next time. Or maybe we just caught them on a bad day.

The food was a four or a five by local standards, while the service was a two or a three. Since I can't give 3.5 stars I'll go with four. It's really nice to see a growing number of decent dim sum restaurants in town. Hopefully this is a trend that will continue. 

By the way, they have a take out counter also, as well as a regular menu. We'll check that out sometime in the future and report back.
um... two lobsters with noodles for only $19, which is great!
This is really traditional Chinese Dim Sum. As a picky eater, this is our newest favorite Dim Sum place in the East Valley. 

This is also our official meetup place for people to learn Chinese table manners and learning Chinese Language. We meet every few weeks on Sunday. You can also take out the Dim Sum, which we usually do when there is crowd. This place used to be empty when they started few years ago. Now the word of mouth brought them so many customers. You will have to wait in you come after 11:30AM. A friend of mine come down there every week from fountain hills to meet with us. 

The staff is very nice and friendly. They also have a quiet room for reservation if you have party of 10 more. If you are shopping at Lee Lee supermarket, you don't want to miss this Dim Sum place.
Um.... their dim sum still maintain its quality. However, their regular dishes do not taste that good anymore. I heard that they changed the chef and that could explain why.

We stop going there for dinner because of that. Besides, I can get the better quality with lower price from China King, C Fu, Jade House, China Max and Jong Wah.

One note is that C Fu offer wider variety of live fish too, it is not only live Tilapia, but also live Sea Bass and another one which I forgot its name.
very typical dim sum. i don't know why it's still called a buffet though since they are no longer a buffet.
Does anybody know how to eat chicken feet?  This is my second time going to Phoenix Palace and everytime they offer me the chicken feet, I always decline. Not because of way they might taste, but i don't know what part of the foot to eat!  We'll i ask some of my coworkers who have tried it and filled me in on how to eat those suckers!
I love this place because they have a good amount of dim sum dishes you can try.  I usually go for the gai lan (chinese broccoli w/ oyster sauce) and the chow mein, which they give a very small portion.  But all things i have tried are great.  Other dim sum places are great but i tend to order alot of things that it's kinda pricey after picking too much stuff.  The reason i like this place is it's a little cheaper then the others places nearby.  And the staff a very friendly on letting you know what the dim sum varieties are.  Great Place!
Came here just once on a Saturday and it was busy.  Lucky though, we got there when they had just opened and since they have private rooms for large gatherings, it seemed like we had the whole place (or room) to ourselves.

We had several traditional Chinese dishes, but from the aromas and the crowds, I'm guessing the Dim Sum was really good.  The family style dish portions were good and the food was fresh and tasty.  However, I do wish they used just a little less sesame oil to cook the dishes, which were on the oily side.  Parking was okay, but the shopping center gets packed fast on the weekends.  Restrooms were very clean too (a plus at Asian restaurants).
I went here with a friend for lunch looking to try something different. We knew it would be a bit awkward for us gringos walking into a place that is geared towards Asians with foul hanging in the window.

To be seated we were asked if we were there for lunch or dim sum, we said lunch and were escorted to the cheap seats.

Upon viewing the menu, I realized there were virtually no vegetarian options. The only thing I saw was the fried tofu.  The included egg drop soup was not vegetarian either.  

When my meal finally came, it was not what I expected. It was basically nine battered and fried pieces of tofu with rice on the side. Despite looking quite good, the batter was devoid of any flavor, and the tofu was extremely soft which was not the ideal texture. 

This meal was not too cheap either and I left hungry. At least for lunch this is far from being on my list of places to go.

PS this is not a buffet despite the name
This is my new favorite place for Dim Sum in the valley.  We have dim sum at least once a month and have tried Great Wall, Golden Buddha, China King and C-Fu gourmet.  I believe that Phoenix Palace is the best of the bunch.

Here is why:
1.  Food quality:  Every dish was prepared perfectly.  Most were slightly above the other restaurants in term of taste.  There were exceptions (we like the shrimp stuffed eggplant best at C-Fu, and the chow mein better at Golden Buddha), but in general, this place was better.
2.  Cleanliness:  Not that other places are not clean, but this place was spotless
3.  Price:  We order almost the same thing at most dim sum restaurants as we have our favorite dishes.  We ordered more than usual here this morning to try some things (10 dishes total) and our bill was $25.78.  We usually average $33-$35 at the other places, and we brought quite a bit home
4.  Selection:  I have seen that the selection has decreased at the other places as their clientele diminishes.  For instance at Golden Buddha, one of the original dim sum places in the valley, you would wait at least 30 minutes if you did not get there before 11am.  Now it seems that the place is barely full, regardless of when you arrive.  As a result, the selection seems to have gone down.  At Phoenix Palace, we simply could not order everything.  When we left, there were still many things that we had still not tried.  We also had a few things that we had never had before (very surprising since we have dim sum so often)
5.  Location:  I live in the Ahwatukee area, so this is slightly closer than Golden Buddha, and far closer than Great Wall.
WOW!!...This was the first time I tried Dim Sum in Phx and i was really surprised to find something really good. 
The place looks small from the outside but its a good size dim sum place. The service was fast and good...they came around the carts frequently. We mostly had the shrimp stuff and it was EXCELLENT!
Great find and cheap...we both had a good amount until we were full and the bill came to $16!!!
My favorite dim sum in the East Valley... generally the best of the best rotates every other year... as chef's move or some new hot shot comes in from Cali or HK...  for the moment.. it's here!

Another cool part is that, though not as fresh by the time you take it to go, is you could order dim sum off the menu... or on the right as you enter, some of the dim sum is there ready for you to take home for an impromtu meal or snack.

Haven't done dinner here yet, sort of scared too in case the dishes don't live up to the spectucular yum of its dim sum!
Ok, not good or recommended if you are a vegetarian, but if you are not and like to share food...this is a nice place to come with friends and try different options from their dim sum!!! I don't remember even one name of the things I've tried, so yes...it was really useful to have a Chinese friend with us.
Terrific dim sum!  

It's your standard Monterey Park style Cantonese seafood joint and I mean that as the highest compliment. It's also very busy and thus, very fresh.

At peak dim sum times, it's usually full and the crowd is 95% Chinese.  Everything is fresh and authentic and also extremely cheap.  Not much more to say about - it's like any dim sum place in Southern California or Hong Kong.

The last time we were there, one of the chefs (who was Chinese and could only speak Cantonese, despite what the other reviewer seems to be implying) came by our table with a hot hotel tray full of sweet pastries just out of the oven.  They were superb.  

Highly recommended if you're in the area (next to the Chandler Lee Lee market).  If you're looking for Kung Pao chicken, this is not the place for you.

Hard for a couple to spend more than $25 here.
That's right I tried it again... I'm a sucker for torture. Reading all the reviews about the "Yummy in my tummy" Dim sums being served here I decided to be part of that action. It must have been a slow day (Thursday 12:30) but there weren't any fresh carts around and thus my First Round of traditional dump sum was a crashing failure (sticky skins with dimsums collapsing on touch)

The second round I decided to go with the non-skin offerings (bbq pork, chicken feet and beef tendon[with curry powder, blech!!]). Not very impressive, though the chicken feet was quite good, jalapeno in the marinating sauce !?. 

The redeeming dish was the desert tray which came out fresh and hot. The bean and pork buns were heavenly.

Will try this out with my Zong guo peng you tomorrow (3rd time better be the charm)
Third round
Was really really really busy on sunday for dim sum but still everything was sooooo good, expect the duck. If it wasn't for the duck I would have given the place 5 stars. I highly recommend the shrimp dumplings, noodles, and pork & corn dumplings. Great staff, friendly and reasonable price.
First things first ... contrary to its name, this place is not a Buffet, at least in the traditional sense. Also - Dim Sum Hours are limited, so check their website.

Three of us went to Phoenix Palace to celebrate a friend's birthday and enjoy a nice Dim Sum brunch. We were promptly greeted and seated at a nice table in the aisle (which is by the way prime seating - the carts were whizzing by offering all kinds of delectable things). I was happy to find that the vast majority of customers (90% or more) were Asian and heard quite a bit of Cantonese and Mandarin being spoken, so I know this place must be close to authentic to garner this kind of "street cred" among the Asian crowd. By noon, the place was almost chock full. So point of advice, get there by 11 AM to get a good table and avoid a wait.

 The Dim Sum on offer was overall very good, very tasty. The skin items (dumplings) were very good, and the pork buns were also very good (though a little bit more pork might have been a bit better). Overall the portion sizes were decent (three of most things, four of other things), and I could conceivably see one filling up here for under $10 easily, but we had a birthday to celebrate after all. The only thing that was under par was the rice noodle shrimp, which is basically a giant rice noodle wrapped around shrimp then steamed, it was just a tad over steamed. I had a nice rice congee with Chao Quay (fried bread), which reminded me of Indonesia (we called it Chakwe there - almost the same thing) ... oh the memories... but I digress. 

Service was prompt, efficient, and the quality was good. Staff were responsive to our questions about what things were and what they had. Also I didn't see the congee cart and asked the waitress if they had congee, she said yes and asked me what kind I wanted, and she ran over to the cart and got me my congee. Excellent service. The price was very good ... we had a total of 14 dishes between the three of us, plus tea service for me, and iced tea for one, and water for the other. The total bill was about $40 for three people, which I have to say is less than the tab for the three of us at other brunch locales downtown (though to be fair, it was quite a lot of food). 

Overall, a great place for the Dim Sum neophyte. Though perhaps not the caliber of places in San Francisco or even the mecca of Dim Sum (Hong Kong), this is certainly one of the better places in the valley for Dim Sum. 

Positives:  A good example of traditional Dim Sum (if not a perfect one),
                 Good food, great place for groups. Good service. The place 
                 is also VERY clean. 

Negatives:  For me this is a positive, but a due warning to Westerners with ideas of being "culturally superior" or otherwise demanding tourists:  Goinghere is akin to a mini trip to Hong Kong or even China. Be aware that eating Dim Sum is not just a different culinary experience, but also is about participating in a different culture and pace of life. Have an open mind, and above all BE PATIENT. So if you don't see the carts (or the cart you want) coming by for a few of minutes, chill out, enjoy your tea or other beverage, and relax. If you can't handle this, go to a Chinese Buffet. 

Oh yes, and before I forget, GRADES:

Overall:   A- (no other demerits taken other than mentioned below)

Service:  A-  (The only major demerit on service was that the English 
                       spoken by some of the cart pushers was not intelligible
                       however this is excusable as this is a Chinese place - 
                       the "specials" board was completely in Chinese)

Food:   A-  (A good example of traditional Dim Sum. Some demerits 
                   include over steamed Shrimp rice noodle [some firmness
                   is better], the Har Gao (shrimp dumplings) were good, 
                   but on the verge of being over-steamed)

Drinks:  No Grade (we did not consume any alcoholic beverages, so no grade is given in this category - though I have to say my Oolong tea was delicious).
Good dim sum - and the prepared dishes looked excellent, too, but I only had the dim sum.  4 1/2 stars rounded up to 5 because they gave me a free sesame bun!  I'd like that special board translated into English...
So my wife and I, and her brother and SIL, went for dim sum this past Saturday.  We went due to the good reviews on Yelp and also the fact that both C-Fu and China restaurant in Chandler are going downhill really fast.  I would say that the dim sum was pretty good and that is why I gave it four stars.  The pricing for most of the dim sum choices are also pretty good.  They have a wide variety of dishes and all kinds of sweets, meats, stews, etc. etc.  Another thing we like is that you can order a combo of three different dim sum treats if they are the same price since a single order is for three thingies anyway.  This makes it very easy to try some things that you might not have seen or tried before.  Again, the food is pretty darn good.  

Now a couple of criticisms -- the tables need Lazy Susan's on them.  We ordered so many dishes that you just cannot reach across the table to try all the things.  The other criticism is that the meats that are cut and served at the dim sum tables is priced outrageously from how they are priced at the BBQ counter.  For instance, you can get a whole roast duck for $16.50 at the BBQ counter, but at the tables about a quarter of a duck will run you $7.00, which equates to $28.00 for a whole duck.  Same thing for the roast pork.  At the BBQ counter, a pound of roast pork will cost you $8.95, but at the table, about 6 oz. will run $7.00 which equates to about $18 per pound.  I realize that the table service should be a little more, but not that high!  And on top of all that, you cannot go buy a pound of roast pork at the BBQ counter and bring it in to the table and eat it with your other dim sum choices.
First time I've ever been introduced to Dim sum via some foodie friends.   
The name is deceiving as it's not a buffet, they wheel around carts with tons of food variants on them and you choose what you want off the cart - they write on your ticket... you eat... good deal.

So I don't know half of the stuff I ate but it was all good with the exception of some pork balls I had a slight issue with the texture... I'm a white guy from the midwest, never had this stuff before, give me a break lol.

I do, however remember the Snow Mountain Rolls I believe they were called?  Sugary pastry with a very good creme filling... kind of like a creme-filled doughnut but not :/  Super good tho.

Dumplings... they were awesome, and also a safe bet if you don't know what to get.  I'd go back but only with foodie friends that help me decide what to eat :)

Also... a table of 5 ate for like 50 bucks... that surprised me greatly with the amount of food we had on the table... to the point there wasn't any room left!
i'm a creature of habit.  if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  if you found a gem, stop looking for a replacement gem.

we're talking China King.  we thought we found mecca.

1 mile from home

decent prices

tastes great

standing room only with a lotta jet black haired people lined up

a happy place

our sunday morning after church go to

we had tried phoenix palace dim sum when it 1st opened (everything for $2.25, even the normally $3 and up stuff?)  how bad can it be?

we left the place saying, "what was that we just ate"

not bad, just not memorable

back to our happy place (china king)

then through the chinese-restaurant gossip vine, we hear that it's under new management and it's the place to be.

we reluctantly meet our family there with low expectations ready to go home afterwards to eat something else to take up the slack

much to our surprise, this place has changed.

the prices are comparable, the place is 95% full, and we were wondering where the standing room only crowd that we use to try and beat at 10:30 at china king were ending up at.

they're here.

with us.

from now on.

dare i try the place on the southwest corner of dobson and warner

no way jose

wild horses couldn't drag me there

the new happy place

you should try it

it will be your new happy place

it's late, i'll stop now
so we order 7 dishes

go ahead, take a guess what that adds up to before taxes?

WRONG!  

can you say $15.75? divide that by 7 and you get $2.15 per

it's a flat rate (none of the multi-tiered pyramid ramp up pricing)

the stuff that we usually order that falls into the 2nd and 3rd tier pricing structure was all $2.15!

this is a sign of the times ladies and gentlemen

if you wanna pay more  and impress your inlaws and friends, go and eat at the other places
I love dim sum.

This place has all the regular stuff plus their own creations.  All of the items we tried were great.

It's a delicious and inexpensive place to enjoy a weekend meal with friends.

My favorite dish is the chicken feet!
A really nice Chinese restaurant in Arizona :) It was recommended by people in my Chinese church, and it makes me feel like home (Hong Kong) every time I go there (the food, the music, the people...)!! :D 

I personally think that the dim sum is better than C-fu and China King (but dinner in China King isn't bad :p, just that I think the dim sum's better here). Me, my family and my church friends frequent this restaurant ever since. :)

Haven't tried eating dinner here though, but will try that probably tomorrow night with family! :p
Update 11/13/10  I've had various regular dishes here now in addition to the dim sum.  Very good place.  Mostly Chinese clientle.  The English amongst some of the servers is weak, and the special board is written in Chinese only, but the menu is printed Chinese/English side by side, which is the way it should be, as opposed to many Chinese restaurants with their special Chinese menu with the good stuff on it, and the English menu with the fried rice and crab puff junk.

July 1, 2011 note:  I haven't been here lately, but I've gotten some reports that it's not as good as it was.  That may be reflected in the newer Yelp reviews.
Tried this place for the first time last weekend.  The food was good, plentiful and relatively cheap.  I really like their sticky rice and steamed ginger tripe.  The roast duck was also tasty.
I must say this is the best Dim Sum that I have ever have in my life and the best service at a Chinese restaurant I think I will ever get. The setup is typical as any other Chinese Dim Sum place but everyone from the hostess to waiter to busboy is friendly as can be.  

Everything is delicious and super fresh from chicken feet(urgh.....but according to my BFF Cathy it's great) to home made egg custard tart(best thing I have ever put into my mouth). 

Must try:
Ginger Tripe
Egg custard tart
Chicken feet
Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce( perfectly cooked both at the stalk and leaves with the right amount of oyster sauce....who could imagine veggie could be so good)
Sticky rice
Taro balls


Your tummy and taste bud would thank you.

Enjoy :)
My wife and I come here a lot, I grew up eating sunday dim sum in the valley, and being chinese, i didnt really have a choice back then! lol..  They have a lot of the traditional dishes you see at all of the other dim sum restaurants in arizona, and more!! my favorite is jia leung (sp) breakfast donut wrapped in rice noodle with a sweet soy dressing and scallions..  SO  GOOD!!
This is not a buffet.

I went in on a Tuesday 7 PM. The place was dead.

I got the hot and sour soup which was pretty good.
5.95. Pretty good portion. Split between 3 people.

XO sauce spicy fried rice...
NOT spicy at all. Very bland.
Probably won't get that again.

Assorted veggies plate with rice...
it was okay.
Wasn't the best I ever had but not bad either.

Service was kind of slow, as it took a while to get seated when there was nobody else in the restaurant,
and longer than I would like for them to take my order.

You have to ask for ice waters if you want it otherwise they won't give it to you.
You only get tea :p

They pour your tea for you and serve your soup for you which is kind of nice.

But the food... nothing too special to drive a long way for.

Overall, I don't think I will go again, but I guess its a good place to get to go stuff if you're into that.

I also noticed they do dim sum till 3 PM.
Great dim sum. Long wait, so come early, especially over the weekend. Can be confusing at first but don't worry, you'll get the hang of it. Good food but probably won't be back.....
We eat here at least twice a month.

There are two things that set this place apart from most other dim sum restaurants in America, never mind just in Phoenix.

1. A chef who loves to bake.  The head chef, Sam, is constantly baking up really delicious specials.  These are typically sweets/desserts and they are awesome.  He will come out to the tables on a busy weekend with a hot baking sheet full of pastries.  If he offers, by all means, take some!

2. Extremely accommodating service.  We take all of of friends there and that includes some very picky eaters, as well as kids.  I've never seen any restaurant go to such lengths to make sure everybody is happy, including making all kinds of off-menu items to satisfy the pickiest eaters.

Bottom line, it rocks!
We were visiting friends in Scottsdale and they brought us to eat here - twice.  We had a great dinner here on new years eve with my favorites - hot and sour soup and peking duck (among other things).  They had a huge private party going on, but pretty much gave us a private room with karaoke and served us pretty quickly. Despite getting here late, we still made it out of here in time to celebrate on our own.  We then returned for dim sum and were not disappointed. We had to wait a bit because we arrived late, but it was worth it.  The food was fresh and hot - and they had these desserts (snowballs or something) that we haven't found anywhere else. Our friends come here every weekend - and they are the ultimate foodies - so we were not disappointed.
This is a decent dim sum for the moment. The siu mai is my favorite, hot and fresh! Char Siu Bao is good too. Not dry and over steamed.

The hargow was a little funky. The wrapper was a bit too thick and chewy, giant chunks of shrimp, but not too much flavor.  Same with the sticky rice, it had a funny aftertaste....too much lap cheong (chinese sausage) 

This place is not a buffet.  It used to be one before and I think they just kept the name.  Get there early, (before noon) if you want to have more selection and fresher dim sum!
I don't believe this restaurant has a buffet for dinner any longer. Tucked into the most Asian intersection in Phoenix, Phoenix Palace is a gigantic open space of a dining room and looks like a very authentic place. There are always tables of Chinese men drinking coffee and catching up on weekend nights. On Friday and Saturday nights, you'll be able to catch Chinese karaoke night from about 10PM on. 

They serve fantastic food. Nothing here (at least on the menu they give us whiteys) is really out of the norm from your normal Chinese place. They have a couple of dishes I'm not accustom to, but mostly is the familiar Kung Pao, Beef & Broccoli, Hot and Sour Soup, etc.

The food here was delicious, service was perfect, and the atmosphere was truly one of a kind for Phoenix. If you'd have asked me a month ago where you could go for Chinese karaoke, I'd have said San Francisco, Los Angeles, or New York City. Well, now I know, and my life is complete. 

I wouldn't hesitate to go back here for more meals. The food is incredbly tasty and fresh.
beware of the hidden  65 cent surcharge per person for tea even if you don't drink tea?  really.

The crazy thing is, i'm sure no one even notices the extra cost because who checks the bill?

When I mentioned it to the cashier, she was stuttering and stammering and started to back pedal and said  "oh, is this your 1st time?  we can remove it from the bill"

I said forget it, keep it.

i usually tip 20-30% but i'll just let them keep their meager 65 per charge.

  yeah, really worth losing a customer for?

my 4 year old daughter even gets the gratuitus tea party charge and she only drinks water.

gone are the $2.15 per item flat rate (can you say bait and switch?)

$2.35 PER so now they're no different from the rest of the dim sum places.

as sneaky as C-FOO trying to strong arm the 15% gratuity (which failed miserably and lost us and about 100 of our friends as customers)

so in a down economy, you're supposed to raise your prices and sneak in stealthy surcharges?

it's the chinese way i guess

back to china king for us.  sorry china king for being disloyal with having a brief and sordid affair with the palace.

will you forgive us? haha
Weekends here are very busy, but there is good reason why!  We got here around 12:45, and while there were a lot of people waiting for tables around the entrance, it took ~15-20 minutes for our number to be called for a party of 4.  Once you are there, carts come by fairly often, so you are not waiting too long for the next dim sum items.  They have the standard items such as shu mai, har gow, chicken feet, taro and turnip cake, bbq pork bao, as well as a few rarer items such as breaded seafood roll (very good btw), and beef tendon.  I was disappointed that they didn't have my favorite sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf, but after eating so much food it didn't really matter too much to me.  They also had some jook/congee (egg and pork or dry scallop).  We tried the scallop congee and it was just OK, not a lot of flavor in the broth.  Each item is a little over $2 unless you get a specialty item such as some sort of veggie plate (we had a plate of marinated green beans) which will be $5 and up.  Generally, the quality of the food is very good, and you will leave very full with not too much of an empty wallet.
I really want to give NO STAR. This is absolutely the worst restaurant ever. No service. Had to get my own water jug to pour my own water.  and the food is absolutely horrible. i wouldn't call it chinese food. i wouldn't even call it asian food. It's edible. that all i can say.  It's a restaurant to fool white people who never had real chinese cuisine.  It's lucky its in AZ, because if this food court were in CA, it would never survive.  NO chinese ppl with a decent palate will ever walk into this imitation panda express which is worse than panda express.  i feel sorry for AZ residents where good cuisine is really lacking.
I was just there this morning.  And again about two weeks ago.  I think the food is still pretty good and they changed their stupid pricing policy about not being able to buy BBQ at the deli and then sitting down and ordering some other dishes and eating some BBQ that we just bought.  But my gripe this morning is the crappy customer service.  I hate to generalize, but many Chinese restaurants have crappy attitudes about customers and feel that they are doing the customers a favor by taking our money and patronage.  I was there at 10 am the opening time to buy some BBQ.  I waited until 10:10 before they opened the doors, although the people saw me standing there.  And when I walked in, it took them another five minutes to grumpily ask me what I wanted.  Again, hate to generalize by many Chinese and Korean restaurants are like this.  Why is that?  Must be the heritage or something.
Absolutely terrible. Had 2 meals delivered, this was horrible. Both dishes. They should be paying me.  I ordered delivery and due to the minumum was required to spend a certain dollar amount, no problem, ordered two entrees, figured I'd have the other the next day.  The food delivered was as if it had been sitting in a bin for many hours as everything came dried out, cold and no flavor.  the sweet and sour shrimp didn't even have the sweet and sour sauce.  they gave these little to go packets of hot sauce and duck sauce.  First and last time I eat from this place.  I can't find away to take away the one star I've given this place.  Oh well
Hello awesome! Love this restaurant - their dim sum is delicioussss! They've got great selections, and I love being able to head over to their bakery area and snag a couple bun things to go. Service is not so great - but seriously - what do you expect, it's really not unusual for this sort of setup. I would give it 5 stars except that I hate their char-siapao - the bbq bun - this is one of my faves, since I was a little kid and theirs taste blech. I go here often, and stuff my face - awesome food for an awesome price.
I am not partial to Chinese food.  I will never eat it alone or if the dining option is left for me to decide.  Chinese cuisine is something I find mediocre in general.  That said a 3 star rating from me should be viewed as impressive as I'll always be a tough customer when it comes to Chinese food.

Beef lo mein was my dish of choice.  The noodles were good and it was served with ample cuts of beef.  I was impressed that the noodles weren't as veggie heavy as I've had at other places.  Typically it does not take very long before I'm picking over vegetation in search of noodles and/or meat.

My friend ordered squid with ginger and he was very impressed.  He lived with a Chinese woman for 2 years so he knows a thing or two about Chinese food.  He liked Phoenix Palace a lot.

The complimentary tea was good and a nice touch to the meal. 

Oddly enough this is the only Chinese restaurant I have visited and not received a fortune cookie at the end of the meal.
Being from Orange County, I grew up eating at some really great Dim Sum places. Though this place doesn't quite have the variety and the atmosphere of other places I've been to, the food is pretty good. Being from Phoenix, it's a bit of a drive to come out here to eat, however, it's conveniently located in an shopping center with Lee Lee's (Asian grocery) and a Boba tea place. There's also a Pho restaurant in the same lot, though I've never tried it.
Not only surprised to even find Dim Sum in Phoenix but to find good Dim Sum was a great find!!!
Dim sum was ok...hot tea cup is there for each plate...they will charge u all even if one person drinks!
Not a buffet, but really good restaurant overall. Definitely not a "five-star" establishment in the traditional sense, but if you want good Chinese food at good prices with a true Chinese restaurant feel, this is a good place.
After dim summing at the Chinese Cultural Complex and the Great Wall in Phoenix, I feel confident declaring this the Valley winner for Dim Sum. I've been here a number of times over the years and have had a delicious experience each time. The key is to get there before 11:00AM so you don't have a long wait. Any time after 11:15AM pretty much guarantees the place will be packed to the brim.  Also, they run out of snowballs after 11:00AM and that is pretty much the most awesome pastry ever. PPB has loads of carts roaming around so you are never without food, and the prices are great. Obviously the bigger your party the lower your bill will be, no matter how much more you order. It's dim sum insanity! 

Seriously, who can eat 'regular' chinese food again after a healthy dose of steamed dumplings, soups, chicken feet and light fluffy pastries? 

Do yourself a favor and make the drive to Phoenix Palace Buffet!
In Mesa/Gilbert/Chandler area, this place is as good as it gets for dimsum. Coming from southern CA with delicious dimsum, I would say the choices here are decent, the table arrangements are pretty comfortable, and the setting is friendly and full of families. It's a great place for an outing or a casual event and just sipping tea (we ordered the Chrysanthemum Tea with flowers).

Actually, the best thing about this restaurant is the price. It's affordable. I came with 6 people total and we ate our hearts out. The price came out to be no more than $11 including tip per person. 

Only tidbit is I enjoy flavored food, and the food here is a little more bland than I prefer. Request some yellow mustard and chili spices to dip your dishes in and flavor up your food!
Yesterday 07-09-11 I had my first dim sum. It was ok. Too many bread items. The girl with the fried chicken and egg rolls, etc walked so fast I couldn't get her attention. I left their without eating any meat. Not by choice. I would go back and eat off the regular menu. Plus, I was the only one out of 200 that wasn't Asian. That has to tell you something about the food.
I don't know why I haven't written a review of this place yet.  Been there at least 5 times; well I do enjoy dim sum; and really enjoy Phoenix Palace.  The moon cakes; are wonderful pastries that I always have to get when I'm there.  The only draw back is the "waiting" area; it's not very large and just like Great Wall; it can get very crowded very fast.  I'm definately a fan!!!
07/20/11

2.75 stars.

Was shopping for tamarind candy and pan de sal at Lee Lee's, whiling away time before I was to meet an aunt at Mekong Plaza to dine at one (or two) of the food kiosks there, when I received a text from her saying she'd been in an accident.  Dropping everything, I met her at the scene.  An hour and a half later (she's not hurt, and the other driver was ticketed), I was starving for nourishment and aunt was not, so we headed back to the Lee Lee plaza to wait for her ride.  I was craving for noodles and was heading to Pho Van, when we walked by Phoenix Palace and decided I'd give it another try, as aunt gave it a green light, and I remembered from reading "recent" reviews that it was under "new"  management.  (Last time I visited was two years ago.)

A child host greeted and sat us at a booth.  (OK, she's Asian, so she probably was 13 years old... I know how it is... when I was 18, people thought I was 12, and now I'm... well, let's just get back to the review, shall we?)  We both ordered water, and I studied the menu.  After about ten minutes, the server that kept walking by our table finally approached to ask if I we were ready to order.  I asked if the BBQ pork lo mein came w/ vegetables.  He said that the chow mein had mushrooms, but the lo mein would not have any veggies.  "No veggies?," I asked.  Can you add some?  He said, after some thought, "bok choy," and I said yes.  I also asked if broccoli and snow peas can be added.  He said OK.  "No celery, or carrots, OK?"  He nodded yes.  I also ordered a batch of crab puffs.

The crab puffs arrived 15 minutes later, all golden-brown and smelled wonderful.  I liked the crunch of the fresh-from-the-fryer wonton wraps, but found that the sweetened cream cheese and crab filling too sweet.  I decided to eat a couple before the entree and save the rest for dessert.  (I found that I enjoyed the crab puffs more when I thought of it as a dessert, and not as an appetizer.)  The lo mein arrived four minutes after (19 minutes after time of order), looking delicious, but definitely cooked w/ carrots.  I didn't complain and let the matter drop.  I'd only expected bok choy, broccoli, and snow peas; Instead, I saw bok choy, carrots, cabbage, bean sprouts, spring onions, and garlic!  The exclusion of broccoli was A-OK- I hadn't really wanted it in there; I just didn't want "just bok choy."  The dish was very good!  Loved the sauce that it was sauteed in, though the BBQ pork was a little too fatty for my taste- I worked around it.  What I really didn't enjoy were the pieces of bitter bok choy.  Some were sweet, and after finding two bitter chunks, I thought I'd see if there was a reason why they were bitter.  A-ha!  Those that were bitter were bites close to bases of the stalks, which had particles that looked like dirt, while those that tasted sweet were cubed pieces, or stalks that didn't contain those dirt-like particles (see photos).  Needless to say, I felt less-enthused about the noodles after that.  Back to those crab puffs!

Server was unobtrusive, but could be found, if I needed him.  The woman who gave me the ticket and my fortune cookie was very sweet...  OK, Phoenix Palace.  One more strike in a few months, or maybe two years, and you're out!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=ygt_oEC7K_ukEGlFdMWpow
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=f7Ci-_b6cb0BZg3QgvZHYg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=PHZJQhzvrwBhmsxWV5aYDg
Best Dim Sum in the East Valley. Try to get there as early as 11AM for fresh and full cart of Dim Sum. If you go there late there won't be much left. I love baked bbq pork buns. Custard buns are great too, more custard than flours! Love it! Service can be slow on the weekends due to the big crowds.
still the best in AZ!  Tried an old spot that used to be good last week, definitely made me love this place even more..  Phoenix Palace, you are the KING!
Very efficient if at times pushy service which is not unusual for dimsum restaurants.  We were part of the first group in the restaurants so the carts hadnt ramped up.  What was surprising is that the first two carts driving one behind the other were packed with identical dishes.  It would have made sense if they travelled in different directions at least!

The basic food items like shumai, shrimp dumplings, pork ribs in black bean sauce were decent.  We also ordered a plate of chow fun which was good.  Decent dim sum, perhaps slightly more efficient than c-fu gourmet across the intersection.
First of all, if you are going to have dim sum, go early during the weekend because that is when the quality and freshness are best. Also go in a large group so that the bill is less for everyone. I have been here a few times on Sunday mornings around 10 am and never have to worry about waiting for a table. They have a decent selection of dim sum dished. My usual's are the "footballs", the Hau gau, and the taro cakes, all of which are decent. If you wait long enough, you might be able to get your hands on the coconut pastries called "snow balls" which are very enjoyable. In a hungry group of 4, you can expect to pay $20-25 total as a group and not want to eat anything for the next 6-12 hours.
My parents came into town and insisted on having Chinese food, but I told them that I didn't think there would be any authentic Chinese food in the middle of a desert. Well...

After stopping by the Lee Lee supermarket next door (uber Asian!) my parents and I wandered into this place, unsure of what it would hold... and lo and behold! Dim sum? Cantonese speaking servers? 

I was pleasantly surprised by how authentic this place was, with the push-around carts and the loud boss running around poking fun at his employees. Everything about this place made me feel like I was back home in NY eating in Chinatown... 

CONS: I got a little stomach ache from the 'lo mai gai' or rice wrapped in lotus leaf and unfortunately suffered from that for the rest of the day. I also think the seafood could have been fresher... Also, not too many choices but then again, if there's only a few authentic Chinese restaurants in the area, I won't complain if it's the run-of-the-mill dishes...

PROS: The 'dan tat' or egg tart is pretty good, though I do prefer my crust to be a little more moist.
Today was my very first visit on Friday after Thanksgiving at 11:40am. The place was full like a weekend. I thought the hagow and shrimp and scallop dumplings had very thick skins, so I discarded them and just ate the fillings. There were no sui mai for an hour and just the same 2 carts going around and around. The sui mai were okay, but lacked shrimp and tasted a bit bland. Finally, some ham shui gok's (fried footballs stuffed with meat) came along with some sesame balls. We ordered the fried footballs and they were stone cold! I told the cart lady and she just shrugged her shoulders, like saying what could she do? Finally some panfried turnip cake came around and it was also cold. The trays of baked goodies came around often and they all looked very good, but we are more fans of the savory, rather than sweet so we felt that the variety was lacking in that department. We never saw any bean curd meat rolls, or stuffed peppers in black bean sauce either?I would give this place another try, but right now I feel The China King had better tasting dim sum plus you can order the fried footballs and turnip cake off the menu and know it will be hot upon arrival. The service staff were also rushing around past our table and that was a bit distracting. Maybe they were not expecting such a large crowd for a Friday?
Loved this place.  My best friend recommended it, she comes here every Sunday for dim sum brunch.  Service was fast, the carts came by every so often and almost everything we had was delicious - sticky rice, shrimp balls, shu-mai, pork buns, spare ribs and roast duck!  And best of all?  We paid only over $25+  for so much food!  A must try!
This is one of the best dimsum I have had in the US.

The service was amazing. The food carts and bussers circle the dining room continuously and are there to drop off foodie pick up plates immediately. You can also ask for specific dishes if you need to. 

The food was excellent. They do not skimp on their items. All of the dimsum pieces were packed with meat and each dumpling was good for two large bites. The contents were juicy and flavorful. You can also choose from a few diffent flavors of hot tea, including oolong. A few of the dishes that were especially good were the stir fry noodles, Shanghai dumplings, and siu mai pork dumplings.

Lastly, I was amazed at the price. For two people with about six dishes and drinks, it was under $20. 

I definitely recommend Phoenix Palace Buffet for anyone looking for dimsum in the Phoenix area.
Ok, so this place isn't my favorite dim sum ever (reigning title goes to Yank Sing in San Francisco).  But when I get that craving for some delicious carb focused dim sum, Phoenix Palace is where I go.  It's the best we know of in the valley to feed our fix and definitely affordable.  bbq pork buns are my favorite :)  

So if you're looking for some good dim sum in the valley, head here, because you won't find better unless you head to SF or China.
This place has me seriously reconsidering where I live and contemplating a move to Chandler. This is where I find cultural hotspots like asian markets, boba cafes and finally....dim sum! The hubs and I tried dim sum in Central Phoenix at the Chinese Cultural Center - no bueno. We went once and never had an urge to go back.  We had almost given up hope in finding a decent dim sum place when we strolled upon Phoenix Palace Buffet. 

Dim Sum ends at 3pm and we stopped in at 2:30pm. They were still welcoming and stocked with fresh food choices. We tried their sticky rice, bbq pork buns, shrimp dumplings, rice noodles and taro cakes. One bite and we knew this place was legit. 

We are sooooo looking forward to when we can go there again. The only downside is that it's a good 30 minute drive to this area so we can't enjoy dim sum on a weekly basis like we used to in SoCal. Bummer.
I am only reviewing the Dim Sum.  Went there on a Saturday afternoon and man o man, it is packed to the gills!  Thank goodness we made a reservation for 18 and requested to seat in the main dinning room.  

The dim sum carts were flying all over the aisles.  Some carts will stop by to ask what you like and some fly by without getting you a chance to see what is available.  We had so many dishes, so I will only comments on the ones that I remember.

Pros:
Lai Bak Go (Taro Fried Cakes) - Warm, perfected fried on both sides, and tasty
Shu Mai (Dumplings) - Pretty large sizes, good taste, and warm
Char Sui Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns) - BBQ was flavorful and steamed perfectly
Pork and Preserved Egg Rice Soup - OMG, good!!!
Gar Lear (Fried Bread wrapped with flat rice noodles) - Crispy bread, soft noodles, and mixed with the perfect soy sauce mixture

Con:
Black bean with spare ribs - flavorless and oily
White Snow Buns - Deflated and undone

I need to come back!!!
Busy, tasty, and courteous staff for Dim Sum!

Dim sum is hard to come by in Phoenix.  Even more so good dim sum.  That's odd given the size of the Phoenix-Metro area and the asian/pacific islander population.  Phoenix Palace helps fill that hole in a shopping area that seems to be our version of Asian Town.

Food and experience are what you know if you've lived in China, only minus the grand hall.  Pastries, seaweed salad, duck, sui mai, noodle and rice dished, bok choi, and other servings were all yummers, cooked well, and with fast-paced fun.  Clean restaurant and it was fun watching the nine year-old hostess manage the surges of customers.

Staff was quick and accommodating.  As usual with dim sum, it can add up and become expensive if you get careless with taking too much.  Affordable if you don't go crazy.

We'll be back...
Great, every time. INCREDIBLY CHEAP!!!!

I always get the chicken feet, bao, and some steamed yellow pork thing.  ( I never remember the name).

Always the same quality, always sweet people that work there. I love it...

Actually... Now I want to eat there... Damn.
My default place to go for Dim-sum on weekend.  

The best dim-sum on the east valley.  China King is closed, but Phoenix Palace is a bit cleaner.

The take out counter is also great for getting a whole roasted duck/chicken and a few pastries.
I was amazed! being a native San Franciscan where dimsum is readily available.. I find this gem in Arizona?? The prices were ridiculously cheap, food was hot and tasty..... bean curd, siu mai, chow mein, shrimp dumpling, EVERYTHING TASTED GREAT.. (beef balls were a little gamy) quick service, wide array of food and the best part is when the bill came.. $27 bucks?? for a whole lunch for 2.... that sealed the deal. Staff was friendly and polite. I will be back! :)
Was there for brunch yesterday with my entire family and my son's family -- 8 of us total.  Had many of the dim sum dishes and some of the specialty things as well.  Also ordered an order of beef chow funn and deep fried tofu.  The deep fried tofu was very good and prepared well--you can argue that it is hard to screw up fried tofu but I have some at other places that were not very well prepared.

Overall, the dim sum we had was pretty good, but some things were slipping -- the black/bean spareribs (pai quat) was lacking in taste and the ribs were rather boney and lacking in meat.  The steam tripe was rather tasteless, and I never got my Chinese beef stew (naunam).  

The staff is friendly but most don't speak English so you have difficulty asking questions or ordering things that are not on the cart (where you can just point to what you want).  If you call over the manager or the owner, then those guys speak English so you can get your questions answered.

Their BBQ section has a nice variety of things, but their pricing is higher than other Chinese BBQ places and their products are mediocre at best.  For instance a whole roast duck is $18 here and the roast pork is $9.95 per pound.  Other places the average price for a roast duck is $16.50 and the roast pork is $8.50-$8.95 per pound.  And to top it all off, the taste is mediocre at best.  Same situation with the char siu.

But all-in-all, I cannot really complain much.  The dim sum is priced right even if their BBQ is pricey.  So I will be back when my wife or my family wants dim sum again.
It's not a buffet, just the regular dim sum carts. Not very bustling and had to wait around a bit for carts (not slow, just not back-to-back like it is at busier places) but I like their sticky rice and pineapple buns a lot. Everything else a tiny notch above C-Fu just because it's slightly less oily and the prices are lower. :)
It's the best Chinese food I can find in Phoenix area and I am a Chinese. This place is no longer a buffet restaurant. I love their services, very considerate and kind, feel like family. And the dishes taste authentic Cantonese style. If you like Dim Sum, it's so delicious and so cheap! Definitely you should try.
I was glad to find another dim-sum place in this area because the one we used to frequent of the same name (minus "Buffet") closed down on Ray and Dobson.   We walked in on a weekday afternoon for dim-sum lunch and were quickly seated.  The ladies were quick with stopping by with carts of little stainless-steel containers.  They popped the top off and would say what they were (of course she could've said "fried donkey ears" in Chinese and I would'n't have known the difference)... my friend and I tried maybe 4 or 5 little dim-sum plates plus noodles for my friend and the bill was... gasp... 12 dollars total - yeah, SUPER cheap! 

I don't know what good or bad dim-sum is, but I know that this was filling, flavorful, priced well and when I googled what I ate later that night, my pics looked the same as those online.  Note that there was definitely a language barrier, but be patient.. they offer good service and you're definitely being served by hard-working staff.  I would return for dim-sum again here.
Yikes we had my adopted father Mr. Eng funeral banquet here a year ago. 
Today it got 6 violations and a warning from the Health Dept to clean up or close down!  
Even then I thought the food was so-so. Many things were authntically presented but did not taste so well.

The service for a planned banquet was awful! My sister had to go head to head with the manager. We were waiting for tables upto 25 minutes and even then the tables were not grouped together. Their concern was making as much money as they could so they did not reserve any tables for the family/group!  Mind you we had a deposit down and planned menu!

I'm glad nobody that no one (I have heard from) got sick.
I have no interest in returning.
Only come here for Dim Sum for sit it.  Food was OK/good.  Should only come during weekends...not too many options come out during the week (don't blame them...not a consistent flow of customers).  The dim sum was good, but think it won't get better than this in AZ.  Had better in higher asian area/community (CA/WA).  Service is on the slower side, but wasn't expecting more from them.  Take out is not too much better, but convenient for busier days.  Person behind the counter don't seem like they want to work there...but who does.  Best place in east valley for Dim Sum, but only in AZ.
This review is just for the dim sum.

Frustratingly mixed experiences here, and when I consulted one of my true-blue Yelp buddies about this place, she said the same thing.  The first time that we came here, it was a Sunday around 1:30 - they were still doing a steady service of dim sum, but since they stop the carts around 3pm, the crowds had waned quite a bit.  We waited about 5 minutes for a table and were seated in the way back, which we didn't mind since it gave us space to chat and chill out.  We have a couple dim sum places back in my hometown of DC that I am out and out in love with, so I usually know exactly what I want when I go and judge most places by those standards.  Phoenix Palace made me pretty happy on that visit, serving just about all of the dishes that I crave - my husband and I plied our faces with as many dumplings from the steam cart as we could muster, roast pork with gorgeous crackling skin, the fried shrimp and chive dumplings that I seem to crave on a weekly basis, garlicky chinese broccoli and pliantly chewy baked pork buns, along with several other happy bites.  Although some of the dishes were lukewarm by the time they got to our table, we were still happy and chalked it up to coming to eat on the later side.  I'm sure that if we spoke Chinese, we may have been able to order the few things that we didn't see on the carts but had spied on their dim sum menu, but it wasn't a terribly big deal.  We definitely planned on returning.

Cue this weekend and I am jonesing for shu mai and har gow hardcore.  We make a trip to Phoenix Palace around noon on a Saturday and there is a crowd waiting in the front area.  No worries - the line at dim sum places usually moves quickly.  We see a mass of people waiting at the check in desk to get a number and the time seems to just tick by with no one coming to check anyone in.  Countless employees see no less than 20 of us waiting patiently and just walk away.  Finally, after 10 minutes of standing there, a Chinese couple flags down what seems to be a manager and he hollers at one of the girls to help out.  She briefly surveys the crowd and then walks off.  One of the few couples that already had a number and were waiting walks over to the take out desk to ask someone there for an estimate on when they'll be seated and are met with no response.  I gaze over at the folks pushing the carts around and they look haggard and a little depressed.  Although I really wanted to stay, I felt as though the universe was compelling me with all these signs of bad service to go eat elsewhere.  We bailed, but were bummed to do so.  I have mixed feelings as to whether we'll be back or not, given that we've had much worse service issues at many other places here in the Valley for a lot worse dim sum.
Just for a change of routine on a Sunday morning my family and I went with Phoenix Palace rather than C-fu. 
Hubby ordered Duck Beaks and said "Now I can say I've done that and can now cross it off my bucket list". 
The usual dim sum fare--which is great--but we didn't see anything that unusual nor different from dim sum places (except the duck beaks). But do try the turnip cakes! I recommend them highly. 
C-fu still makes better congee and curried tripe though.
Good choice for dim sum. Prompt efficient service, good food and reasonable prices.
The high point of our meal was the cold mug that our beer came in. Worst food, worst service, and just plain ick. Not that clean here either. The service was slow and inefficient with messed up orders and confusion. The food was tasteless though hot. With so many choices out there, take my advice and skip this place. Your stomach will thank you later when you are not suffering like I did. One star for the ice cold beer.
Dim sum madness with all my Asian homeys! Not everything is great but really, every dim sum I've ever been to in any state is about the same...
Why did they not have chili oil? Not too bad for a dim sum place. Try their dumplings...those are the only thing that is very good. Tgen again...I am pucky with taste......
This is for the dim sum... 

Being that I'm from California and I'm use to fresh dim sum through the day (during dim sum hours, of course). I called in at around 2PM and they stop serving dim sum at 3. I make it there in 15 minutes, got a seat, and almost everything was gone and was not fresh. Although the chicken feet came out fresh since I waited 15 minutes for it, it was not good. It was edible... But nowhere near to ANY of the restaurants I've been at. I actually spat it out. My BF had one with a nail still in it. 

The 3 star is based on their customer service alone. It's not somewhere I'd go to again to for dim sum nor would recommend.
Honestly this place has taken over as the best Dim Sum place in the East Valley, and possibly all of Arizona if Great Wall doesn't step their game up.  One dish that you need to order here is the Xiao Long Bao, it is no Din Tai Fung but it makes me happy with every soup exploding bite.
Yes!!! I am coming back here and recommend this to all you dim sum cravers and Asian tourists. The last couple of years when I visited Arizona, all I could find to eat were either  Vietnamese pho or Chinese. Now I can say that I've tried dim sum in Arizona! 

Yelped this place out and it was hard to choose from China King or Phoenix Palace but I had to make a quick choice because we wanted to eat and back to California so here we were, at phoenix palace.

Phoenix palace is located in a plaza filled with other Asian stores. It's actually across from LA fitness if you end up being in that plaza instead of the actual plaza (we got lost trying to find this place haha) 

Waiting? Ah yes... There was 10 minute wait but hey, better than 40 minute wait like the dim sum's back in Cali. That 10 minute went by quick. We did come here on a Saturday around noon, so the wait was nothing. Let the hostess or host know how many in your party, grab a number then wait for them to call it to be seated. 

Service? Hey! These ladies here who pushes carts knows English very well. Will know what kind of dim sum you are looking for if you, yourself know what you want and know what the dim sum contains. Quick with clearing out our empty dishes on the table, which is great!

Food? Liked it a lot. There were four of us and we got...

- fried squid (special order) yums. There's minced fried garlic, sliced jalapeo  and minced green onion. Eat it while it's hot! We all know how fried stuff would taste if we leave it out too long.

- Chinese brocolli with oyster sauce - it was our friend's favorite veggie. Good stuff. Still got it's crunch and not soggy! Awesome

- Seaweed - it's like a seaweed salad with pickle-ish underneath, and thinly sliced ginger hidden inside the seaweed which made it tasted even better. 

- sticky fried rice - there's eggs, Chinese diced sausages, minced dried shrimp and minced mushroom. tasted okay, but just needed a dash of soy sauce to taste better.

- sticky rice wrapped with lotus leaf or could be banana leaf - delicious. inside contains slices of shitaki mushrooms, dried shrimps and a chunk of Chinese sausage which made it tastes so good.

- shrimp paste on bell peppers - Light gravy sauce which was good. Have the lady cut it in half so you can share :)

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=n-eQ6GAV2NbnLsKyQGRq3A#yQcMdVZjHBVarx1k46LFWA
What you see up at the ceiling.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=n-eQ6GAV2NbnLsKyQGRq3A#_sbYguK9eVh2kRyUc7fruw

Overall, this dim sum place is more than just legit. With the great service they provided, I will be coming back for their dim sum and on the next visit, I will try more of their special dishes! Thumbs up!
I can here not knowing what to expect. I left full and happy. Many traditional items were on the menu as well as a few specialties. Make sure you get there early or you will have a long wait.
First off don't come here alone. Portions are for 2 or more and the menu doesn't offer more than one item and rice so it would be too much for one person to order 2 items. I ordered the Orange chicken because its a dish that is hard to screw up. Well despite the place being fairly empty and several staff on hand it seemed an eternity before any one took my order. Once my food arrived I dug in only to find the chicken flavorless with barely a hint of orange. It tasted more like sweet and sour sauce of the grocery store variety. I ate 1/5 the plate a decided I could do better at home with a packet of spicy seafood ramen. In the time it has taken for the wait staff to notice that I had given up on their tasteless dish to the time I received the cheque has been an eternity. I will never eat here again and I recommend that you don't waste you time or money. There is a plaque at the front door that claims best of Phoenix... I doubt they would win that award today.
I still think that it is amongst the very best for regular dishes.  I haven't had dim sum here in a long time but it is extremely popular.
I've been here once for dim sum w/a party of two, once with a large group and once for a large dinner party and each time the consensus has been that the food was just okay. Mind you this feedback has come primarily from Asians that have had their fair share of authentic dining all over the world, so they're quite seasoned. But coming from a white girl that is new to the world of dim sum, I'd have to agree.

I'm pretty sure that by now I've had a taste of most everything on the menu, and while nothing stands out as being outrageously delicious, nothing is particularly bad either. Some of the dishes I tend to prefer over others includes chinese broccoli, bao (pork rolls) and pineapple fried rice. Everything else is just so-so.

I do like the prices (around $2-3 a dish) and it makes for an enjoyable out-of the-ordinary-brunch outing for larger groups, but it does seem as though you get easily overlooked by the dim sum cart when you're at a small table, so I would seek alternative dining options if that's the case.
This place is great, it's a pretty big dim sum restaurant! They service here is friendly and funny. They will crack jokes with you and make sure you get what you want. The varieties of choices for dim sum is always amazing and they all always hot and fresh for you, unless other places where you'll eat a cold bun! YUCK! I came here after a new years night out and loved it! I would definitely come here again!!
came here for dim sum this past weekend and I was impressed. they have all the usual dim sum favorites and some that I've never seen at dim sum before (e.g. soup dumplings). came with a group of 12 people and our bill came out to $86 without tip. we each paid only $10 and we were all full. I am definitely coming back and bringing friends!
This is a great place to visit for dim sum here in the Phoenix area. It's best to come early, not only to beat the crowds but also to ensure you get to enjoy the full range of dim sum dishes. Sometimes if you come later not all of the carts are still out. There are lots of varieties and its very easy to order. Even for someone not fully familiar with dim sum cuisine eats super easy to ask to see the dish and point. If you need further clarification each server carries a list of the dishes they are carrying in both Cantonese and English. 

My favorites are the steamed pork buns, the shrimp and scallop dumplings, and the egg custard buns. Really everything we've had here is pretty tasty. Its nice to be able to order at any pace you want. I often sit for a little bit and then get ready for some more chow and order again. 

Prices are affordable- about 20 per person, service pretty good- although I frequently want for water, and food always tasty. Definitely worth trying.
went for dinner... good food and reasonable price. will try its dimsum on my next visit.
New favorite dim sum in Phoenix area!!  We even went back at night and had meals off the menu and it was very good as well.  The place is always busy and service is good. Prices are great, too.
Who doesn't like Dim Sum? For those who are unfamiliar with Dim Sum; essentially, it is a type of Chinese cuisine in which was modified down from what would only be served to kings and queens as a delicate to something everyone can enjoy. Ideally, it is best to eat this for breakfast and/or brunch. 
Anyway, I believe this place serves one of the best Dim Sum in the Phoenix Area. 
What better than to have little Asian ladies push around their Dim Sum carts around to your table and serve you food. Anything from steamed to baked; it is as good as it gets. Several of my favorite dishes are: Pork Dumplings, Shrimp Dumplings, Bean Curd (it sounds weird but pretty good for vegetarians), Beef and Shrimp Rice Noodles with soy sauce, Chicken Feet (normally, Americans don't like this but give it a shot), baked goods like custard buns, custard tarts, pineapple custard buns, coconut buns. These are just a few that I've named; there are many more delicious goodies. 
Everything must be downed with a cup of warm tea. Mmmm. Yum.

This place is cleaner than most Chinese restaurants and their customer service (even for dinner) is not bad.
I've had a lot of dimsum--Richmond, Toronto, Seattle. This has no comparison, but it is still dimsum to satisfy your cravings.
I've had plenty of Chinese food in my time, but nothing is better than this! The flavor is amazing and the staff is legit! I'm so spoiled now after ordering from them that I cannot order from any other. Phoenix Palace gives you plentiful portions so be sure you are hungry! 

My in-laws were in town not too long ago and they always NEED chinese food. We introduced them to Phoenix Palace and they were sold on the first bite! They made three meals out of one order because there was that much food!!!

In all honesty, we've only ordered out so we are not sure about the dine in experience. Over the phone and in person they are very friendly so I don't see dine in being a problem. 

Seriously, you gotta try this place!
2 years can change a lot. I think the quality of their dim sum is deteriorating, so we don't go there anymore. We tried their dinner, and I can say it's only so-so. Not too bad, and definitely not delicious either. As for China King, last year we went there for a Chinese new year meal, and it was so bad that made my aunt really upset as she was the one who invited us to the gathering and paid the bill :o...on the 1st day of Chinese New Year!!!!
I have been here for dim sum couple times, good service and good food. BUT.. a recent visit to Phoenix Palace gave me a brand new view about this place. My friend and I had 2 waters and 6 dim sum items. When the bill came, we noticed an item on the bill says "2 guests: $1.70". When we asked the server why, she replied "we charge money for water."  This restaurant CHARGES $0.85 for every water they give out to customer! This is not bottle water, simply water from the tap in a plastic cup. For this reason, I will NOT return to this place, there are plenty other dim sum places in town will gladly provide free water to customers, like any other restaurant in AZ.
Best Dim-Sum in town.
By far the Phoenix Palace has one of the best Dim-sum and menu.
The service is always nice and friendly.
The restaurant itself is nice and clean.
Highly recommend the Singapore Noodles, I can't enough of it.
Do yourself a favor and visit this place any day of the week for lunch starting at 10:00 AM.
Afterwards take some time to visit some of the other restaurants within the shopping strip and make sure you check out Lei-Lei Supermarket with their great products from all over the world.
This is the Walmart of the east.
A+
I love the ginormous language barrier here. Bring your token Chinese friend, because asking what each thing is will lead into a 5minute banter back and forth trying to figure out what the hell each party is saying.

- "excuse me can you say it in english?"
- [server] "I AM speaking english"
- oh. shit.

Luckily, it only takes about 4 guesses and 6 people to decipher what she was trying to say. God. We are so whhhhhite.

But on to the food. Yelpers are right on the money, the very little money it costs us to eat here. With 6 people and no holding back on ordering everything (cause "what the hell" and "we're hungry") until we were going to explode, costs us $53.35. For you math-enthusiasts, that's about $11 per person, tip included.

And did we say we were exploding at the end of our meal? Like, "I need to hold my food baby and care for it" full. Like "I need a nap, immediately" full. 

So, you may ask (or maybe not, I'm not telling you what to do), why the 3 stars? Were the quality of food is just A-OK, tasty but nothing out of this world. We stick to the siu mai, pork dumplings, shai long bao, egg tarts and Chinese broccoli. My favorite dim sum dish (of all time) is the sweet bread bun filled with pork. They make it here with mostly sweet potato vs bbq pork.. which made it sweeter than it needed to be (and less meaty). My friends enjoyed the shrimp noodle dumplings and we thought the roasted veggies were nicely done- crunchy but with tons of flavor. Not the easiest thing to pick up with chopsticks though.

Of course, no one had the balls to try chicken feet. I don't get it. Its delicious, and has nothing to do with my foot fetish. Mostly. Sort of.
It has too many reviews about the Dim Sum already. So I bet everyone would love to hear about the dinner menu in Phoenix Palace. It is delicious and full of varities from fisj, chicken to pork. I tried the steam talipia fish and vegies soup with half of the ducks. They are super delicous and fresh. I am really enjoying to eat here. They also have great customer service and really care for what the customer want.
My boyfriend was looking for a place for this parents to eat at and we were originally going to this other Chinese restaurant but took a wrong turn and ended up in this plaza so we just decided to eat here instead.

It was about 5pm - pretty early for dinner for Asian people at least - cause besides us, there was only one other diner in the place. It was so empty they even decided to turn off some of the lights in the restaurant. I didn't really expect that many people honestly - this is Arizona, and it is 5 PM.  

We sat down and ordered three dishes:
 
Chestnut and Chicken Pot - super flavorful dish! - chicken was tender and went very well with the chestnuts 

Crispy Noodles with Seafood Gravy - I really would have liked it more if they didn't drench it with the gravy because I do like the crispy part of the noodles but since they poured a lot of sauce onto it - all the noodles got soaked. 

Chinese Veggie (Choi Sum with garlic) - tender and garlicky. 

The food was surprisingly very tasty. I expected not very good Chinese food here but to my amazement, the food was pretty decent - however it did cost way more than Chinese restaurant in say like San Gabriel or Monterey Park area (for those of you from LA would know what I'm talking about) here it's like about double the price - but i think it's because they don't get half as busy as in other places that are populated with Asian people. 

The waiters and waitresses looked pretty bored most of the time - but things started to pick up around 6ish when we were about to leave. Reviews say that this place is good for dim sum - I wish I could try it but since my bf graduated today I don't think I'll be coming back to Arizona any time soon. 

Overall however I think this is a pretty good place for dinner - the prices a little higher but like I said there aren't too many other Chinese restaurants like this around.
My husband and I went to Phoenix Palace this afternoon for Dim Sum and had a great meal. Neither of us are Dim Sum veterans. Being from Northern California originally I have been to a few places, but it was my husband's very first time. The staff was very friendly and the food was great! My husband, a picky eater, especially loved the sesame buns with red bean filling and the buns with egg custard.
There are 2 reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars. I was especially looking forward to Xiao Long Bao, better known as soup dumplings. I read that they served them here, but when the carts were circling they were nowhere to be found. They are my absolute favorite dim sum so that was a bit disappointing.
The other reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that we felt a bit overwhelmed. As soon as we were seated every single cart came up to our table and waited in line to pitch us their dishes. They would ask repeatedly if we wanted the same dishes after we said no before they walked away. It would have been a bit nicer of an experience if they were circulating more a gave us a chance to breathe a bit.
All and all though we had a wonderful experience. Delicious food, and the price is great! We could have easily fed 4 with the amount of food we got (we wanted to try a bit of everything) and ended up with lots of leftovers to box up and take home. Friendly people, yummy food, fun experience! We will definitely be back, and hopefully next time I will get my soup dumplings!
(Lyric - Janet Jackson - Love Will Never Do (Without You))
Phoenix Palace I have tried before
To replace as my Dim Sum place
Never did I have a doubt
It's Dim Sum I can't do without

They said it wouldn't last
We had to prove them wrong
Cause I've eaten in the past
That hunger will always be without you

Phoenix Palace I have tried before
To replace as my Dim Sum place
Never did I have a doubt
It's Dim Sum I can't do without
I feel better after a meal with you
Cause no other place around
Has quite the same Yum Yum (ha ha ha!)
Like you do do do do...

Phoenix Palace is an old school Dim Sum joint located in the heart of what I call little Chinatown.  Off Dobson and Warner this little corner in Chandler is a mecca for Asian businesses, aside from your LA Fitness on the Northwest corner.  Phoenix Palace is in the same corner as Lee Lee's Market; where you can explore all food ingredients from the Orient.  

I'm a dim sum lover and I wish I could go every weekend, but that would totally destroy my diet!  Needless to say, Phoenix Palace is one of my favorite dim sum places in Phoenix.  They offer up some traditional products like Siu Mai, Nai Wong Bao, Phung Chows, and Cha Sui Baos.  Moreover, they also have some newer products and I gather it's for the more American guest like fried noodles, fried rice and calamari.  All good, but some times I wish they would just stick with tradition.  

Overall, the dim sum is pretty good and one of the best in my opinion of what we can get in Phoenix.  It'll get the job done as they say, but don't expect it to blow your mind away.  Service here has improved through the years and afterwards you can always stop by Lee Lee's to get your Asian groceries.  Just a skip and a hop away is a Boba place so you might as well get your entire Asian fix on and done! - Enjoy
I don't know what it is about dim sum here in the Valley, but I just haven't found one that is even close to half-way decent.  The pork rice wrapped in leaves was pretty good, as were the shrimp dumplings, but the pork dumplings, the egg custard, and the taro root, which is usually my favorite, were pretty bland.  The fried rice and noodle dishes that we had for the table were also very bland. 

I wish that my first choice, Pho Van, had been open.  The things you do when you're hungry and don't want to get back in the car.
I'll revise that to the consistently best Chinese restaurant in the state that I know of.  I'm talking about prepared dishes as I usually don't do dim sum.  My complaint, though, still remains, namely the specials are mostly untranslated.
Of course you cannot compare to dim sum places in the west or east coast but for AZ it's pretty decent. Best to go on weekends. More customer means more variety and fresh dim sum. Weekday choices were pretty weak...
Phoenix palace is always busy in the morning for dim sum. The waiters/waitresses that push the carts always forget to come to my table. The dim sum is alright. I've had better.
OMG, this place was packed, and the Dim Sum was delicious with quite the array of funky stuff (this is always a good thing when it comes to Dim Sum).  Those carts were blasting through the crowd, and the incredible mishmash of all that one could find if there was an explosion involving a dollar store, a Christmas outlet, and a Halloween store, but not lacking the bargain bin at the used flooring and counter outlet.  There were Christmas trees, silk flowers galore, 16 different light fixtures, 20 different flooring's, hanging stuffed animals, and all sorts of craftiness that should have never been put on the shelves to sell, little lone ever sold.  It was filled with Asians and that's all I needed to see, to know that I had landed in Nirvana, this was my 3rd time there and I will keep going back.
I couldn't believe on my last day in Arizona I finally find a dim sum restaurant!! I could've been dining here the whole time! Food was delicious. Atmosphere is great. And service is good!! Would come back again for sure!
CHANDLER GEM

Served by dim sum carts on this late Saturday morning before the rush, we finish our week's stay in the Valley of the Sun. From the quality of the tea to the quality of the dim sum, it was a fitting meal before our long drive home.  An opportunity to use my Cantonese with the gregarious wait staff. Ironically our first meal on Sunday and our departing meal are both our most memorable and best meals. 

The dim sum is at least twice as good anywhere in Las Vegas. Not to forget, the price of our dim sum meal including tea charge was less than $24.  I remember spending twice that in Las Vegas with most disappointing results.
The fact that Phoenix Palace only has a 3.5 Star rating here on Yelp makes me question all that I know to be true! I've had Dim Sum from Seattle to east of the Mississippi and have yet to find any that comes anywhere close to the deliciousness that is Phoenix Palace.

If not for the fear of criminal charges, I would hug and kiss each lovely woman pushing the butane warmed carts of amazingness.

My standout favorites include (please excuse my atrocious Chinese spelling):

Har goa
Shu Mai
Char siu
Shrimp egg roll
Chinese brocolli
Salt and pepper squid
Fried lobster if the planets align and you're lucky enough to get it.

Jews know their Chinese food, and trust this Jew when I tell you that this is the real deal, mind altering Dim Sum.
Nice selection of Live seafood . Salt and pepper Crab was so great we ordered another one.
Just stopped by here. The place was pretty busy, but only had a short wait. We mostly got the steamed items, which were pretty good. The foods weren't overly greasy like I've had at some dim sum places.  I hoped for a little more variety though in terms of the steamed foods. Don't get me wrong.  They had a lot of other fried foods, vegetable plates, and a soup cart, but they ran out of the soup my friend wanted to try and a lot of the other carts had fried foods that just didn't seem all that appealing at the time. I think the dessert carts passed us about 7 times. It would have been nice if there were a little less of the dessert carts roaming around and more steamed food/soup carts.  Overall, definitely not a bad place to try though! The food is pretty good and I would give it an extra half of a star if I could.
I am not an expert on Dim Sum.  I simply know what I like.

The carts were constantly being refreshed and there was some additional staff tempting us with specials.  We stopped in before lunch on a Sunday.  As soon as we set down the carts were at our table.

I really liked the BBQ pork buns.  Some of the best that I have ever had.  The vegetables were also great.  The tea was good. Everything we had was good.
Good dim sum during the weekend. Some of the food (such as the green beans and spring rolls) are cold. The spring rolls are good enough that you do not mind eating them cold, but the green beans stir fry just taste bad when you eat them cold.
They have more variety and the service is actually better during the weekend. Do not go during the week.
The service was excellent. I was surprised that the carts came around so frequently and our tea pot would be filled the moment it became empty. There was this guy coming out with special dishes, he's a good marketer btw. Lol. 

As far as food goes, it was good, not great but it was more than just okay. The salt and pepper squid was too breaded in my opinion, but the congee was surprisingly pretty awesome! The eggplant was also a favorite of mine. The Chinese broccoli was overcooked and shriveled to me so it was a bit rubbery and difficult to eat.
Just had one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life here.  The server was incredibly rude and the hot pot was disgusting. Find another place!
If you ever want some cheap dim sum and good food, Phoenix Palace is always a good choice [but not the best!].  Service is always great and the food is always delicious.  There's this one guy who always walks around spouting flirty comments to all the girlies.  "Hey, pretty girl.  Want to try...?"  I swear it's less creepy than it sounds.

Anyways, the overall ambiance is pretty hideous but who cares?  Prices are reasonable, food is fresh and plentiful, and if you want some fresh BBQ, the little side-shop upfront is always a great option.  While not the best on the east side, Phoenix Palace is always a great option.
Excellent Chinese food dinner with massive portions. When our usual Pho spot closed for New Year's, we trotted into Phoenix Palace for our first dinner of 2014.

The three of us opted for the Mandarin Dinner (family style): Hot & Sour Soup, Fried Crab Puff, Egg Roll, Pot Sticker, and one entree for $13.95 per person. We tried to substitute for egg drop soup, or anything else, but the language barrier and seemingly restaurant policy kept us from the substitution. Nevertheless, we were not disappointed.

Hot & Sour Soup: Served in a huge bowl, the consistency was more like a stew. Great flavor and not too spicy, though it heats up.

Fried Crab Puff, Egg Roll, Pot Sticker - enough for at least one per person, we had leftovers of crab puffs and pot stickers. Very flavorful with quality ingredients. I could have munched on these for dinner but had to save room!

Sweet & Sour Chicken - large chunks of white meat in a sweet glaze that's sticky enough for a full coating of rice. My favorite of the three we ordered.

Beef and Broccoli - tasted good and overall above average. Again, a large enough serving to feed a group of 3.

Kung Pao Chicken - not as good as the others. I'd go with something else next time. The chicken pieces were smaller than I'd like and it seemed like the flavor was too blended, like you couldn't tell what you were eating except for the spice. It wasn't bad, just not the best.

It's a good sign when all of the staff and patrons speak the language of the cuisine. Phoenix Palace is quite authentic and has a great assortment of dishes. I will return to try others, especially their dim sum.
I went looking for the typical "not real Chinese" buffet on a Sunday and found this place.  Never had Dim Sum before so thought this would be different. From the moment we sat down, the carts were on us putting stuff on the table and having us choose from a selection that I honestly cannot tell you what I ate.  I just said yes to what looked good.  I wasn't disappointed, but I can't tell you what I ate! :)  I do know that I accidentally said yes to the chicken feet thinking is was just fried chicken.  I'm adventurous, but that was too much so I left it.  Without even asking, they were cool enough to take it off of the bill.  We all laughed about how the server's children loved it, and they were really great.  The cart ladies struggle with English a lot, but that's OK as again, I just said yes to what looked good.  Overall the price was pretty reasonable and I tried a lot of food. I'll be back!
Ok, so usually I expect Chinese places to all be the usual stir fry style, takeout menu, not really unique kind of food.  Which is ok, because I love that particular food.  But something sets Phoenix Palace a notch above the rest.

The menu looked great, and I floundered over what to get, until we saw the family style options on the back.  For a flat rate per-person, you get soup to share, a plate of appetizers, and as many entrees as you have people.  That sounded perfect, and we got a nice variety of food to share with the table.  

The hot and sour soup was very tasty, and with a little soy sauce added, not too hot for my mild palette.  The crab puffs and egg rolls were top notch.  Sweet and Sour Chicken tasted like it was made with real quality chicken, had fresh breading, and flavorful sauce.  The Broccoli Beef had really tender meat and veggies, and is easily my favorite version of that dish from what I've tried elsewhere.  The Kung Pao Chicken wasn't as spicy as I expected, which was a good thing for me.  We had more than enough food, and the leftovers proved delicious the second time around too.

The service was attentive, though there was a bit of a language barrier.  I appreciate the authenticity of the restaurant all the way around.  This may very well turn in to my go-to Chinese food!
This place is good. Large selection of plates, and my usual favorites also. Went with the family.  It was nice. Not that you'd write home about it, but service was good, the food was good and not as much sodium as some other places.   I will be back.
Sooo . . . I've been coming on and off to this place since it first opened and it has gone through several incarnations from buffet to sit down to something in betwn that I really wasn't sure what was being served when I opened their door this past Sat. 
Much to my pleasant surprise, the place was bustling serving dim sum a plenty.
And the place was packed with my kind of people (Chinese in case you're wondering. Haha) so I figured the dim sum must be pretty good. 
I was not disappointed. Everything I had was up to standard. I had 5 dishes plus got charged 65 cents for having water and the tea that was not served to me. 
When I questioned the 65 cents and told the owner I did not have tea, he pointed to a handwritten sign taped to the cash register hidden behind stacks of to go menus that said 65 cents charged to every customer for tea AND WATER. Okay, I didn't realize when I crossed the threshold I had been transported to China or Europe where they do charge for water. 
I also questioned an item where they charged me for a large item when I only had the small dishes and boy, did the owner insist on every penny!  Okay, dude I won't argue with you. So somehow for five dishes, water, and tea that I didn't get the bill came to a whopping $17 which I thought was freakin' expensive for dim sum at lunch time. When I saw the bill I almost wish I could have thrown up the food and return the dishes back to them. Alas, I couldn't and didn't so I paid my bill and left. 
Sigh, since dim sum has become trendy and popular I think it's driven up the price!  I remember when I could have 5 dishes for less than $10!  Oh, the good 'ole days!
What's not to love about dim sum? You can pick and choose any dish and they're small portions so you're able to try a variety of items for a reasonable price. Its kind of like tapas style, except dim sum comes ready-made and ready-to-eat to you in carts pushed by people. This place is busy on the weekends, but proves to be an excellent place to enjoy this style of dining. Check out the photo to see some of the things I ate (BBQ pork buns, egg tart custard, Chinese broccoli, shu Mai, soup dumpling, etc)....I passed on the chicken feet.
Dimsum! Weekends are so busy, these people are legit cantonese/chinese which if you do not know is as authentic as you can get.  Dim Sum is a Hong Kong brunch (cantonese people).  I am a big fan of this place because all of your yummy dim sum items come out piping hot! I have gone to places where they are just warm.  We are really looking forward to trying dinner here one day.  Will become a regular here for dimsum :)
The food is good, but the service is Horrible, had to wait 20 min just for someone to tell that we needed to order and that's after my girlfriend waved someone down like an SOS on the freeway, I never got a refill at all on my iced tea!!
Will never go there again!!
Went there for dinner and ordered 3 dishes. Overall the food was decent.  Nothing too exciting or special. I probably enjoyed the free soup that came with the dinner more than the dishes. I may go back to try their dim sum one day.
Excellent food!
The lady who works on Monday and Tuesday Nights is AWESOME. she is the reason why I wanted to write this review. She was friendly, helpful, and just an overall very positive person and I really enjoyed having her as our waitress. This is pretty rare in a Chinese restaurant. Food was good. Prices are fairly reasonable but dang snow pea leaves cost $16.95 that's pretty darn expensive. 

I returned for dimsum the next day (with a batch of other waitresses), and the service was, as expected, nonexistent to borderline rude. And since when is ha gao and a variety of other items considered "large". The only small items were chicken feet and all the other dishes were large and I've had dimsum for the last 20 years and I know which dishes are in what category. It's not a big deal since the price difference is very small so it acutally doesn't make a difference but I'm not sure why they think it's a good idea to mark everything large while it's probably smarter to make most items mediums and make a larger price gap (opps!)
First of all, to be clear, I have really high standard for dim sum. 

Spare ribs, Egg&pork congee and chicken feet are the must-have for me every time. So I first tried them. They were good but not best, a small step down from Great wall or China King. But the Egg tart and Pineapple buns really impressed me! If the Pineapple bun served right from oven, it must be heavenly good!!

The service was fine, but no one served water until we ordered chrysanthemum tea. But this place was not so crowed like Great Wall or China King. We didn't have to wait in lines even on Sunday morning.
The service is so bad here!  The dim sum is ok.  It takes forever to get them to come to the table for more Dim Sum.  I rather go to other local places for Dim Sum
This place gets a 5 star review for being the best dim sum restaurant in the valley.  Sure I've had better in SF, but this is still pretty good.  
Major bonus points for the takeout counter.  I don't know what most of this stuff is called, but I know what it looks like.  I was able to give the girl a description and she knew exactly what it was.  I've now got pictures on my phone for future visits.
I think it's a step above their competitor on the other side of the street, but their competitor seems to have a wider selection.  At least in the carts that are going around.  
Bonus points for having a gelato shop a few doors down.  Not that you'll be hungry when you leave.
My favorite dim sum place in the Valley. They always have a wide selection and the food is great.  My favorites are the turnip cakes, the shao mai, and the pork buns.  Expect a little wait on the weekends, since this place seems to be quite popular. Enjoy checking out the dollar store next door while you wait, they have lots of little goodies for the kids. 

Their dinner selection is actually quite good, too.  Some great dishes, so I took a colleague from Guangzhou. He was skeptical, since he doesn't usually like American Chinese restaurants, but he actually quite liked this place.
I've been here several times now and I think, overall, Phoenix Palace has the best dim sum in the Valley. I love scoring a table right where the carts come out. It sucks if you sit in a corner and all the food is either gone or cold by the time the ladies get to your table. I'll take my ticket to a cart across the room if we've been waiting too long. There are too many dishes to go over, but the congee here is excellent. The only dish that fell short was the har gow - skin too thick and shrimp was mushy and falling apart.  We ate a lot and our tab was about $11/pp. My current dim sum order of preference of distance wasn't a factor: phoenix palace, great wall, china king, mekong.
Came here for dim sum on a Saturday morning around 11:00 am.  The restaurant wasn't too busy at that time but it was pretty packed by the time that we finished eating.  

There's a good variety of dim sum items available.  We had the shrimp dumplings, lotus leaf rice, barbeque pork buns, pork and shrimp dumplings, tofu skin roll, chicken feet, tripe, beef balls, rice noodle rolls, and savory stuffed dumplings.  The food was decent flavor-wise but the downside was that everything was only lukewarm except for the savory stuffed dumplings.  We got the savory stuffed dumplings towards the end of our meal.  Had we started eating a little later when the restaurant was busier, we probably would have had hotter food since there would be higher turnover.  My favorite dishes were the savory stuffed dumplings, tripe, shrimp dumplings, and lotus leaf rice.

Overall, I was expecting something more fantastic but everything was okay.  I liked the variety and the service was good.  Dim sum prices are also very reasonable.  I wouldn't rule out coming here again.
I've noted in previous reviews about how I am not a fan of Chinese food in Arizona. Chinese in Hawaii just taste so much better to me. And maybe it's because I enjoy the bastardized Hawaiian version more, but I lament the lack of options in Arizona for Chinese that I find tasty.  

Fortunately, this place has great dim sum that is as good as most places I've been to in Hawaii. I'm sure "real" Chinese people (I'm Chinese but people have accused me of not being a real Chinese person) will say this isn't actual Chinese food or dim sum, and doesn't hold a candle to SF. I'm sure that's true but this place is good in my book.

My favorite items here are the XLB, chow mein, spareribs, bean curd roll.  They are delicious.  I personally don't like their potstickers because they have a strange fishy taste to me, which I'm not accustom to in potstickers (however, I don't like seafood so take my advice with a grain of salt on this front).
They serve diversity dim-sum. I love all of them! I think this is the best dim-sum place in Arizona.  I'm not from the southeast China, so this is my best personal experience.
i used to come to Phoenix Palace for dim sum, until i watched the news today....Phoenix Palace is on the May 29 Dirty Dining with 7 health code violations (German cockroach found in the kitchen)...I will never come back again! http://www.kpho.com/story/25647212/dirty-dining-may-29-worst-offenders-had-8-health-code-violations
My boyfriend and I are travelers going to the Grand Canyon. Tempe is our first stop. We went there right after we landed. The food is very very good. Service is so so. But anyway I like it a lot.
The place has the basics for dim sum, there are steamed pork buns, ribs, stripes, chicken feet, shumai, shrimp dumplings etc. They are all quite flavorful and standard on their tastes. The pork buns don't use a traditional bread but the bun they use taste quite sweet. The tripe is good and their other beef intestine dish is a bit salty for my taste but still acceptable. The food is average for dim sum, but it is pretty decent for dim sum in Arizona.
The service is not great I had to ask 3 or 4 times for shrimp rolls and the tea refill took a while to arrive. It was pretty slow on business too so there seemed to just be a lack of workers at the time even though we went at around lunch time. I would say Sunday would probably have better service but you would have to wait for a while. I have also had dinner here and they have better quality food as well as service then.
The dim sum here are better at the moment, used to be unappealing. There is definitely something wrong with the shrimp fried rice. I continually tried to give them chances after chances to improve, but all 3 times the shrimps had this pee-like taste and smell! They are definitely not fresh, but rather long-dead and smelly! Other than their dim sum, lunch and dinner are not great. The roasted pork is ok, in the mean time. The father of the owner, who usually in charge of roasted and BBQ area is extremely rude and loud.
Dim sum is limited around Chandler and Phoenix Palace is probably one of the most popular. The baked bbq buns are probably the best thing they make. Prices however have been steadily increasing and tea charges are now mandatory we believe whether you drunk tea or not. 

All the other dishes are pretty hit or miss depending on when you go. For example sometimes the shumai is pretty much all fat and other times it's all meat with no flavor. 

Overall, dim sum here is ok. I have had better.
Went there several times. Came away thoroughly satisfied every time. :) I usually don't like dim sum that much, mind you.
Good overall. My complaints:
1. we were semi accosted as soon as we sat down. It was post lunch rush on a Saturday, and every cart came to us immediately and pushed things into my hands that I wasn't sure I wanted. 
2. several items were greasy. The chinese broccoli was good, but I did feel like I needed to dab it on my napkin. 
3. after the initial rush of 5 or so dishes, the carts didn't come around much anymore. 
But I did enjoy myself and will most likely go back. The broccoli was crunchy and flavorful and the prices were reasonable ($30 for 2).
Went on the weekend for dim sum and was not disappointed. They have a wide variety of traditional dim sum items. Although they seem to specialize more in the pasties and buns. They will also prepare traditional Chinese dishes during dim sum. Our favorite that we order as a side dish is Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce. If you have never had dim sum then try it. It is a n experience you won't forget.
Best place to get dim sum on the weekends.  Much better selections, qualities, and staff than Great Wall Cuisine on 35th Avenue & Camelback Road.  They made their food and prepared everything on-site.  It's a must place to visit if you want to try everything all at once.
I went here for a late dinner. It was me and a couple of friends. We ordered half crispy chicken, beef and veggies, string beans, mongolian beef, and soup. Everything was really good especially the crispy chicken. Customer service was ok, took awhile to get refills on our drinks, but all in all in was good. I usually come here for dim sum because I think their dim sum is pretty good, better than most places I been to in AZ. So, if you are going to try this place, go for their dim sum first!
This is our go-to place for dim sum with a good selection. On weekends, they have a much more extensive selection and many more carts running around. The servers are fast and ready to get you selections not on the carts (we always order some type of veg to go with our usual spread of gluttony). My only tiny gripe is that they don't have dou-miao (pea shoots), but we did like their stir fried green beans. We've only lived here for not quite a month and have been here 3 times plus it's a 25 min drive...
What can I say, this is Panda Express.  So, not "great" chinese food, but pretty good for fast food...  I'm obsessed with the orange chicken (who isn't?) and the chow mein.  This particular location is the cleanest Panda I have ever been to... and they have a decent outdoor patio too.  Nice to have in the neighborhood.
George and Son's and Flo's are now my favorite North Scottsdale Chinese eatery's. However, in a rush, Panda gets the job done and at a fair price. Not a place I would ever take guests though. *FYI - George & Son's also delivers!!!
I used to occasionally dine at Panda Express when I wanted a cheap meal and to just kick back and chill. The problem is that the food seems to sit out there for a long period of time; or they would spoon out the last batch to me sans most of the chicken. In other words, their portion ratio of meat to vegetables is never consistent.
Never the best ..... Never the worst.
This location is A-OK.
The food has always been decent.
The staff has always been courteous.
Like so many national food chains, Panda Express is pretty much the same all over.  That said, either you like them or do not.

Here in Scottsdale, we have many alternatives to Panda Express.  

You have The Red Door, Ling and Louie, PF Chang's, Jade Palace, Pei Wei (similar in many ways to Panda Express), George & Sons, to name just a few; or even Flo's which is across the street from this location.  So, the choices are pretty much endless.

The key, I believe in seeking out Panda Express is convenience and time.  Sit down restaurants involve time.  Both in travel, but also ordering and waiting for the food to be prepared and served. Yes, I know most of these restaurants have takeout.  What Chinese restaurant doesn't have takeout?  But here, you come in, point at a few items behind the glass, pay and you're on your way. -- and their prices are very reasonable.

If you have a limited lunch hour, or in reality a half hour, then Panda Express becomes a very reasonable alternative for those of us who eat at our desks.  

In the end, the food is universally good -- not NYC Chinatown Five stars good, but fast food Chinese Four Stars good.

Enjoy!
Basic stuff. Would like the staff to speak better English so they can understand my order. Or (according to some dip$hits) i should learn Spanish and/or Chinese just to aid in my order.
Good, fresh selection, fast staff, clean restaurant. Thumbs up in my book!
Always a great place for fast Chinese food. Love their Chow Mein and Orange Chicken. 
I see the staff always cleaning the tables and floors.
Plenty of sitting and ample parking.
In and out in less than 20 minutes.
Always clean, always fresh, or maybe my timing is always awesome. Also, they are very quick to get you through the line, even at lunch rush!
Chinese food?  it is adequate.  It is a great value for the money spent.  They always offer samples and get you out of there in no time.  The places are kept clean.  Sometimes the food is not up to par.  I've experienced doughy chicken or overcooked items.  Can't really expect that much for the money.  It is fine for a rushed meal.
Standard location for the chain. Orange chicken was cooked well, the rice was a touch undercooked a little crunchy in parts, the chicken egg roll was tasty.  Staff was friendly and moved the line quickly and easily.

The place was very clean even though it was right around lunch time and busy.  They kept up on the cleaning while we ate as well after patrons would leave and the tables weren't up to par.  

Overall: B+
It's not gourmet (I think you probably knew that before heading in), but it's a good lunch stop!  =)
Personally, I way prefer a la carte vs push cart because inevitably you go in starving and fill up on stuff you don't really want while waiting for that ever illusive har gow.  

Freshness is also another big factor - depending on how far your table is from the kitchen and the whims of the push cart person, the food you just ordered from the cart may have  gone around many laps already.  You can tell when a dumpling is not fresh by how the skins stick to each other.  

My stomach real estate is too precious for all these uncertainties - apparently agreed with by most people in Hong Kong and Vancouver, where almost all restaurants serve dim sum a la carte.

China Chan now serves dim sum everyday.  The dim sum menu is short but sweet with just over 20 items covering most of my cravings.  Nearly everything I've ordered has been above average.   Definitely a case of quality over quantity.

In addition, they also offer choice of tea...go for the blend of black tea & chrysanthemum tea.   

Loved it:
- Har Gow:  Well-flavored single bite dumpling with tasty shrimp inside a nice chewy rice pastry (not the biggest shrimps but can't complain at $1.80)
- Egg Custard Tarts:  I   was lucky to place my order just as a fresh batch entered the oven...the deliciously melty custard filling was hot enough to burn
- Daikon Cakes:  Nicely browned crust.  Filled with loads of shredded daikon (similar to radish).  Better with a dab of chili sauce. 
- Tripe with Ginger & Scallion:  Great crunch and addictive salty tang.  

Liked it:
- Steamed BBQ Pork Bun:  Great fluffy texture on the bun, though could be a bit more generous with the fillings
-  Steamed Lotus Flavored Rice:  A generous patty of glutinous rice and minced chicken filling wrapped in a Lotus Leaf and then steamed.
- Fried Ham Sui Gok:  Deep fried glutinous rice pastry filled with minced pork.
- Spare ribs steamed with Black Bean Sauce 
- Steamed beef balls:  Great bouncy texture that you'd enjoy more if you just forget about the beef part of the description since it takes quite a bit of flour to get these things going.

Could have done without it:
-  Fried Taro Turnover;  The pastry crust was a bit flat and heavy rather than light and puffy. 

If you go to China Chan on weekends, be prepared for a bit of a wait since most dim sum dishes (with exception of the deep fried items) are cooked to order.  This definitely beats the push carts since most things reach the table piping hot.


UPDATE (7/31/2007):
Yikes...can't recommend China Chan for anything but dimsum...just went here for dinner and it was really really average...cheap as heck ($22 set meal for 4), but tasted as if a completely different kitchen was responsible for dinner in striking contrast to the awesome dimsum.
Being as far away from China as I could possibly get, I didn't expect to get something tasty from here but it was quite delightful dining.  The atmosphere is queazy like there are a bunch of mismatched lanterns all bunched up in one corner or something like that which had me staring at it wanting to walk around and fix it.
Very good Dim Sum place. Serve everyday, cook fresh upon ordering, no pre- cook and push  cart.      I Love it!      o yea, very, very affordable price.
We decided at the last minute we wanted Dim Sum, it was almost 1pm and you know the standard push cart dim sum places have very limited items at this time. Since we live so far north we knew we couldnt make it to Golden Buddha before all the good stuff was gone.
I read the reviews here for China Chan near metrocenter. I am so glad we went! All of our food was served piping hot! There are no pushcarts, but a menu with pictures that we could order from. My daughter liked the shrimp eggrolls, 3 of them under 2 bucks! they were big, fresh and tasty.
The baked bbq buns and the pastry bbq buns were yummy. The sesame balls were bigger than average and had quite a bit of the black bean filling in them. The steamed rice noodle with the shrimp was o.k. I liked Golden Buddha's better, they use larger shrimp. But I would still order it again. They loved the shrimp har gow. perfectly steamed and not rubbery. I was so full, that wanting to order the taro cake and egg tarts would be a sin since I couldnt finish what we had on the table. Very reasonable prices! Not an upscale place, but the Dim sum was great!
I don't usually try dim sum places when I'm traveling unless I'm in a city with a big chinatown (LA, SF, NY). But it just so happened that China Chan is really close to my hotel. I decided to give it a try because of the reviews on Yelp! and I gotta hand it to you guys for being spot on.

I was pretty worried when I pulled up to see that the building looked like something that used to be a fast food joint. I decided to go through with it anyways and when I walked in, I was greeted by a hostess in Cantonese. When you hear Cantonese at a dim sum restaurant that you're unsure about, it sounds a little bit like music in your ears. After we settled down and ordered our drinks, we started looking through the dim sum menu (this is one of those places that the carts don't come around... you order off a piece of paper and then everything is made to order...) and was SHOCKED to find that most of the items were priced at $1.80 per order. In my neck of the woods (Austin, Texas) most of these items are easily priced at $2.80-$3.00. So my buddy and I pretty much went nuts ordering. We ordered about 10 dishes (which is enough to feed 4 people) and our total bill was $23.00!!!

Growing up in HK, I've had my fair share of amazing dim sum. Even though China Chan's dim sum was not the same caliber to be compared to those of HK, I thought that overall most of the food was pretty solid (especially taking the price into consideration). There were some stuff (like the curry puff) that I thought could have been a little more warm when served. For the most part all of the dim sums that we ordered were spot on.

The service was great, but I couldn't give China Chan 5 stars because there were some misses here and there. Taking the price into consideration though, I'm not sure if Phoenix natives just don't know about this place or there're not a lot of dim sum fans here because we were the only table there the whole time we were there. I would highly recommend this place. In fact, I'm pretty serious about going back there tomorrow to get my dim sum fixing before I head back home.
We've had several parties here and eat here almost every weekend -  It's such an easy going, delicious,  family-owned restaurant that I'm always baffled why they aren't more crowded!   I think people are intimidated because it doesn't look like "RA" on the outside or other "flashy" type of Asian   places here in AZ -  If this place was in LA or SF or NYC, I guarantee, there would be a line out the door every hour - because of the good food at good prices.    I've found that the less decor on the walls and the more the joint needs a paint job, are the best hole-in-the-wall Chinese places to eat at.  

I also like that the dim sum is made to order and good -  Plus, they just added noodle soup and it's as good as any place I've ever eaten at in LA or SF. 

We will continue to eat here once a week because of how nice the family is that owns the place,  the good prices and the good food.  

My recommendations for dimsum: Everything - at the great prices, it's worth trying everything - 

My recommendations for entree's if you're not into dimsum:  

- Fish with Chinese vegetables
- West Lake Soup
- Noodle Soup with Chicken and Fish
- MaPo Tofu
- Walnut Shrimp
- Kung Pao Chicken
I think maybe I just don't care too much for dim sum. I've tried it a couple of times before at other places, and wasn't all that thrilled. After reading a all the mouth-watering reviews for China Chan, I thought maybe I should give it another go. 

First off, they didn't offer us dim sum. There were only menus with standard Chinese-American fare. I was so disappointed. I thought maybe they only did it on Saturday or something. Thankfully, I asked, and was then offered an dim sum menu.

At first, I was kind of lost as to what to order. Luckily, I remembered a lot of Helen's recommendations. So I ordered the har gow, the daikon cakes, and the custard tarts. 

I thought the har gow were OK. The shrimp were cooked just right. But the whole thing was rather bland. I had to drench it in soy sauce. 

I agree the daikon cakes had a nice crispy outside, and was full of smoky bacony flavor combined with earthy mushroom. But I couldn't get over the texture of the inside. I just don't do gelatinous.

The custard tarts were rather good. Mostly they had a lot of nostalgia value for me, as my mom used to make homemade custard for me when I was little. The crust was nice and flaky too.

All in all, the whole meal was just OK. Like I said, it's probably just me. As much as I try, I'm not cut out for dim sum.
I decided to try this place out after reading some of the reviews on here. I love dim sum but I don't like waiting for the carts to come around. This was perfect. you order and they bring it to you. The menu is limited but It has everything I like. 

The lady who works there was especially nice to me and with the combination of the food and service I will be back. The cherry on top was my bill today. 15 for a lunch combo and 4 dim sum items with a drink, can't beat that!
5 stars for fresh inexpensive dimsum, minus one star for decor.

It's been a while since we've been back but since it's Chinese New Year, it's worth the trip.  

I was excited to see an expanded menu, especially the Pineapple Bun with Char Siu, which I had asked them repeatedly to add, since it was all the rage in HK and Vancouver.  As far as I know, no other restaurant in the Valley offers it.  There is actually no pineapple - just looks a bit like the outside of one on the top, which is sweet and crunchy, providing great contrast to the savory roasted pork filling.

Everything's as good as I remember with the same ridiculously low prices. Only the Chiu Chow dumpling was disappointing - soggy wrapper with dried out meat filling.  Can't believe this place is not packed to the rafters.  I say ditch the old-fashioned push carts and choose dimsum steamed to order!  Plus they now have picture menus!
I agree with Helen Y.'s take on China Chan. Food is really good, decor is pretty grim.

Ordering cooked-to-order dim sum off of a menu is a real treat. Sure, there's a festive aspect to watching carts roll around and anticipating what's going to be revealed, but that can be tricky. If a place doesn't do a lot of volume, items can sit too long to be really enjoyable. Furthermore, there's the crushing disappointment of seeing something that looks incredible come by after one is already stuffed and helpless.

At China Chan, it's more of a sushi menu process. You look at pictures (if needed) and check off what you want on a printed menu. Small plates start to arrive in about five minutes. 

CC did a nice job with all the standards we ordered: shrimp har gow, siu mai. beef ball, BBQ pork bun, Chinese broccoli, rice noodles... all great. The only misstep was a plate of roast duck that was only so-so, but I had sworn to stick with dumplings and such -- it was mild punishment.

Bonus: China Chan opens at 9:30 on Saturday and Sunday. Dim sum breakfast anyone?
I tried this place out today after reading the reviews here on Yelp.  This is the best Dim Sum I have tried in Phoenix. I split 6 dim sum items with a friend and it was all we could eat.  The chicken wings, shrimp spring rolls, and Chinese broccoli were particularly good. Everything was fresh and hot when it arrived at the table, and delicious! All this cost about $20 plus tip including my ice tea so it was really inexpensive also. Great find as I would never have tried this place without Yelp!
So if you want a dim sum menu, you have to ask for the menu, because they don't give it out automatically.

The dim sum tasted good.  The server  made many helpful recommendations.  The  service was good.

I just can't seem to give this a 4 star rating.... I think it's the environment.  I definitely won't make a special trip for this place.  

The ambiance of the place makes me want to run and hide in a corner.  So yeah.  

If in the area, I'd totally get dim sum to-go from this place.
If not, I'll continue to go to C-Fu for weekday lunches :)
Needs better decor, something to help create some ambiance.  Looks like all the other generic restaurants that have gone into abandoned fast food buildings only this one is sprinkled with kitschy Chinese items.  But the food was good.  Like others have said, you need to ask for the dim sum menu.  The staff was very helpful in making suggestions as to what we should try, maybe a little too helpful, but that's ok.  Was pleasantly surprised by the bill, less than we usually spend when going out to eat
Amanda B organized a UYE for Dim Sum here today.  They do Dim Sum from a menu instead of carts and it works really well.  They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks like me can have a better idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they liked on a prior trip.  We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.  Not all of the staff is fluent in English but I can only recall that being a problem with the tea.  I liked my choices a bit better this time, experience helps, and Marian H was helping me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.

I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom.  The fixtures had a lot of corrosion around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear.  I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed like the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had stuck and the place was indeed flooded.  I beat on the valve with my fist until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water.  I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.

I would definitely go back here again.
Dim Sum, Chapter II

Absent were the bustling carts, leaving a trail of steam and aromas of delicately balanced Asian delights. In its place, a photo-accompanied menu a la sushi style made its way around the table. It was a method that fit China Chan remarkably well.

We were a band of a dozen foodies, converging on China Chan on a Sunday morning. We ordered en masse and our food came out in wave after delicious wave. Everything was delightful.

As the second instalment of UYE: Dim Sum drew to a close, we were satisfied.
In my eyes, China Chan is completely redeemed. Apparently, I suck at picking dim sum dishes - except for the last time. I ordered the fried taro, the baked bbq beef buns, and the Chinese broccoli.

The fried taro were fluffy, crispy balls of delicious starch, and oh-so-good. The baked bbq beef buns were egg-washed puffs of soft dough, filled with sticky-sweet beef.

Unfortunately, I never received my broccoli. So I can't judge that. From what I saw on other folks' tables, it looked damn tasty.
I have only had Dim Sum a handful of times, most of them in Phoenix.  The best was in San Fran China Town.  We went to China Chan because of the reviews on yelp, and we were very happy.  It is by far the best I have had here in Phoenix (that is why I gave it 5 stars).  My favorite Dim Sum selections are on the menu and they taste great!  You can't beat the price!
A few days ago my favorite restaurant blogger, Seth Chadwick, wrote about a dim sum place with a twist - no carts. Instead you check off items on a printed menu, much like those in many sushi places, with an accompanying page of photos of the various dishes. I thought this was a great idea since I've always been intimidated by the servers who push the cart up to your table and try to force unwanted dishes on you.

China Chan is at the Metro Center, a place we seldom go. The freestanding building is unprepossessing, to say the least, as is the interior. A few sad lanterns hang from the ceiling. That's about it for ambience. But the servers are very nice, and those who speak English are happy to make suggestions and give explanations of the various dishes. There are 28 dim sum dishes at $1.80 each including spareribs with black bean sauce, baked BBQ pork buns, and tripe with ginger and scallions. At $2.85 you can get steamed lotus flavor rice, pan fried rice noodles with dried shrimp, and 7 others. Next are those at $3.55; steamed shrimp filled rice noodles, beef tripe, chinese broccoli and shrimp roll steamed rice noodle. Finally, the chef's specials, eight of them, are priced from $5.99 to $8.50. From this last group we chose roast pork and roast duck. We also selected daikon cakes (I know these as turnip cakes) at $1.80. Lastly, from the regular menu we ordered eggplant in garlic sauce. Our waitress, licking her lips, suggested we add beef to the dish and that we pour lots of chili oil on top. 

The roast pork and daikon arrived first. Chunks of moist, slowly roasted pork were generously sprinkled with the cracklings of skin. Decadent. And the portion was huge. The daikon cakes, three large rectangles enough to serve 6 as part of a meal, were the silkiest I've had, with just enough pan fry crust to satisfy. A small bowl of hoisin was served alongside. Then the duck and eggplant were served. The eggplant sauce was quite mild (our server was right about the chili oil) but beautifully flavored and the beef slices were a great addition. Again, the serving was huge. I don't recall how much this cost, but the dishes from the menu are remarkably low priced. The only thing not stellar was the roast duck. The skin wasn't crackly, and there was lots of fat. 

Both menus contained dishes you don't often find, and there were lots of Asian diners, so China Chans felt like the real deal. I suggest you go there with lots of people so you can sample a great variety of dim sum. Give us a call - we're ready to go!!
I love pleasant surprises.  I have to confess, I made fun of this place driving by one time because it looks like a total dive.  I was kind of shocked to get a recommendation from Helen of Sweet Republic Ice cream... if she said it was going to be good, I knew it would be... and it was!  This was a delight.  The wait staff spoke nearly no english (making it even more authentic?), but they were super sweet and went way out of their way to make it great.  I'm still warming up to Dim Sum, so this time we tried some more low key dishes, Sesame Chicken (WOW!) and Chicken Broccoli.  The flavors in the sesame sauce was great, just the right thing for a Tuesday night.  Massive portions. Chow mein as well as rice. Can't wait to go back.  I didn't attempt to verify, but I'm fairly certain there was no MSG. Everything tasted VERY fresh.
I love this place!  Thanks to Yelp I learned of it's existence.  

My wife and I lived in the SF Bay area for 14 years and were pretty spoiled when it came to Chinese cuisine...have tried a few places in the valley and China Chan's dim sum is probably one of the best tasting!  It isn't always pretty, but it tastes great!  You can't beat the prices and the service has always been friendly and timely.  Added bonus is the free Chinese lessons!

Tried one item off the main Chinese language menu and was a little dissapointed, will have to try a few more items to find their "sweet spots " on their menu.  

If your a fan of dim sum without the fanfare, you will like this place!
Super friendly, great service, came in just before they stop serving Dim Sum at 3:00PM on a Saturday and chef was willing to make some for us on short notice.  

A picture menu and ordering of a list like a sushi menu instead of having a cart roll out to you was neat.  And the picture menu really helped out my linner partner.  So we were able to get all the dishes we wanted delivered out to our table in one go which I found convenient.  

The Dim Sum was well executed, not greasy, and the price is right.   I'd rate it about the same level as House of Sifu in Chandler.   But bellow Great Wall or Golden Buda the the other 3 major Dim Sim places in the valley.
I have to say, the dim sum here is phenomenal. I was a little put off by the significant lack of decor but the food definitely made up for it to get 4 glowing stars. We ordered the pork pineapple bun (worked well with the sweet bread and salty pork), cilantro flat rice noodle (lots of cilantro, so good), har gow (large shrimp filling), fried bean curd, curry pastry (wow the indian/chinese spice worked), and jasmine tea. 

All the dishes were nice and fresh since it was straight from the kitchen. No carts used here and it was actually ok. Even better than ok! Initially I thought carts made dim sum fun but now I think about it, I had more time to relax and enjoy the food rather than looking around like a paranoid schizophrenic eyeing a cart to come around. It's like when you go out with friends for Korean bbq and they want to grill the meat on the table because it's new and fun. I usually get stuck with grilling duty so I make sure everyone is happy with their pieces of meat. Sometimes I wish the chef just cooked it in the kitchen so my clothes don't have to stink for the rest of the night and I could enjoy my food without looking paranoid to make sure everyone is getting their meat. 

In sum, China Chan offers fresh, nicely filled, hot dim sum that will not disappoint you. I'm definitely coming back.
This is THE ONLY dim sum place I found in PHX. In Orange County I had no problem finding a good dim sum place but in Phoenix, this is as good as it gets.  Hence the 5 stars.... 

The food is good and well priced... Dim sum is ordered on a menu. Not rolled around in carts so you miss out on that experience.
I definitely recommend the custard filled bun. Anything with Shu Mai is good... I really like the flavor. The sesame seed balls are good too. I love how fresh everything is when they bring it to you.

The dim sum prices are good for the amount you get.

Weekend mornings get crowded so  u better get there early if you have a large party. Wait staff is nice but the English is broken.  Not an issue for me. I do the point and order.
We had a very lovely time here this past Sunday afternoon.  We arrived around 1pm, and were greeted at the door by a very pleasant waiter who immediately asked "Dim Sum"?  
We were seated in a booth and received the usual picture menu along with the pricing receipts for the wait staff?  We ordered hot tea and tried the dim sum, siu mai, pork buns, steamed spare ribs, pot stickers.
The wait staff was very helpful and very kind.  We also ordered some pineapple barbecue pork buns to go.  (There is no pineapple inside we were informed).  They were delicious by the way.  We left there with full bellies for a total of $22 including tip.
The decor is fine (actually the way I would prefer for a Chinese restaurant that has excellent food and service), and the wait staff were quite fluent enough in English for me.  
It was cool and relaxing inside as it was 108 degrees outside that day.
We've already recommended people from L.A. to come here and look forward to our next trip to China Chan.
I'm like Penny Lane x; that I wouldn't have tried this place if it wasn't for YELP!!! - Now, I am a fan; only been there 1 time; but this place has delicious, Singapore Rice Noodles (a entree I seen to judge all dim sum places on) - the portion easier feeds 2-3 people and runs higher than normal dim sum prices (but, it well worth it)...All of the other dim sum items were great that I tried.  Go early, because we got there at 11AM and 15-30 minutes later there was almost no tables/booths left.
= = = = = = THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CHINA CHAN DAILY BUFFET = = = = = =

Dropped in here today with Norm R. & Mike C. to try the new buffet they have going.  There were only 19 items, with all of it good, but nothing outstanding.  (China Garden at 19th Av. & Bell Rd. gets higher ratings with a tiny selection like this by serving exceptional food.)  Also, empty, unused trays laying there in the serving table were a minus.  (Solution:  Bring out more food items!)

Restaurant comfort was ok, & it was inexpensive at $5.99
My brief stint in NYC has given me a bit of the snobbies when it comes to Chinese food.  Now, I'm not adventurous and I can't handle too much spiciness, but I feel as though I'm a pretty good judge of fried rice and some of the basic dishes that no one but me get excited about.  China Chan delivers in both of these areas.

This place started as a fantastic Yelp find and served as a lunchtime hideout for my coworkers and me.  Super cheap and filling lunch specials served by the perky proprietor were our salvation from a crappy workplace.  Since escaping said hellish work environment, I've returned to CC for many a delicious dinner.  They do have delivery, but I've missed the delivery driver's departure a few times so I generally just pick it up myself.  It's pretty sparse on the inside, which is fine when it's daylight and you can look out the windows, but does not make for the best dinner dining room.

If you work in the neighborhood, make sure to stop by for a lunch that won't break the budget and might even send you home with some leftovers.  Now that we're not hiding out there at lunch, we'll open up our space to anyone else who needs some midday goodness.
I had lunch here today with Norm R. and Rand H. the buffet was small and kind of in an weird place ,it was like you had to go behind the service counter to get to the other side of the buffet line. The food here was pretty good though,they had Chinese broccoli ,walnut shrimp,deep fried battered fish, spring rolls that were good and not greasy ,fried chicken which was good and the pork pot pot stickers were very good also.But  they had nothing to satisfy my sweet tooth not even a Chinese donut . I did have a couple of slices of watermelon and honey dew melon which were Ok but I would have prefered some cake and ice cream. Well China Chan restaurant will not make my top ten list , it is still an A OK place and yes i would return.
I had never thought it possible. An actual Dim Sum place that conjures up memories of Chinatown SF? 

No. I must be dreaming. There's no way that I can get succulent Shumai, Steamed BBQ pork buns, Lotus wrapped rice, and fried Sesame Bean Curd balls in Phoenix, Arizona.

Looking back, it did feel like a dream. Everything was right, even the dumpy decor, and (ironically enough), a tv playing the P90X infomercial in the background.  English was poorly spoken, as it should be, and the items are easily identified by pictures on the menu. 

Some oddities stood out, such as tripe, chicken feet, and shark fin, but I will save those for next time. 

We got the typical items, including Chinese sausage buns, egg custard, and  cilantro-wrapped noodles, and it was all tasty. While not the best I've ever had, it was still delicious. Cheap too!

Be adventurous, and go here. I fear that without support, this restaurant will fail due to it's absolutely terrible location.
When I was in Phoenix on business staying over by the Metrocenter, I was craving chinese but didn't want to drive too far since I'm not familiar with the area (and I was exhausted). 

Yelp didn't lead me down the wrong path once again. China Chan was AMAZING!!

My order: War Won Ton Soup (no shrimp) and Veggie Fried Rice. 

War Won Ton Soup = FANTASTIC! The broth wasn't all murky and it wasn't too salty and it was just delish! The wontons weren't mushy, and the meat wasn't grainy. The veggies in the soup were fresh and tasted great. 

Veggie Fried Rice = awesome. It was a MASSIVE portion for only $5.50 and was definitely fresh made. Lots of the same veggies in the soup were in the rice and I was definitely excited. The mark of a great fried rice is that the veggies that are supposed to be crispy are and China Chan hit it spot on. Awesome!

I walked in to order to-go and my order was ready within ten minutes. 

I will definitely keep China Chan in mind when I'm back in Phoenix and craving Chinese food.
7pm. Had a hard time finding the place, but found it. We came in greeted with menus n also were informed of the buffet. Didn't look appeasing, so we ordered from the menu. I ordered the combo: ck/broccoli, fried rice n lo mein. My fren ordered the pk fried rice. Our sever was a young boy, very nice n attentive. Didnt have to ask for refills on our drinks. Meals came quickly. Food was way too salty for my taste buds, couldn't taste any seasoning. Could't get pass the saltiness Cooked with too much soy sauce/brown sauce. BUT I could taste Ginger n sesame oil on my chicken, which was a little much- too funky tasting for me. Tried masking it with hot chili oil. Couldn't finish our meals, left hungry. Loved the lo mien n iced tea. The whole time we were there, no customers. The place needs some updating tho. The service/price were great!
My family and I had a terrible dim sum experience at China Chan on a Thursday afternoon. They were out of practically everything we ordered and what we did end up with was sub-par at best. The service was terrible and to tell you the truth, for what we got this place is overpriced.

Here is a list of what we managed to sample: steamed shrimp & beef rice rolls, shrimp dumplings, bean curd rolls, chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, sweet white sponge cake, egg tarts, cocktail buns, and fried sesame balls. All of these items ranged from barely edible to barely acceptable.

Perhaps China Chan does better on the weekends when there is more dim sum traffic and the food is fresher, but I wouldn't choose to come back here. Out of the 3 dim sum restaurants I have tried in PHX, this one ranks dead last for every reason.
DO NOT EVER GO HERE EVER, CERTAINLY NOT MSG FREE.

DIMSUM TAKES FOREVER.....

MADE MYSELF AND PARTY MEMBERS VOMIT SHORTLY AFTERWARDS. 

it is also a pretty big upset when the waiter speaks zero english. 


HAD A RAPTURE-LEVEL EVACUATION OF MY COLON AFTERWARDS THAT CAN ONLY BE DESCRIBED AS A "THUNDERFURY"
We were looking for a good chinese restaurant in Phoenix that served Dim Sum. This was a unique hole in the wall and probably would not have gone there, but for YELP.   The Dim Sum was pretty good.  Yes, you have to wait, since it is made to order (ie. fresh), but it is better than having it warm when you get it.
Awesome Chinese restaurant been going their for 3 years and the service was the best and some of the best food too.
I've never had their buffet.

But my family and I always enjoy their Dim Sum on Sundays or takeout.  

Also if you want to have the old fashion family style experience take a look at their menu and call ahead for some good Chinese classics.  They even have one of my favorites of bitter mellon and black bean.
Had the buffet, all the food was old, and cold. The tase was not good at all. When some new food was brought out (orange chicken) it was nasty.
Taking away stars from this place. They no longer serve dim sum daily. They now have a buffet that for the most part is rather bland and the presentation is so unappetizing. At least make it look good enough to eat. Dim sum comes out over cooked as if it was just reheated.
As a brand new restaurant at a brand new casino, they did an "ok" job. 

The restaurant itself is attractive, dark inside with a lot of red accents, looks sort of like Tao inside. Comfortable fixtures and groovy serve ware. Chinese food just seems so much better when it comes on square plates! 


The food was pretty good as well... most everything that was ordered tasted good.. For a party of 5 we ordered a bunch of dim sum items which were all very tasty, chinese doughnuts, some fried rice and pho. The big mistake for the group was the pho noodles. Pho needs to be greasy and ghetto, the pho here is upscale and rather un-ghetto. The mango pudding dessert was excellent. 

The service was obviously new as they forgot a few items, but give them a little bit of time and they'll get it together. I'd go back~!

---------------+------------------
2/17/08 edit

So I went back for more. Much improved. Enough to earn the 4th star. Service was excellent this time around and the food was consistent. Nice job
We ate here after the late show of Le Reve and I really enjoyed the food.  First, there are not many restaurants, other than the cafes, open after 11pm.  Jade was more than happy to seat us and we proceeded to order 4 different courses that we shared.  Each one was very tasty and I probably have to say that the black been and beef noodles were the best by far that I have tried in a long time.  The decor is calming with dark red walls and the wait staff was good.  While we were dining there was another customer who walked in, a bit drunk, and proceeded to yell at the waiter and then manager about wanting something unique from the kitchen, that was not on their menu.  Even though she made quite the scene, the staff handled the situation well.  All in all I was impressed and would definitely return.
I really like Jade.  I wouldn't say it's *traditional* dim sum as there are no carts or hard sales on curious looking dumplings - but the dim sum I did order was good.  The crazy thing about Jade is that it's not just Chinese food - they have about every kind of asian food you would like: Chinese, Sushi, Thai - you name it, it's on the menu.  I had a good meal, would have been better had the family at the table next door not decided it was a good idea to change their baby on the bench at their table.  For those of you who think it's cool to change your baby anywhere you are - think again.  It's rude, disgusting and tacky.  Poor baby...
$16 for a bowl of pho?  are you kidding me?

$14 for a bowl of wonton noodle soup?  (insert another angry comment)

$15 for a bowl of beef noodle soup?

someone take me back to monterey park. hacienda heights. roland heights. where i can get all of the above for less that $15, together.

dim sums are whatever.  
seating was easy at 1pm on a saturday (hmm...)

besides the ridonkulus prices, the won ton soup, pho, szechuan beef noodles were all packed with MSG.  but being drunk and hungover makes it all better, i guess.  the dim sum was below par, the service was good and the decor was beautiful and flashy, like all things vegas... on the surface.
Note to self:  find out if the real way to have dim sum is via the menu, or via carts

At Jade...dim sum is ordered through the menu.  I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical about this place, when a friend suggested it.  However, it was really good!  My cousin and I shared the fried rice, and the chicken dumpling noodle soup.  We all shared some bao, and sio mai (sp?).  I don't know if it was because I was starving, or if it was the food, but that was the best chinese food I've had in a while.  

Reservations are probably best with them, as it does get crowded.

The service?  Well...it's typical.  It wouldn't be authentic, if it were otherwise, right?
This place was not very good. It was between here and Tao, & figured since it was in the Palazzo, must be decent & wanted to maybe find a diamond in the rough....didn't happen.

Do Not get the Pho (my mistake in the first place, I had a craving). My girlfriend got the Hong Kong Style Noodles which were so-so, but we could've gone to a cheap Chinese restaurant and gotten so much better. 

This place is a Chinese restaurant w/ less than desireable food for ten times the price. O, & they try to throw some Vietnamese and a few other asian dishes in the mix...my advice: find what you're good at, & stick to that.

Forgot to mention how the service was awful, slow yet impatient, & unpleasant. The large group of asian guys at the table next to us were unhappy as well. I heard them telling the waiter/waitress she got the order wrong, didn't bring out everything they had ordered, brought out wrong dishes, got the bill wrong etc.

Not worth it.
We had the prix fixe menu that was complimentary for my friends bday. This is some really Americanized Chinese food, which is fine if it tasted good, but extures and flavors were not good at all. The sake was was pretty cheap compared to the prices of the food. Maybe the a la carte items are better, who knows. 

Service was good, very attentive. The place looks nice but kind of too sterile, not much character or charm. It was dead when we were there for dinner and too quiet. 

I won't be back to this joint.
It seems that this place is open again!

Noodles with beef and fried rice, can't go wrong.

Nice decor, decent food and prices.

Perfect for a quick bite in between parties or getting ready to go back home.

Cheers!
Hey Yelpers, Sushi Samba is now OPEN.  

Their website still lists it as "opening", but I stayed at the Palazzo this weekend and they were definitely ready for business.  

I didn't eat here because I already made reservations somewhere else, but I LOVE the Sushi Samba in NY.   I'm so happy that there's one closer to Cali, and I'll surely be eating here the next time I make it out to Vegas.
Talk about a hidden gem. This place is nestled deep within the Palazzo shops, but don't let that stop you from going as it is definitely worth the trek. On our recent visit here, we had a variety of sushi and grilled items and everything was excellent. Some highlights: 

shishito - nicely charred, spicy, drizzled with oil and sea salt. Very good. Best shishito I've had.
Organic chicken - a little heavy with the sauce but still a good eat.
Sea Bass - yum! Both the chicken and the sea bass were served on a bed of Peruvian corn, which was very tasty. 
Rainbow Dragon roll - nicely crafted roll of fresh eel and avocado with just the right amount of sauce.
Kanpachi - delicious with lots of wasabi.

For drinks I had the Caipirinha--a Brazilian concoction--which was not only excellent but also a steal at only $10.

I would deduct a star as our staff failed to mentioned certain items were out of stock after we had ordered them, but I realize this place is very new and they're still getting their act together. I'll definitely come back again.

(My rating scale:
5-Outstanding, sets the standard for others. 4-Very good, would bring friends/family here. 3-Decent but wouldn't recommend to others. 2-Disappointing. 1-A waste of everyones' time.)
This is fusion Japanese and South American and it's done well.  Many fusion places taste really weird, but this one was pretty good.  The waiter was a little misinformed.  I bet you he couldn't find Japan or Brazil on a globe.  We tried the toro, tuna, yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos and lemongrass, the kanpachi sashimi plate with truffle oil and sea salt, and the Bobo Brazil roll - beef carpaccio and avocado basically.  Everything was delicious.  

To finish off we tried 2 desserts :  the chocolate banana taquitos that came with chocolate banana filling in a sugar shell that was crunchy and flaky and the hot melted chocolate and churros which were more like skinny crackers than traditional churros. The taquitos were good and the churros wer a rip off. Service was decent.  Ambiance was excellent and at night it turns into a bar / lounge.  The workers were good looking.
Alright, now were getting to the good stuff. 

And by "good" I mean un-fucking-believable. Yea, I said it. Unreal. Never have I wanted to pick up and move to Vegas so much in all of my life, but I'm thinking about it after the dinner I had at Sushisamba's new ultra lounge, Sugarcane. This is an incredible statement for me because for one, I can only take Vegas in small doses, and two, I despise the heat. So having said that you can believe me when I say that I love absolutely everything about Sushisamba, the Brazilian/Peruvian/Japanese fusion restaurant at the Palazzo. 

Where do I begin?

Oh yes, Holy Mary Mother of God, I've died and gone to heaven...

A friend of mine is the Publicist for this new restaurant, as well as the brand spanking new, Sugarcane. She hooked up a dinner reservation for me and some friends so that we could celebrate my good friend's birthday in style. Upon our (late) arrival we were greeted warmly by the wait staff, as they explained to us that our party would be the very first members of the public to sit down to dinner in their brand new ultra lounge. As we walked through the dimly lit hallway, past the DJ booth and dance floor, and into the dining area portion of Sugarcane we were immediately taken back by the overall design concept of the space. I"m gonna do my best to do it justice but I would highly recommend a trip here to experience for yourself because it is just too complex for words...

The walls are covered with graffiti-style murals of Samurais and Japanese script, the dance floor has a canvas like screen that wraps around the circular pods that make up the women's bathrooms (see pics) where they project abstract imagery to coincide with the music playing. The DJ that night was Claudio who I wanted to put in my pocket and take home because the music was just that dope. There are multi-colored glass cylinders that hang from the ceiling and beams of light (see pics) that separate the dance floor from the dining area that change from red to orange to white that create a truly magnificent effect. 

The food and service is on a level that is even harder to explain - it was incredible. Our waiter Anthony took such good care of us we felt as though we were old friends by the time we left. Of course, we were the first to be seated and the last to leave, so I guess if you spend enough time with your waiter (four hours) you begin to feel like family. Our sake sommelier was a hilariously funny girl (I forgot her name) and very helpful and knowledgeable when describing our sake selections. We ended up choosing a bottle with gold leaf cherry blossoms there were supposedly good luck if you found them floating in your drink. 

Our table decided to order the signature Sushisamba 7-course Omakase ($70 per person) as our dinner selection. Anthony asked us if we had any food allergies or other special requests before going back to the kitchen to get our party started. Our first course was a selection of appetizers (see pics) which included the Kobe beef carpaccio with wild mushrooms, seared ahi tuna on a tiny bed of spinach, and (my favorite) tiny ceviche fish tacos with a chili foam sauce that was AMAZING! Next up was the best snow crab I have ever tasted, filet mignon, duck, Chilan Sea Bass (unreal), grilled tomatoes, fish jowel (I forget what kind) and the most beautiful sashimi plate I've ever seen/tasted. Just when we thought we couldn't eat any more came the sushi course. A stand out roll was the Kobe beef wrapped roll with (from what I can remember) a spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado center. As we sat back in our booth contemplating exactly how we were planning on walking out of there, Anthony presented the birthday girl with an incredible chocolate fondue plate (see pics) complete with Japanese-style sesame rice krispies, Japanese cake, homemade marshmallows, and a selection of fruit. There were also mini fruit tacos with both mango and banana, with a chocolate mousse and caramel topping. 

Do you see what I'm talking about?????

Here's the rundown....

Party of four:
First round of cocktails (on the house)
Several cocktails to follow
Bottle of premium sake
7- course Omakase dinner for four ($70 each)
After dinner cocktails
Divine dessert platter

Total bill: Approx $600

Not bad I'd say. Not bad at all. 

All in all, I plan to go back to visit several times over. Anyone who stumbles upon this place should consider themselves lucky to be in the presence of such foodie excellence. This dinner made our entire trip, and made for a very, very happy birthday girl. 

Sushisamba: the wait staff, the owner, the managers, the DJ. You rock my rock-n-roll world.
I was worried about eating at a brand new chain on the strip. I expected to overpay for the quality of food, and get a ton of attitude from the staff. I was pleasantly surprised. 

My friend and I decided to go with the $80 Omasake (yes they spell it funny) tasting menu. We asked what was on it, and the waiter said he'd just pick out food around our budget and requests. This seemed odd, but we went with it. We told him we eat everything and to surprise us. I'm trying to remember everything we got, but I'm sure I'm forgetting some things: 

Edamame/Tempura Green beans/roasted peppers: WOW, one of my fav dishes. Everything was salty and delicious, and the sauce that came with it was to die for. Get this for $16.. yes.. it sounds pricey, but trust me, just get it. 

Yellowtail sashimi.. seemed to be in a red pepper preparation? Fresh, delicious, and tasty

Yellowtail taco.. delicious, but be warned it's messy! 

Shrimp mango ceviche.. very good, large portion. 

Steak and asparagus tempura.. steak was good, but not as jaw dropping as the fish honestly.

Sushi rolls: spider roll, neo tokyo, and I wish I could remember the name of the last one, but it was incredible and had crab meat. I am not a spicy tuna girl.. usually the meat isn't fresh and the sauce is too goopy. This was the most incredible and fresh spicy tuna I've ever had. 


The fondue dessert was awesome! very fun and tons of different stuff to dip in. 

Overall an awesome experience and staff was great.. fresh chopsticks/plates/soy sauce bowls after every couple courses.
My boss and I had an iffy business trip in Las Vegas but we were so glad we stopped by sushisamba for brunch. Brunch you say? yes, I was thinking the same thing. I work at a magazine and if I wasn't a food snob already, eating with my boss is gradually making me one. Their brunch was a wonderful surprise! We started with freshly squeezed juice. I ordered a blueberry/strawberry/banana combo. You can mix three juices in one. My boss also ordered her own combination. The brunch is family style and up to 4 dishes for $23 each person. If you have a bigger party, the servings will be larger. We ordered Eggs Any Style, Smoked Salmon Platter, Assorted Pastries and Bread and either the el topo tamago roll or the sunday samba roll.  We ate them all up. My boss even ordered a cappucino before our drive back to LA. They have locations in Chicago and NYC as well. The menu looks the same out there too. Yum, what a great finale! The waiters and manager were wonderful. They all stopped by to see how we were doing. It was a beautiful fusion of Peruvian and Japanese food. I was expecting to just eat sushi and a bento meal for brunch! So good!
I fell in love with sushi samba a few years back in new york, so I had to check out the LV location. This time around it was just as good, if not better. I love the lively ambiance, and the service is wonderful. We decided to get the Omakase, and my favorite had to be the Chilean Sea Bass served with peruvian corn.  SOOOOO good.  Another favorite was the yellowtail taquitos. They're small but very delicious. The oysters and king crab legs were extremely fresh, and we also had a plate of sashimi in various sauces. The sauces were all citrusy (i.e. yuzu) and weren't for my taste but good nonetheless. 
One drawback: too full for dessert.
I was really excited about coming here after reading some of these reviews. This is gonna be a long one, please hang in there. 

Reading about the Omakase experiences was what got me interested. I'll spare you the details on the interior. (Aunny D. explained it perfectly) The place is just fricken nice, beautifully decorated and the perfect hang out spot. They hired very attractive hostesses that were extremely friendly. The service we received from our waiter and the staff was simply awesome. 

Now for the food.....

We had a party of 5 and our original plan was to order both Traditional Omakase($100) and the Sushi Samba Omakase ($80). After going through the menu, we decided to order up a variety of items rather than go with the Omakase. This way, you end up getting food that would be in the Omakase anyway, more food (Omakase 7 -course), and for less. 

"Small Plates" and "seviches & tiraditos"  (Graded A to F)

Tuna Tataki  - (C+) Chef overuses tatsoi that practically kills the dish

Seared Kobe Beef -(F) Just not worth it. Mushrooms overwhelms it

Chicharron de Calamar - (A) Excellent and generous amount!

Sashimi Seviches - (B) grapefruit juice, jalapeo, almond + 
passionfruit,  cucumber, cilantro 

Sashimi Tiraditos - (D) Yellowtail jalapeo and lemongrass + Salmon orange and mustard miso

Sushi is obviously the trendy thing to have on a restaurants menu. Sushi Samba serves up some of the most below average sashimi and sushi. For $33, we had the Samba Sushi and Sashimi combo. The sashimi was nice and thick.  Both Salmon and Yellowtail were quite good, but the tuna was poorly prepared and lacked any freshness. The sushi was a complete joke. You get a small wafer thin slice of sashimi on a rabbit dropping sized glob of rice. Most Japanese restaurants, for any combo sushi plate, give you two pieces each - tuna, salmon, and yellowtail. Sushi Samba gives you ONE. My whole table thought this was a complete joke and ripoff. It doesnt end here....we ordered 4 different rolls. Guess what? They're all puny and only have 4 pieces averaging $10-$20 each. We also ordered the 5 hand roll special ($28) which was okay, but the soy wrap just doesnt work. 

Now here's how we felt that the chefs were completely LAZY or inexperienced. The sushi rice had no vinegar flavor and that is a must for sushi rice. Plus, they used old rice because we had some hard dried pieces in our rolls. Overall, I would not waste any money on sushi here. It's a complete insult to customers. 

Our final dish was the 5 Meat churrasco: grilled hanger steak, ribeye, pork tenderloin, chorizo, lingia with malagueta pepper oil and chimichurri.  - This dish was fantastic. The meat, cooked medium, was tender and juicy. (A+)

Now, we had a total of about 16-17 items of various things off the menu. More than double than what you'll get in a Omakase.  We had about 5 bottles of Japanese beers. Our cost  per person was $92 with tax and tip included. (5 people) 

I would love to come back just for the atmosphere and the churrasco. Its simply a cool place to hang out and drink. DONT come here for the Japanese food. Go to a real Japanese restaurant for the Omakase. Just seeing how the sushi, sashimi, and rolls are prepared makes me question the chef's experience in preparing a true Omakase.  

If you actually read this whole thing. Thanks!
I had their brunch menu and I wasn't too excited about it.  Pictures does say a thousand words but it doesn't describe the taste of the food.  That being said, their food presentation is awesome but food is only so-so.  The steak and eggs is more on the salty side and the best thing on the plate was the onion rings.  Their eggs benedict replaces the ham with smoked salmon.  I was imaging the smoked salmon as thick as the canadian ham but boy was I wrong.  The paper thin slice of smoked salmon just blended in with the slice of toast.  My napkin was thicker than the smoked salmon.  

I did enjoy the ambience of the place, they had cool drawings all over their walls, like some brazilian ninja went in there one night and tagged up the place.
Brazilian and sushi mixed together?  I figured it was worth a try.  First thing guys is the scene.  If being surrounded by a room full of beautiful women is not appealing to you, then by all means you should bypass Sushi Samba.  I think I had flashes of falling in love a half dozen times.  

On to the food... I started out with the robata grill yellowtail.  It was not what I had expected.  Basically I got a charred piece of fish that I had to pick through the bones of, which isn't easy to do with chopsticks.  I wouldn't say the robata grill was a disaster, but I wouldn't order it again.  To the rescue came a plate of the tuna takati.  This was an exceptionally flavorful small plate, and I do mean small.  I think it was 5 small slices of tuna.  A couple of more slices of tuna would have been nice, but the flavor was exceptional.  The topper to the meal was the BoBo Brazil roll.  This roll is something you'd want to photograph before you eat.  The flavor was very good.  I liked the kobe beef on the outside of the roll both for the flavor and the appearance.  Really a very good roll.
Waiting for my friends at the bar located near their entrance, I had a good feeling about this place.  It had all the bells and whistles of a nice upscale restaurant with a friendly bartender to start.  Unfortunately my good feeling about this place was short lived as our party was seated.

Our reservation was for 9:15 PM Sunday night.  We didn't get seated until 9:45 PM despite having our whole party there by 9:00 PM.  I didn't care too much for this considering the place was moderately busy on a holiday weekend, and we weren't on a strict schedule.  So I let this roll easily off my back.

As we were seated, we were greeted by our waiter who was terribly unenthusiastic about his job.  He was considerate about asking  for food allergies.  Beyond that, all levels of consideration or customer service for that matter stopped there.  Granted, he warned us that our food would come out infrequently, but little did we know it would delay our dinner by over an hour.  A little honesty would have been greatly appreciated.  It took forever for most of our food to come out.  We didn't have utensils or place settings even after our food was delivered.  My friend even asked for the manager, to complain about our horrible service, or lack thereof.  The manager's response was something like: "Things are are a bit backed-up, we'll give you free dessert."  Now, I don't care how backed-up your kitchen is... that's still no excuse for horrible and incompetent service!  Dessert only puts a band-aid on a broken arm... why the hell do restaurant managers  do this?  We are not looking to get something free, we just want to make sure they get their act together... and fast!

Our original waiter rarely came to our table after we ordered our food.  Another waitress came to our aid who was very helpful and attentive to our needs.  She was very friendly and courteous, it's unfortunate she wasn't our original waiter because this review would've been completely different.

Our unpleasant waiter did the weirdest thing.  As my friend was talking to the manager, being very open about our waiters horrible service, our waiter stood by our table as he refolded all our used napkins, tossing them onto our table.  Yes, our used clothe napkins.  Who does that?  In front of a party that is pretty disgusted by you no less.  It seemed as if he knew he was already in hot water and didn't give a rats-ass about making up for it.  In addition, he circled the portion of our bill they decided to discount for the unsatisfied service in a stuck-up negative manner.  In hind site, my friend said we should have taken that same pen, in front of our waiter, and scratched out his tip!  Of course, we're better than that.

The food is the only reason why this place is not getting a single star. The food was actually quite good with a variety of unique asian-fusion plates.  I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki (exotic right?) which was much more than I bargained for.  For such a simple dish, it had a variety of unique flavors with a side of extras that complimented each bite.  My friends ordered an array of food that looked just as good, and was commented on just the same.

For me, customer service will make or break any experience, no matter how good the food is.  In this case, their service failed horribly.  Our party ended up with a waiter that was a few cans short of a six pack regarding personality, who would probably fare better as a Chippendale's greeter than a restaurant waiter.  I hope management recognizes this and hires waiters that are actually qualified to interact with human beings.
One thing I'm a stickler for is definitely Brazillian food. I know my Brazillian from having an ex and bf who introduced me to it. I can cook it most definitely. I was at Sushi Samba for a party and they had passed apps which were great. Great sushi, great crab cakes, awesome skewers of beef...But mind you passed apps. 
The drinks....amazing. As far as the Samba Juice. This is the only place in town I know that mixes with Acai berrys. Which give a unique chocolate hint to a blueberry flavor. Definitely high in antioxidents.
But I came here for brunch with a friend. 
Now I sat at the bar and we ordered drinks. She ordered the Pomelo...but they didnt't have any. So then the Cucumber. I had the Samba Juice again. I decided to order Churros because I LOVE HOME MADE CHURROS. Too bad I didn't get them. Grrr they took forever. I also ordered food to go. Feijoada, chorizo, linguisa(kinda portuguese sausage) and some peruvian corn which is like giant hominy. 
Well the order was wrong because I ordered sides and  he asked me how I wanted my eggs. The bartender was really slow. I asked him some questions on why he was shaking a certain way and he said it was because they put egg whites in the drink. I explained a different method on how to make the drink that he won't tire himself out and he said "No it's better my method" LOL I asked him where he worked before and he said..."Grand Lux Cafe" Yea Nuff said. I didn't introduce myself to him because he was too hard headed in knowing what was right and wrong. So he fcked up my order, returned the Churros when I asked him for it to go, and then he stiffs me on eggs on the bill. Yea I'm gonna order from the table next time. I think brunch is for rookies. 
The Feijoada was very....thick....the Chorizo and Linguisa with Hominy was delicious. They don't make it home made but they get it in Cali from this spanish place I know. 
Over all drinks are good. But I guess the staff being not so bueno made me drop the score down a lil.
On a hot Vegas weekend stay, my bf and I limited our dining choices to the Venetian and Palazzo (conveniently connected).  We stopped in for lunch without reservations or doing any prior research, except for the two minutes at the entrance perusing the menu.  They had only been open three weeks, so the staff seemed very eager to bring in any and all people.  Our server was extremely friendly, trying her best to make us comfortable and answer any questions.  I think she was Asian, but she said she grew up in somewhere in South America, and had an indiscernible accent.  She made everything on the menu sound tasty, but we were only looking for a light lunch.  I had the samba blt which was had yummy chunks of lobster, a bit of mayo heat and applewood smoked bacon.  It came with a side of fingerling potatoes with a sprinkling of some kind of cheese on top, which is called "fries" on the menu.  The pickles, I did not like - too tart.  I tried everything on my bf's anticuchos combination bento.  The box usually comes with chicken, beef and shrimp, but he requested the shrimp be switched out for the miso sea bass.  Its sweetness is best taken in small quantities, such as one skewer.  I liked it, but it is probably too sweet for some.  The tuna roll was acceptable.  It's incredibly dark inside, which makes the bright mall atmosphere outside all the more apparent.  I'd like to return for lunch, because I could envision this place being a too much like a noisy nightclub for dinner.
it was pretty easy for us to make a reservation for 5 of us on a friday night at 8:45pm.  we were late and they still seated us within minutes of us getting there.  the place was crowded.  decor was kinda crazy and colorful.  our waitress was little out of it but it didnt ruin the experience too much.

we ordered a bottle of riesling and they even had the sommelier come and help us a choose a riesling that was less sweet.  but it was still really sweet.  i dont know what the deal was with that.  then we ordered another bottle of beer and she opened another bottle of wine.  

the portions were small.  the sushi rolls seemed tiny to me.  the ceviche sampler was good but the waitress explained them wrong.  scallop and mushroom robata were good too.  miso cod was good.  in general portions were on the small side. i wouldnt actually call their dishes fusion.  their menu was fusion.  with dishes coming from japan, peru, and brazil.  but one dish with the different influences?  not really

the light that was supposed be shining on our table was facing the wrong way so it was super dark.  we counldt see anything.  asked to have it brighter.  waitress forgot.  but then she remembered.  then there was light.
Modern chic fusion restaurant in the new Palazzo Hotel, featuring Brazilian and Japanese food. The interior much reminded me of Social House in Treasure Island, dark and swanky. The small plates are meant for sharing, but the tab adds up quick. The server proclaimed their sake menu as the largest in the country, but unfortunately we didn't get to try any.

We had the assortment of four sashimi which were nice and fresh with delicate flavors. My favorite was the tuna with granny smith apple, serrano, and lime.

The hamachi kama (yellowtail cheek) was as good as I've had, but missing the grated daikon that it traditionally comes with.

Chicken liver anticuchos (two skewers served over peruvian corn) were very livery. I expected them to be only lightly livery, like my favorite Pho Ga place serves up, not sure if it's due to the prep or the grade of liver or what.

We also tried a couple rolls, the Neo Tokyo with yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca. I liked this one more than the BoBo Brazil with seared kobe beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri. The kobe beef looked raw rather than seared, maybe seared would have brought out the flavors a bit. Both rolls were pretty good though.

The standout of the meal was the Berkshire Pork Belly butterscotch miso, which was meltingly tender, with a subtle sweetness contrasting the richness of the luscious pork.

We also tried the little tiny crabs we saw in an ad, Sawagani, which are flash fried japanese river crabs. These were literally tiny, and the small bite had a texture like an egg shell, with a flavor best described as a subtle fish sauce.

Come here if you have an appetite for a variety of small bites with delicate but well thought out flavors.
I agree with the reviews below, they did a great job of explaining the menu in more detail than I could.  Gave this place 4 stars for originality of food and drinks, and the atmosphere.  It was not too dark, not too bright, with artsy decor on the walls and different pictures rotating on projection screens (NOT PG rated, BTW, I saw a breast or two flash by, though there were nice scenic pics in there too.)  They have a club/lounge in the back of the restaurant, which was recommended to us by a Dior employee at Caesars mall, he said it was a mix of hip hop music and some other music, he went on a Saturday.  However, we weren't able to go since it's not open on Sundays.

Me and two other girlfriends of mine went here late on a Sunday nite (sat 10 pm?) and there was no wait.  Not that this matters, but an added bonus was that our waiter was HOT!  hehe.  Anyways, the menu had a lot of things that I had never heard of before, so if you're not used to Brazilian / Peruvian / Japanese food then the staff should be able to explain it all to you before you order.

We ordered the tuna ceviche and shrimp ceviche for appetizers (see reviews below for details of the dishes I talk about here).  Both excellent, and fresh, and a decent-sized portion (about a cereal bowl full), but pricey at around $15-17 each.  We also ordered spicy tuna rolls, which were excellent (the tuna practically melted in our mouths) as well as the BoBoBrazil roll, which Mr. Hottie Waiter recommended - slices of Kobe Beef atop a roll with a bunch of good stuff in it that I didn't know (sorry to all you food buffs!).  I think it was a mix of onions?  Both very good.

As far as cocktails, I would definitely recommend the Chu-Cucumber cocktail.  I think that's the name of it.  Again, Mr. Hottie Waiter recommended this, which I decided to try even though it didn't sound good at first.  It was surprisingly refreshing!  It has some sort of Japanese liquor in it, which supposedly had a lite Vodka flavor, as well as Roseflower and cucumber.  I ended up having two of these (they were in a martini glass), and the third having substituted the original liquor for Gin, as a recommendation by the bartender, which had a stronger alcohol taste to it.  One of my friends tried the Samba Juice cocktail, which she said was good and tasted a little like sangria.

Overall, great atmosphere, a bit pricey, but original food that you wouldn't find at your regular sushi restaurant.  I would definitely try this place at least once on a trip to Vegas!  Hopefully I'll get to check out the lounge next time!
My friends and I were staying at the Palazzo and I thought to try Sushisamba for my sister's bachelorette dinner.  We made reservations at 10:15pm and upon arrival the bar area and the dining area looked pretty full.  

The decor was dark and interesting, with black and white classic Japanese films airing on a large big screen and some classy art/anime con another wall.  My friend and I had a discussion about how we appreciated the scene.    

Their menu features a wide array of items: small platters, appertizers, large platters, sushi.   I checked out their menu from the Palazzo website prior so I knew what prices to expect.  We started off with a bottle of sake - they have a pretty extensive sake list - and the price was reasonable for a bottle of sake.  

I had ordered the rock fish ($29) and it was prepared very elegantly and was also very very delicious -sweet and moist.  I let my friends sample my dish and everyone really enjoyed it. 2 of my friends ordered the teriyaki chicken ($25) and it wasn't your typical chicken teriyaki - the chicken was served with the bone in and was accompanied with purple mashed potatoes.  I think this was probably my favorite chicken teriyaki dish I have sampled before and the others agreed.  Others at the table ordered sushi, ramen, fries, etc.  There were 9 of us and out of the group, it impressed 3 of us (1 person was myself).  I appreciate good quality food and I thought the prices were reasonable - it is Las Vegas and it is a trendy restaurant in the Palazzo so it's expectable for the prices of cuisine.  Most restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip are usually typically pricey for the amount of food you receive anyway.  I typically like upscale restaurants.  On the other hand, the other girls at the table complained of hunger and that it was expensive.  They didn't agree that ramen for $18 was worth it - they are used to $5 ramen at a no-thrills restautant.  Yes it is only ramen, but it had a delicate lemon grass flavor, it was a decent size, and it is generally a good price for an upscale restaurant.  So this review offers insight for 2 different perspectives.  It was light fare, but perfect for going out to clubs after.  

Service was superb.  Our waiter served us well; had friendly casual discussions periodically, and offered to take us into Sugarcane - the club.lounge attached to the restaurant.  Granted, the club/lounge was empty and only had 2 people dancing, it was a nice gesture and this review is solely based on the restaurant.  

If you appreciate upscale quality food that emerges to be different and unique in a chic environment try Sushisamba :)
I agree with an early reviewer that Sushi Samba is a pretty nice date place.  The first time I went to Sushi Samba was back in early August, and my date and I tried the calamari appetizer with plantains and that was tasty.  The big hit of the night though were my Nina Fresa cocktails and the chocolate fondue.  They were absolutely fabulous! The Nina Fresa cocktails were nice and fruity and gave me a helluva buzz. ;)

I enjoyed the ambiance of Sushi Samba so much that I went a second time with my girls during Labor Day Weekend and we were seated in the dining area that later transformed into SugarCane Boutique Lounge after 11 pm.  Our sexy Latin waiter, Jaiver, was very nice and oh-so-hot too! He was very helpful in explaining to us about the different dishes.  For appetizer, we went with Tuna Tataki which was melt in your mouth good! Then, for entree, we tried the Brazilian Churrasco, which was very good too, particularly the dipping sauces that went with the meats.  Oh yes, we also ordered the Cocktail Tree which was awesome! All in all, Sushi Samba was very nice.  I also love the Brazilian/Latin infused house music that played while we were dining.  I would definitely go back again!
Having been to the ones in NYC many times over, I was excited that this place had finally opened and it didn't disappoint at all!  We were on the fence on doing the omakase..the waiter was nice enough to offer his own kinda of omakase which would've taken less time.  He said if we went the chef's route that dinner would be over 2 hours.  But alas we went w/ a bunch of different rolls instead.  I can't remember the names off the top of my head but I favs were definitely the toro roll ($25) and the raw thinly sliced kobe beef roll.   I'd like to go back here w/ a group of people.
Having been to their Sister Establishments; China Grill Co, I had high expectation for this place.  I am a huge fan of Asian Fusion anything.  I would give this place 5 except for the small tables we were sat at.

This place was extremely busy with your traditional lounge down tempo music playing.  It has a huge projector screen displaying various images of sport or anime.  We made RSVP and got seated within 10 minutes.  

Here we go, the host sat us right by the server isle between the entrance and the kitchen, not impress and not off to a good start.  After getting bumped several times I asked to be moved.  Then they moved us to a table that was so close to another couple that we might as well been sharing the bill.  There was no room to move.  I told my girl to wash her hands first before sitting down because we have to pull the table out and asked the people on both side to excuse us.  So far, even worse start.  

Now the food, we were told that the portions are small, so be prepared to order a lot and to damage the AMEX.  We asked for some recommendation from our server whom by the way was absolutely excellent and was there for everything we need.  He even apologized for the tomato can seating we were in.  We ordered the Tuna Taquitos which was unique with taste and textured - 5.00 per pc.  We had the Yellow Tail Carpaccio with yellow sauce - 18.00 for 5 pcs and worth every penny. I had the Filet Mignon,small and pricey but again worth it.  Jennifer had the Sea Bass, again soft and unique flavors, we also had the lamb chop from the Robata and it is the best lamb chop I had recently.  We also had a few rolls as well, small but delicious.  For desserts we had the Donut Holes dipped in melting chocolate.  Again,the great taste!!!  

The service is impeccable, even with small tables, the drinks were unique a bit soft, but the flavors were remarkable.  The portions are extremely small, but again, the taste are unique - Japanese with Brazilian.  The table next to us were from Europe (whom thought this place was as of value, I guest that what happens when you get a Euro into a dollar; instant discount) recommend we try the sampler menu - 80.00 per person but 7 courses. The server did too.  The next time we will since we did spend over 200.00 there.  

Sushi Samba is now my top 5 places to eat at, we can't wait to go back there in a few months.
The quality of the sushi was decent and the staff was nice - but my biggest complaint was the fact that they wouldn't accommodate my request to turn their King Crab California Roll into a Rainbow Roll...I mean seriously, that is such a simple change.  They told me the kitchen didn't like special requests like that.  Stupid!!
This is my first time writing a review.  But I really thought everyone should know how great this place was.  We recently went to the restaurant for my husband's 40th birthday party. We had a group of twelve people.   Let  me just say the food was fabulous and the service was even better.

The manager was great from beginning to end.  The servers were great.  We asked one to take a picture and he made sure we got a great picture and took several shots at different angles.  The manager set us up with a omakase type of meal.  It was like everyone at the table was saying......THE BEST MEAL THEY HAVE EVER HAD.   Let me tell you we have all  had Nobu , social house   etc.   What we particularly  liked wasoo the variety.   We had all the flavors of the world at our table.   The portions were tremendous....   we had so much left over.   We even had a custom made cake - let me tell you it was the bomb......       (and I don't even like cake). They also made sure all the food came out in a timely manner so we could make it to our show on time.............     I am not easily impressed but these peple really impressed me with the food and the GREAT SERVICE.     YOU SHOULD TRY IT......
Did you know Brazil has the largest Japanese population outside of Japan? So while Japanese-Brazilian shouldn't be considered fusion per se, they turned it into fusion. Because in my mind, fusion isn't just east meets west, it's combining two things that people normally don't eat together. Example: people eat Vietnamese sandwiches, pork pate, daikon radish, and carrots in French baguettes, all the time. But people normally don't eat duck and hoisin sauce on a pizza. Bahn mi = food.  CPK's peking duck pizza = fusion. Fusion in LA it means modern furniture, mood lighting, double the prices, and an A rating.  In LV, it means pretty much the same thing, only triple the prices because hey, we're on the strip.

Anyhoo, the sea bass was absolutely delicious. Totally a last-meal-on-earth worthy dish. DELICOUS. Perfectly glazed and fresh. It's so good that I can't even wax poetic on how good it is. I just want to sit and savor the memory of how good it was...

MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM....

Okay, I'm done with that. But you know what isn't so good? The sake. Supposedly they have the most extensive sake list EVAR. But to me, sake is my version of beer. It goes great with edamame and bad sake is equivalent to bad beer in that it really isn't all that bad. Haha. On the other hand, bad wine is BAD. And undrinkable. But bad sake is always drinkable!

So they don't serve hot sake here because heat is used to mask how bad the sake is. This may be true, but my theory is that Asians don't usually drink cold beverages. Asians drink tea! Hot tea usually. And thus, I like to drink hot things. Like hot sake! But Sushi Samba is all "we don't serve hot sake because we only serve superior sake which is best enjoyed cold and you're a plebian for wanting it hot." And so we paid $30 for a teeny bottle of the cheapest sake. Best part was, when they brought it out and B saw the label, he's like "we could have picked this up at Ranch 99!"
 
Also didn't like how tables were squished together. I could have eaten off my neighbor's sushi plate without having to lean over. 

So those are my pros and cons. The Palazzo concierge actually told us that Sushi Samba is much better than Tao which has been skating by on it's name. So I recommend eating at Sushi Samba, then scootin' on over to Tao to dance off the sake.

EDIT: went here again and had every kind of sushi and sashimi and the sea bass. The sea bass was as orgasmic as I remembered it. Everything else was forgettable if it weren't for the astronomically high prices. Skip everything but the sea bass. LOVE.

But they were cool enough to let us bring in our water bottles, so they deserve props for that. They didn't have to be so cool about it.
room is about a decade dated and the presence of the mall never is quite left behind.

the food was way overpriced and way derivative of nobu.  both south american-japanese fusion, but nobu BLOWS THIS PLACE OUT OF THE WATER!

the food wasn't awful, but the server had an alternative suggestion for EVERY ITEM WE ORDERED.  annoying, especially when every alternative suggestion was an item among the most expensive items on an already overpriced menu.  he kept pushing these roasted mini-corns and said he'd take them off the bill if we didn't love them.  well  we didn't, and he didn't.

this place encapsulates every stupid thing about vegas restaurants.  great, server dude!  you upsold us on some items and promised some things that you didn't back up and padded our bill an extra $50!  good for you!  except instead of my usual 20 plus percent tip you get 14!  and i will never return to your hellhole of a ripoff of a monstrosity of an abortion of a restaurant!  suck on that, sushi samba!
This place is sooo good. They have a really nice atmosphere. My friend placed reservation here for my birthday. We got there perfect timing. The waitress and manager are so friendly. Service is really good here. Now the food, just great. We got the appetizer with salted bean, tempera bean, and grilled jalapeno. The beans taste good. The jalapeno wasn't spicy, but had a very sourish/"pickle" taste. It's different. We ordered a samba roll. That was really good. Crunchy, tasteful, and delicious. We ordered the tiger shrimp and sea bass. Both came with peruvian corn. It was my first time having peruvian corn. It is good. It's chewy and reminds me of "sticky" corn but larger size. The sea bass was very good. The meat was soft and sweet and melts in your mouth. It had a teriyaki flavor I thought. The shrimps was very good too. Both tasted very fresh, especially the shrimp. It smells like the ocean. We also ordered fried calamari. The calamari has a tangy sauce poured on top with mixture vegetable including good tomatoes and sweet plantains. They brought out warm banana chocolate cake for me. The dessert is delicious. Ice cream and a crunchy chocolate piece on top of warm chocolate cake in syrup with couple strip of fried banana. Just delicious. All the food were brought out in a very good presentation. The dishes are pricey. But if you want to eat fresh and good quality food, you should come to this place.
Thanks to Opentable.com I was able to make table reservations for our group of 9. Customer service was everything you could ask for in an upscale restaurant such as Sushisamba; they were attentive with all of our requests and the wine list they offered was rather impressive. The atmosphere was the best part of the experience - from the contemporary jazz playing in the background to the modern paintings and portraits decorating the room I would have to highly recommend this restaurant for any sushi lover for tourist for that matter.
Sushi Samba has been a hit or miss with yelpers, and here's my chance to check them out!  Featuring a special "Election Day Menu" with specialty cocktails and cheap appetizers, it was a perfect opportunity!

Drinks on the menu:
* Obamarama (blue) for $11 "Svedka Citron, blue curacao apple liqueur, guava, blueberry" - Really good the first time around. Pleasant to look at and just tasty-good.  The guys and gals enjoyed this drink.  The second time I ordered it, there was way too much alcohol though, and not in a good way.  A good cocktail should be enjoyable to drink; I passed the second one off.

* Maverick (red) for $11 "Pearl Vodka, freshly muddled strawberries, orange liqueur, lime, guava" - Served in a martini glass, so a bit more delicate to drink.  Pretty tasty as well. I enjoyed it.

Bites to eat:
* Shishito Peppers ($2) "grilled spicy peppers, sea salt and lemon" - They give you a bunch of these peppers on a plate, and it was okay for me.  I tried one and found that to be good enough.  Didn't really care for more.

* Organic Chicken Aji Amarillo Anticucho ($2) - I found the chicken to be okay, but really enjoyed the Peruvian corn that came with the dish.  That was the best part of it.  Our order had one skewer of chicken, but the party next to us had two? Hmm... 

* Spicy Crunchy Tuna Roll ($3) - Really good roll!  I liked this a lot and ordered myself another.  I like how they do their spicy sauce here; it's more mayonnaise-based.  And the slight crunch is nice too.

* Salmon Avocado Roll ($3) - Pretty simple roll with just salmon and avocado.  But it was fresh fish and good.  I'm sad I didn't order more.

* Mini Chicharron de Calamar ($3) "cornmeal crusted calamari with tamarind sauce, tomato salsa & plantain" - Our friend's order came out soggy, so they thought it was gross.  Ours had a better crunch on it, so it tasted better.  It wasn't particularly exceptional, it was okay.  I don't remember any plantain in my dish though.  

* Japanese Chicken Wings ($4) "teriyaki and sesame" - It's hard to go wrong with teriyaki chicken wings, right?  Good, but messy.

* Chilled Oyster Sampler ($4) "ponzu jelly & tobiko with three oysters" - Really fresh oysters with an interesting ponzu jelly.  We were supposed to get another order before we left, so I missed out on more!  Next time!

* Mini Yellowtail Seviche ($4) "ginger garlic and soy" - Reminded me of Hawaiian poke with the dressing.  It was good with the red onions mixed in there, more poke-like than ceviche-like though.

* Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos ($4) "shiso, avocado, roasted corn miso and spicy aji panca sauce" " Two different sauces to put over the taquitos, and it was good.  Very messy though as it broke apart after the first bite and was dripping all over my hands.  Our order came with two taquitos, but when our friend ordered it, he only got one!

* Rosca ($9) "homemade doughnuts with hazelnut chocolate dipping sauce" " Recommended by our bartender/waitress as her favorite dessert.  Four doughnut holes arrived and they were just okay.  Disappointing for us, and we wished we had chosen another dessert instead.

We spent the whole time at the bar because there was standing room only at this event.  So, the girl making our drinks also served us.  She was busy but tried her best to make our drinks were full and our orders were in.  (Our drinks were good for the most part except for that second Obamarama we ordered.  But hey, some people like more alcohol in their cocktails!)  I had a bigger problem with the kitchen output and their consistency.  With certain orders coming out, sometimes you got two of something and other times you got one.  Our friend mentioned that we got more sushi in our order than when he ordered it.  (Makes you wonder what happened to the other pieces.)

Overall, we had a decent experience at Sushi Samba.  You definitely can't beat the price and the atmosphere is casual, which is nice alternative at a strip hotel.

3.5 stars.

They also offer a happy hour (Sunday through Thursday from 4 to 7 pm, and then a reverse happy hour from 10 pm to close), available in the bar area only.

(Pics posted, of course!)
In reality, the food and atmosphere of Sushi Samba warrants a 4 star review, however, our server Mike was so fantastic he earned that 5th star. 

I'm a big fan of Latin/Asian fusion which, at first mention, confuses most people. Trust me folks, it works. Here the specific Latin influence is South American. Our group ordered a mix of the two types of cuisine and not one dish disappointed. (The menu is large and diverse enough that even the pickiest eaters in your group will find something) The robata dishes were fantastic, as were the tiraditos. The sushi rolls were not that impressive as far as sushi goes. It was my least favorite part of the meal. 

Dessert was amazing. We sampled three desserts, the mochi, some sort of chocolate hazelnut dish, and a banana dish. Since we were celebrating 3 birthdays the 3 desserts were complimentary. For 5 people, including a bottle of sake, the total bill came to about $200 which is more than reasonable. 

The atmosphere is fantastic. It is a great place for large groups, the large circular tables provide everyone with the ability to have a conversation. There is nothing I hate more than dining at a long rectangular table with a group; you almost always end up just talking to the people sitting in your immediate area. The ceiling follows the Asian theme with cherry blossoms and the like, while the walls are filled with South American graffiti art. The one thing I could do without was the party video footage from one of their other restaurants, it cheapened the experience a bit. However, halfway through our meal it switched over to a Godzilla movie which I enjoyed much, much more. 

I would not hesitate to return to Sushi Samba, its a twist on places like Fix and Stack. So if you are looking for a similar atmosphere but with a little something more, this is your place.
I LOVE sushisamba! I love saying the name, the atmoshphere, the service and of course, the food! I had a birthday dinner here and had a large party so I had to contact the special events director. They took care of us well and I even got to customize our course meal! The director was really considerate about what I wanted and the budget. I was so amazed at how much food we got! Everyone was stuffed after the fourth dish, but good food kept coming. I am totally hooked on the black truffle aioli that comes with the green bean tempura. The calamari is interesting but good! The sushi rolls are of course, good. The churrasco plate is a must and the portions are huge! Desserts were good and they gave me a small cake for my birthday :] I  will definitely come here again and again and again...
Sushi Samba gave us FOOD POISONING!! 
Unless you're a glutton for punishment I suggest you dine elsewhere.
We dined here since we were staying at the Palazzo but that was a costly mistake. Our sashimi platter had traces of fish bone in it!!
We sipped on cocktails for TWO HOURS before our entrees came out!! Perhaps that was our servers strategy to entice us to order more alcohol but I'm a food addict not an alcoholic. I don't mind waiting for good food but 2 hours (im not even counting from when we were seated i'm counting from when we finished our appetizers) for entrees is just ridiculous. The 5 courses of churrasco was extremely DRY and don't bother trying the dipping sauces it's accompanied by unless you can control your gagging reflexes. 
The only good part of our meal was the kobe but then again it was kobe! How can you mess up on kobe???
For a better dining experience I suggest you try Yellowtail at the Bellagio instead or many of the other countless fine dining restaurants on the strip. Why would you want to pay to get food poisoning?? You don't DUH that's why you don't eat here.
This place is a real douche factory, which is fine, since, you know, it's in Las Vegas.  Not as ridiculously embarrassing as other vegas sushi restaurant's I've been to- Palms Hotel and Casino- I'm looking at you- but there still was a moderately high laugh factor.

I would never come here if I wasn't staying at the Palazzo, but since I was- it wasn't THAT bad.  The sake sommelier was good, as was the sake itself.  The waiter was pushy- recommending a fried appetizer combo platter? Um- dude- no.

Something I noticed at the Palazzo is that all the waiters at the all the restaurants assume that you're a bumpkin who knows nothing about fine dining.  Which, I suppose, is a pretty good bet.

So-so, maybe check it out if you're there.
Prices were fine for vegas.  Pacing was good.
I've been to the Sushi Samba in Miami, and if I had to choose, I'd be in Miami in a heartbeat. The menu is interesting, and the variety is solid, but I wasn't impressed with the sushi.  The fish was fresh, but not cut well, and the rice was less than stellar.  The space is broken down into cool loops, so you can feel like you're in an intimate place, but take a look at the walls before you end up at a business meeting under the kabuki "adult toy" mural.  

I was there with a pretty large group, and I can understand that food may come out a bit slowly.  However, they lost drink orders, which is a cardinal sin for a place with a bar menu that is as big as it is.  The little bites were tasty, and the few bits of Brazillian food that we had were solid. Not amazing, as there are much better ways to do a Brazillian steakhouse kind of menu, but no complaints on that.  

What was good?  The environment and the drinks.  If that's what you want, it's more of a 4 star review.
Like every other trendy place I go to on the strip (Cut, StripSteak, etc), the 2nd/3rd time is NOT the charm! The first couple of times I went here I was in love.. sadly I took my parents here and was very disappointed!

-Duck was chewy
-Sushi wasn't as fresh as previous times

The dessert martini was a winner... at least we left on a good note !
Great food.  Very nice servers.  Attentive management.  My only complaint was the music was unbearably loud, we had a hard time talking across our table.
I had doubt on this place. 

How would Brazilian food work well with Japanese food? I only love authentic Japanese food. I sure can have the typical combination, but I only see that as American Japanese food. 

Sometimes I feel like a restaurant that does fusion because it does not have a firm grip to do the real deal. 

But this place changed my mind. It earned my respect. I ordered some grill items, some sushi rolls, and some nigiri. The nigiri was done properly. The portion of rice and fish was proper. I enjoyed two of the sushi rolls: Yamato (tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar, gold leaf) and Rainbow Dragon (freshwater eel, red bell pepper, cucumber, mango, avocado). I know, the rainbow dragon roll sounds like a stable nowadays (like chicken teriyaki). But I was surprised by the use of mango in the roll. The mango gave that interesting bite to it. The Yamato roll was a surprise - I didn't expect foie gras would go so well with ahi tuna. But the gold leave was pointless (in my opinion) other than giving a bling bling (and charge extra expensive) for the roll. 

The seviches was just ok (i.e. within expectation). But the robata was good - we had fillet Mignon and lamb. We also had Japanese Kobe Beef (well, we were travelling at Vegas - so we just splurged on our food instead of spending it at the outlet). It was good. But I think it's overpriced. If you haven't had Japanese Kobe beef before, you don't have to try it at this place unless you are ready to spend some money or to celebrate your win at the casino. 

The decor has those typical hip restaurant vibe. The harajuku graffiti was a bit awkward to me but I guess most customers will think that's cool. But I wasn't impressed by the video that was played by the restaurant when I was there. We were there for an early dinner (to catch a show at the hotel). So we were there around 5:45. And the restaurant was playing some party video was not that respectful in my opinion. Pretty much you only see a brunch of people partying and dancing and showing their skins. (only a few step away from girls gone wild japanese party version). There were some close up of girls' legs and cleavage that kinda bothered me. 

Luckily, some customers requested to watch something else. It was the time about the bailout plan and eventually the large screen was showing news. 

So the party video took that star away. 

Although it's kinda dark in the restaurant, I saw a couple with two young kids having dinner as well. It's not necessary kids friendly but kids are welcome. 

But the food at this place was surprisingly good. So, it's worth to give a try. And if you are catching a show, the restaurant will make sure you will be able to make it. :)
Interesting mix of cuisine (Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian). Sounds like a potentialy disgusting combo, but it actually works very well. Try their signature sushi rolls. They're extremely good. They also have more Sake than Japan it seems. About a 6 page menu to select from. They also have amazing muddled fruit cocktails. 

Now, the negatives. As sushi goes, and tapas for that matter, it's slightly pricey. I know it's Vegas, but some things such as sushi just can't go higher than a certain price. The second thing is the fact they have an amazing modern space, but then have a giant screen tv playing football. Why dumb down a hip place. Oh well.
When we were in Vegas in November, we decided to dine at Sushi Samba one night since we were staying at the Palazzo. The restaurant is tucked away in the corner and has a dark sexy vibe to it. We had 6:30 pm reservations on a Friday night and since it was a little early, the restaurant was not overly busy which allowed us to receive a lot of attention from Mike, our waiter. He was one of the best waiters I have had in a restaurant in a long time...he was very helpful in helping us select a bottle of sake and made recommendations on the food and how many plates to order for our group of 5. Plus he checked on us often enough so we didn't sit with empty glasses, but not too much where it was annoying.

The food was amazing for the most part. The scallops and chicken robota were my two favorite things that we ordered that evening. The scallops were cooked perfectly and were not gritty at all. They didn't quite have that melt in my mouth feeling, but were some of the best I have had since moving to the Southwest. My husband sampled some of the sushi that our group ordered, and even as a sushi newcomer, he was not blown away by it. It was probably the most disappointing of the dishes that our group ordered. Our group received three complimentary desserts (we were celebrating 3 birthdays that evening) of which the chocolate hazelnut dish was my favorite. It was absolutely heavenly.

Our group's bill came to approximately $200, which I thought was reasonable given the number of dishes we ordered, plus we also had a bottle of sake ($62 itself), and several other alcoholic beverages. Sushi Samba is definitely a great restaurant for those dining in a group because the circular booths are large and perfectly designed for chatting with the person next to you or across the table. I will definitely dine again at Sushi Samba on a future trip to Vegas.
Best dinner experience during a recent week in Vegas - equal credits due to food, company, service and the ambiance.
I loved my lemon samurai - light enough so I could have a perfectly lucid conversation and remember all of it, yet not trivial enough to pass off as a mocktail! The vegetarian roll doesn't merit too much reflection, but the plaintains and coconut rice lent a nice Latin infusion to the otherwise bland menu.
The ambiance is mighty chic without being uber pretentious like some of the other Palazzo restaraunts. Which means the crowd is about as "normal" as you could get in Vegas! Not abnormal is the pricetag - expensive certainly, but heck, I'd rather savor a memorable dinner than watch my money vanish on a table on the casino floor!
Overall, great place to linger, lounge and see and be seen.
This place is OK, the rolls have that really chew wrap which I hate. The drinks are $10 and not all that stiff, but come in cool looking glassware. The tables are ultra close together. The guy next to me and I were rubbing thighs the whole time. Overall I could take it or leave it, but they do seat you right away which is about all I need in a restaurant.
Date: Saturday, December 20

Time: 8:00PM

People: Party of 6

Service: Fast and friendly

Ate: Yamato Roll, California Roll, Shrimp and Veggie Tempura.  Yamato was tasty and very pretty but only had three pieces for $19.  California rolls could have been better for being $14.  They were very plain tasting.  Shrimp and veggie tempura were good, but small for $14 (I think there were three pieces of small shrimp and three veggies) and came with two sauces, a spicy sauce and the tempura sauce.  Can't recall what everyone else had, but I think everyone agreed it was okay.

Drank: Lemon Samurai, $12.  Tasted like Lipton Brisk Ice Tea, which could be good or bad depending on if you like Lipton Brisk Ice Tea.  I don't.

Bottom Line: This place is pricier than some of the trendy sushi joints in LA that have a better vibe and tastier sushi, but it makes a great first stop for a night out in Vegas.  I'd probably come back again.
We ordered the chef's assortment of rolls -- which were, to our pleasant surprise, actual rice paper wraps filled with scallops, tuna, and salmon.

Excellent service, chic feel, and sushi is among the best I've had anywhere on either coast (San Francisco and New York).
OVERPRICED!!!!

This place is waaay overpriced. Appetizer size plates for $20 with barely enough food on them to feed a fish. Sushi was nothing to rave about....I have had much better at my local sushi joint. Spent a lot of money for an empty stomach in the end. Sure the place is beautiful with nice decor but would I really pay all that for that food. I think NOT! 

Sea bass was the best dish I had...it almost melted in your mouth. I perhaps would return for this dish but at $20 for two kebabs....I would have to think about it. Filet Mignon was about the size of half your palm for $20...ridiculous if you ask me. Some good flavor but too expensive for me to return. You definitely do not get what you pay for here.
This place was really super, really great, a little pricey, and really fun.

Now, I'm not a foodie. I can hang with the foodies, understand the lingo and know mostly what they talk about, but I just like to eat. I like to enjoy my food in the more primal sense - eat it, love it, and try to eat more of it.

So it was here that my lovely and I came to have our first meal of our trip in Vegas. I like Peruvian and Brazilian, she likes Fish and Asian, so hey... bada bing.

We did a sort of taster/small plates menu, from some sushi, a lambchop which I will call THE WORLDS BEST. Peruvian maize which were the size of freaking lima beans, but oh so good, and... well.. truth be told I can't remember all what else. There was some sort of ceviche deal, but after a few DonQ Mojitos, and a lot of drinking that night, I can barely recall all that was had.

But from what I do remember, it was really really good. Sure, it's a fusion restaurant and they either go really really great or you leave less than impressed, but this place really left a good impression on me. The service was wonderful, the exotic drinks weren't too sickly in my opinion, and the decor, ambiance, service, and wait were rather agreeable (especially after having driven for 5 hours that day)

Prices weren't shockingly "brb, need to hit the craps table for a few rolls" high either.

Really good if you're looking for some sort of Asian/South American style cuisine.
Excellent service from Matt who was very knowledgeable of the foreign terms on the menu and made the atmosphere more lively.  He was very patient with the dietary restrictions that my friend had and made great recommendations.  

Highlights were the peruvian corn which were colossal and meaty.  They disappeared very quickly.  We also shared the Rio Grande churrasco.  One of the 3 meats we had chosen were the rib eye which was medium rare and excellent with the red chimichurri dipping sauce (1 of the 4 sauces that came with the dish).  The lobster on the Samba Strip Roll was the best thing of the dish - everything else was a bit plain and for $20, I don't think I'll be ordering that again. We also had the tasty seabass skewers and topped our dinner off with 3 flavors of ice cream on a plate with a chocolate 'Happy Birthday' written on it for the birthday girls. The place is a bit pricey but heck, we were in Vegas!
It's located in the Venetian hotel.  We sat at the bar because the actual restaurant was extremely dark and we didn't have the urge to feel like we were eating in a cave.  The bartenders were really cool and they did a good job of serving us and making us drinks.  Interesting drink menu and they make a really good Mojito.  We had sushi which was very good and tasted very fresh.  Overall, it was a good experience. Worth it if you're staying at the Venetion.  Not sure if it's worth a special trip from another hotel just to go here however.
I really liked this place just a couple of things ruined the experience for me. First of all we sat in this tiny tiny table and I could totally smell and almost taste what the couples next to me were eating/order.. I can't even begin to tell you how close we were.. ew.  And I was soo overwhelmed with the menu. But I guess that is a good thing. OH and I did not like the ceviche taco, too smushy for me.

Our waitress was amazing, all her suggestions (the sea bass and the pork belly) were our faves. 

We also got the sashimi platter, over 14 pieces of sashimi and it filled me up! 

They comped me a birthday cake which was delicious!  This is now on my Vegas rotation!
What can I say about Sushi Samba? Maybe I was not in the mood to dance. I was in the mood for sushi. Traditional sushi, which is apparently not their specialty. I mean it is called sushi samba so I expected some south american food with the sushi but not even a philly roll? Aside from the crazy menu which actually was decent I just wasn't feeling that adventurous that night, the service was great. The samurai staring at me while I peed was a little unnerving and also a little erotic.The one thing that kept throwing me off was that I thought I went to a restaurant not a nightclub. I couldn't hear my server ask me if I wanted a refill on my delicious drink. Dark and loud. Which is perfect if all you need to order is a whiskey/ginger or rum/coke or something along those lines but what you need to order is the Capoeira Roll and a Green Envy Roll hold the wasabi pea crust and WTF is yamagobo? That's gotta be hard to explain when you aren't screaming over the DJ....
Well it was conveniently located in the Palazzo and was my perfect spot for a quick lunch at the bar.. I have been to the Sushi Samba in Nyc and in South beach they are always consistent i love the look and the vibe from the 1 in vegas..  I got the Yamato Roll and soon as I tried it I wanted to cry they incorporated my fav things into a roll and it seriously was the best roll that has ever crossed my lips..  Foie Gras on Top of Tuna on Top of Rice Topped with Gold Flakes..  YUMMMMMMMMMY.... I managed to go there for this roll every day for lunch lol its small its only 3 pieces but for me it was 3 pieces of heaven... ; )
the restaurant had the usual las vegas markup, and the food didn't really wow.  however, the rolls were very unique and different and the presentation of the food was done very well.  the combination of jap/peruvian/brazilian works pretty well together, though you can find better jap/peru/bra food at individual restaurants.  overall, it was a decent experience though i dont think i would go there again.
Very cool decor and great service.  Some of the dishes, including the rock shrimp with peas, were great.  Others, like the scallops with foam and the ceviche, were just not.  It's pretty expensive, but worth a visit if you can justify the price.  Just do your research on here for the best dishes before ordering.
Just like any fancy Vegas joint, if you want to have a pretty good experience at the restaurant, expect to pay upwards of ~$45 per person.

I would recommend making reservations as the place can get packed.

I came with a group of about 8. The menu is extensive. You probably won't know what to get especially if it's your first time at this joint. Our waiter, who was really nice and helpful, asked us how much we were willing to spend and he would take care of us.

Take care of us he did. We were set up with a 6 course meal which included Peruvian and Japanese style cuisine. I can't remember everything (because there was a lot of variety), but there was lots of good stuff like sushi and steak. Peruvian corn is TASTY!

Presentation of food was perfect. They are quick with filling water and the plates and utensils are elegant and unique. A few times during our meal, they replaced our plates with fresh ones.

We paid $45 each and we were all very satisfied because the meal was filling and not too much.

The service and the environment and professionalism they give you at the restaurant was well worth the money and I would definitely come back here.

The background music they would play was very samba. I was really diggin' it.

The bar area looked interesting. I would have sat down to have a few drinks if I wasn't too messed up for before.

The bathrooms were incredibly nice. However, I can only really speak for the men's room. It's like the urinals have their own big stall. You just have to see it. They have someone there asking if you would like some soap and after you're done washing your hands, they give you a REALLY soft towel to wipe your hands on. NICE!

It's located in a nice place in some shopping area near a Victoria's Secret and a other stores. So if you're bored waiting for a table, you can shop around.
I had an amazing experience at Sushi Samba last night.  Fair enough, it wasn't packed so I'm sure it was easier to pay attention to us, but still.  It's not too often that you get Brazilian/Peruvian/Japanese food on one menu.  Our server Javier was fantastic - attentive, helpful, knowledgeable, fun, but not the least bit overbearing.  The manager Hayes was the same.  We felt like we were constantly checked on and attended to - quite luxurious.
They helped us pick some amazing items off of the giant menu, and we were thrilled with all of the items we had.
Tempura green beans, yellowtail tiradito, the samba strip roll (possibly our favorite), and the churrasco (we got hanger steak, pork tenderloin and linguisa).
The cocktails.  
Oh.
My.
God.
The cocktails.  
Amazing, fresh, delicious. . . . I had the monthly special (a strawberry mojito), and a lemon samurai which was seriously the most amazing drink I've ever had.
My only gripe with things that are flown in fresh from all around the world - impressive yes, but the environment scowls in your general direction Sushi Samba.  Situated in the largest LEED certified building in the world (http://www.commercialpropertynews.com/cpn/content_display/regions/southwest/e3i76b446d81cf85aa4fc437cba15737e76), you'd think this would be a faux pas.  
Take advantage of it if your conscience allows - you won't be sorry.  The two of us got out after two cocktails each and the shared food mentioned for under $150.  Not bad for an upscale Vegas restaurant.
Very different (in a good way) , I had dinner  there on my birthday  and the mix of sushi and peruvian food had us wowed. Can't remember what we had but the sushi roll with the jalepeno was bomb!
Sushi Samba gets 5 big red stars in my book!

Decor - I love the vibrant colors and pictures they had all over the walls. It reminded me of Anime. 

Service - Excellent! Our waiter was very helpful and made many great suggestions. The food came quick as well even when the restaurant was full.

Food - Great presentation and absolutely flavorful! Nom nom nom! I didn't want to get full so I could eat some more!

Ordered:
Sea bass yakitori - This was our first dish to arrive and it definitely set the bar. The fish just melted off. It was cooked well and seasoned perfectly. The Peruvian corn that came with it was good as well. Very robust and large kernels. 

Yellowtail ceviche - AMAZING! The lime juice and other flavors blended so well together. This was my favorite dish along with the Sea bass yakitori. 

Tuna ceviche - The tuna was fresh tasting but wasn't as great as the yellowtail ceviche. Maybe I got spoiled but I thought the cherry tomatoes and almonds over powered the fish, which too me isn't a good thing because I love raw fish. 

Kanpachi sashimi - Nice sliced of fresh kanpachi and jalepeno. Wonderful dish. 

Neo Tokyo Roll - It was good but not great. Nothing much more to say about it. 

Shrimp Tempura - Very crisp and fresh. Lightly powdered shrimp. Didn't have too much tempura and was not soggy like other places. 

Signature Fruit cocktails - Strong but also fruity (meaning I could tast the FRESH fruit flavors). A good strong drink doesn't need to taste bad. 

I wold DEFINITELY go again and I am recommending Sushi Samba to all my friends and whoever else is planning on going to Vegas. =D
One of my favorite sushi experiences everrrr.  I've been here three times on three different Vegas visits and it's always delicious.

On the last visit, we opted for a tasting menu for a party of 7.  The waiter was selling it pretty hard and we finally gave in.  Pretty glad we did too.  We asked for a lower end menu costing $50-55/head and the kitchen did a superb job.  We were able to taste way more than we would have ever imagined if we were to order a la carte.

Edamame
Rock Shrimp Tempura - (MUST GET)
Yellowtail Seviche Taquitos - (YUM!)
Yellowtail w/ jalapeno and lemongrass taradito (this is the best one)
Kanpachi w/ yuzu sea salt and black truffle oil taradito 
Tuna w/ granny smith serrano and lime taradito
Salmon w/ orange and miso taradito
Filet Mignon Robato w/ 4 kinds of sauteed mushrooms (YUUUM)
Chilean Sea Bass w/ Miso Sauce anticucho w/ Peruvian Corn (GIANT CORN-delicious fish)
Neo Tokyo roll
Green Envy roll
El Topo roll
Pacific roll
Rainbow Dragon roll

Drinks  - overall they have pretty good drinks, and if you are clever enough to score some 2 for 1 coupons, it's worth it!  I like the Samba Juice and the Lemon Samurai. :)
excellent food, excellent service, cute brazilian waitress. reasonable prices. i'll be back!
Just a warning...it's quite expensive at this restaurant! Besides the price, I really enjoyed the tall ceilings and the roominess of this place. We got hooked up by a friend and she got us free yummy, guava/lime juice and vodka shots that was served on this cool looking tree stand (whew...that was a long description). Anyways... our server was quite knowledgeable with the food menu and the drink menu (which was quite extensive) . He was trying to get us to spend $60/person but we were not that hungry to eat a four course meal. The sushi rolls were good but not spectacular, but the mushroom dish was to die for. I don't know what the sauce was but THAT was pretty damn awesome. Overall, it's fun for a group of ppl who can afford the $200 bill at the end of a small meal.
Good sushi with a twist. They have some unique flavors and rolls: bobo brazil, yamato (foie gras, caviar, toro) and a few others. Spicy tuna was pretty disappointing.

Careful when ordering the Kobe, it's $27 an ounce usually a 5oz minimum. My smart friend ordered 10oz's off the bat thinking it was only $27 total. I am not sure of the name, but the Kobe cooked on a hot rock is delicious. Worth $150 per order? Just for the experience. 

If you could gamble $50 a hand on blackjack or pai gow, why not eat it as well?  

Pros: unique rolls and flavors

Cons: very pricey ($2 for wasabi haha), mediocre service both times I went
We came here for dinner one night when we couldnt find sushi roku- but thats okay because even though there one in the town we're from we ate here.
The place is loud, not a good place for romantic dates and certainly not a good place if you want to actually hear the what the person you are dining with is saying- but other then that I found the food to be delicious! We ordered practically everything on the menu. The stand outs were the quinoa risotto, fresh uni, oysters. Although we didnt have too much of their signature maki's we ordered a lot of sashimi and it was all very fresh and beautifully presented.
Our waitress could of been a little more knowledgeable but she was pretty prompt with her service.
This is a very luxurious restaurant. Don't hit it up if you're just looking for some average sushi spot.

I got three rolls and probably 4 ounces of sake - for a grand total of about $60 with tip.

I'm not using to spending that way, but this is the kind of place where I feel the most comfortable doing it. The food is decadent, the service is impeccable, and the decor is sophisticated but unique. 
Loved the Brazilian?/Russian? parade they were playing on the TVs.

I liked it. But I'm cheap as hell, so I won't be back unless I'm living on a secure salary.
Hip place, great layout  in the dining area.   A real scene similar to up stairs in the West Village.   It was kind of odd to have the bar right in front though exposed to the shopping corridor in the Palazzo.    


We tried many of the small dishes, all were good, even if over priced.    Overall I would come back here with a group, this was a good spot.
A little pricey? Yes, perhaps but I find most sushi places offering tasty fresh sushi usually are. I had a quick low key meal here at the bar so I cannot really speak to the actual decor of this restaurant. I ordered some sashimi (toro & unagi)...both were good but the unagi was so delicious I ordered another piece. I had the Neo Tokyo Roll as well and while it may not have been anything "super fancy" I thought it was tasty and would have gladly eaten another piece or two. I also had a cocktail (a strawberry martini type thing) which I also thought was very tasty - very fresh! I would gladly go back to SS.
My friends and I actually couldn't decide on a place to eat and spontaneously came to Sushi Samba. We weren't too hungry so didn't get a full dinner. I ordered the pork gyozas (and the kabocha pumpkin pure underneath was a really nice touch). The gyozas were realllly really good, I still think about them. I also ordered the green envy rolls (tuna, salmon, asparagus, wasabi pea crust with a lime mayo) and although it was good, it wasn't as outstanding as the gyozas. Unfortunately I did not yelp before going, so did not get to try out the fruity drinks that everybody's raving about (sad face). I did share the chocolate fondue with a friend, and it came with the chocolate already melted with no heat element under it, so we took it as a sign that we had to eat it quickly. The dipping mediums were: coconut marshmallows, Japanese rice crispies, passion fruit cake, chocolate brownie, fruits, and green tea ice cream. Overall, I really liked the surroundings, I did feel like it matched up to the Vegas environment. It was definitely a fun place for dinner before a night out!
IT WOULD'VE BEEN 5 STARS BUT THE WAITRESS WAS BITCHY AT FIRST!

Being a HUGE Sex and The City fan, I had to go to this place.  The decor is captivating and the lighting is perfect.  Red is the dominant hue of the restaurant and it is so pretty.   The location in Ceasars is kind of hidden so we stumbled upon it.  We went at the perfect time, right around 3 or 4 and it was not busy.  However, the place got PACKED!  THEY DECIDED TO PUT A ROW OF 6 OR 7 TABLES EXTREMELY CLOSE TOGETHER SO YOU FEEL LIKE YOU ARE HAVING DINNER WITH COMPLETE STRANGERS ON EITHER SIDE OF YOU.  YOU CAN HEAR THEIR ENTIRE CONVERSATION, BY THE WAY.  Just entirely too intimate for me.  

Our visit started out kinda rocky.  Our waitress lacked time management skills and/or waited on the other tables hand and foot because she thought they would give them a bigger tip, maybe? Dont know!  All I do know is that we sat there for 25 minutes with nothing more than a hello.  So after compaining to another waitress she finally came around.  While we were ordering, our server was more than eager to answer all of my hyper active, anxious and indecisive friend.  

The menu is a combination of Pervian, Brazillian and Asian fusion.  OOOOOH SO DIVINE!  IT WAS SO HARD TO DECIDE ON WHAT TO CHOOSE.  We finally decided on Sushi and Seabass, miso soup and seaweed salad.  The miso is delicious but I've had better.  My friend ordered the Red Wild mushroom and truffle Miso.  IT WAS SOOOOO DELICIOUS!  But, THE SEAWEED SALAD IS A MUST HAVE TO VEGGIE LOVERS.  Seaweed has a distinct taste of it's own but it is sooo friggin good!  I was so pleasantly surprised.  When to food arrived, I was like a kid in a candy store.  I CANNOT REMEMBER WHAT SUSHI I ORDERED BUT ONE OF THEM THE BEST EVER!  As expected, the food is expensive.   Between the 2 of us, it was well over $100. So don't go here if you are trying to save money.  If you do just order the tapas on the left side of the menu.  But, you will still be hungry.

I loved this place.  With the exception of the servers lack of time management skills at first, this was one of my favorite visits on this trip.  I WILL BE GOING BACK!  I LOVE SUSHI SAMBA!!!!!!!
Not bad... Not bad at all!

I like the ambience - definitely has a fusion feel to it.  Our server was super super nice and friendly.  Which is always a plus~

They had a good selection of food on their menu.  Like I said, it's fusion so you will see various Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese food on their menu.  I was really craving some sushi and so I ordered two rolls - the Green Envy roll and their spicy yellowtail roll.

I really liked how they crushed the spicy wasabi peas and put it in the Green Envy roll - it gave it a nice crunch w/ that wasabi kick!  I also REALLY liked their spicy yellowtail roll.  It was simple but I thought was a perfect b/c it really let the taste of their fresh yellowtail shine through~!!
Two stars for being the worst of the three that I've been to.

The usual SS staples are there, and the food isn't bad, but they ditched the Calimari that is on the Chicago menu!  Unbelieveable.  That was the most delicious thing I had ever had!

Mostly, my beef with this place is the location, in a mall, and the ambience of the place.  The ironic part is that when you are dining at the Chicago or Miami locations, it feels like you are in Vegas: swanky, cool, fun.  But dining in the Vegas one feels like you are at a Legal Seafoods in suburbia.

Just misses something.  If you're in Vegas, go someplace else.
Fun environment and service was amazing. This place was packed from the start of our dinner to the finish. The crowd is pretty young and fun. Great spot to find out what/where to go next. 

Everything was fantastic outside of the very loud drunks at the table next to us. Don't get me wrong they were a good time - just hard to hear the conversation at our table over theirs. 

I will hit this place on my next visit to Las Vegas!
This place looks pretty dope when you walk in and hearing that they spent around $10MM on this spot is pretty crazy.  I like the bar in the front, that's a nice touch as well as the Peruvian-Brazilian-Japanese inspired food that they serve here.  This one kills the one I went to in NYC (10 times nicer, 50 times bigger).  Service is good and they even have a lounge in the back if you want to continue the party.
We stayed at the Venetian and Palazzo over the weekend. It took us about an hour to decide on which restaurant in the Palazzo to dine at....because man are the restaurants SUPER PRICEY. Since we had friends that had to catch a flight we had to eat in the Palazzo so we decided on this place for a group of 9.

This place blends Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian cuisine....while it sounds like a great idea (never heard of such an Asian Fusion Combo)....I think this place tries way to hard to be different. The only thing that I really liked was the grilled sea bass....super yummy but it still was $16 for two mini skewers. It came with Peruvian corn which sounded interesting....but turned out to be huge corn kettles that tasted like buttered lima beans....yucko!!! As far as the sushi I tried about 5 of the 10 rolls they had. Wasn't too impressed with any of them. They looked pretty and all....but weren't so yummy. I tried a few other dishes too....it just seemed like they were blending unique flavors that just didn't blend well together. The few things preventing me from giving this place 2 stars was the great service (note: they do get 20% tip for groups.....so I do expect top quality service), cool ambiance, and hot guys. Check out the break down below:

2 STARS - FOOD (Overall disappointing)....EXCEPT FOR THESEABASS 
2 STARS - PRICE (Expect to pay $40 - $100 per person if you want to get full)
2 STARS - PORTIONS (I left still a bit hungry)
4 STARS - ATMOSPHERE
5 STARS - SERVICE (Really friendly waitress)
5 STARS - HOT WORKERS!!! (seriously...do you have to be a model to work here....there was lots of eye candy dressed in all black)
__________________________________

JUST 3 STARS ALL IN ALL....OVERALL DON'T REALLY RECOMMEND IT HERE IF YOU ARE STRAPPED ON CASH....UR PROBABLY BETTER OFF AT A BUFFET ON THE STRIP IF YOU WANNA GET YOUR MONEY'S WORTH. BUT IF YOU HAVE MONEY TO BLOW....THIS IS A HAPPENING PLACE.
Glad I stumbled onto this place.  I went there last Saturday (3/28) because we were going to a comedy show at the adjacent Sugarcane Lounge.  Seating was full so we sat at the bar.  Very different but intriguing menu. As we were trying to figure out what to order, this guy next to us told us to order this, this, and that - all of which was incredible.  Turns out the guy was the owner Matt who couldn't have been more gracious and hospitable. 

Everything we ordered was superb and bursting with flavor.  The only warning I would give is that the flavors are quite intense and they stayed with me most of the night.  I'm sure the people next to me at the blackjack table were none too pleased.  

After throwing my money away the evening before at Koi, this was a welcome find. Yes it's not cheap as previous reviewers stated, but being from L.A. I'm used to spending $$$ for quality sushi.  I am planning another Vegas trip in May and Sushi Samba will definitely be on the agenda.  Highly recommended.
I have to say that I was really interested to dine here. I'd heard about the outpost in NYC and since I was in Vegas and heard that there was a location there now, I wanted to try. And the experience...it kinda lived up to the hype.
The food - it was very tasty. The sushi that I had...and I had quite a bit...was fresh and good. And they offered a couple of different sushi options that I hadnt seen at other sushi restaurants. The menu was quite interesting. If you dont know about the concept, its japanese and south american & latin american fusion. And I think it pairs together very well. For the quality...I thought the prices were set accordingly.
The ambiance - very hip...very cool. The vibe of the place is incredible and you just get that feel that youre in a chic and sexy place. The music, the decor, the servers...its all there. The bar area in the front is very accommodating and there are large tables and booths set up for large groups as well.
So why only three stars...? The service. Now I know you cant always judge a place completely on one visit, but the service was very suspect here. Now, I should have known better than to expect great service from a bar seat for dinner...however, it was a slow night there, so I thought it would be decent at least...and it was just barely that. Slow...slow...slow. And my bartender/server just seemed not aware of everything that was going on. Bringing me incorrect sushi order at first, then a incorrect drink order, then completely mischarging the order of the gentleman next to me. And when all this was happening, the managers just seemed to be too concerned about a large birthday party of ladies than what was going on with the gentleman order and bill or my incorrect orders. I think this place probably still does very well cause its a cool spot with a great location inside the Palazzo...but service is very important. I will go back again and hope that my service experience will be different next time.
I'm a huge fan of Japanese fusion, so I was excited to finally try this place during my last Vegas trip and it did not disappoint.  We came around 6pm on a Saturday and were seated right away.

For 4 people we got the seared kobe beef (demolished immediately...entire plate was cleared within like 10 seconds) and seaweed salad small plates, filet mignon with green pea puree and wasabi froth, and the BoBo Brazil, Neo Tokyo, and Capoeira(?) rolls.

Everything was delicious, the Neo Tokyo (yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca) was probably my favorite of everything we had, and my Lemon Samurai cocktail went down like juice.
The BOBO Brazil roll is amazing.
This first time I had Sushi Samba was in Miami last year. I had no idea there were several restaurants throughout the US. I was in Vegas last weekend and we decided to eat at Sushi Samba in the Palazzo. The menu was significantly different than the lunch menu at the Miami location. Not only was it different, it was significantly better! I was not dissapointed with the Chilean Sea Bass that I had for dinner. It was marinated in Miso and accompanied with veggies. Superb and perfectly  cooked. We also started off with tempura and the unagi and copeira rolls. YUMMY!!!!  The salad we also ordered was a large portion...enough to feed all four of us.

I was able to taste test all of my friends food as well and theirs seemed just as good as mine!!

This place is great for a nice dinner in Vegas although a little pricey (spent over $220 total on food only, no cocktails) it is definitely worth it to try out of the ordinary and comfortably ordinary menu items. I am such a fan!
I went here with a Bachelorette party of about 7 of us.  None of us had been here before and didn't know what to expect.  We made dinner reservations, but still had to wait a bit to get our table.  Once we got in... the server was definitely hospitable, gracious, and informative - I only wished I remembered his name to give a shout out. He informed us of the type of restaurant Sushi Samba was, which is a fusion of Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian.  We all weren't sure of what to get so he suggested we do a "tasty menu" which I think was the Omakase (on the website menu).  This allowed us to try the different types of food the menu had to offer.  We let him know what we liked and what we didn't like and he informed the chefs and they brought out a plethora of tasty treats that was enough for 7 of us.  It started off with some appetizers, such as the Otsumani ( an assortment of edamame, tempura green beans and shishito  - spicy peppers.... absolutely delicious!) and an assortment of other appetizers that I can't remember.  We then had a n array of seviche.  After that we had different types of meats on skewers and then topped off the evening with sashimi and sushi rolls.  One thing, we were all in awe of the food , we could hardly remember what everything was.  A huge highlight of the dinner was the yellowtail seviche! An absolute delicious delight.  Another overwhelming mouth watering treat was the Chilean Sea Bass on skewers with peruvian corn.  I believe we also had the Samba Strip roll at the end of the meal which was thoroughly mouth quenching!  We all sat back after the meal and were all very happy and pleased with this establishment and all said how we were going to have to come back there every Vegas excursion we go on.  It is a bit pricey.. but I think the food is worth the $$$$.  On top of all that, the atmosphere was definitely pleasing as well as the music which kept me moving in my seat all night.  This place is well worth the 5 star rating and worth the $$$$!
Foodie Orgasms is all i can say about this establishment. I am friends with the Managers at the SouthBeach Location so when i went to go hang out with a friend in Sin City i decided to pull rank and get some First Class service knowing full well i was gonna lose money on the tables. 
Yeah i lost money but wasnt disappointed one bit at the Sushisamba location at the Palazzo Hotel. I will avoid mentioning having to drop a former friend from ruining my dinner right b4 it started but as soon as i got to the location which i must say is unbelievable and by far is the best designed Sushisamba, A close second will be the now defunct location in Dallas at the Galleria mall. I felt like a kid when i entered the restrooms. I had a nice corner to myself and the Hostess was kind enuff to keep me company since i got jilted by a former friend (which i refuse to talk about).  
I got Ala carte type service and even the Chef, Jose came out to greet me and making me feel special cos he remembered me from the Southbeach spot. The taquitos were incredible i had the yellow tail and the lobster one. I decided i was only going to do small plates so i ventured to the Anticuchos and ordered the Chicken liver which just melted in my mouth and made Vegas worthwhile and followed by the Chilean Sea bass that the hostess recommended. For my drink i always get their Caiprinha which is like a Brazilian mojito and was on point.

Now i was getting full but the Chef surprised me with a Kobe Beef plate which was Sushi grade and once again splendid and lest i forget i also ordered the Peruvian corn for my side which is ridiculously tasty. 

There were several groups in town for Bachelors parties and partying in General and the decor just made the groups blend in and make it very private. 

Will definitely be back
I've been jaded by the whole fusion cuisine fare as there's so many that have done it terribly wrong.

This isn't the case at Sushi Samba.

My wife and I decided we take a chance and boy we were impressed.  I let our waitress know that we'd just like to try "whatevers good" and to please do not hold back...

We were entertained with 4 different sashimi dishes, tuna with a granny smith green apple puree, kampachi in truffle oil, squeeze of lime & some sea salt, salmon in mandarin orange reduction & kampachi in some sort of chile vinegrette... all awesome.

Next we were served with some items from the robata, although the end pieces of the filet mignon did come off a bit dry, the prep, grilled green onion and center of the piece made up for it... I would of liked it not so seared but still great flavors.

This was also my first time having a ceviche with passion fruit sauce, let alone a lobster ceviche.. it was absolutely delicious. The sauce and vegetables were super colorful but all the flavors complimented each other nicely. A tiny bit of sourness from the passion fruit to substitute the traditional lime, and some truffle oil made it taste super buttery.. Super delicious.

There were a couple other dishes that weren't as memorable, BUT were still very delicious.  Eitherway, it didnt break our bank and I enjoyed our "early dinner".

Service was great. Pretty standard for all the restaurants there (we went to the Las Vegas, NV location in the Palazzo)
i'm a bad yelper when it comes to days and time. I was suppose to yelp this place last year in August. LOL.

My boyfriend went to this place w/ his friends. He called me up and was saying how i should really try this place when we both go to Vegas. I was like okay. 

So i decide to go to Vegas in August, of last year, we made reservations here around lunch time. The place was big and nice. Although it didn't have much people, i still like the atmosphere. 

I didn't know what to order because everything looks so yummy and i just wanted to order everything. Sushi is my favorite food. I'll eat anything or try something new if i never had it. So anyways, my bf was telling me that he had the waiter choose his food. I was like really wow, thats nice. So we let the waiter pick our foods. of course, he asked us what type of dishes do we normal like. We told him our preference and he did all the ordering. 

Man, can i tell you everything was really good. I can't even remember the dishes he picked. Thats how dam good it was. Hhahaha. Well besides it was last year. LOL. I am going to Vegas this summer. I can't wait to go to this place. I'm drowling. J/k.......
This is place is overhyped and smaller than I expected. It has great service from the bartenders and servers but the food has costco  likesampler portions. I ordered the Toban Yaki organic mushroom, charred green onion, garlic chips 2oz min. $49 for like 5 pieces of kobe. You can get better portions at social house or n9ne steak house. The yellowtail sushi was average nothing exciting. So if you a king looking for real portions dont come here. Sushi Samba is only good for the "scenery"
I was in Vegas last weekend, and rolled out of bed at 11am on Saturday with a craving for sushi.  I recalled having had a tasty sushi meal in the Venitian canal shops a few years back, so my wife and I headed over there looking for the place.  We ended up at Sushi Samba in the Palazzo shops, which was not the place I remembered but certainly a pleasant experience.  I had always known that South America had a decent population of Japanese people, but had never been anywhere that attempted a fusion of Japanese and South American cuisine.  It totally works, and the restaurant was beautiful inside.

The sushi was excellent.  We tried the chef's selection which came with a nice assortment of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and shrimp.  We also tried one of the South American dishes - miso sea bass skewers with Peruvian corn.  I had never had anything like it and it was amazing.  In the end the bill for those items plus a few more and a couple of beers came to just over $100, but well worth it.  

I would highly recommend this place, and would also recommend you try it for lunch instead of dinner.  At midday there were only a handful of people there and the service was excellent.
I think the reason why I put off this review for 2 months is that I've been afraid of not praising this place enough with what I'm about to say in a couple of lines. First of all, thanks to my procrastination, I've forgotten the incredibly friendly manager's name who treated us newly legals to 3 Chu-cumber shots, which, btw, go down ridiculously well. (Maybe his name was Anthony...?) Anyway, he also hooked us up with a bouncer at Tryst and we got in without having to wait! So the staff and their service is really really amazing. I'm pretty positive if you go there (soon), there will still be this omg-drool-with-my-eyes-like-it's-possible waiter there ready and waiting to fill up your glass of water... or take your order... or ravage - no, that's it. 

Enough about the awesome service, the food was also REALLY REALLY amazing. It's a Brazilian/Japanese fusion type restaurant, but I'm not really big on Brazilian unless it's like a churascaria, so we went with mainly Japanese type dishes. (I mean "Japanese" in the most non-traditional way though) 

The condensed version looks like this and in this order (But ALL should be had at least once - write it down guys, seriously. Prepare yourselves):
BoBo Brazil Roll
Green Envy Roll
El Topo Roll
Miso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass (way too small for it's own good.) 
Neo Tokyo Roll

This place is pretty pricey, but I've been here 3 times already and I don't intend to stop. I've pretty much made an agreement with myself that I will eat here at least once any time I'm in Vegas. 

5 Stars!! 

Okay, and I know I mentioned "condensed version" earlier which implies a more in-depth explanation to those, but too bad? You're just going to have to trust me. 

HAPPY GAMBLING, HAPPY CLUBBING, HAPPY EATING, and HAPPY SAMBA-ING. :)
This place was really built by a couple of my friends that couldn't stop talking about it.  I thought it was OK and overpriced, even for Vegas standards. There were some great items--sea bass anticuchos and pork belly ramen were my favs of the evening.  the sushi was decent but nothing out of the ordinary for the price.  the mini tacos were good, but just that, mini.  the rock shrimp tempura was a bust at our table--way too much mayo and 2/3 of the seaweed salad tasted like nothing.  it prob would have fared better if my expectations weren't so high.
Out of all the restaurants I've been to in Vegas, I must say....Sushi Samba is probably the best one I've eaten at!  

Though the food isn't cheap and the portions aren't big.....everything that I ordered was delicious and well worth the money.  I would recommend everything I ordered for those that are going there.  
Here's what I ordered for 2 people:
1) sea bass and miso antichucos....the Peruvian corn that comes with it was quite tasty
2) agedashi tofu....3 fried tofu, 1 asparagus and 1 mushroom in some sort of sauce.  this was probably the most normal item that we ate on the menu....but it was still good.
3) bobo brazil samba roll.  this was quite interesting...seared kobe beef roll.
4)  some sort of spicy tuna roll.  the tuna was high quality...VERY FRESH!
5) Peruvian hot chocolate....this was DAMN good!  The drink was thick and very creamy.
6) Mango honey crisp taquito.  

thinking of the food makes me drool wishing i could have it again.  
the service there was EXCELLENT!  waiters clean your table and fill your water before you even have to ask.  they were very attentive and not smothering.

BE AWARE though...right when you sit down they ask you if you'd like some edamame.  you think this would be free....but you will later find out that you're being charged for it.  

Sushi Samba is a definite must!
I'm a sushi purist.  Please no fusion crap.  Very few places can pull off fusion and I'm sorry but you're definitely not in the runnings. Serve me my fish off straight from the waters onto my rice.  Thank you sir, now get outta my way you're blocking my view of the fish I'm going to devour.

Huge disappointment, pricey, trendy, and mostly empty and how dare you forget my soy sauce again?  Don't you serve sushi? Doesn't it say that in the name of your restaurant? Even after I pointed it out to one of the servers he jokingly said, "yah and we're a sushi joint, you think we'd have soy sauce."

Gimme my freakin soy sauce!
Having dined at Sushi Samba in New York and South Beach, we made out way to the Palazzo Casino complex for a tasty dinner of Brazilian/Peruvian and Japanese fusion cuisine. 

The Las Vegas location is somewhat more showy than its original New York location, but given the competition of flashy restaurant decor in the new Las Vegas, this facility is a little overdone. Graffiti is sprayed about and swirled architectural accents are overly prominent. 

The sushi is fresh and the entrees inventive, we'll return on a future visit.
I went here again with my bf for memorial weekend. WOW!! The food was great. Again, i love this place and i will always stop by here when i come to vegas. 

We ordered the yellowtail taquitos. If you guys do dine here, you should order this. I just love love it. You won't be disappointed. I don't think you'll be disappointed with their food period. I always get their peruvian corn. I just love it. We also ordered the duck and mushrooms. The last dishes that came at the end was their special that they had for sushi and bobo brazil seared kobe beef. I loved the special (sorry i forgot the name of it) verses the bobo brazil. 

Again this place is awesome. Thanks for the wonderful food.
Went on Friday night. Nice vibe...strangely its a mix of brazillian steakhouse and japanese...the brazillian is much stronger, the sushi was rather pedestrian...the tempura options was pretty good though.  

Also got an assortment of Brazillian meats...pricier than it should be...

Drinks were good, although the sake sommilier was a bit pretencious (the concept not the actual person)....especially for what essentially is a low end restaurant with overpriced options. 

the restaurant didn't really have an identity...ok...brazillian-japanese...yeah.  it was a bit odd....the ambiance was pretty damn awesome though...just too forward of concepts that don't go together really....drinks were fine.
Dined here twice, once at the sushi bar and once at a table for 4.  Sushi was the only menu items tried.  Nigiri was pretty good, Chu toro sashimi was expensive but good.  Had a couple of rolls which were tasty.  We also tried the Robata grilled caribbean lobster which was also nice.  Had a couple of nice sakes here.  Lots to choose from on the sake menu.

We dined on a Tuesday afternoon for a late lunch and a late Wednesday for dinner so the place was never very crowded.  We received good service both times.

I liked it and both times were good but I have tried it now and probably will try other places.  It is worth a try.
It's not a secret that I'm a huge sushi snob. If it's not super fresh, I'm not happy.

This place is fantastic! The decor if fun and funky and so are their drinks. Don't get me wrong, we clearly did not go here for the drinks, but they were a definite added bonus. Try the one with the Guava it will blow your mind. Right when you enter there is a bar that you can sit and drink at or you can get seated and the tables are classy and comfortable. There's a little private party section and a massive alcohol selection. The wait staff were on top of their game and not at all pretentious.

I loved that this place is open incredibly late, getting fresh sushi at midnight on a Tuesday was not a problem. Everything we ate was really simple and tasty. The shi-take mushroom skewers were pleasantly surprising and the salmon fell apart in my mouth before I had the chance to chew.  They had a few basic rolls that were normal priced, but overall it was a little pricey. However, it's expected in Vegas and worth every penny.
I love sushi...many restaurants (especially asian ones) in Vegas are expensive for unauthentic and unimpressive food-Sushi Samba is not one of them. 

The sushi was amazing. Who knew you could find fresh fish in the middle of a desert?? But the sashimi was heavenly-VERY fresh, melts in your mouth. The decor/ambiance is great. Service was friendly and cocktails were strong and delicious.

I was definitely impressed-check it out!
Checked out Sushi Samba for lunch and was impressed. Nice atmosphere, although they claim to play samba music and most of what I heard was definitely not samba (Marvin Gaye?). Service was decent, although our server tended to recommend expensive dishes...don't know if those are the ones that are truly their specialties, if management tries to push those dishes, or if our server was just trying to upsell for a bigger tip. Robata chicken skewer with Peruvian corn was tasty, the tempura green beans with black truffle aioli were bomb, and the spicy tuna rolls and Pacific rolls were very good. I would have liked to see a little more prevalent South American influence, but it's still more unique than your average trendy sushi joint and with good food at reasonable prices.
I'm not a sushi purist, I love the fusion crap :)  I would give them 4 stars but they ran out of King crab.  How do you run out of something that makes up the base for many different items/rolls u serve.  We ordered something called the Yamato roll which was pretty good except for the fact that it was $19 for 3 pieces.  It was the only roll that didn't have the standard 5-6 pieces.  For that much money I was expecting much more pop.  I love anything with Foie Gras so I may have liked the Yamato roll more than I should've.  However, if you don't like Foie Gras skip it and get something else.  The Miso Seabass was fantastic just like the waiter described.  What bothers me is that they keep telling you how little the portions are AFTER u order the dish which makes u order it twice or more  if you're with two plus people.  The Miso Seabass was like $16 for ONE skewer.  The food is good but be warned if you want to leave full you will spend a lot of money.  Good thing it was comped thanks to my buddy.

PS  The Chef's Sushi/Sashime does not come with straight Sashime.  It was one sushi roll with some Nigiri.
The food here is excellent (minus the eggplant robata which was dry and flavorless). But seriously whoever though to fuse brazilian, japanese, and peruvian should be given a nobel prize.

The taquitos come straight from heaven.  I mean so much was going on with my tastebuds when i ate them I was just shocked that I could be faced with even more sensory overload, in Vegas of all places! Between the excellent fish, the crispy shell, and the spicy sauce YUM. My only regret is that we didn't get two orders and try the lobster ones too (we got yellowtail).  

I only wish the service had been a little better. We felt rushed out and the food came out almost as fast as a mcdonald's drive thru. I personally like to savor my food, especially when its this good.
While the sushi was fabulous, it was disconcerting having a very strong grilled meat smell coming from the neighboring table.  There's just something wrong with that.  Otherwise, the experience was wonderful.  

Perfect martinis, EXCELLENT salt and pepper squid, loved the green envy roll!  Although it was frenetically busy, service was great.  Hip atmosphere.  Yes pricey, but what do you expect in Las Vegas?
There are plenty of sushi restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas, but if you're in the mood for something unique and different, try Sushi Samba.  It looks like a funky nightclub at first glance, but venture inside and you'll find a lively restaurant with an eclectic atmosphere and friendly service.  If you're looking for a quiet, romantic dinner, this probably isn't your place.

Start out with a drink.  The sake list is long and distinguished, sure to satisfy even the most discerning sake drinker.  And if sake is not your thing, they have great signature drinks. Try the Yemenja (vodka, ginger liqueur, lemongrass and mint).

Time to eat!  You'll discover the menu is just as eclectic as the ambience, fusing Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine.  If you want sushi, they have sushi.  Or if you prefer Brazilian BBQ, they have Churrasco.  But it's the smaller more distinct plates that make this place great.   The miso-glazed seabass skewers are a MUST, served with large kernel Peruvian corn, they're "melt in your mouth" good.  Also, the Samba Strip roll (lobster, mango, peanut curry) will knock your socks off.  One could return to this spot several times and still not try everything on the menu. In fact, I recommend bringing a large group of friends so that you can sample more of the many delights Sushi Samba has to offer.
SEA BASS & MISO Robata-styled!!!

Celebrated the 20th anniversary of a friend and his wife and we ordered the tasting menu, since it was our first time in a restaurant like this, and we walked out singing the praises of the SEA BASS & MISO Robata styled.

The SEA BASS & MISO was presented on a skewer and cooked perfectly.  The Miso was perfect, like nothing I have tasted and the freshness of the Sea Bass was evident.  I almost passed out knowing I have not tasted seafood this good before.

The tasting menu was very expensive, but we were celebrating and we were given the guarentee we could send back any dish that we did not like (and we did...only once though).  The cost of the tasting menu was about $60 a person.

We were given a good sample of their seviches, sushi wraps, tempura, and desserts.  The quality of the food was top notch.  The service was outstanding.  The food presentation was great.  

When I come back, I will be getting a good helping of the SEA BASS & MISO Robata styled and tempura.
I've been to SushiSamba 3 or 4 times and have had great experiences each time. The food is excellent (the sea bass is absolutely amazing!) and the service is top notch. The omakase is a great way to try several items and I haven't been disappointed -- with the exception of the mushroom toban-yaki (which was too chewy for my taste). But excluding that dish the food here is so good that it makes this place one of the better restaurants in the city. The whole fusion concept might be a little played out and the Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian mix might seem a little weird but when it comes down to it, the bottom line is that the food here is delicious.
We were there with a group of 14 for a company dinner. After calling MANY places in Vegas which required a credit card to hold a reservation for a large party, Sushi Samba came through. Friendly staff, no card needed and seriously no hassles at all. they had at least three servers who looked like they were catering to our table alone, especially one lady who was like our private waitress. Lots of Sake, great sushi, appetizers, stew dishes ect, So much was ordered for the table and I didnt do the ordering, so im sorry I cant remember each individual thing but MAN WAS ALL OF IT GOOD!. 

One star is for the rest of the restaurant as it has no atmosphere really. 

I would definately go here with a group. Good food and it didnt make me sick as one review says. 

We were pleased with out choice.
great asian fusion restaurant.  i ate mostly sushi rolls and they all were delicious.  the best was this roll with tuna topped with a little gold leaf and foie gras.  they also had this awesome mushroom appetizer.  the dishes are like asian tapas, small and meant to be consumed in mass quantities.  thus only the 4 star rating as the dishes were extremely small for the price.  i understand that this is a restaurant in vegas, which is going to be overpriced, but it just seemed to be a little over the top for what you were getting.
Awesome place!  We were here to celebrate my future Sister-In-Law's bachelorette party and had a great time!  Our waitress gave us free soju shots to kick off our dinner.  After downing our first round, she gave us one last round to continue our celebration!  

This place has such a fun vibe and the prices are great!  I had the Sea Bas & Miso Robata Styled.   

Affordably priced and great sushi! Plus it's such a fun vibe.  You can't go wrong.
Very loud but lots of fun and good/inventive fusion food.  We were a big group and they accomodated us very well.  I think they even turned the music down when they realized how good we were at shouting.  Its dark and trendy, but not uncomfortable.  The food was good but nothing blew me out of the water.  The waitstaff is very helpful and will even order for you if you let them know your budget and what type of things you'd like.
Stumbled into here for a late night meal after seeing LOVE at the Mirage and casino hopping on a recommendation from a distant friend. Great bar ambiance, dark, and mysterious. 

Food was excellent - we ordered three rolls to share amongst four ppl for a few bites around. 

Our table featured: 
* Green Envy
* Bobo Brazil 
* and one other...

The table was split for favorites between Green Envy and Bobo Brazil! Drinks featured were 
* trusty Sapporo 
* house Pinot Grigio - very light and dry
* Samba Juice - thank goodness for the dim lighting because it seemed to have been a disgusting color...

Sushi was delicious. Music was way too loud. I'd come back for another glass of house wine and a roll before heading out to the clubs, but I wouldn't spend my money here on dinner. Let's not forget that Nevada is land-locked, you shouldn't be paying that much for sushi that isn't SUPER fresh. 

The results:
Price: Expensive for sushi that's not ocean-side
Atmosphere: Good for pre-gaming/snack before the MAIN event
Overall: not too shabby!
Service = EXCELLENT!
Sake Selection and Quality = EXCELLENT!

The food however was disappointing. After hearing rave reviews by not only my fellow Yelpers, we decided to take our friend here for her birthday. The sushi was very standard tasting. I had a few small plates including the Tuna Ceviche which I found dull. 

For the hype and the prices ($71 each!), my palette was not satisfied. 

The special roll was good however since it had lobster on it. You can't go wrong with lobster and the sea bass was steamed to perfection. I do think you can skip this one though.
I went here for dinner on July 17. I must admit that it was a little overwhelming trying to figure out exactly what to eat but end the end my favorite dishes were the seabass skewers, lobster taquitos, and the Choc Banana dessert. Heck anything would have been in the sauce they used for that Sea Bass dish. YUMMY!  

Yes it was a bit pricey, but the food was good. Give it a try.
I was pleasantly surprised by Sushi Samba.  It was kind of a last choice for our big bachelorette party of 18 girls.  At first I was like... eh, I can try that in NY.  And you're always taking a gamble with Asian Fusion.

But, we knew the bride liked sushi and so we eventually caved.

Here is the breakdown of my experience at Samba:

Decor/atmosphere - dark, swank, very appropriate for the occasion.  They sat our party in the back room where no one else was seated.  That was nice.  We had privacy for the first hour or so of our meal.  The air conditioning was cranked up way too high but they said they turned it down.  I don't think they did.  I damn near lost my toes trying to keep blood flowing to the extremities.

Service - friendly, cute staff of slow-talking Brazilian boys.  They're good but something tells me they were hired as eye candy rather than for their perfect waiting skills.  As we sat down they asked if we wanted flat or sparkling water - don't you hate when restaurants do that and trick you into buying overpriced bottled water?  I specifically clarified "tap" after some of the girls said flat and they still brought out about 7 bottles all opened and ready to pretty much pour straight into our throats.  That was my one big complaint of the night.  Oh yeah, and I also asked them to box up some leftovers for us to take, which they never did.

Food - surprisingly yummy.  We had a 7-course pre-fixe which included a shrimp appetizer, organic greens salad with carrot-ginger dressing, giant sushi platter, miso sea bass, teriyaki chicken over purple mashed potatoes, beef carpaccio(?), chocolate bread pudding and finally a tres leite (I have no idea what this is but it was delicious). The highlight for me was the sea bass.  Very similar to a miso black cod or butterfish.  I loved the chicken.  Usually, I'm indifferent to teriyaki but it was moist and so unique with the creamy potatoes.  The beef dish was like a beef tataki - very rare (almost raw) and with nice acidity.  Desserts did not disappoint at all - I'd say it was actually a highlight of the meal.

Well done, Sushi Samba.  You were way overpriced but I have to admit I enjoyed myself.
Went back last week....the seviches and robatas were too good to pass up while I was in town.  

We ordered the Rock Shrimp tempura, Sea Bass Miso, and tuna seviche.  Everything was great.  The place was crowded, the crowd was hip and I was in culinary heaven.  

If you like seafood fusion, when in Vegas go to Sushisamba.
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food. I was here for lunch and the dining room was darker than most other restaurants are for dinner.
I'm visiting Vegas for a week and my cousin took me to Sushi Samba for some good food and conversation.

I feel like I should preface my review by saying that I'm from Hawaii and seeing Larger than Life Vegas decor is rare to see back home. This is not to say there aren't trendy, cool looking restaurants, it's just to say they aren't found on every block in Hawaii.

First of all, I dug the atmosphere. Really mellow, a restaurant that looks part modern art gallery, part restaurant, and part trendy graffiti hangout. 

The food was really delicious and I wish I could remember the names of everything I ate. I'm not a big fish person, but I had this miso sea bass and it was sooo good. Just the right amount of flavoring and no fishy taste (which I don't like when eating fish). I also had a butter garlic scallop that just melted in my mouth. 

The service was superb, the manager introduced himself and made sure we had a great time, and the food was delicious.

We definitely need something like this back in Hawaii. Would definitely go back again.
Everything was excellent here, except for the sashimi fishes. The quality is poor and wasn't too fresh. Very pricey place.

Ordered:
Churrasco: Rio Grande five meats: The grilled hanger steak and ribeye was the best!!! Get medium rare - A must to get!!!
Sashimi combo: wasn't all that great, fishes were bad

Rolls: Between $15-20 - Overall nothing spectacular or interesting besides their sauces.
Rainbow Dragon roll: it was okay
Capoeira Roll: This one was pretty good, but typical softshell crab with avocado
Yamato tuna: tasted like regular tuna roll...
absolutely loved my experience at Sushi Samba (or maybe it was just b/c of the cocktail tree we ordered haha) - everything from the service to the food was spot on for our meal. i had been to the SushiSamba in NYC before and the vegas restaurant has a totally different vibe - it's darker, louder with a party atmosphere but i guess that's not surprise since it is vegas and all haha 

our server, Matt was awesome! he thoroughly explained everything on the menu to us and when we asked him for recommendations, he did not disappoint! everything that he told us to order, we loved haha (i.e. cucumber specialty drink, Chilean sea bass, kobe beef taquitos). Matt was super knowledgeable, efficient, and friendly. he even offered to get us into some clubs that night b/c he was heading out to some places after work! haha 

on to the food and drink...5 girls + 1 cocktail tree = trouble haha. the cocktail tree comes with a total of 15 oversized shots of specialty drinks. we chose 3 different flavors - a mango/rum, cucumber/vodka, and soju mix. all 3 were def really good and even though it doesnt taste like much alcohol, it totally sneaks up on you haha. for my dinner, i ordered 2 rolls - the maya (their version of a CA roll) and the capoiera (their version of a soft shell crab roll) - both were yummy and it was just enough food to leave me satisfied but not overly full. 

yes this place is more on the expensive side, but it's vegas...what else do you expect. my portion alone was $50 but i didnt mind paying so much since the food was delicious, service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was super fun! oh and not to mention that we were able to get our desserts comped (coconut soup and chocolate banana cake were both yummy) :)
Yum yum, gimme some.
I been wanting to try this since I had heard of it in Miami. I love the fusion idea. All I have to say is miso marinated chilaen sea bass, YUMM. It comes with a Peruvian corn which is interesting. The rolls are not typical japanese rolls because of the blend of Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine. The last time we were here, we had the seafood paella which was surprisingly pretty good. The civiche's were ok also. Good food but a little pricey, and trendy ambiance.
Our waiter made a really good point that many people believe your restaurant is a traditional Japanese restaurant if you have sushi in the name. However, this place certainly did not disappoint.

So this location is a mix of Chilean, Brazilian, and Japanese tastes. It certainly was unique. The environment is vibrant and alive. I felt that it really complimented their fusion style really well. They had flat screen TVs and projectors everywhere, showing pleasant scenery or traditional acts. I was just amazed by their design and color throughout the restaurant. Their decor was also very compatible with their theme. The look was sharp and inviting at the same time.

The food was great. I tried the BoBo Brazil Roll. I tried this because I wanted to experience their unique tastes, and it certainly brought the restaurant's fusion tastes together. It had seared kobe beef and red onions on top of what I think was an avocado roll with kaiware, and some other ingredients. It cost $17; the taste was awesome, but we could not decide whether or not it was worth the full $17. Other items we ordered included a pork belly ramen, a ribeye bento box, and a terriyaki chicken bento box. These were generic dishes, but they turned out great.  
The restaurant serves dishes in appetizer or small portions. Do not expect a large portion when ordering an entree. This restaurant is more for people who want to shell out a little bit of cash to enjoy something unique. Four of us ordered a total of 6 items and then mochi ice cream for desert. 

The service was really on top of everything. Our waiter knew the menu and was able to tell us what was in every item we asked, and told us what to expect from the restaurant's style of cooking. He came around periodically to make sure everything was okay, and just did a perfect job.

I would definitely recommend people to try this place at least once. It is a little on the pricey end, but it is worth the quality of food that you receive.
Sushi Samba was the perfect spot to fill up on tasty food after a quick shopping spree at The Shoppes at The Palazzo with my fashionista girlfriend. We went straight for the $16 Chilean seabass bento box, which was the best deal on the lunch menu. It came with miso soup, field green salad, tuna roll and oshinko pickles. 

The three skewers of miso glazed seabass, along with all the sides, was a nice amount of food (though could've been a little small for a big appetite), but I seriously could have eaten three more skewers. The seabass was amazing! That miso marinade was to die for. I suppose I could've gotten the entree portion, but for lunch, it was perfect. Plus, $29 is a bit much to spend on a lunch entree. There were six tuna rolls, so that also made the bento filling.

The funky decor was really cool, and reminded me a little of Blowfish in the bay area -- but much bigger and with Latin influences intertwined. The staff was awesome, and the food came out quick. We were in and out in a flash, and back to the pool before our guys even missed us.
What a great dinner to end the weekend!!!

Came here for a bachelorette party dinner and we did the tasting menu for about $75 per person with tax and tip in the end.  

The tasting menu allowed us to try a variety of dishes but a lot of them too!  So much that in the end, I was too full to finish my portion!

I thought the service here was more than awesome! Before they started to bring out the food, they went around to ask about people's allergies and who doesn't like sushi and things like that.  After getting it all down, they proceeded to bring out food.  If they were to bring out something that had something that someone was allergic to, then that person would get a substituted dish!  I thought that was pretty awesome!

We got so many that I can't remember them all but I'll list out the ones I do remember!

Tuna tartar -delish!
scallops - double delish!
sashimi - delish delish!
sea bass - the best of the night! delish delish delisssh!
tacos - spicy!!
steak filet - it was ook, a bit on the dry side for my taste
peruvian corn - this was pretty interesting!
gyoza - very big and delish pieces!
vegetable rolls - the sesame dipping sauce was pretty good!

i'm sure there were more but i wasn't disappointed with any! everything was good!  

the dessert i could have passed on, it was fondue. i think i'm not such a big fan of fondue! 

but i would definitely come here again!
So we are in Vegas and looking for a Sushi fix. Granted, I am not a big fan of things "fusion" but this place made me a believer.

Amazing and delectable cuisine at the Palazzo in Vegas. 

This sushi is a fusion of Asian, Peruvian and simply deliciousness.

They have this thing with sauces that you dunk some of your sushi in which is simply out of this world.

The service and attention to detail is simply impeccable and worth every penny.

If you do not like crowds and long long waits, go during lunch when it is quiet.

The decor is really nice and inviting. Cozy, even romantic. 

Definitely try the tasting menu. Somewhat dressy.

Will be back fo' sure!
I've never seen a kids menu available at a Japanese or Asian fusion restaurant. The little boy dining near us was given one of those training chopsticks that are screwed together and all you have to do is pinch...or maybe it was his own...unsure. Haha. 

The ambiance was just lovely. While my fellow diner and I waited for our order, we gazed the room and talked about it for a good 10 minutes. 

The server was very friendly-all smiles- and she described all the dishes we had questions about and gave us great recommendations. We ordered:

seviches and tiraditos (4 assortments for $35, good deal)
      -jumbo shrimp =very fruity, didnt mix with the salty items, but good
      -kanpachi = a very anomalous taste, you'd either hate or love it
      - yellowtail tiradito = yellowtail is alwayys yumm
      - yellowtail seviche = recommended along with ^

we ordered three samba rolls
1) samba strip roll (maine lobster) = good amount of lobster and was yummy.
2) Bobo Brazil (seared kobe beef) = was pretty good
3) Pacific (crab) = mediocre

This place is a little pricey, but you can't get these rolls elsewhere can you? Idk, you try and tell me.
This place ROCKS! Located at the Palazzo, the place meets Vegas expectations- EXTREME.  The decor was fancy, the waitresses/hostess- HOT. Here is what i ordered:

Miso Encrusted Sea-bass robata; Duck robata; Hamachi jalapeno and lemon grass; Tuna Tataki; Hamachi ceviche

     Of Everything, the Sea-bass was THE BEST- Hands down. Probably the best I've ever had.  The waiter happened to recommend the sea-bass over the scallops for taste & portion size. Good call on his part, showing me that the staff is educated and willing to make suggestions.  The Hamachi and lemon grass was great.  Tuna Tataki- was OK, not great, not bad, The Hamachi Ceviche was tasty as well. 
     Friends suggested the Peruvian Plate- enough for two, but i was too interested in the menu selection to choose otherwise. He DID goto SushiSamba a bit after me, and ordered it again, so it must be worthwhile.
     Overall it was a GREAT dining experience. I will DEFINITELY be back for more. I will probably make this a staple for dining everytime i head back to Las Vegas.
This place is HOT! Soooo crowded during the dinner rush hours. The Salt & Pepper Squid was out of this wold. If you have a large group probably better to have a late dinner here. I definitely recommend this restaurant especially if you like being around a lot of hot people.
Talk about an amazing dinner!!  I was taken to Sushisamba by my gf's for my bachelorette weekend in Vegas and Sushisamba lived up to all of the rave reviews.  Our table was perfectly located near the front so we could 'see and be seen'  The atmosphere of the bar and restaurant was VERY lively (Labor Day wknd Saturday night) but we felt like they gave us very personalized attention every step of the way. 

Our waiter , Matt, was a ROCKSTAR!  He dealt with all of the crazy $h!t we kept saying and doing to him with total grace.  Also, he let us mention our pricepoint per person as well as any culinary likes/dislikes/restrictions and we let him create a tasting menu for us.  Here's what we got for $40/person (that's right...40.  Crazy)
Yellowtail ceviche taquitos- very tasty
Tuna sashimi
yellowtail sashimi
king crab legs- always a hit
spicy tuna roll + shrimp tempura roll + tuna/avocado roll
Meat sampler platter w/ hanger steak + grilled pork
sides of collard greens and peruvian corn
miso glazed seabass skewers- AMAZING

And did I mention he also hooked us up with several rounds of amazing shots??  He even made sure they had non-alcoholic shots made for the girl in our group who couldn't drink...very accomidating. 

I would definately go back there for the food and service.  A wonderful place to dine in a city full of great restaurants.
My friend and I stayed at the Palazzo during our last trip to LV.  After shopping we decided to stop at Sushi Samba on our way back to our room.  It was a great decision!  We sat at the bar, took some advice from our friendly bartender, and really enjoyed the food and our evening.  Will definitely stop by again on my next trip but go easier on the vodka and soda, oye!
So we had a fabulous room in the Palazzo and needed to have a fabulous dinner to go with it.  We were dying to go back to Bobby Flay's Mesa grill in Cesar's, but when I saw that our own very hotel had a fusion restaurant, marrying Japanese, Brazilian, AND Peruvian flavors, I knew we had to take our money there.  My daughter's part Peruvian, and she never gets to experience the cuisine.  Plus she loves sushi...well, vegetable sushi to be exact.  

As soon as we arrived, I was feeling the service and the decor....nice hostess seated us right away and an informative waitress gave us the rundown of the menu.  I had plenty of time after ordering to scope the murals (fat tip usage in a restaurant?  oh yea!).  

The children's menu also impressed me.  It was a cute menu of that collabed with an artist to give a percentage of each bento box to charity.  Wow!  My kid ordered the sliders and switched out sweet potato fries for Peruvian corn (corn on steriods, as the waitress called it).  We weren't extremely hungry, or in the need for a drink, so we ordered light:

teriyaki chicken skewers
miso soup
avocado rolls
prawn tempura
more Peruvian corn
plantains
white rice 

As you can see, we didn't order any of the restaurant specialties, but what we did get was delicious and filling.  However, as you probably already figured out, this place is $$$!  The miso soup was $6 and no different than the free soup we get at our fave sushi spot back home, and the white rice was.......$5!  WTF!  $5 for "Japanese" style rice?  Just because you put sesame seeds on top does not make it $5 (we are Filipino and require white rice with our protein always.)  Oh well, that was the most disappointing part of the dinner.  

The most impressive part of our dinner was the kids bento box.  I wish they had bento boxes for adults because that's what I always order at a Japanese joint.  Her sliders were the smallest sliders I have ever seen, but they were oh-so-cute and worked for a child.  They came with seasonal fruit, which was like 2 blueberries and half of a strawberry, and the Peruvian corn was soooo good!  My daughter ended up skewing up some on the toothpicks from the fruit (Sushi Samba, if you use that on the menu, please credit Jada).  Plus, the box came with the cutest dessert ever...a tiny smoothie with Pop Rocks on top and a little brownie ice cream sundae.  Once again, so small and petite but it worked for her!

I'm not sure if I would be excited to go back again, as I still am to go to Mesa, but if I do I might give the drinks a try.  After reading many of these reviews, I realize I have missed out on some great sushi specialties and drinks (and a trip to the fancy bathroom!).

-Tiph
Don't leave Vegas without first trying Sushi Samba! I've been to the ones in New York, but this one is much better!
Every experience I've had there so far has been nothing less than amazing! The hostesses can be a bit snobby, but the managers and the wait staff will make up for it. 
My first experience there was about a year ago. Henry was our server and I've made sure to request him every time I've been back since! He's friendly, always with a smile on his face, and makes sure you get the service you deserve. 
The decor creates the perfect atmosphere, that can be both great for a romantic date, or a night out with the girls! 
Don't forget to try their strawberry martini!
I wasn't entirely impressed but my boyfriend and his cousins kept raving about this place and how good it was so I decided to try it.  I ended up having the pork ramen which to me the broth was pretty bland.  For $18 i expect something a bit more spectacular but it wasn't...the pork was pretty good though!  My boyfriend let me try his kobe beef that was in his bento box and that was okay too.  We ordered a side of fries which never came -booooo!!!  Maybe the next time I'm in town, I'll give it another try and hopefully it will be better but this time it was just "A-OK"
I LOVE this restaurant!  We must have ordered 9 or 10 dishes, from all over the menu (it is a big menu).  The kitchen pumped them out in nice timing, each one was better then the rest.  Sake was great, service was great.  It is now my favorite restaurant in LV.
We want one of these in San Francisco. The food was excellent, the service was awesome, and the drinks were pretty damn good too. 
We did what many have mentioned doing and had our server create a tasting menu of her favorite dishes. 
She chose for us,
Tuna Taco's
Filet Mignon with mushrooms in a savory coconut sauce
Seabass Skewers with peruvian corn
Yellowtail Sashimi with lemongrass 
Spicy Tuna and Tempura Shrimp rolls
I couldnt tell you if the fish was fresh or not because its covered in sauce.  

When you try omakase (where they pick what they make for you) they give you four things at once so if you dont like something, you try one of the other things and forget about not liking the first thing that you tried.

sushi for the masses
i used to go here on sundays for feijoada, they made a really good feijoada, i was here last about a month ago and was devastated to find out that they no longer have feijoada... how can a place that is supposed to have brazilian food, not have feijoada, the national dish? at least they still made me a caipirinha.
Came here for lunch a few weeks ago.  This place is nice inside and has good atmosphere.  Price wise its high even for Vegas standards.  Food was good but, not great and not the best sushi I've had in Vegas.

Service was good but, not great.  Like I said the atmosphere is great here and loved the inside of the place.  Kind of dark inside though.

There was 3 of us for lunch.  We started out with Tiger Shrimp and Japanese Vegetables tempura, Seaweed Salad, and Yellowtail.  OK starting with the Tempura for 14.00 there was nothing here.  Very unimpressed as this was not even enough to share with 2 people.  Seaweed Salad was not good at all.  We just had Khotan two nights before and they had the best Seaweed Salad I've had yet.  Anyways, hijiki, aka-tosaka, goma wakame, wakame, tomato caviar, lemon is what came in the Seaweed Salad it was very weak and lacked taste.   As, for the Yellowtail it was very good and the sauce it came with was great.  Most of my rating comes from this and this alone.  As for lunch itself I got the Samba Sushi chef's inspiration sushi assortments and it was good but, nothing great and for 26.00 it should be great.  Anyways we split up everything and I paid for the Tempura and Sushi and it came to 51.02 for lunch with tip.

The place is nice and food was OK but, would skip for other Sushi options on and off the strip.
I hate being a dissenter but...

It was only okay. The food was all right although the service was fantastic and the dessert was really great. I just thought the sushi was overdone. Too many things in it so it was hard to identify a single defining flavor. 

I would definitely return for drinks and maybe if I order the simpler sushi.
I'd like an order of pretension please, overpriced with a side of sushi.

That is my conclusion after eating at this middling-in-everything-but-the-cost restaurant. Some of the low points:

- $6 tea. TEA! You know, the stuff you drop leaves in water to make?

- $6 Edamame. Were they able to pontificate about the glories of Socrates vs. Plato? No? Well for that price they should have been.

The rolls were reasonable but after BC nothing compared to Tentatsu. Look it up. 

Avoid this restaurant unless you want to drop your cash.
I've eaten here several times and it was consistant. The food was good ( just don't order the beef dish because the steak was very tough). The pork belly ramen is really good, although it was quiet expensive for such a small bowl. 

The tuna appetizer was yummy and the sush qaulity is good
I have peruvian corn for the first time here and not sure if I liked it ( it tasted like potatoes) but I liked that they had a good mix on thier menu, It was a peruvian, bazillian japanese fusion.

the service is super slow but at least the music is good as you wait.
This place should change their name to Samba Sushi because sushi is definitely the secondary focus of their menu. I ordered the classics: Spicy Tuna and Salmon Avocado. How can you mess that up? The sushi was fresh but absolutely flavorless with no kick. Also, for some reason, their wasabi was diluted in intensity as well. 

I mean, I know you have to focus on two different types of foods thar originated on 2 different continents but I've been to Japanese/Portuguese fusion restaurants in Brazil and they get it on point! Word of advice to the chef/owner: Take a trip to Brazil and learn how the pros get it done.
Apryl and I were looking for some sushi. We had made our way to the Canal Shoppes at the Venetian and were browsing the directory for sushi places when we were approached by an employee. We told him what we were looking for and he quickly suggested Samba Sushi, adding that "it's the best sushi on the Strip!"... 

After walking nearly a mile, we found Sushi Samba. The decor looked interesting and it had a great vibe. 

We each ordered a special roll and split another spicy tuna roll. After waiting 20 minutes, three small, thin, very weird looking rolls arrived to our table. 

I will spare you the details of how Apryl and I managed to get these things down, but it was not easy. Hands down, the worst sushi I've ever had the trouble of putting in my mouth. The idea and creativity of the roll sounds better on the menu than it looks, and far better than it actually tastes. Flavorless and lacking any kind of texture. 

Save yourself $50... Buy a can of tuna and leave it in your hotel room for a day or two... It'll taste the same.
I Love SUSHI... This place is the best sushi I have ever had...But soo expensive.

We ordered 3 Oysters, 1 tiger shrimp tempura, 3 sushi rolls and 1 alcoholic beverage= $130

The oysters we very fresh.
The 3 sushi rolls, had very good taste and texture. best sushi Ive had, they all had different taste to them, not like other sushi rolls where they taste similar too eachother.

I would go back, just for their sushi rolls, BOMB ...
it's an interesting joint because it's a fusion of japanese, brazilian, and peruvian food. the food is really different and delicious. it is a bit pricy, but well worth it. where else will you be able to eat a meal with these many different elements. every bite is exciting and everything i ordered on the menu is great. the sashimi is great also.
Who: Myself and Co-Workers (5 of us total)
What: Amazing Japanese + Brazilian Food.
When: Resos at 8 PM. 
Why: At a conference in Vegas, SushiSamba was AMAZING! From my drink- a margarita with a Jalapeno floating in it to the Carrot Cake. Highly recommend this place. Booked our resos on Opentable and had no problem setaing us. Dinner was serverd super fast. I HIGHLT recommend the Toro Roll and make sure you ask for extra green salsa to dip it in!
i will never eat here again unless i get comped and i am desperate for sushi... 

way over priced... you kno i don't mind spending money on food, especially sushi, but this place has the smallest portions anywhere i kno.

i ate at the bar, maybe i need to try table service but for now i hate it!
Went here twice on a recent foray in Vegas - once for dinner at the bar and a second time just drinking at the bar.

Sushi-wise, the restaurant does a good job. Their rolls are creative and beautifully presented. Check out the Rainbow Dragon, as the use of red peppers offers a pretty un-traditional take on Japanese sushi rolls. It's definitely expensive to grab a meal here once you tack on drinks, but I would say it's worth it. Don't come expecting traditional/formal sushi, although you can definitely get that if you come here. I would recommend being adventurous and getting something that is unique to the restaurant. The portions aren't huge and while it's easy to complain about that, well, this ain't the Wynn buffet people! Consider it your opportunity to splurge and try a plethora of dishes to widen your palate. Or, since their kitchen is open well past midnight, stroll in later in the night for a post-gambling/show/club-hopping snack.

Samba-wise, the ambiance fits the decor they're trying to promote - some sort of trendy and dark restaurant. If you want a quiet meal, don't come here (actually - why are you even in Vegas??).

Drink-wise, this place excels. The Tequilana Caliente is a tasty cocktail that packs a punch. The Caipirinha uses high quality Leblon cachaa. And if those two aren't good enough (or you're like me and you drink both cocktails and want a third), try the Chu-Cumber sochu - our bartender made this into a shot, which went down so smoothly even though it was basically all alcohol. The one downside that evening was that they were out of their plums for their Bushido drink, a cocktail that has daikon in it too. I guess that means there's always something to come back to.
It's been a week since I was in Vegas and ate at Sushi Samba... and I think I've thought about it at least once a day since then...

This place is great for groups.  I was with a group of 8 and we were in party mode.  The ambiance added to it... I would say that it has sort of a loungey/clubby atmosphere, but dress is casual.

Our waiter was awesome.  I wish I could remember his name.  We basically told him what we liked and didn't like and he created our menu for us.  We had so many different plates that I can't remember them all.  We had a lot of sashimi, a lot of rolls, and some in-betweens.  The ones that stick out in my mind are the Yellowtail Seviche Taquitos and the Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass... DELISH.  They also served us these raw, semi-thin slices of Kobe beef with a bunch of different sauces and spices that we could dip it in before searing it on a hot rock!

We also had a few bottles of expensive sake and were taking shots all throughout dinner...  KUNG PAO!

With all that said, there are two reasons I didn't give Sushi Samba 5 stars.  The quality of most of the fishes was good, but not great.  This was more evident in the sashimi-style dishes.  Also, the pricing is a bit steep.  Our meal ended up being about $200 per person.  While it was really good and the service was great, I didn't feel like I had a dinner that equated to that much money.
was staying at the Palazzo and kept passing by Sushi Samba.  we came one night when it was fairly busy, and was trying to decide if we wanted to eat here.  we asked the hostess if we could see a menu.  she said yes and went to attend to her other duties.  after about 5 minutes of her ignoring us we left, annoyed.  the menus are right behind the front desk.

we walked by again during the day time, when it was mostly empty and decided to have lunch.  my girlfriend and i shared the ribeye teriyaki bento box ($18) and the el topo roll ($14).  the el topo roll had cheese, jalepenos and salmon which doesnt sound like it would go together, but was amazingly good.  the ribeye steak in the bento box was a generous portion for lunch.  

over all, i would go to sushi samba again, as i have seen it in miami, chicago and new york.  im excited to try the rest of their specialty rolls
I've eaten here twice.  Both times were excellent.  I like the 3 meat platter where you get to try different meats with different sauces.  We had both beef and pork.  Very big portion and filling.  Other favorites are seabass anticucho, lobster roll, oysters on the half shell, and the sambatini!  yum yum.
Went to Sushi Samba last night for dinner with eight people and absolutely loved the restaurant.  The decor was very Peruvian and exotic than your normal Sushi titled restaurant.   One thing is for sure though, the sushi is AMAZING.  Had the El Topo roll and some of the sushi sampler platter.... both the warm El Topo and the cold sampler platter were of the finest grade sushi I've ever tasted.  I would have to saw the overall food quality was everything I expected from the Palazzo.  The plates are more tapas styled with the Lobster tacos and Apps being very tiny in size but gargantuan in flavor.  

I would recommend that if you go with a large appetite to look on the menu for the "large plates" section lol.... the 3-meat and 5-meat for $40 and $60 respectfully will be filling enough for 2 people and not break the bank if your on a budget... don't sleep on the sushi rolls and bring your own Sake and have them cork it.... Sake prices in the restaurant are silly.
i love sushi samba! the rolls are amazing...this time i tried the neo tokyo roll and the el topo roll. i also finally got to try the crispy yellowtail taquitos. like i said before it's a bit pricy, but worth it. however i would say a 3.5 star rating this time because our service wasn't as great as the past few times i've been here. he forgot our appetizer, the rolls took forever, and he forgot to refill our drinks. the worst part about it we went when it wasn't busy at all...maybe it was the fact that there was a table next to us spending a lot of $$$$ because he was going to their table non-stop and their food came out faster than ours...even though we ordered 10 mins before they did :[
It is time for me to write my review for SushiSamba after all the times I have been to this location. The ambiance in the Strip branch is pretty nice. You don't get to mingle with a crowd of people like in their Dromo (Miami) location but you still get to have a hell of a dining experience. The dining room is pretty dark almost like a nightclub, the music is loud and the drinks are strong. So all in all, this is a supper club.

Otsumami is a must to have as a starter. The trio of shishito peppers, green bean tempura and edamame is the perfect way to start over a round of caipirinhas.

After this you can do a round of robata. Filet mignon, lamb chop, chicken, eggplant and seabass, they're all great and some of them come with the huge Peruvian corns which are so tasty.

As for the main course, I have tried their sea bass entree which I loved until I had the Moqueca. The Moqueca is simply the best seafood stew I have ever had in my whole life. It is a medley of shrimp, squid, sea bass and crayfish cooked in a pot with coconut milk and cashews.

Top this with more caipirinhas and maybe a couple of their desserts from their expansive dessert menu and you'll have yourself a great dinner right before you head into an endless Vegas night... You'll have a great dinner in a great ambiance with great music and on top of it you'll have a little bit of a buzz...
Wow! I'll start off with that. This place was very good and the dining experience here was great.  A buddy and I sat at the sushi bar, the lady brought us over the menu, we browse it, deciding what to get and really couldn't decide.  The server stops by and explains some items and then also mentions we have the chef's choice (omakase) and we hesitate for a minute and sure, we'll take two.

The first course was string beans tempura, boring right?  No, the truffle aioli sauce that came with this was amazing.  I can't even explain the taste, it was really good.  You can drink it with a straw.  

The second course pork gyoza, sitting on a squash puree of some sort, I want to say butternut squash or something similar.  These were OK, nothing special.  The rock shrimp tempura was delicious, nice spicy mayo sauce on top.  And the last component was a yellowtail taquito.  I liked these and it was served with a spicy sriracha sauce of some sort.

Third course was meat heaven.  Grilled pork tenderloin, hanger steak, and ribeye.  Woo-wee!  I have to say though, some of the ribeye was a little charred, particularly the end pieces, but the middle was done right, medium-rare.  The hanger steak was good, tender and chunks of fat, good stuff.  The pork loin was awesome.  This dish is served with three sauces, two types of chimichurri and some peruvian pepper puree sauce that was unreal!  The pork fit so perfectly with this sauce, so recommended for anyone.  The chimichurri was so-so, not so great, but still good.

The last course consisted of rolls.  They have a special spicy yellowtail tuna roll with tempura flakes, but I thought this was OK, I've had better.  Then a simple salmon and avocado and eel and avocado.  I've had the eel/avocado mixture many times, but I must say this is the best I've had.  The typical black sauce that's topped on was really good.  It had a sweet taste to it and all the flavors meshed oh so well.  Good stuff.

My companion was done as we had so much food.  I decided to take a dive and get some dessert.  It was a chocolate, white chocolate pudding/custard type consistency and some crushed chocolate granola on the bottom.  It was OK, not that good.

Overall, great spot and recommended.  The chef's choice isn't as steep as all vs Nobu and Morimoto's (where I've had both).  You get the "fusion-ness" from the Peruvian and Brazilian influence.  Luckily there's a few on the east coast in NYC, so I don't have to travel as far.
The sushi was creative and the fish was dam fresh. I have to say I got the best uni I have ever had, so good. Our waitress was top of the line. Cute, engaging, prompt and knowledgeable. I would recommend this place to anyone.

The only down side was it was a little loud.
Every year I go to Miami for Winter Music Conference I have been lured to go eat at Sushi Samba over on Lincoln but I have never had the chance to eat there. Not sure why. Maybe it always seemed to packed and I didn't want to wait. I know now that I missed out on some damn good meals.

Right before Thanksgiving my wife and my father in law traveled over to Las Vegas for a few nights. As we walked into the Venetian Hotel I saw a billboard for Sushi Samba at the adjoining hotel, The Palazzo and I knew then where we were going for dinner. We went up to our room, freshened up and headed out.

We were quickly seated (it was a Sunday Night and the place was half full) and placed some drink orders. My wife had one of the specialty drinks which was quite good and I had some Nigiri Sake. We started off with the Otsumami appetizer which came with Edamame, Shishito Peppers and Green Bean Tempura with Black Truffle Aioli. All 3 were excellent but we found ourselves fighting over the Green Beans and that yummy Aioli. 

Next up was a mixture of Ceviches and Tiraditos. We tried 4 all together with both Salmon and Yellowtail. Amazing flavor. The Yellowtail Ceviche Taquitos were also amazing. I could eat those all day. We also had a couple of things from the Robata grill. The stand out was the Miso Glazed Sea Bass. It was incredible. So tasty. It was the best Sea Bass I have ever had. Period! The Peruvian corn that came with it also was quite tasty.

The waitress recommended the Mushroom Toban-Yaki with some grilled duck from the Robata grill. It was so intense and earthy. I definitely got use of those umami tastebuds with this dish. Loved every bit. After all that, we saved room for 2 speciality sushi rolls, The Samba Strip Roll and the Neo Tokyo Roll. Both were amazing and filled with different flavors. 

All in all one of the best meais I have had in a while and I have had some amazing meals recently. If in Vegas, you owe yourself. DO IT.
Like the unique sushi and brazillian food. Got there super packed but didn't wait for table since we had hookups. Best sake and great service
Came in for lunch on a Sunday, which was very quiet, but nice. 

Sushi Samba is a blend of Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine and they had plenty of dishes to choose from.

We got seated at the bar, which I find odd that you can't order straight from the sushi chefs that are standing right in front of you.  So it's like seating at the tables anyway, but your closer to the TVs and can stare at the fresh fishes available.  

We started with Seared Kobe Beef- ponzu gele, warm Japanese mushrooms, truffled tofu crema, I thought it was a little too salty, but overall, the dish was very good.  

sashimi tiradito- Yellowtail jalapeo and lemongrass- the yellowtail was fresh and the sauce was good. It was more lemongrass tasting, didn't really taste the jalapeno. 

anticuchos which are two skewers served with peruvian corn (double the size of normal corn and a bit harder) Sea Bass and Miso- the fish was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  This was the most recommended dish and it was worth the try.  There was no fishy taste. 

Samba Rolls- El Topo- salmon, jalapeo, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzarella, crispy onion- warm rolls, very tasty, melted right in my mouth.  

For sushi, their ika was good and their sake (salmon) was pretty darn fresh tasting. 

Their green tea was also very good. I believe it's $5.  

Overall, the service was great and quick.  They came and refilled everything without asking.  Food was good and I can't wait to come back to try everything else.
Oh lord, this review is a toughie to write.  Sushi Samba is a unique restaurant in that it's a blend of Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian influence, and we had so many different flavors and samplings of things, this will be quite a mixed review.  

They definitely anticipate people being unable to choose from the wide-range of items on the menu, so they actually give you the option of letting the waitress put together your order based on likes, dislikes, preferences, food allergies, and based on PRICE, etc.  We spouted out... "Salmon!"   

                "Tuna!"  

"SPICE!"        "allergic to shrimp!"    

                 "Jalapenos!"  

So, the waitress brought out the following:

(1) Edamame with sea salt and lime.

Small plates:
(2) Berkshire Pork Gyoza (kabocha pumpkin pure and su-shoyu dipping sauce) - VERY good! The pumpkin puree is a nice touch!  Just be sure to scrape it all off the plate when you pick up the gyoza!
(3) Tuna Tataki (white asparagus, fresh heart of palm, avocado, tatsoi, citrus soy) - This is seared tuna, marinated a bit in vinegar and ginger - also very good. I have never had tatsoi before - but it is quite good! Tastes and looks a bit like spinach but is better!

Seviches:
(4) Salmon asparagus, red radish, pineapple, lime - quite good! 2nd fave of the four seviches.
(5) Yellowtail jalapeo and lemongrass - Our table came to the consensus that this was the winner of the 4 seviches.  Perfect amount of spice from the japaleno, and just a bit of tang from the lemongrass - goes very well together with the hamachi! VERY good!
(6) Tuna granny smith apple, serrano, lime - I did NOT like this one - the apple taste is awful in my opinion... Pass.
(7) The last one had a very traditional Peruvian seviche taste - lemon, lime very simple, and good.  The type of fish they used escapes me now.. apologies.

Robata:
(8) Sea bass and miso anticucho - sea bass pieces marinated with delicious miso on skewers - SO GOOD. The fish is very fresh and tender - and the miso is light, but very tasty!  It also comes with Peruvian corn kernels - which if you haven't had it - each kernel is about 5 times the size of a normal corn kernel, and is a bit meatier. YUM!

Large plates:
(9) Toban Yaki organic mushroom, charred green onion, garlic chips, kobe beef! They split this in two bowls - which was strange because one bowl was better than the other. Not sure how much I liked this dish - the sauce was very heavy/creamy yet bland and lacked something. The other bowl had more tang to the sauce and was better - inconsistency - not good!  Mushrooms were yummy though!

Samba rolls:
(10) El Toro (salmon, jalapeo, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzarella, crispy onion): the fave of the bunch yet still not that great seeing as how it doesn't really "count" as sushi - melted mozzarella? come on.
(11) Neo Tokyo yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca - this was a disappointment! The waitress called it the "ultimate spicy tuna" - but it was NOT spicy whatsoever.  She mentioned that they use a fresher version of tuna - not so when you order spicy tuna elsewhere (where they use the leftover bits of fish and mash it up). MEH, pass.
(12) Veggie Kun avocado, tomato, arugula, oshinko, yamagobo, wasabi nori flake, tofu miso - PASS! Tastes fresh but dude - where's the fish!? 
(13) CAN'T REMEMBER this last roll because I was SO FULL and couldn't have anymore!!!

This was SO much food - 70 per person. I'd pass on the rolls, and go for samplings of their other small dishes, seviches, skewers! 4 stars.
Yum, that's all I can really say. Japanese-Peruvian fusion with a raw bar menu, for me this is just a little piece of heaven. I've been a few times now and the food has been consistently good, the menu is nicely varied, and the service is decent too. Even on a busy night I've never felt rushed. The servers are pretty helpful figuring out how much to order and don't try to oversell to make more $$$ which I've found to be common in other tapas style places.

The reason for only 3 stars is that the sushi is just average. Really, I'd like to give a 3.5, if that could be done as there are a lot of other things to choose from. If you give this place a try, stick with the fusion dishes or small plates. Save your sushi cravings for somewhere else. Definitely try the miso glazed sea bass skewers though; it's like crack.
bf and i yelped and yelped for a sushi place on christmas evening to have dinner.  alas, we ended up here after strolling the strip for a place that didnt require dressy attire.  this place is in a corner somewhere in the venetian [the palazzo tower i think - easy to get confused about what building you're in, esp in vegas]

so we walked right up without a reservation and were seated immediately.  ordered 2 pieces of sake sashimi [salmon] at $4.50 each piece, they were pretty wimpy, somewhat thinly sliced measuring at about a measly 3 inches in length and 1 inch in height lol

we're used to something triple in size so we were not super disappointed knowing it was vegas and a super mod place on the strip.  but it was just okay.

only thing memorable was the Seared Kobe Beef ponzu gele, warm japanese mushrooms, truffled tofu crema 18.00 drool truffle creme.  it was however much like carpaccio lol [beware of fancy names]

had the Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass roasted organic vegetables and oshinko 29.00 - overcooked and hardly any flavor.  also seemed like it was a bit cold at first bite.  we've had really good pan-asian fish at "house" in sf.

also had the Rainbow Dragon freshwater eel, red bell pepper, cucumber, mango, avocado 15.00 - it wasn't bad but wasn't a wow either.

overall experience was ok, but we won't be back.  the couple next to us complained about the portions for the price.  we knew going in it would cost more but we expected a bit more too.
great food. good ambiance. restaurant quite open and lacks privacy. music a touch loud.  I like the small portions so you can sample several different things and you wind up with quite an eclectic meal. 
but the food....yummmmmm...
the Kobe beef appetizer was good. thinly sliced beef, marinated I think. so tasty.
had the samba roll (sushi) or something like that. was fair. 
the sea bass.....melted in my mouth...and the Peruvian corn??  I coulda eaten 5 ears' worth....
dessert was the banana chocolate amazingness (not the real name :-P). 
the sea bass and the dessert were recommended by our server. and he was spot-on. so good. 
we left feeling amazingly sated yet not overly stuffed. 
the drinks were pretty good too. 
will go again, for sure.
This place has some unique flavors going on.  To be totally fair we only tried the appetizers.  The one that stood out in my mind was the duck confit tacos.  Our server was very helpful and attentive.  I think its a must try if you're looking for a quick late night sushi spot for light food.  Much better than the location that closed in Dallas....
The Sushi Samba in Miami is much better than the LV location all because of the quality of the fish.

Sushi Samba Las Vegas had the WORST fish for their taradito. We had the combination platter and the fish was FISHY and TOUGH. We also paid $12 a piece for their Toro (fatty tuna) and it was so tough we needed a knife to cut it. The strings of fat in the tuna were like steak gristle - gross! Our Kampachi was also extremely tough. When we asked our waiter about it, he said it was supposed to be like that? NO WAY!

Their miso sea bass was really really good but after eating tough fishy fish, my appetite was gone.

I know Vegas is far from the ocean, but come on!!! Don't charge $12 a piece for Toro and then insist that you aren't supposed to be able to cut it with a butter knife.

Will stick to the Miami location! Much more lively, bright and yummy.
After having waited 40 minutes for our food at Zine and walking out annoyed and with empty bellies, we were not easy to please.  (In stark contrast to the 'I am not sure what was going on' at Zine) Everything went super professionally at Sushi Samba from the the time we arrived till the time we left.  They must train or only select top quality people to work here.  The genuine smile of the hostess while seating us put us at ease.  The response to our cries of hunger were quickly met with concern and efficiency by our wonderful waitress.  Most of our orders came within like two minutes of ordering them.  I am talking whole sushi rolls that were perfectly made... amazing!!   You do pay for it but I found the quality of everything from the service to the food to be of very high quality.  We had mostly sushi and finished the meal with some beautifully presented mochi covered ice cream which I highly recommend.
Fusion cuisine - Japanese and Brazilian mix - which I, personally, am not particularly fond of. The food there is relatively cheap as compared to some of the other sushi places in Vegas however be prepared to shell out a lot for the quality ingredients.

First off, the Kobe (A5 grade) although very good, was not as good as the one I had at Shibuya. Most notable was the Kobe on the rock. (Feel free to skip the Kobe on a platter of mushrooms as it was on okay and not really worth the money as the Kobe was a lot more well done). Moreover the sashimi Kobe was a little to this for my tastes and not as lean as I would have liked. As for the fish you can't go wrong with the Otoro or Yellowtail. As for the rolls the Yamato was decent/normal, same with the Neo Tokyo, nothing really special (ie. skippable). The service was extremely good as our water cups rarely ran low and the manager was very helpful in getting the bill comped. 

All in it wasn't too bad of a restaurant however it is unlikely one that I would pay for especially with the number of other foods in Vegas.
Sushi Samba was a fun but hectic experience, and the food was good.  It was very crowded on a Friday night, to be expected.  We called ahead but when we got there they said it would still be a very long wait so we decided to sit at the sushi bar.  The waiter was very nice and helpful with recommendations when we asked, but he was just swamped.  We ordered several small plates and they all came right in a row so that we didn't have much space and felt rushed to eat.  Our drinks (which we ordered first) didn't arrive until we were almost finished with our meal.  The mint julep was one of the worst I've ever had, but the other drink we got was fine so maybe that was just a one time thing on the mint julep.  Also our order got a little mixed up, we ordered two sushi items and when they brought it out one was correct and one was wrong.  But it looked good and the place was kind of hectic as I said, so we decided to keep it.

Now to the food: some dishes are really delicious.  I would recommend the Kobe beef carpaccio with mushrooms, it was a really nice combination of flavors.  And the duck skewers were cooked perfectly and came with a sauce underneath that was yummy but didn't overwhelm the duck.  The sushi items were fine but not special.  The edamame was really good, but that's hard to screw up so I can't really give them points for that.  

The decor was exciting and fun, plus points for that.
Sushi Samba is an interesting fusion restaurant that meshes Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisines together. The food is good but not great. The decor is very cool and modern. The value is not that great consider most Brazilian and Peruvian cuisines are fairly inexpensive and the menu is not dominated by Japanese food. This place is good for a sensual experience or hot date oppose to a gluttony fest.
We got there around 6:30pm just in time for happy hour and the bar was still pretty packed. We waited a couple of minutes till there were 2 seats available. We really shouldn't have bothered to wait...
We asked the bartender for happy hour menus and then we ordered a mojito and a caipirinha. My friend loves mojitos, I don't care for them. He said these were the worse he's ever had. The mojito was slightly better than the caipirinha, but not by much. It practically tasted the same. We also ordered the Berry Smash and the Samba Juice which actually looked and tasted quite similar except that the Berry Smash has no alcohol! None of these drinks were very strong, nor tasted good. For around $12-$15 a drink, it really should've be made by a professional. We went to Craftsteak the night before and the drinks there were fantastic. The bartenders @ Sushi Samba are pretty, but they don't know how to make a decent cocktail. However, it's not all their fault since they were using mostly mixers and not premium alcohol/fresh ingredients unlike other upscale bars/restaurants. 

We also had some apps with our drinks. 
Apps: Spicy Tuna Roll, Yellowtail Seviche and Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos. 

For a Friday night, their sushi was clearly not very fresh. The spicy tuna was okay, the spicy sauce that was placed on top instead of mixed with the tuna hid whatever flavor the tuna had. I didn't like the yellowtail seviche, but my friend thought it was okay. I thought it was too bitter from the lime. The worse thing out of this whole experience were the yellowtail taquitos. The fish tasted spoiled. My friend was sick all night. It could've been the ridiculous amount of alcohol we consumed that night since we went to Dos Caminos later that night, but my friend says it was definitely the yellowtail taquitos... The drinks at Dos Caminos are so much better than Sushi Samba's... the mojitos are strong and freshly made and the glasses are 2x the size :P
So this was my 2nd time there. And now my stars were cut in half-
Food was phenomenal the first time I was there  (July 2009) 
We did the omokase style dining and my hubs and I were simply enchanted with the whole visit.  We were raving about the food, the service, the ambience- it was great!  But my 2nd time there was horrible.

Here's a summary (on a scale of 5)

Wait staff- 3
Food quality- 5
Wait time- 0
Management- 0

We had a party of 12 and were there for a total of 4 hours.  The wait staf was nice (Issaac) but I guess too overwhelmed to be attentive. (Even though they did charge the 20% gratuity)

Food was delicious but SUPER slow.  I have no idea what was going on with the cooks, but management should've taken some responsibility and put us at ease somewhere between the 4 hours of our visit.

Our waiter brought us a round of shots to make up for the wait I suppose.  Nice, but NOT nice to have it thrown in your face as if a favor was made. The manager did this???

We were brought a total of 3 different checks because they kept screwing up.  This made us doubt that they were being fair in the way they were charging us- and we were right.  There were items on the bill that were not brought to our table. SHAME ON U!

We tried to relay our disatisfaction to "Brian" one of the managers, but he came at us with a complete bad attitude.  He ASSUMED that we were trying to get a free meal, when all we really wanted was for him to take some responsibility and admit that they SUCKED!

I might return- but probably not with a large party.
Overall was truly disappointed by this experience......was there with a large group....and it took over 3 1/2 hrs to eat and get our check .Apparently our party according to management(Brian) was just too large to handle. 
My food( the sushi/sashimi combo) was just OK ....nothing to get excited about. 
I will never come back here .....and would encourage all of you to look for a better place to spend your money.
I have been craving this place ever since I left Vegas. Seriously. So good. 

My fave items were:
-Coconut rock shrimp tempura. Each shrimp was perfect, crisp, delicious... topped with a bit of pureed truffle. Mmmm
-Miso sea bass satay... so tender, buttery, delicious.

The place was a bit over priced but those two items made my night. Every single item we got was delicious.
amazing. the sea bass with miso and raw shrimp tempura were quite delectable. the only thing i kinda found sketchy about this place were the images on the projectors and tv.. great place overall though.
The actual food was very good. We ordered a menu for $65 a person (without drinks),  they they served us a LOT of food for that price.  So it was a bargain for on strip.  The service was good too- attentive and inventive.  

BUT!  As other yelpers have said, the wait for the plates to come out is extremely slow. It was about 30 minutes between each plate!  And during most of our meal the place was half empty. Perhaps this is a policy to encourage liquor sales?   But it left a number at our table very unhappy with what should have been a great meal.
I know, it's Vegas, so what did I expect? Frankly, a whole lot more than we got.
First, I was unable to order about 2/3 of my regular sushi, they just didn't carry the usual stuff, and I was not into the she-she rolls.
Food was REALLY SLOW to hit the table, when it did, I realized that one order of sushi was on tiny piece...and, the Toro turned out to be $96 for 6 pieces!! My friend's wife had to wait even longer for her food. Pretty sad.
Beer was cold, that part was good, but not much beer selection either...still, Saporo is better than nothing.
We switched to udon with pork belly, that was ok, but no where near as good as Noodle Theory back in Oakland.
Our waiter was nice, but the kitchen must have been sleeping.
No way I'd go back there, too many other decent choices in the vicinity.
Overpriced? Yes. Small portions? Yes. Good ambiance? Yes.

Hubs wanted some sushi and without too much thought I suggested Sushi Samba.  We were staying at Encore so it was a brief walk.  

It was 1:30 on a Tuesday so there were many a tradeshow, badge wearing bunch dining here using their corporate credit cards.  If it wasn't for them I think this place would be empty so thank you optic show.

Hubs is out of control when it comes to ordering sushi.  He has a taste for it all (unfortunately).  We had the sushi combination, edamame, unagi sushi, the spicy yellowtail handroll, the carnaval roll, the shrimp & veggie tempura and a variety of a la carte sushi (spanish makerel, amberjack, fatty tuna and striped bass).  Our bill including 3 Asahis was $142.  That's friggin steep for lunch.

The next time hubs says he wants sushi for lunch I'll veto it and opt for some noodles at a chinese joint.
The only thing preventing me from giving this place 5 stars is the price--which was fairly steep (We spent $50 per person for lunch).  However, the food was FANTASTIC and the menu had lots of interesting items--it's Japanese/South American fusion.  

I ordered chicken teriyaki., which was incredibly tender and served on top of these delicious purple mashed potatoes in a tasty sauce.   My companion ordered a variety of sushi and rolls. He was born in Japan and is very picky about his sushi, but he was very happy with everything that he ordered.   We defintely will go again.  Next time I want to try the plantains!
New York, Miami and now finally Las Vegas.  The food presentation is all about variety - small portions chased with some sake, beer or other beverage of choice.  I was expecting loud, but Vegas was a bit more subtle, yet maintained all the vibe.  The seating is interesting as nothing is square and the colors are warm Peruvian and the food is pretty Japanese with a dose of flavors atypical of traditional Japanese foods - like limes and jalapenos.  But my wife and I loved it.  Cerviche with yellow tail was the opener along with roasted duck over a bed a mushrooms (a combo of two menu items recommended by our server), then salt and pepper squid (calamari- esq) and a tuna skewer served with huge corn - unique combo, rice would have been fine with me.  We rounded the meal with two sushi rolls - one with jalapenos, fried onions and a bit of cheese and another fancy hamachi roll.  Delicious, fun, great multi server service.  A great prelude to catching Jersey Boys at Palazzo!
food is ok. meet is good. nice environment to hang out with friends.
'We went here on a Monday night for drinks.  The drinks on the menu were creative.  I'll try the sushi next time.
Ok now we were staying at Pallazo and wanted to try out this restaurant. It was somewhat crowded when we got there on Valentine's Day weekend although I should say I have never seen Vegas this empty compared to previous years during such holidays.  My first impression of the restaurant wasnt as expected, the tables were somewhat worn out and chipped at on the surface, and due to the place being crowded the tables and chairs were very close to the neighboring tables, it felt like the people who were setted next to us were actually sitting with us.  So that was kinda annoying.  Ok enough of negative :) now the positives.  Our waiter was excellent.  I wanted to eat sushi but i was thinking of trying different things on the menu, therefore our serves suggested that we order this special that they have.  He asked us how much we wanted to spend and according to our budget he would bring different dishes so we could basically taste their whole menu and have variety of foods.  Our waiter stated that if we dont like any of the food that is being served he would be happy to replace it with something else.  I was ready to spend around 70 a person so he started off according to my budget.  We had different variety of sashimi, cut rolls peruvian dishes with mushrooms and duck, crab legs etc.  He served us with 7 different dishes and we basically told him to skip the desert since we were very full at that point.  The verdict----good food, excellent service.
Who woulda thunk to meld Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian flavors?  Glad these peeps did, because it really is like a carnaval explosion of flavors. The menu seems endless, with great friendly service who offers to pull a menu together for you.  Our table was a group of type A personalities, so we took that into our own hands - so many great choices -- tempura green beans, tuna taktaki, yellowtail taquitos, tuna ceviche with apple and jalapeno, sea bass, and the list goes on and on.  This is definitely one place that makes return visits to Vegas more appealing!  Great specialty cocktails.
One word - ANDRA.  She's one of the best servers anywhere in any restaurant.  The best dishes we had were her recommendations.  She's fun, knowledgeable and loves her job.  The best dish is the Miso-Glazed Sea Bass (we ordered it twice).

Food - 5
Service - 5
Atmosphere - 4

I recommend this place highly and ask for Andra!!!
This restaurant is a chain and was pretty good.

Being a girls weekend away from home, we started off with their cocktail tree which is $70, but totally worth it! Then we ordered Otsumami which is an assortment of edamame, green bean tempura, and shishito which was really good. Their aioli sauce had a hint of truffles and a strong garlic taste but wasn't too over powering and made it really good with the green bean tempura.

After that we had the Rock Shrimp Tempura that had bibb lettuce, tobanjan alioli, black truffle vinaigrette and in my opinion was only average. For my entree I had the Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass and that was really, really good. Very moist, tender, juicy and not fishy at all. It's everything you could wish your fish to be. The portion was a little small, but it was oh, so good!! I also had the Samba strip Roll which had maine lobster, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper, peanut curry and i thought it was alright. But for the price and how much lobster they gave us, it was really worth it.  the last thing i had was their Neo Tokyo roll that had yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca, which is also really good. 

My overall experience was only a 3 stars because they said they were really busy that night (but didn't look that way to me because there were at least 5 empty tables in front of us) and they sat us in a corner and our waiter was a complete douche and couldn't get our order right nor could he remember what we ordered and came back on several occasions to reconfirm what we ordered. The manager there was also dumb and tried to help out only to make things worse because he asked us what we wanted to drink and didn't even bring our drinks and completely forgot about us. 

In the end, I'd come back cause the food was good, but hopefully i'll get better service next time.
I think SushiSamba finally hit the wall, at least, in Las Vegas. Opening only a few years ago, this often vibrant, fun and sometimes innovative sushi house, was none of that tonight. The staff was flat and at times clueless but it was more than that. The vibe of MiamiDromo or NYC7 just did not exist here. It was more of a restaurant that served average sushi, steaks and fish with a Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian influence. The flavors that I have come to know and expect were just missing. The Yellowtail Tiradito with jalapeno and lemon grass had no pop, no heat, as were the rest of the rolls. I am not saying I am giving up on this place and I will definitely visit NYC and Miami again, I just hope they find their groove here.
Yum Yum Yum

Love the decor and the music is fun to grooove too lol, The idea of these foods together makes a great diverse meal!

My deliciious meal:
-The beef tenderloin and aji panca was great and it was perfectly spicy.. very juicy (not dry at all)
-Peruvian corn :)
-The Bobo Brazil samba roll w has seared kobe beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri -- FREAKIN BOMB
OKay, we've all been to these trendy sushi restaurants before, and Sushi Samba in a way is no different.  And keep mind in mind, this is Vegas and it's in the Palazzo, so I already knew coming in that prices would be a little higher.
I'm giving this 4 stars because they have items in the menu which can't be found anywhere else.  For appetizers, we had yellowtail taquitos and seared kobe beef.  Both were absolutely delicious!  
We ordered a roll that had kobe beef inside and couple different types of nigiri.  I'm deducting 1 star from the rating because Sushi Samba deducted the size of my nigiri and rolls.  For the price you pay, you would think you would get bigger pieces... you don't! Always the case for these type of sushi joints.
Besides that, the ambiance is hip w/ house music playing in the background and the servers are sexy hot. I would come back here again with some friends.
Im sorry sushi samba but for a vegas restaurant you suck. The place was just a bit too dark for my tastes. Sushi is so bright and beautiful I cant understand why you would want to make it hide.

The food was good but for the price? Bleh. Seriously I have had better sushi for less than half its price many times. The presentation was pretty good and the fish quality was top notch. The recipes where fantastic...in theory.

I think what really got me down was the sauces. Their sauces where so weak and useless. I mean lump a bunch of fish into a roll and its just a lump of fish. Throw Mikuni's triple dream sauces on it and its a masterpiece! 

I kind of want to go back to try something other than their maki.
this place has a lot of misleading reviews,to be honest I did not like the menu and the idea of someone else making a menu for me with a few questions and then charge a person $30-50. Over priced! 
The place was cool but seen better places with better food. I suggest those who wants to try this place to look @ their menu and think twice about spending $$$ on a small portion of food.
The sushi was mediocre for a lavish Vegas joint and the drinks were uninspired, but the decor and ambience were pretty festive. On top of that, we went on a Wednesday when they were having Karaoke battle in the back. Apparently, they record everyone's performance and post them on youtube..  then the person with the most votes or views (I forget which) gets a grand prize of a trip for two for a weekend getaway at any city where they have a Sushi Samba. If I didn't happen to have laryngitis that week, I would have totally rocked it :(
Sushi samba is a great place to have an afternoon drink amidst hang overs from Friday and Saturday night in vegas.  I came here on a Sunday afternoon and ordered the speciality cocktail - samba juice - and the El Topo roll as a snack!

The el tapo roll is the perfect mix between brazilian and Japanese cuisine, and it tasted great with my fruity drink!  It was a bit crunchy with cheese sprinkled on top, definitely something you will not find at a traditional pure Japanese resturant.  

I would come here again for a full meal - but of course, like any other Las Vegas restaurant, the price is a bit over the top.  But what else can you expect from an Asian Fusion restaurant?
Eh, this place was ok.

We made a reservation for 7:15 and got seated after a few minutes. The tables were kind of close together which wasn't so cool. It was really loud and dark and kind of hard to hear my friend talking from 2 feet away. The people next to us were only about 3-4 feet next to us.

The waitress was ok. I ordered a beer, which I had to ask for twice because I didn't get it after about 10 minutes. She messed up our sushi order, then told us we were wrong and that it wasn't what we asked for, and then went back and saw that we were actually right the entire time. It was really busy, but still not an excuse. The guys sitting next to us had tickets to a show at 9 and walked in around 7:45 and they were raving about how good the food was and how quickly it was getting served. Good for them I guess, but our service was still slow. We left at around 8:45 and they still hadn't gotten their bill.

The sushi was just kind of meh. I think it was overpriced and didn't reach our expectations for a place like the Palazzo. We could have gone to a place like RA Sushi and gotten better sushi for a much cheaper price. We probably won't go back.
If you are NOT interested in being open-minded to an array of fusion tapas featuring Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian inspired palettes...then this is place not for you. If however you are interested in being more cultured in regards to your typical sushi restaurant, then you may continue reading.

Sushi Samba is a great restaurant to taste a blend of very unique flavors...the menu is not your typical one but rest assured, your server is happy to answer any of your questions. The server started off by asking us if we've been there before...I have so I said yes. If I would have said now, he would have prefaced our meal with a story of the restaurants background i.e. stylings of food, etc. I know this because I overheard another server doing it. 

With any tapas joint it is always easy to over order...and me, my bro, and his fiance did just that. Here is what we got.

-Shishito (grilled peppers): the sea salt adds a great flavor, the peppers themselves are literally grilled
- Filet Mignon robata: a small portion of robata grilled filet mignon cooked exactly how I wanted
- Sea Bass and Miso swewers: recommended by our server, these skewers were OFF THE HOOK!!!! Melted like butter in my mouth...the miso flavor was out of this world.
-Miso soup: the only difference between this soup and the others...they add cilantro
-Coconut Rice: the side order of rice could actually feed 2 people. We ordered 2 not knowing this. The coconut flavor is not at all overpowering...I've gotta learn how to make this rice!
-Green envy roll: YUM!!! salmon and tuna rolled with some crunchies to make this fine number
-Spicy Tuna Roll: not as spicy as I thought it would be but still yummy
-Rio Grande (5 meats): this meal on its own came with black beans, collard greens, rice, 5 different meats, and 3 sauce pairings. WOW! You need to order this...there was 3 of us and we couldnt finish but the options were great. The sauces were extremely complementary.

Sure our meal came out to $172.69 pre gratuity for 3 people but for the service, quality and presentation of the food, and the ambiance...the price seems quite fitting.
This place was the only good restaurant that was open until 2am Sunday morning, so we decided to try it. What a surprise! It was fantastic. Service was quick and really friendly. Not once did we feel rushed to leave so they could go home. We had this appetizer that was a foursome of sushi, it was to die for! Everything was fantastic. I can't wait for my next trip to go here again!
We stopped here for a little lunch during happy hour on our trip.  The atmosphere of this place was awesome, I really liked the decor as well.  A very modern looking establishment.  

The happy hour menu is limited, but not bad at all.

For happy hour my wife and I got the Spicy Tuna Roll, A philly roll, shrimp tempura roll, and chicken anticuchos.  I LOVED the chicken anticuchos.  Super tasty, tender pieces of chicken with a nice teriyaki sauce.  The spicy tuna roll WAS spicy.  Spicier than what I'm used to.  I wasn't big on the shrimp tempura mainly because if i'm eating sashimi or rolls, I like it cold. I just dont jive to well on warm sushi haha.  When it comes to warm fish, BBQ salmon or halibut is my game.

We both ordered drinks, I ordered a Mojito and the wife had a Caiprianha.  The Mojito I had wasn't working for me.  It was awesome they put fresh mint in it, but i hated getting foliage in my mouth.  Also, it was rather strong.....I like a strong drink trust me, but something was different about the strength of this drink.  Same on the Caiprianha.  Texas De Brazil made an AWESOME caiprianha, so I dont know what was so different between the 2.

We did end up spending around 50 bucks at happy hour which was a shock.  We did enjoy it, and it is totally worth a stop.
Had dinner at Sushi Samba for my birthday. A little on the pricey side and a little too dark and loud for me, but the food was great! I'd go back for the Chilean Sea Bass!!! I'm salivating just thinking about it! Their chocolate mousse dessert was great, too!
Overpriced mediocre sushi. Ramen was pretty good but not worth $18. Do yourself a favor and go to Little Tokyo.
Came here on the reccomendation with Chef Micheal Cressoti and I was impressed. It's located at the top floor of the palazzo with a hip and dark ambiance. Okay people it's dark crowded and loud. Do you forget where you are?!? It's las vegas people!! This is what you should expect. This is the new era where sushi is supposed to be hip. I took my girfriend and a third wheel there for a dinner and pretty much ordered the omakase. As a person who worked around in sushi restaraunts, lived in Peru, and surrounded by Brazileros, I still was taught I had alot more to learn about the cuisine and the complex flavors on the palate when mixed together. Honestly unless you're ordering the kobe beef roll or the fuie gras sushi... skip the whole sushi list. The rolls are great but for the price, I would opt out for the kitchen orders. Spicy tuna was a little different but nothing to make you stand up and dance. The red miso sea bass (I believe that was the fish) skewers are to die for. The grill is special grill where they use woodchips brought in from Japan. This is the kind of special treatment the chefs use to creats such dishes, so the price is reasonable. All their fish is line caught so for the environmentally conscience, expect to pay more for sushi as opposed to other sushi restaraunts. Their ceviche was very light and refreshing, so was the yellowtail sashimi and the ceviche. The kobe beef tacos. Sorry Kogi was okay for me. Asian tacos are as good as it gets, but kobe beef tacos who can possibly resist. It was spectacular with the spicy emulsion that was served on the side. The duck confit with wil mushroom is a must order. Succulent morsels of variety of mushrooms and the perfectly cooked medium rare breast of duck just melted in your mouth. The sake sommelier was very friendly and knew her alcohol, so if you are interested in ordering sake ask for the pro. From here and there, after 5 other dishes, we ended up with dessert. The chocolate cake, which they said was great, was rather just good, BUT the carrot cake. I HATE carrot cake, but the pastry chef, she whippped up something so magical and delicious. Not too sweet, not too heavy, not too bready... if you can understand what I mean, you will love this cake. In a cake, I look for the perfect balance of sweetness and richness, that will just top off your great meal. Not to overwhelm your palate and your stomach but make a nice closure to the expensive meal you just enjoyed. It was the best carrot cake I've had. Overall the staff was friendly and the general manager was kind enough to explain to me about the food and the kitchen, since I work in the kitchen as well. I left there extremely happy and with an impressed gf and third wheel. Thank you sushi samba.
If you come here you have to try their Nina Fresa drink, its delicious.  Be aware its soo good you forget its packed with alcohol.  I came here for my girlfriends birthday, great atmosphere and great service.  Their menu is inspired by Japanese and Brazilian food.  We decided to do it family style with a price range of $30 per person (not including appetizers and drinks)  The selection was awesome.  I would definitely come back if i was in vegas again.
Came for a bachelor party -- so a large group of drunk guys.  I was impressed.  The venue reminded me of Tao a lot: nice, hip, trendy, fusion, so that made me wary of the food.  But it was good.  We got a $55 tasting menu that had a lot of unique dishes that weren't too exotic.  I can appreciate fusion places that don't try to go over the top with exoticness.  Everything was pretty solid: sea bass, hamachi, duck, baby crabs, rolls.  It was definitely also more filling than I expected.  They brought out the platter of rolls last as filler and we were struggling to finish.

Also, there was a table with 3 playboy models sitting next to us which never hurts.  I got all of them to take a picture with the bachelor (with permission from their  husbands who happened to be really cool).  So a success all in all.
Love this place, its one of my fave places to eat at in Vegas! I always get the Ramen bowl; can't go wrong with it. This restaurant is for people with an acquired taste in food, so it's not for everyone - just to give you a heads up; but so far so good in my book. :)
I came here for a bachelor party and keep in mind I was drinking from 9 am all day till dinner time (and beyond).  I was pretty blown away by everything from the taste to the originality.  I'm not sure why this place doesn't have a higher rating, but reading some of the lower reviews it all seems to be service related, which I can't really judge accurately cause I came in the middle of service, and in between meals we were hitting on girls in the casino, bar, and restaurant.

But anyway back to the food, we had various things that were a blur in my memory, but the impression still remains.  Tasting each dish and each one of its elements I was thoroughly impressed by everything.  I haven't been that impressed by food in a while and I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone asking for a Vegas suggestion.
The Las Vegas outpost of Sushi Samba does not live up to its NYC origins. The whole experience comes off as just an expensive place to take a break and have a snack when you need a break from playing blackjack. 

And, judging by her lack of interest and canned conversation, my server might as well have been a wind up toy needing rewinding. 

The Latin fusion thing doesn't work as well here as it does in NYC. There is definitely better sushi on the strip.
We love the cocktail tree, great for a group of friends. The Bobo brazil was tasty, small portion but enough for a small apetite. Price is too expensive and food was just average, but place is great for groups.
Let me just say Amazing quality, for the price you pay. But the quantity is so small. Minus the one star because I left that place still hungry. The fresh oysters I had, I still couldnt get over... it was De-Lish but it was about 5$ for one! eeek!
Portions were small, flavor was OK, thank goodness friend of friends paid for the bill... 4 girls he just met, he was crazy! Sweetheart, but crazy! 

The food was flavorful but the portions were small. Their Lychee Martini was f'n D'Lish! The only thing is that, well, for the price, I would've expected a whole lot more food.

It's not a bad place for drinks and maybe appetizers. Will I return? Probably not.
Me and a couple buds of mine decided it would be a good idea to fine dine before heading back home from our trip to Vegas. I found this spot out by a buddy of mine who happens to be a local, so I took his word for it and made a reservation here. It took us quite a while to get seated... We probably had to wait 20-30 minutes or so to get seated even though we had a reservation (it was a Saturday, not quite sure how it would be on any other days).

Anyway our waitor was nice.. Very knowledgable and friendly. The food was SO yum. The boyfriend and I ordered a whole bunch of things- Rainbow dragon roll, tiger shrimp tempura, sea bass, uni sushi, and after reading the previous reviews here on yelp, we ordered the yellowtail taquitos... So glad we did because they were DELICIOUS! Pretty pricey for a small taco but totally worth it. The minimum you could order is 2 and they're $6 each. Definitely would come back here for the taquitos and the sake!
My cousin and I decided to try out this restaurant during our Memorial weekend trip in Vegas. I was extremely excited to try this place because of all of the positive reviews/rants I've heard. I am always looking to try new Sushi places and I must admit that I am quite the Sushi expert!

The first thing I must say is that this place is pricey! For $85 I only able to order:

- 2 glasses of Cabernet Sauvignons
- 2 Miso Soups ($6.00 each and only had 1 Tofu in each bowl of soup)
- Rainbow Dragon Roll
- 2 Avocado Salmon Rolls
- 1 Piece of Salmon Sashimi (embedded in an unknown vegetable)
- 3 Hand Rolls

May I remind you that all of this was shared between two people. The portion size was fairly small. However,the freshness and the quality of the fish was amazing. That is probably the only thing positive about this restaurant. Oh yes, can't forget the fancy lighting and ambiance.

I was not impressed by the originality of the menu nor the taste of the food. I have tasted better sushi rolls for more than half the price of a Sushi Samba roll. I would have rather spent $85 at my local sushi restaurants in San Jose. At least there will be many tofu pieces in my miso soup not only 1. =P

-
What is there not to love about Brazilians?

Brazilian BBQ, Brazilian wax, Brazilian models, and Brazilian fusion.

Sushi Samba is AHHH-MAZING. I honestly thought the bf was overhyping the place and thought it would be mediocre, but I was surprised by the quality of the food and how delicious everything was!

Our waitress Regina was nice and very bubbly. She made our dining experience at Sushi Samba great. Instead of ordering random items off the menu, we chose the personalized Prix Fixe menu. Basically, you tell your waiter/waitress what you like/dislike and the price limit per person and they basically bring out items that they think you would like.  If you don't like it, the waiter/waitress takes full responsibility for it and doesn't charge you. 

Between the 3 of us, we had:
- Edamame: I'm not a fan of Edamame so I rarely eat it and don't really care for it.
- Yellowtail Crispy Taquitos: This is a cold dish and it's like a sushi taco. The taquito had lemongrass, avocado, and aji panca miso. Definitely recommend it!
- Tuna Tataki: Also another cold dish. Very light and it had white asparagus, heart of palm, avocado, tatsoi, and citrus soy. I love anything with tuna in it so I enjoyed this a lot. 
- Mushroom Toban Yaki w/ Filet Mignon: Omg delicious! This came in a stone pot and had a bunch of wild mushrooms and filet mignon in a delicious broth. 
- Sashimi Tiradito (Yellowtail, Kanpachi, Tuna, and Salmon): I didn't care too much for this dish. It was good but some of the sauce that accompanied the sashimi didn't blow me away. The Yellowtail had a jalapeno and lemongrass sauce, the Kanpachi had a yuzu, black truffle oil, and sea salt sauce, the Tuna had a yuzu soy, hickory oil, and toasted garlic sauce, and the Salmon had a maiz cancha, lime zest, and ponzu sauce. 
- Sea Bass w/ a side of Peruvian Corn: This had to be one of the BEST Sea Bass I've ever had in my life. It was cooked perfectly and had the perfect buttery, melt in your mouth texture. It was also marinated in a sweet sauce, but it wasn't too overpowering. The side of corn complemented the sea bass very well.
- Neo Tokyo Roll, Carnival Roll, El Topo Roll - I'm not the biggest fan of rolls and these rolls were a bit disappointing. Especially since it came out last after all the really delicious dishes. I tried each of the rolls, but they weren't memorable.
- Carrot Cake: OOOOOOMMMMMMMGGGGGGGG! Best carrot cake, ever. It was served with Brown Butter Ice Cream, Cinnamon Cream, Rainbow Carrot Chip, and Orange Reduction. I seriously wanted to lick the plate after I was done!

The total per person (not including alcohol, tip, or tax) was about $65/per person. Totally worth it! 

If you ever decide to try Sushi Samba, skip the rolls and go for the good stuff! I definitely recommend the personalized Prix Fixe menu.
Impressive! I have never tried a fusion of Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese cuisine. The turnout was surprisingly good. But then again, people who are not open to fusion should avoid such a daring tasting adventure. 

The group I came with were starving, so we wondered if there were any tables opened for 10 people. The hostess up front said that she had a private room available and that we could be seated quickly. Yay for private room! But there was a catch that she didn't tell us: $75 order minimum per person. 

Well that didn't stop the group so they went straight to ordering sashimi, sushi, oysters, skewers, satay, and LIVE lobster!? But wait, there's no toro? Yep, our waiter told us they will no longer have toro because the fish is too endangered or something to that extent. 

I forgot the exact orders because there were so much that night that I can hardly differentiate them since I was so hungry. (See pics instead!)

The service was fantastic, the music selection was also great (Kaskade playing all night long), and the food was most definitely unique and GOOD. This is no Cheesecake factory, so don't expect monstrous portions! Taste and savor the freshness of those little morsels you put into your mouth because it will do some damage to that wallet of yours by the end of the meal.
for $50 a person, our server created a custom meal for us that included 5 items. not sure if you've eaten in vegas or not, but that is a STEAL! the lemongrass sauce on the tuna was to die for and the sushi was fresh and yum-o! we paired it off with martinis and sake bombs, WOOH WEE!
It was just a-ok meal.  The waiter kept trying to sell us either the tasting menu or the bottles of sake.  I don't get it how in that establishment they don't have hot house sake??? The waiter said we would have to get a bottle of cold and they would microwave it.   is that a joke????They rolls were okay, but I can't say it was anything special at all. I would NOT go back there.
The food was great.  

Salt and Pepper squid ~ good, it wasn't chewy as I expected it to be.  
Duck with Sweet Ginger Soy ~ good but it wasn't too memorable.
SeaBass with Miso ~ amazing!  Our waiter recommended this to us.
Cocktails ~ Bushido ~ really great
The rolls were okay but didn't feel that they were memorable

I would have given this place 4 stars but only getting 3 due to its service.  Our waiter was great initially but somewhere in the middle he kind of ditched us to go attend to a bigger table.  We were about to order more food but we gave up when we realized that our waiter had disappeared on us.  After 15 minutes of waiting for our waiter, we called another waiter to see what happened to ours when the manager finally came to tell us that our waiter was busy.  

I would have gone back because the food was great but I probably wouldn't due to the service.
Love this place! When I'm in Vegas again this is the place for some Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese food.
Freaking yum. Ceviches and tiraditos are a must!

My favorites seviches and tiraditos and were:

Salmon, asparagus, red radish, pineapple and lime.

Jumbo shrimp, passion fruit, cucumber and cilantro.

Tuna, granny smith apple, serrano and lime.

Yellow-tail, jalapeno, and lemongrass.

and DEFINITELY try the Watermelon, Guava and Lime drink. Best nonalcoholic drink I've had in forever.
Wish I could give this place a 5 because the food is delicious, but unfortunately because of the lousy service I have to give it 3 stars. Went to this restaurant with a few girlfriends on a trip to Vegas. SUPER Excited to enjoy a great sushi meal with people that LOVE sushi. Instead we were greeted by a server, name to be disclosed, who was degrading, rude, and treated us like cheap girls. 

One of our friends requested for a carafe of hot sake and this server immediately said that this restaurant was too high class to have any sort of hot sake. Who was this guy? How does he not know that we're just girls who enjoy drinking hot sake from time to time-this server needs to learn some MAJOR restaurant etiquette! As the night progressed, the service did not get any better. I've been to MANY wonderful restaurants in Vegas where the food was great and the service EVEN better and this restaurant definitely put the standard of Vegas restaurants in the low range. Fortunately the manager hooked my friends and i with some shots that were delicious - one of them included cucumber and was fresh and cool to the taste. 

On the positive note, the food was ridiculously delicious (hoping there wasn't any extra protein hidden in it). The Sashimi dishes with granny apple sauce and another with some sort of lemon grass sauce was soo good! The Chilean Sea Bass was delectable and probably the best dish on the menu. 

I always believe that Las Vegas has the best places to eat, this restaurant may be one of them, but I will never go there again unless i confirm that this server is not serving my table. And if anyone from this restaurant is reading this...never underestimate your customers!
Every time my peeps and I go to Vegas, we usually go eat at Wynn or Belagio Buffet, but this time we wanted to try something different and decided to try Sushi Samba. AND we were all glad we did!

We were seated right away by the host and our waiter gave us a good service! He explained that the restaurant is combined with 3 cultures; Peruvian, Japanese and Brazilian being it was our first time. He was attentive, kept checking on us and refilling our waters.

I recommend SEARED KOBE! Yummy in my tummy.

I wouldn't mind coming back here again. Its a little pricey but you pay for what you get. This place attracts more of high spenders and some people have complain about the servers being degrading and rude if you didn't look the part. And I can totally see that happening here...usually in high end places.
Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian fusion. I'd think that intrigue alone would be enough to bring anyone to Sushi Samba.

I'll have to admit that I was nervous when our knowledgeable and friendly server began talking about the three different kitchens, the different ways to order...it all sounded way too complicated. (To be honest, I just wanted to fill my stomach so that I'd be able to drink later!) Luckily, one of our friends is a Sushi Samba master, and he did all of the ordering for our table. 

I pretty much loved everything - if only for the novelty of it all - but a few stand-out dishes were:
1) yellowtail ceviche taquito: they looked like little yellowtail and guacemole tacos. somehow it all worked...
2) yellowtail tiradito: kinda like a ceviche? yellowtail, jalepeno, and lemongrass - i'm definitely a fan of sour and spicy.
3) fresh oysters and jumbo shrimp: no explanations needed.
4) El Topo roll: salmon, jalepeno, melted cheese, and crispy onions

I also would recommend getting a side of Peruvian corn (which went along with our churrasco plate) just to see how HUGE those kernels are! It's kind of ridiculous. Anyway, not only was the food great, but the service was among the best - they even have a "sake sommelier", so to speak. The place itself is energetic, contemporary, and very, very Vegas. I can't wait to go back!
If you step foot in the Palazzo Hotel, you should walk over to SushiSamba to check it out. Its a Japanese/Brazilian fused restaurant, cool interior design, cool bar. They had a DJ playing inside the place right next to the bar. The food was good too. We had the Shishito, tuna tataki, and a few different rolls that i don't remember the names of. Everything we had was better than expected and the wait staff was nice and quick with delivery of the food, our beers and beer refills, and water refills.
I went here because the hotel complex had few other restaurant options open at 11 PM on a weeknight - and it was remarkably bad - at those prices, and since it's advertised on the room cards, I expected pretty solid food.

The fish on my sushi was simply not fresh enough, nor handled correctly - I felt that their special rolls were just mediocre cuts and quality fish, doused in overly sweet sauce to hide the inadequacy.  

The miso soup was bad enough to send back, if I didn't feel too tired to deal with the hassle; it had an off putting smell to it, was oversalted, and was almost exclusively broth - no seaweed, almost no tofu, and a few sliced raw scallions.  

Also, expensive, even by Las Vegas Strip standards.

Service was adequate, but barely; they didn't refill my water glass without prompting, and acted a bit surprised / almost rude when I declined to order alcohol, but nothing major.

Potentially, part of my problem was in ordering exclusively from the "Japanese" part of the menu, but it does have the word Sushi in the name - why would I expect the sushi to be terrible?
It's like eating sushi at a night club. Really good sushi.

The ambiance is very contemporary with tons of lamps hanging from the ceiling. Lighting is minimal. 

Here's the breakdown of the food that I tried.

Tuna Tataki: Very good. Super fresh. I can't say it was the best that I have had but very close to it.

Rock Shrimp Tempura: This was an absolute favorite at the table. You have to try this! It's like tempura popcorn shrimp covered in a spicy alioli. 

Rio Grande three meats: All the meats were good. The dipping sauces made them fantastic. I wouldn't get this again though. Not really great for how much it is.

BoBo Brazil roll: Really good! Kobe beef on top....yum!

Pacific: This was ok. Nothing special about it. 

Service was fantastic! There was always someone out refilling glasses of water, beer, and sake and clearing out plates. Very friendly too.
The ambiance of the restaurant was breathtaking as 3 fellow diners and I walked in. We had made reservations a few hours in advance on a busy Saturday night (the night before 4th of July) so we understood that it would be a few minutes of a wait. While we waited, we sat near the waiting/bar area and our to-be waitress asked us if we wanted to order drinks. We ordered drinks while we waited for our table and our waitress brought them to us in the lounge area we were sitting in. I got the strawberry-tini which was really fruity and yummy. 

We got seated after about 10 minutes. I will admit, the menu seemed slightly pricey but it's Vegas and you can't expect restaurants not to be pricey. I ordered the Neo Tokyo roll and it came with 8 small pieces but was the best sushi I've ever had! For $15, it wasn't bad at all because I also decided to order a side of coconut rice which was delicious and only $5. The drink did ring up to be $12 but overall it wasn't bad for the great dining experience. My fellow diners loved their dishes as well. 2 of them ordered a 4-course dinner for $50, which is customized to your liking based on what preferences and allergies you tell the waitress you have and she kind of surprises you. The last diner ordered the Kobe beef sushi and he enjoyed it a lot. It came with delicately sliced raw Kobe beef wrapped around the sushi which looked amazing.

Overall a very fun dining experience!
Food taste and quality was excellent, service had it's highs and lows for a night where we were one of 4 tables!! 

We ordered some Churrasco -Rio Grande three meats  39.00 - it is: grilled hanger steak, ribeye, pork tenderloin, chorizo, lingia with malagueta pepper oil and chimichurri. It was delicious!!! would go back just for that!!! The food is amazing!! and their drinks are good too. 

The ambience is different than anywhere I've ever been too, you feel as if you are inside a manga cartoon!  they play images of Brazil, Peru and Japan on the walls... 


I only gave it 4 stars because the music was a bit loud.
I have eaten at all of the Sushi Sambas now.  Vegas is not the best one, unfortunately.  

It's a cool space.  Very modern and cool looking.  Loved the open kitchen and the robata menu items which weren't available at other locations.

However.

The service sucked big old donkey balls.  Our waitress was SO rude, short and annoying.  She was mad because we wanted to order off the menu instead of having *her* pick our food and bring it out family style.  Why would we want her to pick our food?  I get the whole family style and how it makes it easier with larger parties, but at least tell a sister that when she makes a reservation instead of springing it on her when she sits down. 

Then don't refuse to bring menus, get pissed when we ask for them, or be brusque and rude when taking orders or bringing food.

You better believe I talked to the management and gave them a (nice) earful.  

But the food was good...as it is at all Sushi Sambas.  Especially the sea bass, the sushi, and the chicken robata.
A friend of mine was raving about SS which set my expectations a bit high since he was industry folk but my experience was OK, sadly.  The space was cool in a japanimation type of way.  The temperature was a bit warm for a casino and music a bit blaring for my taste.  But what it really comes down to is the food, right?  The food was OK but not bad.  The Pork Belly was incredibly delicious but the Shrimp Tempura with truffle was soggy and didn't have the bite and crispy goodness a tempura typically has.  I just expected a bit more out of this brand name and really didn't do it for me.  I probably wouldn't go back.  There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas that are worth betting on.
Good food; great atmosphere; horrendous service. 

What we ordered, a la carte:

Seaweed salad: Four very different types of seaweed topped with tomato caviar. Tasty and different.
Berkshire pork belly ramen: Delicious. The pork belly was fall-apart tender, very flavorful and paired well with the spicy lemongrass soup.
Miso-marinated Chilean sea bass: Buttery and tender, very tasty.
Lamb chop with red miso and yuzu: Not enjoyable; bitter.
Steak: ?

Cut directly from my blog, EpicuriousTravels.com:

"Our food took a very long time to arrive, one by one. Eventually it did and we finished everything, except the fourth entree which failed to appear. We asked our waitress about this who said she'd check for us but she never came back. We then asked another waiter who said he'd check for us and he never came back. Some time later, our waitress finally returns and says they'd forgotten our entry, but that it would be out right away and taken off the bill. I then asked for a dessert menu.

Much later, our food and dessert menu both failed to arrive. Eventually, our waitress returns with the bill, apologizes and says the food (and the dessert menu, apparently) won't be coming, and presents us with complimentary miniature cocktails. My dining companion and I were both underage. Another while later, our waitress returns smiling with our change and asked if we enjoyed the shots, which were clearly untouched."

We basically waited an hour for our food, an hour for the bill... And free alcohol for the minors. 

3 stars for the food we did like, minus the food we didn't like.
0 stars for service.
I absolutely loved eating here. The atmosphere is great, cool decoration. The service was fantastic and our server was very friendly. I would list off everything we ordered, but there were five of us and I couldn't remember the names of half the things we ordered, let alone all the desserts (we ordered 3 sampler platters for dessert, so I'll just stick to a few. My father ordered one of the duck dishes, I don't remember which one since I didn't place the order, but it was fantastic. The duck was perfectly cooked and the sauce was a perfect complement to the natural flavors of the duck. The two rolls we ordered were the Samba Strip and the Bobo Brazil. The Bobo brazil was absolutely phenomenal. The seared kobe inside was of great quality and worked very well with all of the other ingredients. The Samba Strip was very different for me, as I had never had a roll with Lobster and was a little unsure, but I'm glad we went with it! I loved the way the peanut curry worked with the mango and the texture of the lobster. The most memorable part of the night, by far, was ordering the dessert. My girlfriend is from Brazil and one of her absolute favorite things is Brigadeiro. She was ecstatic to see it on the dessert menu in one of the dishes, because it is difficult to find a place that makes Brigadeiro (good or not aside, there just aren't many places that have it), especially where we live (AZ). She asked our server if she could just get a small plate of Brigadeiro by itself for dessert, and the server he would have to check with the chef. Here, though, they went a little above and beyond for me. Despite the Brigadeiro being listed only as an ingredient in a dish, the chef said that they would make a plate by itself, just for us. However, the chef wanted to inform us that it was not traditional brigadeiro, and even prepared a small sample for us to try before ordering a plate so that we wouldn't be disappointed if we were hoping for the traditional stuff. I can't find fault with service like that.

On a side-note, they have a dish that is cooked on a hot stone and comes out sizzling on that hot stone. I have no idea what it was called, but it was ordered repeatedly by other tables and smelled absolutely phenomenal. I would go back just to sit at the bar and be able to smell that dish being brought out to other tables.
It is very unfortunate that the Sushi Samba in Las Vegas is the closest spot to the Los Angeles area! Located on the second floor of the Palazzo Hotel, this place takes sushi to a whole new level. It was my last day in Vegas and decided to try it out with some company for lunch. The atmosphere was quite enjoyable! Loved the ambiance. The only bad thing I would have to mention is the lack of service, though it could have been due to the World Cup Finals contributing to the poor service. Nevertheless, this place has DELICIOUS sushi.

Combined total including tip: $100 (4 people)
Originality & Taste: 5/5
Service: 2/5
Price: $$

Suggested Samba Rolls:
- El Topo ($14): My favorite. Absolutely delicious! Never had anything like it. Fresh salmon, rectangular-shaped sushi (as opposed to your typical round-cuts), melted Mozzarella cheese & crispy onions toppers
- Rainbow Dragon Roll ($15): Freshwater eel, mango, red bell pepper, avocado. Need I say more?
- Spicy Yellowtail Roll ($6): Fresh yellowtail topped with just the right amount of spicy sauce
I give this restaurant three stars because of their innovation of infusing the Brazilian style in sushi, but I have to say it lacks a lot in the depth of enjoyable flavor though it might shock your taste buds. It just won't satisfy it. The price is expensive for such small portions are not satisfying. I would try this place if i wanted something exotic, but don't expect your stomach to be full rather it will still feel empty after dinner.
I had such a delightful experience here. Everything was amazing from the service to the food. 

Service:
I got seated right away and got service right away. Our waiter was amazing. He was oh so attentive and fast as hell with our order and everything else. There are plenty of people running around taking empty plates from your table and refilling your water...which is super important considering you're in Las Vegas and are probably dehydrated from the night before or from moments before. 
I asked where the restroom was and I was escorted there and once I got to the restroom there was an attendant that escorted me to the correct stall. 

Food:
The miso cilantro soup is da bomb. Go ahead and try it would ya? 
I'm no sushi fan at all but my bf insisted on me trying his eel avocado roll AND salmon avocado roll...holy crap...I LIKE SUSHI!! These are probably the first sushi rolls I enjoyed. Total yum-sicles and magical unicorns to go along with it. 
I also had the fillet mignon which was flippin good. 

Long story short (too late), try this place. It's dope. I will be coming back when I'm in town.
Sushi Samba or Nobu.......Sushi Samba or Nobu.......Sushi Samba or Nobu....... Oh decisions!!!!! 

Fantastic food! 
Fantastic Sushi! 
Fantastic concept! Brazilian+Peruvian+Japanese= AMAZING!!!! 
Fantastic drinks! 
Fantastic decor! 

We love Sushi Samba because it is so unique and soooo delicious. The fusion concept works perfectly and we have never disliked a dish. When dining here you must be adventurous or you won't understand the hype. You are not allowed to order california rolls, shame on you!!!!! Yes it can be loud and get very busy. Make reservations and be prepared to be in a trendy Las Vegas restaurant, there are no quiet spots inside. 

My wife and I travel to Vegas at least 6 times a year and ALWAYS make a reservation at Sushi Samba. We have actually started to choose Sushi Samba over Hard Rocks Nobu! 

Just go here and eat!!!!!!
I am bit conflicted on how to rate this place. There were a few things I liked about it and a few I did not. Three stars seem a bit low, while four seems too much. Perhaps 3.5?

First, the decor and ambiance is great!
I really enjoyed the fusion of food: Brazilian, Peruvian, & Japanese. The rolls were just ok, but the ceviche and tiraditos were really good. As expected, it was pricey and small. However, unless you are in Peru, you are not going to get large ceviche plates for cheap. I also liked the Caipirinha. The service wasn't bad but was also not very attentive. One thing that bothered me is that the gentleman that brought our pitcher of Caipirinha (hey! it wasn't just for me, people) and when he was serving my cup, the top came out and a bunch of the caipirinha spilled over on the table and a bit on me. Well, the staff handled it well. They apologized and cleaned the mess. However, the inner alky in me was having a fit because I felt the spilled at least a glass worth of the drink and didn't bring us more or maybe a give us a bit discount on the pitcher (just the pitcher). I think that would have been a nice gesture, since it was like if they brought me one drink, they drop it, and not bring me a new one. I really don't think it was absolutely necessary, but it would have been nice costumer service.

Overall, I would come back!
The ambiance in this place is really fun and sexy for sure. I went hear with 12 people to celebrate a friend's 30th bday and we had a great time. We gave the waitress a $50/person budget and they asked us for food allergies likes and dislikes and the check went to it!

They brought out 5 rounds of food I believe and there was a ton of it!The food over all wasn't anything amazing, but the DRINKS were fantastic and there were a few food gems as well. 

If you eat here and are not allergic to fish you HAVE to try the Sea bass it is served on a skewer in this teriyaki type sauce and it is hurt me so good AMAZING! As I said the food here in general was pretty good, but nothing that I was impressed with but one bite of the sea bass and I was so so so happy we came lol! Other food gems were the string bean fries (the sauce was the clencher for this) and these firecracker shrimp situations yum!

They also have hundreds and hundreds of different types of sake so if you are a fan definitely come try!
I am in love with this place. My boyfriend had their fraternity formal dinner in the back of the restaurant which was so incredibly beautiful I was almost in a trance or awe (but it could just be because the lighting).  They had platters and platters of sushi, skewers, sliced beef, and these really good side dishes that had these gargantuine sized kernels of corn.  The servers were on top of their game, and treated us with respect even though we were kind of a rowdy bunch.  Overall this place is very good, we had plates and plates of food and I didn't taste one thing that I didn't like.  Also, this is very conveniently placed in the palazzo, which makes slipping away and shopping very very easy. :)
Yes, I realize that this is a chain. But Sushi Samba is one of my most.favorite.restaurants.ever. I literally CRAVE their seabass skewers and Peruvian corn - AMAZING. Tempura green beans are delish. Great sushi. Awesome staff. Plus, where else can you grill your own kobe on a steaming rock? Yeah, that's right. You know your mouth is watering too.
Came here for my 21st Birthday dinner, the atmosphere was super slick and our waiter was cute.  The girl's bathroom was the coolest I've ever seen in my entire life - you pee in little round rooms with doors... so cool.  The sushi was eh, meh, bleh, but the rest of the food was great.  I was obsessed with the seared tuna appetizer.  Hot damn!
Ate here to celebrate a Bachelor Party.  Very trendy eating area. Helpful servers who were exteremely knowledgable about the menu. We pretty much ordered everything, the spicy rock shrip appetizer was tasty and the beef tartar was good too.  Sushi rolls were so/so, nothing special for the price tag. The best part of the meal was cooking or Wagu/Kobi beef on a heated rock. That meat melted in your mouth.

Overall it was nice to try once, but I dont think I'll ever be back, Sushi Roku in Caesars and Okada in Wynn are by far much better dining locales.
I have visited Sushi Samba twice now and the more look back on it, the more I regret going there. The food there was good (not great), and the prices here are ridiculous. 

Miso Marinated Sea Bass: The Sea Bass was the sized of my fist (no bigger). The flavors and texture of the Sea bass was great. I really enjoyed this dish, but for a tiny piece of fish priced at $29. It's not going to satisfy many and one might change theirr mind about sharing because of the small portions. If you want to add a side of rice it will set you back another $5!  
--- 3.5 / 5 Stars

Salt & Pepper Squid: Nothing out of the ordinary. Portion was small once again. $14 
--- 2.5 / 5 Stars

Maya Roll - The sushi itself wasn't that great, but the salsa was quite tasty. $11 
--- 3 / 5 Stars

BoBo Brazil - Probably the tastiest roll here. The addition of kobe beef was great. Small portions once again. $17
--- 4 / 5 Stars

As you can see for the price you're paying here, you can easily select another restaurant (especially if you're ok with eating outside the Venetian).

If you're staying at the Venetian I recommend eating at Delmonico Steakhouse (Bone-in Ribeye)
I came to Sushi Samba with a group of approximately 15 people. I felt that the servers talked us into ordering the $60 tasting menu simply because they didn't want to deal with the hassle of individual orders for a large group. From experience, restaurants where servers do this tend to disappoint.

Omakase is supposed to present the chef's choice dishes and highlight what a restaurant can do, but I don't think the omakase at Sushi Samba featured a great selection. We got an assortment of ceviche, seared and grilled fish, and rolls. The quality of fish was decent but not amazing. Neither the quality nor quantity of food we justified the price.  (Having lived in Seattle for several years, I've become spoiled by the wealth of good sushi restaurants here. I can easily think of two places where I've enjoyed much finer $60 omakase dinners.)

The service was slow. On a positive note, the decor at Sushi Samba is bomb. Great pre-party atmosphere. Not sure it's enough to bring me back though!
Despite all the hype, I'm a sushi lover. Made reservations for 6, had super fast service. They do tell you it's family-style. Weird. Nevertheless, the sushi is awesome! Loooove the Rainbow Dragon roll. The restaurant was full, even though it was a Sunday night, yet it did not take any time for the food to arrive. Nice! Food is awesome so I'd definitely come again when in Vegas.
Found this place because it was open late. Wow. Food was amazing and huge saki list.  The sea bass skewers were amazing.  Small portions so be prepared to throw down if you are hungry, but amazing food, decor, and ambiance. Love it!
Wanted to try SS for a long time, and now that I was staying @ Palazzo, I had to get in there. We went for an early dinner on a weekday. The place was empty, and we were seated right away. The menu was honestly, somewhat intimidating, and really shi shi. I like sushi, sashimi, sushi rolls, etc. I didnt really vibe with the brazilian twist the menu had. I did not research the menu enough before going in there. (Which was good in retrospect, because then I probably wouldnt have gone there, and missed a great meal.) I assumed- sushi samba= sushi. Lol. We ordered regular sushi rolls, sashimi pieces and miso soups. The miso was great. The grade of the sushi was out of this world. Def some of the best I have had, and I am a sushi addict. I have eaten it all over at home, and I try to get it whenever I am on vacation. Def recommend. There are high prices for the specialty fusion foods (which made me nervous and therefore I stuck with what I knew), but the place is gorgeous, service was fantastic, and if you are willing to take a chance on the specialty foods, Im sure you wont be disappointed.
Thursday Night. 9pm. 
Our reservations were honored to the minute and the man who runs the show, Mike Durovsik, at once made us feel not just like welcomed guests but old friends.

My Fiance and I were indulged with a 9 course specialized server's Omakase. The food was superb, and the service exceeds even the best definitions of accommodating. 

Our charming and attentive server asked immediately how adventurous we were willing to get, and since we had no objections to anything particular, our meal immediately commenced.

First was the Otsumami, three small dishes: Green Bean Tempura with a creamy truffle aoli dipping sauce (Incredible), shishito peppers charcoal grilled and just the right amount of spicy, as well as edamame sprinkled with sea salt.

Next came Hamachi (Yellowtail) Tacos paired with a fizzing sort of vinegarette (Spicy Aji Panca) on the side to top it off- This was filled with so much flavour It literally forced my eyes to roll back. A real Treat that I'd highly  reccommend.

At this point it was quite apparent that service and timing was top notch. The bottle of sake we brought was being chilled tableside and water never fell below the 2/3rds mark. As the bottle chilled we tasted two different cocktails-  Kumori, a cucumber cocktail with shochu and nigori which was refreshing, easy, and delicious.  Alongside was the ever popular Nina Fresa, a strawberry cocktail with vodka. Both made for easy, yet yummy drinking.

Their Mushroom Toban Yaki was divinely creamy- we got ours with Bincho Tan grilled Lamb on top which paired quite nicely with those garlic chips. Their were five different kinds of perfectly cooked mushrooms in the mix, and all around it made for a unique filling appetizer. My fiances words: That fu**ing amazing lamb dish ;)

The Sashimi Tiradito I'm always raving about came next. Still on a midblowing level, I noticed that their are different flavour notes (though served with the same ingredients) for the NYC location and the Las Vegas one. So if you think you've had it before, you haven't. Though different, the fish is always immensely fresh and the taste accents are truly wonderful. My favorite is the Kanpachi since I'm a sucker for Yuzu (Japanese citrus) and My fiance was a big fan of the Hamachi- If you're torn, go with the assortment of all four and you won't have any regrets.

Off the Robata Grill (Bincho Tan Charcoal) came the most decadant Crab Leg imaginable- our taste buds were literally in shock from the Mastermind Talents of Chef Oscar Toro. Bedded atop rock salt, the crab was creamy, fell apart smoothly, and the flavours enhanced the entire piece of already fresh seafood. A seasonal dish that may not always be available... So wonderful. If they don't have it on menu, go for the Spiny Lobster.

Also from from the Robata Grill we enjoyed The Miso Glazed Sea Bass with baby corn. Again, this dish can be done so many different ways at different high end Japanese restaurants- but Sushi Samba's brazillian take really heightens the tastes.

Ask for the freshest oysters of the day- you can go with traditional serving, paired with Yuzu Jelly and lemon, or a more contemporary take which Chef Oscar Toro will create specially for that oyster.- Both ways are unforgettable.

My absolute favorite dish is the KOBE ISHIYAKI. You grill fresh pieces of perfectly marbleized Kobe tableside 3-5 seconds on each side on an extremely hot River Stone. You get 4-5 sauces and and array of salts to mix up the taste buds for you- Absolutely the most decadently delicious dish. Whenever I see this I must have it, and Sushi Samba's is THE BEST I've had. Not enough people indulge in this and you Must must must!!! 

Our Sushi/Sashimi platter was fresh and wonderful- exquisite. We got the Neo Tokyo and the El Topo rolls- Neo Tokyo has tuna and a bit of spicy to it, and the El Topo is served warm- a surprising aspect, but the melted mozzarella is such a unique addition. It's like the movie "El Topo" you must try/ see both! 

For dessert we went with Mochi; a soft and chewy Japanese dessert that is traditionally not overly sweet. Sushi Samba adds ice cream to the center and offers all the best flavours. 

By the end of our meal and a finished bottle of Sake, we were both more than pleasantly buzzed and satiated with an incredible meal. 


**************
Bottom line, if you are trying to decide between Nobu and Sushi Samba, Pass on Nobu and put some Samba in your Seafood!!

Thank you again Mike and Oscar for such a wonderful Night!!
The staff here was very attentive and the space looks fantastic but the menu was a bit too weird for me. Most things on the menu are Japanese but with a Brazilian twist. My gf and I weren't totally up for the twist. We're just big fans of Japanese food especially sushi. We ordered some rolls and miso soup and found everything to be fantastic. This was the best grade sushi we ever had in Vegas. If the menu wasn't so weird and intimidating I would have given this place more stars.
Sushisamba - one of my fave restaurants in Las Vegas!  

We ordered

1)  Tempura Shrimp & Vegetables with rice 
2)  Berkshire Pork Belly Ramen - YUMMY!!  Love the different types of mushrooms used in the broth.
3)  BoBo Brazil Roll - Kobe Beef!!
4)  For dessert - 3 types of icecream & Warm Chocolate Banana Cake
Sushi Samba puts an excellent spin on traditional sushi.  The fusion of Japanese and South American flavors are a perfect combination.  Since I like my food on the spicy side, I found that Sushi Samba adds that flare to usually very neutral sushi.  

The one dish I found to be my favorite of the visit was the Hamachi (Yellowtail) Sashimi Tiradito.  Hamachi is always a great choice for its oil content, but along with the spicy/tangy sauce it is served on is a more than suitable replacement for shoyu.  I also tried the Yamato Roll, which is sushi with maguro and  foie gras, a great and unique flavor.  One disappointment I found was the Kobe Beef Sushi.  I would rather have had otoro.  One last recommendation, don't order collard greens at a sushi place.  It was decent although it was no southern style collard greens that I prefer.  

I will definitely go back to Sushi Samba the next time I am in Vegas.  There are so many things on the menu that I still want to try!
The prices at Sushi Samba are jaw-dropping. Our family had 3 kids and 5 adults and we spent about $1,000 after all was said and done. All I can say is thank goodness somebody else was treating!

The food was pretty darn good and the drinks were well prepared. The decor inside the restaurant is distinctive and a real pleasure to enjoy. The only drawback is that it was really dark, so it was more difficult to really take it all in. They also have a video playing on a projector that is good at setting the mood for the cuisine - Brazilian steakhouse meets Japanese sushi meets other stuff - but is sort of odd without sound and just like 1-2 second flashes of stuff. It reminded me too much of Clockwork Orange only without the taped open eyes.

The service is excellent at Sushi Samba as they go out of their way to make sure that you have everything and that all messes, etc. are cleaned up. I'd say that they had about 7 staff members doting on our table and it was a nearly full house.

Sushi Samba is one of those places that I would recommend visiting if somebody else was paying. No way that my cheap sensibilities would allow me to break out $1,000 for meal!
We stopped here for a few drinks after wandering around the Venetian. The bartender was very nice and helpful. He took the time to discuss and describe the different flavors of some alcohols that I wasnt familiar with on the menu. He even let me taste one. The service was great. 

The drinks were different to say the least. Interesting, but borderline too strange. It was nice to try something different, but overall I didnt really care for the drinks I tried and they were way overpriced.
I was in town for a bachelorette party and ate here for our "nice dinner" Friday night. The ambiance was awesome. I loved the vibe of the place.... bu the most important part, the food, was just okay and truly nothing to write home about. It lacked depth, flavor, and overall "WOW THIS IS AWESOME." Not one single dish stood out to me. I didn't like the melting pot of Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian. Stick with one and make it amazing. Don't dabble in all three. Perhaps that's me being a traditionalist, but so be it.

The waitress seemed put off by the large quantity of us at the table. She huffed and puffed constantly. She highly suggested that we pick a dollar amount and stick with it. When we asked if we could order something from the menu separately, it was frowned upon. We'd tell her what we liked/didn't like and they'd customize the menu for us - sticking to our chosen $$ range. If we didn't like something, they'd take it back and replace it with another item from the menu. In a way, kinda cool and makes sense but then again, it was frustrating. We couldn't pick things we eyed on the menu. We had to cross our fingers it showed up. 

I won't go back. Okada blows this place out of the water. So does Sushi Roku. Go there instead if you're craving sushi while in Vegas.
Decor is extremely upscale and classy, so I kinda felt like a celebrity. Probably because I went here for a formal a while back and the group I was with was pretty dressed up. We even got seated in the backroom, VIP baby! We were served several courses. Considering it was a formal and everyone was all squiggley and silly (aka drunk), I'm not sure sushi or raw meats was a good pick, but the dinner was decent and the food was good, nothing over the top amazing, but the giant white corn kernels were pretty bomb with the rare cooked meat.

Not that I should review this place and mention it's restroom but why in the world is it so dark in there?? 
I had trouble locking the door when using the bathroom..I wish you lit it up just a little more.
Yum!

Came here for dinner whilst on vacation. Cute place with a bar area and then more extensive seating for the restaurant area. Our party of 3 ordered an appetizer of kobe beef (super super pricey! our waitress had to inform us that the actual price was even more expensive than what was listed on the menu) and I wanted yellowtail so we got the hamachi sashimi tiradito. The kobe was really tender and delicious; we got to cook it on a hot rock ourselves. It came with an assortment of sauces and oils and salts, but my preference was just to dip it in the sesame oil before cooking it and then getting a few grains of the black rock salt to stick to the edge of the meat before eating it. The tiradito was yummy too. It came with a tangy spicy, ginger-y sauce (that was also given to us with the kobe) and was topped with little red jalepeno slices (and since I love spicy foods, that was awesome to me).

For main entres, we ordered the chef special sushi platter and asked to make sure they gave us the 'yamato' as one of the rolls (which is really fancy with foie gras and tuna and caviar and gold leaf). We also ordered the 'bobo brazil' which contains kobe beef and chimichurri (one of my favorite sauces) amongst other things, and the 'rainbow dragon' which had a wasabi pea crust on it, which made the texture really interesting (in a good way).

To go with our meal, we also ordered several different kinds of sake. We ended up having the manager (who is an avid sake enthusiast and has been to Japan many times to find delicious sake for the restaurant) help us out with choosing the right sake to go with our dishes. We started off with an unfiltered, super fruity, sweet sake which I fell in love with. I'm not a big fan of sake usually, but this one was really good. The other ones we tried were all pretty good too (light and I could barely taste the alcohol) but they were all overshadowed by the first one we had.

Since we had already racked up a pretty extensive bill with all the food that we ordered, we decided to splurge on a little dessert too. I ordered the 'carmen miranda' which is just seasonal fruits with a little cake and yuzu sorbet. The sorbet was tart and refreshing and a nice way to end the meal (like a palette cleanser and breath saver! haha). Someone else ordered the warm chocolate banana cake. Our server told us it was the most popular dessert but warned us that it was super rich and heavy. It came out in a huge flying saucer shaped dish with a tiny dip in the middle to hold the dessert. I didn't taste it but it definitely smelled and looked amazing and the guy who ordered it seemed to enjoy it.

Oh! And the highlight of the night was when the DJ started playing some Fedde le Grand tracks!! GAWD. A meal encompasses not only the food, but the ambiance, and that was perfect for me. (The DJ was set up in a really accessible location, so I'm sure you could go and request stuff if the music you're hearing isn't adding to your meal).
Went to Sushi Samba at the advice of our concierge for a fun meal with good sushi. The sushi was good the rest was terrible. First, the restaurant was filled with Wooting office groups clearly in town on expense accounts. The constant wooting after each shot grated on our nerves but would have been tolerable if not for the awful service. First, no menus were available, though our waitress tried to push an expensive tasting menu on us in their absence. Luckily, menus showed up and we ordered. We also wanted sake but barely any was affordable. We found a nice $34 bottle but was advised it was "out", of course but our kind server substituted another one without asking. Only problem it was half the size.  Server was rude and rushed and we tipped accordingly. On the plus side, the sushi was tasty.  Avoid this place unless you have a high tolerance for office parties and bad service.
Meh.  Was there for lunch and service was great, however the sushi was just ok.  Great space, which is always misleading in Vegas.  The awesome space sometimes doesn't equal the quality of the food.
If you are looking to spend $$$ to $$$$ for a nice meal in Vegas, I would not recommend this place.  

But if you happen to be staying in the area, like we were, it's decent and convenient for late night happy hour (Sunday to Friday from 11pm to close).  Caipirinhas and mojitos for 6 bucks.  Couple of Asian fusion dishes (small servings) for 6 bucks.  

We were just there on late Friday night and wow, the place was dead.
Food Boner Scale: (7.8)====D

Yeah, a solid 7.8. Not quite an 8, but better than 7.5. Like... the perfect balance, right girls? That's right. *nods head*

But enough about me. The food here was delicious, moderately priced for a place in the Palazzo. For the life of me, I can't remember one of the pieces of sushi I ate. It came on a tasting plate with 4 other selections, and it was one of the most incredible things I had tasted in recent memory.

That said, a couple of the other pieces of sushi weren't as good as I hoped. This place definitely isn't Sen of Japan quality, but it's got that awesome Peruvian flair too, so that's cool. The meats were out-of-this-world-bonerific, and I can't wait to go back to focus more on the chorizo.

High five to Sushi Samba for putting Godzilla clips on the TV. Made my meal. Also, there was an abnormal amount of gorgeous women in there on a Thursday night.

Overall, great meal... got a great taste of the menu. Cliff notes are: Better sushi options in the city, chorizo and other meats were top notch, overall solid four stars, would dine again, would recommend to friends.
Fish is ok quality.  The highlight was the california roll (which I never typically order) which had real crab meat.  Kobe beef on the hot rock was ok.
My well-traveled, hapa popolo friend put it best when she opinioned that Vegas has the biggest collection of restaurants in the el mundo.  
What makes Sushi Samba "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" for this humble 3AM diner on The Strip is our excellent server, Tanice.  She hunted down off-menu Nigori Mura (aka The Sake Milkshake), and eclectic-sized our Samba Strip and Neo Tokyo rolls because we like a drop kick in our aguacate culture. Gochisosama.

BIG Japanese bows & Brazilian butt jiggles also for: 
-Yellow Tail Taquitos
-Peru's corn kernels (my people call it maize)  
-Tataki Skewers
- No Blue Fin Tuna until they won't be extinct. 

We vote they also "Pass on the Sea Bass" which is also over-fished.  ( I blame these species for being so tastey.  Why do they tempt me?  My flesh is weak.)

Special thanks to Hayes for getting la cuenta put on my room and the Ranchera banda in the back.  Hayes puts the eclectic in eclectricity!
Cool environment, but nothing special about the drinks or service.
Sushi Samba has a pretty delicious menu. I am a big fan of the variety they had to offer. The sashimi was extremely fresh, each bite was a taste of buttery heaven! The foie gras roll was one my favorite for the night along with the tuna and salmon sashimi pieces. The place is yes, pricey but it was an experience.. =)
Yes I know, 5 stars is saying a lot.  And of course no business is without some faults.  But . .. 

First is the genuine creativity of the food.  Amazing.  They meld some crazy combination of Japanese, Peruvian, Brazilian and Freaking sexy.  I don't know.  But every dish, and we had MANY, surprised the palate.

The manager was caring and even offered us a free starter.  Some little piece of ocean life on top of a finely chopped pile of garlic and green things . . . outrageously good.

Then the waitress, Luara, started telling us stories.   About the foods and origins of dishes.  About the little stuff (this black salt on the filet is from . .. and one of the four seaweeds you just had was made from algae not seaweed .. . ) and on and on.  And this angel waitress has a passion for food and takes joy in making our time special.  I'll stop here, but she was so good at being THERE with us. How often do you get that treatment and it's not being faked?

The table next to us had some kind of drink tower.  Little tiny wine glasses on a metal tree full of different drinks and lit up from the bottom.  Fun.  

Prices reasonable and maybe the crowd a little wild, but it was in The Palazzo in Vegas, what do I expect!?  This place is hidden= hunt for it!!!
3.5 stars. For a party of 2, we ordered:

Yamato roll: tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar, gold leaf
Tuna tataki
Uni nigiri (6 orders: only 1 piece per order)
Hamachi sashimi

Yamato roll was expensive and small. I can understand why it's expensive but the price wasn't worth paying. I absolutely love tuna, foie gras, and caviar so that's why we ordered it.....but all those together on a roll just wasn't to my liking.

Tuna tataki was above average but nothing to rave about. Every place puts their own spin on tuna tataki. So, me being the tuna lover that I am...we had to try it. I've had better. It wasn't memorable.

Hamachi sashimi was suprisingly fresh. We were hesitant to order it because we were thinking Las Vegas wouldn't have fresh fish. We were surprised.

Uni nigiri was the best I've EVER had anywhere so far. VERY surprised! Also liked the nori (seaweed) around the uni because it wasn't too chewy. They don't put wasabi in the middle which is a plus for me since I don't like wasabi.

The good: 1.5 stars for the uni alone, 1 star for the fun atmoshphere, and 1 star for the large menu selection. 

The bad: wait time, tables too close together, and it's a bit pricey for what you get.
Happy hour  = $6 Mojitos, Capirinhas, and select food.

We ordered a few dishes for happy hour here and found some hit and miss. The wonderful ceviche with came topped with a fabulous salad. The salad dressing was heavenly: light sesame oil and just a hint of spice. The crunchiness of the salad balanced well with the slightly cooked fish.

Besides the ceviche, the other dishes were not very unique. The sushi was uninspired and the squid was okay. Everything presented well.

Try: Ceviche (They have several kinds)
Skip: Sushi
Amazing and unique Peruvian + Japanese + Brazilian combination!  The location is beautiful, we had a few pisco sours and a caipirinha (YUM!) at the bar to start and then moved inside for our dinner reservation.  We are all Peruvian and love sushi so this combination totally hit the spot!!!  All of the food was delicious, and I especially enjoyed the Green Envy roll with aji amarillo and Neo Tokyo roll with aji panca.

We got:
yellowtail tiradito
yellowtail ceviche
beef anticuchos (with Peruvian corn)
Neo Tokyo roll (yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca)
El Topo roll (salmon, jalapeo, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzarella, crispy onion, sounds like a weird combo but we loved it!)
Green Envy roll (tuna, salmon, asparagus, wasabi pea crust, aji amarillo-key lime mayo)

-1 star for $$$
Went there for happy hour on a Wed night. It was pretty dead by the time we got there. Didn't like the mojito...  Even though it was$6 only. The salt and pepper squid was good. Veggie tempura decent, chicken skewer was good and shrimp tempura roll was terrible. Service was pretty good.  Enjoy
Beautiful!  I was so excited to find out this place was in the Palazzo. I could have eaten there every meal. The space looks beautiful and the food was almost as good as I remember it from NYC. The El Topo roll was my favorite but the happy hour taco's and deals were pretty good as well.
I was surprised at the menu actually. I came in thinking sushi but then I saw the Brazilian items and I've been reading Peruvian too? Anyways, my feeling was that the sushi menu wasn't as extensive as it should have been. I mean, the restaurant name is Sushi Samba. Now that i think about it, I guess I shoulda paid a little more attention to the Samba in the name. :) The sushi I did have though was very good. The cocktails were ok too. I just wanted to be wowed and for almost $400 I don't think we were.
Being that this restaurant is a fusion of Peruvian, Japanese and Brazilian cuisine I was definitely interested in going there.  We ordered a bunch of dishes tapas style - Seabass with peruvian corn, Quinotto, Chicken Anticuchos, Yellowtail ceviche and El topo roll.  Food was pretty flavorful and creative,  being a true fan of peruvian cuisine it was a little off especially the ceviche but seabass with peruvian corn was the favorite all around.  Mixed drinks were great especially the Pisco sours and Caiprinhas.  Overall great place for tapas, most portions are small.
I really really enjoyed this place. We went with a group and had no idea what we were getting ourselves into. with around 8 people we basically just gave the waiter a set price and told him to pick stuff himself and let us try as much of a variety as we could. The lowest he could go was $40 a person which sounded fair to us. 

For the next hour and a half he brought out around 10 plates all with delicious things for us to taste. I was worried that no one would leave full but we all filled up pretty quickly and everything was beautifully made and tasted great!

It's pricey but I think it's worth it. Next time I go, I will be prepared to drop more cash to get more food.

I will never forget the sea bass. Ever. 

The waiter was great by the way. I don't remember his name but he's great with people, knows the food inside and out, and really made it a great experience for us. He's blond with curly hair, not too tall, and lean, not a big dude. try to get him if you can.
This place has some amazing unique food options on the menu. I am a HUGE sushi fan and tend to stick to the same things when I go places. This time my boyfriend and I decided to try some different things, best decision ever. Everything we had was scrumptious. His personal favorite was the Carnival Roll, the yellow seaweed wrap made the presentation even better. We also got the Neo Tokyo, which is like a spicy tuna roll but WAY better. The BoBo Brazil was one I had read about on here by another reviewer, which I am glad I did. The sauce on top really did the trick. We also go the Avocado Salmon Roll because it's my two favorite things put together!  I would recommend this place to any sushi lover who wants to try a little twist, and there are many other options on the menu.
Let's just say this place is sooo scrumptious! Their Bobo Brazil is my favorite! Mmm savory seared kobe beef in a roll can't get better than that. Definitely recommend their spicy tuna roll as well. I love the uniqueness of their hybrid menu it's different in a good way. Their service is also really good. Well, except for this one cocky waiter. He introduced himself at our table as, "the best and most wanted waiter in Vegas".... seriously?
My dad picked out this place to go to dinner when he was in town this weekend.  I had never been, and I love sushi, so I was totally ok with his choice.

We arrived and looked at the menu, but ended up not needing it as we settled on the option our server gave to us... tell her our likes and dislikes, and they'd make a custom menu for us to try a bunch of everything.

What followed was a lot of food that we would have never ordered... and we were delighted at the items they brought us.  Our favorite was the chilean sea bass, which was so tasty.  It came with peruvian corn, which is like huge overgrown corn.  We also really enjoyed the yellowtail seviche taquitos and the rock shrimp tempura, as well as a few of the numerous sushi rolls they had brought at the end.  And our meal also included giant crab legs, some peruvian sashimi, and at least one or two dishes I'm failing to remember.

The music was a little loud and not to my dad's taste, but that's typical in Vegas.  The meal was definitely a unique experience, and we wouldn't have stumbled upon half the dishes without letting the chef do his thing.  I highly recommend you dine in this fashion if you visit Sushi Samba.
Great menu.  We had the server make us a tasting menu.  I highly suggest this.  I also asked for a cocktail suggestion and the server sent out a cucumber vodka drink which was great.  Food was very good, service was very good, and the ambience was very good.  Didn't give it 5 stars because I wasn't blown away.
This was hands down the worst dining experience I have EVER had. I chose this restaurant to celebrate a dear friend's 30th birthday because I had read numerous positive reviews online.

The hostess who answered the phone was courteous and professional and we were able to get a prime reservation on a Saturday night. The good stopped there. 

Our server was unbelievably rude and unhelpful with the menu. His only obvious desire was to up-sell us on all of the choices we made. I understand the desire to up-sell, but there is a way to do this in a genuine less greedy manner. I would have ordered more drinks if he had even bothered to check on our table, but that seemed to be above him.

The seaweed salad arrived and it was both mushy and very under seasoned.

Then, the real culinary horror arrived: a plate of sushi samba's signature sushi rolls. One roll was topped with burnt foie gras that also tasted a rancid. I mentioned it to the waiter the one and only time he came to check on our table and he told me that, "Everyone else really likes that roll. I'll have to talk to my manager." ummmm???  Why wouldn't you offer me something else from the menu? Why would you let a patron leave dissatisfied?

And that was the last time we ever saw him. It was as though we had offended him and for the rest of the evening he completely ignored us. We waited over 20 minutes for our check to come after the table had been cleared.  I almost got up and left. What an insult to have chosen a restaurant for such a special occasion and then to be treated so poorly.

I would like to note that the bussing staff was excellent. They provided seamless clearing of our plates and refilling of our water.

All in all, Sushi Samba I hate you for ruining such a special night.
Bachelorette party of 12 girls. I called to make reservations and they informed me on the phone that with a large party of our size, we would need to do a set menu. They said that the waiter would work with us on the day of to put together a menu to work around any restrictions we had. 

We were running a little late (you can imagine how that can happen with1 2 girls) so I called to let them know and they were very nice and accommodating. They said not to worry and that they would hold our table for us. We arrived at the restaurant and were seated at a big table in the back of the restaurant (the restaurant is pretty big). The table itself was huge and we had plenty of space between the 12 of us.

So, between the group of 12, we had the following restrictions: one pregnancy, allergies to peanuts, shrimp, and shellfish. The waiter asked us what amount we wanted to keep it to and we told him to keep it around $50/person. We ended up with the following:

+Otsumami assortment of edamame, green bean tempura, shishito - all delicious. The dipping sauce had truffle in it... who doesn't love truffles??
+Berkshire Pork Gyoza - pretty good gyoza. Wasn't a big fan of the pumpkin dipping sauce..
+Yellowtail Taquitos - delicious! 
+Sea Bass Anticucho and Chicken Anticucho - the sea bass was amazing (as everyone else has already mentioned). It is so buttery and melts in your mouth.
+A ton of sushi rolls and some sashimi - pretty good... I would say their strength is in more of their cooked food than their sushi and sashimi. I always prefer sashimi over rolls because the rolls are usually too fusiony for me but the other girls loved them
+Rio Grande Churrasco - 5 diff meats with 3 diff dipping sauces. Very good but so full that we couldn't eat much

Service was great. We informed our waiter that we needed to be out the door by 9:30 PM and he made sure that the food just kept coming. By the end of dinner, we were so stuffed that we couldn't even eat all of the churrasco and had no space for dessert. We even came under budget by a little bit and were all way overly stuffed. 

Food was pretty good... but more than anything, it's a fun atmosphere that's good for groups. Would definitely go back with a large party.
No way. Their rolls are very dry and bad. They are expensive. Service is bad and slow. Their anticucho was pretty good, but other than that, everything was NOT good. Don't go here. I wouldn't recommend this place.
Ultra hip Sushi/Japanese restaurant with great TV's for sporting events.  The menu has tremendous variety.  Our waiter was a transfer from South Beach and was very enthusiastic.  He gave us multiple recommendations.  we started wtih the Sawagani or River crabs which were okay, but i would skip.  Eating these tiny crabs was like eating a few crunchy crackers with some lemon base coating.  I then had some yellowtail crispy taquitos which were very unusual with some very spicy, lemony sauce.  I would definitely recommend these.  I had the Samba sushi & sashimi assortment, which was very good.  In summary, the sushi and sashimi are very good here.  The restaurant is a little pricey, but not for Las Vegas.  The atmosphere is really fun, and the service is great.  I definitely look forward to my next visit.
Wow - talk about a great Japanese experience.  They have a tremendous variety of hand rolls and maki and will customize it if you don't want it. I ordered Kobe beef and they bring a hot rock for you to cook it on with all kinds of exotic spices and dips to try.  Great service, modern - pricey, but the store across the way from it was selling $800 jeans - what do you expect at Pallazzo.
You must try the miso glazed sea bass.  OMG! like butta!! Melts in your mouth!! See the pic. The glaze is sweet but not too sweet then BAM! you get that soft, buttery, tender-falling-apart-in-your-mouth sea bass. 
We tried the sampler split amoung a group of ladies, but this IS the dish. This is the most impressive dish here.  The bathrooms are cool too with grafitti art. The food's ok overall, but it seemed like they served both cuisines more than a fusion of the cuisines.
Amazing food, excellent service, open atmosphere with a trendy feel and even a nice bathroom!  

There were 7 of us and everyone was happy with their food.  They bring out your food as it is ready, which worked quite well and we did not feel rushed at all.  They also have a fun drink menu. 

The menu has a lot of options for sushi and non-sushi treats.  There is a lot to choose from and it's nice to get a few different things to try.  Everyone at the table ordered different things including shrimp, chicken, duck, beef, soup, sushi etc etc etc.  There was not a complaint from anyone, not even the super foodies! 

I had the yellowtail tiradito and it was an incredibly flavorful appetizer.   The Pacific roll with king crab, asian pear and a wasabi-avocado crema was excellent.  It was a generous size and it was different than your typical sushi offering.  

I highly, highly, highly recommend the sea bass & miso skewers.  The texture is perfect and the flavor is spectacular!  Three of us ordered it and left not a crumb on our plates.

Takeaways?  Fast all day.  Go to Sushi Samba in the Venetian/Palazzo.  Drink fun drinks.  Order a la carte and enjoy the options.  Eat the sea bass or you are missing out.
This place was great. The food was amazing and the service was excellent. Very friendly and attentive staff for a Vegas restaurant where they know they'll have business.  I had the BoBo Brazil roll, (which was excellent), the spicy tuna roll and the Yellowtail Jalapeno. All the fish was fresh and tasted great. The Brazil roll was awesome. Another plus is they don't serve Blue Fin Tuna which is becoming extinct from human consumption of course. It's good to know that some restaurants try to help out. An overall great experience at a restaurant.
A group of friends and I ordered from the Chef's menu, where you tell the waiter your likes and dislikes so that the chef can create a dish suitable and substantial to your likings. We decided for the 60-80 dollars a person menu.. 
So after purchasing $100 dollars a head for dinner, I've decided that the only great dish they had was the Kobe beef taco; which wasn't even for us. It was for the birthday girl. I should've said I don't eat fish.
I've been here several times, and the food keeps me coming back. I LOVE the concept (Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian fusion), and the atmosphere is definitely trendy. Food is amazing. Service tends to be a hit or miss. Not too sure why they let their hosts wear flats and flip flops to work either in a multi-million dollar Vegas resort... just saying.

My favorites from the menu:
- green bean tempura w/ truffle aioli (I LOVE TRUFFLE)
- shishito peppers
- mushroom toban-yaki
- veggie kun roll
- agedashi tofu
- shiitake mushroom w/ hijiki seaweed salad
- coconut soup for dessert. A savory, light, well-balanced dessert
** Before I gave up meat/fish, my faves were the miso-marinated Chilean seabass, spicy tuna roll, and organic chicken and smoked teriyaki skewer. I didn't forget about you guys!

If you want excellent service, request Dayn as your server. He is on point, very knowledgable about the menu, and very attentive. Did I mention very courteous?
Excellent food, but it comes at a price. My boyfriend and I came here for what was supposed to be a light lunch, but we spent over $80 and still left hungry! But it's Vegas, and it certainly wasn't the most expensive restaurant we came across. The menu didn't have as many sushi options as we expected- just the basics and a small list of specialty rolls. But there was a good variety of other fusion dishes, which seems to be the restaurant's main focus.

My boyfriend started off with the sawagani, which is flash fried Japanese river crabs. Basically, they're small (~1 inch) fried crabs that you eat whole. There was no way I was touching those things! I had the tuna tataki, which was very fresh and came in a tasty sauce.  We shared the rock shrimp tempura, which came in larger sized pieces, and the spicy tuna roll. Both tasted fine. 

For drinks, my boyfriend tried one of their shochus (not soju), a Japanese drink similar to sake but tastes like vodka. Prices ranged from $10-15 a glass, and it was pretty potent for a lightweight like me.

Service was great. Our server was attentive and had no problem explaining the items on the menu. Atmosphere-wise, the interior has a nice, modern decor, but the music is really loud, and the lighting is very dim. Overall, we had a good dining experience, and I would recommend trying this place if you have some money to spend!
For the price we paid, I expected so much more in the taste department.

I eat sushi on the regular, and was expecting something new, delicious and exciting out of Samba Sushi. A local recommend us to try this spot, so we did. Spent over $150 for two people and this is what our meal consisted of:

- Two miso soups
- Two seaweed salads
- Two rolls
- Two cocktails

End of story, not worth the money at all. Now I don't mind spending a pretty penny for something downright tasty, this was far from it. Everything was so mediocre and bland. I left hungry, pissed and wanted to knock out the guy who suggested we piss away our money on this place.
My opinion/side note - I dont think its their sushi that makes this a good place to eat. But its the dishes that are not other sushi restaurant menus that makes it worth the cost.

This place is really good, only if you order the right things, because ordering something bad can cost you a pretty penny. I have been here twice and the 2nd time was much better because we all knew what we liked. 

The Chilean Seabass on the Robata Grill section was probably my favorite rendition of Chilean Seabass. Our waiter said the Robata grill costs $1000 a day to operate? something like that. But wow it was good. You have to order off of this part of the menu if you are a fan of grilled food.
Probably the only time I felt like a winner in Vegas all weekend, just playing, kinda, lol.

The Yellowfin taquitos were so unique, and the foam chili sauce that came with it was the perfect compliment.

El Topo - good but not great. Table loved it though.

Rock shrimp tempura with black truffle aoili - if I ever make my dream of opening up a restaurant come true - this will be the first item on the menu. WOWWWW. It made a shrimp convert out of 1 the people at our table. But really how can u not like shrimp?


-P
Sushi Samba is probably one of a better sushi restaurant in Las Vegas except its ridiculously expensive.  The sake we love is more than $350 a bottle but it does have quiet a selection here.  Our favorite is the kobe beef on the rock.  Its simply awesome and beautifully presented.  The raw lobster sashimi is always good.  However the oysters this time was not sweet at all.  If you don't mind paying way way way too much for sushi, then Sushi Samba does have good quality of fish.
I really don't have much to say, since I grabbed a quick bite here for lunch. I had the shrimp tempera and salmon and avocado roll. Both were great - they tasted very fresh. The prices couldn't be better - $14 for lunch. The decor is cool - I know this sounds odd - but if you visit you have to check out the bathrooms - they are super cool.

The only thing I didn't like was that they didn't have that many signature/special rolls. They probably had about 5/6 different options when it came to special rolls and they seemed a little to far out there. Not what I would want included in my sushi. But then again, I am just a beginner, so maybe I am not open minded enough when it comes to sushi. Guess you will have to go visit and decide for yourself. Don't worry, it's worth the visit.
4-7pm is happy hr on sunday-friday only.  $6 menu for selected items.

I ordered the yellow tail seviche.  it had a great flavor.  garlic ginger and soy.  :0)  it had a nice spicy kick to it.  

also tried the tuna seviche.  this had grapefruit juice, jalapeo, and almond.  this was yum as well.  but yellow tail was way better on my taste buds.  the grapefruit gave it a  too tart after flavor for me. 

off the happy hr menu, i had a Kumamoto oyster shooter.  along with a blue point oyster raw. i wanted more, but they are like $3 per oyster.  a bit too pricey for 1 oyster if you ask me.  But its vegas so i had to try 1.  i could have had a few dozen more of those bad boys though.  

to drink i had a mojito.  and boy it was yum.  how ever i prefer the mojito from table10 rt next door.
Great atmosphere and awesome service!  

Our server was VERY knowledgeable about the menu and she explained how to order.  She saw the confused look on our face and said "let me know your preferences, your budget and I'll put together a menu for you".  We all agreed that was the way to go.  She picked a GREAT combination of appetizers, sides and entrees for us to try along with a large plate of sushi.  We were all impressed with the food choose and were very happy with her selections. 

Here are some highlights of the dishes we tried....

The sashimi taquitos.  Lightly friend corn tortilla stuffed with various sashimi with a great salsa.
The pork gyoza with a sweet pumpkin sauce.  FRICKEN DELICIOUS!
Skewered sea bass marinaded in miso.  YUM

Those are just a few dishes that stood out for me.  Definitely will be back.
Fresh sushi and friendly service. Food was served without utensils and that's a pet peeve of mine. Had a great Bloody Mary. Overall good experience.
I had the chance to go back this past weekend and got a completely  different experience the second time around at Sushi Samba. 

After a fun filled weekend adventure in Vegas, we decided to give SS another shot. It was my cousin's birthday, and we figured we would stop by for a farewell Vegas-Birthday dinner. We stayed at the Venetian, which made SS a stone throw away. We couldn't have came at a better time, the environment was so much more personal than the time before. I highly recommend avoiding peak dining hours if possible. This will give you time to enjoy your meal while getting some extra attention from servers. Since we arrived at around 4pm on a Sunday, the timing was perfect. 

Our party grabbed a couple dishes and shared them all. This was the perfect way to sample everything. We started our mission into Japanese/Peruvian/Brazilian adventure with...

Otsumami: A mix of three appetizers. Edamame, Fried Green Beans, and Grilled Shishito Peppers. My absolute favorite was the Shishito Peppers. They were doused in sea salt and lemon, and one out of every couple were spicy. Perfect mix to the subtle hues of the Edamame. 

Yellowtail Seviche: Little tiny tacos filled with a mixture of yellowtail, onions, avocado and a side of chile sauce. These little babies packed a flavorful punch!

Next up was the Smoked Alaskan King Crab Leg: Wood fired, served in the half shell, perfectly cut and smothered in a signature sauce. These were so delicious and just melted in my mouth like butter!

Round four, Peruvian Bay Scallops: Served in the shell as well, perfectly cooked. You can tell that they know how to prepare their seafood because everything tasted so fresh. This was my cousin's favorite dish and her first time ever trying scallops. 

Then came out the Rock Shrimp Tempura. We could hardly eat anymore, however we asked for the most flavorful, scrumptious items, and intended on finishing them! After that, the Yellowtail Sashimi. It had spicy blended orange sauce on it, that was the perfectly paired with the fish. My personal fave of the night. 

Make sure to order a signature cocktail while you are there. We had a couple (after all, what kind of birthday is complete without drinks?), and the one that really stood out was the Chu-Cumber. It was like you were drinking the most exquisite cup of tea mixed with the cool tones of cucumber, all while getting a little buzz on. 

My taste buds are so happy that I gave Sushi Samba another shot. The best part was, management remembered that it was my cousin's birthday, and brought out a little slice of carrot cake with ice cream and sparklers crowning the top. It was definitely a birthday dinner that we will all remember.
I'm always gonna be a fan of sushi samba

Came here late thanks giving night for 2nd dinner. Glad they were open since most places closed early.
Friends got steaks, sushi, rolls, sashimi....

I got eggplant and mushroom toban? i think.. IT was absolutely delicious. Along w a bottle of good sake
I liked the ambiance of this place. I particularly enjoyed the menu selection and the Salmon, mozzarella roll with crispy onions on it. It was so delicious that I took a picture of the menu, so I could try to recreate it at home. The presentation was nice too. Thanks for making an evening in Vegas fun!
Awesome sushi and very unusual! They use mango, spicy peppers, fried onions even! Not traditional but great. Lao the cucumber martini yummy!
I hate to give such a terrible review, because the food was actually decent.  I went there during the Christmas holiday in '09 and got MASSIVE FOOD POISONING!!!  My poor mom had to stay in the room with me the whole weekend because I couldn't stop throwing up after the meal I had here, making me miss the show I had tickets for.  Even worse was having to sit for 4+ hours on the ride home back to LA while I felt this way.  I can never go back there for obvious reasons.
I've eaten at Sushi Samba before in NY and I'm a fan therefore I did not hesitate to eat here again for lunch when I was in Vegas.  The food did not disappoint.  Sushi rolls were fresh and yummy.  We had the kobe and lobster.  My choice of cocktail raspberry watermelon was refreshing.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable.  Pricey but definitely worth it.
Not only is this my favorite sushi place, this is my favorite restaurant ever. We tried a little of everything and I love how they had a fusion of so many different foods, it was amazing. The waitress was really great and helpful with suggestions on usual favorites. Some I would try is the tempura green beans, the Gyoza, and the Bass scewer. If you are adventurous I would recommend the roll with mozzarella, it sounds weird but is Oh so Good!  The drinks were delicious too, I had the Samba Juice which tasted so unbelievable, If you are in Vegas this is a must!
A very good concept in terms of the fusion. A relaxing atmosphere and very good food.
Blend of Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese cuisines and they still get it right! The yellowtail seviche is amazing and the yamato roll with foie gras was to die for. This is a ridiculously awesome restaurant for those who are not afraid to try new fusions of ethnic foods...I mean, how often do you get to have sushi and seviche in the same meal?? If you are in Vegas and you do not go then you missed out on one of the main attractions!!
Chilean seabass skewers with miso - absolutely delicious!  The jumbo shrimp with passionfruit ceviche -- original and delightful.  My husband's favorite dish was the tuna tataki .  We came here because I had a taste for sushi and it was the highest ranked by Yelpers.  When we arrived, the bar atmosphere caused us to question the Yelp reviews but after eating we agree.  The sushi rolls aren't that great (we tried the Samba Strip and El Topt) but they weren't horrible.  The servers are familiar with the entire menu so if you don't have a specific taste for something, feel free to ask them for their suggestion. They'll have a ton.  Also, their drinks are good but lean away from being sweet.  I had to have them muddle more sugar and mint to flavor up my drink a little more because it just tasted like rum with a little mint when they first brought it out.  This is a tapas place so you can easily order 4 plates per person which can get pricey.  But highly recommend for their Chilean sea bass skewers.  I haven't had sea bass this good since G. Garvin's Restaurant in West Los Angeles closed a few years ago.  Outstanding.
Service was the only issue....food was so on! Must get gyoza and mango-taco dessert!!
I wish we could have ordered more food.  Their menu was extensive! 

We were only able to try their ceviche, one sushi roll, seared kobe and these taquitos.  They were all really good! Skip out on the lobster taquito though. That was everyone's least favorite.

Other than that, had a lovely time here.  Food was great.  Def. coming back to eat again.  This time, I want to try the sea bass, which I was eyeing last time I was here.
When you first walk into Sushi Samba you would think its just a regular restaurant, but having them take you to the back area of the restaurant changes from being crowded to having it set to an intimate, dim ambiance. The restroom is also dim. I like the presentation they had in the bathroom. Lotion, candies, napkins. What more can you ask for.

The service was good  overall.Our server was attentive throughout the entire meal and making suggestions on our selection of foods. Its a fusion mixed with Japanese, Brazillian, and i dont remember the other one. Sorry....

We had ordered this shoju drink when it came out everyone was surprise because all the shots was on a drink tree. Nice presentation!!

Food was good. First time eating Sashimi... 

Will i ever eat anything raw? Maybe.
Love this place. I forgot what dishes were popular but don't hesitate to ask your waiter or waitress what's their popular dish because EVERYTHING was good on the menu since I am a huge sushi fan and food. Super satisfied! :)
Overview: 

Good food, terrible service and incredibly overpriced even by Vegas standards.  This is one to avoid unless you're really desperate for expensive sushi and/or punitive omasake.

Food:

The food was good.  Sushi Samba offers a unique but odd blend of Japanese and Brazillian cooking.  The menu explains that there are Japanese people who live in Brazil but that doesn't explain how sushi and mashed purple potatoes go together.  

My wife and I wanted to order eel.  On the menu it said $6 for eel.   At most sushi places an order would be two pieces.  At SS an order is ONE piece.  I've eaten at some very high end sushi places, none would dare charge this much for eel.  The rest of the fish was similarly overpriced.  Rolls with four pieces were hitting $20, it was crazy.

That said, the eel was pretty good as was everything else I ate.  The oyster,  was good but cost the almost the same as the eel ($4 each).  My main course was a well cooked piece of chicken with an excellent purple mash.  I tried several other dishes and it was the only one I'd think of ordering again.

One veggie friend opted for the omasake and ended up leaving as hungry as he arrived.

Service:

The service was unbelievably bad on every single level.  Our server was nowhere to be found, we literally had to beg her to come back to our table and take our money.  The food came out at a pace unseen before.  Some items took over an hour to make.  Things like fish, which probably cooked for only five minutes.  Sushi took almost as long, even the simple to make stuff.  The waitress came by to explain that things would come out as they're ready because they have three kitchens.  Come to think of it, she said that to us at least six times.  Maybe they should have one kitchen that functions properly.

At this snails pace the waitress still managed to screw things up, ordering me the most expensive oysters when in fact I had ordered another kind.

All this pales in comparison to my friend who said he was a vegetarian and, at the pleading of the waitress, agreed to "trust her" and let her select things he'd eat.  He wasn't a vegan, but a vegetarian.  He ended up with a large plate of vegetables covered in teriaki sauce.  That was his dinner.  How pathetic. 

Atmosphere:

This place gave me a headache.  There were odd silent film strips running on the walls, insane colors all over the place and the typical loud Vegas roar in the background.  Of course there are few color palates I can stomach for that length of time.

Value:

This place was the worst value of any place I ate on my trip.  I spent $125 for two people and left feeling hungry.  High end sushi places rarely charge the prices this place charges and considering this was a step above "Rock n' Roll Sushi" they have no right to be charging these amounts for what are basic items.  

The friend who ended up with the plate of vegetables still had a $40 bill for himself.
First impression as you walk in -- who turned out the lights? The restaurant is very dark which seems to be a general theme in Vegas. But even for Vegas, this was club dark (and loud as well) and hardly appropriate for a restaurant in my opinion.

We let the server order for us -- we had a large group and trusted the server to make some of the better recommendations, cost no object. The ingredient quality seemed, overall, above average with the exception of what appeared to be farmed salmon. Farmed salmon is not preferred even when cooked, let alone as sushi. Other fish selections, fortunately, seemed better -- not exceptional, but better than average. But in an absolute sense, the fish quality and selection was definitely not on par with the outrageous pricing that seems so ubiquitous in the Palazzo.

Before I go on, I have to mention that service was impeccable.

The most disagreeable aspect of this dinner was that, even if high quality fish was being used, you couldn't tell given that it was all served fraken-sushi style. Everything was drowning in some sort of sauce and/or combined with other mismatched ingredient so that the finished product is something only frankenstein's monster would find palatable. Motainai -- what a waste of fresh fish -- this completely misses the point of sushi / sashimi.

The good: I didn't order any wine, but they seemed to have a large selection of sake -- from various 'appellations' and a good representation of amakuchi to karakuchi. Some well known, some more esoteric. But it seemed like a pretty good list, especially for the US, in a quick scan (again, in the dark).

I would venture back for sake sampling (assuming that they have a good selection by the glass, not just by the bottle). But I wouldn't go back for the franken-sushi. (you may ask why I went in the first place -- I was actually interested in Brazilian food for dinner; I misunderstood the theme of the restaurant as there were no Brazilian food offerings).
I am writing this review based on what I had. The Bobo brazil and the El topo roll was sooooooooo good! They are not huge so you can just pop one piece at a time and it's like heaven in your mouth. All the flavors and textures just worked so well together. I am not a big sushi eater but I would come back here the next time i'm in vegas. The miso sea bass was awesome also. I got drunk off of one strawberry mojito cause they made them so damn strong here
I received a gracious and professional response to my review from SushiSamba. I wanted to take a moment to clarify my review lest the masses get the wrong impression given the critical aspects of my opinions.

First and foremost, the quality of ingredients, the preparation and the service of the staff was impeccable. I'd like to repeat once more that the staff was excellent -- quick, anticipatory, professional and went out of their way to make our experience welcome and enjoyable.

They have an amazing list of sake and wine; one I'd like to investigate and sample from more deeply. And the bartender(s) know how to mix drinks -- great tasting, proper ratios and not too strong or weak, just great flavor.

That the sushi/sashimi was not to my preference should not be misunderstood as not enjoyable to others. The restaurant was still trying to seat a long waiting list well beyond generally accepted dinner hours (perhaps the late night supper club after seeing one of the many shows in Vegas?). The success of SushiSamba is obvious given the strong following and customer base. And I'd like to try their Brazilian offerings. But my preferences for sushi/sashimi, no matter the quality of ingredients, lie with a different style of preparation.
went here on a date. first impression, "where the heck are we going to sit and how am i going to hear what she is saying to me?!?!' 

visual: HUGE bar setting...

to my surprise the hostess walks us past the 'HUGE bar setting' and takes us to the back of the house which is a little more secluded and quite. 

for the most part we only ordered sushi and it was De-LiSH! the service on the other hand... that's where the 3 stars come in. 

definitely a good place to pre-bar and hang out with the homies. as far as a first date, maybe not?!?! 

despite the rating, i can't wait to go back and try the rest of what sushi samba has to offer.
Sushi was good but the service was pretty bad. The sushi prices seemed reasonable but then we realized it was the price per piece of sushi!
Since writing this review I've received two e-mails from Sushi Samba employees suggesting I return and that they are genuinely sorry that I had a bad experience and are sure it won't repeat.  

My question is:  Where was this level of service when I was eating there?

Like hell I'm going to spend another hundred something dollars for them to prove to me that they don't suck.
I really like this place! We were tired from walking around and shopping, and craved a light snack. A lot of things were really heavy, so we decided that sushi was a safe bet. Not knowing anything about that place, we went there sort of on a limb.

I went there on a quiet day at an unconventional time (prob around 3PM), so it wasn't bustling with people and loud chattering. There were probably at most about 5 other tables that were occupied with diners. It's dim-lit and all the interior designing seemed to fit a sort of cool, mellow, and dark color scheme. Very relaxing..

Our waitress was a very nice girl. She was knowledgeable, very attentive, and very sweet. She was working during the holidays, and if she hated every second of it...well, we really couldn't tell. I asked her for suggestions on rolls, and her suggestions were great.

Although their sushi rolls aren't exactly traditional, they were really unique. Flavorful, but light. Just what we were looking for! I got a nontraditional roll that was wrapped in a sort of pink-ish rice paper rather than seaweed, and I just felt so healthy and nice eating it. What a relief from eating something something so refreshing! One pleasant little perk was that when I asked for green tea, we had the option to have it iced or hot. Maybe I'm biased because I was tired from walking around all day, but man. That iced unsweetened green tea was so perfect.

As for the price, I reviewed the menu and realized that yes, it's a little expensive, but what else could you expect for Vegas? I guess it's motivation for you to go back out there and win your Avocado Rolls worth back!
This is definitely one of the best restaurants I've been to in Las Vegas.  The decor is amazing, the atmosphere is fun and exciting, the service is impeccable and the food is fabulous.  After seeing a show in the Venetian, we were looking for something light to eat - nothing heavy.  Sushi Samba filled the bill perfectly.   The items that our very knowledgeable and extremely attentive server selected for us were amazing - some cooked, some raw, some were rolls, some were not.  I have to say, honestly, that we loved absolutely everything we ate.  The idea of everything being brought out and shared between us was unique and really fun.  We got to try so many delicious dishes by sharing small plates.  The drinks were spectacular as well.  And to top it off, one of the managers came by our table and asked us if we were having a good time, how the meal was, and told us to let him know if we needed anything because it was his job to make sure our visit to Sushi Samba was an incredible experience.  All I can say is that it was more than an incredible experience - it was the best.  We can't wait to go back when we return to Las Vegas.
Meh. I came here for a bachelorette party dinner with a group of 7 girls. I liked my dish alot (sea bass) but wasn't really feeling any one else's dish. The pork belly skewer was good too but everything else was very forgettable. Nothing bad, but nothing outstanding. It's a fun place to go with your friends and the prices aren't as steep as some of the other "nice" Vegas restaurants. Service was great too because they brought out free dessert for the bachelorette without us asking.
A bit expensive since in the hotel but the bar staff rock and the sushi is not bad.
We were staying in the Palazzo and really wanted sushi so we came here.

Definitely get the family style recommendation option. 

Basically, you tell your server what you like (like yellow tail, tuna, avocado, pork, miso, etc.) and a budget, and they bring out family style dishes within your budget that they think are matched with your favorite ingredients.

This was amazing - we wouldn't have ordered many of the things they gave us.

Definitely ask for some sushi, and definitely ask for miso-braised sea bass - this was the best item we had!!!!!

Otherwise, just let the kitchen do the work for you. The surprise element is great too. If you don't like a dish, the kitchen takes it back with full responsibility too, which is great.

There's two areas to sit in, the front area near the entrance and the "sugar cane" room in the back. We got sat in the latter, and it was much cooler than the front. Quieter, a little darker, and more "exclusive" seeming than the front.
Sashimi sounded good for a late dinner so I decided to give Sushi Samba a try. 

I chose to sit at the sushi bar which there were only a couple of people. 
The sushi bar layout is unusual due to that the chefs are stationed above the sushi bar and you don't interact with them. 

The friendly waitress introduced herself and took my order. I went with the Sashami comb - see it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=Z2C_rr-A-LC9I6dcDmXUKA 

The sashimi was decorated beautifully on the bed of ice, was really tasty and fresh. There was several large parties going on and it was some body's B day - they were really sauced and kept singing happy birthday. Other then that annoyance I enjoyed how the restaurant was decorated. 

I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some of their fusion dishes.
Was in vegas for the super bowl and made reservation at Sushi Samba Saturday night.  The menu looked interesting and I love sushi.  The decor is pretty cool, and as other people have posted it is loud, but that didn't bother me.  Our waitress was asian and very hard to understand.  Is it too much to ask that I understand our server?  We asked for help on the menu, but she was useless.  We ordered some sushi and grilled beef.  The sushi was totally average which was a major disappointment.  They messed up our order and brought us grilled chicken.  Took forever to get our beef.  The drinks were good, but again took forever.  It wasn't even that busy.  Couldn't wait to get out of there....
Whenever I go to Vegas, I always go to SushiSamba. The fusion is amazing, mixing sushi and Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine, and I would recommend the dish called El Topo...FABULOUS. 

The best part is that if you do not like a dish, they will take it back and bring you something else you request, at no charge. 

The music and atmosphere are lively, fantastic, and perfect before beginning a night on the town
The waiter recommended the tuna with foie gras and gold. I was intrigued and wanted to try this recommendation...The different rolls all come from different themed kitchens. 

Tuna, foie gras, and gold was definitely a fusion. But - he was right, delectable. Happy me on a post-party Sunday lunch before flying out of Vegas...
My husband and I made a reservation here on 2/10/11 for his birthday. Our reservation was for 6:45pm. When we arrived the restaurant  was maybe 40% full. We were seated at a small 2 person table, RIGHT next to another couple. There was maybe 4 inches of space between the tables. The hostess had to pull the table out so a person could sit on the bench side!!! The couple next to use was less than thrilled at 1) we were seated so close in a nearly empty restaurant  and 2) that thier food had taken way to long to come out. We got up and left. Totally unimpressed, will not try this place again, and will not encourage anyone else to eat there.
I had heard about Sushi Samba for a while and finally got a chance to try it.  It was definitely worth the try for it's unique blend of South American and Japanese flavors.  The meats (Kobe) and grilled fish (sea bass) are spot on.  The unique spices and flavors are really good.  Most of all, the rolls and sashimi (Otoro... drooolllll) were spot on, very fresh and very flavorful.
The wait was long, the drinks were cold, and the food delicious. The rolls were creative with a definite fusion of the two cultures represented. The three meat platter was also fantastic with superbly cooked offerings.
I was a little apprehensive about this particular twist on sushi - which was silly because the food was really good.  The wait staff was attentive and helpful with the menu too.  I sat at the sushi bar and was comfortable.  However, the way the bar is constructed, you are unable to view the chefs making the meal, which is a big part of the fun.  Anyway, after dinner a gentleman walked out of the kitchen with a tray of warm cookies and offered them up.  Very cool touch!
A lot of experience was dampened by the service.  We had a reservation and were seated relatively quickly, but it was a fair bit before our waiter showed.  Then a longer wait for menus, a very long wait for drinks, etc. etc.  This was earlier in the evening & the restaurant wasn't busy.  We overhead several tables making the same comment.  

We were excited by the concept fo the food, but found it somewhat lacking and _way_ overpriced.  The drinks are good, but I'd skip this place in favor of some of the better choices nearby.
Most disappointing sushi, EVER. The sushi is priced per slice. And when it arrived, we were immediately saddened by the diminutive size. Even the rice was poorly apportioned. I would guess that the rive was maybe a teaspoon, if that. And the thinly sliced hamachi, sake, and unagi was not much bigger, literally, than a piece of gum. Way overpriced and undersized. The unagi was cold, not freshly cooked, more akin to something under a heat lamp. And sitting at the sushi bar itself was no joy. One orders from the waiter, not directly from the sushi chef.

Other Palozo/Venetian high-priced restraunts give you service & food worth the costs, not Sushi Samba. Save you money, go somewhere else.
I had a sample of the tuna, yellowtail, and salmon in a different sauce and I must say it's quite amazing.  As I enjoy every bite of the fish I tried to dissect the sauce that was delicately woven into the fish; which was rather refreshing.  The sea bass miso is also a must try; it's paired with a Brazilian corn that was the sized of a penny so big and tasty.  If you like sashimi order the sashimi platter it's a better deal than ordering by the piece. 

The decor is modern and very energetic.  A little of pizazz and lust.  I always adore coming here.
SushiSamba...... where do we start????   Ok, lets start with the first thing that was delivered... its my neverfail when I go for sushi....  Spicy Tuna Roll....   even if the tuna isnt the highest of quality somewhere, the spicy tuna roll isnt half bad because of the spicy mayo.....   ok...   Sushi Samba Version is HANDS DOWN THE ABSOLUTE BEST SPICY TUNA ROLL I HAVE EVER HAD..   woah, time to calm down about it....  The sushi roll literally melted in my mouth, the tuna was uber fresh, the spicy mayo was applied in moderation let his presence be known....   this thing was absolute perfection....  Everything else we ordered was great, not to the perfection level of the spicy tuna roll, but it was still GREAT.  Wayyyyy better than good.  Had some yellowtail roll, oh yeah a $36 Kobe Beef sashimi roll with some deliciousness baked into it, JUMBO Shrimp - straight from the ocean fresh...   Some Japanese beer, some of this some of that, an hour later and $200 tab we emerged with smiles from ear to ear....   I had always heard good things about the place, but until I experienced it for myself, could never truly know how great it actually is.  I will be going back shortly, even if its only to order the spicy tuna roll...   I would trust that everything they have there would be to the quality in which i encountered in my meal.... Fear Not Yelpers... this place will treat you right....
My boyfriend and I were in Vegas and happened to eat at Sushi Samba.  We ordered 3 different sushi rolls (forgot which ones, but we got one of the special rolls for sure).

I'd go back to this place, a bit pricey but it's really good!
Rock shrimp appetizer is amazing. Best sushi I've eaten to date.
Expensive. But what isn't in this town? 

If you are looking for a cheap sushi fix- you probably would be better off going to a sushi joint off the Strip and in one of the nearby neighborhoods. There you won't be paying for the flashy bartenders, security guys mumbling into their little mouthpieces or the slew of hostesses that guide you through the hip ambiance to your table. 

But if it's ambiance you're after with a little sushi thrown in for good measure? Check out Sushi Samba. The throbbing pulse of the music, the dim lighting, and the modern seating all add up to one "happening " place. 

Located in the Palazzo hotel, Sushi Samba is a "sushi fusion" restaurant so know before you go that you can find Brazilian and Peruvian food as well on the menu. I was looking for a casual, low key night out and by sitting at the bar I got it as I was able to watch the parade of "pretty people" go in and out of this place in their "club wear" as I sipped my drink and ate my sushi. 

The sushi was good although nothing really stood out for me. They also had 3 kinds of raw oysters on the menu which, at $4 each add up quickly so be sure to do the math before you order a couple of dozen! 

Service was good. The bartender kept an eye on me and my food came up quickly and efficiently. 

The price for 2 drinks ($13 each) 2 rolls, 4 oysters and a piece of sashimi? $75. Like I said . . . pricey but good. 

So if it's a evening out that you want, with a little sushi on the side- Sushi Samba is your place. But know that you are paying for the atmosphere, the service, and the convenience of being only steps away from those slot machines that beckon with every ding!
Located in the upstair area of the Palazzo... Ate here a few months back. I LOVE Kobe beef, so I got their Kobe beef Tobayaki... and it just wasn't for me... BUT their varieties of sashimi and samba rolls with the Brazilian and Peruvian flavored sauces were really good! Next time I eat here, I will just focus on that... and not be a loser and blow $80-$100 on a dish that I didn't like that much.  o_O 

Talk about losing money in Vegas...
Okay . . . Sushi Samba came up another star in my book all due to bartender extraordinaire- JEN! 

On another visit here- Jen took such great care of me- suggesting her favorite items on the menu, making sure my glass was never empty and most importantly- recognizing me from my last visit (how do bartenders do that?), that I just had to move this review up a notch. 

The food was still good (kumomoto oysters tonight- delicious!), the drinks, well poured- but the friendliness and spirit of one bartender named Jen made all the difference in this visit. Must be that she moved out here from Illinois!

Thanks Jen! See you on my next trip to Sin City!
the atmosphere is cool: like what i imagine some urban japanese hot spot to be, haha. check out the mural on the wall--it'll keep you talking all night! they also had some video projector playing some cool clips on the wall. i loved it and the booths were big and round.

i went here saturday night. at some point they brought out some dancing girls in skimpy outfits. i felt it was a tad out of place and noisy, but somewhat entertaining.

i ordered the nina fresa, this delicious vodka cocktail with muddled strawberries. yum.

our party ordered a lot of things. the sea bass skewers were to die for--definitely order some. i also enjoyed the jalapeno yellowtail. it was served with these large brazilian(?) corn kernels. the sashimi was good, too! those were the only dishes i remember. oh, the neo-tokyo roll was super plain and required salty soy sauce to give it any taste. everything was good though, not amaziiiiing.

it's def a schlep to get here from the entrance of the palazzo, but worth it! i had a blast, but wouldn't have enjoyed it if i had to pay (but that's everywhere in vegas, no?).
My girlfriend went to Sushi Samba recently during a Vegas getaway. Even though the place wasn't crowded, the hostess insisted on sitting as at a table rather than a booth. I looked around and other diners were sitting at other booths, includkng parties of two llike us. However our hostess told us the booths were "reserved for dinner",  even though the place was nearly empty. We decided to leave and find something elsewhere. We were lucky to find "Noodle Asia" at the Venetian, where the customer service is MUCH better than Sushi Samba.
I am a fan of the food! Everything I ordered was excellent especially the 3 meat platter. 

What I was not a fan of was how close the tables were to the other tables. I could seriously reach my chopsticks over to the next table and grab one of the sushi rolls if I wanted to. It was very annoying to be sitting that close to other tables and try to have your own conversation but be distracted with the next tables conversation. It made me eat my food quickly so I could get out of there fast! The food is really good tho, dont get me wrong. The atmosphere is so so. 

I would suggest for anyone to request a booth instead of table. You'll have a much more enjoyable dinner if you do.
The atmosphere is rad and the food is delicious. Some of the rolls seem a bit over priced but it is Las Vegas so that is to be expected. A friend and I shared a variety of rolls and all of them were delicious. 

I thought the tables were a little too close together. I felt like I was dining as much with the people next to us as I was my friend. I thought i might have to stab someone with a chopstick for eying my sushi! Great selection of sake. If you're willing to pay the extra money to eat here I generally think it is worth it.
To his credit, the General Manager of SushiSamba, Michael e-mailed me to discuss the specifics of our experience. We chatted on the phone and he apologized for the hostess who was determined to sit my wife and I at a small table. Kudos to Michael.
This was a great sushi place that has a little something for everybody. The sashimi was fresh, the kobe beef was amazing ( i loved the kobe beef roll) the happy hour had real good deals. Overall this is a place Ill come back to next time Im in Vegas. A little pricey but this aint your local Dennys so stop complaining about the price of the food, your in Vegas at the Palazzo.
Sushi Samba is pretty tucked away in the Palazzo, the atmosphere is OK, service and bartenders were friendly and nice at the bar, and the food is pretty decent too.  It's also great that they have a happy hour menu from 4-7 Sun-Fri, BUT... my only gripe is that it's not really a happy hour menu if you discount items and then serve them 1/2 size, which is what I expect was happening since our portions were teeny tiny, the drinks were served in small glasses and then I saw the normal pint-size glasses that the same drinks were being made in to take to the tables. The mojitos were BOMB though. 

That said... the food was actually pretty good. We had the salt and pepper squid (yummy!), spicy tuna roll (small, and could've been spicier, but still good), chicken skewers, some others, and I also tried the Japan Relief Roll (all the money goes to Japan relief ppl, order it!) which was also really tasty - combo of spicy tuna, eel, wrapped in a soy paper wrap. 

It wasn't a bad way to spend $80 (ESP in vegas) but again, if you're going to advertise specials for happy hour, they should ACTUALLY be specials, not just 1/2 the plate for 1/2 the price. Nothing special 'bout that.
Wanted to love this place, but ended up very disappointed.   Food was overpriced and not very good and the service was bad.  Waitress seemed rushed and not very attentive.  My cocktail and the lady serving water and taking away our empty plates was the only reason this place got 2 stars.  She was awesome and sweet and the drink was very good.  OH, and did I mention that we found a hard dried booger in my husbands napkin.  SOOOO gross, and ruined my appetite.
Bottom line...would probably meet the girls for drinks here, but not for food.
This place continues to impress!  This time while i was there I ran into a fellow Elite member which was both shocking and awesome!   I got the spicy tuna roll again and my friend ordered the Neo Tokyo roll....  Based on my previous review you know that I am a HUGE fan of the spicy tuna roll, and now you will know how much I loved the Neo Tokyo Roll... This has yellowfin tuna, tempura flake and aji panca and it is just purely fantastic.  There was so much going on with this roll that it hit you in layers.  With each one, I found something else that I liked even more about it.  If you are going here, these two rolls should be your top two.
YUM!  Everything we had was good.  There were a few confusions in our ordering b/c it was so loud.  Go with an empty stomach and an open mind.
OMG, is it possible to be this good?  3 times there now and 3 times I have been equally impressed.  One thing that has been a constant on all 3 visits has been the great service I received.  Our waiters always their menu's and made fantatsic recommendations.  This time I had the tempura greenbeans with a truffle oil dipping sauce (Delicous!), Berkshire Pork Gyoza and Rock Shrimp Tempura (at the recommend of our server)  Everything was well prepared and efficiently served.  Sushi Samba is now a place that I can truly call home for great Sushi.  As you can tell by my reviews, its safe to say that I am a fan.
My first Sushi Samba experience was in Miami, and I have been in love ever since. Fusion cuisine...hmmm, how about just delish cuisine??!!

My all time fav menu items are:

Sashimi tiradito - yellowtail, salmon: everything is so delicate
Samba rolls - neo tokyo, bobo brazil, el topo, and rainbow dragon.  The rolls are not huge, actually prefer smaller rolls, difficult to fit everything into your mouth in one bite if the roll is 2 inches thick.
Hot dish wise, try the Moqueca Mista, its to die for!  I always finish off my meals with this dish, never mind desserts!  Also, try this with a cocktail, I recommend the Caipirinha, my mouth is watering writing this review!
HELLS TO THE NOooooo!!!!!!!!!  This place does not even deserve my rating but I must warn the yahoo's out there that think it might be okay since it is in the Palazzo.  

Group of six...all sushi enthusiasts from California...ready to throw down a great meal after a great show (BTW Blue Man Group Rocks!) 

The worst service EVAH! Why have three different kitchens if your servers cannot keep up with ONE!?  Ordered Sparkling saki Moon Rabbit...got Star Rabbit instead...mmmm...ok...BUT to have the nerve to treat me as if I didn't know which saki I ordered?! SHAME.  

Then we look at the menu...
Seriously? $6 for ONE piece of sushi? WOW!  I know I can get grade A sushi without the price elsewhere so I opted for a quasi-meal and ordered the Lobster for $25...knowing it was gonna be small, I figured I would try and get somewhat of a meal since my sushi bill alone would've been OFF the charts.  I was told it was the shell with three small pieces of lobster on top.  WRONG! I about fell over and died when I realized, after digging through the smelt eggs with my chopsticks, that there was NO meat!  NO LOBSTER MEAT whatsoever!!!  I went in again and picked up what I thought was meat and it was a piece of shell.  HOLY SHIT...they just served me lobster tail without meat...NO LIE.

I sent it back and refused to order anything else since the rest of my party was almost done with their meal.  I was annoyed, hungry, and our check took a fucking century because our server knew she was getting her 20% no matter how shitty our experience.  

BEWARE! This place is a sham and a sorry excuse for servicing people that are willing and ready to spend good money for a good meal.  I HATE the strip for that very reason.
If you're in the mood to drop about $500.00 for dinner for three, this is a great place to do it.  The highlights are cooking thin slices of Kobe Beef on a blazing hot rock, Sea Bass skewers, and the tempura Rock Shrimp.  Food and service is impeccable, albeit expensive.
Excellent happy hour specials!!!
this would 100% be a 5 star review if it weren't for the pushy obnoxious waiter :(

We made it clear we just wanted a few rolls and apps...he continued to push us to have a full on meal and order super fancy expensive drinks... ALL WE WANTED WAS A FEW SUSHI ROLLS AND APPS....after about the 3rd time i said " we really just want a few rolls" he rolled his eyes in complete annoyance and snatched up the menus and walked away..EWWW..

The Sushi was delish as always...but the service really ruined it for us!!!
Maybe it's because I've enjoyed many a meal at the Sushi Samba locations in NYC, and maybe because I was a little hungover from the previous nights festivities, but I was not overly wowed by lunch here with two of my lady loves with whom I was vacationing. 

One thing that is always a priority on vacation is food. It has to be, this is a break from the mundane life I leave behind, so why do I want to eat my standard weekly fare of life in the working world? I love sushi and because of it's nutritious nature figured this would be a great way to replenish all things lost to bottomless cocktails and greasy late night foods. I didn't partake in the consumption of any libations at lunch, but did hear that the mojito was pretty stellar.

I ordered the trio seaweed salad that came beautifully presented on a three trayed dish of hijiki, wakame, and my favorite aka-tosaka. Each were lightly dressed with lemon and sidelined with some tomato caviar. Not terrible for a $11, but not overly substantial either. For lunch I ordered yellowtail jalapeno which was ok if not a little heavy on the jalapeno, and a spicy tuna that was all sorts of bland. I think I would have been happier enjoying these as a happy hour because it seems that the prices are a little easier to swallow for the quality of the food. I didn't order anything complex, and maybe they just let the "easy" stuff slide, but I wasn't terribly enthused enough to want to go back and give it a second shot to see just how good the rest of the menu is according to the higher ratings given.
If your large party is looking for a restaurant where you walk in hungry and leave just as hungry and unsatisfied while you were just taken for a crazy price...BY ALL MEANS - this Sushi/ Brazilian restaurant is for you! 

So their "concept" for a group of 8 guests....a waitress brings ONE menu for EVERYONE at the table. (Apparently there is a ration on menus at this restaurant). She happily tells you that you give her an "idea" of what you like and then SHE will decide what to bring to your table based off of what you tell her - the prices for this "family" style of ordering started at $50 per person and went up from there - NOT INCLUDING ALCOHOL OR DESSERT. WTH??? Oh, but you don't have to pay for something if you don't like it......supposably. 

As she brings these TINY portions out to our table for us to fight over, we soon realize that no one is really getting what they wanted and no one is satisfied with what she is serving us. Some liked certain items, but honestly, the bowls of white rice was the most filling thing we ate. Even the black beans were terribly under seasoned - how can anyone screw up black beans?? 

Remember the "if you don't like what she brings out, you don't need to pay for it" rule? Well, the minute you complain about not liking something, the waitress gives attitude and acts frustrated at your lack of ability to communicate what you want her to bring you.... when most of the table did not get a chance to even see the menu in the first place. 

After a meal that felt like we just ate at an Ethiopian Restaurant and still hungry, we chanced ordering a "large plate" dessert and some other people at our table ordered a "small plate" dessert. When the desserts come, our dessert was a VERY SMALL piece of cake on a VERY LARGE SAUCER PLATE.....and the our friends who ordered the small dessert was larger than our dessert, but on a SMALL PLATE....SO they didn't technically lie about the size of the plates, but lets just say they really need to rethink their menu and overall concept. 

Ultimately, we left the restaurant $75 each lighter in our wallets -( as the tip was already added for the crappy service we did get.)  and feeling like we should have all gotten a jar or lube on our way in as we all felt assaulted at the end of our meal.

If I could have given a lower score, I would have! SUSHI SAMBA is a huge ripoff with crappy service and an even crappier concept. The one positive is the interior design of the restaurant was creative, which is the only thing positive I can say about ti, sadly.
The stars are for food quality and lush atmosphere, but that's generous.  The portions are small and, like everything else in Vegas, at least three times the price you'd pay back home.  
The waitress was a nightmare.  I've met used car salesmen who are less pushy.  She raved about the chef's special menu, which was $50 per person.  When we blanched at the price, she hinted that *maybe* she could "work with us" on a "tasting" menu at $30 per person.  For $30 I want more than a frickin "taste", I was an awesome meal that will fill me up.  We had to ask her three times, point-blank, if we could see a menu and order just from the menu.  She grudgingly brought ONE menu for the two vegetarians (of a bachelorette party of 12).  I had to ask the busboy for menus for the rest of us.  
When we ordered from the menu, she gave us a dire warning that the food came from 3 different kitchens and wouldn't arrive all at the same time.  She gave one last push for the tasting menu.  I would have walked out and complained to the manager if I hadn't been in a large party.  
I ended up paying $15 for edamame and rice.  It tasted good, and all the other dishes looked great - but definitely not worth the hassle and abuse. 
SushiSamba seriously needs to retrain their staff.  Focus on improving the customer's experience, not on cramming your own agenda down their throats.
UPDATE:  The General Manager contacted me to apologize, and has promised to discipline/retrain the servers who have been the cause of the numerous bad reviews on Yelp.  Even with improved service, I still wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone seeking to fill their bellies or get good value for their money.  If you're all about atmosphere and haute cuisine, then samba on down.
Sushi Samba is my absolute favorite place for happy hour while in Vegas!

Three words to describe this place: chic, sexy, sushi. From their delicious and creative sushi rolls to their amazing drinks, I always enjoy myself here...and no matter what part of the strip I am at, I make sure I get to the Palazzo and get my Sushi Samba fix.

My favorites here are the Berkshire Pork Belly with butterscotch miso, a Caipirinha, and the eel and avocado rolls.

The service has always been great and the bartenders are friendly and informative. I love the concept of Latin and Asian cuisines colliding (i.e. Chifa in Philly) and I think they execute it perfectly.

After a long, hot day at the pool parties, Sushi Samba is my go-to spot.
We came in for a bachelorette dinner and we were a group of 15. Our server, Max, was fantastic!  He got a feel for what we liked and suggested we do a "prix fixe" style dinner. Great idea! For $50 a person, we got some of everything. EVERYTHING was good.  I was so full, I couldn't even have any of the food that came toward the end.  The manager even gave us a "tree" of drinks on the house to help us celebrate! Definitely taking my husband here next!

UPDATE 7/10/12

This experience was a little lack luster compared to my first.  I did end up taking my husband here as previously mentioned.  I entrusted our menu choices to our server.  Not as impressed. Maybe I just didn't care for her choices as much as I did the first time with Max.  She ordered us these grilled chilies with lime, and they were just okay for me.  Little disappointed though, as I mentioned to her how much I liked the black truffle green beans and didn't get any.  I did tell her I didn't mind raw things, but I should've stopped right there because thats pretty much all we got after that.  The best things were the pot stickers with pumpkin puree and a couple of the sushi rolls.  Also, Peruvian corn was delicious! Next time, I'm gonna order myself so I know I'll like everything.
After writing my review on Sushi Samba, I got an email from the GM of the restaurant expressing his concern with my experience. It was very nice of him to take the time to contact me regarding my dining experience. I am a satisfied customer and will return to Sushi Samba in the near future.
I can depend on quality sashimi at Sushi Samba and yes you'll get the hip ambiance of Las Vegas with all the beautiful people working here and oh I forgot, the service is spot on. 

My order the sashimi combo and the Neo Tokyo Roll. The roll was made with blue fin tuna and was delish, check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=WL4jo9fuQ5hwiDBCfj-DQQ 
Sashimi soo yummy and buttery tasting - served on a platter of ice. 

Sushi Samba I love ya, I'll be back to check out your happy hour.
Are you serious?!
This restaurant is so ugly. There is absolutely no ambiance.
The food is average. The prices are high. 
I just don't get it....def a mistake was made coming here.
I loved the dining experience here.  I came here with a group of 14 girls for a bachelorette celebration dinner a couple of weekends ago and we all loved the food, the customer service, and special treatment!

The waiter offered a 3 course menu for $50/ person.  When the first 4 dishes came out, we were already full, but didn't realize that it was only the first course that came out.  It was amazing the amount of food we got and how good everything was for the price we paid for it.  

We got the edamame, green been tempura with truffle sauce, some kind of a fried shrimp appetizer, hamachi tacos, squid, a platter of meats, a platter of sushi and sashimi, and we were even given complimentary shots presented aesthetically to the bride to be!  

Great experience.  I have yet to try this place when dining for smaller groups of 2-4 people, but after this experience, I will definitely be back!  I'm hoping they offer the same $50/person type deal with a smaller group.
This place was amazingly delicious. Everything we got was creative and an absolute pallet pleaser.
Sushi with mozzarella and salmon, sounds odd but you'll regret not getting it. I wish I could remember all the dishes we tasted, everything was spectacular. We even got a fancy chocolate dessert with white chocolate, dark chocolate and GOLD! It was heavenly.
I like that they'll recommend food for you based on your budget and taste. That being said, the prices are pretty high for the amount of food you get, which is why I gave 4 stars. 3 of us ate for $130. But hey, its Vegas. Go big or go home.
Came here to grab dinner on a random day.  No special occasion.  My friend and I found the service average, the decor strange/ugly, and the food interesting/questionable.  It's supposed to be a Japanese/Brazilian fusion place.  I can see this place being a real pleaser for people who are not familiar with authentic Japanese or Brazilian food.  Being Japanese with a sister-in-law from Brazil, I found myself qualified to test the food out.  I think the only dish I got that I found myself satisfied with was the edamame....but it's pretty much impossible to mess edamame up.  My 7 year old niece can make it blindfolded.  

I recognized that things might be bad from the start with the seaweed salad.  Wow was it awful.  Nice presentation but no flavor!!  It was so watered down that I couldn't even taste the seaweed itself.  I might as well have eaten gelatin with no flavoring.  It was THAT bad. 

I also got the red miso.  It was mixed with truffle oil and mushrooms.  I did not find the truffle oil mixed with the miso soup appetizing at all....the flavors just did not mesh for me.  

The sushi was a bit too fusion for me....I found the flavors to not really complement each other.  I did order regular tuna sashimi just to get something with no fusion and more Japanese authenticity....the tuna quality was excellent but WOAH overpriced!  $4.50 for ONE piece of sashimi.  It was good but not THAT good.  The ramen was ok...nothing to talk about later.  

As you can tell, we were not impressed.  We ordered an array of things expecting for something to blow us away, but we were disappointed.  $80 later, we headed home and looked for something on the way to satisfy our appetites.
We scheduled the Sushi and Sake tour.  It was $100 a person but COMPLETELY WORTH IT!!!!  You learned and tasted multiple Sakes and you learned how to make sushi roles.   The hosts were terrific.  The food was AMAZING!!!   In addition to the sushi and Sake, we were treated to appetizers and desert.   I love sushi and this experience and quality of food was at the top of the places I've been to.   100% recommend it!
The food was decently tasty even for a vegetarian like myself, and the decor was interesting to say the least. So why the 2 star you ask? 
Well our server of course, our happy-go-lucky, let me explain to you what we have grandeur of a waitress. 

I can understand if you hate your job and probably been dealing with rude customers all day. I get it. It sucks serving big group of pretty girls .....but, geeze give us a chance! 
I asked her what she would recommend as a vegetarian option- she responded "look at the menu, i don't know" 
It felt like we were almost catering to this women. 
"Should we even bother asking for our waters to be filled?" Goodness, Rude!
Being that I came here two years ago, I could only hope this lady had found a job that is better suited for her..perhaps a bounty hunter or a bird watcher..

The only reason there is more than one star is because I respect artistic food decor, and all the food served was a head turner for me!
I wasn't planning on going to Sushisamba while in Vegas, as we have a few in NYC and I never even bothered going to either of them. But we were wandering around the Venetian/Palazzo and we decided to go for it. What a pleasant suprise...everything was outstanding. There is nothing more fun than ordering a bunch of small plates and trying different things...which is why I love places like this and Julian Serrano...different cuisine...same concept. The aja sauce they give you for the lobster tacquitos is SLAM BANG delicious, the seared kobe small plate was A-ONE, everything else was great also...shrimp tempura, salt and pepper squid, oysters, foie/kobe roll with caviar and gold leaf was actually the weakest dish...I got it just because of the novelty aspect really.
If you've been to Miyagis on Sunset strip in Hollywood, it's like that but Vegas style. Sushi was decent - had better, had worse. Sake menu was pretty large. Really, it's an nightclub with a decent sushi menu for a nightclub. I'd go back with that in mind.
These 5 stars goes to the lady who was so damn good at her job by fulfilling every aspect of our dining experience that the food was more like a plus. I wish I got her name to credit her but we were a party of 8 girls staggering in late in high heels for our dear friend's bachelorette reserved dinner on a Saturday night a week ago.
We got the run down quickly on doing their style of "omakase" after mentioning we had a show and had to finish by 9pm. We gave her free rein with a price per person between $30 to $40.
Now, I was the only one who had been here before for the same concept so I was expecting the same good service and food. So I discreetly asked the lady server to make sure to add the Miso Sea Bass skewers. She happily replied, "I gotchu girl!" 
We were then offered the extensive sake and wine menu, which we had to forgo. And one of the girls almost ordered the cucumber martini but didn't.  
After the time it took for a buzzed dude to walk over, show us his awesome swim trunks, (clearly forgetting to dress his bottoms to match his sharp shirt), wink and share a charming smile, and then leave...our appetizers were presented by a team of 3 servers.
- Otsumami: trio of edamame, tempura green beans with amazing truffle dip, grilled shishito pepper :)
- Pork Gyozas (ok)
- Rock Shrimp Tempura (wasn't as succulent or saucy but still good)

Our waters were always filled. Thank you water guy!

Then after enjoying our appz for about 20 mins, came out the yummiful skewers, 3 specialty rolls of sushi (could have asked for the El Topo roll but decided try the others) and an entree split by 2 plates to share. It was the teriyaki chicken with fried onions atop mashed purple potatoes. This is so yum because the chicken was juicy and flavorful!

We were having our fill and we were on schedule. Then the lady server got us a surprise sake tree of their cucumber martini! Also very refreshing and yum to end our meal.  We had to pack a bit of to-go and we were happy with the service. She lined our meal down the middle of our price range to about $36/person (plus tax+tip $45).
So exceeded my last experience here!  I recommend the omakase style because the servers really do know the menu. Trust!
I wouldn't say the food here is particularly authentic of Japanese, Brazilian, or Peruvian, but it's satisfying.  The raw fish is of high quality! And the most exciting thing is that they sell a giant yellowfin collar for super cheap.  My mother believes this happens because non-Asians tend not to eat it, but Asians love it. This is probably why my father who once detested it's clubby and loud environment is now willing to venture there all the time.  For the yellowfin collar.  Squeeze some lemon or lime on that and it's good.

Otherwise the ramen doesn't taste like ramen, but like good noodle soup, and the gyoza is tempting but not actually better than the O'Tasty frozen variety.  On the whole though, it's quite good, and a very fun place for dinner.  The drinks are good and strong, very strong, so be prepared.
A Japanese Brazilian Fusion Restaurant

This is a good place to show off to a date or people from another country, but other than that, it just becomes another fancy restaurant in Las Vegas. The service is excellent, but the I think the concept of this restaurant doesn't really attract me. There was nothing really special, it just seemed like a Brazilian BBQ restaurant with sushi.

The meats are really good, we had the 5 meat Churrasco ($46) and some Kobe beef sashmi ($12 per piece!). The Kobe beef sashmi is grilled on a cooking rock.

The selection of oysters was not that many, but the ones that did carry : Malpeque and Blue Point ($3-$4) were decent.

Overall Sushi Samba is an very okay restaurant. It is quite expensive, although very exquisite. I can now say I have been here, but there are other places to try.
Alright i must say this place was def. awesome! Kind of pricey but well worth it for those special occasion kind of nights. The food was soooooo delicious! The waiters are there to explain everything for you and how there menus work. Its a bit different then your average restaurant. We had so many different platters i dont know where to start. The sushi was just super tasty along with the way they prepare there steaks, pork, etc etc etc....The sauces they give with each dish also has so much flavor! If your looking to spend the $$$ on some really good food with alot of flavor this is 1 of the places to do it! The restaurant itself is fairly loud so when having a conversation your going to have to speak up a bit in order to hear each other, that was the only thing but its vegas its like that. Service was super fast and i really have no complaints about this place. Good job sushi samba!
This place gets expensive, and seemed really packed.  Sat at the sushi bar and had a wonderful although inconsistent server.  She apologized a lot for the long waits.  Food was delicious, and you won't find a "Japanese, Peruvian, Brazilian" fusion restaurant most other places.  The rolls were good, the nigiri overpriced and not as beautiful as you'll find in other places specializing in sushi.  The meat kabobs and the edamame were deliciousness in a dish.  Recommended!
Even though it is on the pricier side, it was worth it. My soul was happy with me after I ate here. In fact, my soul asked me to eat twice here. I happily obliged. The first time we were only there for a quick snack and a drink, but the second time we actually ate a meal there, so I'll review the second time. 

I should give one caveat: I'm not particularly familiar with authentic Brazilian or Japanese food. That said, I found this fusion restaurant both intriguing and completely intoxicating. 

The waitress we had the first time was good, but I really remember our second waiter, Max. He was very attentive and gave fantastic recommendations, but wasn't pushy about it. Most importantly, you can tell he's actually EXCITED about the food. It made a huge difference, because seeing someone so excited to tell you about the ingredients, how the food is prepared, and what flavors are going on together really adds to a wonderful food experience, in my opinion. The waiter ended up recommending a $60 per person meal, a tasting menu of sorts. It sounds like a lot, but given the prices, it was really very fair considering the amount of food we got. As such, I'm not going to talk about every little thing, but more the highlights. 

The Peruvian Corn was addicting. It was a little closer to the hominy side of the corn spectrum, but it was buttery and had just a bit of texture. If it doesn't come as a side, I absolutely recommend trying it as a separate side dish. It DOES come as a side to the sea bass skewers, which I think were my single most favorite thing I tried there. It was buttery and delicious, and so flavorful in little bites. I wish I could describe it better than just "flavorful," but I'm not even sure how to describe how delicious it was. I'll just say that while I was eating it, I hoped it would never stop (so inappropriate but I can't help it: that's what she said). 

Hamachi tacos and a plate of various sashimi were incredible. I liked the sashimi just a little more because the bold flavors of the sauces surprisingly married well with the fish flavor, without overpowering it. 

The most surprising part of the night: there was a sushi roll that included melted mozzerella. Yes. Mozzerella and salmon. I was SO skeptical of this one, and it took me a few tries to get used to it, but once I did, it was like a warm blanket. If you can push aside the weirdness, it's a good roll. 

Another piece of fabulosity we had was a yellowtail seviche (they do spell it with an "s"). It was tangy but still let the other flavors show, and that is one of the items (along with the sea bass) I will absolutely order again next time I am in Vegas. 

Last, but certainly not least, the waiter concocted a duck hot-pot for us. I've not had much exposure to duck, and was weary of this one, but it was in a buttery sauce with lots of mushrooms, and it was incredibly silky and rich. Needless to say, after all this food, we were STUFFED!!! And of course, very happy. The manager came out to talk to us about the food as well, and I thought that was nice. 

I also tried the cucumber martini and the blackberry mojito. The mojito was good, but not particularly special. The cucumber martini, on the other hand, was light and refreshing and absolutely amazing. 

Sushi Samba is definitely first on my list next time I come to Vegas!
I came back to sushi samba over memorial day weekend and loved it so much that I actually ate there TWICE. The service and staff are incredible. Everyone is really nice, especially the ladies at the bar. The happy hour menu is such a great deal too, $6 for everything (I think there's at least 8 different items to choose from, including 2 different drinks. I recommend the mojito). I loved the salt and pepper squid (a BETTER version of fried calamari), spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail seviche (it had a really nice ginger flavor to it). The kobe beef tacos were also amazing. As I mentioned in my previous review, the portions are not the biggest, but when you factor in that this is vegas, you are actually getting pretty good bang for your buck. 

They should use maybe brighter lights inside though, it's kind of tucked away and easy to miss, in my opinion. People need to see this place!! :) 

Great prices, great service. I will definitely be back! Thanks sushi samba!
A fantastic experience.

I took my wife and adult daughter to Sushi Samba.  Things started off a bit dodgie when the ladies at the front screwed up, but everything worked out great.
We think the key to the great experience was our server, CARMINE.  Carmine asked us our price point, inquired as to our likes, dislikes and food allergies and proceeded to turn what could have been a bummer into a remarkable experience.
Great food, try the Yellow Tail Tacos, great service, thank-you Carmine and a very cool vibe.
A fore sure come back.
I don't believe it is possible to give a better rating.  We went to Vegas for my wife's birthday.  The was our last night, and we wanted to go out for the last time.  We had already eating diner a couple of hours before hand.  So we figured we would go for a late night snack.  We went to Sushi Samba, and could not have made a better decision.

We were pretty indecisive about what to order.  So our waitress suggested that we answer a few of her questions, and she would suggest a meal for us.  That was perfect.  We had the Yellow Tail tacos which was delicious.  Very light, and refreshing.  Then we had the Sea Bass skewers.  Amazing sauce, and was great.  Then we ended up with the Spicy Tuna.  Great meal.  Great suggestions.

But the topper was the owner Liz.  She came over to our table.  She was very welcoming, and actually talked to us.  I didn't feel as if she was doing it, as part of some shtick.  She was very genuine.  Which was cool. 

We ended the night with a vanilla chocolate cake for my wife's birthday.  Overall great experience.  When we go back to Vegas.  This will definitively be one of our stops.
My Fiancee and I were looking for a sushi place for a late night dinner. We happend to stubble upon this place in the Plazzio. 

The bill for two was about $96, but the quality of the food was AMAZING!
We paid about the same to eat at the Bellagio at Jasmine and this food was about 10 times better tasting.

The Pork Belly Ramen was so good the meat just melted in your mouth and the broth was just spicy enough to give it a nice kick.

The Sushi was also great, quality.

We tried the Yello Tail Tacitos which were pricey for $6 each but def worth at least having one.

The atmosphere is loud and clubish, but we weren't expecting a romantic night out we just were hungry and this place def delievered on that.
My husband and I looked at an address wrong for a restaurant we were going to try.  Long story short, we were at the wrong casino.  We decided to stay at Palazzo.  We love the Palazzo and have never had a bad experience here and figured we couldn't go wrong.  However, this is my least favorite dining expereince I've had to the Venetian or Palazzo.

SushiSamba was having their happy hour on Friday 4-7.  We sat up at the bar and ordered off their happy hour menu.  We each decided to try the Caipirinhas.  I'd equate this to a Brazilian margarita.  I think the bartender said it has rum instead of tequila???  Not positive though.  She hands the drinks to us and says something to the effect of "This isn't my favorite drink, but it gets the job done".  We didn't ask her if it was a good, bad or indifferent drink.  We just wanted to try something off their happy hour menu that we'd never tried before.  I thought it was a rather odd comment to make.  Then when we tried it, we weren't crazy about it either.  If she was going to say something, she should've told us when we ordered.  Regardless, the drink kind of grew on us.  Didn't order a second and probably won't order the drink again, but it wasn't horrible.

As far as food, we tried the chicken anticuchos, shrimp tempura roll, salmon taquitos and yellowtail seviche.  Chicken anticuchos were good....basically a chicken skewer with teriyaki.  Shrimp tempura roll was average.  Salmon taquitos were kind of strange...if you do order these, make sure to put the spicy sauce on them.  Without the sauce, they aren't very good.  Last but not least, the dish I truly enjoyed was the yellowtail seviche.  The yellowtail was buttery and spicy all at the same time....very good.

All said and done, our tab was just under $40 before tip.  Not bad.  However, there was something about this place, I don't see myself ever coming back here.  Other than the yellowtail, nothing was that good.  Average to mediocre at best.
My friends and I came here for happy hour.  

There wasn't much room at the bar, but I found a single table in the bar.  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she said yes but we had to order from the bar. I asked the hostess for menus and AFTER she told me I had to order from the bar she said someone would be there to help me. Errr...ok? My friend didn't hear any of this, but the bartender was nice and said instead of having us go up to the bar, she would have a waiter serve us.  The waiter who came was also really nice.

I ordered a veggie tempura and spicy tuna roll. The veggie tempura roll was one of the bigger dishes there and was pretty good. It came with a traditional sauce and a creamy tangy sauce.  The spicy tuna roll had really weird rice.  It was smashed together and wasn't sushi rice.  I'm not sure that it was even Japanese rice.  I know this is a fusion restaurant but please don't f up sushi rice! 

3 stars might seem a little harsh for bad rice, but as a whole, I guess I just wasn't that impressed.  It wasn't bad, but it was def. a'ight.
Love the food, love our waiter and loved how nice the rest of the staff was. They also gave us complimentary dessert that said "congratulations" because we're newlyweds. I thought that was a sweet touch and came out of nowhere. 

We ordered this mushroom dish, avocado/sweet potato roll and a side of veggies. Everything vegan and everything soo yummy. The inside was pretty neat too.
This restaurant was really crackin when we came on a Sat night for a friend's bday dinner.  You'll definitely need reservations for peak times (ie dinner on a weekend).  It's japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine all in one.  If you like Japanese w/ a twist, this is the spot to go to.  But beware, for some reason, it was really smokey (prob cause of the brazilian meats they were cooking) and overwhelmed the place (I don't think their blower was working that night).  Nonetheless, the restaurant has a hip vibe to it and along with that came much pricier menu options.  We had a large party of 10 and ordered quite a few things from the menu, but I'll just mention the ones that made our group go gaga over:

1) Chicken Teriyaki ~ Samba Style organic chicken, purple potato mash, aji amarillo, crispy onion - the chicken was to die for esp with the teriyaki sauce along with the PURPLE mash (yummm)
2) coconut rice - a nice twist to rice and vegetarians
3) Rio Grande w/ a choice of three meats (grilled hanger steak, ribeye, pork tenderloin, chorizo, lingia with malagueta pepper oil and chimichurri) - friends had the hanger steak, ribeye, and i think the pork and came w/ a variety of dipping sauces.  Let's just say they were very satisfied.

Overall, it's a fun place, but gets a bit crazy and hectic.  Large parties are better suited for a booth table vs. something in the middle of the restaurant where we were seated (seemed like we were in the way).  They are also well known for having a large saki menu, although we didn't get to try it out that time.  Just more of a reason to come back.
SUSHISAMBA is always on my itinerary when I come out here for my annual birthday celebration/vacation. I came here two days ago after my wonderful massage, all excited, hungry, and ready to throw down on some food, so I was glad I made it just in time for the happy hour. To my surprise, service was kind of amiss: my order initially came out wrong, my caipirinha was off and had to be adjusted, the salmon in my salmon avocado roll was a little dark, and the mosquitoes flying around me and my food drove me nuts! The only saving grace was the pork belly and the plantains, which were excellent (the mosquitoes thought so too).

I really hope SUSHISAMBA isn't slacking off on what made them my fave in the first place :/ Sushi don't fail me now...
Many of us have probably been to Vegas more times than we'd like to admit.  Heck, one period in my life, I made 4 trips there in a 6 week period!  Still paying for that even today.  Vegas is about the latest clubs, the crazy pool parties, and always the massive selection of fine restaurants.  Coming from the SF Bay Area, I've been lucky enough to be blessed with great cuisine, so, going to Vegas to dine is more about trying out new places and checking out the amazing decor of the restuarants.  Despite this fact, oddly, enough, I have been to Sushi Samba 5 times now and counting!!!  This is the only restaurant that I have been to more than once there minus the late nights at the Grand Lux Cafe...LOL.  But, I think that definitely says something.  This place has the top quality sushi and a very rare pairing of Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian flavors.  I absolutely love the variety of dishes and the friendly and hip feel of the environment.  Just check out the menu and you will know what I mean.  You can do ribeye steak, sushi, oysters on the half shell, porkbelly ramen, Samba cobb salad and sashimi cerviche all in the same place.  Plus, throw in the hip Vegas feel, cool music and presentation and you're in business.  Also, the restaurant is kinda cool to in a way, that it is tucked away from the busy part of the hotel.  Kinda gives you that hidden gem feel.  Anyways, you won't be dissapointed by this place.
I was in Vegas at the beginning of June for a bachelorette party, and we came here on Friday night before going out. I LOVED this place!! First of all, it's gorgeous. It reminded me of a jungle, lots of dark colors. Very pretty.

Our server was totally sweet. She explained the menu really well and helped me order something I would actually like since I'm not normally a sushi lover. I think the roll I got was the Neo Tokyo. And it was sooo good! Very satisfying flavor, savory and sweet at the same time. A little expensive I thought, but alas.

Considering there were like 15 of us on a busy night, the service was pretty fast. We got our food and drinks in a really timely manner and I didn't feel like we were sitting around waiting that much.

A downside was that I felt as though we were surrounded by creepy men, but that's so often par for the course that I can't fault Samba. 
 
Very fun place. And really interesting bathrooms.
I stand corrected.. 
I was hesitant at first about going back to Sushi Samba due to my terrible experience 2 years ago..but since our hotel was located at the Palazzo and we were crunch for time. Sushi Samba was the way to go.. 
I was part of a bachelorette party and we got a tasting menu, I was really impressed about how accommodating they were with me being that I am a vegetarian. 
Throughout the night they would not only come by and asked how we were doing but they participated in all the silly tasks that bachelorette had asked for. The manager himself would come out just to bring us a batch of fresh baked cookies and complimentary drinks..even right before we left the bartender came and asked if we wanted another group shot! 

Last time around we were all still very hungry with the itty bitty food we had but Christ, this time around EVERYONE was completely satisfied and beyond full by the end of the meal! 
One last thing, WE loooooveeed our Waiter Jimmy! he was so kind and helpful i couldn't ask for more! 

Thank you Sushi Samba for an AWESOME dinner!
Sushi is really good! I liked to ambiance and staff were defiantly restaurant educated.
I'll be back for sure
Overpriced, but what isn't? It's sin city. ;)

Good stuff though, mojito was bomb.
I have been here twice. The first time I ate here and the second I just had drinks. The food was really good. Unfortunately it was almost three years ago so I don't remember what I ate. Sorry Yelpers, I know that isn't very helpful. I do remember being very satisfied though. Very fresh and full of wonderful flavors. 

The second time I just had a couple drinks at the bar. I had a Mojito which was really good and then I had Chu Cucumber. Nice, very refreshing. 

All in all its a good place to come if your staying at the Palazzo/Venetian. At night they get really busy so make reservations. I can't wait to go back and eat more so I can update my review with more useful information.
My wife and I really liked Sushi Samba and their fushion menu.  We were running late for a show and couldn't wait to be seated in the main restaurant so we sat at the bar at the edge of the restaurant and the mall area as soon as something opened up.  Lara S was our main waitress plus another girl and she was very friendly and helpful in selecting our drinks and menu items.  My wife and I are big St. Germaine liquor fans and we loved the "Chu-Cumber" drink.  Also thought the Tempura green bean appetizer with truffle aioli sauce was yummie.  We had a sampling of sushi and Pacific, El topo, and spicy tuna rolls and all was very good.
The kids meal is a great deal.  The adult menu is pricey and you will leave hungry UNLESS you spend a lot of money.  We tried purple mash (good), miso pork ramen $18 (for soup!), pork belly (great if you savor the taste of fat), edamame and Shrimp tempura.  It was around 100 bucks - hubby left hungry
This was our go to late night place while staying at the Venetian. We opted to sit at the bar and try their happy hour specials along with a few things off their menu.

I woud HIGHLY recommend the Miso Chilean sea bass, as it was once of the BEST I have ever had. The vegetables that came with it were so tender and delicious, even though I hate Brussels sprouts, the rest were quite good.

The Spicy tuna rolls were really good also, though small compared to other places I've had them.

The BEST vegetable dish I've had in a long time were the Collard Greens in an asian dressing. They were crunchy and filling enough for two. Though, next time I'm not sharing! 

Another stand out to me were the Fried plantains. Normally, restaurants cut them thick and serve them with sides of beans and sour cream. I loved that these were cut thin and lightly breaded, deep fried and sprinkled only with some shavings of cheese. 

Besides the sea bass, the items we got were only $5-6 bucks a dish and easily can be split by two. This was probably my favorite place to dine while there and probably one of the better late night dining options you have if you don't feel like burgers or sandwiches.

I would have loved to give them a full 5 stars but the bar people were much to slow in not only forgetting to ask our order but forgetting to bring us our drinks after having to ask  three times, while serving those who just sat down right away. Otherwise, the food was fantastic!
I went here last night (4th of July Weekend) for dinner with my man and 4 friends of ours...AMAZING! Our waitress Tanice was absolutely wonderful and she put together a 10 course meal for my table based on our preferances. Every single thing she brought out was pure delight in your mouth...the scallops with pesto sauce were excellent, these small tuna "tacos" were amazing, and the chilean sea bass skewers were the best fish I have ever had, hands down. All entrees were served family style and the brazilian/sushi flare to the food was exciting for my taste buds. We got a shot tower (12 shots) for our table and the cucumber martini and sangria shots that came on it were super delicious. The manager Liza came over, pleasantly introduced herself, and checked our table frequently to make sure our meal was perfect. This place is a must for some fun, fine dining in Las Vegas. The ambience is dark, red and trendy in a classy way. It also was kinda cool to see Shawn Marion sitting at the table next to us. Come eat here and ask for Tanice and Liza: you won't be disappointed.
Here's some easy math: 

Awesomeness = SUSHISAMBA = Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian Fusion.

Yup.

I recently traveled to the Sin City for work and of course, had to try as many good restaurants as I could. While most offered decent food, they were definitely overpriced.

But SUSHISAMBA was simply awesome. My friend and I ordered four plates and they were the perfect amount of food for two ladies to share. More importantly, everything was fresh and delicious.

Here is what we gobbled down.

Sea bass and miso:
OMG. The fish blew me away with its tenderness and deep flavor. The decorative Peruvian corn also added a nice touch to the dish. A must try.

Yellow tail jalapeno and lemongrass:
Includes 4 pieces of sashimi. Pleasantly spicy with jalapeno, the fish was nicely chilled and tasted very refreshing.

Samba sushi assortment:
Has 12 pieces, including 8 kinds of sashimi and one type of roll. Everything was very, again, FRESH. I loved how the rice, fish and all the ingredients melted in my mouth.

Yellowtail seviche:
Wrapped in crispy tortillas and sprinkled with lime juice, the seviche tacos were a nice little summery treat in this boiling city.

What's better is that good food is not the only reason that I like this fusion restaurant.

Our waitress was nice and gave us good suggestions on what to order. My other colleague who came here with a big group also raved about the great service they received.

The ambiance was modern and romantic. I felt like I walked into a trendy, reddish dome, with interesting circular decor.

The bill? Certainly a splurge. But for the experience I had, it was well worth it.

Some final math: VISIT VEGAS = TRY SUSHISAMBA.
Service was good but the food was just OK.  I am a bit of a sushi snob since my father is a sushi chef but the sushi at this place was nothing special and I've had better at restaurants that were half the price.  I left after one appetizer and 1 roll.
Cool place for drinks before dinner or even after clubbing...I just hate that bar counter smell....yuck.
They won't seat you until your entire party is there.  Why?  Who cares?  You are holding the table.  Put people in it and get them started.  This is some antient rule started back in the day and no restaurant knows why they do it.  If the rest of the party takes too long, then those sitting can get started.  Get a clue.  If people are comfortable, they will spend money to eat and drink.  STUPIDITY!  The food is fabulous.  The waiter chose our courses and they were all great.  The bar area is weak with poor service.  And, they make you close out your tab before you sit to eat dinner.  Hello.  Make it easy for your customers to spend money not difficult.  I can't complain about the food.  The drinks are overpriced.  Our meal for two cost about $180.
BBQ sea bass skewers, Peruvian corn, yellow tail terditico, and a cup of miso soup. I could probably eat this every day for the rest of my life and not complain.
Sushi Samba is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Nice ambiance, good music, yummy food, and oh so yummy cocktails. Their samba juice is to die for!!!
Awesome! Our server, Jimmy, helped the four of us put together a dinner of 9 delicious dishes. The sea bass and the cucumber martinis are a must! Jimmy was the best server I've had in a very long time. Thanks for making our dining experience one I'll never forget.
I understand this place is pricey and expected it to be. I can afford a place like this... But apparently the service doesn't treat me like such. 

My friends came here to eat and I came to join them and they got seated at the sushi bar but it took forever for me to get water or anyone to take my order. I wore a cute dress, I have a nice bag, I am clean and freshly showered... But took awhile. They were nice when I ordered but come on... How long will it take? They really focused on the people who had tables. 

Food was good - overpriced which was expected. Got some rolls and a fish. 3 rolls and a fish. The fish (steamed) was eh... The rolls were good. I got plain salmon and yellowtail rolls which were actually on the cheaper end of the sushi price. 

Location
Palazzo... Good location

Ambiance
Posh and high end
But be careful smelling like baked fish because there is a dish that has lots of smoke that can cause you to smell like it.my gf was near a table with the dish and smelled like it afterward. 

Overall... Maybe I'd come back... If I had a table.
Been here three times...but for some reason the quality is going down. I want to give this 5 *'s but last time it just didn't live up to the hype. I brought my girl and she was like this is the place you keep raving about?! Boy did I feel dumb.

On my first visit I had the Chef Omakase. I was the only one at the bar because I was gambling for so long. I made a killing at the tables and was feeling rather giddy - so I went all out. The sushi chef asked me if I had any allergies/no likes... which is easy for me - no octopus and no squid. 

Wow did he come out guns blazing - A toro over warm rice with some special sauce. It nearly blew off my mouth. Then he went with a three lineup selection - Hamachi, Red Snapper and More Maguro.. but these had some sauces and jalapenos and ginger. Nice follow up. I said. How are you going to beat that....

He surprised me with a Peruvian slice of Filet mignon covered with Foie Gras. WOW dang that I guess I will stop doubting this chef. He lined up a couple more slices of sushi and I thought it was over. Pretty good, but I am thinking he is ending on the wrong note when he busts out a fried rice cake with Foie Gras and yellowtail Belly.... I nearly jumped out of my seat of how good that was. After that experience I adamantly recommended this to friends who wanted to try something different.

On subsequent visits with a couple friends we did Omakase again, but this time it was mostly rolls. I mean the sushi was great but the rolls left me wanting. Gone was the foie gras...and with that my 5th star.

On my last visit my girlfriend ate pretty standard stuff nothing spectacular and since we didnt do Omakase I was left on my own to decide which usually means pretty boring. I love the surprises chefs give me  when I order Omakase. Hopefully I will be back and the chef can surprise me and make me change my rating...until that my 4 *'s will stand. 

This place does get busy since it turns into a club some nights. Sit at the bar if you want the more crazy experience. I still love this place but with all the places on the strip, other places may get my business...
One of the best decorated restaurants I've been to.
The sushi is outstanding.
They put a very unique spin on their ceviches.
I highly recommend the robata.
Especially the Hamachi Kama, their version of Yellowtail collar.
I don't say this about many restaurants, but you have to see thier restrooms while you are there also.
GO THERE. 

I've been 4 times to this Las Vegas location. I have sat twice at a table and twice at the bar, and I have to say, sitting at the bar is the way to go! The waiter I had on my birthday was absolutely terrible. He forgot a dish and then took 30 (no joke) minutes bringing me what was suppose to be a surprise bday dessert. I understand the intent, but it was my bday and XS was calling my name. Oh and, they pour great drinks - a plus and rare practice in Sin City.

Anyway, the food is worth roughly 10 golden, shining stars. Get the yellowtail taquitos, don't ask questions, JUST GET THEM. You can thank me later. But really, ANYTHING on this menu is decadent. And although it seems pricey, every time I get the check I am surprised at how inexpensive the meal is as a whole.
Date/Time:  Monday - 10pm
Occasion:  Vegasaversary dinner after Phantom 
Party of:  Two
Location:  Amongst the shoppes in Palazzo.  Interesting decor.  Dark ambiance.
Ordered:  Roasted Shishito Peppers, Hamachi Tiradito, Miso-glazed Seabass Skewers, Spicy Tuna Roll, Moqueca Mista, and Trio of Sorbet/Ice Cream (green tea, lychee, and vanilla)
Total incl gratuity: ~$110

I am so stunned that Sushi Samba (SS) has an overall rating of 3.5!  It definitely deserved a 5 in my book.  Was pretty blown away by all of their food.  I'm not usually that impressed with Asian fusion but they deserve two thumbs up.  We arrived at 10pm and I was expecting it to be rather dead but it was still busy and happening.  All tables occupied, loud music bumping, and servers running around.

The BF and I decided on a few dishes to share.  Everything on the menu ranged between $10 - $30.  Granted we ordered a number of different items - for variety and sufficiency - we figured our dinner bill would be a little pricey.  Seeing shisito peppers on the menu, I had to go for it.  I don't know what it is about these little things but I love them.  SS serves them grilled with a splash of lemon and seasalt.  A very good and light starter.  It actually went really well with the lemongrass sauce that was served with the hamachi tiradito.  Don't even get me started on that lemongrass sauce. O.M.Gee. I'm pretty sure there was a hint of crack in that thing because I was drinking that stuff.  It was so incredibly delicious.  When the waitress tried to take my plate away, she noticed how much I was savoring each drip of it so she brought me out a ramekin of it.  Naturally I was dipping everything in that sauce.

The seabass skewers were just as delectable - melted in my mouth with the perfect flavor of miso.  Highly recommend!  We noticed our neighbor ordered the moqueca mista. It looked delicious and we opted for it as well.  It was the perfect entree.  I couldn't have been more pleased.  The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.  The coconut lime flavor was delicious.

Seriously, SS is fantastic  I can't emphasize it enough.  Since I've been back home, I've been telling everyone about this place. No joke!  One can only hope that they'll open one in SF.  I'm headed back to Vegas in a week - making my way back there for SURE!
Recipe for the best 30th birthday ever: 
- Surprise trip to Vegas 
- Bobo Brazil roll (seriously the best roll I've ever had, you must try this one) 
- Salt & Pepper Squid (to die for) 
- Pork Belly Skewers (if you are a bacon fan, look out) 
- Pork Gyoza with pumpkin puree 
- A server who cared. Jeff was seriously fabulous and took great care of us. We sat, we ate, we drank, we laughed... and after the surprise desert came out with a sparkler (very cool) we left. 
I would definitely suggest this place and would absolutely return!
Great restaurant, great food.  Great for groups - upbeat environment.  

A bit on the pricey side.
pricey.... but was happy i found my favorite sake. "star rabbit" blueberry sparkling sake..... oooh so yummmy!!!
Delicious drinks and food, and the bar tenders/servers rock! They have a happy hour that starts at 11pm, with the only catch being that you have to eat/drink at the bar. We preferred this as the music inside the restaurant was at night club volume. Our order included Jumbo Shrimp Seviche (amazing), the El Topo roll (it's so unique they trademarked it), the Shrimp Tempura roll, and Shisito peppers. With our food and five drinks later (2 mojitos and 3 caipirinhas), our bill was $65. If you're staying at the Palazzo or anywhere in Vegas for that matter, it's definitely worth a visit.
I had an AMAZING dinner here for my Bachelorette Party! I've been to Sushi Samba in Miami & was happy to be back. The vibe is very upbeat with a club feel & the food is a unique fusion of South American & Japanese...who would of thought?? Our server was Matt & not only was he attractive but he was kind enough to serve us a penis cake with sparkler candles...AWESOME! We heard about their "secret" prix fix menu here, so we decided to go with it. Our server asked us a bunch of questions about our preferences & food allergies to gage what type of menu we would receive. It didn't matter because EVERTHING they served us was absolutely great.  Here is a run down of what we had: 

-Green Bean Tempura (light & crunchy) 
-Shishita Peppers (could eat a pound of these everyday) 
-Pork Gyoza (savory with a wonderful sweet potato puree underneath) 
-Yellowtail Sashimi (So fresh with a lovely sauce underneath) 
-Lobster taco (good but doesn't knock my socks off like the others) 
-Rock Shrimp Tempura (ummm...so good cant even begin to describe) 
-Chilean Sea Bass & Chicken Teriyaki Skewers served with Peruvian Corn (Sea Bass was like BUTTER, Chicken was OK, couldn't stop eating the corn...think corn on steriods) 
-Rolls (We got a variety, don't remember exactly but they were all very fresh) 
That basically sums up our heavenly experience at Sushi Samba. Our bill was pretty hefty after all was said & done. But it was totally worth it....I will be back! This time sans penis cake ;) Thanks Matt!!!
We were promised a "dining experience", and that's what we got!

A group of 6 of us came here, and we were instantly charmed by our server, Michael. He recommended a custom "dining experience" for about $50-60 per person, based on our likes and dislikes. Food just kept coming out and we had no idea what to expect, but Michael really hit the nail on the head with everything he picked for us.

Some of the highlights:

- yellowtail tacos
- yellowtail in lemongrass sauce
- sea bass (I don't eat sea bass, but my friends were raving about it!). The Peruvian corn that came with it was excellent 
- some kind of steak, cooked medium rare served with rice and beans
- a sushi platter with spicy tuna, California, and shrimp tempura rolls

Sushisamba is really great for groups, and since you can customize a meal based on your budget, it can be relatively affordable, too. And every dish was amazing! I definitely recommend it, and hope to try brunch at one of their NYC locations.
We had a large dinner party and ordered separately. We did not order appetizers or cocktails, just the main course. My family had the three meats (grilled hanger steak, ribeye and pork tenderloin) and the miso-marinated Chilean sea bass. The meats were flavorful. We enjoyed the ribeye and pork tenderloin the best of the three meats. The sea bass was good, but it was not worth $29 for a tiny piece of fillet fish. We thought it was going to be a whole fish, enough to serve more than one person. The service was good when our waiter took our order, but he never came back to check up on our table to see how we were doing. We had to order extra rice and miso soup from other waiters and staff. Our waiter finally came to our table just to drop off the check. The manager came around and asked about our food, and we told him about the issue with our waiter. He apologized and offered us bite-sized cookies. The food was good, but the service was okay.
Love this place.  The sushi is fresh with unique dipping sauces.  We went twice in two days because of freshness, flavors, and service.  They have two happy hours before 7:00pm and after 11:00pm. $6 apps that are fabulous. Get the salt and pepper squid and the yellowtail, salmon tacos (not what u think) We sat at the bar both times and Jennifer was the best.  She knows the menu and the drinks. Gave us great tips on food and saki.  We eat sushi twice a week and wish this was at home.
Sushi Samba is a great sushi place if you like Americanized, fusion-sushi. Conveniently located in the Palazzo shops, its great for a quick bite if you're staying at the Wynn or Venetian and don't want to walk too far.

The prices are reasonable and the quality of the food is very good. I was particularly impressed with the huge portion of grilled yellowtail cheek I got for what I paid.

The sauces that accompany their sushi rolls are quite interesting - mustard, ponzu and soy-based. 

My one complaint, and it's a major one, is that I had to order sake THREE TIMES before I actually got a glass. My first and second choices were sold out, and it took the waitress 15 minutes between orders just to tell me this. Finally, when I picked a sake they hadn't run out of, there was not enough left in the bottle to constitute a full serving. I wasn't charged for it, but it was too little, too late. What I ended up drinking was far from what I was in the mood for.

If you sell sake by the glass, running out during the peak dinner hour in Vegas is unacceptable.
Sushi Samba, whether in NY, Miami, or Vegas is consistent and delicious.  This particular Sushi Samba, like the rest, is open late (surprising that so many great Vegas restaurants aren't), has a hip atmosphere and great sushi.
We were in Vegas this past weekend and decided to check out Sushi Samba.  We did the tasting "omakase" menu and it was a hit with everyone on the table.  We got a nice sampling of everything there, it was all superb.  My favorite were the yellowtail tacos, yumm!  Most of all, we had a really great waitress, unfortunately i can't remember her name but she was very well informed and on top of it and she's the reason i'm giving this place 5 stars.
So, I had to go here for a date. Well, he has been asking me for a date a while and I finally found time. And good time it was spend. I spend a lot of sushi on his credit card, and it was so worth it! The sushi not the date :)

It was SO freaking delicous, fresh unbelieavable for sure! The staff is very attentative.
But, its rather expensive, so make sure you have a date with a lot of money :)
Happy hour is a happy time.

$6 for a selection of appetizers and drinks for happy hour. Good deal! Remember not to come on the weekend b/c there is no happy hour. I found out the hard way when I came back the 2nd day for more. The quality of the sushi is good and the staff are very friendly. Asian and Latin fusion - confusing combo but not bad if you like this kind of stuff and need a break from heavier food.
My boyfriend and I found this place while we were in vegas for Sema. Normally we would have just ordered our usual sushi rolls and whatever we were familiar with. Thank goodness the server stepped in and said, just tell me what you like, what you're allergic to, and how much you want to spend, and i can put together a great dinner for you. So we let him take the reigns and it was AMAZING. he brought several courses of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian dishes and everything was delicious. I was so glad to be able to try foods ive never had before. I dont even remember everything that we ate, but i do remember the donut holes for dessert. they were soo good! at the end of the night we probably spent about $50 per person and it was all worth it for such an awesome dining experience.
Came late night, super hungry after drinking and dancing. They have a happy hour menu late night I think between 11PM-2AM $5 dollar mojitos, $5 Caipirinha- which were amazing, they taste just like one straight from brazil. They also have spicy tuna rolls and other rolls for $5 each. The vibe and atmosphere is great. Bartender was very friendly and helpful.
I'm conflicted about this place.  The wife and I were in LV for the first time since 2003, so we were exploring new places.  We saw this restaurant on our travels before heading to a show and we love sushi so we stopped.  The food was very fresh and drink selection was excellent, however portion size was tiny.  After $72 with tip my wife commented that is was the first restaurant that she had ever left feeling more hungry than when she arrived.  We then had to hurry off to get more food before the show.
Asian and Latin fushion = yummy!  Must get the sea bass and miso skewers!
For the true foodie, the only way to enjoy SushiSamba is omikase paired with a sake flight. Both off the menu. You set the price (minimum $60 to sky's the limit for the max) and turn it over to the waitstaff who will take excellent care of you. I enjoyed the subtle inquiry and the detailed, passionate manner as each dish was described. A definite oral escapade and fun for the sight, smell, and sound (lava rock searing). Dessert is not as strong as the savory dishes, but when paired with the coconut sake...YUMMY.
This restaurant caught my eye because it was something out of the ordinary from your typical sushi restaurant. The menu offered an intriguing variety but when I began reading the reviews I knew I had to try it. I would suggest anyone going there for the first time to try the dining experience because you may think you know what you want but the chef knows better! The server asks if there is anything you do not like or if you have any food allergies and then how much money per person you're looking to spend. There are options anywhere from $50 per person to $130 per person if Kobe Beef if something that interests you. As it was for a special occasion we opted for $80 per person and even though thats more than I have probably ever spent on a single meal there were no regrets.

Course #1 consisted of Berkshire Pork Gyoza which is basically pork dumplings in a pumpkin puree and Yellowtail Ceviche Taquitos, both of which were absolutely delicious and not necessarily something I would have ordered on my own.

Course #2 was Yellowtail Sashimi in a spicy Peruvian sauce with a slice of red jalapeno on top and Octopus Sashimi in a Japanese citrus sauce which again were both to DIE for!

Course #3 had an array of filet mignon, sea bass, king crab and Peruvian corn. All were moist and tender but the sea bass absolutely melted in your mouth! Peruvian corn was a yummy alternative to traditional corn as well.

Finally, Course #4 was the main sushi dinner. Shrimp tempura rolls were delicious, but the spicy tuna with i believe tuna on top was absolutely amazing! There was also Maine lobster and another roll which I believe had lobster in it as well and was probably the only thing of the entire dinner that I was not absolutely amazed with, but it was still good!

Another great thing about this place is they tell you if there is anything throughout this meal you do not like they will take it back and bring you something else! As our server said, "Its like a money back guarantee!"

Anyways this is definitely a place I would tell everyone who loves trying new things to try or even just the sushi lover. DO IT! It will not disappoint!

Only part I would complain about is the fact that there is NOT one in California!!!
first time having sushi...soooo good!! very quite service too.
This was definitely one of the best dining experiences I've had in LV. We called a few hours ahead to make reservations at 8:45pm on a Friday night. The restaurant was packed and the decor is absolutely gorgeous. 

For 2 we had:

- Edamame organic soybeans, sea salt, lime
- Rock Shrimp Tempura golden pea shoot, snap pea jullienne, spicy mayo, black truffle vinaigrette
- Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca anticuchos
- Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass roasted organic vegetables and oshinko
- BoBo Brazil roll* seared wagyu beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri
- Green Envy* tuna, salmon, asparagus, wasabi pea crust, aji amarillo-key lime mayo

Everything was delicious! The rock shrimp tempura and sea bass were amazing. I wasn't a huge fan of the beef anticuchos, they were seasoned almost too much. The rolls were pretty small and didn't stand out as much as the other food. Service was on point, and I would definitely come back!
First it was sensory overload with the lights, video and overly loud music.    Second, the food was too hyped up for me, so the 45 min wait was not worth it on a Tuesday.  

- Sea Bass skewers - good but nothing extra special.  
- Bobo Brazil roll - couldn't really taste the ingredients, the sauce took over
-  Yamato roll - sounded way better on paper.  again, couldn't taste the ingredients as it was sauced up.  
-  the sushi came with its own wasabi, which is perfectly fine, except they put way too much.  The taste of the fish was masked by it.  

Overall, I wouldn't go back.
I think you need to take off a star for all Vegas reviews. This place was hyped up on Yelp and in Vegas. I like my sushi, but this place is wayyyy overrated as far as food taste and quality. Ambiance and service was ok.
What a great happy hour they have here. You will need to find it because it's upstairs but well worth it! 

We had almost everything from their happy hour menu and each item was good and not your typical Japanese/sushi since it's more Asian fusion. 

The service was terrific at the bar as the bartenders were attentive, sincere and courteous. 

Would def come back again.
Worst restaurant in Vegas period....
I can write a book about there offensive quality of food and lack o service but I will not waste another second getting angry over this sorry esss establishment... big rip off... these crooks should be jailed
Stick with the sushi (4 stars) and stay away from the "samba" (zero stars)

Their most popular fusion dishes recommended by the staff are not worth getting.  They were dissappointing and overpriced.
The crispy yellowtail and lobster taquitos were just awful.
The sea bass skewer was too sweet and syrupy and the pervian corn was gross.  
The yellowtail w jalapenos and lemongrass were just average.

The straight up sushi was better than I expected.  In particular, the yellowtail sushi (though a really small cut) was actually very good.
All I can say is....KOBE BEEF ROLLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Definitely the best roll i have tasted in my life.  Kobe beef, shiso, and jalapeno peppers, with all sorts of other yumminess!!!!!!!!!!!!!  How I crave thee.

There are all kinds of amazing dishes for this Brazilian, Japanese, fusion restaurant.  Try the excellent Black Cod Miso dish and the classic chicken teriyaki for starters.  The cocktails are amazing, too -- there is a Pomelo drink that is absolutely the most refreshing drink ever....with a ton of soju in it to make you tipsy!!!!

Now that I've been samba'd, I will always put lime and togarashi on my edamame.  What a great combination!!!

Things to stay away from: 1) Lobster roll. What have you done to the old lobster roll??? The new roll with the rice crisps on the outside is bland and blah.  Bring back the old roll!!! 2) Yellotail taqiutos. Not sure what this is, but don't order it.  It was fusion gone wrong!!!!

All in all, a fun place for a big group to go to -- great, loud music...fun ambiance...good food!!!
For some reason, this is where my wife and I usually end up taking out-of-town guests when we can't decide where else to go. I think we've visited this place more times than any other Strip restaurant. Some people may hate fusion spots, but I love them. The food here is consistently good and affordable -- at least compared to other places on the Strip.

If you're just looking for sushi, there are better places to hit up, but with all the other small plate options this spot is a winner in my book. 

I'm only giving them 4 stars this time around because there's better sushi out there and my favorite red-headed bartender wasn't there.
Good drinks. Great food. Good music. Great service. Nothing bad to say about this place -- 
This place was seriously the best place on the strip I've ever eaten. The perfect fusion of Peruvian, Brazilian, and Japanese on point. Sea bass skewers, Roasted duck with mushrooms, the Brazilian BBQ, the mango mojitos, Brazilian pilsner....everything that touched our table was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was Carmeine and he did a perfect job of picking out all of our courses for us. If your in a big group and its your first time there, I highly recommend asking for Carmeine and letting him chose your dishes for you. He paired everything perfectly. Will definitely  be back again. Next we're looking forward to the Kobe steak that gets cooked on a hot rock on your table.
Sushi Samba is the best it can get! The Chef's tasting menu is the way to go. I can't even fully describe how amazing everything we had was. We started off with the Edamame, Shisito and Green Bean Tempura. The Shishito are seared and roasted peppers, which were spicy but good. The tempura was amazing with this black truffle alioli that I wanted to drizzle on everything!

Then came chicken gyoza, which was so tender on top of pumpkin puree. Before we knew it they were bringing out rolls, one tuna and one with fresh crab. I was starting to feel full, when all of a sudden came the miso sea bass and beef tenderloin skewers. They were served with this peruvian corn that I haven't been able to stop thinking about since.The kernels are the size of quarters!  And I didn't even get to mention the nice cocktail list until now, so you know the food was good.

All in all it was one of the best meals I've had in a really long time. They also had a similar sized spread for my friend who is a vegetarian and graciously agreed to go with us.
We had the rock shrimp tempura appetizer and the fried squid with salt and pepper. Both were decent. We ordered a few rolls to share including the Bobo Brazil which was tasty. All the rolls were fine but on the pricey size. The dessert sampler was pretty decent but at 12 dollars a person, it's expected.
Chef's tasting was the best! If you go to Vegas and you like sushi you MUST stop here. Waitress was wonderful and very helpful!
We stopped at sushisamba one night for a small snack and a couple cocktails.  It turned out to be the top experience we had in Vegas.  Our waitress, Tanice, was amazing.  We weren't very familiar with sushi and were looking for a new experience.  Tanice sat right down with us and immediately made us feel comfortable.  All her suggestions were spot on. We had such a great experience that we went back two more times.  Oh and ya gotta have a cucumber martini while you are there
Came here during a weekend trip, their sushi originals are to die for. I totally recommend this south American - sushi fusion!
This was my third time at a sushi samba and never have I ever been disappointed! So it is about time I write a review! The BoBo Brazil roll and El Topo roll is always excellent. There is gold flakes on them and it just melts in your mouth! There cucumber martini is also so delicious! Must try if you like fancy sushi!

2nd review: I went here again in Sept. of 2012 and had amazing food and service all around! Never dissapointed here!
The decor and service are wonderful. The food is okay.  If it wasn't so expensive, it would be a nice place to go eat. 
okay food + expensive= not worth it for me.
This place is probably the best sushi I've ever had. We shared 4 different rolls and I loved all of them! Sorry I don't remember the names, but I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed in anything you order. I love the Peruvian food options on the menu as well. Purple potatoes, yummy! My favorite roll was the one with pear in it. I know, who would've thought pear would be good in a sushi roll but man, it was to die for. 

The decor was also very unique. They artwork on the wall was something to look at. I was also very impressed by the fast service right in the middle of the lunch rush on a Sunday. This place is for sure a must try while on the strip!
I went TWICE on my trip to Vegas. That's how good it was. Good sushi, good sake and martinis! I would describe the ambiance as contemporary. It was super crowded both times we went (Friday and Saturday night), so I'd suggest making reservations if you are going on the weekend. Our waitress on Friday night wasn't that great, but the service was awesome Saturday night.

The only complaint I have is the birthday dessert...it sucked.
Amazing sushi and interesting cocktails!  Staff was friendly and prompt, atmosphere very fun.  Order the tuna tataki!  Some of the best sushi I've ever had.  Will definitely be returning next time I'm in Vegas.
When my boyfriend proposed dinner at SUSHISAMBA I wasn't 100% sure what to expect. Naturally, I immediately assumed it was sushi with a bit of a twist, but I didn't really expect the menu they had in store! They offered a very cool Japanese, Peruvian and Brazilian fusion (not your everyday mash-up!) and everything was executed brilliantly. I was a touch put off at the outset when the waiter told us that he could create a dinner experience FOR US without much of our input. After finding out about food allergies, dietary restrictions, etc. he gave us a ballpark of about $50 - $60 per person and took it from there. We, quite literally, ordered NOTHING off of the menu - everything that we ate was something that our waiter thought would be a hit for us. While I was skeptical, it actually worked out well! He brought us some amazing dishes (the corn that accompanies the sea bass is insanely good and the ahi tacos were stellar) though we could have probably done with a couple fewer dishes. We left absolutely stuffed and very impressed. 

I'm sure we could have kept it under $100 (not including drinks) if we were to order on our own (we got a LOT of food, including a few orders that probably wouldn't have been on our agenda), but if you're okay with the price range laid out, they do know their stuff! All around good experience. I would go again, but now that we've tried quite a few things, I would prefer to place my own order. :)
Portions are so insanely small. I hardly ever finish a plate and these were tiny even for me. The Chilean Seabass was to die for but after spending a fortune and still feeling starved afterwards I just would not ever return.
Very fresh and creative sushi located in the Palazzo shops area on the second floor. This is a must if you love sushi!
Peruvian, Brazilian, Japanese fusion eats....

Located in the Palazzo, I enjoyed everything here except the ramen.  

Vibe is nice, unique artwork displayed, staff was attentive.  Prices are a bit high and the portions are small (unless you get an entree, which looked like a decent size from what we saw at our neighbor's table) but it's vegas and the food is at least delicious!  I liked how clean the food tasted (except the ramen) and I didn't feel heavy or greasy after.  Just content and happy! 

NAY
* Berkshire pork belly ramen- flavor was kinda blah, noodles under al dente, yah this was just not working and it was 18 bucks.  Fail.  Don't order ramen here, I"m thinking it's just not the place for it?

YAY
*Raspberry mojito....loved it!
*Yellowtail jalapeo and lemongrass 14.00---delicious with a nice kick to the sauce...4 pieces of yellowtail that melt in your mouth.  
*Kanpachi yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil 17.00--this fish is a yellowtail that melts in your mouth, great sauce.  4 pieces.
*Whole Squid lemon aioli 9.00--this was good but nothing wow
*Hamachi Kama key lime and su-shoyu 12.00- loved.  4 pieces.
*Sea bass and miso-16.00----this was my fave.  Flavor was great and the sea bass just melts in your mouth.  Two skewers plus some Peruvian corn that looks like the hominy from pozole.
*BoBo Brazil* seared wagyu beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri- 17.00---first time having beef in my sushi and it was good. Regular size role,  great combo in my mouth.
Me and my gf made a weekend trip to Vegas while I was in SF for work. We got in late Friday night so our nice dinner options were slim since we had limited time and getting anywhere outside your hotel takes 20 minutes - that is once you're in a cab.

We were staying at the Venetian so decided to trek around in our Vegas attire and find a spot to eat. Low and behold Sushi Samba, serving dinner at 11:30pm. 

I've been to Sushi Samba multiple times in NYC but this was a different experience. We opted to do a suggested tasting menu. It was delicious. Everything we had was incredible. The chef understood what we liked and wanted and did an excellent job. 

My only issue was that we gave the waiter a budget on how much we wanted to tasting menu to be (they are supposed to make it around that) and she went over by $15-20.

All in all, if you're gonna go to Sushi Samba (wherever) do the tasting menu, it's quite the delight.
I love the fusion. This place is a must-try!!! It's nothing new but the flavor due to the combo of meats, fruits and veggies makes it very unique. Your taste buds start to dance and gets awaken by the difference in flavors in one single bite.
Everything we ordered, we delightfully enjoyed.
I like the ambiance of street meets mod and the energy is great. However, I give the sushi a B grade. They try really hard to dress up their sushi and rolls with interesting sauces and for the most part pull it off but I prefer traditional sushi joints that wow you with the freshness of the fish and not the add ons. 

One thing I highly recommend is the Kobe beef. We chose the Ishiyaki which roughly translates to "hot rock" in Japanese. They bring out a black rock that is heated to 600 degrees along with a large array of oils, sauces, and salts. The waiter gave us a short lesson on how to prepare the meat and we went to town. Preparing the meat ourselves added a nice social aspect to the business dinner but be aware that seven slices of thin Kobe beef costs $150. Cheers
The visuals at Sushi Samba are the best part of the meal, from the colorful cocktails, to the artfully-arranged sushi rolls, to even the cool circular sliding doors in the bathrooms. However, it's not just a feast for the eyes. I am usually skeptical of anything labeled "fusion", but this concept works. Even the Brazilian friend I shared my meal with agreed.
Upbeat, happening and alive. This sushi place is TOP in Vegas. It has energy pumping when you walk in. The seats are close together but the whole design of the place makes it OK. 

They have beautiful modern bathroom with an attendant. We indulged in the Kobe beef app- which was small as HECK but so tasty.

We got few rolls of sushi which were fresh and tasty. They had great girly cocktails too.

I would RUN back!
Second time here and have to say both times were great. We sat at the bar and our server was super cool. Loved the seaweed salad which was a trio of three kinds of seaweed, the yellowtail sashimi was so fresh and the sauce excellent.  Expensive? yes, but that's no secret.
4 stars for the dessert and tempura green beans.

Everything else was meh.

Ordered the samba strip roll which came with a little lobster tail and had mango in it.  It was average.  The peanut curry sauce I wasn't a fan of as it tasted like ginger and I was not feelin it.

But the star was the dessert...banana honey crispy taquitos.  They have a caramel sauce on top and chocolate on the bottom. AMAZING

and the green bean tempura is served with black truffle aoili.  I yelled so loud the table next to me ordered it.  It was a very "When Harry Met Sally" moment "I'll have what she's having"
I had a quick dinner with some work colleagues at Sushi Samba the night we arrived at the hotel. The wait on a Sunday night was about 45 minutes ... so we asked if we could sit/eat at the bar. They said it was fine and were promptly seated.

We ordered 3 sushi rolls and 1 entree along with a couple of beers and one cocktail. For three people our bill was well over $100 and we didn't really have that much to eat. The service at the bar was friendly, but unattentive ... they seemed more interested in talking with each other than the customers that night. It was good, but I can't see paying $14+ for "specialty" rolls and $8-9 for a standard spicy tuna roll that you can get at a very good sushi restaurant for $5-6 anywhere other than on the strip in Vegas. I know ... it's Vegas, everything is expensive ... but $100 for a few rolls and an entree is a bit excessive.
This place is the only reason why I want to go back to Vegas!!! the sushi is amazing, the ceviche taco's are mouth-watering. The seabass and lobster tail are scrumptious!! There wasn't one thing that was put on our table that wasn't delectable. Oh and the watermelon martinis are phenomenal! If it wasn't for our waiter MAX I don't think I would of had such a great experience. :)
It's interesting that back home, I partake in sushi once or twice a week without fail  ... and yet in Vegas, while staying in a hotel where it seems every celebrity chef has at least one restaurant (and in many cases two)... I'm drawn to a "sushi" place once again.  

Nonetheless, the Brazilian beats and atmosphere from the outside looking in made SUSHISAMBA seem different, and well worth trying. 

So we did.

SUSHISAMBA is a Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian fusion restaurant.  Hence the aforementioned "beats." 

The visuals of this place are more "club" than restaurant, both from a lighting/decor perspective, as well as the patrons drinking around the bar.  

That being said, as we were seated at our table, the fusion influences did highlight how somewhat boring and "polite" the sushi places I normally frequent actually are.  SUSHISAMBA has a much more vibrant atmosphere.

Regardless, I was in the mood for sushi, so I stayed within that zone on the menu. 

My dinner companion fears the stuff... which made this place perfect.  I could indulge, while she self-cooked meat on a ultra hot stone in front of her (yes, that is an option).  

Thus, my sashimi/sushi/roll selection was served before me with zero guilt .

Everything either of us ordered was very good.  No complaints on the quality whatsoever.  The only negatives are repeated from what other reviewers have mentioned:

--  if you order outside of the Japanese realm, the price seems to go way up.  If you treat it as a sushi restaurant, the price is in line, even for Vegas.  

-- Again, outside of the "sushi" realm, portion size could very well disappoint. 

--  The tables can feel a little too close for comfort with your neighbors.  But this varies depending on where you are seated.  

Overall, I am a fan of the traditional sushi-restaurant  fare served here, because it trumps the overall experience I have elsewhere -- the quality is fine, the atmosphere is more fun.  

Venturing beyond that will no doubt deliver quality, but you may end up needing to order more than expected to be satisfied, and end up with a much lighter wallet.  

Calgary Yelp's 30 day challenge:  10/30
I love ceviche... I don't really like shrimp so I love it when there is fish ceviche. This place has four different ceviches... YESSSS! I wasn't very hungry so I only ordered the yellowtail one, although I reeeally wanted to order the sampler to try all of them. We sat at the sushi bar to check out the variety and quality of fish, which was alright. The variety was the typical sushi staples and not much more. This didn't really seem like a place to get sashimi or plain sushi so we ordered rolls instead. I thought the Brazilian and Japanese fusion was very interesting. I had the halibut skewer which had a miso sauce and brazilian corn on the side. Pretty tasty but maybe a little overpriced. The Ishiyaki smelled really good but I didn't want to smell so we didn't get it. I don't know why we ordered a kobe roll when it's not real kobe beef and the portion is so thin and small that you can't even taste it. The service was fast and friendly. We received our food quickly, the place was clean, nice atmosphere, and overall enjoyable. I wouldn't rave about this place, but I wouldn't mind coming here again to try more things on the menu. I don't think I would recommend this as a sushi place, but more for their other items like robata (small selection) and Ishiyaki.
Happy hour is a good deal, 6 bucks for sake and rolls.  I had a tuna roll, rather plain and uninspired, but the roll with salmon skin and bonito flakes on top was awesome!  The gyoza, made with pork, were delicious.  The bartender was very nice, although certainly more focused on making sure her family member had drinks and food.  Overall it was good and I'd go back.
Very good sushi.  Many different types of Asian, Sushi like food.  A Little pricey but everything tasted amazing!  Expect to pay $75+ per person to eat.  $100+ if you are hungry.  Other then that it was amazing!
First off the food was Amaaaazing. The hanger steak (as part of the 3 meat) was luscious, the mutant corn was delicious as were the rolls that we got. But the best part for me (a newly gluten-free diner) was that they were soooo knowledgeable about the menu and knew how to make adjustments to accomodate me. They switched out sauces, made replacements here and there, had gluten free soy sauce and acted like it was NORMAL, not like i was some crazy person. I heart Sushi Samba.
It's not an authentic japanese feeling but it's a great Peru/Japanese mix food.
The host and server were very friendly and nice interior! I def go again and again!
It's in Palazzo hotel but not too expensive than I thought.
Took "FOREVER" to get our food. I always think that when there is only 2 dining out the service isn't very good. More people more tip!!! 4.00 for a small cup of coffee!!! REALLY,6.00 for a small soup!!!!REALLY. Overpriced w/ okay food.
The experience was different and I absolutely adored the service, the food and the presentation of this place.  It's a happening place for Peru/Japanaese cuisine.  Waiters were quick to respond and checked on us at the right times.  Water was always filled and food was delicious!

First off, YAMATO Roll....fatty tuna with foie gras and cavier with good flecks?  Heck yah!  How much more delicious can you get with this roll?  The Green Envy roll, and the Bobo Brazil were always very good!  The tuna tataki was also amazing.  

For my birthday, they gave us a shot tree the bartender concocted for us.  Also another great drink was this drink with jalopengo in it.  I don't remember the name, but it was a nice kick!  :)  YUMMMM!  I can't wait to come back again!  Thanks sushisamba waiters and bartenders!
Fun place - good drinks and food was quite good.  

I would highly recommend every dish we had - they were all quite tasty.  

We had Yellowtail Crispy Taquitos - its fried, I know - definitely not the most healthy thing on the menu - but they were just delicious! The sashimi tiradito (kanpachi with yozu sauce) was just amazing - it completely melts in your mouth and is very refreshing with the lemony tang.  The seabass skewers also amazingly well prepared and tasted phenomenal.  The green envy and carnaval were unique and also worth a try.  

Sharing is definitely the way to go here so make sure you go with peeps that want to also share.
This place was amazing.  My friends and family took me there for my birthday and I was totally blown away.  It was such a unique food experience that we honestly didn't know what to order.  We had the best waiter and he was extremely knowledged of the complete menu, preparation of each dish and all of the ingredients.  We were able to give him a price point average of what we wanted to spend per guest, our likes and dislikes, and he was able to put together a beautiful 5 course meal.  All of the food was amazing and the manager even came to the table to wish me a happy birthday with complimentary cocktails.  The atmosphere was beautiful, very laid back and relaxing.  I will definitely be going back and I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to enjoy new variations of seafood.
Dinner here completely blew away my expectations.  I expected corporate lackluster service, dishes and an over hyped Vegas restaurant.  I was glad to be proven wrong.  

A Sushisamba was short lived in Dallas and now I can see why...this would never fit in Dallas.  A very lively restaurant at the back end of the Palazzo Shops.  Once seated the very charismatic server explained that the menu, influenced by Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine, is designed to be shared by the table.  Definitely an odd sounding combination of countries for a menu but it worked out well.  Peru and Brazil are heavy on the meats, and with Peru having an Asian influence in their culture, it made perfect sense to fuse the three together. 

When dining with a large group here it can be very confusing as to what should be ordered with a shared menu concept.  Someone at the table should take charge of the ordering or ask your server to lead the way.  We relied on our server to guide us through.  He listened to our likes and dislikes a delivered a wonderful sushi platter.  The rolls were small but great flavor.  We enjoyed it so much we ordered a second platter.  Try the Samba Roll...lobster and mango served with a curry peanut sauce.  Still hungry we ventured to the Peruvian side of the menu and ordered the anticuchos served with Peruvian corn.  A sweet and heavy starch corn, much different that what we have in States.  The skewered meat was very sweet and tender.  Next were the fried mushrooms...a recommendation from the server.  These were outstanding...deep rich flavor fried in tempura.  This sounds like a lot of food but it is not.  I left quite hungry but satisfied with the quality of food and service we received.

For as busy as they were, the server did not skip a beat.  The food was absolutely delicious.  The restaurant can get pretty loud if you catch it later in the evening.  With this type of shared menu the bill can jump pretty fast.
Excellent service, good quality, fresh sashimi, and questionable serving size. 

When my chirashi was delivered, it looked strangly small.  While I was eating my meal, I realized that the cuts of sashimi were very thin and small.  Unusually so.  I was sitting at the sushi bar and there was a guy sitting a couple of seats away from me.  After I was done with my meal, he asked me what I thought of it.  I said that I enjoyed it, but did mention the sashimi size concern I had.  He replied, saying that was his experience as well.  My grandmother used to say.....'if enough people say it, its got to be true'.  Grandma Ethel was a smart cookie.

It's unfortunate as this impacted an otherwise nice dining experience.
I like this place. Came here with 2 of my girl friends for Happy Hour on a Thursday night and sat at the bar. Our bartender Homer was GREAT! He kept the drinks coming and took care of our food orders. As we kept getting drunk, he entertained us with his bartending tricks and knowledge of giant Peruvian corn. Haha, we were impressed! Everything we tried on Happy hour was really good, especially the calamari. We ordered a lot of stuff, but the calamari really stood out. I also remember getting the shishito peppers, but they were okay, I've had better in NY. 

All in all, a great experience, I'd love to come here again!
Sushi was very good along with all of the appetizers. With that being said, I went with a group of about 10 girls and it took 20 minutes after being seated for them to recognize that we were there, and that was after we asked a server walking by. They definitely made up for it with free drinks and appetizers but it was disappointing and it should have never started out like that. From then on the service was pretty good but they ended up forgetting to bring a few dishes out, and somebody found hair in their food. Overall the food was great and they apologized and made up for the wasted time but the experience could have been better.
My daughter and I went back to SUSHISAMBA Sat night. Our experience was wonderful. The staff was so nice and friendly. The manager suggested different dishes that we might have never ordered. All were excellent! Our waitress was excellent and was very attentive. She is blonde from Brazil. She was great and remembered us from weeks before! That's a plus and she remembered how I liked my coffee. Ask Michael the manager about the cocktail with a cucumber in it. It was delicious. We will be going back soon. We just love the food and the service.
The sea bass was delicious! All you can taste is the miso though. 
Peruvian corn wasn't that flavorful, but it was interesting... Think corn kernels on steroids! 
The el topo roll was SO GOOD. Best sushi roll I've ever had! I also tried the bobo brazil roll and it was definitely NOT as good as the el topo. The server recommended adding cream cheese to it next time. 
I think I also got some kind of steak dish, can't remember what it was called but they did a good job on cooking it medium.
The fries come in a little wooden box. It was cute.
Service is great, I've been here twice and I'd definitely go again!
Sushi is good.  But our server also had a party of 10 he was waiting on, and he and all his bussers were so occupied with them our party of 3 was ignored.  We asked him for a sake menu when we ordered our food.  No one came close enough to our table for us to flag them down and ask again, until the busser came with our food.  Then we got the menu.  But when the couple at the table next to us had water accidently splashed on them, they made a fuss over them, going out of their way to get the woman's scowl off her face.  Sushi was good, but the price tag was not worth the horrible service.
Amazing! If u want good services and drinks here is the place to be! My server Allen h. Was everything u could ask for, personable, nice and connective! I can honestly say his service was what made my day. Ok ok enough about the service onto the food!
Decor is simple, nothing to rate a craze experience over but satisfying! I got the Kobe small meal, worthy of experts!! And the tuna (maguro) is fresh and satisfying while tasting the quality of fish. Then the melt in ur mouth Kobe.....let's just say I'm coming back tomorrow! 
Allen has been in the business and knows the INS and outs, get him as ur server and u will become a regular!!!!!
I thought this place was okay, but hey, it's Vegas, it's about what you might expect for sushi in Vegas
Hands down the best sashimi I have ever tasted and I am very picky!!  The sauces that accompany the sashimi were to die for, especially the hamachi.  We also tried this mango ahi tuna tartare which was really tasty too!  The only cons were that they really packed the place with tables so if you want a place where you can speak with your dinner companion without having to speak over fellow diners then skip this place.  Only other con was that the menu has so many options that you really should ask the wait staff to give you a few pointers in how much to order.  Our waitress was dead on in guiding us as to how much to order since many of the plates are small tapa style plates while others are larger.  The sushi rolls we ordered were great as well! I will make it a point to come back and eat here everytime I am in Vegas.
If I knew any better, after eating here I would of thought the ocean had run out of fish and we were rationing off slivers of hamachi to feed to survivors of the lastest zombie invasion in Outbreak: Las Vegas.

Had the Yamato roll w/ foie and caviar ($16) and hamachi sashimi tiradito ($13). Tasty, but tiny.  The only redeeming dish was the pork belly skewers.  Best thing on the menu for $10.
A Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian restaurant in the Palazzo Shops, with a sweet looking interior.

The menu is a tad expensive ($15 rolls), but the food tasted fresh and the service was excellent.

My favorite dish was the PORK BELLY RAMEN which came hot in a mondo-sized bowl.

Other items I ordered included:
-SAMBA JUICE (raspberry and watermelon infused rum, aai, passionfruit, crme de banana, guava)
-RAINBOW DRAGON ROLL (eel, red bell pepper, cucumber, mango, avocado)
-SALT N PEPPER SQUID appetizer
The food was tasty but pricey. Order some clams and boy they were tiny like the size of a penny & cost $6 bucks each. Like the purple mush something different.
Vegas is expensive so expect to pay some money to eat here.  Rolls average between $12-$20...not cheap.  I didn't have any rolls so I can't comment on them.  I did have the sashimi though.  I wasn't impressed by it at all.  I have had better sashimi by my house for a lot cheaper.  If you order the sashimi, don't get your hopes up.  

Outside the sashimi, the restaurant is very nice and the service was good.  I would go there again and try the rolls this time as they did look pretty damn good.
The best sushi around. Very expensive, but worth it. Yellowtail teradito, Peruvian corn, BBQ sea bass, edamame, and some miso soup if u want to keep it light. Rolls are great too, but there is so much just go and let the waiter/waitresses take care of you.
There are so many reviews for this place- I'll keep it short:


Yamato roll, let's be together forever.
Who would have thought on a normal Tuesday night at 8pm, we would need a reservation? Sushi Samba proved us wrong. After our experience there, I now see why they have restaurants in some of the biggest cities in the world. 

First of all they told us that we would have a 50 minute wait. As we were leaving to find another place, the hostess informed us that they could fit us at the counter. The "counter" is a raised area that looks out into the restaurant. I'm struggling to figure out how to describe it right now. It's a long table where everyone sits in a row- like a sushi counter- which overlooks the dining area. And you have to be very careful while sitting there. There's not much room and I doubt the people with spacious bench seats below us would appreciate a spilled drink. However, it was the perfect spot for people watching. 

Service was a little slow. Hence, the 4 stars. It took a while for us to get refills on our drinks. The server came over once without us having to wave her down. But food was amazing. I recommend the serviche and taraditos (especially the tuna). The duck breast robata was also amazing. Between the 3 of us, we tried quite a few dishes and we were quite happy with all of them. 

It is a little pricey, but I definitely think this is a great place to try at least once in Vegas!
We were at Sushi samba for dinner the day after Christmas - one of the best restaurants.  The Kobe beef sashimi was to die for.  I ended getting a 2nd order and I was already full.  
Everything was great - the food was excellent.  Great service.  Very accommodating.  I just wished that there will be one in the bay area soon!
On the recommendation of a friend ,I took my family here one evening.  The house music was great, the service was quite good, the drink selection wide and the food was excellent. As you would expect for a location in a 5-star Vegas strip hotel (The Palazzo), this is NOT your father's typical sushi restaurant . As our server informed us immediately, the food is a mix of cultures that is served from from one of three kitchens - as soon as it's ready.  That was just fine with us as we were quite hungry!

We found only two problem with this place (both of which could be fixed quite easily): 1) When one of us ordered a glass of cranberry juice, it came watered down. Our server was extremely apologetic and mentioned they called their supplier after they discovered our drink.  Apparently their mix delivery system was on the blink. 2) A bus person was very enthusiastic about picking up dishes... sometimes before we were finished.  We mentioned his need to refrain from this and he complied.

If you're looking for sushi in Vegas that's different than run-of-the-mill sushi (but still quite excellent, of course) this would be a great place to check out!
Now that I've been here 4 times, I feel I can give an accurate review.  This place makes me feel very torn.  Here's the deal:

Things to rave about:
-Cool energy in the place. Interesting decor, sleek seating areas, random stuff on the tvs to watch, nice music.
-Interesting flavors.  Not all their dishes are hits, but they are not afraid to try interesting things with some of their ceviches, tiraditos, etc.  The Neo Tokyo roll is tasty an their Yamato roll is very, very good (tuna, foie gras, osetra, and gold leaf).  
-There always seems to be a nice manager checking on us, refolding napkins, etc.

Things that really turn me off about this place:
-It's soooooo expensive!  I'm by no means cheap and am willing to pay for good food that is well prepared.  The Yamato roll, for example, is expensive for a roll, but not for the yumminess of the foie gras.  But, some of their other food is just ok, very small portioned, and way overpriced.  The drinks are weak and are also overpriced. It's like the place thinks it's too cool for its own good.  I feel ripped off every time I go. I might not go anymore, to be honest.
-Douchiness on NYE.  We dropped by for lunch and were presented with a special menu, cutting off nearly everything normal and adding in some $30+ (charged per person) "small plates."  There were no hand rolls or cut rolls available, even with 5 sushi chefs at the bar.  And, to top it off, the orders of sushi are for one piece. One piece of sushi for 5 bucks! No sushi place does that mess!

While I do enjoy some of the food, I don't enjoy the feeling of being ripped off by a place that really thinks it's so cool that it can.  If I'm going to spend $100 for lunch, there are better places with better food.
This place is SOOO good!!!
When we first walked in, the decor is super pretty. Place looks really trendy and it was packed on a Wednesday night. Ambience is very hip and is perfect for a date night or girls night out.

DRINKS
NINA FRESA - our server recommended this drink and its super yummy! its a vodka cocktail drink with strawberries and guava.

FOOD
SALMON SEVICHE - excellent seviche... the sauce has a tangy pineapple taste mixed with a little bit of spice because of the jalapenos. really good appetizer.

BERKSHIRE PORK BELLY ROBATA - i think this is the best out of everything that we ordered. the pork belly is super fatty on the outside (but in a good way) and just melts in your mouth. it has a sweet/salty glaze on top of the meat. this dish is just amazing. i highly recommend this dish.

LAMB CHOP ROBATA - good dish but since they served it with the pork belly, this dish was overshadowed.

BOBO BRAZIL - not your typical sushi roll because they put seared beef on top! this roll is super good though!!! i really recommend this one too.

SAMBA STRIP ROLL - out of all the dishes that we had, i was least impressed with this roll. i ordered it because of the maine lobster but the portion is super small and the taste is bland compared to the price ($19.00). if you really wanna try this dish, i suggest you skip the sauce because it overpowers the maine lobster.

Service is okay and I notice the waitress did not course our meals... Refill on drinks is also a bit slow.
However, I would definitely go back to this place if ever I'm back in Las Vegas. :)
Fantastic flavors, quality service, squishy seating just about sums up my experience. Went here on Saturday night and enjoyed the overall experience. My friend and I started with Miso soup. Then, when looking at the menu, my friend raved about sea bass. I said I wasn't sure if I've had it... this time was memorable. Before we ordered, we asked the waitress what she recommended. She mentioned the Sea Bass and Miso robato to share and a few rolls. We picked one roll not on the menu and the BoBo Brazil. Nom Nom Nom We loved it all. The skewers of sea bass were delicate with nicely flavored sauce. It came with giant corn pieces that were sort of fun and different. The BoBo Brazil roll was very nice - I think I had this particular roll at the Chicago location, the Kobe beef gets me. The sauce on this one was a bit tangy and citrus-y. I think there were The roll that was not on the menu had tempura shirmp inside with crab on top with thinly sliced avocado. The flavors and textures were incredible. Highly recommend this place for a nice meal. My only issue was with the seating. The hostess had to literally shift over the table each tiem she sat a new couple - we were in a tight area full of tables for two. We came on a busy Saturday night, so I also recommend reservations.
Sushi Samba is such a young and hip restaurant with urban Japanese art all over the restaurant which is accompanied by loud upbeat music. The crowd here is pretty young and pretty drunk. haha. The table sitting next to me was cackling the entire time, but I didn't mind. Anyways, enough about the ambiance and decor, let's talk about the food and mannnnn did me and my sister order kind of A LOT. The plates are kind of tapas style so you kinda have to order a lot.

My sister and I were overly excited about Sushi Samba being a Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian restaurant. We ordered a little bit of everything. So here it is:

- Chicken skewers with Peruvian corn and scallops: Very very tasty. Chicken was tender and grilled to perfection! Peruvian corn, who knew such a thing existed, but nonetheless like ordinary corn. I especially liked the scallops because they were lemony and the presentation was so pretty!
- Jumbo shrimp ceviche: way too sweet
- Tuna ceviche: tuna was fresh and soft, not too sweet, but not too bland. 
2 sushi rolls, but I forgot the name, but one of them included kobe beef, I think the Bobo Brazil... and that one was AMAZING!
- Tuna tataki: MUST ORDER. Good presentation, perfect balance of crisp and soft. Tuna was tasty
- Seared wagyu beef: the sauce accompanying this dish is so perfect. The beef and mushroom was so good. 
 
Also try the dessert!

We ordered more stuff, but don't wanna drag this review on. Just know that you should come here before a night of dancing and drinking because Sushi Samba is the perfect place to fill your belly and pre-game!
Pretty good food, we came here for my friend's birthday on our last night in Vegas and we got 3 items, their famous Seabass fish skewers, Sushi and Sashimi Combo platter, and the 5 meats combo. 

The first two came out really early and we finished them with ease, the Seabass is world class (but only two pieces each). The Sushi and Sashimi platter was very good as well. 

The best in my opinion since I'm a huge meat eater was the 5 meat combo platter, they came with sausage, pork, steak. My favorite was definitely the steak! 

The price all together came out to $100 not including tip. Well worth it I'd say as the 5 meat combo really filled us up (3 guys). 

I'll probably be back in the future. 

PS there was so weird video of like 1970's footage playing in the background and thought I'd mention that.
I'd give six stars as well

Eating at Samba Sushi becomes an experience: the interior is more than nice, the reception is great. The service is impeccable: when we were walking to the restaurant, we were wondering whether we'd get the same waitress as the previous  time and ... bingo: hello gentlemen, my name is Isabella and I will be taking care of you tonight, shall I make a suggestion? 

As last time we let her compose us a menu and dish after dish we were wow-ing and oh-my-gosh-this-is-good-ing. She combined a more than delicious menu with the best Sake, had time for a joke and made sure we had a great dinner.

The sushi was the best we'd had this time in Vegas and the meat was the tenderest. Try the beef with the seven Japanese mushroom sauce! Or better, just let the waitress pick your menu!
At first I didn't know about this place because it is located in the middle of a mall, almost, but the bartender was very inviting and the drinks were great!

We stayed for some dinner afterwards and had some unbelievable sushi!
Had reservations and arrived at scheduled time. Was immediately taken to our table. Food was fantastic and the presentation of each dish was lovely. The ladies next to us kept asking what we ordered so that they could order too. We started with the Tuna Ceviche- fantastic! I had the Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca anticuchos (two skewers served with peruvian corn), roasted seasonal vegetables, Samba strip Roll maine lobster. My friend had several sushi rolls-  everything was great! We finished with Rosca homemade doughnuts with hazelnut chocolate dipping sauce and a Warm Chocolate Banana Cake maple butter, banana chip, vanilla rum ice cream. DEVINE!!!!!!!!!! I had 2 beers and my friend had sake- dinner for 2 was a bit pricey (thus the 4 stars) but service was very good.The place is very loud, music pulsates the whole time and the video loop playing on the walls is a bit odd- it's hard to have a conversation. I want to go again and try some more dishes!
I was expecting a mind blowing meal, but ended up just blowing a $100 on mediocre sushi and apps. The rock shrimp was good and the red miso was ok too. Save your money on the pork belly ramen, it'sa big portion and  spicy but not that good. Sushi, which is why we went there, was ok at best. I think everyone had one piece and didn't bother finishing the rolls. Would maybe head back for a happy hour but not for a dinner.
classy. dim. convenient. tons of LCD tvs. great food.

i recommend the 25$ teriyaki chicken. the way sushisamba prepares chicken teriyaki is unlike any restaurant that ive ever been to. i was expecting some cookie cutter skimpy chicken teriyaki. but to my surprise the chicken teriyaki came on top of a pile of purple mash potatoes and tasted AMAZING. the chicken was flavored perfectly and.. it melted in my mouth. moist, juicy, tender, man did i enjoy chewing that day. in combination with the mash potatoes makes for a most savory dish. 

sushi is also a good option here. sushisamba sushi comes lightly wrapped in rice rather than how sushi restaurants ordinarily fill their rolls with rice. i liked that. it accentuated the other ingredients such as kobe beef, caviar etc. we pretty much ordered all the rolls and each one was different from the next. although i cant say i enjoyed the kobe beef one as it was kind of bland. also, i wouldnt recommend the oysters because its quite ordinary.
I've been to SUSHISAMBA twice, and although the food is amazing, I absolutely do not recommend coming here with a large group of people.  The first time I came with a group of 4 and it was so great, I demanded to go again the next time I went to Vegas.

However, this time, with 14 people, the staff was incredibly rude to us and made it extremely apparent that they did not care about us, because we would need to pay the 20% gratuity anyway.  Dining with a group of people with extremely varied tastes, we wanted to order ala carte from the menu...a simple request.  

However, the waiter/maitre d refused to let us do so, and kept pushing for us to go with the "tasting sampler" which would be customized to our tastes.  He kept trying to haggle down the price, which wasn't the issue.  The issue was that some of us wanted only high quality sashimi and rolls and others did not eat raw fish.  Eventually we gave in because we had been arguing with him for nearly 45 minutes.  He promised that there would be "lots of sushi," and food started to come, without ever asking us what types of food we liked.  Eventually sushi did come...4 very, very small rolls, with the cheapest types of fish possible.

Although the food they brought out was good and I tried things that I would probably not have ordered, I wanted to eat the things I did like in large quantities, as did the rest of the people in my group.  If I'm going to pay as much as food at SUSHISAMBA costs, it better damn well be things I actually want to eat.  We probably would have spent more money ordering what we actually wanted anyway.

I have never dealt with service being so pushy and so unresponsive to our requests.  This trip definitely made me rethink my previous love of the restaurant, I'm not sure if I'll be back.
I want to like this place SO MUCH.  The food that we got was delicious (the sea bass skewers are amazingly soft and flaky, and the black truffle sauce that comes with the fried green beans is TDF), BUT the service we got was horrible.  Our server was fine--she was upbeat and tried to work with our wants, but whomever it was that also talked to us was horrible.  

To be fair, we were a large group (about 14 or 15), and understandably it is hard to accommodate such a large group, let alone trying to get our food out at the same time.  Honestly, I could care less if my food came out at the same time as the people I had been sitting with.  Before we could even look at the menus to see what was available a la carte, the restaurant pushed us into this 'tasting menu' that would "incorporate our tastes as well as some of their classic dishes"--sounds fine, but in a group of 14 or 15 people who have VERY varied tastes, that is almost impossible to do.  To begin with, some of our group members didn't eat any raw fish, and others were basically only interested in raw fish.  We eventually agreed to this tasting menu just out of an unwillingness to continue "fighting".  They tried to appease by sending us some shooters and edamame, grilled shishito peppers, and fried green beans to start.  Great, and thanks, but still not the best service you could ask for at a restaurant like here. 

If this rating were about the food only, I would give it 5 stars.  The food really is delicious, and the decor (while strange) goes well with the feel that the restaurant seems to be going for.  The pork in our meat sampler platter was overdone and dry, but two types of beefs that were perfectly cooked made up for it.  The appetizer of some sort of spicy tempura rock shrimp salad was moist with the perfect amount of chewiness and spring; it's spicy, but not in the give-me-milk-to-guzzle-now way.  The sushi that we were served, however, was pretty sub-standard.  I'm sure this was because it had to fall in line with our tasting menu price point (which somehow got haggled down); honestly, I did not come to SushiSamba just to get spicy tuna rolls.. I could get that anywhere. 

In short, come here if you're in a small group.  The food really is worth it, many times over.  I'm sure it will be a far more amazing trip than the one I had in a large group.
thought all the nicer vegas strip restaurants should have more quality....
guess i will stick to having sashimi / sushi in LA!!!
I love Sushi Samba and the food and drinks are great, but the service and overall dining experience of this trip was HORRENDOUS. 

First of all, the girl next to us had her shoes off and it was sitting right next to us and she was sitting cross-legged the whole dinner. And to make the situation even trashier, at the end of dinner, she asked us for a piece of food from our plate to show her date a trick. 

Our waiter was friendly, but he never checked on us and seemed like a ditz. ALL our dishes came out at once so we were busy shoving our faces with food so the food wouldn't get too warm, cold, soggy, etc. And then all of a sudden our dishes stopped and it turns out they forgot half our order. Our waiter should have checked up on us and made sure all the dishes were okay, but he had no clue as to what was going on. We were so disappointed and angry especially since the dinner was $300+. I don't expect stellar service from McDonald's but I expect good, quality service from a nice restaurant.
Awesome experience - great food, funky ambiance, fun vibe.
Highly recommend the yellowtail crispy taquitos, sashimi tiradito (kanpachi with yozu sauce), side of peruvian corn, Green envy and Carnaval rolls. The cava float cocktail, Beijo, was also delicous (more on the sweet side). We went there twice in two days - look forward to going there again next time we're in Vegas!
My favorite thing about this restaurant is the option of having a "custom menu." For a flat per person fee, you can ask your waiter (ours was Max, who was incredibly attentive and friendly) to order your food for you. As a restaurant with three kitchens (Japanese, Brazillian & Peruvian, don't quote me on that last one), the diversity of dishes you can consume is great. 

Every time a dish was brought out for us, Max would sit down for a couple seconds and explain each dish. It was really fun not knowing what came out next! For about $70/person (with tip) we got:

dumplings and ceviche
four types of sashimi
Peruvian corn & grilled miso seabass
albacore tuna roll & el topo roll
braised duck breast with Japanese mushrooms

All of which were AMAZING. Do the "custom menu." It's what makes this place unique and fun!
Perfect for large parties. You can give your server a per person budget, and they will design the menu accordingly. We did a 20 person party at $40 a person, and everyone went away satisfied. They will also accomodate dietary restrictions and preferences. For example, two guests didn't want any sushi, so they compensated with extra meat dishes for them. 

For dessert, you MUST try the Churros and Hot Cocoa... Heaven!
One word . Wow........
If you want to try some sushi that's prepared with a delightful spin then this place is perfect for you. The atmosphere resembles a club more than a high class restaurant.  It's filled with fast-paced dance music and most of the guests are dressed like they are ready for the club after dinner. 

The defining feature of the restaurant comes from its mixture of Japanese and Brazilian cuisine. Our server recommended the seviches and tiraditos; since we couldn't decide which one to get we ordered both! Seviches are sashimi served in a fruit/salsa. We had tiger shrimp in a mango salsa and tuna with grapefruit and jalapenos. The sashimi was super fresh and I loved the fruit/salsa combo.  It was sweet and refreshing. Tiraditos are sashimi immersed in a tangy sauce, probability the only dish I wasn't too fond of though.  The sauce was too sour and it overwhelmed the fish. 

If eating an endangered animal does not affect your conscience I would highly recommend the Chilean sea bass skewers. The fish was amazing, the meat practically flakes off on its own and the unagi sauce was so Umami! 

I saved the best for last. imagine eating all of the finest food: foie gras, caviar and gold?!?! all in one bite. Hurry to Sushisamba and order the Yamato roll.  At first the combination of those above ingredient wrapped in a tuna roll may seem excessive, but it absolutely worked.  It is the best roll I ever had.  The caviar and gold were subtle, but the foie gras, infused its smoky buttery flavor to an otherwise ordinary but fresh tuna roll, made it special. I would like to add, the foie gras was one of the finest I have ever eaten and it came from a SUSHI restaurant.

Try Sushisamba if you are in Vegas to get a delectable and unique sushi experience.
SushiSamba

SushiSamba is an Asian Fusion type of Restaurant.  It takes the combination of Japanese, Brizilian and Peruvian cuisine to create their menu.  After attending a show in the area we had the craving for some Sushi.  We had decided on Sushisamba.

When we got there I think we were in between meals (lunch / dinner) so the place was now crowded.  It was kind of good like that, because it wasn't too loud and plenty of tables to select from.  Kind of dark, but yet nice ambiance.  A little music in the background, not too loud which allows you to have a nice comfortable conversation.  Not too dark to the point where you couldn't see what you were eating.  Here is what we decided to order:


Rock Shrimp Tempura 
Golden pea shoot, snap pea jullienne, spicy mayo, black truffle vinaigrette 18.00
Tasty...think I like this dish the best.  4 stars

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=YfPESP5vVgqKCRts_w9uKQ

Sea Bass and Miso  
Sea Bass on a skewer
Tasty and flavorful, the sauce was on the sweet side.  But when your hungry your hungry.  4 stars

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=qyYOuNCdfMW8winJG3KKZQ

Yellowtail jalapeo and lemongrass 14.00
This dish...I really didn't get to taste but a piece of....but the Yellowtail seem to have been warmer than room temperature.  Normally they are served slightly below room temperature.  
Overall 3.5 stars.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=pld_gLNKWlhXqqZuMCerHw

Green Envy 
tuna, salmon, asparagus, wasabi pea crust, aji amarillo-key lime mayo 13.00
This dish was nicely prepared.  A good mixture of the Salmon and Tuna.
Overall 3.5 stars

Rainbow Dragon 
freshwater eel, red bell pepper, cucumber, mango, avocado 15.00
I've had better Rainbow Dragon Rolls....but it was good enough to pass the average taste level for me.  
Overall 3.5 stars

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=XH1kDM59gYRAqYPJ2lVnqQ

Overall dinning experience was excellent.
I'm glad they had such a nice ambiance.
Our service was excellent.
Our drinks were good.
Suggestions and recommendation from our waiter was on point.
Will return when in Vegas.
Overall rating / experience -  4 stars.
Colorful & tasteful with a new twist. A wonderful dining experience with fresh and tasty sushi new-style. 
Love it.
I had high expectations for SushiSamba, and I was very disappointed with my experience there.

Service: Rude.

Food: There was nothing wrong with the sushi.  But there was nothing spectacular that would warrant SushiSamba's price and reputation.  The fish didn't taste that fresh, and the rolls weren't anything revolutionary -- I could have gotten any of those rolls at a lower-end Japanese restaurant in SF.  It definitely wasn't authentic Japanese, and it absolutely failed at any attempt of being Asian Fusion.

Not sure why this place has so many good reviews, to be quite honest.
You heard that I was starting over with someone new,
They told you I was moving on over you,
You didn't think that I'd come back ,i'd come back swinging
You try to break me but you see...at SUSHI SAMBA! - Kelly Clarkson (stronger)

This place is amazing! The restaurant is dark and fun and there's a lot of menu choices. I chose the sea bass with a soy glaze and a bunch of different vegetables and it was really good. The food came out in a very timely manner as well as service was spot on. I also ordered some dessert thingie with dark chocolate and white chocolate mousse with ice cream and sprinkles of small chocolate balls on top. 

Since this is vegas ill explain a little of my ratings for each one:
Food: 5 stars - no complaints at all, very good
Service: 5 stars - fulfilled all my requests and did so in a very timely manner
Atmosphere: 5 stars - nice and dark and cozy
Price (value): 4 stars -It compares with all the other restaurants out there that look like this
Japanese/Brazilian fusion is an intriguing concept.  The good: green bean tempura with black truffle aioli, antichuco tenderloin with Peruvian corn, and warm banana chocolate pie.  As far as sushi rolls go: just because you combine a bunch of flavors together doesn't necessarily make them tasty.  The king crab roll with pear was downright odd.  It was served with some type of avocado crema that was not complementary to the crab.  Everything overpowered the fish, in fact I'm not even sure if the roll contained fish.  A green envy roll advertised a wasabi pea crust that I thought would give it crunch. Negative.  Just a light dusting to give the roll yet again an odd flavor.  If you enjoy more traditional Japanese sushi this will not satisfy the craving. However, for light appetizers and drinks this makes for a good spot.
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food at SushiSamba. My friend who was there before, ordered for all of us and his choices were impeccable. We started out with a house complimentary appetizer  of scallops with pesto and the feast continue on. Top dishes for me were sauteed Hamachi and Sea Bass skewers that we washed down with an excellent bottle of a cold pressed sake.The restaurant decor is  a bit dark but very pleasing on the eye with video of Brazil and Peru projected on walls. The only downside to the dining experience was service that started out a bit rough but then picked up and ended up better. So I cannot give this place 5 Stars although the food really deserves it. I will definitely be back  there when I am in Vegas
Came back here for the 3rd time and it was still as good as the first. The tuna tacos are so gooooooood. One of my favorite spots in Vegas.
I've heard alot of meh reviews of this place but I still wanted to try it out to give them a fair shot.

My friends were right....

Overpriced Sushi that wasn't all that great.

Got this roll that literally fell apart when I tried to pick it up with chopsticks.

Had maybe 3-4 different rolls but they all somehow all tasted the same and I couldnt tell them apart.

Not gonna come back
I'm not a huge fan of "fusion," but I've got to say, this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas, bar nun.  The Rock Shrinp Tempura is simply amazing; sort of a "buffalo" wing type spicy taste, a little crisp, tender and spectacular.    The Lobster taquitos, wth Lemon and avodaco....!!!!!  Who invented this?!?  Spectabulus!  And their Sushi, itself, is a s fresh, fragrant, and laced with texture as good as any place I've eaten.
I came here on a saturday night for dinner to celebrate my 25th birthday with the best of company, fun entertainment, and delicious food!!! I'd been here before but always sat in the front of the restaurant... had NO clue how HUGE this place was!!! We sat in the very back (where it seems many of the large birthday parties were seated) The ambiance of the restaurant is very dark and jungle esque (if i remember correctly o.o) lol very ruckusy and vegas appropriate! There were drummers and scandalous (but h0t) dancers going up and down the aisles which provided for the fun entertainment.  But enough of that, on to the main event. 

We had a party of 6 and decided it best to do as our super nice server suggested, omakase style :) 
- Cucumber cocktail on the house!!! They brought each of us a mini cocktail to start the meal off! Very nice and considerate of them! nice and refreshing and definitely got my appetite going :) 
- A trio appetizer platter consisting of well salted edamame, roasted shito peppers, and deep fried string beans served in the most delicious chipotle aoli sauce (all 3 were delicious but I think my favorite would have to be the roasted shito peppers with a drizzle of lime juice for a nice kick)
- Yellowtail Sashimi MINI TACOS!!! These were sooo fun and delicious! Great fushion idea! The restaurant is VERY accommodating, we mentioned to them 1 of the girls is allergic to cilantro so they brought out a special lobster taco for just for her! The flavors were bold and the taco shell was nice and crispy.  But I think I still enjoy DOS CAMINO'S mini tacos better...those are to.die.for.  
- Ahi tuna over a piece of bamboo and basil leaf.  This was an interesting combination.  Probably my least favorite dish of the night.  The basil leaf was a bit overwhelming and covered the taste of the ahi too much. 
- Filet Mignon with oversized asparagus.  The meat was tender and very well cooked, very pink in the middle.  I'm not a big beef eater so I only ate the edges of the piece but my friends seemed to enjoy it.  Definitely not one of the top dishes of the night but was still yummy.  The ASPARAGUS however, was QUITE delicious!! they probably cooked it in butter... hahaha i'll take it :) A good bite on the outside and nice and tender on the inside! 
- Sea Bass with oversized Peruvian corn!!! YUMMMY!!!! The sea bass was nice and flaky.  Flavoring was a bit salty but I feel like at these restaurants they tend to do that a bit...i mean, everyones a bit intoxicated so salty foods are what people want LOL The peruvian corn was just really fun to eat!! My friends really enjoyed it but I definitely like summer sweet white corn on the cob better :) 
- MUSHROOM POT ON CRACK. THIS WAS DEFINITELY THE SHOW STOPPER OF THE NIGHT!!! the flavoring of the sauce, the textures of the 3? 4? different mushrooms. happiness. The sauce was like a cream of mushroom, milky, full flavored, salty, a hint of sweetness... too good. needless to say we all took a bite and just smiled in satisfaction. We all stared at each other and knew rice was needed to soak up all that bomb sauce!! 
- 4 different Sushi Rolls were brought out last (3.5 stars).  All 4 were decent, nothing really to rave much about unfortunately. :(  I'm a big big sushi lover and have had some off the chart rolls so I can't pretend these were anything to die for.  

***The first time I came my friend ordered for the table and I definitely think that made a difference.  They have some REALLY scrumptious dishes that I wish I could've ordered for my friends to try!! Perhaps next time!! I'll be more prepared lol 

OVERALL RATINGS:
Food - 3.75 stars (except for the mushroom pot on crack... 4.5 stars for that)
Food (for the first time I came) - 4.25 stars! 
Drink - 4 stars for the cucumber cocktail & bottle of Santa Margaritta Pino Grigio
Presentation - 4 stars
Service & Ambiance - 4 stars

I gave this place 4 stars mainly because I had a great time that night, and the company I kept definitely played a big part in that.  The food IS goood, just a bit $$$$.  Its definitely a GREAT place to go with a group thats just looking for some good eats, good drinks, and a great time :O) BOTTOM LINE: I'd DEFINITELY GO BACK AGAIN!!
We came here on our second night in Vegas. It came highly recommended from several friends, and I was excited to try it! It's Japanese and Brazilian fusion, which sounded exotic and awesome.

We had a reservation, and I am quite thankful for that. It was PACKED by the time we got there. The hostess seated us immediately. The tables were all a little close to each other, and you did sort of feel like you were sitting with a bunch of strangers!

Our waitress was awesome and knew the menu inside and out. She had some great suggestions (which we ordered).

We had the wagyu beef sashimi (which they had to make twice because they messed up the first time). It was delicious. Next, we had the pork belly, which was just ok. I don't think I'd get it again. Then we had the yellowtail ceviche tacos, which were amazing. Finally, we ordered two rolls, the bobobrazil and the neo tokyo. I loved both of them.

For dessert, we ordered the mochi. It was OUT OF CONTROL. By far the best mochi I have ever tasted. 

I had prosecco and my boyfriend ordered a beer. It went well with our food.

I'm excited to try the location in Chicago!!!!
This is a fusion of so many foods that it can be confusing. But we had a great time for a party of 6 with reservations at 7pm on a Saturday night. The highlight is their intermission of Samba dancers coming around. The service was really on point as well.

Food: is fusion so if you want fish, meat or chicken you can have it all. Portions are tini tiny but very tasteful. 

Drinks: very good!! Ask for the signature drinks of Brazil or Peru and you will be surprised.
We had the BEST dinner, and I mean BEST dinner I've ever had at SushiSamba Las Vegas.  I've eaten at their NY location and it was great, but this was literally one of the best meals I've ever had.   

First, make sure you get Isabella as your waitress.  She is fantastic, and took great care of us.  

Second, let her do the ordering for you.   Just set her loose and let her take over.  This is absolutely key!  

She brought out the best mix of foods and everything just paired so well together.   

She started us with a plate of sushi, and then some BBQ, and then back to fish, and on and on.   Each plate complemented the next dish so perfectly, plus she kept the drinks filled.

We had to be rolled out of there, and I felt like I could have kept eating it was so good.

There are a lot of places to eat at in Vegas, but it was so good that we had to come back the next night for another round.
The dinner was fantastic. I had a hard time choosing so I had the waitress choose. She picked the spicy tuna sushi.  Pork Gioza, salt and pepper squid, sea bass. Everything was great until we decided not to have dessert. The waitress's attitude completely changed.
This place made me feel like a rock star. Go to the one in Chicago, or in Vegas and you WILL have one of the best meals of your entire live!

Make your res on OpenTable and get in no prob.
This place is amazing....
Seriously? Four tiny pieces in the $14 yellow tail ceviche?  Ripp off.
Hamachi Kama , sea bass and miso, kanpachi (yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil), edamame.  This was a nice Japanese Restaurant find in Vegas.  It would be nice to go back and try to find some of the other dishes.
Food is too expensive. Over priced. Only 1 star.
Service is ok. 3 stars.
I don't recommend this restaurant.
My friend wanted to celebrate her tax return and take me to lunch (hooray for me!!) She wanted to have sushi on the Strip, well mostly all the sushi restaurants on the Strip don't open until dinner, except SUSHISAMBA, so that's where we landed.  While we waited for them to open, I was scoping yelp reviews to see what we should order. The Peruvian Corn seemed to be the #1 suggestion, so that's what we started out with.  Neither  one of us were impressed, sorry to say, but I felt like I was eating just a giant piece of corn kernal. But it was all uphill from there. 

Our server, Drago, was very attentive and full of suggestions, he had asked if we dined here before and I told him I had been to the one in Miami, then he said he would bring us something on the house for coming back. When I tell you, you MUST order these, I'm not exaggerating, they were excellent, not on the menu, Peruvian Bay Scallops, prepared differently than the one on the menu. They were so good we had to order another round. I am a huge fan of yellowtail, so we ordered the Yellowtail taquitos, so tasty, I loved the crunch that the mini taco shell added to the yellowtail flavor. Next up was a table favorite as well, Sea Bass Miso, it melted in your mouth.  I was skeptical at first, they are served on a skewer, so I wasn't expecting the amazing flavor I tasted when I took my first bite. Drago suggested the El Topo roll, both of us like hot,, super spicy food, this roll had a nice kick at the end, I normaily don't like any kind of dairy on my sushi rolls, i.e. cream cheese, etc....but this had melted mozzarella, it was excellent. Then came the grand finale, my friend is a HUGE Kobe beef fan so she wanted to try the Wagyu beef, excellent grade A5, Ishi Yaki hot stone, dipping sauces, vegetables. presentation was so nice, lots of different sauces to try.  DESSERT, yes we still had room for dessert, we tried the Peruvian Hot Chocolate con Crme served with traditional churros and the Coco Duo dark and white chocolate custard with praline. The second one was by far the best. A must. Also try the house made iced tea, they mix fresh orange juice, lime juice and lemon with black tea.....think I drank a pitcher of it.  Good food, service, ambiance!
BEST JAPANESE FUSION I'VE EATEN....EVER!!!! With my husband being Japanese, he has very high standard for Japanese food. We absolutely LOVED this place! We ordered 5 different things from the main dinner menu and it was all AMAZING! The chocolate banana cake for dessert is to die for! So in love with this place. I can't wait to visit Vegas again just to eat there!
Treat yourself and your friends and Eat Here!
If you suggest this place, your friends and loved ones will be forever thankful.

Conveniently, located inside the Palazzo, SushiSamba is one word, amazing!
It not only offers great food, but you get to dine in a cool setting in an awesome Hotel.
The tables are kinda cramped, but the great food and great service are worth dealing with the minor inconvenience. 

I definitely recommend the small plates and the Miso Sea Bass. Delicious!
Utilize Opentable, and you won't have to wait for a table.
Something for everyone- try the seered wagu beef appetizer
Best sushi place in town.  The rolls are fresh and unique.  The environment is pretty cool.  Only one issue... the music is always too loud.
amazing food! amazing drink menu! high $$ but definitely worth it!
The food was inspired, delicious and beautifully presented. The atmosphere was classy, and yet sexy. The service was perfect. I had one of the best meals--actually one of the best experiences, I've had in years. Bravo!
Wow! This was definitely the highlight of our trip!  The atmosphere is amazing, very cool and hip.  Our waitress was probably the best we've ever had; she was friendly, fast, and so helpful with recommending items from the menu.  

We had the Edamame to start, and they were perfectly done with a delicious sprinkle of sea salt & lime. Miso soup was yummy.   We then tried the Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca, and the Peruvian corn was scrumptious!  We had a Samba Strip Roll & a Green Envy roll... OMG, so good!  

For dessert we had the Chocolate Fondue.  Such a cute presentation, and simply a delicious finish to our meal.

When we got our bill, we were surprised at how much we had spent, but we both agreed it was completely worth every penny! Best meal we've had in Vegas, by far!
Pretty pretty good (in the famous words of Larry David)...food was very good however, not sure what was going on with the service.  Server was very friendly and knowledgable; however, we ordered 5-6 apps / sushi rolls in waves...everything came out at once.  Small table for two and the entire table was filled with plates.  Hmmm...not ideal.  The tempura green beans were excellent. Everything else was pretty good.  I'd go back fo' sho'...
Sushi rice here is always dry. It might not be their fault. It might just be the air in Vegas. I wouldn't go here for the sushi, but the A5 grade steak cooked at the table on the stone was delicious. Other stuff ... well, I've had better.
Wife and I found this place in September and hit it 3 times in 3 days. Back in December and now tonight. Mari at bar is the bomb. Not only is food excellent, service is awesome.  Just witnessed them staff jump on customer service issue. Love this place. .
Cannot say enough good things about this spot!  We came here for happy hour, which had cheap caiprinhas and small plates at the bar!  We ordered some steak skewers, a shrimp appetizer, and an umeshisho roll.  The apps were awesome (as ere the $6 caiprinhas and cucumber martini!), but they were out of umeshisho rolls.  The manager and bartender went way out of their way to make up for it, comping our martini, offering a free set of kobe beef tacos (to DIE for) and another pair of free drinks made with muddled strawberries.  Girly?  Undoubtedly.  Delicious?  Ohhh yeah!
This was the BEST!!! The food was freakin awesome! Our waitress was really flirty & friendly. We had her create our menu. She made great recommendations & coordinated a great fusion of everything from appetizers & entrees. Everything tasted sooo delicious. I loved the sushi, coconut rice and the mini taco. It took awhile for the food to come but the ambiance was entertaining & it was worth waiting for.
I have dined here 4 times in the last four months! The food is outstanding. Gotta try the Porkbelly Ramen, and their Tempura batter, which they make themselves is so light and tasty. The service has been great every time. Celebrated our daughter's 21st birthday and they made it very memorable! Highly recommend!
When it comes to asian fusion food, I could probably find nothing better than Sushi Samba.  Some colleagues and myself decided to meet here for a dinner meeting and overall, atmosphere, waiting service, selection of food, and cleanliness all surpassed expectations.  I do admit though, that a) I was not ready for the bill, and b) ultimately, there's better value elsewhere.  

I'll explain: 

The location is extremely convenient being in the middle of the Venetian Palazzo so it literally was down the elevator and to the left from my room.  The setting was a hip new age laced with asian motif. However, I felt rushed to a certain degree due to the cramptness (3 of us were 6' or taller and over 200lbs) and also the extreme business of waiter + customers + waiting line out the front.  We decided to ask the waitress to order for us as we were more interested in business discussion than the food itself, and felt that we passed on the message that we were looking for 3-4 appetizers or so to whet our palette and no more.  Yes, out came 4 dishes (to this day I'm not sure if it was the main or appy), and absolutely, each dish was delicious.  The braised pork was perfectly cooked with some searing on the edges to caramalize the sugars.  The fried shrimp was well done without any 'oily' taste or textures.  Skewered fish was the highlight of the affair in my opinion as the fish was neither too well done making it tough, or raw on the inside.  And finally, the sushi (hamachi, sake, tamago, and toro) was put together fairly well although I thought the cuts were a little thin for my taste.  

The bill ended up to be just over $300 for three people without any alcohol.  It's not cheap folks.  It's definitely a personal feeling thing but at $300 I'm expecting more... I was feeling the dinner's value was no more than $60 per person and not $100+ per person.  I'd take the extra $40 per person and put it into a taxi cab fare to go to different place but then again, that's only because my value of convenience is probably lower than most.

Food - A+
Service - A+
Atmosphere - B+
Cleanliness - A
Value - B
My boyfriend and I decided to have dinner here after seeing the reviews on yelp and based on the fact that it was in walking distance of our hotel. The atmosphere was nice, the service was decent and the sushi wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything spectacular to write home about. I'm aware that everything around the Vegas strip is going to be pretty expensive, but considering the price, I was greatly disappointed, it's definitively not worth the money, we left feeling completely unsatisfied.
The service is sub-par, the food is mediocre, and way way overpriced. When I was in Vegas four months ago, we ate at Sushi Roku in The Forum Shops, and were blown away by everything- you can't get anything like that back in Pennsylvania! Since my fiance and I love sushi, we figured we'd explore some more of what Vegas had to offer this time sushi-wise, and settled on Sushisamba.

We were more or less ignored during our stay, waited nearly five minutes for soy sauce, had our meals come out before our appetizer, and were only checked on once
This is my favorite sushi fusion restaurant!  I have been to all their locations: Vegas, Chicago, NYC x2, Miami, and even Tel Aviv.  I love each and everyone and am always left satisified.  Being from LA, I make it a priority each time I am in one of these cities to go to Sushi Samba.  I always get the same staple items: Peruvian Corn, Shishito peppers, yellow tail taquitos, Neo Tokyo Roll, and random other things I am in the mood for.  On top of their amazing food, I love their drinks.  I'm a huge mojito lover and they have one of the best mojitos I have ever had.  The service is always great and the atmosphere is always fun!  Great place to go when in Vegas.  Music was also amazing.
This may go down in the annals as one of the best meals of my life. I knew as soon as I read the description for SushiSamba that the fusion thing would provide the party atmosphere I wanted for my birthday dinner and I was right!

We started with the cocktail tower at the suggestion of our server (whose name I can't remember because I suck and she was AWESOME) who also provided an additional taste on the house. AMAZING. 

So I'm sure you've heard of fish tacos. But have you heard of yellowtail taquitos?! These were freaking amazing. Mini tacos filled with insanely flavorful yellowtail sashimi and a bunch of other yummy stuff. GET THEM. Besides, baby tacos? Cute. We ordered a bunch of other small plates and a ton of sushi, the names of which I cannot remember. The shrimp ceviche and crab gyoza were also amaaaaazzzzinnnnggg! 

Because it was my birthday, I was surprised with a sparkling (literally, there was a sparkler sticking out of it) dessert that I was nice enough to share.

Everything about SushiSamba was on-point, from the food to the service to the atmosphere. It was so much fun and the best way to celebrate a birthday.

P.S. Did I say AMAZING enough?
We celebrated my birthday this year at SushiSamba and it was exceptional. The best way to enjoy the menu here is to ask the waiter order the food for you. 

If you give them a set $$ amount that you want to spend they really stay within that figure and help you enjoy a variety of their dishes. More than you probably would if you tried to attempt on your own. 

Starting off the meal was a trio of veggie dishes including Green Bean Tempura with Black Truffle Oil. Happiness. We all loved that and ended up dipping everything we could into the Truffle Oil.

For the main course we had a selection of 5 different meats with a variety of dipping sauces including two types of chimichurri, one red and one green. The red had more of a vinegar flavor to it. Different than traditional but still delicious.

Sides included collard greens and peruvian corn. 

As a last course we were given 3 large cut rolls of sushi including the El Topo. A must if you want to experience salmon and crispy onions together. Very different and quite delicious. 

Obviously we had cocktails as it was my birthday, so my sister and I both ordered the Chu Cumber "chu-tini" and it was beyond. Anything with elderflower in it is refreshing and light and makes me want to jump on a plane to the most lazy, tropical destination possible.

The waiter also threw in a sparkling (literally) Coco Duo dessert for my birthday. 

Service was great and we were all a very happy group by the time we headed out to see Jabbawokeez!!
Not any more overpriced than other places around here and we had a very sweet server who did everything perfectly.  Hamachi taco starter and something else that was apparently forgettable.  I had a chefs selection of sushi which included a roll which I've also forgotten the name of.  I'm realizing this isn't the best of reviews but I tend to be relatively picky a d this place was all right.
If you're willing to spend a little more on sushi, Sushisamba will be the only place you go to eat sushi from now on. Who would have ever thought that Japanese/Brazilian fusion would taste so delicious. 

Hands down, the Samba strip is the best sushi roll I have ever had in my life. Literally, after I went on my birthday I had dreams about the roll for the next week. Lobster, mangos, chives, rice, and peanut curry are my new found addiction. Realize that you only live once and because of that you deserve to try the better things in life. You have not lived until you have had two samba strips! Contrast the sushi with the five meats churrasco for a truly excellent meal.
Their signature roll saved them from a 2 star review.  Reading the reviews and consistency of solid reviews, I thought I found the spot!  Once there, the overpriced menu and sake list reminded me I was in Vegas, a place that should not have to be this expensive, I mean come on, people are handing money hand over fist at the tables, don't gouge us at the restaurants.  Nigiri was priced per piece at a rate higher than I'm used to paying for 2 pieces.  The rolls were decent, I liked the spicy tuna version they served, a little unique, the eel avocado was good.  My main complaint is that they are a decent sushi spot, nothing extraordinary, and their prices are simply too high.  However, the samba roll, with Maine Lobster, mango and some other delightful flavors that created a party on my palate, bumped them to 3 stars.  Great roll, $19, but that one was special.
Best sushi in town. Service is always the best and management very professional. Chef Bobby as well as the excecutive chef are very friendly and great cooks. All around best place to eat and have a great time. As for ther bartenders they are all great ....Theres one that is super short i think his name is Yaz like the birth control whos not able to reach when hes done making a drink so he has to ask a taller bartender to hand us our drinks. But about his drinks he makes are amazing! Hes just short!!!!!!!!!!! Liza is the best there as well handles everything very professional and gives great big hugs even the first time she meets you! great place
If you're not willing to read the extended version of my review, just know this...
If you are a true sushi enthusiast, you must go to Sushi Samba to experience the most PHENOMENAL SUSHI ever!

My boyfriend and I got to Sushi Samba at around 12am on Saturday. It was packed with pretty people and the DJ was bumpin' the beats! We didn't need a reservation and were seated quickly. If you're like us and willing to splurge on a palate party sensation, then continue on with reading my review.

We were greeted by our fabulously bubbly (*not in an annoying way*) and knowledgeable server Isabella Monstrous (she gave me her business card *how cute is that*). She recommended the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos (they look more like mini tacos really)...man was she SPOT ON! These little tasty tacos were filled with fresh yellowtail pieces that were swimming in spicy aji panca sauce and fresh lime! They were so delish we decided to get a second order. Then we continued on our tasting tour with the following dishes that were the highlights of our night (we ordered more than this, but I don't want to write a colossal review):

* Assortment of four - *My Favorites!!!
o Yellowtail (Jalapeo and lemon grass)*
o Kanpachi (Yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil*)
o Tuna (granny smith apple, serrano, lime)*
o Salmon (orange and mustard miso)

* Seared Wagyu Beef* (ponzu gele, warm japanese mushroom, truffled tofu crema)
o This was my absolute favorite thing of the night!!!! This sauce was amazing over the Coconut Rice (flavors were savory, not sweet, coconut flavor was not over powering). The Wagyu beef was so buttery and melted in my mouth. 
* Rock Shrimp (creamy and crispy deliciousness)
* Dessert - Samba Split
o I cannot even begin to describe how exceptional this dessert was! I was pretty tipsy by the end of our dinner thanks to a 720 bottle of Komotsuru sake ($115, but so worth it, fruity, light flavor and gold flakes don't come cheap). All I remember is decadent coconutty and dulce de leche creamy goodness! Seriously, when I took my first bite it was like..."COME ON, REALLY?" I wanted to get another. Thank goodness for my boyfriend's fatty prevention intervention! Good lookin' out my man!

Overall we loved this place because the tapas style servings were perfect for a couple who wanted to try a little of everything. Their Brazilian play on sushi fusion is quite genius and it works! 

The restaurant is bright and beautiful and most importantly the attentive and knowledgeable servers and wait staff make your meal so much more enjoyable! Our bill including tip was over $400, but I truly feel like it was worth every penny! My boyfriend and I will definitely be going back to Sushi Samba the next time we're in Vegas!
Went for my first time with a group of 7 and was blown away at the service, ambiance and not to mention the food was AH-MAZING. I've been to a lot of top notch sushi restaurants, and this was probably the most unique concept with Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian inspired dishes. 

With a group of 7 with a variety of tastes, likes and dislikes, one of the best things Sushi Samba does is offer a chef's selection of 3 or 4 courses based on (A) how much each person wants to spend (we chose $40/person) and (B) what each person likes, dislikes, is allergic to, etc. and (C) how many courses (we did 3).

We didn't know what to expect, but the first course/starters came out and there was a piece of each starter for each person (don't you hate when there is an odd number?!) and the girl who likes chicken over fish got a steak skewer instead of raw tuna. The second course included this fabulous Peruvian grilled and butter sauteed corn that I am seriously in love with. Each kernel is the size of your index fingernail, sweet and lightly grilled for a slight chewy texture. Where can I find this at my local grocer or farmers market?! The third course included a variety of sushi including non-fish, non-raw rolls for the non-fish eaters in our group. 

We were a hungry bunch and left very happy. Bring your appetite because the portions are nice. Service was 5 stars with attentive staff start to finish. Our server came by regularly to check-in, the staff orchestrated plate and settings changes after each course, and we even got a complimentary strawberry vodka drink on the house.
Compared to Miami's, it is not what you'd expect. Miami's food is much fresher, much better prepared, much better presented, much better tasting.  Had the miso bass anticucho, which was not as fresh as I am used to have it, and the elote was overcooked and not fresh either, like almost mushy.  

Also had a caipiriha type of drink with mushed berries.., aweful! Couldn't swallow and I am not able to tell what it was about it.

Loved, however, the pineapple turnover.  Was perfectly made, as big as the palm of your hand, not too sweet, not too sour, perfect texture and consistency, plain quite delicious.  

The restaurant is very dark, lots of dark wood.., the bar is like a piece of tree trunk.., the waitstaff does not seem to have any sense of style, although I have to say everyone was very, very nice.., but the point is that it is not what you expect once you have been to the more stylish, chic restaurant in Miami Beach.  

Also, the bathrooms are so dark, you are afraid to use them.
I almost want to give this a 5. Near oh my god moment, but not quite.

This is a little misleading. I swear this came up under "Chinese" on Yelp while we were looking for something (in a group of four) but this is definitely not Chinese. It's Japanese Brazilian fusion, which I had never had, but was awesome. The menu is a bid daunting, but the waitress offered to bring out a tasting menu for us, based on the common questions like, "are you OK with raw fish," "do you have allergies," "how do you eat red meat," etc. This was helpful - usually I'm not fazed by the large menu, but for some reason I was having problems focusing. Worth mentioning they say up front that they'll take back anything we don't like, no charge, and they do ask for a budget to keep them in line.

What we got was really pretty exceptional. Gyoza steamed and pan fried, hamachi taquitos (not what you're thinking - not the deep fried rolls, but little taco shells filled with hamachi sashimi), seared tuna with baby greens and crunchy salt, and portabella fries with kabocha aioli. All sounds fancy, all really good.

Then a warm plate - grilled sea bass with a sweet glaze, filet mignon (not their A5 wagyu, which we were offered for an upcharge, but declined) and king crab leg, all with a side of elote. The bass was good - tender and flaky, and I like the glaze. But it was crazy overpowered by the beef and crab. Firstly, the beef was far superior to what we had at N9NE. Tender, flavorful, and with a great salt and pepper crust on the outside, served with a little pile of powdered chile for dipping. And the crab was that near oh my god moment. An *enormous* king crab leg, brushed with a sort of thick butter sauce, served piping hot. Wow, this was exceptional. And while I guess I should expect it, points to the restaurant for realizing that serving a filet and a crab leg family style to diners that have only chopsticks required that you slice things up in to nice little bite sized pieces.

Finally, sushi. Their Neo Tokyo roll, which is their version of the spicy tuna, a hamachi roll with spicy crab and avocado on top, a tuna roll with asparagus, dusted with wasabi, and an assortment of sashimi and nigiri. As well as a hot roll - something covered in melted mozzarella, crispy onions and a sweet sauce. All of the cold rolls were good - I especially liked their Neo Tokyo roll. The sashimi was also very good, but the hot roll...I could do without. It was in interesting twist - not just the cheese was hot, but the entire roll, rice and all. However, the cheese and a heaping helping of onion and sauce overpowered whatever might have been inside. This was about the only misstep I could find.

The atmosphere is odd - lots of pounding techno music, along with an odd video collage (on many many video screens) of Brazilian beach babes, bullet trains, Brazilian slums, and Japanese salarymen trudging to their soul-murdering jobs. Not sure what they were going for. But whatever.

Great spot - Chinese though it wasn't, we all were appropriately full when it was over (not hungry, no stuffed) and we all agreed we'd be back. The total bill, excluding drinks, was probably about $65 per person. I loved the mix of appetizers, hot beef and seafood, and sushi. If you're going with a group, this is a fun way to try stuff without having to worry about reading a menu.
Interesting mix of Japanese and Brazilian food. The music made it feel more like a club than a restaurant, but it felt like a trendy crowd. Get reservations or expect to wait. It's very busy.
A little bit on the expensive side but the quality of the food explains it all.... I had Kobe beef on the hot stone and it was marvelous!!!! The sashimi were really fresh, I recommend salmon and yellow tail to anyone who love fresh sashimi... The waitress was also attentive and helpful
The sushi was good, not great, just good.  Unfortunately, I've paid a lot less for much better.  3 stars because this restaurant is clever with menu items and decor, but nestled in the heart of a massive casino full of tourists and prices to boot. This place kind of reminds me of a Jefferson Airplane video, dark, yet colorful.  The wait staff were very friendly, but inattentive for an early dinner service.
This is one of the best sushi places on the Strip.  You can find delicious cheaper sushi off the strip, but convenience to visitors makes this more suitable.  My favorite roll is the foie gras.  Expensive, but so worth having at least once.  Personally, I get it everytime.
I wanted to do happy hour before a night of binge drinking so I decided to make reservations at Sushi Samba for me and my 5 girlfriends. On the reservations site I was told that happy hour was served throughout the restaurant which sounded perfect because we had a big party and we all know how crowded the bar area can get. However, once we arrived, we were told it was at the bar area only. Whomp. The bar area is super small but we managed to snag a little table and squeeze all of our bodies around it. Not the most comfortable seating, but it'll have to do.

We ordered everything on their happy hour menu. All the dishes were about $5 and we wanted to try everything. Unfortunately our waitress came back 3 times just to tell us that they "no longer had this item on their happy hour menu". BOGUS! I asked why and she told me that their menu is ever changing and since we came on the last day of the month, "they ran out of ingredients". REALLY?!  So instead of eating, we decided to just drink and ate whatever few things they did have on happy hour. We ordered some rolls off their regular menu and they were all lacking. A $16 roll with only 4 pieces? Kind of ridiculous, wouldn't you agree? And it wasn't even all that. We left hungry and disappointed. Luckily we were buzzed so we got over it rather quickly.
I've been to the NYC ones as well, and they all always have great sushi and a very upbeat, trendy atmosphere.  The issue with this one in Vegas is that the service was extremely slow (the waiter would forget about us for long periods of time) and it was very loud and crowded.  I had to shout the entire time just so the person I was with could here me.
My Fiancee had been to both the NYC and Miami Sushisambas, so she wanted to try the Las Vegas one. I had been to neither, but was happy to tag along. 

I'm glad I did! It was great. I was wasn't sure what to expect, but everything from the edamame to the gyoza was great. The whitetail taquitos were really good, and different from anything I had tried before. The best dish was the chicken terriaki skewers. Probably the best chicken skewers I've ever had. 

I will gladly go back.
We were in Vegas and this sushi spot is off the hook we got the $40 per person option and they brought us Brazilian food Portuguese food and sushi and everything was amazing specially the sea bass. If your in Vegas and want good food this is the place but just to let you know before hand it's a bit pricey. For 8 people with two bottles of hot sake and three bottles of Asa hi beer the total was like $700
one of my favorite places in Vegas. it's located in the shoppes area of the Venetian near or in the palazzo side. at any rate, no real review because I like it like everyone else, and there's no shortage of people that like this place.

I do have some suggestions though. first of all, make a reservation or show up very early. second, instead of getting lost in the menu -- it's a fusion restaurant so think myriad choice and complexity multiplied by something other than binary -- have the wait staff put together a tapas selection based on their favorites. tell them how adventurous you are else up may end up with little fried crabs you're supposed to eat whole. just sayin. last thing, don't leave without trying the purple mashed potatoes.

it's expensive here especially with drinks - so bring your bankroll, your loan repayment program, your mommy's credit card, or your dish washing skillz.
Fusion sushi done right! 

I enjoyed the quality of service and food. 

The sushi was fresh and tasty. 

Thank you for the memorable experience!!!
It's not that I hated this place, but I was very unimpressed with the quality of the sushi here.  Although we only ordered four rolls (we were only in for a snack), none of the rolls knocked my socks off.  I guess when i'm in Vegas I have the unrealistic expectation that every restaurant is going to have amazing food, and this place just reiterated that it isn't possible.
We came here for a Bachelorette Party Dinner - a group of 14 girls.   

The one bad thing about my experience here was - they could've sat us at a bigger table.  I swear we must've had the smalled table that 11 girls squished into a booth and 3 chairs at the end?  Our martini glasses were spilling everywhere!

Drinks - they were REALLY slow in bringing these out to us.  And the cocktails we ordered were overly sweet.

Food - we ended up doing the tasting menu ($50pp that's without drinks and tip)  I have to say - it was good they catered to what we requested and taking into consideration any food allergies one may have.  One girl had allergies to avocado, so they made a serving especially for her that excluded it.  There was a serving for each person, to get a taste of everything.  

The food was alot better than I expected.  Except there is this particular taste in the sushi, I wasn't quite sure what it was it was almost floral like, I wasn't a big fan of that, but other than that all the dishes were good, even the gyoza!  

I would recommend this place to others for group dinners.
I don't even know what to make of south american influenced sushi but why the f**ck not. this place is worth try, better than throwing your money at gambling (don't kill me ghosts of Las Vegas' Past)

 I felt I could have shoved a few sushi rolls up my butt to get some attention in this place but whatevers. I liked what I had, but seriously you better be dipping my sushi in some beluga caviar to justify these prices. All I'm saying is, why is every place is Las Vegas so dingy? The cleanliness of some of these places is really atrocious. I just expect a little less worn in place for the price is all i'm saying.
Go different, Go Sushi Samba

Must-haves: La Robata [B+], Brazilian Corn [B], BoBo Brazil [B]
Skip: Neo Tokyo [D] WAY overrated 

Yeah this is place is expensive but it's worth it. 

First of all I have to say that I love fusion food if it's done right. There is definitely something alluring about mixing flavors from different cultures. When I heard that Sushi Samba fuses Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian, I dropped everything and made a reservation.

Inside, Sushi Samba will have you in awe before you even taste the food. The interior dcor is modern but definitely has a South American flare.  We need more places like this in Vegas!

Service is unfortunately hit or miss. This place often gets very busy and servers sometimes struggle to handle the crowd.

The food selection is very impressive. Don't bother with generic food that you can get anywhere. Try something new! There are so many interesting and delicious options to pick from...be adventurous!


Food: A- | Service: C- | Selection: A | Experience: B+ | Overall:  B
Food was very good and unique.  Yellowtail taquitos, sepia robata and Peruvian corn were distinct highlights.  Ambiance and service left something to be desired, though.  The room, while interesting was very noisy with tables right on top of each other making discreet conversation a chore.  The waitress didn't bother explaining the menu or offering suggestions other than a quick listing of specials.  Despite ordering at least 6 dishes, all the food arrived at the same time.  So much for pacing the meal!

We were done our dinner in 40 minutes and feeling rushed by the staff were eager to leave.  Would return for lunch or appetizers but nt again for a leisurely meal.
I do have to say, with the omakase, you definitely get quite a bit.  I wouldn't want to look at the bill, but the food was amazing. 

The kobe a8 marbled slices of beef cooked on a hot stone slab was a perfect touch.  The sauces provided on the side hurt the flavor a little for those who just crave the taste of marbled soft juicy beef.  I guess anyone that serves this kind of food would get raving reviews because it's just that good.

The sushi was okay, but the gold flakes on one of the rolls added a great effect.  The rolls were not much to speak about.

We were put in the backroom which started out quiet with a small amount of groups, but it got a little busier, but not too loud.
Trying sushi in Vegas is seriously like throwing your money down the drain. The portions are always small and a roll will cost you about 2-4 bucks for one piece of a roll. I don't know what is all the hype about Sushisamba. There is one in Chicago and New York I believe, but I don't know why it's supposed to be so good or cool. 

One of the roll my fiance and I got had charboiled steak on it, which made the whole roll taste like charcoal. I also wasn't impressed with their special sauces like key lime mayo on their other rolls, but I guess you need some kind of gimmick to make your products special. The overall look of the rolls were the best I've seen either. Come on, Sushisamba. You have to step it up. 

The rolls were fine. I would be happy with them at another sushi place for a decent price, but since it was overpriced and small in size, I will never been happy with this place.
Don't know what they put in the ice tea, but it's addicting...
Wonderful!  We had the sashimi/seviche sampler and the Churrasco Rio Grande (with linguica, brisket and pork).  Service was quick, the food was excellent.  We ended up receiving chorizo rather than the linguica with our sampler, the server quickly brought us the linguica in addition.  The sashimi sampler was really the highlight.  Complex flavors, but perfectly balances.  A great special night out.  The drinks were great as well.
This place is ok but the portions have become extremely small over the years. The service isn't great either, if you don't look like a high roller they won't care about getting you anything fast. 
There are a ton of great sushi restaurants off the strip that are just as creative with their menu but are cheaper with bigger portions. 
I don't see what all the hype is about (that's what she said).
It was a good experience to try something new in sushi, but there was nothing that really stood out in taste that would make me return. We took a lot of the server's recommendations for popular items like the specialty dishes sea bass with Peruvian corn and Yellowtail Taquitos served like tapas, which were both good. The Peruvian corn was ok, but didn't seem to have a complimenting taste with the sea bass. We let the server know and he brought out some Purple Potato Mash just to try something different and it was better than the corn. 

The service was great. Our server was very knowledgeable about the food, how it was prepared and the types of sake that was offered. We enjoyed 4 different sakes, which was more enjoyable than the sushi. 

If you want to feel like you ate a lot, stick with mostly rolls... the rice will help fill you up.

Typical price for food in LV... $$$... although I didn't think we ordered that much and the cost was just short of the 200 mark for two.

Good Brazilian/Peruvian fusion... but if I had a choice between this and traditional sushi... obviously traditional.
I like Sushisamba a lot.  It was a fun restaurant with a cool, modern vibe to it.  It is definitely one of the more trendy sushi restaurants that I have been to.  In no way am I putting Sushisamba up there with my favorite Japanese restaurant, Sushi Ran in San Francisco.  But it was definitely worth trying out.

I didn't try the omakase, but I wanted to.  I was with my wife, who doesn't like anything but meat and vegetable tempura, so I didn't want to be limited.  So we just ordered off the menu, which was fine.  The rolls here are definitely different then I'm used to.  What with all of the foie gras and wagyu beef.  The Neo Tokyo Roll was tasty.  I liked the tuna and tempura flakes together.  I also had the hamachi nigiri and the uni nigiri, both of which were very good.  I love uni, and this was good.

We had the seasonal vegetable tempura, which was good.  To be honest, I've had better tempura but by no means am I saying that this wasn't a good dish.  I like vegetable tempura, so I would order this again.  We also had the the three meat Rio Grande Churrasco.  We chose the pork tenderloin, the hanger steak and the ribeye.  The hanger steak was by far the best of the three, with the ribeye coming in second.  It was so tasty.  The pork tenderloin was a bit disappointing.  It was dry and uneventful.  Next time, I'm getting three orders of the hanger steak.  And the sauces were a nice complement to the dish.

Sushisamba is fun.  The food is good.  And the staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.  I had fun here, and I think that adds a lot to your experience at any restaurant.  I can say that I am a fan.
Happy to get a chance to eat here and even happier I wasn't paying. Wow this place is EXPENSIVE!! The staff is pushy and tries to get you spend big when you visit. Service was excellent and the food tastes great. The menu is a mix of cultures so there is more to SushiSamba then sushi. 

Its a classic Las Vagas chic restaurant so your paying for the location as much as anything else. Sushi was well made but as mentioned prior, way to expensive. Some rolls are priced by the piece in the 2-4$ range. If your looking for a value this not the place if your looking for a hip and trendy LV sushi spot SushiSamba is fun!
My friends and I were strolling through the Palazzo last evening looking for some good eats.  We were pulled in by stunning smells illuminating from Sushi Samba's cozy corner restaurant.  Service from the start was top notch.  We decided to sit bar-side.  The sous chef, Robert, came out and gave us a personal welcome for our first visit; followed by a generous on-the-house appetizer.  Sea Scallop with pesto magic.  One bite was packed full of a fresh, balanced flavor that took my taste buds to a place they haven't been in many years.  After one bite, I knew we had come to the right place.

On recommendation from the chef - we ordered Sea Bass with veggies and a sweet miso drizzle.  Now to me, Sea Bass if very rarely billed as a "main course" but wow - this dish was spectacular.  A must try for any fan of the sea.  The cocktails are inventive, unique and balanced.  Try one of their special Sake Martini's - tastes like you've never had before.  

Sushi Samba is the real deal.  They made it perfectly clear that the restaurant intends to better serve their customers and grow it's gourmet creations .  All of their products are the pinnacle of fresh.  No doubt restocked daily.  The presentation of everything from drinks to dinner was carefully crafted with intention and purpose.  Quick service and an aim-to-please attitude top to bottom made us feel more like we were clients than customers.

We ended the night with a round of delicious fruit sake cocktails and a heart-felt thank you to Allen, the manager on duty.  In my opinion, the pricing is quite appropriate given the freshness, quality, service and atmosphere.  They nailed it, BRAVO!

So if you're a fan of fine dinning, service, sushi or delicious cocktails - I highly recommend you make plans to visit Sushi Samba. 

Thanks for the incredible evening Sushi Samba, I'll be back soon!
This place is astounding- one of the best meals I've had. The cocktails were fresh and summery. Items from the robata grill, both veggies and beef/sea bass, were tender and flavorful. They served us an amazing mushroom dish with coconut milk and a mix of unique mushrooms- a real treat for the vegetarians at the table- and those of us who aren't too. Taquitos with lump grab meat, tempura veggies.... and a dessert platter with very memorable mochi and little dessert cups that included flakes of gold! It doesn't get any better than this.

The atmosphere is dark and hip, reflecting the sabor of Peru, Brazil, and Japan- a super innovative and successful fusion of the three countries. Having been to Brazil twice, I liked that they projected video on the walls from Rio de Janeiro- made me nostalgic about my visits!  

A classic upscale, trendy Vegas dining experience- and a fun reminder of the exciting common ground between various world cuisines. Will definitely return!
Moqueca Mista (all the waiters/waitresses will say that is their fave lol) & the Salmon are my go-to's. Of course, you have to try the asparagus with the truffle aioli as an appetizer. We are regulars here, and as regulars, the chef likes to treat you with special meals! This time we had kobe beef tacos (i am pescetrian, so it was nice to look at, haha) as our meal. I also love their rolls, such as the Carnival roll. The red miso is also great, I LOVE truffle, but it was a little too salty (truffle oil). The desserts are to die for, such as the mini doughnuts in the hazelnut sauce and the funky banana dish. AND, best of all... it's a stones throw from BARNEY'S!!! You can shop while you wait for your food! But, its not like the food takes very long anyway :)
Long overdue review.

I really was disappointed because my Mom's side of the family are Asian immigrants to Brazil who had lived in South America for decades. I really thought this was going to be Brazilian style Sushi, but it wasn't. A lot of people don't know this, but Brazil has the 3rd largest population of Asians outside of Asia.  1st being the USA, 2nd being Canada, and 3rd being Brazil.  Did you also know that Brazil has more Japanese residents than the United States? So, I was very excited that a place like this opened up. 

I am a big fan of "fusion sushi".  I love new and creative twists on the oldschool style maki, but Sushisamba just doesn't do it as well as other sushi restaurants. Sushi is really really popular in Brazil.  And unlike Americans, the Brazilian sushi houses tend to be very traditional. That means that they don't really like California rolls or other types of fusion sushi that is popular in America.  But, the menu here is more similar to Ichiro Mashita's American style sushi. 

Sushisamba prides themselves on having "fresh fish", that is of higher quality than smaller sushi restaurants and that is their justification for charging higher prices. But, even places like Sushi Bomb(North West), Sushi on Rainbow(Koreatown), Sushi Twister(Boulder Highway) and even the overrated Goyemon(Southwest) have fresh fish flown in everyday, and some of these places even keep the fish alive in tanks until the day of serving. And they only charge a fraction of what this place does. You know, even the Edomaezushi style Kabuto restaurant's prices are lower than this place.  

I guess I'm just really upset over the fact that they hyped this place up as a Brazilian-Japanese style restaurant and it wasn't any of that. It wasn't Brazilian cuisine and it really wasn't authentic Japanese cuisine. And, I just recently found out that the owner of this place is a guy named Matthew Johnson. That doesn't sound Brazilian or Japanese to me. 

You know how a lot of full-blooded Japanese yelpers always complain about how they hate Sushi bars that are owned and operated by non-Japanese Asians and have Latino cooks? Yet, this place is owned by a White man from New York City and we don't find those same Japanese Yelpers complaining? Why is that? Someone explain that to me? Where is Alex S and Hootie B??
Huge fan of this place - try to get here anytime i'm in Vegas or NYC.  Fish quality is excellent and the mix of Japanese and Brazilian is an interesting twist that goes beyond the standard asian fusion locales.

Opt for the omakase (pick a price range with your server), sit back and enjoy the creations they bring through. Make sure it comes with Peruvian corn - can't miss side dish

Some favorites

-Maine Lobster Taquitos
-Miso marinated Chilean Sea Bass
-Ribeye Robata
-Samba Strip Roll

Also a perfect place for groups - particularly if you're looking for a fun place to hit up before going out (XS, Tryst, Tao all very close).
This Sushi Samba is hit or miss. Been here and had awesome food, other times I have not been that impressed.  

My staple dishes are:

Otsumami appetizer
shishito peppers
yellowtail taquitos
seabass robata with peruvian corn (this is a favorite of mine)
neo tokyo roll
el topo roll
green envy roll

Last time I went I also ordered the drink tree with my friends. That was fun, the drinks tasted like candy and it was perfect for 4 people!

All in all, I have had more positive experiences as this samba that negative, but even so I much prefer the New York locations to this one.
I came here with a small group for dinner late night after arriving in Vegas late.  Sushi Samba was able to extend our reservation until 1am.  After we sat down, we decided to go with the omakase and it did not disappoint.  It came out with a heaping amount of food including: edamame, tempura string beans, ceviche tacos, sushi, steak, rice, etc... and i can't forget the peruvian corn.

Definitely go with the omakase!
SushiSamba Las Vegas is 100x better than the Miami location.. The service is A1 and so is the food. The menu has a better selection of Brazilian, Japanese, and Peruvian dishes that are absolutely divine. The drinks are also fantastic. We had the Samba juice and the Cucumber martinis which weren't overpowering but very refreshing. Our waiter was extremely friendly and knowledgable about the menu, and  was really helpful with our choices. Highly recommend this place!
I'm biased. I love sushi, and my Brazilian blood will never let me forget the exotic tastes and textures of northern-Brazilian cuisine. So here you have Sushi+Samba... what in heavens can go wrong? Culinary orgasm for sure. I booked a table for 4, but my buddies stood me up, so I went alone.A super friendly and beautiful Asian-American young lady took me to the sushi bar, and in a matter of seconds an even more beautiful mixed-Asian waitress showed up. If the food is any good this place is paradise! Anyway, I had to go exotic, so I ordered two appetizers (Carnaval= shrimp, avocado, yellowtail tartar, crispy rice paper and the Samba Strip = Maine lobster, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper, peanut curry) and a "half" main dish (Moqueca Mista = shrimp, squid, sea bass and crayfish with coconut milk, roasted cashew, dend oil, chimichurri rice ... this is a very typical Brazilian dish)

The moment I started savoring the spices, the seafood, the dende oil... I was taken back to Bahia, incredible beaches, sea-breeze, mulatas in tiny bikinis... I had to snap back in order to continue my sensory trip to food nirvana.

Before they rate my review XXX and ban it from Yelp, I will summarize: just go, order without fear, enjoy the smells and tastes (and the view), go exotic, try "positions" you never dared before.

Look, once you go "sushi+Brazil" you never go back.

Cheers!
Japanese. Peruvian. Brazilian. 

So good.

Omakase is the way to go. Hopefully you'll get the bbq'd seabass skewers that will melt like butter in your mouth and the yellowtail tacos.
Amazing service. Max is the greatest. Management is attentive and took very good care of us. I will be coming back to try the pork belly ramen soup!
Want to give a huge shout out to Sushi samba, A big thanks to Joshua Wolf & chef Herb as well as the rest of the bartenders. You all make a great team and show a huge satisfaction, my company and I got a chance to meet the team and enjoy A five night in a row dinner in SUSHI SAMBA, hope we didn't make to much of a mess and weren't to loud, there will be much more evening's to come by, I have one huge request and thats for you guys to sit on shimons head and get one opened up in LOS ANGELES "ASAP" 
Thanks Again..

Sincerely Golan M.
My mom is entering the twilight of her years and sanity and we celebrated this occasion by taking her to Las Vegas. 60 years on this planet and the woman had never been to this little stretch of desert. Go figure.

I'm a bit of a millionaire (actual percentage varies but it has been known to exceed the single digits) so I decided that I was going to pick up the check on dinner for the three nights we were in town. I made all the reservations and I made sure we were all on time. I am that kind of guy. This is how I have amassed my aforementioned fortune. Details. The deets.

We got to Palazzo a few minutes late, actually, so disregard anything I said about our timeliness. Anyway, they seated us right away. We had a nice round table with a view of a support column. It was one hell of a sexy support column, mind you. All white and supporty-looking. Damn. I bet it works nights on the other side of town if you know what I mean right right right?

OK this review is getting carried away with itself, I'm sorry about that. Realizing that most of my family were classless heathens from New Hampshire I decided to let the waitress know our food allergies and from there, order anything she thought we might like. This might be the time to let you know that if you do this, they do a very good job of selecting tasty, pain-free food, but it may result in somewhat of a shock to your wallet. Just an FYI, really. Five people, with limited alcohol being served, and the bill came to about $450 after tip.

A dent in my bank account, you see, as I am ballin' out of control. I want to say something about making it precipitate that hasn't already been said but I can't think of something witty enough to include here. Please imagine dollar bills falling from cumulus clouds at a rapid pace.

Everyone was happy with the meal, though on the way in one of our group suggested that we go to Senor Frogs instead, and I almost did a 180 and walked back to my white Audi A5 2.0T with tan leather trim and drove all the way back to LA that instant, leaving my brother behind, even though he wasn't the one who made the comment. Almost. But I didn't, because it was mom's 60th birthday weekend and I wasn't going to let them bring me down, bro.

PS we ended up going to Senor Frogs for drinks after and it was fun, too. My brother ordered a drink that almost came out in a glass shaped like male genitalia. These are the moments that Instagram was invented for, brother.

If I were you, I would listen to the following advice from me: go to SUSHISAMBA and remember that money is temporary but food is forever. And then order like a man on the electric chair. YOLO for sure.
We ate here about a year ago.  I remember enjoying the food and atmosphere.  Can't recall what we ate, but I do remember that it wasn't too bad.  Will have to go again and post a better review.
I love the concept of this restaurant - mixing three cultures into one food experience. It definitely did not disappoint!

The menu is extensive, so it's easy to get carried away with ordering what looks and sounds good. The yellowtail taquitos were great, served in perfect little taco portions. The kanpachi and octopus (not on the menu) tiraditos were both pleasant surprises! Very fresh tasting and the flavors were vibrant. It goes without saying that the seabass robata was excellent...the fish was juicy and succulent. The pork belly was also great! The Pacific and BoBo Brazil rolls were out of this world....interesting mixes of ingredients and flavors that all somehow worked together.
SUSHISAMBA provides an interesting mix of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian flavors.  The interior is dimly lit and contemporary; a very attractive dining space.

I was with a large party, and our server put together a tasting menu that was within our desired price range and provided a diverse portrait of the cuisine the restaurant offers.  The service was excellent, and dealt with our group very well.  There was one drink order that seemed to have been forgotten, but these errors can happen.  When it was brought to the server's attention, it was dealt with promptly and apogetically.  

Our meal consisted of about ten small-plates, portioned for sharing among the table.  While every dish was enjoyable, there were definite highlights.  My personal favorites were the yellowtail ceviche taquitos, and a decadent sushi roll that was topped with foie gras, pork belly, and gold leaf.  

The accomodating service and unique culinary influences of SUSHISAMBA make for a brilliant dining experience.
Made it in two times last weekend in Vegas.  As usual, service and food was great.  First night was a snack.  Drinks, if you love tequila, try the Palmia, adds mints.  Wicked refreshing.  Tried the lobster robata, cooked perfectly, but not sure if I enjoyed the flavors as much as previous items.  They do so much in the kitchen, that when you try so much, it's tough to enjoy everything because there are a vast variety of flavors.  Lobster robata had a spicy ikura vinagrette, with some heat to it.  Freshest sushi and sashimi i've ever had.  Signature dish for me is the sea bass robata anticucho.
I went to Sushi Samba on a whim; so the cheeky advertisment on a taxi in LV and decided eh? what the hey.

I was very pleasantly suprised. For asian fusion I would say this is one of the best places I've had and I've had alot of Asian fusion. Everything was fresh and delicious and  the interior was very Chic and Modern. Also the place had very lovely plating and made for very good photos .

Their food was very creative and I will recommend to anyone who is interested in something new and progressive.
The food was of pretty decent quality and I liked the marrying of different kinds of styles; I really think that their fusion dishes are better than their traditional dishes. We also really liked the drinks. 

 The service was pretty awkward; we apparently came in during a shift change and it wasn't handled very well. 

 My biggest gripe is the sashimi served in incredibly tiny cuts at one piece per oder. It was the least impressive thing that we ate. I actually wondered if it was a mistake and the waiter was of little help, so I'm still not certain. I wouldn't mind the prices they charge for it if the portions were better or the quality was better.

 I'll eat here again, but I won't order the sushi or sashimi next time and I'll make sure that there isn't a shift change happening.
This place rocks!  Good sushi and filet...even the vegetables were screamin - collard greens, grilled asparagus. Asian food w/ some peruvian influence...fish was fresh and tasty!  You name it!  It was very good for our large party.  We visited 2xs while we were there for the weekend.  I'd love to go again when we're in town!
Came to Vegas for a Bachelorette Party..made reservations for this place and it was awesome!!

Waiter was SUPER Nice and made sure we enjoyed the food, were comfortable, and never made us feel rushed.
We had a choice of ordering separate or rolls or Chef Choice Family Style which is around $50 per person. We chose family style...but first the waiter checked for food allergies and if we did not like anything he would take it away no questions asked.

First they came out with appetizers..squid, edamame, and a crab dish very vague desciption but it's Vegas so who can remember..

Then came out the rolls..it was a mix or rainbow roll and a lobster roll and something with unagi. The lobster roll was delicious and so creative!!!

Then came out beef and fish kebobs sauteed in sweet and tangy sauce..it melted in my mouth!!! 
There were five of us girls and we received a free shot from the general manager and we looked around to see if any other table received the treatment and no they did not!

All in all make reservations and GO! Great place for dinner but plan to spend some money and get family style.
This Sushi place is way overpriced and the sushi rolls are not that great.  We stayed in the Palazzo at the Venetian and wanted sushi.  We were disappointed.  The sushi rolls are tiny and tasted mediocre.  The only thing that I liked was the sashimi and the sauce that came with it.  This place is not worth it.
We decided on our last night in Vegas to splurge a bit, and we love sushi so this was definitely the place.

Overall, the food was delicious and because they have a sushi, peruvian, and brazilian theme it was all new and interesting. We had two roles which were excellent, tempura which tasted like standard yummy tempura, and something else that I remember being good as well. Had some cocktails throughout dinner which were all strong and very tasty. We were very pleased with our splurge evening.

The only reason that I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is that the servings are very small for the price. I'm not a big eater but that night we ended up ordering more food because we simply weren't full with our two roles and tempura. For the price, I think we should have gotten a bit more.
Once you get past the crowds in the Canal Shops, Samba Sushi is a real find.  Varied menu combining Asian and South American cultures.  We had a shrimp teriyaki roll, an eel roll and a dragon rainbow roll.  Also got the teriyaki chicken skewers with their speciality corn.  Everything was delicious.  No wait time, service was fast, efficient without feeling rushed.  Clean, not terribly loud and Drago was a great waiter.  Prices were OK for Vegas considering that I come from the era of free drinks, shrimp bars along the casino walls and all you can eat buffets.
Yummy for my tummy! I don't know why the Palazzo Casino considers this place fine dining when you can't even hear yourself think. Its more of a casual place to me. People are filing in from the casino so yeah... Anyway, they serve Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese styled food. The waiters are all on point, super nice, and they do care about your overall dining experience. This is a cute place to go on a date (If you don't mind not talking due to the noise), or a place to hang with your peeps. Go!
great food & fun atmosphere! I ordered for the table and the waiter suggested to add some dishes and I declined, but he sent some random things out anyhow! They ended up being great, so I didnt send them back, but it was worthy of docking a star for not listening ;)
It was my husband and mine first time in Vegas and we heard great things about sushi samba. We love sushi and since I am Peruvian I definitely wanted to try this place out. When we first got there it was really packed but our hostess, Sarah, was so nice! Even though it was really busy she would come over every now and then and talk to us, she found out it was our first time and she let us know of some cool places to go that doesn't require us spending a lot of money. When we finally got to our table our server was very knowledgeable with the cuisine because my husband loves to asks questions. We knew it was busy but we never felt rushed. The food was amazing my husband had the kobe beef cooked a hot stone which was incredible and I had the oolong bass skewers which was just as good! The decor was beautiful, the service was great, and the food was exceptional.
It's what you'd expect from a sushi restaurant that is in one of the nicer hotels on the strip.  The quality of the fish was good and the rolls were above average.  The difficulty I found was that the meal wasn't very memorable.  Although the roll selection was very unique, nothing stood out as a 'Wow, I'll remember this roll forever' type of experience.  

For the price, it wasn't as good as it should have been.

Additionally, the service was lackluster.  The sushi came out super fast after we ordered, which is troubling considering it took 10 minutes just for the waiter to take our drink orders and then another 15 before the manager realized our order hadn't been taken yet.

Overall a decent meal that was expensive and not very memorable.
Yuck! Here is why. We sat at the Sushi Bar and the stupid thing is constructed so you can't watch the chef's make the sushi. That is 1/2 the fun! Because the bar is so high you are eye to eye with the dead fish creatures. I had parts of an octopus staring at me the whole time. I am vegetarian so that was creepy. 

The writing on the menu is so tiny it is ridiculous. I ordered the edamame and it was awful. How do you f'up edamame? My guess, didn't leave it in the microwave long enough. My b/f said the sushi was "ok" but nothing spectacular. 

The last straw for me is from the sushi bar you look right into the dishwasher area. Great appetizing view that was. 

Take a pass on this place!

Update: The manager called me to sort out the problems we had there on the 4th of July. They seemed genuinely interested in fixing the problems. He invited us back the next time we are in Vegas, which will be soon most likely. I will advise on how it goes.
Pretty pricey but the service was pretty stellar and the food was spectaular! I really loved the fish tacos. They melt in your mouth! 

The cocktail tree is cute and fun for parties. I thought it was perfectly portioned before a night out on the town.
Interesting Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian fusion. The interior was really unique which added to the ambience. 

I've never had a Caipirinha before but I was pleasantly surprised. Sort of like a Brazilian mojito but much stronger here. 

The sea bass skewers were delicious and the corn looked like huge mutant corn and was sweet. 

The pork belly ramen tasted like sweet and sour soup but instead of the sour, it was spicy. The pork belly itself was a little tough. Though, that didn't mean it wasn't good.
sushi dates at sushi samba are the best!
especially if your staying at the palazzo., 
we had a great experience here, our special fusion hand rolls were wrapped in yellow/green paper. The decorative pieces of sushi was fresh and deleciouso. Our waitress was quick and attentive, no complains. The one thing that we'll always remember about this place is the restrooms. Hands down! one of our favs.. The interior designers looked like they took a page out of the wild styles graffiti book and added a little japanimation into the walls.  check it out it's DOPE!
Great food! I would have never known sushi could be soo good if I'd not gone with friends. I'm not be any means a sushi eater but this place definitely changed my perspective. My favorites were the Avacado roll and Chilean Sea Bass skewers. Single mixed drinks are strong which is great because I hate water-downed drinks. If going with a group as I did, and plan on drinking, DO NOT opt for the 3-4 mixed drink carousel/tower! It's a major rip off for the price they charge for it - $70. You're definitely better off buying individual drinks which are nice and strong. Great atmosphere/ seating/ music.
Well three of us went here for my husbands birthday last night. We primarily got sushi and the Samba Sushi rolls. So here is the good and the bad:
Bad: We made a reservation for 9pm and were still left waiting 20min for a table. I feel whats the point of a reservation if your stuck waiting.
The Samba rolls are a little over priced, but its Vegas so its expected.
They don't give you wasabi....HELLO its sushi who doesn't give wasabi and pickled ginger. Instead you get this creamy green stuff they claim is wasabi but it's not. Not one hint of spice, tastes more like creamy avocado.
Also rolls are not full rolls like a regular sushi place, they are pretty small.

Good: Service was good, our waitress was attentive even though the place was slammed.
Also the rolls were tasty. If you do go for sushi the El Toro Samba roll is amazing, as well as the Pacifico. 

So for 7 rolls my bill was $95.00 and we eat them in l less time then our wait for them to be made. 

I personally wouldn't go here again just because I felt for my time, and money I can find another Sushi place just off the strip thats way better.
Food 4 Stars
Service 4 Stars
Atmosphere 5 Stars

The food is exceptionally creative and may be a bit challenging for someone who really enjoys traditional Sushi, but they do serve traditional style as well. I like the super heated river stone (Koren BBQ style) cooking stone with Kobe beef, oil, sea salt, and black pepper.  The sake menu is one of the best I've ever seen and the overall atmosphere is trendy and fun. The Foie Gras was AMAZING. 

I ended up having a great time and I'll be back real soon.
My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  We did the chef's menu (omakase).  SO delicious!  The steak with mushrooms...omg!  Fabulous!  You can set your own price & they'll make enough food for that amount.  I'm a Japanese food snob & would highly recommend this place!
THIS PLACE IS THE SHIT!

So I have been to their Miami and NY locations but LV held it down!  We came here for my friends bday celebration and they hooked us up! We did a chef tasting type thing and the executive chef came to meet us, the manager brought us free shots, and our waiter MAX was the best! He totally hooked us up!


CHILEAN SEA BASS IS A MUST---heaven in your mouth!
SAMBA JUICE is delish!


I can't wait to go back!
The only reason I dont give 5 stars is because the place is quite expensive, somehow worthy, but still expensive...
i cant believe i forgot to tell EVERYONE just how much we liked  SUSHISAMBA..  it was a seafood and sushi lovers delight.   we've eaten sushi all over the world,  but SUSHISAMBA really stays in our minds.  i can still see my seaweed salad,  (so good),  and those rainbowdragon samba rolls,  that we devoured before our main course,  a plate so large,  we split it two ways!   it think it was called  MOQUECA MISTA,  something like that,  that included shrimp,  squid,  seabass,  to die for!   it has been a couple months and i can still taste that seafood,  prepared perfectly....  the atmosphere was nice,  so was my company.   we had a great meal,  we definitly will make  SUSHISAMBA our first stop on our next trip to vegas!   WORTH EVERY DIME!!!!
thIs was my second tIme and wow amazing sushi!! the spicy tuna rolls are amazing. beautiful environment and 10/10 service! will come back again
The sushi was very tasty but the portions were very small for the price. 
Service was good. Restaurant was loud as to be expected in a Vegas restaurant.
Amazing! 
The purple mashed potatoes are an absolute MUST try. Everything you try is life changing! 
Chef Herb stopped by our table and he was so charming a personable! 
I never come to Vegas without eating here! 
5 stars is not enough!
This is a fantastic restaurant! I have eaten at wonderful places all over the world and the meal my friends and I enjoyed at Sushi Samba competed with any other I have ever had. The restaurant is beautiful and the service was great. We had the pleasure of meeting Herb the Chef and he was amazing. I've considered making the 6 hour drive just to dine there again. I was in Vegas for a bachelor party and dinner at SS was by far the highlight of the weekend. We will be Back!

Thanks for a great time and great meal Herb and Staff!
Came here for my birthday with my girlfriends and the service was great! Our waitress was very nice and welcoming. Since we and 6 or more people, she suggested that we do the pre-fixed 4 course meal that we can share family style. We told her what we liked, what we didn't like, what we were allergic to, and they made our food according to our liking.

The food was really good! All of my girls were surprised to see that we liked every single dish! We also ordered hamachi shots (without sake) and it was still very flavorful! 

I would totally recommend this place! Can't wait to come back again~
I celebrated my birthday here and was looking forward to trying the wonderful looking food I've seen posted. I even picked out the most popular items (of course, according to Yelp) and took my server's recommendations. However, I expected my taste buds to have a party that night, and it fell a little short.

Overall, it was a good dinner. Service was impeccable. From beginning to end, their staff worked perfectly together to make sure we enjoyed our experience. Water were always refilled, our emptied plates were cleared immediately, yet they didn't hover or rush us. Very friendly. We really couldn't have asked for a better wait staff to serve us.

What did we order?

Crispy Taquitos - Yellowtail & Lobster
Rib-Eye Robata Skewers
Miso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass w/ Purple Sweet Mashed Potatoes
Peruvian Corn
Samba Strip Roll
Bobo Brazil Roll
Rosca - donuts

The best tasting dishes for us was of course the Chilean Sea Bass. It was good enough that we were a bit disappointed that it was such a small serving size. Two small skewers. Peruvian Corn was also a hit. However, the sushi rolls were well presented, but lacked much in flavor. The rib-eye and taquitos were decent, but as I reiterate, all pretty to look at, yet nothing came close to being a wow.

Setting is very nice, the restaurant is nice set up to accommodate large parties as well as couples. Bar serves food and offer happy hour drinks till 7pm on weekdays. 

I definitely appreciated the complimentary birthday dessert, the Coco Duo, which was sweet and yummy. Photos are available of all items I listed here. 

3 stars for now, however I'd definitely give Sushi Samba another try. Maybe the wow will come later...
I was sorry to give this place three stars! I really wanted to love it!  My husband and I just moved back from the East Coast and we were really looking forward to some AWESOME West Coast sushi! We arrived around 9pm and were promptly greeted and seated by the  hostess. We didn't like the original seat she tried to give us so I asked her to sit one table in and also because it was a four top instead of a two top (you need room when you order sushi.....you either get tons of little plates or a huge plate that doesn't fit on a two top table). Well that must have frustrated her because she threw the menus down on the table I wanted and basically ran back to the hostess stand. ( yes she threw the menus!) we then proceeded to wait a good 15 minutes before anyone would come over and talk to us....not even give us water. Finally our waitress came over and apologized and we were ready to order drinks and edamame. Our drinks came quickly and we ordered the rest of our dinner with some suggestions from our waitress. Our first to appetizers came pretty fast as well but the waitress for got we wanted edamame so that came later in the meal. The oysters were awesome...the yellowtail with jalapeo was AMAZING.....sushi rolls were good but the rock shrimp tempura was off....taste just wasn't there ( taste not spice.....it was basically no flavor but spicy). Our waitress talked up the mini doughnuts for dessert so we ordered them...only to find out they were out.
Our bill was over 200$ and I left disappointed at that price.
On a side note the hostess tried to seat 3 other couples at the original table she wanted to give us and all 3 couple asked for different tables.....it wasn't a busy night.....she may want to take a step back and remember she is the first person people see....she needs to represent this restaurant better.
What a disappointment.

No point in having a reservation as you will have to wait 20-30 min. after your scheduled time.  The front end pretty much sucks. Our server was very good though.

Food was small, nothing special, and ridiculously priced.

-Rock Shrimp was good, but like a glorified calamari dish, nothing spectacular 
-Fusion rolls were a joke, no flavor
-Sea Bass was AWESOME!  2 tiny skewers like $20, um ok, not worth it

The restaurant is pretty popping, and trendy with a DJ its a cool environment
My recommendation is to go sit at the bar have a few drinks, and maybe an appetizer if you are staying at Palazzo, if not skip Sushisamba.
So I've been back at least 6 times now and it's perfect every time.  Of course some servers are better / nicer than others but my food has been perfect and amazing every time!  I will continue to return time and time again!!
Everything was extremely good, specially for 1am starving from a day of drinking at the ENCORE pool.  Everything that we picked was great.  I asked the waiter to pick two of his favorites.  He picked a bbq something and some philly thing.  Not very good but we can't complain.  

I'd go back!
While my better half was making moolah at the poker table, I needed to escape the ding-ding-ding sounds of the casino and decided to grab some happy hour. A short walk from the Encore, SushiSamba seemed to fit my need for some discounted booze and appetizers. 

Their long oval bar by the main entrance was pretty much empty, so I easily settled into a spot and perused their happy hour offerings. They offered three different whiskey cocktail concoctions for $6. Not being a huge whiskey fan, I picked the one that sounded the least rough to me. It was actually pretty decent, although I could have used a little more cocktail and a lot less ice. 

I picked three appetizers, an amount that is generally plenty at most happy hours to fill me up to the brim. The shrimp & chorizo skewers (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA) were my favorite. The shrimp was barely cooked through with nice char marks and the chorizo had great flavors. The chimichurri-like sauce on top was great. I could have eaten a lot more of these. The sliced ahi tuna (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#-AMDCTLNjWrfNMkPbPGf0A) consisted of two very thin pieces of ahi drowned  in a soy-mustard sauce and topped with a halved cherry tomato and some leaves. This portion was super tiny and made me wonder whether happy hour at this place meant you get a quarter of the portion for half the price of the regular appetizer dish... I got the same feeling with the shredded pork mini tacos (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#i30qdbtwZSj2f8tNbjkqLQ). One bite and those suckers were gone. The spicy sauce on the side served in a shot glass looked cool, but it was so frickin' hot (the bartenders thoroughly warned me) that you could only use a mini droplet on each taco. So what was the point of serving that much sauce? Again, the portion size was disappointing and the taco was just average. 

Two drinks & three appetizers = $37 (including tip). I left hungry and unimpressed. For around $40 I can usually eat and drink myself into stupidity at happy hour. Sheesh, I could have had a great entree and a nice glass of wine at many of Vegas' amazing restaurants instead. Oh well, SushiSamba is overpriced for its portions and the dishes were nothing mind blowing. Don't think I'll be back here anytime soon.
I flipping LOVE SushiSamba. I've been here 3 times and it's just been incredible. This most recent trip, we were a group of 9 girls for a bachelorette party. We had lucked out by getting reservations the day of and they didn't make us wait. I thought they seated us in a weird spot...but no, our reservations were just so early, the place wasn't that full, but the table ended up being fine.

We decided to do the omakase style for around $50/person. They brought out the cocktail tree with 9 glasses of the Samba Juice which was incredible and such a great way for them to start wooing us, haha. 
- First course: fried green beans with truffle aioli (my fave!), grilled jalepenos (big hit!), and edamame.
- Second course: Fish tacquitos (loved the shell, very crispy), a mushroom tacquito & large salad for the vegetarian, and pork pot stickers (good not great). 
- Third course: the famed Chilean Sea Bass skewers (melt.in.your.mouth), scallops with like a chimichurri sauce (delicious), and the Peruvian corn (so unique). 
- Fourth course: Meat/mushroom coconut milk "curry" (I hate coconut milk, and this was the one dish that we didn't make a considerable dent in...and they don't serve rice with this! Weird).
- Fifth course: Sushi. There were 3 different fish sushi rolls (salmon, tuna, and something else) and then 3 vegetarian (avocado, cucumber, and sweet potato--sweet potato was my fave!). They then brought out the dessert for my friend, which was comp'd which was nice.

In my opinion, I felt like the chef prepared way too many fish dishes for this particular group because we had a vegetarian, we had someone who was allergic to shellfish, and we had 3 people who didn't like fish...and yet, we got A LOT of fish. I think a lot of people go to SushiSamba and expect sushi...but it's fushion, it's not traditional sushi. I would definitely recommend doing the omakase style to start out--you can do it for $30-$75 per person and it's really fun. I rate it 4 stars because I think they should be more creative for vegetarians--vegetarians eat more than mushrooms :) But the service is GREAT and the food is amazing. Definitely one of my most consistent favorite places in Vegas.
great fusion restaurant with a nice mix of small plates and interesting entrees. my favorite dish is the "moqueca mista" - a rice dish covered in a ton of seafood "curry". the flavor of the sauce is perfect and not overly sweet or coconut-flavored. 

we also tried:
1. crispy yellowtail taquitos - SO GOOD and perfectly crispy 
2. ceviche +tiradito combo of 4 - nothing special
3. berkshire pork belly robata - a little too sweet with the butterscotch miso 
4. sea bass robata - also a bit too sweet
5. salt + pepper squid - YUM, this was fried with a lot of flavor
6. rock shrimp tempura - a bit too much mayo-sauce for my taste

overall this was our second visit and if you order just the right things (i would stick with the fried appetizers and moqueca mista) then it's a great meal. it's pricey - but hey, it's vegas so i'm not really factoring that into my review. i would definitely go back again!
My wife and I eat quite a bit of sushi and wanted to try this out to see if they do have a twist to standard sushi.  Fish was fresh and the service was quite good.  We stayed away from the standards and ordered the yellow tale taquitos, pork and pumpkin goyza and sea bass on skewers, all three we excellent.  The Carnival and Brazil rolls were good as well, I ordered the tuna and quinoa roll to see if what it was like - that was the one thing that was sort of meh.  All in all a good spot
Peru meets Brazil meets Japan is the brilliance of SUSHISAMBA!

Three different cuisines all beautifully merged to make an incredibly diverse menu, including sushi, tempura, ceviches, soups and noodles, robata meats, churrasco meats and more.

I came here on a Saturday night around 10:45 with my guy and the place was popping! The live DJ in the corner was playing a good mix of music which had me going from the get-go...even before my opening caipirinha! Mmmm

We sat down, looked at the menu and couldn't decide where to start...there's soo many options. So when the waiter came by and offered to create a custom menu with a few dishes from each cuisine for about 50 bucks a head we were SOLD!

We had the:
Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos: served with spicy aji panca sauce and fresh lime 
Neo Tokyo: bigeye tuna, tempura flake, aji panca 
Sashimi: Salmon and Tuna
Berkshire Pork Gyoza kabocha pumpkin pure and su-shoyu dipping sauce
Rib Eye Antichuchos: aji panca with Peruvian corn
Sea Bass Antichuchos: miso with Peruvian corn
El Topo: salmon, jalapeo, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzerella, crispy onion

All the dishes were absolutely delicious! But if I had to pick, the Yellowtail Taquitos and the two antichuchos would be at the top of my list, hands down...the beef antichucho was melt in your mouth, like buttahhh....and the sweet miso glaze on the sea bass was perfection! The El Topo is one of their signature rolls and it's pretty good but a bit on the heavy side from all the mozarella, in my opinion...

The service was extraordinary. The waiters and busboys were hanging on us hand and foot, promptly clearing dishes, constantly replacing utensils, plates, and refilling drinks. For me, the service takes this place from a 4 to a solid 5!

SUSHISAMBA, you did me proud!
This place is awesome and I don't know anyone who doesn't like eating here.

The service is outstanding, they can accommodate huge parties in the back of the restaurant and the menu itself is top notch.

The sea bass, sashimi, all their appetizers are phenomenal. Ironically I think the rolls and some of the sushi are the weakest things on their menu but the sashimi we got was super fresh. Also, get the seaweed sampler. I dont know why but I thought it was cool how you can get a plate with all kinds of different seaweed.

The bartenders at the little bar at the entrance also know whats up and the Dominican dude can pretty much mix up whatever drink you want.

The only reason i'm not giving this place 5 stars is b/c their rolls were pretty bland and not super imaginative. 

Sushi samba is a pretty safe bet for dinner, regardless of who is in your party. They'll be satisfied. Unless they suck.
Our first meal after a very long plane flight from the east coast turned out to be ok,but not over the top. The restaurant is very noisy,had to yell across the small table to my man . The waiter was terrific(thanks Carmine)'you really were a huge help. The food was tasty but nothing special,because of the noise level we opted out early and skipped dessert and coffee. All in all ok but nothing amazing.
Had and amazing time last night at Sushisamba. Great food all around and very cool decor. Was there for company dinner and the service was outstanding and the wood was very fresh tasting. In the end, I ate waaaaaaay too much!
we had 2 things to eat and a glass of sake (it was a shot actually ) and the bill came out to $150. Honestly, the food is good and different but you have to be in the mood to splurge here because the prices are extravagant
Amazing sushi with an excellent and truly unique atmosphere. Perfect for a romantic get-away.
Our server was competent but oddly disengaged. The space is cool and theatrical (like all SushiSambas are) and has a fun buzzy vibe.

The food was worth the somewhat spendy price-tag. This is a special occasion place, and holds up the vibe and quality of the other SushiSamba outlets.

Recommended for a splurge when your in Vegas (or NYC, Miami, or Chicago -- tho Chicago is still my favorite SS.)
Oh wow! The best sushi I have ever had!!! The edsumame appetizer was amazing! Definitely try the sea bass!!!! MELT IN YO MOUTH!!!!

The restraunt was dark and very hip. The waiter was very knowledagble about the menu and was able to suggest some menu items that we absolutly loved!!
Warning, this review may be biased because I ate here right after a big day with a workout and massage at Canyon Ranch Spa.  
We immediately got a table.  They had a tuna and salmon dish with two selections of each.  All four were delicious.  The fish was fresh and the preparation was different with a flair.  
As Arnold says, I will be back.
I'v posted on this before. Just can't say enough.  I think this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  The dish's are endlessly surprising, and endouringly flavorful.  Everything!!
Sushi is mediocre.
Prices are high.
Service is pretty bad. 
There are a lot of better places to eat in Vegas.
The atmosphere is really cool - especially the bathrooms!  Never a dull moment in Vegas. 

BUT ... our server was way rude.  We are in our 20s, we weren't very dressed up, we had just been walking around all day and wanted to end the evening with a big yummy meal.  The server made very clear to us how expensive the meal was going to be.  Yea, dude.  We can read the prices on the menu.  We all have smartphones and knew that this was a "$$$"+ place when we walked in.  It seemed he had made an assumption that we weren't going to spend a lot or tip well, and that was pretty annoying.  

We didn't let him ruin our meal ...... but he could have done a lot to make it better.  I'd come back and give it a second shot, because the meal was THAT delicious.  Great fusion selections, really unique and fun food.
I went to Vegas this past weekend with my sister and sisnlaw and we were looking for a place to have dinner for our first night there.We were craving something fresh but filling. We walked into Palazzo and look on thedirectory if they had a sushi restaurant. We found Sushi Samba.

We walked over and our waiting time for a table was about 45 minutes long. We didn't feel like waiting since we were hungry, so we sat at the bar. Our waiter was very nice and outgoing. He made our drinks very good and strong! (you get your money's worth)

The restaurant/bar is very clean,dimmed lighting, DJ played good music.

We had miso soup to start off with and ordered 5 different rolls. (with a side of rice bowls)

I must say the food was amazing! Very 
fresh and delicious..I would definitely come back again.
I'm back bitches!  

Unfortunately, the review that I chose my return on isn't a glowing five star, but a glowering 1 star.

The only meal I ate in Vegas for 3 days ( I kid you not) was Friday not at this place.  It came highly recommended by numerous friends, so I thought this should be some great sushi.  

Boy was I mistaken. 

Firstly, we had a 10PM reservation.  We arrived at 9:45 thinking we'll grab a seat at the bar and sip on a cocktail and people watch at all the bachelorette parties, etc.  Well, 45 mins later and we still didn't have a table.  My stomach was growling, and my face was scowling at this point.  

The hostess was rude when we would ask how much longer for a table, she would just say, You're next.  Really? I'm next you said that 10 people ago??!!

When we finally got our seats, we ordered the following:

--Rock shrimp:  It was tempura battered.  The first few bites were good, but as everything began to cool, it just became mushy.  

--Fusion sushi roll was boring, bland and well, you get the point

--The only thing that was excellent was the sea bass. It was moist, delicate and absolutely delicious.  But, $25 for 2 skewers left me wanting.  

The peruvian corn was awful..

The restaurant itself is everything that you would expect from Vegas. Upscale, trendy and expensive.  $200 for three items and 4 cocktails.  Not worth my only eating experience in Vegas that weekend.
Sorry, SushiSamba, but what happens in Vegas, certainly does not stay in Vegas.

I was recently on a business trip to the Sin City and ate at SushiSamba three separate occasions. The first two were great experiences, but sadly third time wasn't a charm. It completely ruined my entire experience.

While the sushi was good (certainly not the best I've ever had) I was appalled when my co-worker found a hair in his roll during my third meal there. As soon as he did, we notified our waitress and her reply was "can I get you another roll?" so he ordered a new one. Then she asks, "is it blonde? Because if it is, it may have been mine but don't worry I showered this morning."

Yelpers, I kid you not.

OH GEE THANKS! Now I can rest assured knowing your dead skin cells that are possibly floating around my stomach were at least CLEAN.

I about died - but instead stuck to eating coconut rice (I didn't dare touch a roll). A few minutes later..... another hair.

This time I stormed up and demanded the manager who questioned us the entire time and seemed entirely unconvinced that there was any hair in either of the rolls. I am sorry, but when a customer is SHOWING YOU a hair in their food, you should probably not question it. She then says, "I just have to check because sometimes it isn't hair. Sometimes it is just small shards of chopsticks that look like blonde hair."

Are you kidding me? So now, I should be happy with the fact that it might not be the waitress' CLEAN blonde hair, but instead a shard of chopstick that could pierce my esophagus?

I have never experienced a more ridiculous restaurant situation in my life. Needless to say I left with the worst impression of the entire restaurant, which is a pity considering the first two occasions went well. Good luck to whoever dines at this place - but don't worry, at least the hair in your sushi roll is probably clean.
Sushi Samba in L.V is a great looking place, with pretty good food.  Not much of a "Peruvian" flavor going on except for the Peruvian corn and Anticuchos.  Our waitress who said she was from Miami seemed to be preoccupied and did not sell us on her recommendations.., she was so preoccupied that it took her a long time to stop by our table again and notice that we were ready to order more of the over priced sushi.
This place gets packed & reservations are strictly a must, on the weekends (especially holidays).

5-Stars for excellent service!!!  We were there last Friday w/out a reservation, so the guy behind me cut right in-front of us & the host escorted him to his table (he turned around & laughed in our faces).  This is a 50+yr old man acting like a 5yr old.  In our 30's & 40's...We were way too mature to say anything back.  A really nice Asian lady-host (very attractive) approached me & offered to do her best to slide us in if any of the tables became available.  Five-minutes later I get a call to come-back quickly because she found a way to squeeze all six of us in.  Ironically it was next to the 5yr old mentality man...LOL!!!

Another 5-Stars for the menu!!!  I love Asian-Fusion cuisine & this place has a pretty large menu.  We were a moderate size group, so we tried almost everything on the menu.

Our consensus on likes are as follows:
Sawagani
Green Bean Tempura
Seaweed Salad
Tiger Shrimp Tempura
Yellowtail Seviche
Jumbo Shrimp Seviche
Peruvian Bay Scallops (Robata)
Anticuchos
Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass
Samba Rolls (Pacific)
Samba Rolls (Rainbow Dragon)
Samba Split for Two (Dessert)
Mochi (Dessert)
Housemade Ice Cream & Sorvete (Dessert)
Pisco Sour (Cocktails)
Chicha Sour (Cocktails)
Samba Juice (Cocktails)

The general manager (partner) came out to greet us, which was quite interesting.  Our tummies were full & our faces were happy.  Definitely coming back!!!
I dont recall exactly what Ive had here as Ive been 2-3 times, I just like the originality. It is a fun place they truly have an eclectic menu with a lot of orginality. I also really appreciate that the bartenders had a great knowledge of all the different saki they have.
Made reservations last minute and didn't have to wait too long.  The drinks came promptly and the first 3 of 5 small plates came out.  Then it all went down hill!  The dish we wanted to try the most they forgot about, service got delayed, 3 of 5 were pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary and one MIA dish.  When I told the waitress she didn't even apologize and left it on the bill after I told her it was missing.  Gave my credit card and she came back 10min later advising it's going to take 15-30min because the system is down.  They could have apologized, offered to get the order right away, offered a drink... Ect.
This was the best meal we had in Las Vegas.  Our server, Isabela, was amazing- so knowledgeable and sincere.  Since the menu was so complex, we just gave her a price point and a few preferences, and she took care of the rest.  It was so fun to have her describe plate after plate of delicious food, and we were always surprised by the next course.  The seabass skewers were a highlight, but everything was so good that it is hard to pick a favorite.  Thank you, Isabela!
We got to taste a bunch of little dishes before a large platter of sushi/sashimi came.  Definitely the way to dine!  Ranged from not that great but edible to pretty dang awesome.  The sushi rolls were a bit densely rolled I thought so it was just shy of rice cake consistency but the combinations were fantastic.  So I am a fan.  Yay~
This sushi is some of the best I have ever had.  It is not so expensive either, which is what is always so hard about mid-high tier sushi places.  Their happy hour is a little bit lacking, though, because the food is not very discounted.  Their drinks, however, are about half the regular price.  Nice strategy...  Go here if you're in the neighborhood and want some delicious sushi, with decent service, before your night in Vegas.
oh yea! love me some SUSHISAMBA! Ive dined here a few times and its always been awesome.
I always start out with a watermelon mojito... its amazingly refreshing.
My favorite app is the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos. I don't even know how to describe them apart from saying they re like putting heaven in your mouth.
I also always order the Pacific Roll. its  king crab, avocado, Asian pear, soy paper, wasabi-avocado crema. the pear in the roll really brings out the yellowtail and the wasabi is the cherry on top.
And also you cant forget to order the Peruvian Corn. Its AMAZING.
we just had 3 rows for a quick bite so cant really judge this place entirely.  Prices were surprisingly reasonable for a Sushi Restaurant on the Strip and in The Palazzo mall of all places.  Each one was great
This is what a fusion restaurant should be: a brilliant amalgamation of the best flavours of Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian cuisines and cocktails, wrapped up into one delightfully fun venue. I'd go back to Vegas and the Venetian for another bite here, that's for sure!

I started off with the Chu-Cumber cocktail (from the "Japan cocktails" sec'n), which is made of: shochu (the OTHER Japanese distilled spirit, aside from sake--a pretty good alternative to vodka, if I say so myself), Hendricks Gin, elderflower liqueur, and freshly muddled cucumber. Refreshing, light, just a tad sweet. Very good.

We then tried a bit of everything... Peruvian corn (love those giant kernels), a few small plates (crispy yellowtail tacquitos--spicy aji panca sauce and lime? yes, please), and a "large plate" a.k.a. entree. So, there's this cool long bar area in the middle of the restaurant, where you can perch yourself and eat/drink more casually... and the guys sitting next to us at the bar were SushiSamba regulars and highly recommended the Chilean Sea Bass for one of our large plate selections. Because I like you all, I'll echo the suggestion. So. good. so. tasty. so. tender.

I think it's a great restaurant with a vibrant vibe, and a delicious menu to boot. I already recommended it once to someone else who ended up going to Vegas a few weeks after I did, and they loved it, too. Definitely a bit pricey, but what do you expect when you're smack dab in the middle of the shops at The Palazzo? At least the quality matches the price!
1)The Chilean sea bass was quite possibly the best piece of fish I've ever had the pleasure of eating.

2)The coffee is excellent, and is served in cool glasses.

3) The ceviche is okay, but not what I would expect from a high-end fusion restaurant

4) The service?  Well, if the service was anywhere close to the quality of the sea bass, I'd easily give it five stars.  Unfortunately, the wait staff seemed overwhelmed by what I would think would be an average number of customers.  If they can get that down (and they should be able to, it *is* Las Vegas, after all), then I can see it being one of the better easy-entry restaurants on the Strip.
I ate here recently with a group of 5. We let the waiter select our menu for the night which I think is a great way to dine here. My only complaint is that we had too much food and I ate too much before the sushi came. Next time I will decrease the amount we spend per person and ask for the sushi to come sooner in the meal. We really enjoyed the Yellowtail Taquitos, Sea Bass and the Wagyu beef that we cooked on hot rocks!!! This was awesome!! Service was excellent!! I will go back!!
Celebrated a party with 16 people and the food and service both were amazing.
I. Love. This. Place.

I got in late on a Saturday nightbefore a convention, and I was craving sushi. I stumbled upon SushiSAMBA was quickly seated a table. The ambiance is dark, sort of like a night club but with sushi chefs inside. Because it's Vegas, the staff is distinctly beautiful. To their credit, they are all super nice and attentive. A live DJ spun an eclectic mix of songs ranging from hip hop classics, to top 40 and some 80s soft rock ballads. Every track had a great, catchy beat, and I found myself bobbing my head along with it more often than not.

I started with a Red Rice Ale which was absolutely fantastic. It is a pricey 11 oz. bottle at $14 but I loved the flavor. I stuck to a simple chef's choice sashimi and sushi combo which ran for $30. I've seen worse prices and i was definitely pleased with the value once the meal came out.

The display that came out was fantastic and consisted of 6 pieces of sashimi (tuna, yellowtail, and salmon), 6 pieces of sushi (tuna, shrimp, and mackerel), and a cut roll which came with a key lime and hoisin dipping sauce which I thought was really weird until I tried it and marveled and how the flavors complimented each other.

After the meal I had a Yamazaki Japanese whiskey, aged 18 years. Something about Japanese whiskey just does it for me. I had a 12 year Yamazaki a month or two ago but this 18 year whiskey was outstanding. It was sweet and spicy and went down smooth. I am glad I had it neat as I'm sure I would have lost some of the complexity if I had gotten it on the rocks like I usually do.

All in all, SushiSAMBA was an amazing experience. While I can't lie and say it was not bit expensive, I definitely felt like I got my money's worth. I'd love to come back here before or after a night out with friends to share the experience with a group
"The best meal I've ever had in my life": this was uttered by 5 of us at the End of the meal.

Our waiter, Max, gave us a $50-60 prix fix menu, and brought us a sampling of the best: edamame, tempura, meats, sushi, cod, squid, etc. all in all, it was amazing.

The scene is very cool. We didn't want to get hosed by going to a club, so this was the next best thing. Good people watching, good music, and amazing food.

Our waiter gave us a free round of cucumber shots, and was vey personable.

The hostesses were young, and dictate a while for us to be seated, but well worth the wait.
I do not miss this place every time I go to LV.... it never disappoints... EVER!!! Unfortunately my favorite dish is the hot rock that is served where you self cook the amazing steak... the sauces are to DIE for!!! It is very pricey though... but well worth it... also the Sea Bass kabobs you cannot miss!!
This place will literally bring tears to your eyes it is so good.  I tried to take pictures of the food, but every time I ended up remembering to reach for the camera, all I had left was a plate full of crumbs, a small jar of sauce, or a plain old rock.

The best thing to do here is to simply let them pick for you.  They will take your preferences, likes and dislikes, budget, and create something special for you.  It is a fusion feast taking the best of Japan, Brazil and Peru.  How does a little thin strip of Kobe beef sound, dipped in truffle oil, a little rock salt, and then cooked by you on a 550 degree Japanese river stone?  Or soft, fresh calamari dusted in a slightly spicy preparation that will leave you wondering where it all went?  

It is not cheap - but the quality is amazing and the service is spectacular.  I want to live here.  Actually, I'm not kidding.
Wow. You can't go wrong with this place unless you are looking for a quiet dining experience. They have a DJ and it is quite crowded with tables very close to one another. HOWEVER the food is to die for. I can't speak to the sushi but the churassco platters are beyond delicious. The hanger steak and ribeye are succulent. The chimichurri sauce is one of the best ive had. The pisco mojito is also delicious. It is pricey but its Vegas. I don't typically like fusion restaurants but this one is legit. Waiters are attentive and will try to order for you, which can be annoying.
Good sushi, especially the selection of Ceviches! They were incredibly accommodating of my food allergies as well.
sometimes when a place tries so hard to be hip & trendy it falls flat on its face. Fusion usually equates to eclectic, experimental & arrogant. Case in point. Transport this entire endeavor over to the Hard Rock, it might fit in better with the drunken, shit-faced, deep-pocketed wannabe hipsters... but @ the Palazzo this place fits in like having my cousin Guido shopping for a manifold for his '68 Chevy @ Tiffany's... In other cities I've lived in, this place would die from a lack of repeat biz, but here in Vegas it may just last since the 'one off, never again' crowds are virtually unlimited.
Good happy hour with tasty food and friendly hostesses. Love the caipirinha with Gyoza as well as the yummy calimari and rolls.
It was ok, but nothing spectacular about it....

Twist on Japanese and Brazilian cuisine
When my friends said we were going to meet up at Lavo after dinner I figured we can grab a bite to eat here.  It just sounds like an interesting mix of everything I love...Japanese and Latin food. Yums...

My friend and I wanted food but didn't want to be over fed either.  We asked the server what we should have and he suggested the 3 item meat plate (part of the Latin/Brazilian side) and maybe start with a seabass appetizer.  We went with his suggestions and were so incredibly satisfied.  The seabass was amazing.  It was flavorful but light just perfect before our meat combo.  For two girls it was more than enough food.  There was an option for a 5 meat option but I think that would've been over board.  Everything was pretty yummy and satisfying. 

Service was also nice.  Although this place is extremely busy at night and it's pretty hard to see (the dark atmosphere is great for romantic night but hard to see the menu).  Also, the decor was interesting.  I found myself having slight ADD trying to look around at everything from video montage in the background to the fun anime like murals.  Music was a tad loud too but you can still carry on a conversation.

Reservations are recommended but my friend and I just kinda came here on a whim and got in right away.  Given we're only a party of two.  Drink menu was crazy long with an extensive list of sake.  We didn't get any but I sure would think they'd have what you're looking for if you're in the mood to drink. Also, prices can be "steep" on some items but the items we got came to a grand total around $55 or so.  Not bad by Vegas standards and split between two of us that was nothing...we were full and happy.
Sushi, and Mojitos make for a great combination.  Not at Vegas prices though.  $90~ for 2 rolls, and a cocktail? I mean... Sure... There were 3 balls of cavier sitting on a roll, but, was it really enough to warrant the price of the roll? I obviously don't feel like it did... 

The fish was fresh-ish, but the rice was pretty blah... Overcooked, and cold... The most redeeming part of my experience was the gorgeous server actually seeming like she enjoyed her job... 

Alas, Vegas will be Vegas, and Vegas will be overpriced and underclassed...
The fusion cuisine didnt quite work here. 
The sushi/nigiri was all right, at best.
Over-priced kanpachi / sashimi plates.

I dunno, mediocre sushi just doesnt cut it for me anymore. For good sushi I would yelp some hole-in-the-wall restaurants with a real sushi bar, and order omakase.

This may sound bitter but im very sensitive about my sushi. ;)
My mother and I are came here last Sunday for Happy Hour.  The sushi was absolutely delicious- fresh with decent portion sizes.  We particularly liked that they don't use a lot of rice  in lieu of other ingredients like many sushi restaurants. We tried several dishes from the Happy Hour menu at $6 each:

Spicy Tuna Roll - good not not too different from other spicy tuna rolls we tried
Shrimp Tempura Roll - good portions of shrimp tempura and not too greasy
Salmon Sushi - great flavor with asparagus.  This was my mother's favorite.
Japanese Style Salt and Pepper Squid - a bit salty but quite tasty.  Small portion.
Yellowtail Seviche- two thinly sliced yellowtail with a tasty spicy sauce.  This was my favorite.

In addition, we ordered the California roll which was $14.  However,  they used real crab instead of imitation crab.  It was quite tasty with generous amounts of crab used.  

The service was good.  The restaurant itself is dark with several televisions positioned around- they don't show sports just a program about sushi.  It would be even better if they had a television at the bar for sports.
Executive Chef Herb Wilson is a genius! The lobster dumplings with corn are beyond words. Thanks for making a special batch for me. :) See you next time I'm in Vegas.
I was meeting a former coworker for lunch who actually works in the back of house for the Venetian, and she suggested catching up at sushisamba.

I was a little skeptical about getting sushi in Vegas--after all where in the heck is the closest ocean?!  Nevertheless, our sushi and sashimi tasted very fresh and of good quality. 

We split a combination platter and two rolls. I can't remember exactly which rolls we got, but one roll had pear in it. I would never have imagined utilizing pear in a sushi roll, but it was a perfect compliment to the raw fish.

That experience pretty much sums up sushisamba: a contemporary take on sushi rolls. Innovated flavor combinations and fresh fish!

In typical Vegas fashion, the interior is beautifully done and sets it apart from your ordinary sushi joint.

A tad pricy for sushi, but you get what you pay for, and at sushisamba you get quality and innovation. 

Folks this ain't your run o' the mill sushi joint!
My absolute favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Whenever I'm in NY, Montreal or Miami: I try to stop by.  I can't put my finger on it but they all differ slightly.  The Miami locale lacked alot of the zest and pow you get in Vegas.  Out of all the ones I been to, I like vegas the best. 

The Churrasco plate is wicked. I usually go with 3-5 friends and share this plate.  The chorizo is off the hook.  All kinds of flavor happening.  The new tokyo and topo rolls are insane good.

Try this place you won't be dissapointed.
Awful...that's the only word I have to describe our experience at SushiSamba. We had a reservation at 8:30, and we arrived around 8:15. We knew we were a tad early, so they told us it would be a few minutes. We did not sit down until around 9 p.m., meanwhile they sat parties of walk-ups ahead of us. I was willing to overlook this little snafu when we finally sat down, but then we were completely ignored by our waiter. By the time 9:30 p.m. rolled around, we had not ordered, we did not have water, and we did not have a waiter. He finally made his way over to our table, at this point we were starving.

We all got cocktails and ordered, but it really felt like they were off their game since everything took forever to reach our table. I have to think it was a bad night, because this place would be out of business with service like this every night. 

The food was okay, we got the appetizer sampler, a few specialty rolls, and skewers. Typical sushi fare, I didn't quite see the fusion aspect. My friend got pretty sick after the meal, so something he ordered did not agree with him. 

Overall, horrible experience, I'll never go back and I'd never recommend it to anyone coming in to town. Save yourself the headache and pick almost any other restaurant for a better time.
good but a bit pricey.  We had the mushrooms in cocount milk, tuna ceviche, hamachi sushi, and spicy tuna rolls - all were very good.
Came here with a group of 9 guys. The waiter basically ordered for us and did an excellent job. Food is incredible. The sushi wasn't the best, but the appetizers and sashimi were out of this world. I especially liked the sea bass and fish taco. Came out to $60 plus tax tip and drinks. Great place for groups, ambiance is great. I would go back.
This is really a 3.5 start review, Read on...The food is spectacular and atmosphere is funky cool. The Service was very attentive. Be warned. If you go in a group and they ask to "put together some courses for the table" you will pay and you will pay very very dearly. This seems to be their normal mode with big groups (6-10) as we have had them ask the last 3 times we have gone. The previous times we ended up with great food and probably spent a little more than we intended. 

This last trip was over the top. They kept the courses coming including the Hot Rock Kobe Beef. This was a super cool food experience and great tasting- but $160 PER PLATE? Frankly I'd refer to the wait staff as salespeople who did a darn good job giving my Platinum card a major workout. 

I have no idea how Yelp can rate this $$$ as it should be $$$$ with maybe an extra $ tossed on for good measure. 

Overall- awesome food, deceptive "meal suggestions" and crazy prices. Will I go back- yes-but I'll be selecting my own food next time thank you very much!
A group of 16 of us which wasn't fair for a review. We went for a pre-set $$ per person and a culinary experience. It was outrageous. For $40/60/80/100 per person you could have a great experience. Ours was total gluttony. Great food, great service. Have the fried lobster. No-- have the sushi experience---- no have the drink tree--- no have the crab---. Whatever-- it was great. Dessert--- you've gotta be kidding. It was there, but----
Oh and for those who are into it-- the 500 degree rock with Kobe beef to grill on it. That plus a few bottles of wine. Schwing!!
One of my favorite restaurants in the world. A mix of Japanese and Brazilian fusion cuisines. Take your great sushi and Japanese seafood, and throw in unique Brazilian flavors. Everything here tastes amazing. It's also pricey ($25-75 per person depending on what you order), but worth it.

The cod is dipped in unique sauces that even the most seasoned palates can't distinguish.

The sushi rolls have some sort of flair that make me want to watch Dragon Ball Z while doing the samba during Carnival.

The Chilean sea bass is basically an orgasm in your mouth. Lord almighty! Get it.
Even for a Las Vegas hip joint, over-priced.  Sushi quality only average (in LA, similar quality sushi would be about 1/3 the price).  Nice looking waitresses.
My friend Ems really loves this place so she took me here awhile ago for dinner. 

Decor is pretty nice, a bit on the dark side but is a bit on the noisy side. I found myself nearly yelling a few times just to have a conversation with my friends. 

Food though is excellent. We had the ceviche dish that we got to choose four different types. Excellent. I really recommend getting that. We also got a few sushi rolls, one of which was the foie gras roll. A MUST. So good, a bit pricey but what do you expect with foie gras. Totally worth the money. 

We ended up ordering a dessert but it was nothing to really note. Overall though the food was amazing. Definitely a good spot for Japanese!
Overpriced. 
No Service. 
This place used to be good. Every time we go Vegas we'd go this place. But this time I was really disappointed. Lack of service & overpriced items. Not worth the hype.
We'll look different place for our sushi spot next visit.
Stumbled onto this place by accident.  Man, this place is great!  The food selection is amazing.  Just about something for everyone, the Brazilian corn they they had was great!  It's a Japanese/Brazilian/Peru menu, so it's has something for just about everyone.  The price is kind of pricey, but again...it what you might expect in a restaurant at The Palazzo, but nothing ridiculously crazy or overpriced.  Only downer I say and this is just my opinion would be they music was just a tab bit loud for my taste.  But it seems to be like an After Hours/Drinks establishment, so it works for the vibe its going for!  Give it a try next time your in Vegas,
Sushi Samba is one of my favorite places to visit when I am in Las Vegas. The food is amazing and the drinks that are created are out of this world. I especially recommend seeing Alan, as he makes this place the reason I come to Sushi Samba. I get incredible customer service and he makes me feel like I matter!!!'
Wow, amazing! Chef John personally came out to greet us and gave us some special rolls and treats, thanks to a referral! Came here for a bachelorette dinner ahd were seated in the back since there was like 20 of us! They have a back section that looks a lot more private. We had the chef make us whatever he wanted. The orders just kept coming and coming. We were stuffed by the time the last order came out. Service was also spectacular. The waiters and waitress were very attentive and always asking how the food was and explaining what dish was being served.

Presentation is superb!
Drinks were delicious!
Food was fabulous. 

Nothing bad to report. You have to experience it for yourself!
I guess I'm just in a bad mood but NOBODY CARES which overpriced show you were on your way to see or that you've been to their other locations oh so many times...we get it. You're well-traveled, posh and cultured. It's Yelp, we all are or at least put on airs like we are, get over it!

Peh.

Anyway.

The Pacifica roll was good, it was one of their signature rolls. The regular roll we got was tasty too. Can't speak for their steaks...but prepare to be disappointed with the taquitos. They're so small you could feed four of them to your Shiba-Inu/Fox-Paulistinha mix puppy and have it look up at you in hungered disappointment. (A Shiba Inu is a small Japanese dog and a Fox Paulistinha is a small Brazilian dog. If you mixed them I think you would get a pretty small dog.)

Service was OK, the wait for a table was short but wait for food was substantial, and the menus were pretty confusing.
I had eaten at the SushiSamba in Dallas a while back and really enjoyed the food, so I was looking forward to the Las Vegas location to see if it lived up to my food memories.  We had reservations for 9:00PM after the Las Vegas Marathon so my runner friends could get a nice recovery meal that wasn't too heavy.  And that wasn't too far away from their hotel!

We were seated right away, and the vibe of this restaurant was really fun and funky- dark and romantic but with lots of good music.  We decided to split a bunch of small plates which ended up being perfect.  We started with the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos which were so delicious, but small enough that they left me wanting more!  The tempura mushrooms were light and flavorful with just the right amount of crispiness.  The chicken skewers were YUM but the highlight of the meal was the seabass skewers.  I had these in Dallas and they were every bit as delicious as I remembered.  Love the peruvian corn too.  Normally each order of skewers comes with 2, which would have led to a caveman-style meat fight between the 3 of us, but our server was kind enough to suggest we add a third skewer to the order so we all got to try.  Great service on her part.

We also had 2 of their special sushi rolls- The Pacific Roll and the Green Envy.  Both were very good and tasted very unique, as opposed to a lot of "special rolls" you find out there that are just bigger and they charge more for.

All in all, I was very pleased with this meal and would definitely like to go back in the future... but there's so many places to try in Vegas that its hard to commit!
Great, great ambiance!  the bartenders were super attentive and gave generous drink portions -- yay!!!!
The food was ok.  The mushroom appetizer was good, and so were the sushi.  The major complaint is the service.  When we are sitting down, a woman was complaining already that the server took a long time to come around.  But her english was bad, and I don't think the hostess took it seriously.  Unless my wife and I experience the same thing.  We order a bottle of decent saki, and our waiter had to be reminding twice to refill our drinks.  And he got two of orders wrong.  He made some excuse about the system, but one order was wrong after I reminded him of my hamachi order after getting the yamato roll.  We told this to the manager, not sure if he will do anything.  I think we was just going to calm the customer, I told him it was one of the worst services in Vegas, and we have been to many places (including cafes and Joel Robuchon's place) of wide range.  I strongly recommend you complain quickly if you see a skinny waiter with glasses and goatee comes over.  A true disappointment.
Excellent food, the sushi is well done and interesting. Tried many different items and all of them were excellent. The drinks are awesome with a wide range of selections on the menu. 

Prices are high as expected.
Go figure, we were drunk and roaming around vegas at 1 am in dire need for some food that didn't come off a dollar menu.  We randomly ran into Palazzo an found Sushi Samba.  Great food and I'm not just saying that because we were drunk.  Try the rockfish appetizer and cucumber martini- to die.
Favorite new place on the strip in Vegas! We first got there and was placed at possibly the worst table in the place- right near the bar and 5 inches from the next couple. However, it was New Year's weekend and everyone was desperate to even get in, so we got over this minor negative in a hurry. Our server, Justin, more than made up for the bad seating. He was knowledgable and gave great suggestions as to what to try. We diced on letting the chef bring us a sampling of his creations. Boy, what a gift!
Usually I don't go for Fusion restaurants, but as it was New Year's Eve and Sushi Samba was close to our room (Palazzo) we opted to try it out.  I'm very happy to say we had a great experience from beginning to end!  We made reservations a week in advance knowing Vegas would be filled to the brim for New Year's, and we were glad we did!  It was crowded but we were seated promptly, and since we had a big party we got to sit in the back section and it was very roomy and comfortable.  Our waiter suggested omakase (family style) where you can set any price point everyone was comfortable with.  We set $60 a person (without drinks) and the food just kept on coming!  Most of the dishes were a hit, some was a miss but that's easily forgiven with the sheer amount of food they give you.  The rock shrimp, curry/mushroom/duck dish, sashimi, rolls and sea bass were sooo good!

At one point there was a lag between the dishes and our waiter was nice enough to bring some dishes out on the house, and also gave us a free dessert!  SO nice!  If you're staying at Palazzo/Venetian and don't want to venture out into the strip for a nice, upscale delicious restaurant, give Sushi Samba a try! :)
I ate at the bar, even though I had a table reservation, because I was by myself and realized that, with a rollerbag in tow, that it was going to be nasty going once the place filled up. I ordered a couple of things, two different ceviches, one hamachi collar, and one whole roast fish (I was combining lunch and dinner budgets, because I was getting on a really long flight). I have to say, my server didn't bother trying to pace my food. The whole fish came right after the collar, and although they accommodated my request to take it back and keep it heated, it had definitely lost something. Minus one star for that, and the restaurant hadn't even become more than one-third full yet. Secondly, the two roast fishes were way too similar, even though the whole fish was advertised as having all kinds of goodness and was much more expensive than the simple collar. However, both ceviches were excellent and I suspect this place is much better at Latin-Japanese fusion than anything else (but what should I expect?). This place is probably worth exploring (and requires it), but you'll need a big wallet or some serious need to dine in cool locations. I would get my fix of this kind of cuisine elsewhere.
One of my favorite restaurants. I was here with several people, and we opted for the 7 course chef's choice meal. It was worth every penny. The highlight for me was the wagyu beef. They bring it raw and let you sear it on a hot stone.
This is the kind of place you go to if you want to try a bunch of dishes and eat family style. You pick the amount you want to spend and then tell the waiter what kind of flavors you like. For the most part, we left it up to the waiter to choose our dishes. We started off with sushi before we got to any of the other dishes. The sushi itself was nothing amazing. Honestly, it was kind of disappointing. The other dishes however, were fantastic. If you're in a rush, this is not the place for you. The food comes one by one so and the server/host takes his time explaining each and every ingredient that goes into everything. The ambiance is nice though. Very chill with a good crowd and relaxing music. A great place to stop by for dinner with friends.
I was seated around midnight and ordered a glass of wine and a few items. While waiting for my food I browsed the yelp reviews and noticed they have happy hour, but the server didn't mention that or give me the happy hour menu. I asked for it and noticed they had a wine for $6 (instead of $15) and $6 spicy tuna roll (instead if spicy tuna hand roll for $7.75) and some other interesting items. Not a biggie, but I pointed out to the server's colleague that she should have given me that menu right away. The server apologized and cried a few crocodile years. They adjusted my tab to reflect the happy hour prices and I got the Spicy tuna handroll as a free bonus. 

The quality and taste of the food was excellent, 5 stars, the environment was chic and nice. The menu is definitely fusion so don't expect to see all your favorites.
Amazing service, they really must have a seperate washing machine for the main plates they use- cleared like 4 from me alone. I'm sure that everyone comments on the sea bass, and so I'll add my two cents- phenomenal. Fresh sea bass is tough to find and they prepared it the best way possible (IMHO), skewered with a miso glaze. We depended on our sharp, confident waitress to guide us through the menu and she did wonders. Along with the sea bass, our rolls were expectantly first class as was the fresh tuna seviche with almonds and jalapenos rich with flavor. Aside from the crazy movie looping on the wall in the background wandering aimlessly from a south China fishing village to a hot Brazilian beach; the atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable also- a bit trendy, but what did you expect?
Food: Food here is pretty solid for the most part. Tempura fried green beans with truffled aioli and crispy yellow tail taquitos were bright memorable flavors. The pacific roll was decent but not worth the price you pay for. The salt and pepper squid was a let down since they use squid strips, which were thick and chewy. 

Service: Friendly and down to earth. However our server failed to mention a tasting menu to us when other servers had mentioned it to nearby customers. Perhaps a bit of stereotyping?

Ambience: SushiSamba kills it on ambience. Japanese street art and whimsy decor fill the dining area. Its hip and urban and I love it. Their seating arrangements left something to be desired though. I sat centimeters away from guests on opposite sides of me. A bit claustrophobic. 

Verdict: With some standout as well as some strikeout dishes, SushiSamba is that kind of place that's great to share a few Japanese inspired tapas before a drunken night out on the strip.
I wish they had a Sushi Samba where I live! My husband and I were visiting Las Vegas, and came across this amazing place. The waiter was so friendly and helpful in showing us the ropes of the menu +  gave us recommendations. Well he did a great job of that, because our food was succulent, flavorful and just a amazing! lol...Seriously I will go back for more when I'm back in the area. It's the best sushi + calamari I've had. Well worth it!
3 stars

Don't get me wrong, the food was great and full of flavor...
Despite the $600 bill we had a great meal
The down side???  SERVICE was horrible! 
Just because we have a party over 6 people and it guarantees you automatic gratuity of 20% does NOT mean you could be such a douchebag!
I wish I got my servers name... White male in his mid 30s I'd say, with dirty I groomed facial hair.

When we had a question about the menu he would stop us abruptly and say "well wait until I finish saying the specials for the night" who does that!!! He cut us off at least 3 times. Out waters went empty for a looong time where I would ask any wandering buss boy to refill out waters for the whole table 

Seriously?? We're paying for a nice dinner... I didn't ask for a side of your nasty attitude

Will NOT be returning to this establishment
Everything was great -- service, our waiter really new the menu and made some great suggestions. Food was great. Presentation was good. Not over the top but  not bad either. Flavor was great. Drinks came quickly...the cucumber martini is unique and while it's not my type of drink I tried it and liked it. I would say the only critique was that the martini was weak but you can't let a bartender lower the rating for what was an overall great experience. I'll go back, for sure.
This week two times for dinner, returning customer... But now a little dissapointed, service was not what I remembered, there were several little issues, that never happened before: some of the things we ordered took more than 30 minutes to be brought to the table, susshi rolls and drinks!!!  There was no coffee of any kind, hard to understand in a place like this: in my case, I don't drink alcohol, so I am really looking forward for my coffee with my dessert. Server was doing OK, trying to compensate this and that; about the coffee he brough the "manager", a very unpolite bad manners guy, whose only response was: they didn't bring coffee I have to deal with that company, not even "I am sorry"... The only things that have not changed are the prices... Not very good to mantain those HIGH prices, and obligated tips in large parties (we were 6, so 20% tip was added regardless of the bad service), I was saying, not very good, especially in this city, were food and service have such high standards.... Even with the great taste of the food there, very unlikely to return there...
Vegas is suppose to be expensive... but... if you go with a group of 6+ people, ask for the sampler menu.  You literally tell them the approximate $$ you want to spend per person... any allergies, likes/dislikes etc and they make a 3 course meal for you! Best part, if you don't like it... they take it right off... Make sure no matter what... you get the seabass skewers and gyozas... I still drool when I look at the pictures.
We arrived at 8:45 for our 8:30 dinner reservation without any hassle... the place was so festive! The music, the videos on the screens and the decor created a very vibrant atmosphere and the restaurant was packed and loud, we did feel like we were yelling at each other while having a conversation during dinner! Our waitress was knowledgeable and the food and cocktails were delicious! Everything I wanted from a dinner in Vegas. It's pricey...but hey, it's Vegas we were expecting it. 

If they have the lobster served escargot style get it! I also recommend the cucumber martini.
Had a fantastic dinner tonight and can't thank Allen enough for his incredible hospitality and the superb food and service. The service team, including Jeff and Alice, are spectacular and the  food is awesome. Had the pork gyoza's, hamachi, mushroom tapan and the sea bass skewers and it all tasted fantastic. To add to the superb evening were the artistic creations of the most flavorful and delicious drinks. Yaz and Mikey served up the most amazing drinks that I can't stop thinking about going back for more. With the incredible team behind the bar including Yaz, Mikey, Cathy and Luna you will always have a great drink experience. The food, service and drinks are unparalleled and a truly unforgettable experience.
The food:
The YUMMY:It's been a long time, but damn, those yellow tail taquitos are forever in my food memory.  If I had a choice I'd probably order 3 orders of those and eat em all night.  The pretty good: Also had some sushi which was really good, server recommended some rolls not mentioned in the menu which were spot on, but cant top the yellow tail taquitos!

BTW, place is a bit pricey (if you order alot), so be prepared if your trying to fill up b/c your wallet is gonna throw up benjamin's all over the place and there will be nothing left to gamble with! 

Am I coming back?  
Can't wait to try the rest of the food on the menu : )
Not great. I don't get the four and five star reviews for this place, I really don't. And the food wasn't terrible.  Just severely overrated and overpriced.  After a few dishes, completely un-wowed, we moved on to greener pastures.
Whenever we are in Vegas and stay at the Palazzo, The Better Half insists on stopping by this joint so she can get her Sushi on.  On this particular visit, I joined her for lunch and we grubbed.

She ordered 4 orders of Unagi (Eel), $4 ea. I ordered some Edamame, $6 and the Seared Wagyu Beef, $18.

The Beef was awesome and while it's a small plate, it's very rich and fulfilling.  TBH enjoyed her Unagi....it's her fav.

We ate lunch at around 3 pm, which is a great time to do that because it's between the busy lunch and dinner hours, so there's not too many people around.  When it gets busy, it can get crowded.

We'll definitely be back.

Return Factor - 90%
Excellent food, unusual ordering.  You give the waitress an amount per person to spend, what you like and don't like ingredient wise, and then they proceed to bring the food.  Clever idea, different.  We certainly got our money's worth.  The food and service were very good to excellent.  Coming from SF you always expect the food to be outstanding...
The restaurant was upscale and trendy, but so loud...I guess that is Vegas style.
Their food was delicious especially the sashimi which was very fresh and tasty.  The staff was super friendly and attentive.  Flavorful drinks.   I love the Peruvian influence.  This was one of the best restaurants we ate at during this Vegas trip.  I highly recommend trying this place out but make sure you have reservations b/c it's popular.
Rounding out my three night kobe adventure was sushi samba.  This place was pretty darn cool. I give them 4 stars for the kobe and 3 for the rest.  The sushi was very good, but not "las vegas" good.  There are far better places if you just want sushi.  But this place is different, offering a spin of Brazillian flare on the Japanese standard.  I liked the playfulness.... 

but back to the important stuff... the Kobe!  Grade A5 from Japan (I'm guessing Vegas had a shipment of this because every place said they had A5 Japanese Kobe!)  Sushi Samba brought out a plate of raw sliced kobe next to a line of dry and wet spices/marinades.  Then came the huge hot rock.  We were then instructed to dip the beef in the marinade of choice, set on rock for 30 seconds a side, then sprinkle with preferred dry spice.  I watched the ladies at our table go first and I saw them immediately go to their "happy place" with the first bite.  After the rest of the table ate, I could see everyone counting the remaining pieces to see how many more bites they had.  Hahahaha!!! So much fun!

Great Sake list if you like that (which I do).  Hundreds of junmai daiginjo bottles going into the $1,000's.  I found a decent one for $50 (300ml).  So recap, get the kobe, enjoy the sushi... don't go if sushi is all that you want, there's better.
I started off ordering the Otsumami which is an assortment of tempura style vegetables.  Wow, this was delicious.  The green bean and the Shishito were perfectly fried - enough to keep that "snap" to the vegetables that I enjoy - and the mayonnaise based dips were delicious.  A little heat and enough flavor to add a bit to the vegetables.

My two sisters and I ordered the Rio Grande 3 Meats.  They were cooked to perfection and even the pork melted in your mouth.  The various dips were great, I liked the vinegar based one, but my sister enjoyed the parsley one (Sorry didn't get the name of it).

My sister also orderd the grilled fish collar.  That was a meal onto itself!  So well cooked.  My niece had the 3 hand roll combo and she loved it. It was wrapped in soy wrap instead of seaweed, so very healthy.

Overall a great experience.
Judging from the reviews, I had high expectations for this place. My boyfriend and I were feeling a little spendy that day, and I was very excited to try a higher tier, more expensive sushi restaurant. From the prices, I was expecting high quality, unique, delicious sushi. I was assuming that it would be their specialty judging from the name of the place. I ordered a few rolls that the waitress suggested and gyoza for dessert. The gyoza was in fact delicious, the best thing we ordered that night. The sushi and rolls however were mediocre, and the fish did not taste fresh. The presentation was nothing special, it did not even compel me to take a picture of it.  Not to exaggerate, but I've had better tasting and more beautifully presented sushi at local sushi places or even AYCE. Service was okay, the waitress wasn't THAT friendly, and we rarely saw her come by our table to check up on us. We were very disappointed. For the price we paid, we expected something much better. We are probably never going to come back.
Awesome - Definitely worth visiting if you are staying at the Palazzo or Venetian.

I liked this place a lot and actually ended up eating here twice (lunch & dinner) on my last trip.  For dinner, I was with 5 colleagues and we just had the waiter take care of us. For $60 a pop, he brought lots of little dishes that we could share plus a big boat of sushi & rolls. It was an extremely good deal and I highly recommend letting them order for you. We had an vegan in our party and they also accommodated him while taking care of us omnivores.
3 1/2 Stars.

Craving sushi on the strip, a couple of my colleagues and I decided to check out Sushi Samba for lunch one week day. The place was fairly busy with business people grabbing quick lunch at the bar and the sushi bar. We opted for the tasting menu- since Sushi Samba is known to be flexible with their tasting menu depending on the budget. One of the colleague mentioned that he's done a dinner tasting menu for about $40 per person and it was amazing. The server said for about $4-50 per person, we will get a variety of things including cold/hot dishes and some sushi. 

Salt & Pepper Squid - Alright. Thicker cuts, the seasoning on the batter was a little different than normal. 
Berkshire Pork Gyoza - Typical Gyoza
Yellowtail with Japaleno and lemongrass - The fish quality was very good, but the citrus dressing was too overpowering
Tuna with granny smith apple, serrano, lime - same as above- the dressing was too overpowering
Hamachi Kama - Great portion, perfectly cooked. My favorite thing during the lunch
Two special rolls- one with shiso was pretty good, the other one I do not remember because it was nothing special
Sashimi Platter - Very fresh quality of uni, salmon, tuna, and yellowtail.

I must say I was impressed by the quality of the fish, but did not think it was worth $50 per person between 4 people. I will give it another try by going a la carte for lunch.
Oh. My. God. I want to eat here every day of my life, if only for the ishi yaki. My wallet is already throwing a fit about the thought of how quickly I would go broke, but akdsjhfakjldhf. Words cannot describe how much I want to go back and eat ALL THE THINGS. Well more specifically, all the ishi yaki.

In reality though, Sushisamba is unfortunately a sometimes food (unless you're a bajillionaire, in which case, dine on! I will live vicariously through you). It's just too expensive for me, as a student to afford. Thank goodness someone else was picking up the check when I went.

My family and I had our Christmas dinner here at like... 9pm (yea, we did Christmas in Vegas). It was by far, the fanciest Christmas dinner I have ever had. 

We were seated in the back room area since we had a relatively large party, but since it was so late, it was mostly empty there, which was simultaneously nice and eery. Our waiter suggested we do the tasting menu, where he and the chef craft our meal for us, but since my mom had just been here with some colleagues the week before, we decided to just let her order for us, since she knew what was good. 

- Salt and Pepper Squid: the seasoning made this extra delicious-- a really good starter
- Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos: also yummy, though I may be biased because yellowtail is one of my favorite fish; very lime-y
- Rock shrimp tempura: a twist on regular tempura, but absolutely delicious; if you don't like spicy mayo, maybe not your thing
- Ishi Yaki: Words cannot describe. Grade A5 Japanese Waygu that you cook yourself on a hot Japanese river stone? Yes, please! You take a slice of meat, dip it in oil, and then put it on the hot stone to let it cook. There's a few different dipping sauces and three different types of salt that you can add to your meat. All of them are delicious, though I am partial to the black salt. There were some pears on the plate, so I was like what the heck, why not cook those on the stone too. Still delicious. Even thinking about this is making me crave it. The ishi yaki is really expensive, but if you're going to go for any of the Japanese Waygu options, go for this one because it is definitely the most unique.
- We ordered a bunch of sushi rolls, which were good, but not the most amazing ones I've ever had.
- Also, the lychee bubbletail is really good. The alcohol is not overpowering, it's not too sweet, and they put a real lychee (probably from a can) in it.

Random: I really like the music on their website... That probably sounds really weird, but it's true. Love it.

tl;dr: I know for a fact that the main reason why I love Sushisamba as much as I do is because I was not paying. It was a crazy expensive meal, but it was delicious because we ordered some rather expensive (but good! oh so very good!) things. If you're not willing to splurge, you'll probably think I'm crazy for giving them a 5-star review, but if you are, be prepared to be amazed. Just don't think about the check. And get the ishi taki. 5-stars for that alone.
I went there in December, 2012 with a friend. Great food and nice service. I will definitely go back!
Nice creative dishes.  Pork belly was very good.  Other dishes good.  Very expensive.  Would have gone to Nobu, but they aren't open for lunch.
Service was awful and sushi was just so so.  I prefer Social House in Crystals.  Won't be back.
One of my new favorite restaurants in Vegas! It's not crazy expensive and the food is delicious. 

Since fois gras is no longer served in California, I can get my fois gras fix here -- sushi with fois gras and gold flecks!

I love the Peruvian Corn. The Sea Bass is solid as well.

Anything fish -- ceviche or sushi rolls are yummy. 

Oh and drinks!! Get the special mojito. 

I've eaten here 4x in one week!! That's pretty nutso given that I always like to try new places.
Great meal.  We tried the tasting menu and the server  brought what the chef chose to send.  A variety of appetizers and entrees that were all fantastic.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
I always come here every trip to Vegas. Sushi Samba never disappoints! Service and food is always on point. I also love love the fact that they have a lychee martini - a bit hard to find these days. The sea bass,  grilled octopus, and all the sushi rolls were awesome. It's a Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese fusion style restaurant and is full of a young and fun crowd on the weekends. We went on a Saturday and they had a DJ so it can be a little difficult to converse. The ambiance is much like a lounge and the prices are not cheap! If you're not broke from gambling come by this awesome restaurant located in the Palazzo!
Man, I love this place. I should have reviewed it sooner, before I decided that I was going to only eat vegetarian on Tuesdays (and Mondays, and Wednesdays. Argh!). Ah, such is life.

But, the great news is, they DO have delicious vegetarian options! I quit drinking and even their mocktails were mouthwatering! I had the Watermelon Mojo and really felt like having no alcohol was a-ok! It was so sweet and so watermelon-y. They could have just kept filling my glass up, but thinking about the sugar content gave me pause. So, I had one. It was all I needed to know that their mocktails are FAB!

For appetizers we ordered the otsumami. It was good a combination of edamame, green bean tempura and shishito and I couldn't stop eating it! Really perfect size for a group (unless you have someone like me who hoards it for themselves, then, problems). The green beans were like never ending. I put one in my mouth and then another and another, breaking every now and again for the shishito, which is sweet (but spicy) peppers. Man, I could have eaten that for days. 

This time we just ordered two rolls. Because one wasn't vegetarian I didn't partake, but as with all things SUSHISAMBA, it looked delicious! The other was the veggie kun and it was really great. The flavors blended nicely (there are a lot of ingredients in this roll) and sort of melted in my mouth. I would highly recommend. I also wish they had more vegetarian options, though this was plenty at the time.

This is my second time here, the first time I had the Yamato roll. HOLY. I was a huge fan of foie gras at the time and to have that on a roll was so decadently delicious that it, right then and there, became my favorite sushi roll ever. I won't ever forget that, ever. 

I know Vegas is known for a lot of really great AYCE sushi places, but if you want something that transcends those and gives you a more cultured, elegant, tasteful experience, you can do no better than SUSHISAMBA.
We had an absolutely fabulous dinner at SushiSamba. We knew we wanted sushi and per yelp reviews decided to eat here. It far surpassed our wildest expectations. We had the best server, Vanessa, who advised we try their tasting menu. We were not disappointed. SushiSamba is a mix of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian cuisine and I'm so glad we didn't just get sushi. The tasting menu was exactly what we were looking for and didn't even know it. Thanks to our amazing server we went on a culinary adventure. Vanessa selected all of our drinks as well as each course and she was spot on with her selections. We will definitely be back to SushiSamba and are already looking forward to a repeat performance. Don't be meek ordering here, go for it and get the tasting menu - you will not be disappointed! 

Also, after reading some of the negative reviews I would assume they tried to order straight off the menu... I would not recommend this as what our waitress picked for us wouldn't have entered our minds to order.  I think if we had tried to order off the menus we'd have had a fail meal too. Stick to your waitress/ers recommendations and you will not be disappointed!
First time there on 2-13, and it was a great experience. Try the Chilean Sea Bass dinner.  It was the best fish dinner I ever had.  First Class service, and tremendous food.   The sushi is prepared like a fine art sculpture.  Enjoy
A unique Peruvian/Japanese/Brazilian fusion restaurant with a fun, trendy vibe. The service was really nice and our waitress was patient and accommodating. 

I would most definitely recommend the samba part of Sushisamba. We started off the night tapas style with some yellowtail taquitos, tuna seviche, and sea bass. Each one was amazing, but the taquitos were off the charts amazing. Flavorful and spicy! 

For rolls, we ordered the specials, one with strips of kobe beef on top which was awesome. 

Definitely recommend!
So I admit it's been a while since I've been to Sushi Samba, but when it first opened my husband and I went frequently for both dinner and happy hour. 

I had been to the one in NY and been blown away by how cool it was. Very trendy, very chic, so in! Now that I know about the robata grill I feel we must have missed out on a lot of good options, but each time we went our meal was fabulous. expensive but great. We've tried many of their rolls, of cours ethe different types of ceviche and tiradito, of course! I oculd order ten plates of tiradito. Make that twenty. One year we even celebrated new year's here, and as many other people have noted, people are here to party! They had samba dancers and crazy music and it was wild!

If you areon a tight (but not too tight) budget, I recommend you check the place out for happy hour. They have a selection of house-made cocktails and spirits plus a light snacking menu.
This place deserves 10 stars, by far my favorite restaurant ever, absolutely love it. Every time we go to visit, this is definitely where we go for dinner, it's not cheap but well worth every penny, everything is always so fresh and delicious, and I mean everything, we always try new things along with some of our favorites and we just love this place more and more each time. The service is impeccable, the servers are very professional and very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks, if you are not sure what to get , just let them how much you are willing to spend and they will create a tasting menu for you, believe you will not be disappointed!!!! Their sea bass skewers and Peruvian corn is a must have! I mean everything is amazing there, hope everyone gets a chance to try this place!
Being an avid Nobu SD fan, I was hesitant to go anywhere else when staying on the strip for sushi, but it seems the Nobu in San Diego is far superior to the other locations in Vegas and Los Angeles. Boyfriend and I wanted to do sushi for Valentine's Day so we yelp'ed a couple of places we were considering and chose SushiSamba. We were thoroughly thrilled with our decision. 

The restaurant and menu are very unique; and there is a huge selection to choose from. We decided to go for a mix of sushi and tapas. Everything we had we loved. The  rolls were excellent, fish was fresh, and the presentation of the food was great. 

We loved it and can't wait to go back.
To start we were seated right away and everyone from the host group to our server was wonderful.  They all made great suggestions on drink and food orders and all suggestions were great!

Our food was awesome.  I had never been to the Chicago location and everything we ate here was so flavorful.  It was a bit pricey, but it's Vegas and the food was totally worth it.  I can't wait to go back to the Chicago location.
Ok I'm going to start off with saying for all of you cheap people out don't bother going here and spend you few dollars somewhere else that you can afford and not complain about..

But if you don't mind spending a little extra you will absolutely find this place amazing. The staff is great! The food is great!! And I don't think I can say a single bad thing about this place. I suggest you trying this out. 

Enjoy!
Had such a great experience at sushi samba. Been here twice, and both times were excellent. By the way they're open till 3am, I came here once at 230am and they still accommodated us :) 

Had a nice walk through the forum shops to get here, and I loved the ambiance of the restaurant. Our waiter was also fantastic, super charismatic and very informative. We asked a lot of questions, regarding the menu, and he'd always gave us his honest opinion - even when recommending the cheaper option. 

We had the Kobe beef, oysters, uni shoots, oyster shooters, albacore tacos, and some sushi. I usually eat more but sake really filled my stomach. Everything was scrumptious and I'm extremely picky when it comes to sushi. So far this is my go to sushi place when in Vegas :)
Delicious, Fun, Cozy Environment and Well Staffed.
This is how you run a business and a great restaurant. All our
plates were yummy particularly the Meat Sampler and Ahi Tuna Skewers.
Try it & you'll be glad you did.
If you are looking for great food and top notch service, look no further than Sushi Samba at Palazzo.  There is something for everyone at this spot, whether you are a sushi eater or not.  I highly recommend the following: (1) shoshito peppers, (2) salt and pepper squid, (3) bay scallops, (4) any sushi roll, and (5) pork belly ramen soup.  Go big and pair any of those dishes with a (few) Mojito(s)!  I never thought Mojitos would go good with asian style food, but it totally works in a big way.

If you are like me and like eating at the bar, Mari, Kathy, and the rest of the bar staff is kick ass!  They are not only extremely fun, but very knowledgeable about Samba's food and drinks and an asset to the overall Samba experience.  I love Sushi Samba and I go there so much I even have a nickname :)
We had the tasting menu and it was SOOOOOO good!  The only thing was it was very time-consuming.  So, tf you have the time, do the tasting menu because it is totally worth it.  We had a lot of stuff, dunno what exactly but it was very good lol.  You will not be disappointed, TRUST!!
It is good, but I have not been back since my first visit.  There are much better sushi places in Las Vegas if you are going to spend this kind of money.  I tried a couple of the samba rolls, and for as much thought as it appears going into them, I was expecting more flavor.  They were all good, just nothing special that is going to make me go back.  Service was also good, but really, nothing from this place stands out to me as exceptional.  You will get a good meal, but nothing special.
Did the omakse thing here a few years back and although it was good, I think it could have been a lot better. Don't get me wrong, the place kicked butt in terms of coolness, style and presentation but the dishes were definitely lacking in my opinion.

Recommendations: Hit up Nobu!
I ate at this location recently and the one in Chicago (in 2011)...I must say the Chicago location was much better. Our group was craving sushi so we stick to ordering mostly Japanese food instead of the Brazilian or Peruvian dishes.

Some of the dishes I remembered ordering were Samba Strip (TERRIBLE!!!), Yamato, BoBo Brazil, extra crunchy salmon skin hand roll, Samba Sashimi, Uni, yellowtail ceviche tacos and some other stuff. The two best dishes were the Yamato roll with foie gras and the uni (very fresh). Everything else was so-so with the biggest disappointment was the Samba Strip roll. 

Overall nothing was memorable. I was quite disappointed given my last experience in Chicago was so mouthwatering I've been waiting to go to Vegas to try again.
Intrigued by the Japanese/South American fusion going on here and the rather good Yelp reviews, I ended up here with a group for a late dinner one Sunday night during a recent trip to Vegas. We were seated promptly at our reserved time.

The service was immediately kind of odd. Our waiter did not give us menus (other than for drinks), but instead started talking about how if we had a particular budget in mind, they could send us enough food to fill that budget. Butbutbut...I saw the menu online! I knew there was a menu. I wanted to be in CONTROL! Would the waiter let us be in control?

After awhile yes, yes he did. We were able to secure some menus, and he then proceeded to go through the different sections of the menu with us as if we were eight years old and/or eating dinner by ourselves at a restaurant for the first time. Is fusion really that scary for people?

So we ordered a couple of rounds, tapas style, like we do. There were hits and misses along the way. The best stuff was in the robata area of the menu. The pork belly with the butterscotch miso about slayed me with its awesomeness. The duck breast dish we got was also killer, with a fantastic sauce and lots of meaty, meaty mushrooms. The Shishito peppers were solid, as was the sea eel we got nigiri style. It's hard to mess those two up. The yamato rolls, in all their decadence, were worth every penny.

The seared wagyu beef was probably the biggest miss of the evening. The menu does not list truffle oil in the dish's ingredients, but that's about all I could taste. And for me, truffle oil makes everything taste and smell rancid. Not appealing. The El Topo, while quite good, was also a bit of a disappointment. I love fried onions, but they seemed to overpower here. The yellowtail sashimi also seemed a bit off, as the lemongrass sauce wasn't particularly complimentary. 

The service was alright but stayed a little odd during our visit. Sometimes our waiter would be absent for long periods of time, and then suddenly would be around almost too often. The place was loud, almost too loud. Prices are about what you'd expect for a sushi spot on the Strip. Overall, I enjoyed this place, but it is easily overshadowed by the plethora of better options nearby.
I've eaten at SushiSamba many many many times and have never written a review until now.  There's never been a reason for me not to write a review but since I've been actively writing format of my other jaunts I figured its about time to do it here!  

Anyway, I usually spend my time at the bar.   Personally I think it's the best place to sit back, enjoy great sake and have a fine meal while engaging with others.  Plus, I have absolutely NEVER experienced a moment of bad service in the two years and 15-20 times a year I've been to Samba.  Everyone behind the bar is always incredibly friendly, and though the faces change occasionally, it's always a pleasure to see the usual staff.  They always have a friendly smile and engaging conversation, obviously not for long as they have their work to do and other customers, but I see they treat everyone around the bar like family.  No wonder why I keep coming back!  

My last visit was Saturday March 2nd and I had a guest with me.  As always the service was outstanding and the ladies behind the bar went above and beyond to make our night special.  The food as always was fantastic!  We ordered the Kobe hot rock at the bar with thinly sliced Japanese A5 beef and cooking sauces, fun and entertaining tools your own special little treats.  We also hade surf and turf tacos as well as some amazing King Crab legs.  My date had a great time and we enjoyed a wonderful sake pairing with our meal and I enjoyed a great night of which I hold everyone working that night partially responsible. :)

Needless to say, I recommend Samba to anyone who wants to have a good time, good food, and great service!  Do what I do, sit at the bar, enjoy the people watching, and get to know your bartenders.  They are awesome!
My husband I went for our Anniversary. This was our second visit. We are currently Gluten free, and the Chefs were able to accommodate our special needs. They even had gluten free soy available. The sea bass skewers were amazing. We even ordered a second serving of these!
Great Atmosphere.  Good Sushi.
SushiSAMBA was fantastic! The amazing Rhannah welcomed us right away and we had a great table with great service. The sushi was very good, but the highlight of the meal was our three meat churrasco.  WOW! The quality, the flavor, everything cooked to absolute perfection. We were full from the two beef entrees but had to eat the pork because it was too delicious to leave behind.  Topped off with a yummy cucumber cocktail suggested by our server and it was just a really wonderful meal!
Best place on earth to eat. Period. Get the ceviche and whatever the special is.
Some of the best sushi I have ever eaten.
0 star for the food. 
2 stars for the ambiance
0 star for the service

I don't even know where to start. 
Honestly, the reviews are completely deceiving and I was highly disappointed! 
I was so bummed because we were on a really good streak of eating amazing food in Vegas too! 

Straight to the point.
The entire experience was not at all what we were expecting. 
The ambiance is really nice however, it is pretty dim -and seemed more like a club/bar lounge than a restaurant. Honestly, I would go to a whole in the wall looking restaurant with delicious food than something that just "looks" nice. 
As an avid sushi consumer, please believe me when I say the food here is a complete disappointment! Save your winnings and go elsewhere-- McDonald's is not too far away you know. 

What we ordered: 
I'm so mad right now I don't even remember the names of the food we ordered! But we had a group 10 people. And NO ONE liked their food. The portions seemed to have been aimed for people that are about the size of a 3 yr old with the price of a pasta entree at an Italian restaurant. I mean, really- almost $20 for two less than 4 inch skewers of meat? What the hell is that? No sides- nothing. Just that. 
My sushi rolls were more bland than an infant's pureed cereal! 
We were all in disbelief. So much that traded of our sushi rolls with one another to see if it might have been what we ordered that wasn't tasty. 

Customer service:
The waiter was set on how we should order when she came to our table. 
She heavily "suggested" that we order food as a "family style" in which every rolls, tempura, skewers and all are placed in the middle of the table and you grab what you eat kinda thing. Considering not everyone eats the same portion or even like the same things -how the hell are you going to split the bill fairly? We decided not to order that way and asked if she could place everyone's items on separate plates. Which didn't end up happening. They squeeze 4 rolls onto one plate which 
(1.) Looked messy 
(2.) We couldn't distinguish which roll belonged to who 
(3.) The flavors and sauce of each roll started to mix together.  

We didn't even finish our food... we left hungry and went to Chipotle instead.

Save yourself money & time and go elsewhere!
Great service and environment. Brazilian & sushi can't go wrong. Order 3-4 items and share
This was my second time here and after going to the Chicago location, Chicago rules all the way. The worst roll ever was the Samba Strip w/lobster, it looked like an amateur put it together. There was no flavor and for the price of $19, umm NOT! The only roll that was good was the Yamato (foie gras) and BoBo Brazil (seared wagyu beef). 

However, you must order the coco duo, it was the bomb!!!
In VEGAS when you are up $3,000  this is a good place to go and eat as much as you like!!!! 

You must try 

The Pork Belly 
The yellow Tail Taquitos

Our bartender was really hot and awesome !
Sushisamba continues to be my "go to" spot when I am staying in the Palazzo.  Good, fresh food, great drinks and bartenders that are personable and welcoming always make my evenings here a good one.

On this visit, I ordered the king crab leg.  At $25 it seems like a splurge, but it was huge, meaty and absolutely delicious!

Tuna sashimi was fresh and tasty and even my grilled asparagus was perfect.

If you are not staying in the hotel- know that it is on the 2nd level of the casino along with plenty of other shops!

Always a good choice!
You will not be disappointed.  Service was outstanding, the waitress was fun and helpful and the recommendations were delicious. This was hands down best sushi I have eaten. ENJOY!
We arrived at the restaurant at about 12:40 on a Saturday night. The hours stated that they close at 2am however you would think it was 1 because we were rushed. The waiter was kind enough but he told us that the kitchen was closing and from that point he spewed suggestions out faster than we could look at the descriptions of them on the menu and it seemed as if they were just trying to feed us and get us out. The ambiance and seating were pleasant. We started with the samba strip and the green envy rolls. They were just ok. I have paid $15-20 for sushi rolls before and was less than impressed with the taste of these selections which tasted like run of the mill, $5 rolls. However, we ordered the raved about sea bass skewers that were recommended here on yelp and wow were we blown away. Succulent, juicy and jam packed with flavor. The waiter even gave us an extra one, perhaps because of the rush. If we weren't full from the rolls and didn't observe our server motion to the kitchen that they were done several minutes before we received the skewers, then we would have asked for another order... Maybe two lol.  We give 3 stars because of the overpriced sushi rolls and the feeling of being hurried but if you get a chance, try the sea bass skewers and maybe some of the other dishes... I'll definitely give them a second chance...perhaps a little earlier in the day next time.
Off the charts delicious!  Superb service!  Taquitos and duck breast were awesome. I don't remember the rolls but both were so tasty.
Hello! I am a vegan and I loved this place! Great cocktails but their mushroom toban yaki was fantastic. They had a great eggplant miso skewer which came with Brazilian corn. Fantastic. Would definitely go again!!!!

Very crowded and loud music. Definitely try to make a reservation but great food vegans and non vegans!
Stopped here for happy hour (4-7pm ish) and enjoyed sipping caipirinhas and eating fresh sushi at the bar. The happy hour is a really good deal for the drink and appetizer specials, so I recommend that. For a sit-down sushi dinner, I'd go for Yellowtail at the Bellagio instead.
The place is a tad busy for my taste but all in all the service was good and the Kobe Beef on Hot Stone was to die for. A definite keeper.
What a fabulous meal!

First some background.  We were a group of six New Yorkers in Vegas for a guys weekend of college basketball and good food.  All of us are regularly eating out in relatively expensive restaurants and love a good meal, consisting of both food and service. 

Having had an absolutely miserable experience the night before at Gordon Ramsey's Steakhouse in the Paris hotel, we were really looking forward to a nice evening and these guys really delivered.

We were seated promptly and when the waiter came over and suggested that we could order from the menu or if we preferred we could give him a budget and he would serve us a meal.  We asked for a suggestion and he said that we'd really enjoy our meal at $65-70/person unless we wanted to also have a Kobe Beef course in which case we should figure closer to $100.  Having had steaks the night before we gave him a free hand at $65-70.

Course after course of creative imaginative wonderful foods arrived, each one better than the one before. The final course was more traditional sushi with several creative rolls and as a few of us eat a top NY sushi restaurants regularly, we were more than pleased.

By the way, The amount of food server was just right, enough to be satisfied but not stuffed.
.
Service was terrific all night and for about $125/man including a approximately a 25% tip and tax (we only had one round of drinks) we left planning to reunite in their NY location in a few weeks.
This place is a tasty but pricey sushi spot!  It's always a good idea to make a reservation anytime you go.....the food has always been really fresh and flavorful.

We ordered 
Yellow tail - jalapeo and lemongrass = great!
 Bobo brazil = great!
Yellow tail tacos = great!

Portions are on the small side, but just enough to fill you up but not overstuff you.

This is a spot I'll visit again on my next Vegas trip!
Quad sashimi plate with the most juicy Waygu dumplings I have ever injested. You must order the sea bass on skewers with the giant corn! Go now and experience this!
Lots of different styles that I'm used to but always great to try new things...
A pretty good sushi spot in Vegas. It is really pricy for the kind of rolls, but you can tell everything is very fresh and has a lot of flavor. We got a Yellow-Tail Roll, A custom Crab and Lobster Roll, the SushiSamba roll, and a spicy tuna roll, also a plate of Chicken Teriyaki. The sushi for the most part was really good! The Chicken Teriyaki was decent, but nothing all that amazing considering it cost $26 for that plate. The servers are very informative on the dishes and are super friendly. They offer good advice and are pretty quick to serve. If you ask for the chef to make a custom roll with Crab and Lobster, the creations are usually really good! Highly suggest doing that! 

TLDR: Good sushi spot, but a bit pricy.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas and now a must-visit when I'm in town. Everything that I've had on the food and drink menu is delicious! I would highly recommend the green bean tempura to start off with. And the samba rolls, which are their latin-asian fusion sushi selections, are great culinary combinations. As others mentioned, it is a little pricey, but I think it's totally worth it. I would highly recommend making a reservation in advance if you plan on going. They can get very very busy.
Awesome good and atmosphere!!! :)
In a city of over the top fabulousness, Sushi Samba is the real deal. From the extensive selection of cold sakes to inventive pairings of fish and sauce, it's a welcome relief from the other mega experiences on the strip. Friendly wait staff and a lively atmosphere add to the enjoyment.
This was excellent; we had a tip to give the chef an amount of money per person and any no-nos; three of us did so and had a lovely meal with beer for 70 dollars each; more than enough food-you could of done 50 and been satisfied.  Best value for the $ in all the places I went to.  Nice service again and the chef was bang on to our whats (and nots).   Highly recommended; i give few 5 stars.
Sushi Samba is amazing!   Forget trying to order from the extensive menu.  Instead, just tell your Server the type of Sushi or Sashimi you like, your level of "experimentation", and your price range.   They will bring you wonderful dishes that you won't find on the menu!   Alice was our Server, and she is great!   I highly recommended the Japanese Tacos and Kobe Beef Surf & Turf.  Your eyes will roll back in your head with pure ecstasy!   Note: Bring about $200 or more (for two people).  It's not cheap, but I would rank this meal as a top 10 of all time!
This is the place I make all my friends/family come to when they visit. The staff is wonderful, the atmosphere is hip, and there is a dish for everyone! (even people who do not like sushi)

If you do go I would recommend asking what the best things on menu since it can be a little difficult figuring out what to get for the first time. ;)
Wandered in here without a plan for a first time meet up.

Though my eyes were not necessarily on the food, I noted a few things, sitting at a table vs. sitting at the sushi bar: the emphasis was on the fusion foods (sushi menu was backpage) and the drink menu was bigger than the food menu. I agree with Bunny G. that no one bothered to explain anything about the menus.

Ordered their house ice tea which is a mint tea Arnold Palmer, served with lemon & lime wedges.  Very tasty & refreshing since I don't think I've ever had an Arnie with mint tea.

The edamame was standard fare, served cool with crushed rock salt sprinkled on top.  I ordered 2 rolls, shrimp tempura (6 pcs), and a spicy tuna (8 pcs).  The shrimp tempura was exactly that, no fuss, frills, standouts.  The spicy tuna, I think was just a tuna roll served with a squirt of sriracha.  Good thing I wasn't there for the food!

The decor & service were exceptional and it looked like there was a special/private dining area in the back.  Interesting decor that isn't particular of any single culture, or at least any that I know of.  There were these wooden chairs that looked to be carved out of giant coconuts but could really only seat an Ommpa Loompa.  Another strange touch, that doesn't quite work to me: The food menus were not on the small side, but the cover was like leather, as in, not self supporting.  The only way to read the menu, that didn't feel awkward, was to lay it on the table.  For some reason, I didn't want a leather menu touching my little appetizer plate.  It seems unsanitary.

Because the prices were so high, I rate the food a 2-2.5 stars, but the decor & service a solid 4 stars.  So, 3.33 stars, it is!
Decadent Asian fusion. We let the chef send us his choices based on our preferences and that was a great decision! There were 5 courses, all tasty!
good food, the green envy sushi roll and rosca's (donuts) are the perfect meal, ask for the kobe tacos too, great service and good wine selection, always a must stop when you're at the hotel
The food at sushi samba was amazing. I highly recommend the shishitu peppers and the yellow tail jalapeos. All beef plates were to die for. The blame it on rip drink is spicy and yummy. 
However the waitstaff was not so good. They were slow and rude. Sushi rolls took ages to get, and pretty much ignore clients. Lets just say the bussing staff does better at filling your water then the waitress does of making money for the estabishment.  They don't update their wine list very often so don't be surprised if they are out of stock. 
Would I go back? Debatable...
I wanted to give this 4.5 stars, but I'll round down. Came here with my sister for a convention in Vegas, we walked around the Venetian and Pallazzo for a while until we finally decided on SushiSamba.  First of all, the restaurant is beautiful. I really love the wall painings, interior design, and the bathroom design was really cool as well. Service here was excellent, my water was always full, when I got up to use the restroom I placed my napkin on the table, when I came back it was neatly folded back for me. 

We decided to get two appetizers. First the Rock Shrimp Tempura... Really no point in ordering this. Tempura taste the same everywhere, nothing special about theirs. We also tried the taquitos as suggested by the waitress. These were really just mini taco's. Main Lobster and Yellowtail. Both were nice and chilled taco's. Good sauce on the side. Not sure if I'd order them again, but they were decent.

For dinner my sister ordered their Miso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass. This was absolutely excellent. The fish was cooked perfectly, it was so soft and delicious. It's served with vegetables and those were pretty good too. Possibly the post Chilean Sea Bass I've ever had. 

For my dinner I decided to order two rolls, the Neo Tokyo and the BoBo Brazil. The Neo Tokyo, which is bigeye tuna and tempura flake was delicious. The little sauce on top was a nice spicy sauce. This roll was very delicious. As for the BoBo Brazil.... Quite gross, too much avocado, wayyy too much in fact, in overpowered the entire roll. Both regular avocado and some mushy avocado. In addition the red onion also gave it some very odd taste. This was one of the worst sushi rolls I have ever eaten.

For dessert we ordered the Samba split for two. It was really good, and a decent sized portion. Everything on the plate complemented each other and the banana brulee was fantastic.
We eat here every trip to Vegas!  Never ever had a bad meal here!  Drinks are really good too!  Excellent staff...and they will help you navigate the menu!

So many good dishes we can never decide!

Love Sushisamba!!
The food was amazing.  This is saying a lot for someone who spends $200 for dinner with a date pretty frequently.

The rare wagyu beef sushi was amazing as was the yellow tail sashimi taquitos.  Everything was fresh as well, which left us commenting on how they get such fresh sushi in the desert (I suppose anything can be frozen and transported across half the world these days).  

My dates cocktail was pretty impressive as well, the cocktail glass lined in sugar.

I'm pretty partial to Asian Fusion, in general, and with the addition of the Brazilian flair, this place is one of the rare few that get my five stars.

In Vegas style, a pretty swank interior with hanging sculptures, a viewing window of one table, into the mens bathroom, and open and expansive seating area in the back, all come together nicely for a great meal out.

They're open late night (2AM on weekends) - so a bonus if you're strolling out of Tao a bit early.
Perfect for date night! It's such a pretty restaurant, and they plate their dishes just as elegantly. Our server was pretty attentive, although we did have a mixup with our rolls (which the manager did correct). We tried a bunch of different offerings from the menu, but these are the highlights. The green envy roll was my favorite, and we did try the el topo...which I found too rich (mozzarella + salmon was too much...although there was a nice kick from the jalapeno). I really liked what my date was sipping on, the samba juice (can't really go wrong with anything mixed with guava juice)...my cocktail definitely packed a punch (beijo)! Wish I had more room in my stomach to try more on the menu!
This place was great the server recommended something's that I found VERY tasty.
The Lobster Ceviche was amazing soooo good. I asked about the Duck Breast and he recommended the mushroom and sauce which was so rich and flavorful I LOVED it. This place is tits I kid you not . A++++ at the very least
Ever since I came here the first time I went to Vegas, I've been DYING to come back.

The food is so good!  I thought we just got lucky the first time we came, but as it turns out, everything we've tried on the menu thus far is DELICIOUS.

Ambiance is classy and cool.  It's a nice location within the Palazzo hotel with lots of seats.  Service was also good, as my water glass was always full despite being very busy on a Friday night at midnight.

We got:

MOQUECA MISTA - shrimp, squid, sea bass, coconut milk, roasted cashew, dende oil, chimichurri rice - $29 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushisamba-las-vegas?select=T4JWaoBHrbkBP4vR92x4uA#T4JWaoBHrbkBP4vR92x4uA

This thing is the BEST EVER.  Creamy Thai-style curry taste (hence coconut milk) with the delicate seafood mixed in with bits of crushed cashews, giving the dish great texture.  Rice was served within the sauce mixture as shown; the rice soaked up all the sauce, making every morsel DIVINE.  I thought after a while the dish would get too rich-tasting, but somehow I kept gobbling and gobbling until the plate was empty!

EL TOPO SUSHI ROLL - salmon, jalapeo, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzerella, crispy onion - $15 (forgot to take a pic; too excited about the moqueca mista)

Very unique roll with interesting flavors and textures = Delicious!

CHICKEN TERIYAKI - Samba Style organic chicken, aji amarillo, purple potato mash, crispy onion - $26 (again forgot to take a pic...)

When I saw the huge price tag I thought "WTF?!", especially for a seemingly simple plate as chicken teriyaki (my friend ordered this one so I had no control).  BUTTT I'll have to say that it was probably the best teriyaki chicken I've ever had in my life!  Super juicy fillets of teriyaki chicken, pan fried (I think) to a crisp.  The sauce was perfect; not too saucy, not too dry, and definitely not overpowering to the dish.

As with all finer dining restaurants, especially on the Las Vegas Strip, I did think the prices were a little inflated.  Hence the lack of that final star.  However, probably one of my favorite places to eat while in Vegas.  I'll definitely hit it up again on future trips.  They have a good happy hour too (both early evening and late night), so I'll have to take advantage of that next time! :)
The sushi was great.  We had a really yummy seaweed sampler appetizer that was real good and the salmon sashimi was of very good quality.  
We were not happy with the smallish roll selection and the service left a lot to be desired (minus 1 star).   We have a sushi place on every corner in the Bay Area/Sacramento area, and this place was pretty good, but not worth the cost.
Great ambiance, decent food.
A lot of people have recommended this restaurant, but I think it's a bit overrated. 
I love sushi.  Although the sushi was well presented, they didn't taste like anything spectacular.  Surprisingly not too many rolls to choose from even though they try to create some original specialty rolls.  

Neo Tokyo Roll - Spicy tuna inside, tuna outside.  This roll was just ok.  It just tastes like spicy tuna.

Sea Bass Skewers - Probably our only favorite dish.  Comes with corn.

El Topo Roll - Good, sorta like a crunchy roll, crispy onions and mayo on top.

Pork belly ramen - Highly recommended by server, but a huge disappointment.  It was a failed attempt.  The broth was clear and bland.  It tasted like instant ramen with a hint of tom yum soup flavoring.  Nothing like ramen at all.  

Sushisamba has good food, it just didn't show me anything new or exciting except that you're in a really nice restaurant, but you're paying for it.
I'm so glad I made reservations here

I wanted to reserve a place that wasn't Italian or heavy in the Venetian or Palazzo for my group of 8 girls.  We arrived a little early for our reservation and was seated immediately.  My cousin told the waiter what we liked and didn't like.  He said he would create a meal according to what we wanted.  Everything was fantastic.  Below is what we had and its description:

Pork Gyozo-  Each dumpling was served on a delicious pumpkin puree.  Delicious!

Sushi Platter- We got 5 different types of rolls, 2 of each type.  They were all so good.  

Tiger Rock Shrimp- Yum!  If you like honey walnut shrimp then you will definitely like this.  It was perfectly made.  

Yellowtail Ceviche tacos- These were the best tacos I have ever had.  The sauce it came with was a yummy spicy foam hot sauce.  They were small but definitely satisfying.  They just melt in your mouth.  So good!  Probably my favorite thing there.  

Steak- The Steak was served with collard greens, potatoes, rice, and black beans.  It also came out with 3 different sauces that were all so good.  The green sauce was my favorite.  

Seabass on Skewers- This was served with some Peruvian corn.  The seabass just melts in your mouth.  They were perfectly made.  The corn was also really good and went perfectly with the seabass.     

Shots- Our shots came out beautifully presented on a shot tier.  Two of us didn't drink so our waiter brought out two that were watermelon juice so we could join in on toasting.    

Dessert- Dessert was a mix of the best vanilla ice cream, creme burlee, mixed berries, and banana.  It was nicely made and topped off with some sparklers.  

Everything was so tasty and beautifully presented.  The food wasn't just all Japanese.  It was definitely a fusion but everything went together wonderfully.  I think for us 8 girls it was about $75 each.  It was very worth it and we all left stuffed and happy.      

Our server took care of us really well.  I liked that he noted there were 8 of us and made the portions perfect for 8 girls.  One of our girls couldn't eat raw fish or anything spicy and he made sure she got her own individual thing.  He also made note that two of us couldn't drink and brought out shots for everyone with 2 virgin drinks.  He made great recommendations and was helpful.  He also took time to take a couple photos for us.  As for the the ambiance, it was beautiful.  We had a great time celebrating.
UH-MAZE-ING

The name of the restaurant caught my eye when I was in NY but I didn't get a chance to try it until Vegas. SO WORTH EVERY PENNY! 

Otsumami assortment 
Salt & Pepper Squid 
Coconut Rice
Lobster Crispy Taquitos

Everything our group ordered was delicious...except don't waste your time on the ramen. 

I think I will eat here every time I go back to Vegas.
4.5 stars

5 stars for Happy Hour. My last visit in vegas I visited there HH twice, on the same day. A must order on the HH menu would be the waygu potstickers and the cocktails on the HH menu. Definitely a fun and great place to come for a nice meal. They offer a variety of food from sushi to steak. Definitely a fushion of Japanese and Peruvian. Drinks, food and service are great. Prices are little pricey but again your in vegas so go ahead splurge and enjoy the rest of your night. A great place to start off your night or make time to hit their Happy Hour. Definitely a place to hit up especially if your around that side of the strip or staying in the hotel.
I enjoy Sushi Samba a ton and it is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I have been there three and had the tasting menu each time. This place is essentially Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian fusion. 

If you're willing to spend some money ($50-$100 a head), I recommend doing the tasting menu. It's a 5-7 food course and displays some of the full offering of the restaurant. Some of the highlights of my meal were the ceviche tacos, the beef gyozas (sp?), the meat courses, and finally the sushi. The sides are also excellent, with the Peruvian corn and more.

All in all, it's unique food and definitely worth checking out. This place is very pricey though, so be prepared to spend money.
I've been to other SS's before and this one is no different. Quality eats, quality drinks, and a high price tag (although considering Strip prices, it was semi-affordable). Sat at the bar and picked up 5 rolls and an order of grilled asparagus. All the rolls (tuna, yellowtail, salmon) were fresh and I give them extra love for serving spicy tuna that wasn't ground up tuna bits mushed together with spicy mayo, but actually a tuna roll with spicy mayo on top. Love that. The servers were on top of everything and were on point with the cocktails. 

Speaking of, we sipped on a Chu-Cumber (shochu, Hendricks Gin, elderflower liqueur, freshly muddled cucumber) and although called a 'wuss' by my lady friend for ordering it, it happened to be a well made cocktail. Her Samba Juice (Cruzan raspberry and Watermelon Rums, aai, passion fruit, crme de banana, guava) was good as well. Both run $12. If you're 'stuck' in the Palazzo, def try and hit up the HH specials which look like a fun time!

I'll be back asap for more of the menu and to bump this baby up a star.
Went to Sushi Samba for a bachelorette dinner with a large group of 15+. The staffs were super accommodating and professional. They brought out our food quite quickly and they gave us some complimentary cocktails. The cocktails were really good, and they were creepers. The sushi is pretty fresh but tasted just okay. The hot food were pretty good though. The atmosphere were very nice and intimate at the same time. It was definitely a fun restaurant for groups.
Food is pretty good, wait staff is really nice and great service but it's ridiculously overpriced. Get sushi somewhere else if that's what you're looking for. 

Did their sampler menu which includes sushi, seafood and Kobe beef. Nothing tasted bad....but it was $150 a person. One out of the 9 items brought to the table was memorable - the sea bass on a stick. Oh, and the $8 double shot of espresso that woke me up ;). 

Cost our group of 7 over $1K. Not that much food. Outrageously priced and you can get WAY better (more interesting and flavorful) sushi for a fraction of the cost. Nice service and wait staff though. Unless you're rich don't waste your money. Nice of them to give us birthday shooters of a tasty pink lemonade shooter.
Food was average. The waiter did not seem to care about food sensitivities or preferences, he refused to give us a menu and assured us we would spend 50 dollars each. He brought us food according to what we preferred, but food was on par with chain restaurants like the Cheesecake Factory. Don't hoard the menu dudebro! Bill came and it ended up being 150 a person. Triple what he had told us it would be. 6 people and 1100 dollars for an average meal is not what I want to experience in Las Vegas. I'm fine with spending money, but it needs to be worth it and I need to know in advance so I can budget accordingly.

Ambiance was nice, service was attentive... But hey, we were the cash cow of the night, if he had ignored us, our complaint to the manager would have been legitimate enough to get a discount. This restaurant will live on forever in my memory as a regret of wasted money that keep me up at night. Like that time I thought it would be a good idea to sign up for marathons I never ran, or that time I bought my ex boyfriend a gold necklace the year I found out he cheated on me. 

Never again!! Stay away, unless someone else is footing the bill!
Loved my experience at SUSHISAMBA.

Went there twice this weekend. Loved the atmosphere. What to get:

Kobe beef taquitos
Yellowtail taquitos
Yellowtail ceviche (omg drool)
El topo Roll
Green Envy Roll
Neo Tokyo Roll
Samba chef inspiration (different types of fish sashimi with a roll)
Sake,sake,sake
Chu-cucumber martini

I cannot really remember what else we ate, but everything was so delicious that we went back before we left our trip. Fun place for either a group date, romantic date, or girls night out! They need to bring one to LA :)
My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)

Go or No?  Go.

Tease:   SushiSamba is a Japanese Sushi and Peruvian fusion place in the Palazzo.

Why I went:   My wife and I wanted a late afternoon snack, and sushi sounded good.  We were staying at the Palazzo, so we figured we'd give the place a try.

When:  11/17/12

Food:   Between us, we got the shrimp tempura roll (generic, but pretty much as good as you could get), ume shiso roll (very flavorful), urchin, Spanish mackerel, and king crab.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  The overall menu looked super interesting and something worthwhile to check out in full for a dinner or lunch.  We just ordered small things as nibbles.    

Service:  Very good.  

Hints/Final thoughts:  SushiSamba has enough interesting items on their menu to make it stand out.  Additionally, they do just enough traditional things to please some more hardcore sushi fans.  This is a fusion, so expect it in almost everything.  But the tastes are interesting and the food is fresh.
Wowsers. Hands down one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Everything I ate was delicious. You must try the truffled Kobe beef, Kobe beef tacos, pesto scallops, lobster roll and I can go on and on. I had a cucumber martini and it was amazing. Fun atmosphere and i will dine here every time I visit Las Vegas.
I loved everything in the Pallazo other than this restaurant, so definitely don't think this is a slam on Venetian/Pallazo.  The greeter told my wife who was carrying a water bottle - you can't have that in here - you'll need to put it away (it was the day in Vegas that was 117 degrees, WTF?), then when my wife asked to sit at a different table next to the one she was sitting us at she was told no, that's reserved (the place was half empty) with no apology.  The main person serving us was friendly, but everybody seemed confused.  We know sushi well, and this was very mediocre sushi, and with the poor service it's a two at best.
I didn't have to pay. The food was amazing... I was plastered on saki bombs half way through, so I don't remember much. It must have been a good time.
Nice Food, love the Vibe.
Excellent service.
Good food, not in Los Angeles standards.
Best option in The Palzzo-Ventian Area.
We were in town over the 4th of July weekend and wanted to finally try a sushi place in Vegas.  After looking at reviews and prices, we decided to give Sushi Samba a try.  The service was amazing, we had Vanessa who was one of the best waitresses we have ever had.  The food came in under 5 minutes, tasted great, Vanessa's recommendations were great, and we just had an overall great time.  When we are in town next, we will make sure to visit sushi samba again.
yamato roll, yes. the ramen though, noooo. overcooked pork belly and egg. blah, disgusting
What can I saw but wow!  I was recently in Miami Southbeach and visited SushiSamba. Well my friend knew many of the bartenders from being a regular patron. So we definitely got good service! 
Well visiting Las Vegas 3 weeks later I decided to look for a local SushiSamba. Using yelp I found there to be a SushiSamba in Venetian on the strip. I checked their website to verify they were open and found out they had a reverse (late) happy hour starting at 11pm till close.
So my friend and I took a cab from Hardrock hotel (probably last time there, thats a whole different story) to Venetian hotel. On arrival I saw the bar was placed in front where there were a few seats available. So we sat down towards the end of the bar and asked if we could eat dinner at the bar. The bartender Mari (Maria)  gave us some menus and we asked for the happyhour menu which had just started. I asked about some of the items on the menu and she was very friendly and informational. My friend was actually not feeling good and she gave him some tonic water and small amount of bitters to help ease his stomach. (which actually helped later on)
She ended up getting real busy at the bar but no matter how busy she got she always made sure we got what we needed in a timely manner. She balanced about 10-15 bar patrons orders drink and food wise along with still making drinking for all the waiters ordering drinks for their patrons. I felt she was really efficient and still friendly in demeanor always smiling! I find good freindly custommer service is hard to come by now a days. Kristina the floor manager checked in with us and made sure we were doing ok and that all our needs were meet. Another great show of good customer service. When the managers come up and check in with their patrons I feel they are actually taking interest and want to make sure all your needs are being meet!
We had a really good night there so much we decided to go back the following night to see if we could have another good successful night again. Well our expectations were exceeded again. Mari was working again and thanked us for returning and even went out her way to have us try a few things on the menu we didn't even order to ask our opinion. She even made drinks to our specific needs (my friend didn't want that much sugar in his drink) She made it to meet his needs and turned out to still be a decent drink. Mari's good customer service was the best during my stay in Vegas and I was there july 4-9. She far exceeded my expectations and went above and beyond! The floor manager Kristina also sat down with us to talk about customer service and again making sure everything meet our expectations.  I have to recommend SushiSamba, the bartender Mari (Maria) and the floor manager Kristina. 5 stars and i would tell anyone heading to visit to make it a stop for sushi or tapas.
I wasn't feeling sushi, but I went with it. 
My expectations were low, just another sushi bar in Vegas...
We gave our server, Veronica, a per-person budget and let her pick.

 I was blown away!

We were served Mini Tacos, Sea Bass skewers, Sashimi Ceviche, Seared Wagyu Beef, Salt & Pepper Squid and more. The plates just kept coming. How did they get such incredible flavors into the food? I would put Sushisamba up against the best. Sure, Nobu (Malibu) may have great atmosphere, but the flavors, quality, variety, and probably 100 different sakes here, make them a strong competitor. 


Service was impeccable (Ask for Veronica).
Located in The Shoppes at Palazzo casino. My original plan was to get some comps redeemed for Grand Lux Cafe (which is a great place as well). To my surprise, I had over 100 bucks available...I don't remember playing in the Venetian Poker Room that much, but oh well. A bigger surprise, they had a long list of places I could use comps at, including steakhouses, and here. This is not the norm for Vegas poker rooms. I guess this could be a Venetian Poker Room review as well; they treat their customers very well! So I decided to try this place. 

I'm very glad that I did! My waitress Isabella was very attentive, thorough, and answered any questions I had. Top notch service! The rest of the waitstaff was even friendlier. My table was periodically kept clean, and LOTS of refills kept coming. 

I was expecting to eat regular sushi, maybe a tasting menu. And I never really thought of what the Samba part meant. But I looked at the menu and there were lots of options available, fusion-style: from Brazilian steaks to traditional sushi rolls. I was in for an unexpected and different, yet very satisfying meal. 

-Samba Tea: This is a must try! I forgot what they were, but they included many different types of ingredients; the result being one of my favorite teas, if not my favorite. 
-BoBo Brazil Samba Roll: Wagyu beef, Brazilian-Japanese style...something new and amazing!
-Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass...so good! one of the best fish i've ever had.
-20oz Bone In Ribeye Steak: juicy and delicious. loved the flavor! goes very well with the sushisamba dipping sauces. 
-Warm Chocolate Banana Cake (maple butter, banana chip, vanilla rum ice cream)...awesome!

Service: 5/5; Food: 5/5!

This was a unique and awesome dining experience for me. And it looks like there's plenty more to try! Thanks SushiSamba. I would definitely come back!
To start off I was not expecting to be blown away with this place but I WAS!! Everything from this restaurant was beyond my expectations.
Went there for a special treat and oh my... we had one.

First off I would not say the sushi is extraordinary, in fact its standard but I did love the yellow tail scallion there more than I do at most places, but the items on the menu other than sushi is what got me!

First and for most  the drink tower is amazing and unique from the appearance to all the different varieties like the cucumber one, strawberry, grapefruit, and so on...we tried total of 6!!. My favorite was the one with the cucumber and the one with the mint cant recall the actual names due to all the drinks ; ) 

Now on to the MEALSSSSS the ones I loved would have to be the steak tacos, best I had in a really long time and the sauce that they come with has a little kick that makes it all so complete. Another one would have to be the Alaskan king crab leg cut in perfect portions to be grabbed with the chop sticks and topped off with a cream sauce was sooooooooo good!! There was also the miso sea bass if you like the taste of the miso flavor and appreciate sea bass like I do its a must, even though my last bite on the skewer was not as great as the first 3 ; ( and my favorite dish of the whole night would have to be the in shell scallops!!!! I had never seem my scallops served in a shell till I went to this place, they were cooked with perfection and had some sort of pesto butter topping them off. I can literally eat so many and never have enough!! 
One more dish worth mentioning would have to be the tempura shrimp even though I am not a fan of most fried foods this one was good!! And the portion was giant!

As far as the dessert I am usually one to clear out all the plates but this was not the case for me, we got the mochi variety dish but it was too frozen it didn't do the mochi justice, and our other dessert consisted of friend bananas (Which i am not a fan of) and coconut cream and the best coffee ice cream I have ever had! This meal was a fun teat and experience and the staff was amazing! 

Another tip on the side is make reservations, it was PACKED when we got there...
While celebrating 4th of July in Vegas I had a craving for sushi. My buddy went to lunch at SushiSamba and came back to the hotel raving about how amazing it was. I asked him if he'd be down to go back for dinner, "No Doubt!". We went and the girls at the front of the restaurant were beautiful, bubbly and sincerely sweet. They helped get us seated right away at the bar. The head Chef named Herb came out personally to greet us since it was my buddies second time there in a day. Chef Herb talked with us for a few minutes and then sent us some complimentary dishes to show his appreciation for our appreciation of our food. That is how to build loyalty in a business. Make sure to make your customers feel welcomed and appreciated for the business they bring you. 

The food was amazing and I have been to top restaurants such as Nobu, Naoe, and Zuma and for the price difference between the two I would pick sushisamba hands down. The ambiance and decor was awesome. Our server was a Japanese girl who was on her game taking care of many tables at once and still took time to chat with us. Highly recommend this spot!
An excellent fusion of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian.  What I found different about this establishment compared to others is the approach of ordering from their menu.  Our waiter asked us for a price range we're willing to spend.  An example range is $60-$120.  My brother (who's birthday we're celebrating) said about $80 per person.  Next, the waiter asks us what our likes, dislikes, allergies, etc in order to create a unique dining experience for us.  My brother basically said he doesn't want to eat sushi (he didn't feel like it that day), wants to try the gyoza, and definitely want to sample the kobe beef.  After our drinks arrived, we waited about 10-20 minutes before our appetizers and entrees came.

We tried a variety of food which ranged from gyozas, skewers, sea bass, and kobe beef.  The main attraction is the kobe beef where they bring a large stone that's heated to 700 F for us to cook our thinly sliced beef on.  The waiter demonstrated by taking some butter and spreading it on top of the stone followed by laying the beef on top like it's sunbathing.  After a minute or two, the beef slices were dipped onto 1 of 3 sauces and finally onto our table.  The verdict: mouth watering bliss.  Almost as good as the kobe beef I had in Kobe, Japan!!!

The last attraction is the birthday dessert given to my brother.  The candles were sparkling similar to the morning glory fireworks that kids hold in their hands.  Truly a memorable experience.
We came here for a bachelorette dinner with 11 girls. The service and food was amazing! We were told the items are mostly served family style but after looking through the menu we had no idea what to order. The server suggested doing their a la carte menu where we tell them a per person price point, our likes and dislikes and the chef will customize a meal for us. 

Best idea ever!!!

We said $60 per person would be good.

What we received: 3 course meal, complimentary dessert for the bride to be and a free round of small strawberry drinks for the table.

The appetizer course had 4 plates: fried green beans, edamame, and peppers; dumplings; buffalo shrimp; taco with tuna I believe...but I told the waiter at the beginning that I dont eat anything raw and they bought me a lobster taco instead

The entree course: steak and mushroom;  fish skewers (I normally don't eat fish but this was my favorite!); crab

Sushi course: so much sushi I can't even name them all!

Dessert: (for the bride) white and black chocolate mousse with small rice crispy chocolate balls

The best part was that they customized the entire meal for us including the number of items for everyone to share. The $60 pp was more than enough food! With tip, tax and not including the bride's share, it came out to $80 pp. I think we could have done $50 and been satisfied bc we were super stuffed afterwards! Yum! 

I loved how we got to try a bit of everything!
We enjoyed SushiSamba twice while staying at The Palazzo. The first time, we had lunch and the second time, we met a group for drinks after dinner. 

LUNCH

The whole Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian fusion idea had me curious. That, and if I am honest with myself, I was craving sushi because it's been awhile. Enter SushiSamba for lunch. We were seated promptly at a booth and perused the menu. After some deliberation, I decided on the Samba Strip roll (Maine lobster tempura, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper, peanut curry) and a side of Peruvian corn. The presentation of the Samba Strip roll was lovely, and the lobster claw was filled with succulent meat - as it turns out, chopsticks are the perfect implement for digging out every single morsel of claw meat. The peanut sauce was delicious with a tang at the end that had me coming back for more. And interestingly enough, the Peruvian corn, when dipped in the peanut sauce, was quite delicious. The Peruvian corn itself was wonderful - it has a slightly sweet, tangy sauce on it which complemented the roasted goodness of the corn very well. About the size and similar to hominy, it had a memorable (in a good way) stick-to-your-teeth texture.

DRINKS

The atmosphere becomes more clubbish in the evening and the music gets turned up a notch. We gathered at the front in the waiting/bar area and pretty much took over the couch and chairs there. Our server was great about allowing us to hang out there for an hour or so over drinks. Speaking of drinks, I had an amazing concoction called the Nashi martini (Grey Goose La Poire, shochu, St. Germain elderflower liquor, fresh lychee, passion fruit ). I could have bathed in it, given the chance.
I'm back! The food was awesome as usual. I went during Happy Hour and planned on ordering a few $6 appetizers and rolls, but was somewhat easily persuaded and got the bar waitress' recommendation of Sushi and Sashimi Platter. It actually turned out pretty good. I also ordered the Salt & Pepper Squid...the dipping sauce, flavored lime, and some sort of crystal salt were all really yummy combined. I got a Spicy Tuna Roll as well, and of course, more Samba Tea! It was a good experience overall. The $6 items have some value to them, even to the casual dining customer. The bartender and waitress were friendly folks as well. I will be back again!
Wow - this place was amazing!  This definitely raised the bar on what I will expect for sushi from now on!  Definitely must try the pork dumplings with pumpkin pure.  The carrot cake dessert was also fantastic.
Not a big fan of the name they have for this restaurant, but the rest of the experience was amazing.  The dining room is large and well designed (rumor has it the build-out cost $10M).  We had a large party of 12, which can always be a challenge for a packed restaurant, but not here.  Our waiter was terrific and recommended family style meal and provided two options - w/o Kobe would run around $60pp, and with Kobe would run around $80-90pp.  We opted to go without (which I suggest based on our experience).  Boom - out comes the food.  The meal was around 3-4 courses and included cooked appetizers, sushi rolls, and beef / pork proteins.  Each course was fresh - hot dishes hot, cold dishes cold and tasted great.  The ribeye was a bit overcooked, but given how many they crank out, it wasn't a huge disappointment.  The experience here was a thousand times better than Mastro's the night before in terms of level of service, food quality, and how fast the dishes came out.  Definitely recommend this place (especially for large parties).

They did have a nice cocktail and sake menu.  Their mixed drinks were pretty good, but not stellar.  If you order shots here, they offer a very generous pour (which is great).
Yes, it's very pricey for the quantity of food on the plate. However, the quality and taste are both solid.

A breakdown of what I sampled:
Nashi Martini (4.5 stars): passion fruit and lychee were both strong in the cocktail. Try this cocktail!
Samba Strip (4 stars): nice dipping sauce
Bobo Brazil (4 stars): delicate, small, but tasty
Pork Belly Lettuce Wrap *special of the day* (4 stars): very tasty; nicely cooked
So we were headed to Bouchon, but they closed at 1 for lunch/breakfast. To be honest, we didnt really expect to be on time anyway. It is Vegas after all: people dont necessarily keep regular hours, our circadian rhythms were thrown off to say the least. Anyway, the place was really cool, i loved the ambiance, the art on the walls and the designs. The place was a bit dim, but I wouldn't classify it as romantic or dark. There were families, younger(us) and and middle aged people so its not a party place where you would do saki bombs(there are enough of those in Las Vegas), nor do you have to wear a suit & tie to come in. 
The appetizers were delicious! the side sauces accompanying them were equally great. Each roll comes with 6 pieces, which was perfectly sized, the one roll that stuck with me was El topo, that one was really tasty. Friends of mine tried the wild mushroom soup--they were really happy with their choice. The price was very reasonable too. I'd definitely give this place a try if you are in the mood for some Sushi.
Seriously one of the best meals I think I have ever had. They have Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese dishes on the menu and the dcor reflects an interesting combination of these cultures. On this visit we stuck with Japanese especially since they have so many dishes with Wagyu beef. Ordered several sushi rolls, all of which were fantastic! We also tried some of the pork belly that was cooked with a miso glaze. Delish! By far the highlight of the meal was the Wagyu beef gyoza. Order this and I promise you won't be disappointed. The staff was all very friendly and gave us some very good recommendations!
On the Saturday of my bachelorette party, my girlfriends treated me to dinner at Sushi Samba.  It was a fabulous, memorable meal, where we ate well and celebrated in style.

We were staying at The Palazzo, and Sushi Samba was the perfect venue for the occasion.  It was convenient to get to in heels, and the atmosphere was festive, edging on clubby without being obnoxious.  We had a big comfortable table, and service was excellent.  I wish we'd gotten the name of our waiter - he did a great job attending to our every need, and he guided us through the whole dining experience with expertise.  (For management - he was a tall guy who served a party of nine on 6/29.  You know, your only bachelorette party of the month?)

We ordered cocktails, which were pretty good.  I had a Blame it on Rio, a caipirinha variation with cachaa, agave syrup, fresh lime juice, cucumber, and jalapeo.  It was both cool and spicy, and it went down really easy.  The classic caipirinha was also great, with just the cachaa, lime, and sugar.  I also tried some of the Chu-Cumber, a shochu drink with Hendricks gin, elderflower liqueur, and muddled cucumber - very refreshing.  At some point, we got a complimentary cocktail tree, a beautiful iron tree bearing shot-sized wine glasses on every branch.  They held some frothy, sweet version of a screwdriver that was great for the occasion.

Dinner was delicious.  We had the option of ordering a la carte or omakase, and we decided to keep things simple.  We specified a price point and listed dietary restrictions, and the food just started coming.  It was all served family style, and everything was well portioned for our big group.  We left full but not overstuffed - a plus, since it had taken a team to stuff me into my white dress for the night.  The cuisine was fun, a creative, unforced fusion of Japanese and Peruvian styles.

First, we had a trio of vegetable otsumami, all served together in a lovely green array.  There was the staple edamame with sea salt and lime, and green bean tempura served with a rich black truffle aioli.  My favorite of the three, though, was the handful of shishito peppers.  These were grilled blistering black, polished with sea salt and lemon.  They were pretty irresistible.  Next we got a tray of Japanese A5 wagyu beef gyoza.  These were great, thin-skinned and stuffed with luscious hunks of beef rather than the usual mince.  They came with kabocha pumpkin pure, a sweet soy drizzle, and a su-shoyu dipping sauce.  The best thing I ate all night, though, was a crispy taquito overflowing with yelllowtail, avocado, and roasted corn miso.  The shell was thin and crunchy, and the fresh, tender fish was just right with that avocado, miso, and some thinly sliced vegetables.  The taquitos were served with spicy aji panca sauce and fresh lime - that piquant, frothy sauce was just the icing on a beautiful fusion taco cake.

After the smaller plates were done, we moved on to big platters of sushi and sashimi.  I do not remember everything we got, as there were at least six or seven rolls and even more kinds of sashimi.  The rolls were great, a nice mix of California standards - you know, the mix and match of eel, yellowtail, tuna, etc. with avocado, cucumber, and dots of mayo - and more Samba-specific stuff, with the stray crab leg and lobster claw.  I particularly liked the Samba Strip, with Maine lobster tempura, mango, tomato, chive, soy paper, and a coating of crispy rice.  It was unusual and flavorful, served with a peanut curry.  The rest of the platter came with a sweet thick soy sauce and a bit of mayo.  The sashimi was more traditional, served on a bed of ice.  It was hard to share, as there was only one of each kind, but the slivers I had were great.

The most filling part of the meal was the churrasco course.  We got two hefty platters of the Rio Grande with three meats, grilled hanger steak, ribeye, and chorizo.  These were great, juicy and tender and full of that hearty grilled meat flavor.  They came with a trio of dipping sauces - malagueta pepper oil, chimichurri, and a third that is infuriatingly absent from the menu.  We also had some sides of rice, beans, collard greens, and a medley of roasted vegetables - giant corn kernels, toothsome brussels sprouts, carrots, celery, pearl onions, and more.  We also got miso-marinated Chilean sea bass a la carte, with roasted organic vegetables and oshinko.  This was a winner - the fish was moist, flakey, and shot through with miso flavor.

We were full by dessert, but loved the complimentary chocolate mousse, served with a sparkler and a congratulatory message.  The lush mousse came topped with crunchy chocolate pearls, whipped cream, and a little bit of candle-stuck banana.  We each got a sweet bite to end our wonderful dinner.

In conclusion, my friends are the best - thank you girls for this weekend, and for this fun, delicious meal.  Sushi Samba was an A+ choice, worthy of a night I won't soon forget.
Good sushi good service 
Just little pricy coz of in hotel. 
But it was good experience !
The BF and I ALWAYS eat here when we are in Vegas which is at least once or twice a year. (My favorite aunt lives there) Like most trendy Vegas restaurants, this one is GORGEOUS. It is located in the Palazzo hotel (my fave!!!)

You have to try their extensive list of Saki and their cocktails which are broken up by country: Japan, Brazil, Peru. Samba Juice is my favorite especially on a hot summer day.

This place is a little pricey but is well worth the splurge. I don't know where else you can find this type of fusion!

Our favorites are:
-Berkshire pork belly
-Sea Bass miso
-Neo Tokyo roll
-Yamato roll
-BoBo Brazil roll
-El Topo roll

Add this to your bucket list!
OMG.. My first Review written from my phone! I am so excited! 
I will start with our hostess, she greeted us, our party was ready and hungry, so we were seated in a private room hidden in the back if the Resturant.. 
I ordered the trio appetizer, miso soup, and blue point oysters for starters.. The trio was good.. The truffle sauce made the dish.. Miso soup had cilantro in it, which have it a almost Thai influence.. The oyster sauce was yum stuff with a kick.. I like a kick!
For sushi I had the sashimi with the usuals.. Was great quality of fish- did not have rolls since they had tacos, I did the lobster and hamachi.. Wouldn't suggest the lobster again but the hamachi was SOOOO yummy!
For dinner we did the Kobe on hot stone experience- while the meat lacked flavor it made up for it in texture- OMG.. 
Hamachi Kama was Huge! And Sake was so Super Smooth.. Love me some Daiginjo! 
I'm a fan of the food.. Pricing well... It's Vegas- that's all there is to say about that' ..
Second time at Sushi Samba, and it never let's me down. 

The first time I went to Sushi Samba I was a bit worked over from the Vegas weekend so I decided to order the Berkshire Porkbelly Ramen OMG that's all I have to say. So after craving that soup for a year I had to come back. 

When I ordered the Ramen as my main course  everyone at my table was making fun of me, but I had the last laugh when everyone went crazy over my soup! 

The service was slow, but they did wave our corkage fee when we ordered a few bottles of sake.
First we brought a bottle of really nice white wine here.

The manager came up and told us that the corkage fee would be $35. He then said if we bought one bottle on the wine list, including the large selection of Sake, he would waive the corkage fee. Epic win.

We got two bottles of cold unfiltered sake which I recommend to all the yelpers out there. My Fiance had this bowl of soup dish that had pork, noodles, lot of spices, etc. I had some kind of roll which was very good.

A couple people in our party ordered Churrasco Rio Grande which was this huge grill your own steak dish with tons of dipping sauces, sides, and meats. It was beyond delicious, and fun. You get to grill the meat on a hot stone.

Basically, this is the only Fusion restaurant I have even been to that worked. The menu had a lot of vegan and vegetarian items as well, and the servers handled our party which was a little rambunctious to say the least.

Prices are very reasonable.
Came in for an early dinner before a show. Service and ambiance pretty good. Here's what we had:

miso soup - salty and $6 for a $1.50 bowl. I know it's the Strip, but...
tuna tataki 
anticucho beef and seabass - these were very good, and only slightly overpriced even at Strip prices. Seabass was more like butterfish misoyaki, so you're not gonna fail here, but please don't mislead me and call it "anticucho"!
duck
rice - $5    O_O
seviche tuna 
yellowtail - $30 for 5 pcs.... and not the greatest cut
dessert was very gratifying, with the chocolate banana thing (sorry, it was a while ago) and pressed coffee and hot tea - quite excellent.

Whichever items didn't have any remarks meant that they were pretty good too. With exception to an extremely lackluster miso soup and the hamachi, the food wasn't terribly overpriced. 

They do a montage of Japanese, Hispanic, Brazilian mix. Service was decent, nothing worth noting and far from elegant, personable, or excellent but whatever I guess? I was there to eat, not have my butt kissed. Will I come back to eat when I get into town? Perhaps. They have an extensive menu so worth trying some different things. Is it a must? No.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  A+ for the friendly, quick, and attentive service.  A++ for the food.  I was there with a large group of girls for a bachelorette party (they brought out a beautiful display of complimentary strawberry shots!) and we all decided to do the chef's tasting menu.  Absolutely everything (gyoza, sushi, sashimi, steak, seabass) was fresh and delicious.  I can't wait to try out the other Sushisambas in other cities.
it's just overpriced mediocre sushi.... sad...

each sushi ordered comes in one piece so be careful of that! 
they did have something different/unique though quinoa handroll. 

not impressed.  most basic salmon sushi... not impressed. felt like i was eating box sushi.
great food. prices a little high - but very reasonable for las vegas. love the ambiance. will definitely visit again.
OMG!  I was super surprised how awesome this place was.  I was expecting some hyped up place since it was Vegas.  I was a bit skeptical since it is Japanese/Peruvian fusion.  Since it was my first time there, I didn't know what to order.  But with some tips of my friends who recommended the place, we opted for the waitress to make a menu for us.  She asked how much we wanted to spend.  I decided to go all out since it was my fiance's birthday weekend and said we wanted to spend a $100 per person.  I forgot what they brought out to us, but everything was so delicious.  Whenever I think of going to Vegas again, I definitely want to come back.  The service was great.  And we had about 6 people with us, so they just ordered off the menu.  If you don't like what they have on the menu, just have them make one for you.  They ask if you like raw fish or if your prefer cooked.  We weren't disappointed at all.
Very interesting fusion of peruvian and asian cuisine! Totally loved it. The kobe beef with the peruvian sauce...very highly recommended! Interesting seviche rolls..my palate was very happily confused at the end of dinner. Apart from the food the cocktails and sake were amazing too.
First of all... AMAZING!  If you're okay with Tapas style, paying a little more for a good meal, and willing to have fusion-y food... This place rocks!  The non-sushi plates are ALL worth trying... But our favorites were: Japanese A5 Wagyu Gyoza, Yellowtail Taquitos, the Peruvian Bay Scallops and the MELT ON YOU'RE MOUTH Sea Bass! 

Yes... This is a pricey joint, so maybe try the dishes that seem safe to you first, but everything we tried was simply amazing...That said, the sushi itself may not be anything too special, but the fusion items are totally worth every cent! 

My suggestion: check out the menu beforehand so you have an idea of what to start with... As with all fusion foods, the descriptions are essential :)  

Of note: ALL the staff was helpful and friendly and intent on SERVICE...If you're lucky enough to get Isabella... Trust her!  Her suggestions were all on point!
All dishes were very tasty and well presented.
A bit overpriced, but considering the stellar service, quality of ingredients and wonderful ambiance, not bad.
Definitely try the wagyu gyozas.
Off the charts. We trusted the waiter on sample dinner and he came through. The service was great and food was amaz.  Atmosphere was loud and alive so if you want a quite dinner than this ain't your spot.  Must get is the Chilean sea bass.
Very good.  Nice sushi, interesting other dishes, super cool atmosphere.  Definitely a winner.
Planned a 12-person dinner celebration here for a bachelorette party over labor day weekend and couldn't have been happier with the choice! 

Sushi Samba was great from the get-go. We emailed them to see about their pre-fix ordering menu for bigger parties, and their events coordinator got back to us immediately with all the important details.

The night of our reservation, my friend and I arrived at the restaurant early with some requests for our dinner. The hostess brought out the manager AND our waiter to speak with us directly. Both accommodated us perfectly in our requests for pre-ordering drinks, finding an ideal price-point for our group, and making sure the menu suited our needs. 

We were seated in their backroom at a great big table. Our waiter was extremely friendly without being overbearing. We ordered the family-style meal and asked for options on the lighter/fresher/fishier side of things. All items we got were awesome-- they hit the nail on the head with our requests: 

green bean tempura, tuna tataki, ceviche tacos, terriyaki fish skewers, a wide variety of sushi, edamame... and even more! They also made special plates for one of the girls who didn't eat raw fish. Bonus points right there!

At our price point (about $40/per person before tax and tip) we had plenty of food and even extra left over. Splitting everything family style made for a really fun evening and made splitting the check extremely easy. 

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone planning a party. Now I just have to check out Sushi Samba in Chicago!
I love this happy hour. They had a pear martini that was to die for. The lemon martini hit the spot. We tried all rolls on the happy hour and definitely would go for this weekly. Prices great for what quality you get!! I wouldn't steer you wrong this place is. Def better than the rest.
In the city that never sleeps and a hunger to feed, there are so many restaurants to choose from. Sushi samba is one of my favorites. We always go with a group and get the chefs tasting. It starts at $50/person and you get 3-4 dishes per course. My favorite dishes are the sea bass skewers and moquesca mista! So amazing in taste and flavors.
I really want to give this place 3.5 stars - I do like it a lot, but the first time I came here, I was absolutely floored. We did the "tasting" where the waitress asked what we liked, what we didn't, and just brought tasting portions of dishes for each of us to try based on our answers. It was phenomenal. Everything we had...I loved. I dreamed about it! Ok...maybe not dreamed about it, but I promised myself that next time I was in Vegas, I would be back (especially since first food & bar closed in the Palazzo, that was my favorite).

So, a few months later, I made my way back, this time for my sisters birthday. Since there weren't as many of us, we decided to go for lunch. I got my 3 favorite things from before - the wagyu potstickers (AMAZING - the pumpkin puree is fantastic, I want a jar of it. It's creamy and sweet but not out of place), the mushroom "stew" like appetizer (sorry can't remember the name!) with the "kobe" beef skewers, and the sea bass skewers (definitely a highlight). Aside from that, we got a couple sushi rolls and edamame. The rolls we got were recommended, and I must say, none of them wowed me. They were all just OK. The fish was fresh, but the flavors just didn't mesh as well as anything else (hence the deduction).

All in all, I do like this place a lot, but I would stick to the robata/brazilian/peruvian side of things, not so much the sushi!
We come here every time we are in Vegas. Amazing food and good service.  A couple of my favorites off the menu are the yellowtail ceviche and the mushroom red miso soup.

We've come both for lunch and for dinner.  The vibe at dinner time is like a club...maybe people come here before they hit the clubs or something.  It's dark and the music is crazy loud.  But my 80 year old grandma still enjoys it even with the loud music so it's not too big of a deal.  

If you're ever in Vegas I definitely recommend coming here.  Everything is good.
The manager Allen was so amazing... I come here a lot! I'm a local and I must say I never get tired of it. On Date night I could eat here every time! My newest obsession is the El Topo! If you are in Vegas please try them out they do not disappoint!
Oh my goodness. I would have to say the dinner I had here was one of the best treats I've had this year! I am so fortunate to have gotten this experience that I will never forget. It was so awesome! If coming here, I'd suggest making reservations because it is jam packed, but only because it is THAT good. The environment is bustling and vibrant. So. Much. Fun! 

When my friends showed up we got seated right away were introduced to the chef who told us he had many special dishes on their way. First off they presented us with a tower of drinks! All mini glasses of their specialty cocktails. So awesome! There were four of us and they brought us a total of 3 towers, so we each got to try 6 different flavors. Loved it so much. The variety was just amazing. I'd have to say my top 3 favorites were the Chu-cumber (cucumber flavored one), the lemon samurai, and pisco sour (I have visited Peru before so I've had the opportunity to try an authentic version of this before). So so great!

All the meals brought out for us to share were fantastic! The Peruvian corn was different a cool blend of flavors to add to our palette. The Alaskan king crab legs were perfection! And my other favorite dishes were the mini tacos and the shelled scallops. So amazing! Other fantastic dishes I got to try were the salt and pepper squid, rock shrimp tempura (amazing), miso marinated sea bass, chicken teriyaki-samba style... Like I said. One. Amazing. Experience!!! I can't wait to come back again.
Delicious food, great vibe, and the absolute best service! Never had my glass lower than half gone.  They were quick on picking up plates and would give you new plates and chopsticks with every order. Wonderful all around!
Love the atmosphere! had my boyfriends 30th b-day here and it was fantastic. You have to get the meat platter, its a steal for what you get!
One of the best Asian fusion restaurants I have been to. Typically I find restaurants based in a hotel setting to be sub par to your local restaurant, BUT sushi samba blew my socks off!
Great inventive selections and amazing drinks while listening to the DJ spinning!
Don't go to this place hungry, quantities are minimal and the quality is not that great. My tab for two was $50+ and the total sushi count was 5. No drinks or dessert. Overpriced and underwhelming. If you're looking for good, fresh, and non-pretentious sushi, go elsewhere.
Came here with a group of girlfriends and they sat us in a back room . The ambiance was DEAD. maybe one other table... I felt like a leopard.  The front of the restaurant is where it's going on! 

Well i'm allergic to sea food so it was not my choice to come here. I told our server that so he knew to tell the kitchen. I ordered the steak and BTW it was the smallest steak EVER!!! i normally wouldn't care but it was $35!!! I was still hungry after!!!  

long story short about an hour after dinner I was throwing up my tiny tiny dinner!!  I also had rashes and all that good stuff going on...  

 P.S. They ruined my Vegas night because I ended up in bed throwing up all night instead of going out with my girl friends... P.S.S. I had nothing to drink so I know it was the food. 

STAY FAR FAR AWAY !!!! If you want to see another day....

VEGAS NIGHT KILLERS!
In las Vegas as well as other big restaurant/entertainment towns, good food is expected but in Las Vegas it sometimes does not fully compare to Chicago and NY.

However, the one place I finally went to was Sushi Samba and what a great surprise.  I tend to avoid sushi in several places when traveling unless in Hawaii and some parts of CA and Japan.  Sushi Samba had some of the best dishes I have had and the quality was great.  They have a variety of menu items with small plates and full entrees.  They do some traditional sushi but mostly more interesting variations as well as the S American dishes.  Some of the items were:
Rock fish
Wagyu Gyoza
Rock shrimp tempura
Green bean tempura
Pork belly
Moqueca Mista. Seafood coconut milk and rice with green onion
Yamato sushi roll(maguro, Fois gras, Osetra caviar)
Uni shushi outstanding 
Great sake list

All the fish and shellfish were fresh and well prepared.

It gets busy so we ate at the bar and the service was excellent there.  Luna and Maria can help with picking some great dishes at the bar.

It is on the higher price side but worth it compared to a lot of other places where the food doesn't always live up to the expectations in Vegas.  Looking forward to next trip back there.
I really want a Bay Area restaurant to steal Sushi Samba's Wagyu Gyoza with pumpkin puree. WOW. I was excited to try this restaurant because the ambiance looked edgy and I was curious to try Japanese/Peruvian/Brazilian-fusion food. We were greeted with an amazing scallop dish, compliments of the chef, which assured me that I was going to be in for a great meal. The sake/wine/cocktail list was impressive and our waiter helped us choose a really nice, unfiltered, cold, sake. Our table of 4 opted to state a price per head and allowed our waiter to choose our menu for us. We had 2 must-haves - the wagyu gyoza and the pork belly. I was afraid we would leave a bit hungry but the waiter insisted $60-70/person would fill us up. Boy, was he right! We were graced with plate after plate of delectable food items. We pretty much ate every dish that most Yelpers commented on. Our drink bill w/ a bottle of wine, bottle of sake, and a round of cocktails made our bill hefty but this was such a memorable meal that no one complained! Service was fantastic, the ambiance colorful and lively, and the food is amazing! Will make our way here again next time we take a trip to Vegas.
No way I can give it less than a 5. Best Asian fusion food in Vegas!  I eat there at least once every time I am in Vegas. Definitely try the Tuna Taquitos and Duck apps. My only gripe is food comes so quickly!
Honestly only came to this place because our other dinner plans fell through and we saw the name on our key card (great advertising). We went with the option of having the waitress/chef plan our dinner and it was perfect. We got a sampling of all three inspirations (Japanese, Brazilian, Peruvian) based on our preferences. Everything was delicious and perfect for our varying palates. The only reason for one less star is because the waitress claimed to budget us for "$35-$40" and then said we were under budget... When the bill came we were definitely over, before drinks.
I do not eat sushi but all the ladies I was with wanted it - I ordered the teriyaki chicken and a side of rice and a drink....the price was outrageous! ($52) The chicken was good but not that good!
I stopped by for lunch for my sushi fix while I was in town. Looking back I maybe should have ordered  la carte. Alas I took a gamble and ordered the sushi/sashimi combo. The service was prompt and courteous. The order arrived quickly, a little too quickly for sushi. The sushi and sashimi cuts were uneven, almost wedge or doorstop-like. And for $30 dollars, not plentiful. The accompanying roll was dry and did not appear freshly made, which may have explained the speed of delivery. The roll had cuts of fish in it which was a bonus. But the outside looked as it was dipped in green tea leaves giving it an unappetizing lichen or mossy look like something attached to a tree stump in a rain forest. Honestly I had a better sushi tasting meal for dinner consisting of seared tuna avocado, mixed greens, etc., in one of the casino restaurants in the same hotel. And it was half the price. This was by far my worst meal the whole week in Vegas.
We came here for an early dinner during our trip to Las Vegas.

When we got to the restaurant, the hostess ushered us in.  We sat in front of the sushi counter.

Our friend told us to try the omakase, so we ordered two.

The food was good.  Nothing really special.  I honestly thought the place was kind of overrated...  

The omokase menu wasn't enough for us, so we had to order 3 more small plates.
Sushisamba would be very good if there weren't so many other better options for sushi on the Strip.

My wife and I dined at Sushisamba before catching Rock of Ages.  The ambiance is fun but a little busy.  It can be difficult to hold a conversation.

I started out with the red miso soup with mushrooms.  It was way to salty even for miso.  I ordered some sashimi and a sushi roll with foie gras.  It was good but not great.  My wife ordered a bunch of sides (she's pregnant and was craving rice, beans, and plantains all at the same time!).  She complained that the food was a bit too spicy.

We ordered mochi for dessert.  They were pretty good but standard without anything standing out.

Overall, there are better options for sushi.  The Latin infusion was kind of gimmicky and did not always pair well with the Japanese dishes.
Very nice sushi and service.
Unbelievable food. Just tell them your price range per person, any allergies or foods to generally avoid, and they'll custom tailor an entire menu for you. It's pretty pricey, but some of the best food I've had in my many trips to LV. If your budget allows for it, definitely get the Kobe beef with the hot rock to cook it on. It's like a religious experience.
Best. Sushi. Ever.  My absolute favorite thing, though, is the Chilean sea bass on skewers. It just melts in your mouth.  Yellow Tail tacos are delicious as well.  I've never tried anything here that I didn't like. Just. Yummy. Deliciousness.
Where to start. We went there on a Thursday night at 830. Our waiter was the worst waiter ever experienced. He was not attentive at all and was borderline rude to us the whole time we were there. The food was okay, but not excellent. The portions for the price are high even with this being Vegas. There are other places on the strip I would go to before ever go back to this place. Save your time and money!
I went to this place for my 30th (I'm not one of those women that feels the need to lie about my age---yet!). We had a reservation for 3 people at 8:30 but didn't get seated until about 8:45, which wasn't too bad. I would recommend getting your drink order in ASAP because I felt like it took awhile for our waiter to come at all. That's really my only complaint with this place--I feel like try didn't have enough waitstaff. Oh, and the place is loud as hell (but great club music) so be prepared to shout your order.

I highly recommend doing the chef's tasting menu (not on the menu I think)-- you pick a price point you want to spend (we spent $70 pp) and then let the server know what types of food you don't like or have allergies to. It's a great way to sample all they have to offer. Some of out dishes included ceviche tacos, a platter with edamame, roasted chilies, and tempura green beans with white white truffle aioli (to die for btw), Kobe beef gyoza, wagyu and sea bass skewers with Peruvian corn, and two different kinda of sushi rolls with tuna and tempura shrimp. 

I consider myself a foodie and I was thoroughly impressed.
I would like to update my previous review. I was promptly contacted my management about our previous bad experience. The manager welcomed us to come back and give it another shot. WE did and we had the most amazing time and food. Thank you Jason, server, and Allen, manager. You made my friends 30 birthday experience. For food recommendations I would recommend asking your server for suggestions. Jason ordered all of our food for us. It was spot on.my personal favorite was the sea bass skewers. I plan to return on my next trip to Vegas.
Oh man, most likely the best meal as a whole that I've ever had was here at SushiSamba. My group of 12 went with the tasting menu that was recommended by our waiter where they bring out a bunch of plates and will replace anything that you don't like with something new. A list of things I remember being placed in front of me: Otsumami, Salt and Pepper Squid, Berkshire Pork Gyoza(maybe the best thing I've ever tasted), and a large variety of sushi. Everything was dynamite. I don't like to gush in my reviews, and this place already has a ton of great, informative reviews, so I'll leave mine where it is, but I'm going to have a hard time finding a restaurant that beats SushiSamba.
Sushi Samba is in the Palazzo Hotel.  The manager, Michael, checked on us and chef Jules prepared wonderful dishes.  That restaurant took Sushi dining to a whole new level if you want a slight twist to the traditional cuisine. The sauces, spices and preparation have a Caribbean or South American kick to it. Sounds strange for the Sushi purists out there?  Try it and your taste buds will pop with new discoveries that will simply bring a smile to your face. How many times did members of our party say awesome?  Too many to count. Christine, our server, is professional, courteous, accommodating and patient. She knows the menu and foremost on her mind is customer service. Wonderful food and service. That place has it made. I will definitely go there again.  I wish they had a place out here in Southern California.
This place was recommended to us by various friends.  We were a party of 9, we were seated on the back of the restaurant. Food is good but not great.  Service is cr...  Rude in general, slow and the didn't check frequently enough if we needed something. 

For a restaurant with those prices I would expect a lot more.
This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The Chilean sea bass 10/10 is the most scrumptious skewer of tender fish and it literally will melt in your mouth. 

The Peruvian bay scallops garlic style (not on the menu ask for this!!!) are also not to be missed.

Excellent sake selection, and they will also reheat your bottle for you if it gets lukewarm.

The Yamato roll 10/10. Served with foie gras - I just wish there were more than 3 dang guess I gotta order seconds.
Amazing sushi!! Service is amazing!! We eat there at least twice every time we're in Vegas. Beats any other place in town.
Good for a late night snack. They have a late night happy hour except on Saturdays.
So we came here on a Saturday night after midnight and the place was pretty much dead and therefore sat down at the bar. They bartenders were very helpful and knowledgable.

But I have to be honest...for sushi I was very disappointed with the serving sizes. I mean this is Vegas...so I expect a generous amount especially for $15 a roll on average and I was not comfortable paying that much for a roll that I think is worth $7 at best at any other sushi restaurant. 

My suggestion would be to pass on this place. I mean you're paying for an experience, and I guess I didn't get what I paid for.
What a wonderful meal!

My boyfriend and I were in Vegas on a weekend trip and I had come across SushiSamba on yelp while doing some research before our trip.  We were staying at the Venetian so the location was perfect.  We had a reservation for 10:00 on a Saturday night.  It was packed full but we were seated promptly and the service was excellent.  My favorite dish was the Neo Toyko roll.... So delicious!!!  The decor is beautiful as well and they have a wonderful party room is you have a larger group.  I will be sure to visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
Great dinner, wonderful company :) Will definitely come back on my next visit. The food is complex and intriguing, my compliments to the chef!
One of the best restaurants to dine at while in Las Vegas!

This place is extremely popular so it isimportant to make a reservation a few days in advance especially if it is for the weekend. 
As my co-workers and I were checking in for our table, we heard the hostess telling the walk-in customers it would be at least an hour wait.

Everything on the menu is delicious. period. One of my co-workers who usually gets full after two bites of food was actually still hungry after sharing three specialty rolls and appetizers, and we ended up ordering another roll. 

The service is decent, the atmosphere is upbeat and the food is great - what more can you ask for?
We loved Sushi Samba food was great the bartenders recommendation was on point!!!! Mari & Megan are a great team ... Great experience also Isabella was awesome!!!!
The food was AMAZING, as was the service. My mom and I went and basically just relied on recommendations from our server, Homer. He recommended the most delicious cocktails and dishes. He even surprised us with one dish simply based on the preferences we mentioned and it was incredible. It was scallops with a sweet/teriyaki-like glaze and Peruvian corn on the side. Highly recommend. 

We also had the cucumber cocktail, lychee bubbletail, and lychee martini. All amazing. We ordered the special roll for the night which was phenomenal. Additionally, we got the taquitos (more like tacos with a hard shell) with the yellowtail, absolutely delicious. I doubt you can go wrong here. 

Unfortunately for all of you, that was Homer's last night. Huge loss to SushiSamba, I must say.
Horrible service, extremely ignorant waiters and waitresses. Food is way overpriced, and it was not even close to good sushi. The rolls are tasteless.
Fun sushi bar to go before a show or if you are with a group.  Imagine Asian fusion meets South America.  Great sushi, unique tapas style plates and innovative cocktails.

Service was awesome - our server did a great job sharing all her favorites and specials, was extremely attentive even though it was a very busy Saturday night.

Looking for a fun, casual dining spot in Las Vegas???  This place would get a thumbs up from me and my friend.
Food never disappoints. The drinks are awesome.
The service and food is amazing.  I came by myself - a mini vacation before Monday business - and was treated like I was a party of 10.  I ordered one of the special samba rolls - Maine lobster in crispy rice with asparagus, avocado and mango with a nice peanut dipping sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised that it came with a lobster claw with a good serving of lobster meat.  The sushi is also high quality.  I enjoyed one of my base test sushis of tuna and it was very fresh and flavorful.  Don't miss this great sushi spot at the Palazzo.
My friend K suggested SUSHISAMBA for dinner... I was trying to look at the menu online and what I could find did not represent the full menu. If you are using an iOS device (iPad/iPhone), you can't see the menu. I was almost dissuaded, but was so glad she talked me into coming here for a drink and checking out the menu!

So, needless to say, great menu, so we put our name in and settled into the bar. The hostesses take your phone number and text you when your table is ready, which is a great option so you're not tied to staying right by the entry waiting for a table.

The bartender was super sweet and made us great cocktails. I enjoyed the Lychee Bubbletail, which was delectable. K had a drink with berries and elderflower liqueur, which was also fab.

K had insisted that the sea bass skewers were amaze balls, so we went with that. We started with two orders (2 skewers each) and sides of the coconut rice and black beans. The beans were tasty, but hard to eat with chopsticks. Coconut rice was fantastic and I could have eaten a whole bowl by myself (but I'm glad I didn't).

Karen's suggestion on the skewers totally delivered. We even ended up getting a third order because they were sooooo good! Melty and flavorful. We even convinced the guys next to us to get an order and they liked it, too!

We finished with a desert that was a chocolate upside-down cake with bananas. It was small, but perfect. Super flavorful, great texture and perfect to share with a friend.

Service was good, but not a standout. 

I could basically eat those sea bass skewers every day. 

It's a little spendy, but let's face it, everything on the strip is. I'd definitely come back.
One star for Peruvian corn and another for chipped plate. It's just plain RUDE!

Interesting pairing of the ingredients but falls short of anything close to amazing. 

Looking for sushi? Don't look here go else where.
We made a 5 pm reservation to miss the crowds before a show. Hostess was cheerful and seated us promptly. They had all the guests lumped together in a section where we were packed into a cluster of tables like we were eating at a hot dog eatery in a Tokyo subway. To my left was Captain Bitchy Bitch, a wormy white collar jackass that ripped on the food and the fact that the water was flat, and called out the poor busboy for not giving him all his sparkling water. To my right was mommy neurotic, who announced grandly at the beginning of dinner that "this is a 'no phone night!'" then proceeded to interrupt hubby's ramen orgy with tales from the nanny.

It was not an enjoyable dining experience. I could smell the tic tacs that Mommy neurotic was chomping nervously when she sat down. Love those strawberry ones - don't tell me they are "for the kids", mommy. 

As for the food? Ok. Not worth the price, timing of our order was laughable (and our neighbors were not pleased either with how the kitchen's timing played out for their meal(s)). Cocktails were good...but I left feeling somewhat ripped off (not a good value) and exhausted after our triple-date-by-proximity.

Go to grand luxe instead. If you are looking for funky fusion, go to the spa and get a Brazilian wax and drink French wine.
I usually dont bad mouth a restaurant, but this place I have to! The food was awfull, and not to mention the service sucked! They had 1 airhead waitress taking orders for the whole place and she just didnt care about making people wait. To pay 24 dollars for a roll, you would think it would taste like fish and not cardboard. I ordered a pomegranate martini and asked if they use Pom, and was reassured they did, but my martini tasted like perfume not pomegranate. After complaining to the waitress, the manager approached us and asked how can he make up and offered us some yellowtail sashimi, He brought over 4 thin pieces of sashimi, and after getting the bill we realized he charged us 22 dollars for the 4 pieces. Their sushi tasted like paper and cardboard, not fish. After spending 200 dollars among 2 couples and leaving there hungry, I was very upset. A total rip off!!!
I was looking for a quick dinner before heading to bed and sushi sounded great.  I was solo so a nice seat at the bar, a little DJ music and great bar service was just the touch.  Had two sushi rolls and loved the bartenders recommendation the Lima.  Shrimp tempera with crab was amazing.  Also had two mojitos, great night. Definitely recommend.
I give 5 Stars to Customer Service but MINUS 1 Star for having the environment dark! Food was delicious and average.Plus I MINUS 1 more Star for charging my 6 years old daughter $15 for 5 piece of "California Rolls" ... really its California Rolls!!!
The pork belley BBQ was amazing.
Service, atmosphere and food were excellent. On the pricey side but unique rolls and traditional favorites. We just had the sushi and an amazing bottle of sake.
I have been here a few times now. You have 2 options. You can go omakase, which is nice because you can actually choose the amount of money you want to spend. I recommend at least $50 but to you your own. They will bring out as much or as quality as you spend. They will ask you your allergies, likes and dislikes and the chefs will create a course for you. Make sure to always get the sea bass skewers. The sushi rolls are just OK but everything else on the menu is way above average. If I can't make up my mind in Vegas to eat, I end up here.
What a fun and creative way to do sushi! You can go as traditionally Japanese or Latin as you want with the assortment of sushi and churrascaria--but the best way to do it is with the fusion-y dishes that combine the best of both worlds. You can't go wrong with any of the rolls, but my fave is the yellowtail ceviche with a fresh flavor profile you won't find anywhere else.
Sea bass skewers here are delicious! Definitely recommend.

The peruvian corn was interesting but not very flavorful. My friend loved it though. We ordered a lot of rolls but I don't remember any of the names. They were pretty good but probably not the best I've had.

The tempura string beans here are where it's at though. They're served with this garlic aioli sauce on the side and the combo is SO GOOD. I could munch on these things all day long. 

It's a very trendy place but don't expect to have any intimate conversations. The music is constantly blasting in the background.
Since this was downstairs in our hotel, the Palazzo, and it was happy hour, we decided to stop by. It's only in the bar area though so we had to wait a little bit for a seat or open area at the bar. Special fancy drinks for $6 and then also an assortment of appetizers for also $6 each. Each portion is tiny so  getting food for multiple people so it can add up. We tried the yellowtail (2 pieces in an order), spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, salt and pepper squid, and the enzo roll (I think that's what it called). The yellowtail was fresh and had a unique sauce (lemongrass) that it came with. The first two rolls and the squid were ok. And the enzo roll was my favorite. It had salmon and these crispy bits in it and was rolled in like a white rice paper instead of seaweed. For drinks we all tried the Fresca, which had muddled strawberries and a bunch of alcohols. I found it light, sweet and refreshing. All and all, a good place for a little something something before dinner. HH is definitely not enough for a full on meal and it's a little pricey but I guess better than a regular meal here.
Best sushi I've ever had. So unbelievably fresh and delicious. Service was flawless, you truly get what you pay for here. We told our waitress our pricepoint, which was about $80 per person and she brought us a mix of items catered specifically to our interests. Best meal I've had in Vegas, must go!
Not bad. Decent sushi. The sea bass skewers was easily the highlight. Not worth the price overall though.
SushiSamba offers high quality food and ingredients but it was all underwelming. My group of friends did the $50 per person and while some of the dishes were good, nothing was amazing. For the total we paid (+$500), there could have been some amazingness incorporated and we could have been a bit more full leaving the restaurant. The sushi platter was petite in quantity as well as size of the pieces. The decor was probably the best part about the experience, artsy and contemporary. I guess when it comes to sushi, I'll have to "fish" for the traditional.
I would have given 4 stars if it wasn't for the bartender/waitress "Lynn". Apparently she was new, but it was not necessary to be so rude when I politely asked to get a table. You shouldn't act so stuck up if you are working in customer service, especially when there's not much to be stuck up about. Stop killin' the vibe for customers!

If she didn't kill mine and my cousins mood it would have been a great experience. Everyone else was great and the food was delicious
Awesome and fun restaurant for your visit to Vegas. Told the chef to surprise us and we were pretty easy going and eager to try new things-- and he absolute outdid himself. Highly recommended.
Service was knowledgable, considerate, and attentive. Food was tasty with a nice combination of flavors and textures. A little pricey. But it is Las Vegas.
Sushi Samba continues to exceed my expectations.  I highly recommend the happy hour.  It's seriously the best deal in town.  But you have try out the regular menu as well.  I usually eat at the bar.  Everyone in the bar area is great.  Last time I was there, we had Mari as our bartender/server.  She was outstanding.  She recommended the rock fish, which was amazing.  Mojitos were amazing as usual.  Definitely check this place out!
This is the second time I've been here and it's super delicious. I would highly recommend the family style tasting menu. You try a variety of things that I probably would not have ordered and it's totally delicious. I would highly recommend.
Ryan our waiter was really good and helpfull. I dont like sushi but he suggested to create them with shrimp tempura and some spices and it was delicious.  Will definitely come again.
The sea bass is ridiculous. Eat it. You will want more. The service was excellent, as was most of the food. The fusion of Japanese and Brazilian cuisines is a great match. The only thing keeping this place from a five star from me is the price,  which is a little high. Still, I would recommend this place if you find yourself on the strip and looking for an outstanding meal.
Amazing Asian Fusion in Vegas - yes please!  The sea bass appetizer was hands down the best piece of fish I've ever had. Make sure to get a dish with some Peruvian corn and some sake to top it off.  I'll be back here again next time I'm in Vegas!
If you don't know what to order,  go for the tasting menu. Just tell them your price range and what you would like. The kobe beef definitely a try! Very convenient location, good for shopping or walk after having all the food.
Popped in for happy hour and it was probably the best happy hour I've been to in a long time! $6 for the lemon samurai cocktail, which was delicious, and a great selection of appetizers. I think HH is every day so I will definitely be adding it to my must-do list. The appetizer portions aren't huge but you could probably fill up with enough orders.
I have to rate this restaurant down due to its poor service to us. Our order didn't go through the system well so we waited almost an hour for the food. The manager was quite nice to compliment us with an extra dish for the long wait. Among all dishes i tried, i will recommend two: the green tea ice cream and the sea bass.
Still in Las Vegas. Very late dinner yesterday at Sushi Samba and great experience. Wagyu beef carpaccio fantastic. Samba roll. Pork belly and kampachi neck were amazing. Waitress was very nice, service impeccable. A must try guys
Absolutely adored this place! We had a party of 8 and decided on the personalized chef's choice menu.  The total cost per person at the end including a bottle of saki was about $70 per person but it was so worth it.  Each plate that came out was better than the last.  I felt like we were judges on top chef.  Presentation was gorgeous and service top notch.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone planning a Vegas dinner.
Oh Sushisamba. I am having a real hard time with this review. 

First of all we made a reservation and were swiftly escorted to our table. The restaurant was dead yet we were packed into one area, on top of the other dozen couples in the restaurant. I HATE when places do that. We were literally elbow to elbow with strangers in an empty restaurant - UGH.

Second, since we were so close to everyone else we observed first hand what awesome service they were getting. It was too bad our waiter was different (his name was Kiley I believe) and he SUCKED. Disappeared for long periods of time, took forever to take our order and bring drinks, didn't ever say when he'd be back around, didn't check on us, didn't apologize, took forever with the check. Really bad service made worse by the excellent service everyone else around us seemed to be getting.

Third, the only redeeming thing about this place was the food. It was excellent. However, it was overpriced and the portions were really small. Normally I could overlook bad service and a weird atmosphere if the food is great but not with this place. I can say for certain that I will not be back here - especially in Vegas where good food and good service are the gold standard. Sushisamba isn't worth a second chance.
My friend and I went here for NYE dinner. Firstly the restaurant is very small, I felt like I was at a caricature In N Out Burger joint. It didn't at all feel like a nice restaurant but the prices sure were! The food was not great either, sushi very basic though they tried to make it sound like it was something special. They tried to charge us a $60 cover charge without telling us prior to our reservations. We stayed at the Venetian which enabled us to get a for 2 for 1 Caipirinha. The waiter took the order then when he brought the bill at the end he said that because it was NYE they weren't honouring it, I asked to speak to the manager where we discussed both issues. In the end she removed it from our bill. I do not recommend this place for sushi, go to the Cosmo Hotel, it's much better and so is the ambiance. Extremely disappointed given that the London and NY ones are amazing!
not bad. dumplings n tacos were good. it would be on my to go to places in sin city
After eating here for the past 5 years, sometimes multiple times per trip, last nights dinner beat them all. Recent menu changes were welcome, as well as seeing the old favorites still rockin' the menu.

What made this trip so special though was eating dinner at the bar and having Megan take care of us. Not only was she a fantastic Bartender but she knew the menu backwards and forwards.

This place gets busy, so don't miss an opportunity to experience the full menu at the bar and maybe Megan will make your dinner all the more special.
The service at Sushisamba was so bad that I am actually having trouble remembering the quality of the food. All I know for sure is that most of it was delicious, despite the fact that the fusion of Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese cuisines seemed a lot more forced than I'm sure the owners envisioned.

Anyway, the service. Our waiter was inexplicably absent for twenty to thirty minutes at a time, which is not the way a waiter at a place that thrives on small plates ought to do his job. Glasses sat empty. Plates sat bare. He didn't check on us, even when we were waiting anxiously to pay him and leave.

Las Vegas weeds out places like Sushisamba over time. There are always young, dynamic restaurateurs that want to come in, hire an enthusiastic staff, and serve creative food. This place had the food down. But with service like the kind we had, I can't imagine a long tenure.
Love sushi. Love pan-Asian so I had high expectations. Absolutely amazing Tuna Tataki recommended by bartender.  See my pic. I would return here just to eat it again!Salmon sashimi was fresh but nothing memorable. Even at the bar the service was awful, quite prompt probably due to being there 3 pm but they got orders wrong on both sides of me, and not terribly attentive. Yes they're expensive but no more so than any similar quality restaurant. If you want good, cheap authentic Asian food you need to go off-strip to where the locals live.
I'm a sushi connoisseur . This place has a nice ambience, sake selection was very good, but food was just ok.
Delicious food, but the gem of the night was when Tanice blew us all away with her expert knowledge of the restaurant, from the art to the details of the origins of the videos on the tv. She captivated us with her stories of past videos and the controversies surrounding them. We'd go back just to hear more of her wisdom!
The food was DELICIOUS and the service was phenomenal!  The waitress, Tanice, was super friendly & highly knowledgable, when we asked about the beer and the cool art work on the wall she made great conversation and perfect recommendations on the food.  The entire table was very impressed. Wonderful resturaunt with hip edgy ambiance and super cool staff.  Loved it.
Tanice is the most knowledgeable waitress I have ever met!  She has an encyclopedic knowledge of the menu and attentive customer service!  Tanice food recommendations were excellent.  I highly recommend Sushi Samba for people visiting Vegas, especially the Ramen bowl and Steak meat platter - delicious.
Amazing service. The sushi was okay but the yellowtail taquito, although not really a taquito, was my favorite.
This place is good, but super pricey. If you come by yourself, grab a seat at the bar. However, this place is better for a small group. Grab a table and soak up the cool encironment. Sitting at the bar will put your back to the cool decor and you'll end up looking at nothing super distinguishingly fantastic. If you're traveling on your own/for business, go to a different bar. 
The rolls are good, but small. This place is WAY more about the ambiance than the quality of food.
Last night my fiancee and I had tickets to a show at the Palazzo and decided to grab a bite to eat at SushiSamba. We have never eaten there, but we love sushi and Brazilian food so we figured we'd give it a try.  Wow - am i glad we did. We live in Las Vegas and eat out quite often. I have always believed that while the food in a restaurant is important, a review on food may not be that helpful.  We all have different tastes - for example, we are not big "spicy food" eaters. So someone with different tastes might not find our food review that helpful.  However, one aspect of dining i believe is extremely important, and also very helpful in a review, is the service. And, while the food was excellent (I'll get to it) the service is what really made this restaurant stand out. 

Service: Our server was Mike D and the manager that evening was Allen Holmes. The first thing i noticed was Mike's product knowledge.  He introduced himself and asked if we had been there before. Once he found out we were new to the joint, he began asking us what we liked and explaining both the food and extensive sake menus. We found out through Allen that the servers go through extensive training and try all of the food as well as most of the Sake at tastings they have each week. That way they can learn how to pair the food with different drinks. Mike suggested a number of dishes and we ended up ordering most of them. The appetizers arrived pretty quickly and as I'll describe below, some were nothing short of amazing. Upon the suggestion of Mike, my fiancee ordered the Sea Bass and I the Rib-Eye special. Both were so insanely good we just could not believe it.

Mike was attentive and very engaging. He didn't bother us, but at the same time he made sure we were enjoying our dinner and seemed to enjoy taking a moment to get to know us. It seemed to make him happy we were having such a good time at dinner.  This is NOT something you see with most servers in Las Vegas. To add to the service, the bar manager Allen stopped by our table and and chatted with us, making sure we were having a good time. We spent some time talking with him about the restaurant - He seems to really know his business and it was impressive to hear how much he enjoys working there. 

We didn't have time for dessert since the show was about to start, but we looked at the menu and told Mike we would be back after the show.  We went back for dessert and Mike made a point to say how nice is was to be able to serve us twice in one night. Allen also came back and said hello - and brought over some Farofa (Brazilian dish that has the consistency of sand - not my favorite, but she loves it) because my Fiancee had commented that next time she wanted to try it - He remembered. What I also found was pretty amazing was that Mike had saved the bottle of water we had ordered at dinner on ice - in case we returned. Since it hadn't been finished - we didn't have to order a new bottle. WHO DOES THAT!! 

Food: As for the food, the appetizers ranged from OK to amazing.  The Tuna Tataki and sushi roll we ordered were OK. The tempura shrimp and vegetables were very good - light and crispy, not oily. The best appetizer for me was the GYOZA. I eat steamed dumplings everywhere i go if possible and these were the best i have EVER had. I wanted to order 3 more, but decided to wait for my meal. Glad I did!. My Fiancee ordered the Sea Bass. Mike said it was the most popular item on the menu.  We understand why.  The best she has ever eaten. I agreed after tasting it. The sweet sauce that comes with it was insane.  The Rib-eye special I ordered came in a covered dish - sizzling like a fajita. It was tender, juicy and cooked to perfection (medium rare). Rib-eye is my favorite dish and this was just different enough (yet the same) to make it one of my all time favorites. Unfortunately, its a special, so I'm sure it wont be around forever.

Lastly, when we returned for dessert we ordered the cheesecake and sundae - both were deconstructed versions of the two dishes. Very tasty - especially the caramelized popcorn they use in the sundae. I finished my meal with a nice port wine and cup of cappuccino.

All in all it was such an unexpected treat it made a night out in Vegas spectacular.  Which is rare for 2 people who have lived here for over 14 years.
If this is a dinner on someone's else's dime then 4.5 stars. On yours? Let's go with three.

Terrific last night in Vegas dinner- unique flavor combinations and a menu varied enough you can bring your work colleague that only eats steak (which we did.)

The drinks hit the spot and were subtle and fresh. Great selection of regional/international liquors too.

Food was day boat fresh (or seemed so)...as Vegas is not on the water. Everything came out quickly as well. Adore the medium rare lamb and the selections of dipping sauces. Must try their rare yellowtail. Can't go wrong here if someone else is buying. FYI: super trendy images on the giant wall-to-wall tvs - everything from images of sand burials to waterfall frolicking near naked. Maybe pass on SushiSamba for a family dinner with the kiddos.
Good lunch option for Vegas! 

We started with the Japanese Wagyu Gyoza and all I can say is, wow! This little pockets pack a ton of flavor. I kind of wanted to order another round but I refrained. 

The yellowtail sashimi tiradito was also wonderful. Thick slices of fish came in a bed of lemongrass and jalapeno sauce. 

The let down were the rolls. We ordered the green envy and the lima and both were a little weird. I'd say avoid the rolls. The flavors were just off and coming from LA where you can find fantastic rolls at many places, I wouldn't order rolls at Sushi Samba again. 

The place was packed so service was a bit spotty, but I'd come back again and stick to the tiraditos and gyoza.
This was our second time here. First was last August for lunch. Last night for dinner. Totally recommend making reservations, it was busy! We ordered the chicken teriyaki with purple potato mash, so yummy. Lobster taquitos and shrimp tempura rolls were awesome.
The sushi was awesome. The Sasa handroll was great. The service on the other hand was not.
Compared to Vegas buffets this place is expensive and the amount of food you get is not alot...again, compared to what you get in Vegas. But, the quality of the food is really great. Recommend coming here with a large group and eating FAMILY STYLE. This is where you tell them how much you want to spend per person and they bring out food for you to eat and try. We had some of the following:

Shishito Peppers: Excellent, large, flavorful peppers. I usually have them at other places and they are small. These peppers where big and So good!
Japanese Wagyu Beef Goyza - AMAZING. One order is not enough.
Peruvian Corn 
The Tacos - I don't remember the name of them, but get the tacos!
All of the sushi rolls are amazing.

EVERYTHING IN THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!
My favorite place to eat when my co workers and I are in town. Very expensive but well worth the money. they have the best chefs there.
My favorite destination on my annual trip to Las Vegas. Mari, the bartender, is awesome. So friendly and ready to suggest great stuff. I have fairly standard stuff -- spicy tuna, spicy salmon  gyoza. Always tasty. Nice selection of sake. I like to sit at the bar. A great "comfort food" place, if you love sushi. Yum!
The service was amazing - our server (Jason H) helped us navigate the Japanese/Peruvian/Brazilian fusion menu with finesse!  Started with the sashimi tiradito - yellowtail was the bomb, served with a stunning jalapeo and lemongrass sauce...brilliant!  Also enjoyed the kanpachi - served with yuzu, sea salt, and black truffle oil.  Yamato roll was very unique and yummy - tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar,  and gold leaf...Anticuchos were wonderful, recommend the sea bass.  Drinks...go with the mojitos and the cucumber martinis
I believe in giving credit where credit is due. Sushi Samba is one of our go-to spots in Vegas to get our sushi fix...Every time we go.They do sushi right with only the freshest seafood, prepared in creative and delicious ways.
I'm always on a hunt for a good sushi place whenever I travel. My friends and I are staying at the Venetian and came across SushiSamba on their restaurant list. It's a fusion of Japanese, Brazilian & Peruvian cuisine which got me intrigued. I usually go for the traditional Japanese sushi but with an open mind and palate, we gave it a shot.
We sat at the sushi bar, of course. The ambience was pleasant and our server, Vanessa, was very gracious giving us wonderful recommendations.
We ordered:
Sashimi Tiradito: Kanpachi (our favorite!!) and Tuna
Yamato roll - tuna, foie gras,oysters caviar & gold leaf
Lamb chop in red miso & lime
Sea bass miso & Peruvian corn
Japanese A5 wagyu beef gyoza
We loved the flavors of each dish and enjoyed them thoroughly. At the end, we were served 2 flavors of mochi for dessert.
It was a bit pricey but overall, great dining experience for both food and service!
This place is good, pricey but they server quality food. We have tried the grilled lamb chop, wagyu gyoza, yellowtail tiradito, sashimi 15 pieces, uni  and hotate sushi.We love each and every item, if the uni wasn't $6 a piece, I would have ordered more.
Disappointing are the first words out as I depart the resturant.  I applaud them for the boldness but the flavor profiles just do not blend. 

Hamachi sashimi - although the fish was fresh the pureed sauce and red jalapeo   kill off any flavor of the fish. 

Salt and pepper squid - good concept but over cooked. The squid was stringy. 

Shisho peppers  - not cooked well as the size of the peppers varied from very small to very large. No consistency in the bake so the small peppers were overcooked and the large peppers were still a bit undercooked. 

Sasa Handroll - a shrimp tempura with quinoa in a soy wrapper. The quinoa was aldente so the texture of the quinoa overpowered the entire roll. Also the shrimp was smothered in saracha mayo so you could not taste the shrimp. 

Sushi -
  Saba - a bit fishy
  Hamachi - nice thick cut
  Kampachi - stringy and a bit slimy
  Ikura - fresh and clean 
  Uni - fresh and clean
Pretty chill spot. I gotta say the ambiance is out of this world. Ambiance alone I would recommend coming here, even if just to have a martini. 

They have a large selection of specialty cocktails, and a really awesome/unique food menu. 

I was out for a quick client lunch, and didn't have nearly as much time as i'd hoped to explore the menu. We all enjoyed our sushi and the service was pretty good too. 

This place is open for lunch which is awesome because, the other sushi spots are only open for dinner. 

This place would be great first date spot in my opinion because it's not overly romantic and would come across as fun, hip and trendy. Also would be great for birthday parties with more than a few people. 

Can't wait to bring my husband here on our next Vegas weekend.
Ok love the Palazzo, and love Sushi! It was a win win! Sat at the bar and got excellent service from the bartenders and the food was brought out efficiently.  5 stars for customer service and atmosphere.  
The tuna small plate was great and the tuna ceviche was great.  Both were packed with flavor and fresh! The presentation was beautiful, the taste was delicious every bite and I enjoyed myself.  would definitely go back!
The only reason I can't give 5 stars is the prices! They are extremely high, especially for the small plates, for the amount of fish you get.  I guess thats what you get in a strip hotel but with other options there it isn't a must if you compare.  There are some gerat off the strip sushi places I can wait and go to in order to satisfy the craving!
Food was very good. 

The noise and the added noise of what they called music ruined the dinner. 

I like to have table conversation.  Not yell at them.
Nice place with great music. Great thing is they open late til 1am on a weeknight.
they have a variety of different selection.. food overall was delish.  Nice waiters kept refilling out water glasses.
Price are outrageous. Don't order the hand roll. One piece = $10 of your life. I wanted a higher end sushi restaurant and I got a rip off. The sushi was great but it still over price.

Don't go there unless you are a high roller.
Love, love, love SushiSamba!  The service was great and the sea bass and Peruvian corn are delicious!
Delicious! If you love sushi with a twist this is the place you must visit. The dishes are beautiful works of art and their flavor mixes are bold and colorful! Do try their cocktails as well. We loved their Mojitos more than anything else. Appetizers were a little small but works out so that you could try more dishes and enjoy more flavors. Kudos to the creative chefs!
Really liked the decor and concept! I was able to try the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos (Amazing! I'd come back for these alone!) Also sampled the San Paulo roll (Great!) the  Neo Tokyo (Great) and the Eel & Cucumber (Good). Very tasty! 5 stars and Bookmarking, I'll be back!
Loved this place, from the atmosphere, to the food and service.  We went with a group of 6 and the table was very comfy, we dined in a tapas style which is one of my favorite ways to go.  Here are some of the highlighted dishes.

Squid - this was the most tender piece of squid I have ever encountered it was seasoned perfectly with S&P and just melted in your mouth.

Pork belly Ramon soup - Oh my so tasty, large portion of pork belly, multiple mushroom varieties, bok choy, noodles and a spicy cilantro broth.  Yummy

Tuna Roll - with foie gras and caviar, small portion but so worth it, the fresh tuna mixed perfect with the warm foie and salty caviar.

Sea bass Kabobs - Just get them!!!  So buttery and fresh, they had a perfect taste and texture.

I would definitly suggest this place for groups getting ready for a big night out, they had a dj playing good music but not to loud, the lights were perfectly dimmed and the food and service was on point.  Would go back anytime.
This place was highly recommended by a friend, so we decided to stop by after watching Panda. It was a Thursday night, but the place is still pretty packed. But they were able to fit us in even without rsvn. The server was super friendly and quickly made recommendations after finding out its our first time there. All his recommendations were amazingly delicious, especially the seabass and porkbelly. But my absolute favorite: the roll with the foie gras, caviar, gold flakes on tuna (sorry, I'm bad with remembering names). You know that feeling when you put a piece of food in your mouth and immediately get overflown by amazing flavors that make your eyes roll back with a feeling of euphoria? yea, that good!
I had only been here for early dinner and lunch, but for my bachelorette weekend we decided to have dinner there on Friday night. WOW! The service was incredible and the sushi was delicious. 

They have an incredible seaweed salad. The sashimi is prefect, you can't go wrong with any option. They even bought the cutest complimentary drinks for us. Thank you Sushi Samba for making the dinner great!!! 

They ambiance is the perfect spot if you want a nice fun dinner but still want to be able to hear your conversation. 

I highly recommend it.
Creative dishes but too expensive. Portions were really small. We spent $45 and were still hungry.
Open late! The sushi here was awesome! The service was ok... I wanted to give this place a 5 star but the waitress insisted on letting us know about the drama in the restaurant repeatedly. We had a crab roll that was to die for.. fresh crab in the roll along with a king crab claw with the fresh claw meat still in it. We ordered a roll that was to have no rice and as a substitute for the seaweed they use cucumber that is sliced thin to wrap around the sashimi inside. Unfortunately after waiting for about 20 min for this roll the waitress came to tell us they made a mistake in the back and no longer have the cucumber. In order to make up for it they gave us a roll they made in error on the house. All in all I would come back, but might avoid the waitress as I feel she aired to much of the internal problems to us.
...just finished. Wow. Service was great, good was amazing ...I could go for another round. The roll with the Kobe beef on top. Get that one.
Must must take my bf here the next time I go. So yummy!! 

The restaurant was very casual with spectacular food and fantastic wait-staff. Our waiter suggested he choose a tasting menu according to our party size (keeping in mind the 1 girl who couldn't eat raw fish) and our budget ($50 per girl). Smartest thing we did entire trip!! Upon hearing we were there for a bachelorette party, a free round of shots!

The standouts were the green bean tempura with truffle aioli, wagyu beef gyoza and sea bass skewers. But the yellowtail seviche tacos with chili foam sauce stole the whole damn show. YUM. 

Not so yummy turned out to be the rolls, but we just packed it up and brought it for the girls in the hotel room that were recuperating from the night before. They thought it was delicious. I think we were just full by then.
I have been here probably at least 4x over the past year. I have never had a bad experience yet.  Last night my Aunt was in town visiting.  She was staying on the strip at Treasure Island so we decided to grab some sushi at the Palazzo. 

The Otsunami appetizer of edamame, crispy green beans and green peppers is really good! It was the first time I had sea bass skewers based on other yelp reviews and they did not disappoint! For sushi we had Bobo Brazil roll with is kobe beef, the sushi samba roll with the lobster claw and the Lima roll with Spicy King Crab mix. Also if you want a good cocktail the Samba juice is really good!

They have a busy bar area to have some drinks, a nice sushi bar and a very lively atmosphere inside the restaurant. 

The only downside if i had to give one is the rolls are relatively small for the price. However the quality is high! I would recommend checking it out if you are in the area.
OMG this sushi place is over-the-top fresh & fabulous!
Everything was high-end presentation from the leather menus, appetizers, drinks, dishes, decor, staff, music and lighting.  
Experience was WOW...simply WOW.
2 thumbs up and kisses to the chef and staff for making this such an enjoyable experience!
This place was fantastic. Some of the freshest fish I've ever had, which was disappointing, given that I live near San Francisco.

The Sweet Plantains were to die for. The Purple Mashed Potatoes were gorgeously displayed and tasty to boot.

My husband has Celiac disease, and didn't get sick here, and we went twice, because it was so good. We were even able to have dessert there, which is really rare, because most desserts are gluten free. 

The one downside is that the prices are quite steep. However, with the frequency that hubby is able to have sushi, since most sushi rice has wheat in it to make it stick better, it was worth the 100$ check for two people.

Our waiter was fantastic, and while busy gave outstanding service. He catered to both my and my husbands allergies with an outstanding attitude. Can't wait to come back to Vegas, just to go to this restaurant again.
Food is good. Prices are NOT.

- Seabass: $29 miso glazed and pretty freakin delicious. Cooked perfectly also. But the portion was probably 3 maybe 4 bites at most.

- Handrolls: We had salmon skin, salmon and avocado, spicy tuna, and yellowtail. The ingredients were fresh, but the rolls were very small and about ~$8-$10/each.

- Various rolls: We tried the Yamato ($19 for 3 pieces). There wasn't even enough for me to get a chance to try it since there were only 3 pieces LOL, but my friends said it was probably the best roll there. Pure decadence being topped with foie gras, caviar, and gold flakes. We also tried a few other rolls for which I can't remember the names (SORRY!) but they had wagyu beef and another had maine lobster. Both were interesting, but I wasn't blown away.

- Nigiri: Fresh but again, extremely pricey! $5-$10 a PIECE! Yup, not an order of 2 pieces...that price is PER PIECE! O_o

- Sides: We ordered the corn and plantains at $7 each. The corn was delicious but a very small portion in a cup. Same thing with plantains. Grilled deliciously but only a few slices for a whopping $7.

If you haven't gotten the undertone of my review yet, it's that this place is EXPENSIVE! LOL We each paid roughly $50/person and no one left feeling full. It wouldn't have been so bad had the service been better though. We were missing a few things at the table and had to ask several times for it (place setting, water, and soy sauce dishes).
THE SERVICE WAS THE WORST I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED---- EVER! 

We were sitting for about 15-20 minutes before receiving food or cocktail menus, and this was not because the waitress had not gotten around to us (she was there the minute we sat down) but rather because "she lost the menus" or "couldn't find any in this area". She proceeded to describe menu items to us instead of just going to find menus. I ordered a drink based off her description and ended up sending it back because it was a completely different type of liquor than she had said it was. 

We only received menus when we insisted on getting them. When she did bring the menus she proceeded to tell us how she had to go all the way to the front of the restaurant to get them... Are we supposed to feel bad for you? That is part of your job! The food was great, the service awful making for a unenjoyable experience and one that will not bring me back to any of their locations.
My first yelp review!
I ate here on Monday night with my husband and we had an amazing evening. The food was spectacular. Our waiter put together a tasting menu for us that was out of this world. Highly recommend the sea bass skewers, and yellow tail tacos. Our waiter Jeff was great, everything he suggested was wonderful and we were also equally impressed with a young manager named Jason. He was so attentive and we felt he genuinely cared about us and our experience. My only complaint would be that the music was too loud and took away from the ambience. Other than that it was a great experience and we will be coming back for sure. I just wish there was a SushiSamba here in San Diego!
one of the best restaurant in las vegas
not as good as the sushi places in san francisco 
but its really fresh
I had a group of 9.  The service was the absolute BEST compared to other places we dined.  The food was amazing and the Manager and our server Carmine took great care of us.  The majority of the table went with the chef's selection.  We all did $50 a head and the food came out.  It was an incredible experience and my palette thanks you.  The decor is hip and the music was to our liking  The sea-bass skewers?  OMG.  Everything was superb.  Only thing was when it was time to wrap up and close the bill.  Took a little longer than expected but still a great experience and we enjoyed our time there.
Absolutely amazing food & even better service, thank you Vanessa for all of your excellent service, A++++!
My favorite restaurant in Vegas. I go here whenever I'm in town. I always leave it up to the server/ chef when I order so I've tried a little bit of everything and have never been disappointed. On my most recent visit I really enjoyed the skewers & the scallops. You really can't go wrong here.
I really enjoyed dining here with my group of girlfriends. One thing I loved is their family style menu where we can share bunch of things off their menu. Also the variety of seafood, sushi and meat. The price is very reasonable as well. We pretty much tried half the menu and it was all delicious! Everything looked and tasted perfectly. Also, the environment is really fun and comfy that my friends and I had an amazing time. Definitely recommend this place large groups.
We walked in and were seated quickly. That was nice.

Food was good. Pricey, but good. The edamame and fried tempura were absolutely amazing for a small appetizer before our sushi.

The sushi menu doesn't really have too much of a variety.

And the music was just so loud that I couldn't enjoy my company's conversation.
This was by far our best meal in Vegas! Isabella was an amazing server!  

She suggested the taste menu and it did not disappoint!  They catered to my gluten free needs and the food was amazing

Overall amazing food and service!  Can't wait to come back!
I learned that you can become quite full from sushi. Very full.
Everything was delectable and unique.

The only downside to the experience was that - we all told our waiter what our overall budget was for the meal and to work within those parameters. It seems it was our fault for trusting him when he said he's done this many times before.

Our tabs came out $30 higher per person than what we allotted. Major bummer on our wallets but I never heard our stomachs complain.

You could dine here on a budget and be happy as can be. Or you could rack up a big bill. Your call. Either way you'll have left trying some new flavor profiles and enjoyed some delicious food.
My boyfriend took me and another couple here for this past valentines day. 

It was super empty at 8:30 pm on valentines night which I thought was really weird. 

I'll start off by saying service was impeccable. Even the manager came over to check on us and wish us a happy valentines day and even chatted it up with us for a little while. He even brought some kind of champagne with strawberries for us at the end of our dinner. I believe his name was Jeremy so if I'm correct....then thanks Jeremy you definitely made our experience a good one. Kudos to Philip our waiter as well. He dealt with our drunk asses throughout the entire dinner and provided amazing service at the same time. 

We ordered an order of the wagyu gyoza to try. Yeh we ended up ordering another 4 orders right away. I think that might give you a good idea of just how amazing this dish is. I can guarantee you won't be disappointed with it. Then we got the churrasco with like 3 or 4 different meats that came with 3 different sauces. If you've got money to spend then I definitely suggest getting this dish. The spicy tuna hand roll with spicy mayo on top was also AMAZING. Hands down the best spicy tuna hand roll I've ever had. 

The two downsides to this place and the reason I took off one star is because of how pricy this place is for the amount of food they give you and the fact that their bathroom had absolutely no lights. I literally couldn't see where I was or what I was doing the entire time I was in the stall. 

Overall if I have a lot or extra cash to spend then I will most definitely be back for the great service and especially another helping of the wagyu gyoza and spicy tuna hand roll.
So good, we went back TWICE in 7 days! 

The first time we went, we were a group of 17 who found a last minute reservation. The menu itself is fantastic, but their options for how to serve people are great too! For example, you can give them a price range, and they'll go over the dietary restrictions of the group, and put together an AMAZING family style meal. Definitely recommend doing it that way with large groups.

For our second time, we were a slightly smaller group, walk-in, of 11, who managed to get a table right away (another large group had just left, coincidentally, were friends of ours). Again, they offered the same setup, and we took it, but this time we had a few with dietary restrictions. They took those requests, and brought out all plates for family style. The vegetarians received their own personal entree catered to their requests as well, but we all shared starters and other bites.

They were attentive and fabulous! I definitely recommend EVERYTHING about them.
I came here with my boss and coworker during a business trip in Vegas. Boss was not a huge fish fan but agreed to go after I nudged him a bit about it. 

We ordered the sea bass, a couple of entrees and some appetizers. I can't remember exactly what they were but one of the appetizers (hamachi) was so freaking amazingly good. The sauce was spot on. I finished the fish but kept the sauce as a dip for future dishes. It was that good. The sea bass was also delicious and everyone at the table agreed on its excellency. 

Price wise, of course it's more pricey $$$ but worth the ambiance, service, and sushi.
The sushi was just marginal.  I've had much better sushi in Iowa.  It doesn't compare to San Francisco Sushi.  The prices were outrageous. The atmosphere wasn't great.  Very disappointing.
I'm such a sushi addict, and every time I come to Vegas I HAVE to eat here. The staff is amazing and service is impeccable. They have a variety of dishes and sake....how could you not get sake with your meal? 

My favorite menu items are the yellowtail sashimi and the rock shrimp tempura. The yellowtail comes with this amazing sauce, I can't even explain how good it is. The place is loud, but isn't that the point of being in Vegas? 

It's a perfect spot to go before hitting the clubs and casinos, you'll be sure to get full here ! 

Order the rock shrimp tempura. Thank me later !
A Brazilian-Peruvian-Japanese fusion restaurant that made me think that the whole "fusion" thing had gotten out of hand. But it was a great meal. The vibe is a little loud, but this is Vegas, so in context, it's not a serious issue. Our waiter seems like a really nice guy but a little slow. It was pretty full.

The wagyu beef was served with mushrooms and a ponzu sauce that was a tad strong. We had the more traditional of the ceviches on the menu and it was truly extraordinary. Sashimi was awesome and the dragon roll was good too. Dessert was the banana chocolate cake which is one step removed from heaven. 

Overall commendable, even at the steep LV strip price.
We came here for my sisters bachelorette party and it was wonderful. My sister can't eat gluten, dairy, or onions, and one girl in our group doesn't eat raw fish. When they offered to put together their own menu for us, accommodating all of these requests, I was skeptical. They totally came through! We all felt that we had a great meal and plenty of food and our waiter Kylie made sure to point out which foods my sister could and couldn't have so she didn't get sick.
Food is great and creative here. They have a very limited Nigiri and Sashimi selection, but it's all grade A fish. They seems to specialize more in these off the wall rolls that will get your taste buds going crazy. Service isn't bad, but our waiter seemed to be spread thin between the tables he had. Overall prices are a bit expensive. Average roll is $20 and that's for 3-4 pieces. Each nigiri sushi piece was $4-$6 and the Toro was $16 per piece. Yes I understand that sushi at this great quality can be found cheaper near your home, but let's face it, the rent on Las Vegas Blvd. isn't cheap!!
Fun fun! Took a large party here for dinner and it was delicious! I give it 3 stars because I felt like the servings were  skimpy on the Kobe beef and some of the sashimi- and they didn't do a great job placing the items ( like the hot stone to cook the Kobe beef) within reach of everyone on the table. For the prices ( I selected the 100 dollars a person option) I felt like there should have been better service in this area. Also some of the dishes to pass that had sauce on them ended up getting spilled on some of my guests and it was a little awkward having to wipe the melted butter off the shirt of the guy next to me. Maybe they need deeper dishes for those items to prevent this from happening. The fish was grade A and the sushi was fantastic. Everyone loved the food once it made it on their plates and it was different from any other sushi experience I have ever had. I'll be back!
Great Sushi and Sake Options. Sat at the Sushi bar though and I thought it was a little weird that we didn't order from there but that is non issue to me really. The ambience is ok, a little loud and hard to talk but that might just be the part of the restaur I was sitting in.
I would have to really try hard to find a place in Vegas that didn't serve good food. I'll have to try the one in NY but everything served was fantastic.
Japanese-Peruvian-Brazilian food. It works. the fusion food trend has been over for a while but this place is really fantastic. Unique food that works, is playful and delicious. this is a hidden gem that stands out from a lot of very good but cookie cutter Vegas experience like the overdone steakhouse.
The perfect date night spot!

Had a really cool modern ambiance. They had these videos from Asia playing on their TVs and we thought that was pretty interesting. The bathrooms were clean and very modern.
5/5

The hosts that greeted us at the door were all really clean, pretty and professional.
Particularly the short Asian girl with the long red hair.
5/5

Our waitress was nice, but she didn't explain the menu to us very well. She could have been a little more helpful because it was our first time there and the menu was a little complicated at first glance.
3/5

The food was seriously incredible!!

Started off with a mushroom appetizer, mushroom tobanyaki w/ kobe, which ended up being a lot larger than I had expected, but I wasn't complaining at all. I had an egg added to it, which was recommended by the host with the red hair.
We also got an order of a5 wagyu gyozas and kobe beef taquitos with sea foam sauce. The sauce was a really nice twist to a classic. All really amazing. 
5/5

The drink menu was really great. For date nights I like to try specialty cocktails instead of my usual whiskey. I ordered a mango mojito and my boyfriend had an old fashioned. The mojito was a little bit too sweet for my liking but wasn't bad.
4/5

The sushi was well made but I wasn't exactly blown out of the water and neither was my boyfriend. He and I are avid sushi eaters and we love complex rolls with a lot of flavors and textures to them. So the Lima roll and San Paulo roll were both just decent. We could have gone without them.
3/5

Our entrees were really what impressed us. My boyfriend had a Charrasco: Rio Grande  and he absolutely loved it. It was excellently paired with a variety of sauces. I'm not much of a red meat kind of eater but I had a small slice and was fairly impressed.
5/5

I had the large plate of chicken teriyaki. Wasn't crazy about it but I definitely finished the whole dish. It was a little small compared to my boyfriends main dish but it was okay with me since we ordered so many dishes.
4/5

Overall we had a really great date night here and would definitely come back for another one. Loved it
There are some incredible offerings here, but you have to read the menu closely.  

Service is not bad, but very substandard for Vegas and this cuisine. Expect kids who are distracted. 

The best thing here is the Yamato "roll" which is basically a tuna roll with foie gras and gold leaf on top. Amazing. I recommend you try it.
Every time I come here they take care of me. Thank you Jason for your hospitality. The food and service is superb.
This place is great if you're having a late-night sushi craving, closes around 2am on prime nights. All the rolls/dishes we ordered were decent/good but nothing to rave about or life changing. Kind of on the pricey side but that's a given in Vegas, especially in Palazzo/Venetian.
SUSHISAMBA fuses Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian flavors- peculiar, until you realize that Brazil is home to the largest Japanese population outside of Japan itself.

From edamame to plantains, wasabi to chiles, SUSHISAMBA is a true testament to the unique tastes created by immigration and integration and the balanced evolution of these flavors over the last 100 years. 

Having visited the Las Vegas location several times as well as the Miami one, SUSHISAMBA is high on my list of culinary experiences that delights time after time.

Among my favorites is Yamato roll, comprised of tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar, topped with gold leaf. At $19 for 3 pieces, you may have to take a sledgehammer to that piggy bank, but you probably won't regret it.  

Another outstanding roll is the Bobo Brazil, filled with avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, and chimichurri inside, layered with tender seared wagyu beef on the outside. Every bite melds into the tongue and disappears in a flurry of flavor.

I tried the Kanpanchi Tiradito on this last visit and didn't find it worth the $19. Drizzled in yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil, the 4 small slices of amberjack were acceptable but not exceptional.

On a final note, our waitress looked like a gorgeous supermodel, which worked out great in curbing my own appetite, thus making the meal more affordable. I already started a new piggy bank for next time.
This place is so much fun.  The atmosphere is hip, the music is energizing, and the menu is incredible!  The rock shrimp tempura appetizer is absolutely amazing, and I love they cover it in a black truffle vinaigrette.  For dinner we had sushi, and it was delicious!  The only downfall of the restaurant is that the tables are SUPER close together, so it is really loud in there and you have no privacy.  Hey, that's typical Las Vegas though!
The sushi is always great and the food always looks likes its ready for a sexy date "all dressed up"
Fantastic dining experience from beginning to end, we came at peak business hours, the hostess greeted us and asked if we would like to wait 15 minutes for a table or immediate seating available at the sushi bar (we opted for the latter). Host walked us to the bar (didn't just point and direct). When we sat down, immediately visited by our server to take our drink order and tell us about some specials. The food came fast, surprising us because it was peak hours!

Even more was when I tried to wave down our server to order an additional plate, she didn't see us, and the manager (young guy in a suit) came to us within seconds and asked what he could do, he took the order without hesitating (instead of just saying he will call the server over).

We had the spicy edamame, beef dumplings, Chilean sea bass, and samba split. ALL came out within minutes, presented beautifully (can check out the photos) and tasted even better than they looked!

Service was incredible. We asked for hot water with lemon, and even though I didn't touch mine, they replaced it with a fresh one when it became cold! WOW!

The atmosphere is fun, fits sushi perfectly.
Fantastic ambiance, quick service and food was delicious. The best one was the kobe beef roll, and octapus roll.
If you want the best sushi ever go here!!! The wagu on the hot stone a must order!! Everything was amazing!! Ate here 4 times in one week!! Loved everything!!
Updated:
Just want to clarify that the service is great! Which is why I gave two stars for the service, otherwise I would give it the lowest possible. 

Food sucks for the price. I've had waaaaaaaay better sushi in California. C'mon, I know it's the Palaazo but still... 

Disappointment.
Absolutely positively one of the best dinning experience I have had in Vegas in ... forever. The food is AMAZING and its comes out so damn fast. 

SUPER Big Props to the Manager Jason Pietrantoni- This guy is outstanding. Very friendly- has some great recommendations and is one of the reasons we will be coming back with a very large group. 

Do NOT mess with or listen to the negatives comments on here-- they don't know what they are talking about. This place is a notch above the rest.
Chilean sea bass is amazing!
Excellent!
Sushi Samba is the perfect place to grab some dinner and cocktails before heading out to a club, concert or show with your group of friends. It may be too loud for an intimate date unless you're going for lunch.

Our server was great but the hostesses were bitches. We arrived a little early to the podium with no greeting. Hey, smile and greet. That's pretty much your only job besides answering the phone and seating! We were not able to be seated until the scheduled reservation time so we sat at the bar to start off with some drinks while we waited. The food was good. We ordered the Wagyu beef gyoza, assorted sashimi and hamachi tacos. The sashimi is the new age fusion kind with the Yuzu sauces and  jalapeno topping so don't expect it to be in its pure naked form like traditional Japanese restaurants. Maybe they do also offer it in its pure form but we didn't order or expect it that way and the quality of the fish is mediocre so you may not want it that way anyway. 

I'll definitely be back!
We found this restaurant on yelp. It has a 4 star rating but it deserves 5 for sure. We had one of the best dinners we have ever had. The food is incomparable. Absolutely delicious! The sushi was so fresh and tasted clean. We also had two orders of the sea bass. One was not enough. Melt in your mouth heaven! We will be making a special trip to Vegas just to eat here again. The service was also outstanding.
I'm from Los Angeles, so I know sushi, and I grew up in New England, so I know lobster.

It's 1:30 in the morning and we're in Vegas.  We're hungry, and tired and just wanted a good meal.  We found this place on Yelp with good reviews and decided to check it out.

I ordered the lobster robata, which the waiter described as lobster cut in half, grilled, and finished with a sauce.  This sounded a lot like the way lobster is prepared in Mexico and I'm starting to see in other restaurants particularly in San Diego.  So I was excited to have it this way again.

What a disappointment - what came to me was only half a lobster, the size of which could not have been anywhere near a pound.  It was grilled well and the sauce was very tasty.  

But seriously, for $25?  If I spent that much back home on lobster, I'd have enough to feed my entire family and still have some left over.

My wife had the Lima, which was very good.  For sushi, it was not like what we get in LA, but it's worth noting that if I ever find myself here again, this may be what I order.

The ambiance looks like something out of Dr. Seuss on acid, but it was dark and cozy at the same time - it is an unusual setting.

The meal ended quickly as they were closing and, after several attempts by the waiter to get us to order more food and drinks, we were given our bill.  As I'm signing my credit card slip, I hear our waiter burst out in a confrontation with three foreign women seated several tables from us who apparently did not know or feel obligated to leave the waiter a gratuity.  The debate got louder, but mostly from the indignance from our waiter.  I'm not saying he was right or wrong - I just think there was a better way to handle that situation.
The meal was absolutely fabulous!  Our waitress Vanessa G knew the menu well and was able to help us order the unfamiliar cuisine.  Really, one of the best meals we have had in years...
We ordered yellowtail taquitos, Wagu Gyoza, Ishiyaki (5) and Anti sea bass... I would highly recommend! Might have to spend a little more but it's definitely worth it!
I also liked that the manager Allen came and talked to us and was interested in how the patrons felt.
Wonderful food!  This is my second time at this restaurant and the food is always perfect. We'll definitely be back!
This happening spot is the definition of Asian Fusion done right. The staff was quick and friendly. With a fellow diner who is allergic to both fish and sesame, the waitress was extremely accommodating. 

The fish was very fresh and the rolls were fun and creative. To our surprise, we very much enjoyed everything we ordered! I was very pleased with the order of steak which was cut very well. 

The trendy vibe and hip decor sets this place above the bar. Not to mention, the full bar they have, which is a hotspot for young adults staying at the Palazzo or the Venetian. 

With great food and a great vibe, this place is definitely one to recommend!
Why did you ask me to contact you if you weren't going to respond? 

#youretheworst
Can you say expensive? $5 for nigiri sushi seemed expensive. But that was for only one piece. That's ridiculous!!!

sushi was good, but I'll pass next time, thank you. Should be rated $$$$.
This is a cool, very lively restaurant in the canal shoppes between Palazzo and Venetian. The sushi was good, the wine was okay, the Seabass Miso is enough to bring bring me back again. That was seriously the best tasting seabass I've ever eaten.

We also had the Seaweed Salad, california rolls, and salmon/avocado rolls, along with some edamame. I love seaweed salad, but this one pretty much had ZERO taste. The rolls were good, although my husband complained that the rice was too sticky. 

One point I don't want to forget to make is about the service. I thought our server Phil was excellent. He was very knowledgable about my husband's need to eat gluten free and if he didn't know something, he did not guess like so many people do...he went to the chef and confirmed. Great job Phil!

While I'm not sure I'd return for another meal here, I would return for a pre-dinner app to eat that Seabass Miso. So worth it!
The best sushi I have ever had....hands down. You can't go wrong with any of the rolls but my favorite was "El Topo." The blue point oysters were outstanding as well.  The service was excellent. Can't wait to go back!
Sushi Samba is a delightful mix of well done sushi and arguably better done meat tapas.  The yellowtail sashimi came sitting in an out of this world jalapano sauce that I kept to dip almost everything in.  The lamb chops were perfectly cooked in an amazing slightly sweet sauce that my table loved so much, we ordered another round despite being mostly full.  Great concept of food fusion, thank you yelp for leading me here!
Christine is amazing sever, manger very nice provided complimentary scallops and food beyond amazing!  Lobster samba rolls, tempura vegetables, red miso mushroom soup, shashito peppers, cucumber martinis and samba split are amazing!
About 8 of us waltzed into the Venetian and headed straight for Sushi Samba. Right off the bat, the familiar names of food from my country (Peru) put a huge smile on my face. Anticuchos, Pisco Sours, Ceviches, tiraditos, rocoto.. I was so excited to incorporate my undying love for sushi along with staples from my country. 

I kept mum about being Peruvian but after ordering a Pisco sour and a cusquena for my colleague, the waiter quickly caught on. We did something unusual, and we let the waiter decide our feast for the evening.. and boy was it a feast fit for this pricness right here. 

I can't tell you how many rounds of food came.. but they were ALL heavenly. From the ceviches to the makis to the dumplings to the sashimi to the moon and back. It was absolutely wonderful. 

We have several Sushi Samba where I live in Miami.. but it's never the same eating there as it is in the Venetian in Las Vegas.. but then again, nothing is quite like Vegas.
Inventive sushi, great service, and decent cocktails.

Been here twice now and both times were solid. The food here is excellent and there are many dishes that I have never seen at a sushi restaurant before.

The atmosphere is great inside, but is in a more sleepy party of the complex (Palazzo is one of the quieter "big" resorts on the strip).

The cocktails could use some improvement. Given the price and the clientele, I think they need to bring in a mixologist to redo this section of the menu.

Last but certainly not least is the service. Vanessa G was extremely accommodating as our server. We came in towards the end of the night and she had a great attitude. Also, the manager Jason P. was awesome. He checked in on us a few times and went out of his way to make my GF's b-day special. Big fan of these two.
Probably the worst sushi spot I've ever been too. Place is extremely loud. Beyond belief. Waitress is trying to be a sales rep rather then actually help with the foods etc. 

The food portions were very small. Not my style of food but to each their own. 

Not sure what the hype is all about
This restaurant has excellent customer service. My reviews weren't originally fantastic regarding the food, but the staff has been very attentive and reached out to me to come back. 

Can't wait to try this place again!
Jimmy our waiter definitely took care of us. We were going to see Le Rev and time was of the essence. He asked what was price range for each person, there were 4 of us, and what we liked & disliked.  Then we just sat back and he brought out amazing dish after dish to us. We were not disappointed with any of his selections. 

The vibe & atmosphere was great and food amazing. Highly recommend this restaurant.
Fantastic food and great service. Had reservations on a Sunday night and all the staff members was very attentive to our table. Every dish we had was mouth watering. The tuna tataki was so delicious. The Sao Paulo roll is unlike any sushi I've tried - the blend of flavors and texture is so tasty. Even the drinks we had were very good. I'm looking forward to going back next time I'm in town.
Not impressed!  Went here for happy hour and it was empty (usually a bad sign)!  Our waitress/bartender was snooty and not very helpful.  I hate that because for us part of the experience of sitting at the bar is chatting with the bartender, but unfortunately that didn't happen here.  The happy hour appetizers were tiny and we calculated that each small bite we took cost about $3 which is probably normal for Vegas, but we had found other wonderful happy hours that were a much better deal and a lot more fun.  I really wanted to like this place because the menu looked interesting and it had great reviews, but will not be returning.
Excellent food. Sashimi was superb. Ate with kids and they were very accommodating and adjusted spiciness if the food for children. Excellent service
Had the most delicious meal at Sushi Samba this weekend! The waitress suggested we do the sampler / tasting option. We set a price point and told her our likes and dislikes...and from then on it was nonstop deliciousness! We truly liked everything that was brought out. For 4 girls, we set a price point of $50 per person and were beyond full by the end of the meal. Next time I would probably do less sushi rolls and more of the other goodies on the menu. Will definitely be back!
We were really disappointed in this place.  

I made a rez for the first night my girls and I were in town. The service was spotty and the sushi was meh.  

That's all I really have or want to say.  Pass and go somewhere else.  Especially if you're looking for good sushi - find another spot.
DO NOT EAT HERE! FOUR of us in our group got FOOD POISONING!!! Completely awful food too! Should be paying for my ER bill as well. Go eat at RA Sushi in Vegas on thecstrip instead, much better place.
We decided to go to SUSHISAMBA our last night in Vegas because we were really wanting to go to a nice sushi place and I read really good reviews. If I went back to Vegas I would not go here again.  Very loud and we were stuffed onto a tiny table where it felt like we were sitting at the same table as the people on each side of us.  Our server was not that polite and kind of pushy with things and very rude and snappy to the bus boys. The sushi was good but no where close to the best we've had. I understand prices in Vegas and especially certain hotels but for the portions and quality I would not go there and pay those prices again. Pretty disappointed overall.
Pain in the Tanis!  We ate here a few nights ago and absolutely hated it, mostly thanks to our terrible server, Tanis.  She refused to bring us any menus and assured us she would customize a meal for us that we would love... I left hungry.  There were 6 of us total, 2 of us don't eat any fish.  We told her that in the beginning when she was refusing to bring out menus.  For our second course, she brought out raw fish for the fish eaters and cooked fish for the non fish eaters... wtf?  I waited around 15 minutes for her to come by again so I could get something different to eat.  When I was finally able to flag her down, I asked if the two non fish eaters could get something non fish, to which she replied, "I brought out two extra fish dishes for everyone else.  There's nothing you can eat for this round."  That's obviously terrible customer service.  She could've brought us out another two mediocre kobe mini tacos like she brought for us the first round, but she obviously doesn't care about her customers experience in her restaurant.  I had also ordered a drink from her which I suspect she intentionally forgot since she knew I was upset with her, it was her way of getting back at me.  When I complained about it to my friend she conveniently was able to hear me that time and asked, "Was there something about another drink?"  I told her I didn't want anymore drinks from her because I was not going to play her little immature, power games.  So instead I left the restaurant and walked to a nearby bar, came back to the restaurant and finished my drink there so that she wouldn't get anymore of my money.  Tanis is the worst waitress I have every come across in my entire life, and that's just after a trip to London, the city of zero customer service.  If Tanis doesn't like serving people, maybe she should look for a new job?  Thanks for the memories Tanis, I can't wait for you to see this!  :)
I have been to Sushi Samba 3 times now and every time I am blown away.  I love their service and their food - the kids' bento box lunch is an adult-sized portion and the kids gobble up every last morsel.

I can't think of a better combination than Japanese food and grilled meat - the best of both worlds!
I didn't know what to expect with Japanese/Brazilian fusion, but this place exceeded my expectations. We tried a mixture of classic sushi, miso soup and some fusion dishes. The sushi was exceptionally fresh with unique presentation. 

Fusion dishes to try: 
El Topo (roll), which had salmon, jalapeo, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzerella, crispy onion. It sounds absurd and it was just that... absurdly delicious. 

Carnaval (roll)- shrimp, avocado, yellowtail, soy paper. This one wasn't as good as El Topo, but still offered a cool twist on a typical Japanese favorite.

Miso soup - it was a great miso but with added cilantro to lend to the Brazilian side of the restaurant. Amazing twist!

Wagyu gyoza - kabocha pure and su-shoyu dipping sauce made this sweet, tangy, and a little spicy. We ended up ordered another batch after downing the first order in 30 seconds. So good!

We also ordered some Robata items, which were great, but paled in comparison to the fusion dishes and the sushi items. This place is absolutely worth a stop! Also, the price is right. We ordered a ton of food for 5 people and the bill was reasonable!
I am so glad we had the chance to dine at Sushisamba our last night in Vegas! Our waiter Michael was fantastic and made the entire experience that much more memorable. We literally loved everything we ordered. Be sure to make a reservation because it gets very busy, and if you're celebrating anything let the hostess know. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and they gave us a free small dessert.

Small plates:
Wagyu Beef Goyza - do not miss this! It was incredible - every table around us had also ordered it and we were in unanimous agreement.

Yellowtail Crispy Taquitos - light & delicious with an Asian dressing on the greens.

Robata:
Ribeye - it's described as spicy but it's not, just has subtle spic flavoring and was very tender.

Sea Bass - Phenomenal. There's a reason it's the most popular thing on the menu. Melts in your mouth with an amazing miso glaze.

Samba Rolls:
Neo Tokyo: Similar to a spicy tuna roll flavor but with tuna both inside and on top of the roll. Fresh and great flavor.

Dessert: 
Fried doughnuts with cream dipping sauce - oh my goodness, sooo good. Not a light dessert (fried dough) but ah-ma-zing.

Since we were celebrating our wedding anniversary, they gave us a free small dessert of green tea ice cream pops dipped in chocolate with pop candy crust, which was cool and refreshing.

We will definitely be back on our next trip!
Had another great experience here- Sushisamba is a must on every trip to Vegas for us.  Even though we've been there before, it was so much fun to give our preferences and budget to our server and let her surprise us.  Tanice, our server, was so knowledgeable and personable and made us feel like the only table in the restaurant.  Definitely request Tanice for your next visit, you'll be so glad you did!

Everyone we encountered seemed to take pride in their work and genuinely care about our dining experience.  We had made our reservation in-person the night before and the hostess remembered us.  Then, the manager came to our table to pour our wine and personally thank us for visiting again.  The expediters who brought food to our table knew that Tanice had created the menu, so they took time to describe each dish to us since we didn't know what had been ordered.

Thank you, and we will definitely be back soon!
Came here with my gf and my cousin and his wife. He won big gambling so he said it was his treat. Bad move cousin. We were eating kobe beef and ordering up expensive sakes. It was great. I got wasted. I inhaled some ramen at the end of the meal. Great times.
Little expensive for what you get.  Food was really good but I found myself spending quite more than I expected too for lunch.

As a plus side, they claim the Krab is Crab in a California roll, 

Food was tasty, just a bit higher priced than I would like.
So let me start by saying we went for happy hour, when seated at our table we asked about happy hour but had to sit somewhere else, bar or "lounge" we sat in the lounge. Ok, that is not a lounge. It's a waiting area with a few small tables and I felt awkward sitting there to eat, but whatever we came for the food, I let it go. Mojito is awesome. Recommend it. We ordered a small order of oysters (just two $5 each) to me that seems a bit extreme as I have gone places where I can get a half or a dozen for a better price. But they were really good and presented nicely. Food was good, our first order came out pretty fast. Our waitress was working the bar as well, so after out first order finished, we waited about 10-15 minutes for her to come back, she was busy, I was trying to be patient. Only thing that saved it is she was very very sweet and remembered our large orders with no second guessing it. Food was good, just seemed pricy for such a small quantity. I love my yellowtail and jalapeo, get it everytime I go for sushi, there plate only had two pieces, when usually I'm served a lot more pieces. Again, very good. But it left me wanting more cause there was so little.
"Professor in the Mist"

Pretty brown legs moved her quickly about the room, her tight black skirt barely hiding what lay beneath. Eyewear gave her a professorial look, high heels a come hither look. Yet it was the direct and patient manner in which she explained the menu items to my father that sealed her as the total package for me. I wish I remembered this fine creature's name but, alas, I was much too smitten to remember such a detail.

Dad ordered his usual Scotch and Mom and I opted for plain water. As we looked over the fare--a Japanese/South American type blend--I kept stealing looks at The Professor. She caught me a few times but neither of us cared. Both of us smiled, in fact. It was an old game played by many throughout time, usually with far more success than ever attained by yours truly. That aside, the dining room was darkly lit, with a sushi bar in back and bar in front. A raucous group of tuxedo wearing party boys were slamming shots on the stools but eventually simmered down. Perhaps one of the uber hawt barmaids had mentioned their over exuberance and they'd relented.

Anyway, after smooth as silk tutoring from The Professor my dad finally settled on sea bass(miso) and Peruvian corn with a side of roasted vegetables. Mom went with a single samba roll which contained Maine lobster, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper and peanut curry. And as for me, I wasn't in the mood for seafood so I asked for chicken teriyaki(samba style) with purple mashed potatoes. 

The verdict?

Perhaps everything was fine. I never really know when with my parents. Their company is somewhat like being immersed in fine mist after a few drinks. You can sort of see and understand what's going on, but not very clearly, which means you occasionally misread what's actually occurring. To wit: Dad liked his fish(but he picked the restaurant so he would have liked whatever slop they put in front of him). Mom said her lobster roll was good(but she never says negative things until years after the fact. Kind of like her own statute of limitations if you will). And me? I always kind of defer to their mindset when in their company so I think my chicken and potatoes were good, although for something touted on the menu as a Large Plate I wish there had been more bird and buds.

Eventually The Professor laid our check on the table, and Dad swiped it up before I could, although I must confess it was a lame and slow attempt on the part of my right hand. He gave his usual 15% tip and we departed Sushisamba--which by the way is located off the shopping section of The Palazzo Hotel/Casino. 

I guess we might have had a nice time there(I can't really be sure) but this much I do know: Mist or no mist, The Professor in high heels forever has my heart in her grasp....
You can't go wrong with their appetizer and small dishes here. We particularly like rock shrimp tempura (crispy outside and extra soft inside!!), tuna tataki, agedashi tofu!

We ordered the popular miso sea bass large plate, but we think it was ok not that special. 

We really don't like japanese wagyu tobanyaki 2oz because they use coconut cream which makes everything way too creamy and heavy. I don't think coconut flavor go well with the meat too. 

However, their dessert is awesome! We LOVE their Peruvian chocolate cherry custard!! Don't let the name fools you. It may sounds like nothing special but they have a special way to make it special. They somehow use chocolate crumble to mix with chocolate pudding and vanilla ice cream and cherry sauce is perfect combination!!!! Would come back here again for the dessert itself.
Definately one of my favorite spots to eat when I come to Vegas! I would NOT trade this restaurant for anything!!! Service is incredible, everything here is delicious, my favorite is the Peruvian corn with Sea Bass appetizer and Sushi!!! A little pricy but you definately get what you pay for!!!
This place is overrated. The sushi is just okay.
My friends and I went to Sushisamba to celebrate a bachelorette party. We were very excited to try this place since it had been recommended by several friends. We arrived promptly at our reservation time and were seated immediately. However, after 15-20 minutes, no waiter came by to introduce themselves or get our drink order. Long story short, several managers came over to apologize, brought over a round of drinks and dessert, and made sure our every need was looked after. Our waiter, Mike D, was extremely friendly and helpful too. Some of the girls in the group had special dietary needs. He made this a priority and ensured all the food came out properly. Also, some of the girls in the group did the tasting menu and Mike D picked out some amazing dishes! I would definitely recommend doing the tasting menu since you get a sampling of so many different items. Overall, Sushisamba had amazing food and service and really made it a memorable experience for our whole party. We would definitely go back again! Thanks Mike D!!
Expensive for sushi since the rolls are $25 and they are pretty tiny. Yet, the impeccable taste always has me coming back. The tuna sashimi with apple is a must along with the A5 pot stickers. I had a bunch of rolls and the sea bass skewers. I'm sure I had more but I just can't remember right now. Everything is pretty good. This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. $150 for 2 without any drinks.
It is very difficult for me to express how amazing my dining experience was at Samba Sushi. The waitress was super fun and helpful. We went there with the hopes of experiencing a "one of a kind" dining experience and we had just that. Our waitress (can't remember her name because it is Japanese) was really wonderful we told her to bring us some exciting options. She guided us through the menu and helped us choose some great options. We had a fifteen piece Chef's choice that included mini crabs, foie gras, caviar, oysters, and some other types of fish. Absolutely delightful. It was the perfect blend of tasty and adventurous. After the first plate we began to get very intrigued about the food and decided to order a selection of sashimi dishes which was also phenomenal. I have never tasted such amazing fish in my life. Having spent nearly $180 dollars on a meal for two, I was more than satisfied. We'll worth the wait and the price. I can't wait to eat here again in the future!
I have been dining at Sushi Samba since it opened the doors in Las Vegas.

The food, servers, and overall experience of this Restaurant is "Impeccable".

We usually ask our server to order our food items for us at a minimum spend of

$50-70 dollars.  We have never been disappointed.  

Make sure you order the Sea Bass, and Kobi Beef Taco's.  If you are really in the mood 

to have your pallet infused with flavour order  5oz"s of the Kobi Beef.  

For drinks  a must have is the Mojito's.  

Enjoy!
Chilean sea bass.  Amazing.  Green envy roll.  Amazing!  Little fish tacos with onion foam- not on the menu- fantastic!  this is always first on the menu list when we come to Las Vegas!
I came here with a group of friends last weekend. The restaurant itself was pretty cool, but the sushi wasn't the greatest. It's definitely expensive, and I've had WAY better sushi at restaurants that are a third of the price. 

When we were there, they were having karaoke night. No one even got up to sing, and some employee was circling the restaurant trying to get people to sing. 

The cocktails were good, but very expensive. I paid $14 for a cocktail that was maybe 5 ounces.
I came here with my friends a little late night. The hostess wasn't the friendliest person in the world. Long dark hair, boots.  We sat in a booth and weren't greeted right away. Waited at least 10 minutes for a greeting or a waiter. Before we even got water the manager Jason personally took our drink order and recommended his personal favorite menu items. It was nice of him considering our initial experience. Our waitress who I choose to keep anonymous was never as attentive.
Food is great.  High end sushi.  Josh the mgr hooked us up with a few apps on the house.  Bad part:  Our server was terrible. Christy or something like that.  She needs to go work at Denny's with an attitude like that.  Won't be going back.
Our foody friends really like this place so two weeks ago we decided to make a visit before seeing book of moron. Early Saturday evening and we pull up to an empty bar, grab two seats and wait and wait until the bartender gal comes over. Get menus and again wait to put in drink orders.  Asked her a couple questions about the portion sizes and got a useless response. So anyways we order a couple of Tapas,  and like 20 minutes later- our filet ordered Medium rare shows up sliced and medium well ! Really like we weren't going to notice ? Sent that back, waiting another 15 minutes for its replacement which was very tasty. Our other Tapa was an eggplant dish the size of toothpicks, again tasty but crazy $$ considering that a whole eggplant is like $2- So long story short we ran out of time to experiment with any other dishes and had to run to the show on basically an empty stomach after dropping $70- What a joke..
Everytime I stay at the Palazzo, I must eat at Sushi Samba.  Although it's definitely on the pricier side, it's really worth the money.  And hey, you're in Vegas, and you can't be cheap in Vegas.  When ordering, you have two options: order off the preset menu or let the chefs create a sampling for you at the price you want.  Because this restaurant is a fusion of mainly Japanese and Brazilian, they have many different chefs creating many different things.  Although I tried both, I prefer choosing from the preset menu. This way I don't get something I don't particularly enjoy.  

Out of what I've tried so far, my favorites are the So Paulo roll, the sea bass antichucho, and the garlic butter scallops.  The So Paulo roll is a wonderful combination of scallops, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, shrimp, red onion, masago, avocado, truffle (!!!), and chive oil.  The sea bass has a miso glaze and comes with Peruvian corn.  The scallops are a bit more special because they aren't on the menu.  But they're basically their Peruvian bay scallop on a half shell, smothered in this delicious garlicky butter reduction.  Can't wait to come back and try some other things on the menu!
I should mention the one star rating is primarily based on two factors:

1- the Kumamoto oysters they served were bad.  Like old and spoiled bad.  It took half the remainder of my dinner to get the taste out of my mouth from one of them.
2 - No Brazilian beer.   I ordered a Brazilian lager and 10 minutes later was told they were out of it.  I then ordered a South American Pilsner and they were out of that.  I then decided not to drink.  After mentioning the oyster quality to our server, the manager asked what they could do.  Well, they found that Pilsner they were out of.

The sushi was decent, but not exceptional. The Brazilian fish stew was rather boring, the coconut rice, beans and quinoa about average and the grilled eggplant not so good.  I was hoping for the eggplant that Sensei can deliver.

Tables are very small for the larger number of dishes and it's extremely loud.

I guess I shouldn't have expected much from a Brazilian-Peruvian-Japanese fusion.  I haven't been to Peru, but feel that Brazilian cuisine is about as good as  English food.

Perhaps I would have liked their Wagyu beef, but at $32/oz. and the seeming lack of kitchen talent, I decided not to try it.
Are you staying at the Palazzo? Scratch that, are you staying in VEGAS ? Wait no--- Do you live in NEVADA ???  This place is a MUST. I've been 3 times now and cant wait to go back. Is it a little expensive? maybe, but  you're in Vegas... Listen this place has it all-- The staff is amazing. They go above and beyond here- you get what you pay for- they are fast with the food- the drinks are AWESOME. HUGE Props to the restaurant manager Jason. Very professional- checked in on us often and even made some recommendations that were jaw dropping. I understand that this is what a normal place should be like but coming from the industry myself- many places aren't. The music was upbeat- the bartenders were having a great time with their customers at the bar-- All in All, I love this place. I cant stay in Vegas and NOT come here. Ask for Ryan as your server- Tell Jason that I sent you :) 

Thank you Jason and Ryan for the great time- another amazing Vegas trip with our friends and good memories to last as long as we can remember.
Been to Sushi Samba Las Vegas a few times in the past couple years. About a year ago brought a group of clients there and the service and total experience was horrible !! The waiter left halfway through the meal and the staff totally forgot about us . I swore I would never go back . Returned to Vegas back in May . The clients wanted sushi. I figured the service was ok before that experience give it one more try. Then I met Vanessa Gonzalez . Im a designer and bring clients all over the country for dinners . This dinner was one of the best I've had . She was phenomenal !! Her recommendations were top notch . The service was unreal ! We loved the whole experience so much we returned a month later and was even happier. I asked for her of course and she outdid herself .  She is the reason i will be a frequent customer at this restaurant .
This place is one in a million! From start to finish the service is excellent! The food was to die for! It was my second time back and my husbands first time! The restaurant manager Allen Holmes brought us out a welcome back dish, they were these amazing seasoned and cooked scallops! To die for! Our waitress Stacey was a doll!  I will absolutely be back every time I'm in Vegas!!!
Before our night out on the town, we needed to fuel ourselves with some yummy food. To take the guess work out of trying to figure out what everyone wants, we went ahead with the $50 Omakase dinner.

Our waiter went around the table & asked all 8 of us our likes & dislikes so the chef can come up with our own custom menu. My favorite dishes of the night were the Grilled sea bass skewer & the A5 Kobe gyoza. To show the attentiveness of the restaurant: 1 of our friends cannot eat spicy food so she got her very own portion of filet mignon instead of the spicy beef skewers.

In additional to the delicious food & great service, we also got a round of pia colada & our bride-to-be got a beautiful chocolate dessert.

We had a wonderful dinner followed by a fun night of show watching, dancing, & boozing. Whether you are with a big group or only with a few good friends, this is a great place for a delicious & creative meal.
Really amazing place. My friends and I went there for lunch randomly (I wanted to watch a world cup game) and we were pleasantly surprised. Friendly service, reasonable prices, and the food was fresh and delicious. I got the brazilian feijoada dish (basically black beans, meat, and rice) and it was filling and tasty. We liked it so much we returned for dinner the same evening! Highly recommend.
Great food, small selection for me as I don't like to "fishy" sushi. I'm more interested in rolls, but I guess you can ask the chef to make what you need. Just not on the menu. 

Overall, it was great and there was hardly ever a line.
Love... love... love... this place! Definitely a place to try! Let them choose your food!
I'm giving 5 stars because the sushi was fantastic, and the dishes were creative and inspired. Love the Brazilian fusion. Tried two kinds of sashimi ceviche, both delicious. Scallops were amazing. Had some salmon and yellowtail sashimi that was fresh and perfect. And, a special take on a spicy tuna roll that was unbelievable. The service was fine. Not thrilling, but perfectly serviceable.
Call me crazy, but sushi in Bellagio Buffet are much better. Service and design were cool. Food so-so.
out of this world - Japanese Wagyu & So Paulo ... So so so so good
. So so so so good
Will definitely be back.

Nobu at Caesars is terrible.
Love this place!! The atmosphere is amazing and the food is gorgeous.  The sushi mixes are pretty unusual but really good and fun to taste.  The presentation is always very detail oriented.  Definitely a fun place to go with a group.  My only complaint is that it can be very loud.
I love this place! The food here is amazing and the service is always top notch!
Great fusion of sushi and Brazilian food.
With a mix of Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese, we had no idea what to order. Our friendly server recommended doing a Chef's tasting, which could be anywhere from $45-$200 per person. We just did $50, and got a mix of tacos, dumplings, tempura, and sushi. Everything was superb! I had no idea that there are different locations across the country, and I will definitely seek it out next time I am in a city with a Sushisamba!
We came to Sushisamba for my birthday dinner a few days ago and I was blown away by the food! It definitely exceeded expectations.

The menu was so overwhelming we didn't know where to even begin and while our waiter didn't really help us narrow things down, he did make some good suggestions and helped us pace out the meal so we can order as we go. He came with the manager, who was very nice and gave us birthday shots, and also asked that we let him know if he could do anything. 

Here's what we started with: shishito peppers combo (grilled shishito peppers, tempura string beans with a truffle aioli, and edamame), rock shrimp tempura in a spicy mayo sauce, beef gyoza, and crispy scallop lettuce wraps. The peppers were a good surprise of the night because I didn't expect it to come with the string beans and edamame, but I definitely appreciated the greens in Vegas! The rock shrimp tempura was really tasty, but I wish it was a little crunchier when it came out. They tasted a bit soggy as if they were sitting in sauce for too long, but no complaints because the flavor was still there. The beef gyoza was good, but nothing really mind-blowing in my opinion. The crispy scallop lettuce wrap was phenomenal. Our waiter said it was a new item on the menu and suggested we try it and it really blew us all out of the water. 

We followed up the first round with the robata - we got the pork belly, rib eye, sea bass, and duck. All of them were so good, so make sure you pay a visit to the robata section when you visit! The duck and the rib eye to me stood out more than the others - they were cooked very well and had a good mix of unique flavors.

We finished off dessert with their 4th of July special (red velvet cheesecake, frozen blueberries, and white chocolate ice cream) and sadly we were underwhelmed with what came out. I think we were so blown away by the entire meal, we felt like dessert was going to continue the streak, but were left wanting a bit more. Either way, we were so stuffed it didn't matter and the dessert didn't take away from how much we liked the meal itself.

What really set this over the edge is that the chef came out to shake our hands and chat with us really quickly, which I really appreciated! The service was great, the recommendations were on par, and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend this spot for a special occasion - go ahead and gorge!!
Sushisamba was REALLY good! Ask for Ryan, he took car of us. We were told by the hostess Vanessa to let him know how much we wanted to spend per head for food. we said $50.00 since there was two of us. He brought us out a rainbow of food magic! There was a party in our mouths. Flavor Flave! Our bill was a lil over a 100.00 without drinks. We will definitely return! VEGAS BABY! VEEEEGAS!!!

ASIAN BRAZILIAN FUSION!
Cheers!
Amazing! Great food, great atmosphere, great service & staff, great selection! 

We made a reservation on Tuesday night, got there 15 min early and was seated right away with no issues. My biggest compliment is to our server Vanessa...she was extremely knowledgeable about the menu! I couldn't decide between a few things on the menu as separate dishes and she suggested to put two of them together into one dish and promised it would be incredible. AND IT WAS! I ordered the filet mignon and she paired that into the mushroom tobanyaki and the poached egg was over the filet, it was a dynamite dish!
You must eat here if you're in town. A-mazing food and service. You will not be disappointed.
I've had way better sushi, nothing impressive.  This is nothing compare to Ozumo's in SF. 

The wait staff is very impatient, they kept cleaning the table before we even got our bill.  I can understand if I told them I wanted dessert, and this is why they are cleaning my table. 

I don't think the ambience is worth the price at all. 

If you really enjoy sushi please do not waste your money and come here.
This is a review of their happy hour (4-7pm and 11pm until close).

The Skinny: spent $50+ on sub par Peruvian influenced Japanese food (2.5), service: was slow when we wanted to leave (3) value: seeing as there was only 1 dish out of 8 that we would get again, we won't likely be back (3).

We were excited to see that they had a happy hour menu while meandering through the Venetian properties. We thought great! If the food is good during happy hour, we'll come back another time and try their other regularly priced dishes. 

So we ordered 8 out of 10 ($6)items on their happy hour menu. Of the 8, we'd probably get only 1 item again. The rest was pretty mediocre considering how much they charge for each dish and the level of cuisine.

We should have known. I mean when the first dish - Yellowtail tiradito - came out, I knew it wasn't going to be good. The thinly sliced 2 pieces of yellowtail were drowning in a pepper sauce. I really couldn't taste the flavor of the fish at all. Definitely not well balanced. 

Wagyu gyoza (3 pieces) with kabocha puree was okay. Although the beef had a wonderful smokiness to it, the gyoza were disappointingly undersalted even after dunking in a good amount of soy sauce. The kabocha squash was relatively flavorless which surprised me after reading reviews about this dish.

Chicken anticuchos (2 skewers)were not bad although they weren't particularly memorable either. The meat, slightly grilled/charred, was not crispy enough texturally although it was adequately seasoned.

Eggplant anticuchos with a side of Peruvian corn was okay. I dug the slightly herbaceous kick of the chiffonated mint or basil, cutting the sweetness of the soy based sauce. However the eggplant was a tinge on the tougher side and needed to be roasted with more oil to give it a better texture.  The Peruvian corn is definitely not one of my favorite foods. Potato-like in taste and texture, the chef was able to infuse some acidity to make it more flavorful. It was more palatable with the hit of citrus but still, nothing I needed to try again.

The sushi (Veggie kun - kind of like futomaki, Ezo roll - meager amounts of salmon/asparagus with a ton of panko breadcrumbs mixed in = bad mouth feel, and spicy tuna - acceptable but nothing exciting) was the most lackluster portion of our meal. Considering rice composes about 50% of sushi, it was highly disappointing to find it overly mushy and over seasoned. It kind of ruined it for me. Factor in the high rice to filling ratio, I cannot recommend any sushi dish made here. This is rather unfortunate because sushi comprises at least a significant portion of the menu.

The only highlight of the meal was the salt and pepper squid. Melt-in-your-mouth tender pieces of squid with a delicate batter, this was the one dish that the hubs and I truly enjoyed.

Food service was surprisingly and perhaps questionably prompt. There was a small gap in service with our last dish but it wasn't too bad. It was unfortunate that the bar service was slower than expected and easily overwhelmed. After our meal, we just wanted to get the check processed and go. However, a loud obnoxious group of women (aka the skanky looking anti-MILFs who obviously collected club wristbands) completely commandeered her attention with to go orders. The two other bartenders were milling around but did not help her. So the hubs had to endure some random, potentially contagious woman's behind rubbing against his left leg while she took orders from other groups of people. He was highly grumpy after being mauled and ignored.

In reality, this joint rates about a 2.5 however I rounded up to a three based on the fact that there was 1 dish which was truly outstanding. However, given our experience, we are not likely to return. 3 starred review.
This restaurant gets very high marks.

Let's talk about the food- everything on the menu is delicious. The different ethnic combinations is what sets this place apart. The flavor the variety, and a must Chilean sea bass skewers.

The service- always smiling very friendly. The management comes over to give our party a complimentary app for being returned guests. They really know how to make you feel welcome and special. Everyone from the manager, bar tenders, greeters, servers, and bussing staff conduct themselves in a highly professional manner.

If you are in vegas you have to stop here, try and do small plates and try all different things on this wonderful menu.

This is the kind of restaurant where you would say to yourself aft spending a few hundred on a nice meal it was worth it.
Overpriced sushi. I wouldn't be fooled by the numerous reviews. Food was okay. If you order an appetizer, make sure to order the fried tiger shrimp! It was great. Avoid the overpriced side orders such as the Quinoa side order. It was recommended as an alternative/similar item to fried rice. Far from it! Staff was great on the other hand.
When staying at the Palazzo, this delicious restaurant is only a hop and a skip away.

Located in the restaurant row connected to the Palazzo, this place is a delicious fusion of Japanese, Brazilian, Perivian and all things heavenly.  It's hard to believe I have not yet written a review, although technical I am an"regular" here!  This is my most frequently visited restaurant  when staying at the palazzo.  There are so many reasons why we Iove coming here, and here are just a few of the reasons why:

I. FOOD
A. hamachi Kama!  Love this dish, it's my go-to dish for dinner.  Nicely grilled dish collar bone (Asians have a belief that the more movement in the muscle, the tastier the meat.  Fish collar bones are delicious because they are constantly blowing bubbles ;)

B. Robata (Japanese style charcoal BBQ)--anything cooked on that is good, from the mushrooms to the squid and the steaks...you can't go wrong! 

C. The drinks! Everything from the caipirinhas (classic & Acai) to the Prosecco flavored with elderflower liqueur and lychee pure--the bartenders here set a high standard unmatched by many. If you have a choice get your drink made by Yaz.  His drinks are golden--I will happily drink anything he makes.

SERVICE
The manager (Jeremy) recognizes us whenever we are there and we love that!  

One waitress in particular, Tanice, makes us feel extra special because after meeting our family once she remembers us!  Even if she is not waiting on our table she comes by to say hello.  How superb is that? The service is one of the many reasons why we tell everyone about this restaurant and also keep on coming back!

We shall be back! :)
An incredibly classy restaurant. Went here to celebrate a birthday, and it was a top class experience. 

Go for the $50 suggested menu and add a drink. Then get ready for a delicious evening. Great ambiance, incredible service, and delicious food. My favorite restaurant of the year.

Carmine is an incredible waiter as well!
BEST SUSHI!! Wait staff was very nice, fast and down to earth. The seating was comfortable and looked great. The two drinks I had were delicious and flavorful. Sushi was delicious and there was a large amount of options to choose from. My boyfriend doesn't like seafood but there were non-seafood meat plates that he ate and loved. We're definitely coming back next time were in Vegas!
I came for a bachelorette party last week on Friday night around 11pm. My review is probably (ok definitely) biased because I was in such a bad mood at having to wait until 11pm to eat dinner. However, as you might imagine, 5 girls using one bathroom getting ready to go out in Vegas is a production equal to Cirque de Solei that takes upward of 3 hours. But whatever we finally made it after a 15 minute, mile long cab ride down the strip from the Cosmo to the Palazzo hotel.  The restaurant was super dark (why don't they turn some lights on?) with huge TVs which were super loud. Per the usual at many "sceney" type restaurants you could barely here the people across the table from you. 

We got seated no problem as the restaurant was dead except for two or three big groups getting wasted in booths and a few lonely looking stragglers at the bar. Our server was friendly but seemed to constantly be in a rush, although to go where I do not know. There seemed to be a ton of bus boys but very few wait staff. He could probably sense our frustration so he promptly brought out a wrought iron tree full of pink drinks. Whether or not they had liquor was the only question (Answer: not enough.) So we got a range of drinks, the best of which was a cucumber lime martini with vodka. After the night's beginning, I opted with straight vodka and diet coke.

For food we got a lot. Some  memorable dishes were the Neo Tokyo roll with tuna which was solid, heirloom tomato salad with sweet cilantro dressing, rock shrimp tempura, mushroom tobanyaki, and sweet coconut rice side. My fave dish of all was the heirloom tomato salad which was pricey but enough to share between 3 people. The rock shrimp was good but cliched, same as you would get anywhere else. The mushroom tobanyaki was interesting but not to my taste.  Sadly we did not get dessert. 
In conclusion, I can definitely say i hope I will never be back with another bachelorette party, although I would not mind returning otherwise.
The ambiance is great and food is good. At times when try are busy they run very slow and not as organized.
My dining experience fell short of my expectations considering what we ate (or shall I say what we didn't eat) compared to what we paid. There were 21 of us for dinner and we had the chef's selection, also known as omakase. Typically, you would get the most innovative dishes ordering this style.  However, we were served typical menu items.  I think it was just a strategic way for them to serve a larger group without having to cater to individual orders. 

The Good was that most of the items we tasted were pretty good. The Bad was that we weren't given enough food to taste everything, even though we were all charged the same price.  

Instead, we shared each plate of food between 5-7 people, which included the following: 
(1) Tuna tataki: only got to try it because someone didn't eat raw fish. 
(2) Wagyu beef dumplings: Not enough brought out so I never got to try it. 
(3) Mini yellow tail tacos:  I liked the spicy foam which added a nice kick to the citrus-ey flavors of the dish. 
(4) Crab tempura: How ridiculous is it that there were only several pieces to each order so the hubs and I had to share one bite of one piece? This wouldn't even qualify as an amuse-bouche. 
(5) Sea bass and shrimp skewers: Again, not enough so most of us shared skewers. 
(6) Steak and mushroom stew: Everyone got 1-2 thin slices of beef, which was tender and flavorful. 
(7) Sushi rolls/sashimi: the sushi rolls were the most generous items served (about 5 cut rolls) but IMO were rather underwhelming. The sashimi, on the other hand, was delicious and fresh. We were given about 3 slices each of yellowtail, tuna, and salmon which I easily could have eaten by myself.

I felt bad for the hubs because he was still hungry and asked what was being served next, only to be told that it was just dessert followed by a $2500 bill ($240 per couple). 

Yes, our server was pleasant and friendly. Yes, the food was quite tasty.  And, yes, they need to recalculate the amount of food for groups ordering from the chef's selection. Sure, I expected to pay a lot for this kind of meal, but what I didn't expect was to leave unsatisfied and wanting for more.
The new Chinese restaurant in the Palazzo, this place drew us in because of the promises of pho with filet mignon, and congee, and just good old asian food.  However the 5 of us racked up a $200 lunch bill, the service has alot of catching up to do.  Our waitress forgot to bring us tea, hot mustard,...hmm maybe shes new.  BUT waiting over 30 mins for some PHO? i mean seriously, thats retarded.  I think Red 8 at the Wynn is much better than this place.  Filet mignon in the Pho does nothing for pho, the taste was just bleh, had to wait 10 mins for some siracha(rooster sauce) just not happening.  Well, ill come back regardless, and give them another chance, in all fairness they just opened.  Hope by next time they have finished the training!

**EDIT**after my first initial visit, i have revisited Jade, and i have to say BRAVO! The service has definitely made a huge improvement, and the food was great!
I have to say that when i first went, it was grand opening week, and they had to work out some glitches, but that seems to no longer be the issue.
Jade Noodles resides on the casino level of the Palazzo Hotel. The decor was in a dark red contemporary ambiance.

I was looking forward to their 'remarkable' dim sum dishes. But was definitely disappointed with over all taste, service and price. 

We ordered one pot of Woo-long Tea($2.95), Siu Mai($6.95, comes in 4 small pieces, the wrap was too thick, the pork filling was dry and flavorless), Thousand Year Old Egg Congee($12.95, very ordinary and watery), Fried Tofu($6.95, best dish so far, the mini rounded tofu were lighted breaded and deep fried, great contrast between the crunchiness of the batter and the silky tofu, add a drizzle of garlic soy sauce on top, and it was delish.)

We've also ordered the Shanghai dumplings, but had to cancel the order, after waiting for it for 40min. Didn't think it would've took that long even if they'd made it from scratch! With the same price, Noodles at Bellagio offers a much better choices on dim sum as well as taste.
Went here with some new co-workers during our sales conference.  Brand new place opened up in the area between Venetian and Palazzo.  The decor was nice, the service was OK--the guy had no idea what we ordered if we said "pho ta" ... to him it was just V1.  They were fairly accommodating as we added 2 people at the last minute and one person needed honey and sugar and hot water to nurse a sore throat.

The food tasted fine.  Great, actually.  The broth in the pho ta (v1) with filet mignon was actually really good.  But the noodles were short and the basil I got was limp.  The limes were a bit dry, and there were no mung beans, but red onions and red chili slices instead.

Yes it was good, but pho should NEVER cost $16-$20 for a bowl.  Unless it has actual gold flakes in it or leaves my mouth magically minty fresh afterwards.  And pho is about the cheapest main course on the menu.
i enjoyed my solo lunch here before heading out to the airport.
i had the shrimp won ton which was tasty but who can justify $13 for a bowl of won ton soup! yikes, that's vegas for you!
Awful experience - my wife and I had a complementary dinner to Jade from the Venetian. We were excited to dine here, but were extremely dissapointed. The waiter was rude, and not attentive. The food didn't taste like anything; you could taste the mayo on the prawn, so much so that you had to scrape the crust off. Overall, this restaurant was garbage and if I had paid for the meal I would have been furious. I happened to have a second complementary dinner to Jade, and did not use this as I was so disgusted with my experience.
I went here a couple of times while I was in Vegas. They have both Chinese food & Vietnamese noodles. Although the noodles were 18.00 a bowl, I found it pretty good. Good flavor and fresh. I also had these little chinese dumplings that are called Shiao Long Bao (from Shanghai) and those were pretty decent as well. Obviously not the very best I have tried, but when you've had a night of mass drinking, comfort food is always great!
Jade has now changed its name to ZINE!
same place, same menu, great service.
This restaurant is a staple when visiting vegas. Used to be called "Jade". I've eaten here a handful of times and continue to return

Very good service here and the food is tasty. Macau roast pork is something you must order, its not for the meek. It's roasted pork belly that's a bit crispy on the outside..... mmmmm.
Wow, I can't believe how bad the food was here. 

Tried to come here late night at 2:45 am, but they turned us away cuz they closed at 3 am.

Fine. 

So, we went back a day later to nurse out bangin hangovers. I was so excited to try this place, but what a mother effin letdown.

*shakes head*

Ordered the steamed pork dumplings (xiao long bao), steamed shrimp dumplings, noodle soup with pork and pickled veggies (Taiwanese staple), and filet mignon pho tai.

Har gow- eh, it was decent. 4 pieces. typical dim sum fare.

Steamed pork dumplings- omg, what a disgrace to even call this that name. I had 1 piece and was thoroughly offended. He had a piece and made the funniest this-is-gross face. We left the last piece untouched. 

My noodle soup with pork and picked veggies was so bland and tasteless that I just couldnt eat it after a few bites. Instead I ordered beef noodle soup. 

Beef noodle soup came to the table 5 min later. Holy shit. It was freakin spicy as hell! I thought I was gonna die. They had added 10 red peppers in there. Not kidding. My mouth, throat, tummy, and ass was on fire. I'm really ticked off that they didn't indicate the spicy factor on the menu. It took me at least 30 min or more to get through half the dish.

My DC had the pho tai and said it was awesome. I only had some broth, so I can't comment on it. 

Anyways, this place is not recommended. The bill was about $81, which included a thai iced tea, vietnamese iced coffee and hot tea. Hells no. Never again.
GREAT traditional chinese food, soothing, modern atmosphere.  I love the cold cucumber appetizer and hainan chicken. my FAVE is the kobe beef. noodles are good too.

great service, they speak chinese for those of you that are bring your asian friends/family into town
I would say that Zine is my second favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  I think I still prefer Red 8 in The Wynn, but Zine is a lot more quiet.  

There was not wait time, which is nice in Vegas.  The service was very good, and the wait staff was very helpful.  The waitress steered me away from the Macau Pork, which is actually pork belly.  I was willing to go for it, but she told me I would likely not enjoy it.  

Great place to eat in the Palazzo.
We wandered in here shortly after checking into our room, and were immediately impressed with the space. It's modern yet calming, mature but not stuffy. Its a trendyish yet grown-up place, which is a welcome change in Vegas. Very '007 meets Charlie Chan' feel.

I very much enjoyed the food, which is a variety of different Asian styles. We only had a few items and they were all excellent- the dumplings, the shrimp fried rice, and seafood and noodles in spicy coconut broth. They have a solid wine/sake list, and my Martini was huge and delicious. The service was thorough if just a bit forced, but they left me alone to eat the messy noodle soup thing in peace. 

I will eat here again, definitely.
So so so good!
Came around typical dinner time, but it was pretty empty. Had a beer, a veggie wonton appetizer, this super awesome spicey soup, kung pao chicken and the most amazing, light tasting veggie fried rice ever. It was really, really great food. Plus, compared to everywhere else in this god foresaken place, it's really quiet and mellow. A nice place to chill out, unwind and eat until you hate yourself.
On the spendy side, as everything here is, but totally worth it. For 2 people it was $100 but this was my fave food place so who cares.
This place has incredible food, some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.  Definitely try the Sea Bass, it was perfect.
I am Chinese and I ate here three separate times on my recent Las Vegas trip. The food is quite good, on par with many local Chinatown places. The service is spotty. Get rid of the cheesy Asian hostess that can't speak English correctly! 

But for simple dim sum, congee, and one dish of noodles, this place is way overpriced at $90 for Chinese food, even for Vegas standards. 

I would come here again but only if I am comped.
THE +'s: great decor, very attentive wait staff. "zen ambiance" is so cliche but it holds true here nonetheless. they've got a private, walled-off dining room for a party of 10 hidden in the middle of the restaurant -- only visible if you slide open the panels. that was neato.

THE -'s: lunch tab for four was about $70. sure the noodle soup was clear to the last drop -- but damn eh! nice varied menu though -- a little of catonese, shanghainese, and even some thai.

SUM: we were lazy and craving chinese-ish food so just went downstairs to eat here. the price is crazy but that's just cuz i'm used to l.a.'s deliciously cheap chinese cuisine. food flavors are decent enough that i'd come here maybe just once per vegas trip to satisfy the chinese food craving.
I'm too tired to write a completely thorough critique of each dish of our comped prix fixe dinner, but here is what we ordered:


Dim Sum Sampler  (egg rolls, shiu mai, pot stickers)- Good
Chicken and Corn Soup- Fantastic
Won Ton Soup- Boyfriend said it was good
Lobster Salad- Ick, too much dressing
Peppered Beef Tenderloing- OK, chewy at times
Honey Walnut Prawns- Weird...sauce was mayonnaisey
Mochi Ice Cream- ALWAYS fantastic
Tofu Custard- Almost made me barf

The service was great, but apparently this meal is normally $80 per person.  I wouldn't pay $30 per person.  Decent food, nothing too special here.  We wouldn't have chosen it if we were spending our own money...

Head over to the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood for superior pot stickers......
Overpriced, Americanized, Asian style food. Although advertised as a noodle and dim sum restaurant the menu contains food from all over the place with little dim sum offerings. Everything is overpriced for what it is. The service was fine and the atmosphere was nice as well. But the food was not worth it.
I can sum up Zine in one sentence: the most expensive mediocre Asian dinner you'll ever eat.

$18 for pho.  Yes, the beef noodle soup that you can get a decent bowl of for $5-7 depending on your locale, just weaker and three times the price.

The jellyfish salad - OK flavor, could have used some ponzu or some other acid, but cut way too thick.  Jellyfish should be the consistency of soba, not chow fun.

Steamed pork buns - OK, but nothing to order again.

Duck and winter melon hot pot - If I'm paying almost $20 for it, I want the duck deboned.  Nothing is more annoying than picking out tiny shards of bird bones from your food.  If it were cheap-n-rustic, I could forgive.  Yes, the bones lend flavor, but turn 'em into a stock for cooking.

All in all, the flavors were OK, but nothing really stood out as particularly good.  I could go to any Chinatown diner and get similar, for much, much less.  Eat here if it's comped, maybe, but don't pay for it.
We had the Ultimate Dinner that was provided to us as part of a casino offer and had low expectations.  Overall, we thought the food pretty good.  

The dim sum app sampler was good, the lobster salad was too orangey, the won ton soup was yummy, the peppered tenderloin and seafood rice was delicious and the coffee/chocolate ice cream thingy was odd.
its the palazzo, so it's expensive and pretty over priced. However, food was much better than expected. 
we got the wonton noodle soup and it was decent, the wontons were actually surprisingly yummy. But then again, most food is welcomed after a night of partying. 

It is overpriced, and probably not worth it, but since we had a coupon, it was ok.
The waitress seemed really out of it, but the decoration is pretty good, high ceilings and good for intimate dinners with friends. 

Come here if you have a coupon!
this place is ok. some of the dishes are hit or miss. this is one of those places when you order 5 dishes, 3 are really good and 2 are ok.

i may come back if i have a comp...
This is really expensive, authentic high-quality Chinese food and flawless service.  Prices are 2-4x what you would pay in a Chinatown somewhere in the world for the same dish.   However, if you keep in mind you are in a high end casino, the prices are reasonable when looked at from that perspective.  This is one of the few higher end sit down restaurants that are open for lunch.

Their $15 lunch prix fixe is a good deal.  You get a soup, entree, and dessert.  The mango papaya cold soup I had for dessert was awesome!  Too bad I have no idea where else I can get it.

If you like PF Chang's, you will find Zine to be a couple of classes up and more authentic.  

If you like authentic Chinese restaurants usually, you will be complaining at how expensive Zine is but you will appreciate the quality, cleanliness, and service.   

I will be back here
I love Zine!  It a high-class Chinese restaurant and that's what you would expect in a high-class casino resort hotel like Palazzo.  I decided on the shrimp dumpling noodle soup.  It was delicious and hit the spot!  The wait staff is very attentive.

Oh, and try the desserts - we had the trio mochi ice cream and the red bean pancake with a dollop of vanilla icecream.  YUMMY!!
stayed at the Palazzo this weekend with some girlfriends and we decided to venture here for lunch...friday afternoon at around 1pm and the place wasnt too crowded. ready to start the weekend, we ordered a bottle of our favorite lychee sake that they had on hand ($23, usually $10 at BevMo) and ordered dishes for a  family style lunch. for 4 girls, we ordered 3 dishes - bbq pork w/rice, chow mein, and chinese broccoli. we thought this was enough but portion sizes are fairly small so we had to end up ordering another dish, the sweet and sour pork.  all in all, this def isnt your most authentic chinese food, but it was good and of course it's vegas so expect prices to be inflated. the total for lunch was about $30 per person so not breaking the bank and based on your other dining options at the Palazzo Hotel, Zine is def one of the more affordable places.
Zine shouldn't be even considered asian food. The Pho is $18 and taste like dark Thai soup. Disgusting. Service was extremely slow and they would not get our order right either. We had a few dim sum items which were just ok and casino prices. I would not come here again for some decent chinese food.
I thought this place wasnt that good...the foods doesnt have any flavor and the dim sum we had were old and it tasted like it was heated up from the microwave!!  Expensive and no worst it!!
This restaurant is a very expensive chinese/vietnamese restaurant, that for us, was 45% cheaper because the mirrored venetian website (in chinese) was offering a 45% discount card.  

Pros: Food quality is excellent.  
The xiao long bao are excellent.  Perfect dough underneath with the right amount of pleats on top and with a slight amount of doughyness on top.
Soups are excellent.  I had the braised beef szechuan style noodle soup and my friends have the pho.  
The shanghai style rice cake is excellent, however, the portions are a lot smaller when compared to Noodle Asia in the Venetian.

Cons: Price.  However, this becomes moot if you somehow can score this discount.  You have to be able to read chinese to get it.
Won ton soup was amazing. Real Chicken stock and fresh meat in wontons with thin tight wrapper just like ma-in-law in Hong Kong made.
Chui Chow duck was also very good.
Singapore noodles had no evidence of curry at all.
Chinese broccoli was under cooked and overgrown.
Worst of all the red bean paste cake was greasy and half full of  red bean.
Half the meal wasgreat half was under par. Not what you'd expect from a pricey restaurant.
food eh it was ok
price: WACK!!!!
kung pao chicken and seafood chow mein for $50!!! i was like OMG!!! i definitely will never go back...i only went there because my mom was craving asian food and didn't want to leave the hotel. but i would definitely not go back! nothing is special about it it tastes like any other chinese restaurant except 3 times the price. definitely will not go back...next time i'm craving chinese i'm going down spring mountain road!
We got up very late on New Years day and were recommended Zine by our concierge.  I love Dim Sum (yum cha) so was eager to try Zine.  From the very beginning we got a peripheral feeling that we were not really welcome.  They wanted us to wait in the back while they cleaned the table that was all the way in the back for us even though there were plenty of other tables.  The hostess almost seemed embarrassed to have us wait up front.  Maybe it was my friend's sweat shirt or something else.  I don't know.

The waiter came to take our order in a normal amount of time and brought our Chrysanthemum and Green tea almost quickly.  But then we waited.  And, we waited...  We tried to make eye contact with our waiter.  He looked the other way.  The restaurant was about 65% full I would say.  So it wasn't like they were slammed or anything.  Finally we did make eye contact after about thirty minutes and he actually put up his hand to block (arm completely outstretched) and averted his gaze from us as if in disgust.  At this point we got up and left stopping on our way out to complain to the hostess who didn't apologize or seem to care.
When the Palazzo wants to comp you a free dinner at their chinese restaurant, you just take it, no questions asked.  Since i was lazy to walk anywhere to eat (well, i'm always lazy to walk), it worked out well.  And if the restaurant is within viewing distance from their craps tables, well let's say i don't stray too far from home.

I was shocked to see how huge this place was upon entering, and the place was maybe 15% full.  It's quite elegant and very quiet inside.  I think i saw tv's in the back bar area, which I wasn't expecting for this restaurant.  

The food was average, some bright spots, some lows.  The shrimp and pork wonton soup was a touch salty, and not really warm.  The honey walnut prawns, which i was very excited about, were disappointing.  Covered with mayonnaise, it was too overpowering and you couldn't taste anything but the mayonnaise.  It was like they dipped my head inside a jar of Hellmann's.  As for the wins, the mongolian beef was flavorful and i appreciated the texture of the beef.  The pan fried noodles were a surprising winner.  I didn't expect to like it as much as I did.  

All in all, it's good when you're lazy and at the Palazzo, but i wouldn't call it a destination spot.  It's also a little too expensive for Chinese/Vietnamese food, and especially for the small portions they give out.  $18 dollars for pho? $20 for fried rice?  OHN.  You're better off going to Chinatown for those prices.  I still love you Palazzo, but when i'm playing craps i'll make sure to look at another place.
I was in town for an industry trade show and went to Zine with some of my work colleagues as they were interested in Chinese cuisine.  I was a bit skeptical as to whether it would be good as I've yet to find a good Chinese restaurant in Last Vegas, and my doubts were justified.

Despite there being a major trade show going on, the restaurant was relatively empty when we were arrived, and we were quickly seated.  We were a total of 3 in our party, and the others were comfortable eating family style.  So we ordered 3 dishes that we were going to share.  They were the e-fu noodles with crab, braised chicken and tofu in a hot pot, and stir-fried baby bok choy.  While the ingredients were fairly fresh, the overall taste just didn't fit what I expect to taste.  In fact, all three dishes were bland in taste.  For the hot pot, I was disappointed with the amount of chicken provided.  The dish that probably most conformed with my ideal taste in Chinese food was the stir-fried baby bok choy, which was the easiest dish of the three to cook.

Service overall was very good.  We never had to wait for a waiter to show up.
Good food, great atmosphere. Nothing really special about the meal or the menu, but there's a decent selection. My only real peeve with the place is that, without asking, they took me back to eat at the bar--which was otherwise deserted. I realize that restaurants don't like to give up a table for single diners, but come on...at least ask.
Okay, I didn't read the reviews before I came here.   I was staying at the Palazzo and I felt like eating dim sum.  Probably because of the dim sum advertisements for Zine.  My friend was coming over for lunch and she didn't want to eat at a buffet.   I'm not sure why because when we came here she wanted to order food and share it so she could try different things.  I told her to order some things that looked good to her but she didn't want to order and said she'll eat whatever I order.   WTF?   Oh well.   I ordered the Har Gow, Siu Mai and noodle soup to start off.    The Har Gow and Siu Mai were 6.95 each order and you get 4 pieces per order.   It was average at best.    The soup was okay and a little on the bland side but I love noodles.  Then I ordered the Lemon Chicken and YanZho fried rice and a Mango alcohol drink.  I forgot what the drink was actually called but they had a picture of it and she thought it looked good and she actually liked it.   She insisted I try it but I didn't care for the tapioca in it.   Back to the food.   I'm not sure how many people reading this have actually had had good lemon chicken or know what it's suppose to taste like but  this one sucked.   It was like a piece of chicken pounded, then breaded and deep fried served with a lemon sauce on the side.   The YanZho fried rice was on the lighter side.  It really didn't have much flavor.  The bill came out to $82.76 plus I gave a 20 dollar tip.   The service here was excellent but there were hardly any people in the restaurant for lunch.
Saturday morning/early afternoon, we woke up hungry craving for dim sum.  By the time everyone was up and ready, it was almost 2pm so we needed to find a dim sum place that was open later or 24 hours.  Upon searching on Yelp, we found this place at the Palazzo and thought it would be convenient since we were staying at the Palazzo.

We walked downstairs and into the restaurant and stood there while the hostess was on the phone where we waited to be seated.  The restaurant was empty with the exception of maybe 3-4 tables filled.  The decor was nice and upscale and we knew we would be paying a pretty penny to eat here.

The menu is filled with high priced items which includes Chinese, Shanghainese, and Vietnamese items and the portions were extremely small.  Light eaters can finish multiple dishes with no problem.

FOOD:
-Steamed Pork & Shrimp Dumplings (Sui Mai) - The meat was rubbery and it didn't taste fresh.  It tasted like it was frozen and reheated in the microwave.  $7 for 4 pieces.  

-Steamed Chicken Feet - I personally didn't eat it, but one friend said it was okay, the other said it was bland.  $5 for 3 or 4 pieces (we ordered two orders).

-Steamed Shanghainese Pork Dumping (Xiao Long Bao) - Decent, but not as tasted as I've had at other places.  It lacked the broth inside too, but was still served with the special sauce.  $9 for 6 pieces.

-Pan Fried Noodles with Seafood - The $19 noodles weren't even crispy and was too "saucy".   

-Beef Chow Fun - Probably the most decent dish I ate, but it still didn't have enough flavor.  

-Hainanese Chicken Rice - EXTREMELY disappointed in this dish which cost almost $17.  The "special" rice that comes with it barely had any flavor and the pieces of chicken were extremely skimpy.  The ginger sauce lacked green onions and salt.  

 -Roast Duck - I didn't eat this dish, but we had leftovers when the serving size was extremely small, so I'm assuming it wasn't the best dish.  

-Fried Rice with Dried Scallops - Not enough salt in the dish, it was extremely bland.  We spent our time adding soy sauce to add some kind of flavor to the dish.  

SERVICE:  
Horrible!  The staff was extremely inattentive and not very friendly.  The waiter took our order and disappeared within seconds after we were done.  The only time we saw any of the staff members was when the food arrived, any other time, they were no where in sight.  They do pack your food if you decide to take it to go.

CONCLUSION:
I am extremely disappointed in this restaurant, I left the restaurant unsatisfied and not full.  Being in one of the high end, 5 star hotels on the strip in Las Vegas, I would expect better quality service and food. Pricey food is expected in Vegas, but quality is as well and this place lacks quality all around.  Use the money you would spend here and cab it to Chinatown where you'll probably get horrible service, but at least the food will be good.
My boyfriend and I were browsing through the Palazzo and decided to eat lunch at Zine. I don't know if it's because I'm from Monterey Park, which in my personal opinion has the best Chinese food, or because I currently live in San Francisco, which also has great Chinese restaurants, but this food was just wrong. I do admit that I only tried the chicken fried rice, but even that was pretty bland. In retrospect, I would not have put down $55 for 2 unflavorful rice dishes, tea and Vietnamese iced coffee, and a tip for half-ass wait service. Plus, my waiter seemed pretentious, however, the other staff didn't seem so bad.  

I would only go back to this place if I got comped for my meal.
I'll preface that it seems some people question authenticity of a person just because they had a decent meal at this place, that it's some sort of lie or ignorance I'd give it more than 1-2 stars... which isn't quite fair to say as this is about everyones individual experiences and I happen to have been happy with mine. I'm not Chinese but my older 2 brothers and sister are and their culture is very prevalent as part of my upbringing since I was born. My dad was a businessman whose partners are all Chinese and we spent much time in Hong Kong and had indulgences cooked by our Chinese friends/business partners/family and I cook Chinese at home. 

We came late at night before they were closing after watching a show. A few customers in there still, but only 3 other tables, one Chinese. 

Foodwise, I was very surprised that it took me back to times feeling like I was eating from someones home kitchen. Appetizers- black bean pork riblets, green onion pancake and for main- Braised E Fu noodles with crab, Macau style pork.

Riblets were soft and piping hot, paired well with the pancake which was a nice balance of crisp, soft and right amount of chewiness. My favorite childhood pancake done right texture wise...was light on the onion which I can go heavy or lighthanded with it. 

E-Fu noodles had a decent portion, good lumps of crab that was fresh and had sliced shitakes in it. This was simple and nicely flavored and done. Macau pork was a small portion, but good- crispy, some fat but not too much...served with sauce and pickled veggies. 

Ice tea was surprisingly nice. It wasn't a plain tea like Lipton, but a nice blend that had fruity and flowery balanced....most of the restaurants brew this same ice tea. I should ask what it is next time.

Overall, I thought the food lived up to making me happy and did taste authentic. 

The server wasn't really friendly or chatty, but was attentive. Checking on us, refilling drinks, replaced our utensils from apps to main, made sure to ask for last call on the kitchen. Staff was on and would be very sad if they couldn't manage us 4 tables in for late night but it passed what I expected it to be.

Pricewise though is the deal breaker as its like 2x what a usual family owned spots would for this casual Chinese food. Yeah, it's in a casino so you pay for convenience, a nicer ambiance and the fact that rent there in Palazzo/Venetian is some of the most expensive on the strip so they gotta cover their ass. I don't think it's easy to market Chinese food at this price as we're used to paying cheap prices for good Chinese foods.If this was a "gourmet burger bar" or a sushi bar something of the like, I doubt it would struggle as much or have as much price complaints. We got a special discount so it was worth it, but at regular price for a local I will head to Chinatown instead of the strip for food. Still, the food was good and made me feel like I was eating a Chinese uncles food at home. It's been a while since something reminded me of being a kid.

I say food is good and if you have to eat in Palazzo, then it's a choice but it's a hefty price compared to a taxi ride to Chinatown.
I went to Zine earlier today and left extremely disappointed. My friend and I got there around noon, and were seated right away toward the back of the restaurant. Good start...

In terms of ambiance, it's a nice looking restaurant. It's located off to the right side of the casino floor. The inside is nice looking, and our table was pretty big. They had a TV in the back that was playing a soccer game.

The service was AWFUL. I don't think our waitress ever introduced herself, and apart from taking our order, she never stopped at our table. She didn't even ask how the food was (which is pretty normal, no?) and we had to flag her down to get our bill. There was an eyelash (or some sort of small hair) in my teacup, so I asked her for another cup. I eventually had to flag down another person to get me another cup because our waitress never came back. I could understand her forgetting if the restaurant was packed, but all she had was us (a table of 2) and another table of 10 guys.

The food was ok, but I've had MUCH better dim sum. We were thinking about ordering another round, but decided against it because a) I was hungover, b) the food was not as good as we were expecting, and c) the service sucked.

Definitely an overrated restaurant.
I go to Vegas about once a month, sometimes twice a month, and I rarely venture out of my comfort zone for Asian food (never in Vegas hotels) preferring to take my car out to Mountain Spring/Chinatown area. However, I felt I should give the Asian restaurants in the Venetian/Palazzo a try. Honestly, I would not have eaten here had I not received resort credit. I was expecting to get fusion-like Chinese food, basically "fake" Chinese food. Much to my surprise, I really enjoyed my dinner! I had the prime beef tenderloin and the Chilean sea bass, and they were both very good. I'd definitely come back. I have lots more on the menu I'd like to try!
The prices were a little much especially when I knew we could get the same dimsum for better quality for half the price down the street at the Chinatown district. But hey, it's the Vegas Strip. Like I said, the quality was not amazing and the service didn't help either. Our server brought out our pot stickers and soup first and forgot to bring out the rest of our dimsum. After waiting another 20 min we finally told the host to cancel the rest of our order because we were late for an appt. The server brought out the rest of our order anyway so we ended up having to stuff those down quickly. Pretty disappointing.
I would have to say that while the menu looks like it offers chinese dishes, the quality and taste is not up to par.

The lychee iced drink seemed to be nothing more than canned lynchee with watered down syrup with ice.

The hot and sour soup base was bland and spicy, but the contents were very abundant.  It was lacking on the sour part.

For the entree to chose to go with variety and ordered the BBQ & Roasted combination which allowed me to pick 3 different types.  I chose the BBQ spare rib, Soy Sauce Chicken, and Chui Chow Style Spiced Tofu.  The BBQ spare rib really didn't taste like anything.  The meat was essentially glued to the bone and required effort.  The Soy Sauce chicken had very little chicken meat.  It was just skin and bones.  As a result of the skin and bones, the applied soy sauce really soaked into the minimal amount of meat essentially made the chicken very salty.  The tofu lacked any spice and the tofu skin lacked texture.  I was able to try a piece of the honey glazed bbq pork which was definitely honey glazed, but the pork was not very good.  

The trio mochi ice cream was actually pretty tastey and soft.  The mochi shell was very soft and melted in my mouth.  While the ice cream was average.
Great Ambiance - Diverse Menu offers lots of Asian inspired food options. 

The service was great - they took a large group at lunch of 12 people and we had no reservations. The menu was accommodating to all taste buds and overall the table was satisfied with our selections. I had a 3 meat combination plate with the bar-b-que pork (GREAT!), the roasted pork (Solid) and the Soy Sauce Chicken (Not for me.)

Overall I was happy and would give this restaurant another try.
They don't deserve to use the words "dim sum" in their name!!  This is not a dim sum place at all!!  A few dim sum items under the appetizer section of their menu does not do it!!  Who ever heard of $18 for a bowl of pho?!!  We didn't order that but wanted to note how ridiculous that was - only in Vegas, I guess!!  We had their wonton noodle soup, which was $12, and not spectacular!  We ordered the hau gow and sue mai just to try it and it was dry and not worth it at all!!  The service was super slow and the servers all looked miserable!  Worse place ever, not worth a dime!!!
Zine is an upscale Asian restaurant that was labeled one of the ten best in America by Chinese Restaurant News. Chef Simon To, the recipient of the blue ribbon award from my alma mater (can you say that about culinary school?), Le Cordon Bleu, has created a menu bursting with excellent renditions of the more popular items you find on Cantonese, Vietnamese, and other Eastern menus throughout the valley. I would like to try everything on his menu, however, due to the extraordinarily high prices you pay for these renditions, dining here is more of a luxury than feasting on similar versions elsewhere.

Between the two of us, we ordered four items. The amount of food was more than enough, but surprisingly, we didn't leave stuffed - a definite plus. We started with the Rare Filet Mignon and Beef Ball Pho ($18), a version of the traditional Vietnamese soup. The filet was  tender, the broth was rich, and the rice noodles weren't over-saturated with liquid. My only regret was that we hadn't ordered the version of the soup without the beef balls, not because they were bad, but because the filet was so wonderful. Likely a traditonal pho would not contain filet, however, so this pho is a particularly indulgent one and the hefty price tag confirms this.

We then moved on to the steamed Shanghainese pork dumplings ($9.25), which for the record, are the absolute best I've had in town. China Mama on Spring Mountain has been reviewed as having the closest version to those of the incredibly popular Din Tai Fung in Arcadia, but Zine puts those to shame. At China Mama, the technique just isn't down. The dumplings fall apart at the bottom because they are too thin, releasing the coveted broth prematurely, and the crimping at the top is inconsistent and often sloppy. Zine is the only place I've seen that can compare to Din Tai Fung, however, they don't have the great variety of options, a sad yet understandable difference. Unfortunately, they also cost twice as much, but for a Strip restaurant I'd expect nothing less. If I put myself on a food budget, which I really need to get around to doing one of these days, I'd order these alone and wouldn't need much else.

We finished with some dishes from the "Chef's Special" section, all of which end in $0.80. I think this is supposed to make the consumer lucky. We had the sauteed vegetables ($16.80), which were impeccably dressed in a light garlic sauce and cooked beautifully. The little pearl mushrooms were a welcome and unique variation, however, I was hoping for Chinese broccoli rather than regular broccoli. The Honey Glazed Walnut Prawns ($28.80), a personal favorite, could have come out hotter but were delicious nonetheless. The dish consists of extra large prawns that have been lightly battered and fried and tossed with a mayonnaise based sweet sauce and, of course, honey glazed walnuts. Sounds healthy doesn't it? I found the quality of this comparable to same dish at Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast, but due to the fact they cost double at Zine, Ping Pang Pong wins my walnut prawn competition.

Other than the prices, there was nothing about Zine that would make me not go back. Each dish we had was skillfully prepared and well-balanced, so if you see a dish on the menu you've enjoyed elsewhere in Vegas, chances are it will be better here. Just don't forget to eat the lucky dishes so your gambling habit might pay off and cover the cost of your meal.
This is a new, high-end Chinese fine dine eatery in the Palazzo Hotel and Resort. It essentially replaced the former high-end Asian restaurant called "Woo." We chose to try this restaurant only because of a voucher we received in a hotel package. The voucher allowed us to take $30 off of a bill of at least $60 total. We thought, "what a good deal!" Well, on second thought, NO it wasn't!

The food:

Overpriced Chinese food. I hate to say this, because to the contrary of popular belief, there IS such a phenomenon as expensive, high-quality Chinese cuisine that is absolutely worth paying for. Zine, however, is NOT such a phenomenon. While the description of the restaurant alluded to a variety of Asian dishes on the menu, it mainly Chinese cuisine, with the exception of a few Vietnamese "phou" dishes. 

Mao Pao Tofu = 20 dollars
Sirloin Beef Cubes = 30 dollars
Cup-size Hot/Sour Soup = 8 dollars

And no, the quality of the food was not worth the extra charge. The presentation was sloppy (I swear the noodle joint @ Bellagio (Noodles) can do better than this). The taste? Sure it was good and tasty, but I am absolutely convinced you can find this same taste and quality from a local Asian eatery (probably on Spring Mtn Road) 5 minutes away by car. 

Service:

I have to admit the service was top-notch. They constantly checked on my table, asked us if we needed anything else, and it made me realize I should focus my criticism not on the staff that was simply working here trying to make a living, but the overzealous owner or hotel mastermind behind this careless restaurant concept. 

Here is a warning to those who are planning to use a similar voucher at any of these Palazzo restaurants: they will automatically calculate the 18% gratuity based on your ORIGINAL total, not the discounted total. So while my bill essentially came out to around $50 dollars for two people, the 18% tip was based on a total of course $90. 

Overall:

I would probably not come back here again unless there is a miraculous price adjustment to their menu. I would to reiterate that I am a proponent of expensive Chinese food, though it must prove its extra worth through quality and taste. Zine does not justify the price of its menu and I truly believe that without the voucher currently being offered to Palazzo residents, Zine would see little business in far future.
Nice decor. Food was alright-needed more flavoring. The mango mochi ice cream was delicious--quite a unique dessert.  I would go back just for the dessert.  Service was good.
Nice contemporary Chinese setting.  Good food - enjoyed the bbq pork/chicken/roast duck platter & fried rice.
By the time I and my friends were ready for food, it was past 10pm. We went strolling in Palazzo because we like playing the C tables here :) We stumbled in Zine. 

Yes, price is on the very high end but the food is pretty good so that's fine. I am giving 5 stars because our server was exceptional. 

My girlfriend wanted to order the steam lobster entree and she did. Minutes later, our server came back politely to let her know the market price would be $70 for the 2lbs lobster LoL... My girlfriend changed the order to something else. We ordered three entrees & wines. The last entree that was brought out, my girlfriend pointed out to them that they brought out the wrong dish she had ordered so our server immediately removed the entree. My girlfriend picked another entree. 
By the time we were done with our meal, our server asked if we would like some complimentary mochica ice creams ( mango & strawberry & chocolate). We accepted. Our server came back to check on us again and he was very apoligetic about the one entree incident and wanted to make sure we are happy. BTW, we told him we like the mochi ice cream a lot, he got us more mochi ice creams :) 

Overall, very good service & food was pretty good ...
3.5 stars for me.

I agree with what many say that the place is overpriced, but we clearly had a better lunch than many.  Don't know if they're inconsistent, or if we just ordered better?  Here's what we had:
-Shanghainese Pork Dumpling: A pretty basic dish that is hard to do badly.  The dumplings did take a while to come out (we were told this in advance), suggesting that they are fresh.  They were freshly steamed and pretty good.
-Cantonese Roast Duck: This dish was small but very tasty.  The duck was nicely cooked, and the skin was flavorful and crispy.  Enjoyed this.
-Satay Ox Tail Noodle Soup: Our waitress was very pleased that we both knew what ox tail was and that we liked it.  Apparently most of the whiteys that go there don't.  Living in LA, we eat everything!  This was super interesting.  Viet-style  Pho, with Thai-style satay base, with Chinese-style ox tail.  It says it's spicy and I'm sure it is for some.  I wanted it hotter, so we doctored it with some of the sauces on the table.  I enjoyed this dish a lot.  Great mix of flavors!
-Singapore Style Curry Rice Vermicelli: Again, good flavors and interesting mix.  We enjoyed this too!

Overall we enjoyed our meal but, admittedly, it was expensive.  I was also mildly annoyed that I needed to leave the restaurant to use the restroom; for this price, but a restroom in your place like all the other medium-upscale places!  Service was good and we were stuffed full of bold flavors.
I don't really understand all the haters here- I thought the food was good, at a decent price!

We had the pork dumpling, hot and sour soup, and soy flavored noodle dish (can't remember what it was exactly called, but it came with bean sprouts and beef). Everything was really good! The dumplings came out steaming hot, the soup was well seasoned, and the noodles were just delicious! 

I would go back. But no fortune cookie? Sad.
The beef tenderloin in garlic sauce was awesome.  The meat was so tender and melted in your mouth.
If you're craving Chinese food, this is the closest you'll get to it on the strip. Although, I can't really blame them entirely for being below par because mostly tourists come here and they have no incentive to improve their dishes...or more accurately resemble authentic dishes. 

I suggest ordering the BEEF CHOW FUN, which I think is the dish that is made most accurately to beef chow fun in authentic Chinese restaurants.

The service really sucks- the only people in the restaurant were my boyfriend and I and it took us forever to find someone to fill our tea pot and get check. All the waiters were doing something in the back. Obviously they didn't appreciate our business even though we were the only ones there...
This is a wonderful addition to Vegas restaurants.  The dim sum is okay, but I like the noodle dishes and other entrees better.  Their seafood noodle soup is not very spicy but has wonderful stone crab claws.  The Mongolian beef is spicy, and perhaps the best I have ever had.  I also love the prawns with egg and chow fun.  The chow fun is truly rice based here like many years ago and of great quality.  The food is not overly salty here, and has a wonderful blend of flavors.  This place is a little hidden, and has great food.  It is quite pricey for what it is though.
I agree with the majority of reviews here, in that the food is pretty typical fare, and way over-priced. 

Chicken Pot Stickers: Were almost cold when they arrived at the table. Had to send them back. Once we got a hot plate, we devoured them. VERY good and the sauce they serve with them is wonderful.

Fried Chinese Donuts: Nice, but nothing special.  I dipped them in my soup broth.

Filet Mignon Noodle Soup: Pretty good, but didn't blow me away. Seemed a little under-seasoned.

Roasted Pork Belly: Another dish served at an inappropriately cool temperature.  Didn't bother sending it back because I warmed the pieces up by dunking them in my soup broth. I suspect if this dish had been served hot, it would have been quite good. It was my first taste of pork belly, so quite disappointing. Upon reflection ... I wish I had sent it back. Dammit!

Kung Pao Chicken: Flavorful, plenty of chicken, yummy sauce. Good, but nothing more than you might find at any decent Chinese restaurant.

Thai Iced Tea and regular iced tea: Yummy!

Service was adequate, but nothing special. One of the bussers couldn't speak English, so she had to find someone who could understand that our pot stickers were cold and we wanted to send them back. Just annoying.

Tab for 2 people, 2 beverages, 5 dishes was $84 and that was after our $10 coupon was deducted.  Obviously, you are paying for the location inside the fancy schmancy Palazzo, and the expensive, dramatic decor.  

Overall, it didn't suck, but I am not inspired to return any time soon.
I tried this place for the first time this past weekend.  I have to be honest... I wasn't that hungry when we went... But the others in my party were... So we went.  I ordered something very light - the egg white beef cilantro soup.  Others ordered congee, the pork belly, and the pan fried noodles.  My soup was absolutely delicious!  Granted, it was like $8 for a small portion.  I tried the congee and that was the best congee I have ever eaten.  I'm no congee expert so to me, it was great.  They had pho for like $18 a bowl which I think is a rip off... But it is Vegas and inside The Palazzo.  Food was wonderful, just overpriced!  Oh, by the way.. cool ambiance if you ask me.
I usually tell my friends that eating in the Venetian/Palazzo complex is pretty much a safe bet.  The food is usually very very good.  Put an Asian themed restaurant inside an Italian resort and all hell breaks loose.  We had a large lunch, so Zine was a good choice for a light dinner.  We went with the Shumai as an appetizer.  This shumai was like spam wrapped and steamed.  The meat was grinded down so fine and the binding agent created a thick spammy type blob.  We also had the pan fried egg noodles with seafood.  The noodles were pan-fried, but not enough of the noodles were pan-fried.  I would say 5% of the noodles were crispy.  Also, most places tend to over-sauce the pan-fried noodles and that makes any crispyness soggy.  To add insult to injury, the scallops were not cleaned properly and had grit in the meat.  The chicken and fish fried rice was good.  Not enough meat.  The best dish we had was the combo BBQ.  We had the Roasted Duck, Spare Rib and Pork Belly.  This was done excellent.  Nice crispy pork belly and duck skin really made it the star of the show.  So, now I can tell all my friends that eating at any Italian restaurant in the Venetian/Palazzo complex is a safe bet.
We were looking for a nice light meal before the Blue Man Group show and Zine fit the bill perfectly. While I can see where some of the issues described in the more negative reviews came from, we fortunately didn't run into them. I think expectations are key here - all we wanted from the restaurant was a bowl of noodles (we were actually heading for Noodle Asia but walked by Zine, looked the menu and decided to give it a try).. Service was friendly and efficiant, my bowl of Pho Tai was delicious and Sam's Won Ton noodle soup could have used a little more flavor but the shrimp wontons were a nice surprise. After three days of high-end eating we weren't in a terribly critical frame of mind and I think that had a lot to do with our perceptions
If you have read my reviews on regular basis, you know I rarely pay for food at Vegas Casinos.  In my opinions, you can get much better food/values dining else where, i.e., not in the casinos.  

This was an over due review as it was part of my birthday offer (along with $$$ slot credits) from Venetian/Palazzo back in March.  I used it twice so I had dinner here twice.  I agree with some of the reviewers that the price is high for what you get (thus, why I don't eat in the casinos unless it's free).  Although this restaurant also calls itself a Dim Sum restaurant, I would not recommend having dim sum here. (Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast offers much better dim sums)  The selections are very limited and I don't think they were made in-house (judging from the appetizers we had).  

The decor is very typical Chinese, red and dark wood.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=x8ygrCywG3_FWAUwKibbmw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=akOesnzeDGBQ0AXJvXos6A.  We had the Ultimate Dinner for 2 (Prix Fixe) as followed:

1)  Course # 1 Appetizer - Egg rolls, Sui Mai, and Pot Sticker.  Like I said, earlier, these taste like store bought.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=NZO7p2uF35vjc-pXrXaXxQ

2) Course # 2 Chinese Lobster Salad in Citrus Dressing - You get about 3 little piecesof lobster.  Dressing is a bit tart.  I think they could have used better salad for this dish.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=TMj9z4crBk4a3qJ_IxUHUw

3) Course #3 Soup - I chose Hot and Sour Soup and my fiance had Wonton Soup.  Both are pretty good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=UaH4RErpnUy1YWgXD_3VXw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=L9XBjVOcoFG-T4Si3I7FpQ

4) Course #4 Entree - I had Prawns with Candied Walnuts, Fried Rice (with Shrimps and Scallops), and Veggie.  I thought they were very good.  The mayonnaise was just right http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=I2qhcjAAmLmhfh_mH20JgQ My fiance had Pepper Crusted Beef Tenderloin, Frid Rice, and Veggie. The beef was melt-in-your mouth tender with great flavor.  One of the best cooked beef I've had.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=oBYWMt8cnovjjuYwbjtzgw

5) Course #5 Dessert - 1 tiny piece of mochi ice cream.  I love mochi ice cream.  They should have given 2.  :) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/liGn7sPOvUuy3kcwbhRkbA?select=Xtvk_sDxgkMn0gpx9wxFmw

I might be biased in giving this place 4 stars because I didn't have to pay for the meals.  But I thought the quality of our meals was really good and price was on par with what you'd expect from casino restaurant.  Service was very attentive.  Come here for their regular entrees and not Dim Sum and I think you'd be fine.
Sorry, but this would probably be the most disappointing meal during my Vegas trip.  Not only was it the most expensive, the food wasn't anything to brag about.  I tried a bunch of food from their menu (since I was with a bunch of people), the only item that was good was the walnut prawns...But how can walnut prawns not be good.

Thumbs up for the atmosphere though.
Disappointed. Overpriced. 

Yeah yeah yeah you heard it from me a gazillion times, I'm not a Chinese food fan...so take this review with a grain of salt perhaps?

First, the restaurant wasn't that busy and the server (and kitchen) was really slow. For a party of 6 people, our food came out in largely varying times. Majority of our party's dishes trickled out except a couple, so we asked about them - twice. So about 25 minutes later the remaining dishes finally arrived. 

We had vouchers and our server was clearly annoyed about it. Maybe she was really cranky about working on Christmas. We politely explained the situation and tried to be nice about it and smile instead of giving her a hard time (hoping it would lighten her mood)....well, she was non-receptive and further decided to be short and unattentive. At least the hostess was nicer....

I ordered the wonton noodle soup which was bland, albeit the more "healthy item" on the menu. The bok choy was not "ripe" enough and the broth was...off. The egg noodles were sooo tangled I started getting frustrated about trying to eat them, hahaa. No I did not finish my dish.

The spicy scallops were very spicy omfg. Way over-sauced. The scallops weren't cooked right and overall tasted like spicy mush. 

The sweet and sour soup was just ok but I would not ever get it again. 

The only good thing about my meal was my lychee drink which was fresh and light with real lychee fruit, none of that fake stuff.

Everything was overpriced and not that good, I did not enjoy my time here and it was not a good value even with the vouchers.
As a born and raised Texan, going to Vegas was pricey, but paying for food in Vegas was even more pricey! Especially for "Chinese" food, yikes! But all prices aside, I'm willing to over look the $$ signs if the food is eff'n amazing.  

Zine's menu was typical Americanized Chinese food. Although it's suppose to be a noodle/ dim sum place, there weren't enough dim sum choices to put dim sum in the name of the restaurant! There were a few noodle choices in addition to pho noodle soups. But I was expecting all-out noodle/ dim sum fest type menu, PLUS some typical Chinese dishes. It's more of the other way around. But all criticality aside, what about the food you ask? I ordered green onion pancake, a bowl of Schezuan beef and tendon noodle soup, and iced tea. The pancake was a lose/lose for for me. It didn't' taste like onion at all, but more like butter. Heck! If you poured some syrup on top, I would of thought the pancake was from IHOP. The soup, however, is what hooked me. It was soooo GOOOOD. The flavor and freshness made the soup absolutely amazing. It was a pretty decent sized bowl, and I ate it ALL, broth included.

The decor is nice, the staff is okay. I really don't like having to ask for more iced tea, it's my pet peeve. I was on the verge of cracking when one of the staff finally saw that I was down to the bottom and came to fill'er up. If you check this place out, stick to a noodle soup. It's definitely less pricey for the portion size.
Came here with a group of girlfriends and ordered family style.  We had the barbecue with 3 meats, which was delicious, a noodle dish which was the best entree by far, and dumplings.  The dumplings were served hot, with a sweet sauce, and they were really good. Everyone was pleased wih the meal, and no one complained about the price.  The service was a bit slow though, especially since the restaurant was pretty empty.  I would definitely go back.
So overall, this place was fine. It was ok..

Yes, it LOOKS amazing. Everything was very well decorated, and I just liked sitting there. Things were brought out in fancy little carts, and it was just overall a really nice environment.

Our waiter was helpful, although sometimes there were minor miscommunications, but he always asked and double checked before jumping to conclusions and putting in our order.

The food was fine. It was a little greasy, and a little overpriced. I felt as though I could've really just gotten something that tasted better for a lot less at a Chinatown, but after all. When you go to Vegas, you don't really expect anything to be super cheap. If you crave authentic, I wouldn't get my hopes up for this place. 

All in all, the food was fine. We were tired and had just come from the air port, ready for our first meal off the plane. We weren't expecting anything extravagant, but it filled us up and we were satisfied.

If you're looking for an amazing food experience, this isn't the place to go. But if you want to just grab a friend, eat somewhere with really pretty interior design, and relax in a sea of red lanterns then I'd say go for it.
This place is hidden in the corner of the casino , and a bit hard to find. We were seated at a good table on Saturday night without a reservation. Service was prompt and attentive. 


The steamed pot stickers were good, the sauce that came with it was a bit too vinegary for my taste. The pepper crusted beef tenderloin was perhaps the best beef I have had in Vegas. It was melt in your mouth tender, with the right amount of seasoning, and there wasn't an ounce of fat in any bite! I would return just for the beef alone. 

The prices are a bit high, but normal with the rest of Vegas.
Very overpriced for very poor food. Do yourself a favor and walk over to Noodles Asia at the Venetian. The food is much much better there.

I ate here twice during Super Bowl weekend. We had dim sum for lunch the first time and it was okay, nothing too amazing. Some of the dishes looked like they were pre-cooked and just thrown into a microwave and then served to us. The next night we went back for dinner. What a huge mistake! We ordered a special Chinese New Year's Chicken Dish which was dryer than the desert. Again, it seemed like this dish was pre-cooked and then microwaved. Disgusting for $38! Then we ordered a basic beef with veggies dish. This is as standard a Chinese dish as you can get and somehow they messed this one up too. And finally we ordered ma-po tofu which was not up to standards either. With taxes and tips, my bill was $140. What a ripoff. One of the worse meals that I have ever had in Vegas! I know prices are inflated in Vegas but $140 for three of the most basic Chinese dishes is crazy! 

Again, do yourself a favor and walk over to the Venetian to eat Chinese food at Noodles Asia. These same three dishes would probably cost about $45 and will taste a hell of a lot better. 

Never again for Zine!
Nice place, loved the interior. DECENT, i repeat, decent food. 

Not great but not terrible.
Had a hangover, and came here to eat their OVERPRICED pho. But it was yummy, and I can see why it is expensive, as it is very good in quality. Other than that, okay Chinese food that I can easily get in San Francisco... and half the price. 

This place can be easily missed, but just walk by the walls of the casino  in the Palazzo and you should be able to spot it.
Why is it that every time I'm hung over I want some sort of noodle soup?  It must be the FOB in me.  Zine delivers with a good variety of options- wonton noodle soup, beef noodle soup, or pho.  They also have a good variety of dim sum items to choose from.  Sure, it's not the most authentic I've ever had and yes, it's quite overpriced.  But for a hung over girl just wanting a few familiar comfort foods, it definitely satisfies.
People are too hard on Zine.

First, Palazzo often times gives you a good amount off your meal if you're staying there.  Secondly, it's Vegas -- NOTHING IS AUTHENTIC. 

A little on the expensive side but the atmosphere is fantastic  and the service is pretty good. Just drink a little before dinner and enjoy yourself.

The food is all pretty good. I've only had a handful of items on the menu (roughly 5-10) but honestly was never disappointed. Of course it wasn't the best food in the world, but honestly it still is pretty damn good. 

The star is taken off for the prices. Yes, I know I mentioned you can get a good amount off but there is no reason to charge me almost 20 bucks for a bowl of pho. Seriously, no reason at all. That being said, I will go back and get the pho next time I'm there. Damn.

But seriously, you are eating a restaurant in a 5-star resort -- things are going to be overpriced. There is a Panda Express somewhere on the strip, if you don't want to pay for the experience.
What the pho?!?  $18 for a bowl of the Vietnamese soup?  I don't think so.  I'd rather drop it in the Wheel Of Fortune slot machine, thank you very much.

After a night of partying up Vegas-style...... ok fine, I meant hanging out with the 2-year old at the mermaid aquarium in the Silverton hotel..... we were looking for something to eat before heading back up to the room.  Palazzo doesn't have many no-frills restaurants in their lobby like the Venetian does, so we decided to have some quick Chinese food at Zine.  I knew it wasn't going to be cheap, but that's ok.  The service was friendly upon entering.  After we were seated, that's when I saw the price for pho.  I was thinking maybe it was served with a side of porterhouse or something.  But, no.  Guess I'll skip that.  We ended up ordering some of the Chinese noodle soups which were a little cheaper.  It was a big bowl and had a lot of noodles, meat, and veggies, but it was pretty bland.  We also ordered some dim sum which was a little bit better.

As for service, it was pretty non-existent after we ordered.   Normally, I would let it slide if they were busy, but they weren't.  I had to go to the front to ask someone to get the bill.  Even after that, it took about 5 minutes to actually get it.

Even though I am giving a 2-star rating, I would probably still come back.  Like I said, Palazzo doesn't have many no-frill restaurants and that trek to Venetian might be a little too far when I'm drunk (Jamie translation: lazy).
The food was decent, the portions are miniature. The only reason we ate here was because when we just checked in at the Palazzo, the restaurant was right there. 

Don't waste a meal here if you're visiting but if you are starved like I was, the Shanghai Rice Cakes are good.
After a few days in Vegas, comfort food is necessary. My comfort food is swedish meatballs or pho. Random, I know. On Saturday night my friend & I needed some pho. I'm sure there are legit vietnamese restaurants in the city but since we were feeling lazy and didn't want to walk very far, we came to Zine. And my ex-bf recommended it. 
I had the chicken dumpling soup & my friend had the seafood bowl, a special. Both were very good & obviously made fresh with quality ingredients, my only complaint is that the soup is a little bland but there's vinegar, soy sauce and red pepper flakes on the table so I made a concoction to spice it up. Service was good. We had the cutest older Chinese man as our waiter. He made me smile. Minus a couple of stars for the price.
My buddy and I decided on an early lunch here due to convenience (it's one of the first restaurants you see in the Palazzo as you're walking out of the elevators) and the fact that we had a 10% coupon for hotel guests.

Upon entering our conversation was something along these lines: "Have we been here before?? Looks familiar.. no.. i dont' think so.. wait yes.. wasn't this some crappy place we ended up hella years ago?? Remeber, half of our group got sick later... it was called jade, phoenix , or some other generic sounding name though...".

Despite our concerns once we realized this was the exact spot a number of years ago where we had a horrible meal we were already pot committed.  Prices are still extremely high but that's to be expected given location.  As far as I can remember , the menu didn't change, just the name of the restaurant.
   
I actually thought the dim sum and appetizers were decent, however the congee was absolutely bland and stingy with the protein.  I'm fine with paying high prices but you'd think with their margins so high they could at least fake giving you you your money's worth.
I gotta admit, this place is pricey for what you get. The food isn't even the greatest I've had but I've definitely had worse. The atmosphere is really nice though and the decor is gorgeous. Next time we go, I would give it another chance.
Not the best Chinese style food.  Service good....but food not great.  Atmosphere very trendy and nice....but it's all about the food.  If you want good Asian food....there are other places that are better.  Maybe because of decor it's okay place to grab an appetizer and drinks only with friends.
this place is okay.  I kinda thought our waiter was kinda weird, but needless to say he was very helpful in finding veggie food for us.  we ordered a few items, all of which were "okay".  The best thing we ordered is the ma po tofu dish.  it was so amazing, it prompted us to find a recipe online and make it ourselves.  we only came here because we stayed at the hotel and they gave us a $20 off of $50 coupon.  honestly, if we didn't have this...we probably wouldn't have eaten here.  we probably won't come here again.....
My husband and I were at the Palazzo, bar and restaurant hopping, trying new places.  We were also gambling and walking the casino floor.  I've never noticed Zine before so we decided to try and appetizer.  We ordered the steamed pork dumplings.   Neither of us really enjoyed the sauce the dumplings came with...we ended up making our own creation from the soy sauce, red hot sauce and vinegar on the table.  That helped but the dumplings weren't amazing. 

Other factors of Zine:  If you only speak English, you're going to notice the huge language barrier with the wait staff.  Maybe language was the issue, however, they seemed to be inexperienced and inefficient.  They never came back to check if we wanted more water or another drinks.  The appetizer took forever to come out!  I didn't love the dcor either....It looked like it was going to be way cooler from the outside than it ended up being on the inside.  Also, there is only a noodle bar, not a regular bar.  But you can order drinks at your table.

End result, I don't see us returning.
When I went to Vegas for my birthday with my family, I wanted to do a nice dinner. After checking into the Palazzo, my brother received a promo for Zine, so we decided to plan to have dinner there.

It's located right where the hotel meets the casino, so it's easily accessible. It's really nice inside too. Looks very clean. 

The food was actually really good, but I remember the portions being slightly small for what we were paying. I think my favorite was the Honey Walnut Prawns (Yummmm!). They did give me a birthday dessert with a candle :)  

I enjoyed my time at Zine Noodles Dim Sum, but I don't really see myself coming here again unless someone has a promo or something. It's a good place, but I'm sure there's even better places not too far.
Only in Vegas could you mark up a simple Pho to some outrageous price because it is claimed to be "exotic". If you live in LA you can go down the street for a 1/3 of the price and it is much more authentic.

On to the positive...The room is beautiful with its modern Asian feel. The dish you MUST get is the Pork Belly. After being repeatedly warned that the pork has fat on it, meaning usually you stupid white people send this shit back, our dish arrived. It was crispy and yes fatty in a great way. The sauce on the side which is some sort of Hoisin sauce was a perfect complement. The soups are also good but you could get the same thing at other places at half the price. You could even walk down the way to Noodle Asia to get one that is much more authentic.

I'll be back for the pork and next time I will say I had it before. Hopefully that will save a five minute discussion about fat with the waiter.
Overpriced Asian entrees, ($18+ for a bowl of pho?!) average service, and plain tasting food.  I did like their spicy wonton appetizer, and the Singapore style noodles were decent... but I don't think I would come back here again.  We only came here because my friends were staying at the Palazzo and had a coupon.  There's nothing special about this place.
We dined here because we were staying at the Palazzo.  It was a-ok, pretty pricey for a bowl of pho, but I could imagine myself eating there after a night of clubbing.  They close really late, which is good. 

Since the dishes are around $20 ea (yup, a bowl of pho is $20 here), I got something cheaper -- Wonton soup @ $12 a bowl.  I thought it was edible and I could not complain.  The iced coffee tasted like water -- they dared call it vietnamese iced coffee -- and the water tasted like chlorine.

Terrible service.  The waiter looked annoyed at us the entire time.  Sir, if you'd like the restaurant to remain in an empty state, just tell us and we'll use our $20 on alcohol instead.
Terrible service and way over-priced for so-so food. Better off with Noodle Asia at the Venetian.
I can't complain with their food or service.  Comped meals are always worth it.  Thanks Club Grazie for making me and my wife feel VIP.  Would definitely eat here again.
The best hot & sour soup!
I've fallen behind on my reviews, hence I'll keep it short and easy:
Dinner for two; place was nice and quiet, lighting was dim. It was romantic until a large group of Asian players bombarded the place...
Anyway, three dishes: peppered beef(the bf loved it he couldn't stop raving about it), panfried noodles with shrimp(eh, pretty standard, sure not worth the $ we spent on it), grilled sea bass(I died and went to fish heaven? It was divine). 
I think the most expensive item was the fish; overall cost was almost 80 bucks but luckily they gave us a 25% discount with a local id. And service was excellent as well.
5 stars just for the Crispy Fried Tofu. 8 pieces for $8.00. Only fried tofu that's lightly battered (similar to a tempura batter but lighter) and melts in your mouth. I don't care for the normal rubber dried out fried tofu everyone serves. But...this is the only place I've found that makes fried tofu like this. I eat here at least twice while in Vegas just for the crispy tofu. Other notable mentions are the shrimp fried rice and dim sum.
This place has excellent food.  You have to ignore the prices - remember you're in the Palazzo in Vegas right? Not off the strip at some corner chinese take-out joint.  The scallion pancakes are fantastic - almost as good as the street carts in Taipei! Delicious and crispy.  The beef noodle soup has the perfect tasting broth.  Even the americanized dishes were excellent - the walnut shrimp - divine.  And yes - that is mayonnaise.  The only thing I would def stay away from is the xiao long bao - the steamed soup dumplings.  They didn't taste quite right, and the broth had leaked out of all the dumpling by the time they arrived.  But everything else I've tried there is excellent.  I've dined here at least 10 times on different trips over the years.
I was in Vegas for a conference, and partying like a rock star every free moment. Later in the week, I was desiring comfort food. I found Tine Noodles Dim Sum, and was very happy. As some reviewers have said, it costs more than your Chinese food back home, but come on everyone look at the location.

I ate chicken fried rice, added my own soy sauce, and drank a few beers. I finished with the mango pudding. It was delicious!!  With tax and tip, it was $45. Not bad for being in one of the swankiest casinos on the Strip---The Palazzo. I give it 4 stars at least. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll try it again and eat something different. I'll update my review after that. Oh yeah, inside looks very nice, so good for a hot date!!! And, it's cheaper than other restaurants in that town.
I love this place but wish it had a bigger menu.  The noodle soups are outstanding.  The service is outstanding here.  The best dishes are not the dim sum although they are very good.  This is a great place for a more intimate meal.
Somehow we always find ourselves ending our Vegas trip with a bowl of noodle soup.  We usually go to Noodle Asia at the Venetian but when we got there, we discovered that Noodle Asia became Emeril Lagasse's Stadium!  Eek!  We were told that the nearest noodle place was at the Palazzo, so we hopped on over.  

All of the yelp reviews of this place are true - A bowl of pho IS $18.  Only a Vegas restaurant can get away with that.  So of course we didn't order that.  We got the next best thing - shrimp and pork dumplings noodle soup for $13.   Much more reasonable than the pho.

We both ordered the shrimp and pork dumplings noodle soup.  The broth tasted like canned chicken broth, but the dumplings made up for it.  The dumplings tasted like shu mai dim sum you would find in downtown chinatown.  It was actually really good.  They're also really generous with the quantity.  3 stars for decent tasting noodle soup!
We were skeptical about this place when we walked in. We had to walk out and walk back in just to make sure it was a place we wanted to eat. The restaurant was a upscale high end chinese place. We order some dim sum items, roasted duck, and noodles. It was way over price but it's vegas for you.
I would have given Zine 5 stars, but their outrageously high prices for the congee and pho knocked them down 1 star.

However, we have always enjoyed their food and attentive and courteous service.  And, based on our experience, all of the servers speak English fairly well (despite what some other Yelpers wrote).

I especially liked their Braised Pork Belly.  The crispy skin is addictive and there is really not that much fat.

Their Soy Sauce Chicken is also delicious!  The meat is tender and flavorful.

I also enjoyed their Pig Knuckle Noodle Soup.  The knuckle was tender and paired well with the flavorful broth and noodles.

Zine is a great place to enjoy a quiet dinner, but make sure you bring a credit card with a high limit!
Definitely not serving the hotel quality standard foods but located in the palazzo hotel. We stayed at Venetian, and got the coupon from the hotel, so we decided to try as we don't want to go too far with carrying my 18 months old's son. I would say the dim sum from Chinatown has better quality.
There's something about Vegas that makes me crave dumplings. Possibly, its the partying...the alcohol that makes me crave yummy, warm comfort food. I was excited to check this place out on my last visit but that's about as far as it goes. 

My friends and I ordered the Pho, Braised Pork Belly,  BBQ Pork, pork dumplings and other dim sum items. I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have dim sum carts floating about but the food was fairly tasty. I expected so much more from Zine and wish that it knocked my socks off. I would've loved for this to be my go-to spot for dim sum in Vegas but alas my hunt still continues....It was fairly affordable and the service was so-so. Not the worst choice if you are in the Palazzo but there are definitely better spots on the strip.
Something about high end Dim Sum bothers me... I mean... There was nothing wrong with the food, but... I just can't appreciate white-gloved service when I'm eating Dim Sum... That shit should be loud, obnoxious, and the service should be rude...

The food was fine, and the service was terrific... It's just not what I'm used to, so I feel like I was robbed of the Dim Sum experience.
Ugh.

The only reason why I went is because co-workers wanted to go.  While I understand the concept of fine dining high-end Asian food, ...wait, no.  I don't understand it at all.  Other than trying to make money off non-Asian people who like kung pao chicken and have enough to pay $20 for a $5 bowl of pho, I can't see why anyone would go back.

Needless to say, the ambiance was okay.  The menu had WAY too many items, making you question-- what is it that they specialize in?  Well, not the wonton soup.  It was quite bland.  I got the spicy filet mignon noodle soup.  While it was good and the beef was tender, it's nothing I would come back for.
Date/Time:  Saturday - 1:30pm
Occasion:   Lunch
Party of:  Two
Ordered:  American ginseng with chicken soup, minced beef over rice + egg, satay oxtail and tendon noodle soup, lychee iced drink
Total incl gratuity: $120

Yes, you read right. $120 for two people for Chinese food.  Is it over-priced. Extraordinarily!  Is it worth it?  Absolutely.  After a long night of party hopping from LAVO, to Marquee, to Tao, being seated in a quiet booth in the corner and lunching on Chinese is the way to go.

The American ginseng is amazing.  There is a word in Chinese that describes the effect this soup has and I'm not sure if I'm translating it properly, however, drinking this soup really provides a "healing" effect especially after what we put our bodies through in Vegas (8+ hours of 5 inch heels, taking in second-hand smoke...you get the idea).  The bowl is small and runs you $20 for one, although it is SO good.  I was skeptical of the minced beef initially.  It is a dish normally not ordered by the typical Asian person.  It turned out to be generous in portion and very tasty.  The raw egg is stirred into the saucy beef mixture and tossed with the rice.  It is served piping hot in order to cook the egg.  I don't think this dish is on the menu so it must be special ordered.  Finally, the oxtail and tendon soup is good in small doses but a little overwhelming when you're eating a large bowl of it.  This is dish you'll want to share amongst two to three people.  Oxtail is meaty and the satay flavor is strong.

We enjoyed ourselves so much at Zine, we came here both days for lunch! Although steep in price, I think Zine makes for an excellent choice for good Chinese food inside a hotel.
Met some friends for lunch here today.  Never been.  The restaurant was very nice, and excellent service.  I had to try the pho.  Can't say it was the best pho I've ever had...or even in the top 3, but it was still very good.  They get the 4th star for making sure the tendon was very tender.  I usually rate any pho place by that standard.  My lunchmates had some really delicious looking dishes and were pretty happy.

If at Palazzo, I'd definitely revisit this one.
Ugh, I was so annoyed of eating all Chinese food when I came to Vegas with my mom and her friends.  I was not too happy about eating dim sum at the Palazzo (where we stayed) since I wanted to try out the new Wicked Spoon buffet.  

Surprisingly, their food is not too bad and I was glad I got to try it.  I think I have to give Vegas's Asian food the benefit of the doubt.  I always have doubts that they won't taste as good as what I'm expecting.  

We ordered a lot of food, with pot stickers to start it off! They were reallllly good, which was served with a really special sauce on the side.   Ordered noodles and other soups and they were all really good.  Highly recommend coming here if you don't want to go out for dim sum.
It's very rare that you find good, authentic Chinese food anywhere but Chinatown or in your own home (if you have asian parents!). But, Zine really has the taste of authenticity, an amazing atmosphere, and lots of choices for food. I am obsessed with their spring rolls and their braised tofu.

Go!
If it's possible to give a negetive rating, I will give to ZINE!
Very slow and bad service, and even not much people there to eat, they can't handle their work as well! Can you image in the place like this they still charge you 18%service fee and 10$extra for the gratuity! And Tax. That means even you get 20$off from 50, they will still charge you 50. 
Forget about the price, let's talk about the food. I ordered the bao zi, but it's all not fresh. The three cup sauce chicken is the most expensive one, but it's fried! But doesn't say it on the menu! The dessert is the worst part, can't image how they made but it's not right. Not rich enough. Just like water.

My suggest is never go there any more.
Overall the food was pretty good.  I went relatively late for dinner, so the lines were pretty low, and my meal was cheap, but that is only because of casino comps. If it weren't for the comps, I probably would have given them 3 stars, because they seemed a little on the pricey side. The service was good, pretty quick and decent for the crowd. The portions were appropriate; I  did not leave hungry. The food was flavorful. I recommend getting a soup, because they are huge, easily big enough to be shared amongst 2-3 people, and they are delicious.
Mixed feelings about this place...everything was good, but not spectacular. Maybe I'm spoiled by all the fabulous cheap dim sum in San Francisco. Seafood and garlic fried rice was delicious, but I fundamentally have an issue with paying $17+ for fried rice.

Shanghai dumplings were good, har gow was good, BBQ pork buns were tasty. Onion pancake was underwhelming, wouldn't order that again.
Had the mochi for dessert - chocolate, mango, and strawberry. Yum yum!

The service was excellent. Wait staff was very attentive and everyone was helpful and very thoughtful. Decor was nice and we had a pleasant meal.
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
Yeah, they know, yeah...at ZINE NOODLES! - Drake (headlines)

I understand that you are overpaying for chinese food. I want to point out that if you want authentic chinese food that will make you feel comfortable when you are in vegas, its worth it. The restaurant itself has a nice decor, the people working there have an asian accent, (which is a good thing cuz it means they are legit) and its pretty quiet as well. I ordered the beef chow fun which is a safe and easy choice and it tasted good. It's a fine meal in vegas, easy in and easy out, no problems.

Food: 3.5 stars --- Service: 3.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
What's up with people giving this place and Red 8 three stars?  I'm giving this four stars because the chef makes good fried rice and noodles.  Yes like Red 8 it is pricey but the food is better than restaurants in the Bay Area.  The yang zhou fried rice is authentic, no carrots or green peas in there.  The waiter said the chef is from Hong Kong which gives them some credibility.  In addition, if you stay at the Palazzo, you get discounts for eating here.  I'm not saying this is great, great food but it's on the strip in a hotel and the food is better than most restaurants and that is why it gets four stars.
The BF and I wanted some delicious Chinese style seafood and Zine delivered far better than the rest. A odd choice for a Valentines for most, but makes perfect sense to us. 

Yes, yes, it is pricey for Chinese food, a cuisine people are used to getting at dirt cheap prices. This isn't your neighborhood takeout, it is a very nice ambiance on a four diamond property. If you want to be a lazy tourist and you only like the white boy special (aka fried rice) and paid $15 then that's on you. However, on some of the authentic dishes this place shines and is worth getting.

We got: 

Pan Seared Scallop in Szechuan Pepper Sauce - this was decent and plentiful. The sauce was sweet, spicy and pungent and I liked the fried basil leaves on the side to accompany it. I will say it was slightly overcooked for me though. They slice it in half and that makes for easier sharing, but could have been the problem. 

Curry Dungeness Crab - these are market price which was $68 at the time we went. I felt a bit odd and ghetto picking up saucy legs and cracking, sucking and biting on them, but once I past my OCD line it was really good and kinda fun. The crab is one of the sweetest and freshest I've had in a long while. The curry sauce was very flavorful and not like a curry I've had before really. Kinda like a cross between sweet Japanese curry and a yellow Indonesian curry. 

Baked Sea Bass- if you go here, this is what to order.  It is baked with a miso teriyaki glaze and had a great caramelized char outside and inside was flaky, juicy and perfectly cooked. It came on a bed of tofu, beech mushrooms, zucchini and whole soft garlic in a tangy soy sauce. You had me at whole garlic cloves, but all the accompaniments were great with the fish. This is true seafood comfort food. 

I've thought about this dish after so it is worth $32. Roy's restaurant comes to mind for me and the type of food served there...this is on that vein, but would rather come for this dish here than one similar there. Also, you get more fish here. Chilean sea bass ain't cheap even from the store and there was 3 little fillets in our serving. 

Service here is very attentive. Someone kept coming to fill drinks and we never went empty.  He came to take away plates of crab shells and even replaced our plates in between courses and if it just gets dirty or messy. It reminds me of the service you get in Hong Kong, everyone speaks various Chinese dialects so I see why a lot of Chinese guests come here. 

Coming back to the sea bass. I have eyes for nothing else here.
Me and four of my friends went here last Saturday night. The service was awesome and the food was very memorable in a great way. The place is pricey but not too bad for a great Vegas meal. The only thing that really really bugs me about the place is there is NO bathroom! You have to walk out into The Palazzo casino floor and then another 100 yards or so. Unacceptable. Plus on the receipt it reads "18% gratuity for 6 people or more parties" which I'm fine with. But they charged us that for 5 people. That bugged me. But that bathroom situation is way more critical and needs to be changed asap. After all this will I go back? YES! The food and service is spectacular but Zine will not get five stars out of me until they get a bathroom.
Vegas Hotel prices but really well-prepared and interesting dishes with attentive service.  Waitstaff willing to spend time with you and help you pick a few items. The chili steamed chicken wontons were excellent as was the chicken chow fun and the chili pan fried scallops.
My friend and I came here for lunch, ordered a Xiao Long Bao and Beef Chow Fun (the dry style). The beef chow fun was okay. The Xiao Long Bao wasn't good. Its skin was too thick that I couldn't pass it to be Xiao Long Bao, it's just a regular dumpling with thick skin. So that was disappointing. The taste was okay, not considered bad, just the skin was too thick that it shouldn't be called Xiao Long Bao.

 At the end, the server also messed up our check. He gave us a check that is not ours. If we were dumb enough not to look before paying, we would have paid more than what we had actually eaten. The server made a mistake and gave us a check of another table, and the wrong check contained more expensive items than what we ordered. 

I might go back to give them another chance and try some other menu items, since the beef chow fun was okay (at least better than Chinatown), but Zine won't be at the top of my list. And I won't order the Xiao Long Bao again, I already found that I can get better Xiao Long Bao in another hotel on the strip. Just be very careful before paying your check, to make sure they bring you the right one.
Decent Xiao Long Bao and Hakow!!! A little too expensive for what it is, but it is convenient to get food here eater than eating Chinese food in China Town
It's hard to find vegetarian options in Las Vegas, especially in this part of the strip!  While almost every restaurant in the area will come up in a "vegetarian" search, few have actually thought out a vegetarian menu.  Zine actually has vegetarian options listed right on the menu.

Service was excellent, and the food was amazing!  I had the pan fried noodles with vegetables and it was so good I almost ordered another.  I will certainly come here again if I'm ever forced to go to Vegas again.
The wait staff seemed stuffy! The waiter could not even crack a smile! Customer service was almost non existent only having 2 parties (including us!) 
They didn't have fresh spring rolls...a real negative in my eyes! My party and I were really looking fwd to them! They charged me $8.00 for 3 glasses of water! 
I Yelped another spot for Pho....and left!  
We were so happy that we didn't eat here!
I generally love this place, but our last visit was lackluster.  My favorite dish is the spicy oxtail noodle soup.  Satay flavored soup, ox tail chunks, and even beef tendon.  Thick, spicy and unique.  The rest of the dishes were just meh. We ordered a crab dish (yes, expensive) and it tasted like it was cooked in ketchup.  So, lots of misses our last visit.  Will have to give it another try and make a final decision whether its worth it to use up stomach space during Vegas food run.
Pan Fried Noodles ~ nom nom nom
Came here for lunch with girlfriends and very good!
Can't wait to go again :)
Hubby and I went to Vegas over the weekend and I wanted him to try this place.  Met with friends for lunch.  
Our table ordered:  Appetizer Sampler, Seafood Pan Fried Noodles, Combination Fried Rice, Steak in pepper sauce, and Lemon Chicken and EVERYTHING was deelish!!!
We got a bottle of the flavored sake the white peach and SO GOOD!
Came here with a large group of coworkers and
business contacts. Company was footing the bill
so no complaints about prices as I wasn't worrying
about that. LOL. Nice looking restaurant on the
first floor of the Palazzo right as you enter from
the walkway connecting to the Venetian. 
  We started off with a number of appetizers which
were all pretty standard I must say. The Tsingtao
was flowing so I wasn't too caught up in the quality
of the appetizers. I was with a pretty much white
bread crowd so we didn't order anything weird like 
the Jellyfish or Chicken feet but stuck to safe items 
like spring rolls, pot stickers, pork dumplings.
  For the main course, I ordered the Singapore style
curry rice vermicelli. This was actually pretty good -
definitely spicy to my liking and not watered down
spicy (safe for the Gwai Lo type) Chinese food. I
would come back here. Or rather, if there's another
company function like this at Vegas, I would recommend
this place. :) A number of my dinner companions ordered
clay pot items but none of them came in actual clay pots
but instead in some metal containers. Oh well... Forget it, 
Jake. It's Vegas not Chinatown!
Me and two friends in town visiting looking for place too eat after watching the basketball game. Thank U Yelp!. Better way too learn about the restaurants in the Palazzo. We ended up going with some Pho at Zin Noodles.

It was first time at Zin Noodles. Course I was going too have heart attack thinking going too pay $18-20 bowl of Pho. It the strip so expect too pay those kinds of prices. The pho had was spicy thai (so sorry not sure exact name but it thai spicy one/ Lol!). I really enjoyed! The broth was for me always the measurement of any Pho. I was tasty with body for flavor and could taste that thai or spicy kick too the broth. I normally put shiraca in my broth but with this one no need. I did put bean sprouts and thai basil tradition. Pho prefect dish after drinking helps settle the stomach.

We order couple appetizers pot stickers, pork su mai, and steam bun with pork. I loved all the appetizers! The pork su mai especially stood out for me. The filling was awesome. It had lot of depth of flavor besides the ground pork. It nice moist on the inside and steamed perfect on outside. I loved the steam containers dim sum style they served both the pork and steamed bun in! 

Overall kind of shocked it had three star rating feel like it deserves four star. It nothing that blow your mind food wise. Everything we had was good, had lot of flavors, and enjoyed every bit. If you have urge for Pho once the strip one place would recommend.
The food is good, but the portions are extremely small, especially for the price. The same food could be found a couple blocks away in Chinatown for a third of the price and twice the portion size.  We ordered soup for $10, thinking that it came in a large bowl typical of Chinese restaurants, but it turned out to be only a cup.  We also ordered duck for $16 thinking that it would be a dish enough for one person, but it turned out to be only a small plate the size of an appetizer with a few pieces of duck.  The only reason why this restaurant exists is because it is a novelty in the area.  In other words the food is decent, but the value is terrible.  Also, the service was mediocre.
Just a so-so dim sum eatery.  Small selections of what is actually dim sum  and even at happy hour prices not priced well at all.  Lots of other choices on the menu, but if you are going to call yourself a dim sum place have dim sun.  The Bao buns were miniature, shumai (?spelling) was on the cool side and a bit dry.  They didn't mess up the shrimp.  Clean and fairly efficient wait staff; only one spoke broken English making them seem standoffish.  Won't go back.
This is authentic Cantonese style dim sum!  Yes, there are only a few dim sum items (hence 4 instead of 5 stars), it's pricey, but it's on the strip and the food is that good.  We had the appetizer sampler, added haka (spelled wrong I know), the seafood chow mein and the prawns with honey glazed walnuts, for dessert we shared the mango pudding.  These were all dishes I'm very familiar with, having worked in the San Gabriel Valley forever my Chinese clients introduced me to these dishes many years ago, have had these dishes in too many restaurants to count LOL!  The chef knows what he's doing!  I'd like to return to try the other dishes I'm not as familiar with.
The usual Chinese in a casino. Overpriced, okay food.  The service is definitely better than most.  I will return, though, for the spicy vietnamese noodle soups. The broth was delicious.  Two choices, either oxtail and tendon (more fatty and gelatinous) or beef (they say filet on menu, but it is standard pho beef).  Appetizer sampler is a total ripoff.  I could buy the same from the local asian market and heat up in a microwave for the same results.
We ate there with a group of 4 and after reading some reviews on Yelp i tried the Baked Chilean Sea Bass which was really tender and lovely although a bit pricey at $30+ for chinese.  Probably the best thing of all our choices. We also had the beef chow fun  $16 which was good if you like lots of beanshoots (I do). Sweet and Sour pork, seafood fried rice and mongolian beef were good too. Prawn dumplings for entree was average. Service was efficient for an asian restaurant. Is it good for the price? I'm unsure.. But it was at the Venetian so just expect things to be above average in price
Was looking up a place inside the Venetian or Palazzo to grab dinner with people. We ended up at Zine, where the food is decent and the price is affordable.

I ordered the Shrimp and Pork Dumpling Noodle Soup. Overall, it wasn't a bad dish. The noodles, shrimp, and pork dumplings were all cooked well. I though the soup lacked in flavor though. If you prefer a simple, light dish, then this noodle soup is a good choice. The dish was around $15, which is a bit steep, but the portion size was pretty big.

Service wasn't bad. The entire staff was friendly, but I'm not sure if they were just being attentive since we were pretty much the only ones there.

I liked the decor of this place. It looks fancy but doesn't cost too much to eat here (considering it's Vegas).
Lovely place, great service an delicious food.
Pork dumplings were not very fresh or good. Spring rolls were mushy and not good either.  Shrimp tempura were undercooked as the batter was still raw inside. I just realized that it all tastes like crap off a cheap(bad) Chinese buffet. ( there are a few decent cheaper ones) Actually, I can point you to several buffets in Memphis TN that that have better food. "The food was one star but the atmosphere and service were good so I gave two stars". I wrote that at the restaurant but now that I think about it you really can't have good service if they are putting out food this bad.  I don't understand putting all the money in a nice space and then having way sub par food. Overpriced even at happy hour two for one.  Skip this place.
This restaurant kind of reminds me of those sporting events where one team sounds great on paper. We have an idea what should happen, statistically, but the game must still be played. Low and behold, the underdog wins while surprise and disappointment sets in for most of the crowd.

Well, that's this place. It sounds great on paper (menu), but reality says otherwise (dining experience).

For this particular trip, The Fam tried the following:
*braised eggplant and roasted duck
*king seafood vietnamese noodle soup
*thai ice tea (drink)
*tropical fantasy (drink)

The thai ice tea was *extremely* watered down, sad because it had hints of good flavor. It was already mixed, and that already chapped my hide (I like to mix it). The tropical fantasy was decent, but not very strong. The roasted duck was drenched in entirely too much sauce, which is sad because the duck meat and veggies were cooked well. The noodle soup had fresh tasting king crab, but the noodles were too long, making them difficult to grab and eat. Lots of noodle dropping and shirt staining occurred, further adding to my annoyed chapped hide. They should've been cut into smaller pieces. Let's not forget, this is Las Vegas, so the items are overpriced!

At this point in time, although the staff was very nice and attentive, my experience was ruined. All I could think and say was "check please".

Honestly, the meat and veggies are good (3-4 stars), but the entire package just didn't work well. Take your chances, just don't be surprised if your experience ends up like mine.
Beef chow fun was super delish! Was it worth the 16 bucks? Probably not, but it's Vegas!
We were there for a late lunch, so it was pretty quiet. 
The staff was attentive and very friendly. 
Nice little spot
We went to this place on 9/14/2012. We order one noodle (17.95) and steam rice with duck (17.95). After we paid with my card. Next day I check my card and they over charge us $8 more. We added tip so with tip the check came out to around $45 but I just check my account and its charge $52.  Watch out if your going to this place and check your card very carefully and keep your receipt. Serivce and sitting are very bad. There were like 5 table with customers so it was very empty. But they put us in the way back corner. At these prices we aren't just paying for the food but for service and what they did with the overcharge its scam. Watch out when you pay with your card, keep your receipt and check your account next day.

I would never go back. They lost us as customer.
Terrible service. Forgot orders, food was definitely not worth the price ( although it was in the casino ). Good thing work paid for this because I would've left a negative tip.
low quality and pretty expensive, dont go.
There are many places to get ripped off at in Vegas, but this one rips you off AND leaves you hungry and dissatisfied.  Their "clay pot" braised chicken in wine sauce sounded great, but it came out in a metal bowl and tasted exactly like Panda Express orange chicken. The bok choy in fish stock wasn't too bad, but the fish balls that came with it were gross. Go to Noodles in Bellagio instead...please.

Shame on you, Simon To.
This restaurant has to be one of the worst Asian restaurants anywhere. The food has no flavor and the restaurant has no ambience at all. I expect to spend more in Vegas but $25 for Kung Pao Chicken that with no taste at all is ridiculous. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Stay Away!
Pathetic, especially when the concierge says its "one of the top 10 Chinese restaurants in the nation".  

The food, even if at half the price, would be considered uninspiring.  The service was just as bad .. but at least it was expensive.  $100 for three bad meals.

Do not eat here, it's worse than bad, it's boring and expensive.  You can pay the same amount and eat at Nobu and have a much better experience.
Overly priced Chinese food. Service was high end which was way better than your typical hole in a wall Chinese restaurant. It's just the food was so mediocre even the hole in a wall places are much better. I mean really $17 for a bowl of pho? I don't think so. I will not come back for sure.
Spicy pho with ox tail and tendon. 
The broth is gorgeous. 
The oxtail/tendon spot on
Noodles over done :(

Being picky? For a $20 bowl of pho, absolutely.
Ya, just ok.  I expected better.  food was limited in choices, but tasted good.  Wouldn't recommend it if you want a "Vegas" experience, pretty bland.
Horrible!!! Worst dim sum and noodles ever!!! The chef has no passion. This place needs to be on restaurant impossible
Braised Eggplant with Roasted Duck & Mongolian Beef were both superb dinner entrees. I give it 3 stars for pricing. You can receive similar quality food down the street in Chinatown or at PF Chang's for 1/2 the price. However, if you're staying at Palazzo - it's so convenient to just dine here and the service is very prompt and the environment is super clean and modern.
Worst restaurant I've been to in Vegas.  The service was horrible - waiter never bothered to check in on us until 90 minutes into the meal, when he asked if we wanted anything else.  At that point we reminded him that we never got a number of the dished we ordered (which we promptly cancelled).
The food was sub par as well. I've had better dim sum from frozen Trader Joes than what they served here.
And they stuck us with a mandatory tip for having a party of 5. Absolutely  nothing positive about the experience.
I've been to this restaurant about three times. I enjoy eclectic food, but the food here is just plain weird. Las Vegas has so many incredible restaurants that I wonder how this one stays in business. Oh, and it wasn't busy when we went there rather than waiting in an impossibly long line at another restaurant on the same property.
Zion Noodle Dim Sum

Well I will tell you this place is pricey, and the food is horrible. Worst Dim Sum I ever had.  I'm not sure if I can even call that Dim Sum. When you first walk in the restaurant dcor is beautiful. Very fancy, Customer service is ok. I went there with my boyfriend we order a Pho and a few dim sum plates. The Pho was so plain, no flavor at all. The few Dim Sum Dishes we order they taste frozen. It felt like the chef wasn't even trying, made me wonder if they ever heard of "salt and pepper" before? Once we got the bill, I was so shock we had to pay that much for frozen and taste less meal ever. I would not expect a restaurant like this to be at the Palazzo.  I will give this restaurant 0 start for the food and 1 for dcor.  I will never ever eat there again. I wouldn't advice any one to eat there either .
Came here for dim sum. It was really good! Pricier than usual, but hello, it's Vegas ;-) I would definitely return.
Service was excellent. I only got the walnut shrimp and brown rice and started with the hot and sour soup. Very tasty. Green tea was so soothing. Would go again.
Since I come here fairly often, I figured a running list of dishes would be the most help I can give. This place is consistent with food, but I understand the price has really scared off people. That's the thing with Chinese food is that often times even if it's cooked well done, we have a mentality it is "cheap food" and again, this is a expensive casino and is a nice dining place and it's not like their prices aren't posted on online menus. Some dishes are not worth getting at the price they need to charge to be inside a expensive casino property but some are fantastic. If the basics or Americanized favorites are what you want or you are rather frugal of a traveler then do yourself a favor and go up Spring Mtn for half the price. Otherwise, if you like a nice ambiance and nice quality over thrift then read on. 

I guess this review is gonna be the most useful for tourists than locals. Granted I get special hookups of sorts now which makes it more affordable for me but even so I would pay for my favorite sea bass fish dish at full price. 

One way to get savings is they actually have a Happy Hour! It's half off all the appetizers (you can see menu online)  and beers! It's 3pm-6pm Mon-Fri, and 10pm-1am Sun- Thurs. They also do lunch specials Mon-Fri until 3pm for $15 which is a soup, entree, and mochi ice cream. 

Best dish - baked Chilean Sea Bass. It's a rather good portion for the $32 that is shareable, 2-3 filets of fish. It's baked in a sweetish glaze and on a bed of zucchini, tofu, whole roasted garlic, mushrooms in a light sweet and tangy sauce. Its one of my favorite fish dishes ever.

Best surprise- the pho. It actually is some of the best pho I've had as the ingredients are top notch fresh but the broth balance is lovely. It is double the price, but if you're going to pick having pho here or at that place in TI and don't want to go up to Spring Mtn to get off strip prices, just come here instead as this one is rather good. 

Other stuff I've tried: 

Crispy pan fried noodles - Had it with various toppings but my favorite was the seafood one. Really good, fresh and plentiful with seafood. Other meats are good too, but it's standard. 

E-fu w/ crab - one of my favorites. E-fu is a soft braised noodle and is every bit my comfort food Chinese dish. I loved e-fu as a child and still do. The crab in this is fresh and the portion is hard to finish. I order this very often.

Rice vermicelli noodle with shredded duck and pickled cabbage - I like this as well, better if you ask for some hot mustard to mix into as it adds the right amount of omph to it. It is a subtle dish and normally not a fan of vermicelli (except pho) but I love the sauce that is in this and the combo of pickled cabbage in it. This is also something we order a lot. 

Curry Crab- really messy, but a awesome tangy and fragrant curry. It probably takes away from the dish a bit to do the curry on the side, but seriously was hard to crack shells covered in sauce no matter how delicious it was. 

Seared Scallop with Schzuan Pepper Sauce- the sauce is good and they do give you plentiful big scallops but they were cut in half thinner and well cooked which I don't prefer so I haven't ordered again. I may ask whole piece and not well done. 

Shredded Pork and Thousand Year Congee- pretty good congee. I know thats a very plain and subtle thing, but a sign is it didn't really need soy in it. It was well seasoned on its own. 

Yang Chow Fried Rice - it's bb pork and shrimp fried rice. Pretty good and flavorful, no need for any seasoning, except I do love hot sauce on my rice. 

Cha Gio- they were decent viet style egg rolls, but not my favorite. Also I was missing the plentiful herbs, It just came with lettuce and nuoc nam. 

Macau style pork belly- the portion isn't very huge, but it's perfectly cooked. Crispy skin, melty fat and juicy meat. 

Spicy Chili Wonton - nice fresh made wontons in spicy oil and sauce. Pretty good as far as dim sum go. 
Spring Onion Pancake- theirs is good, crisp and comes piping hot fresh. 
Black bean sauce pork ribs - one of my favorite dimsum and theirs here is really tender. 
Shrimp har gao- good, but standard. Same goes for the Shumai. 

Red bean pastry with vanilla ice cream - it's basically like spring onion pancakes except with red bean instead. A pretty good dessert with a bit of vanilla and chocolate sauce. 

Service here has never been bad, it's always in a acceptable range of good to really good depending on who we get. There's a few people we prefer having, that has been here a while and are ninja intuitive with diners needs. 

I'll keep adding to this list as I dine here.
Very disappointing. I had the Singapore Style Chili Crab at market price of $68. It was not remotely like the Chili Crab that is common fare in Singapore. Actually it was an insult to call it Singapore style. First it was extremely sweet to cater to the uninitiated American palate. The crab was okay but the sauce was TERRIBLE. I pointed this out to the wait staff only to receive a disinterested shrug. Well you cannot win 'em all. The hot and sour soup was equally sub par. $115 later I was not only disappointed but pissed off. If you are looking for real Chinese fare, stay away.
Two stars for outrageous price, 3 stars for quality of food.

If you have had real and inexpensive Chinese food, it will be very hard for you to justify a meal here. We came here only because 1) it was open late; 2) we needed soup for sick fianc.

Didn't order any dim sum because at $6+ for 4 hor gao, it seemed like highway robbery. I had the Mabo tofu--tasted just like the packaged kind I buy for $2. This was $15, plus $3 for steamed rice. Fianc got noodle soup--nothing we haven't had before that was not only cheaper but better.

Maybe if you are into PF Changs kind of Chinese food you should try this place. $50 for two people is cray cray. That would feed 4 people easily at a real Chinese restaurant! I realize this is Vegas and everything is expensive but for some reason, I have a harder time justifying paying this much for Chinese food because it is usually so cheap.
Prices are ridiculous and the food is mediocre.

Save your duckets ($$$$) for China Town where you can get 2-3 dishes for the price of one dish here and have the flavor smack you and your fellow diners.
Definitely would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The food is overly priced, food is not that good, and the service is slow at best. I do not know why anyone would want to come to this restaurant often or how they could afford it. It is not even really a Dim Sum restaurant, more of an eclectic group of Asian foods. 

The restaurant is located right next to the casino area in the Palazzo. The decor is nice, menu seems nice, but then that is about it. I would recommend anyone wanting Dim Sum to go else where.  There are a few great places located off strip if you are adventurous. Either way, don't go here.
very expensive mediocre chinese food. also...not sure where the dim sum fits in. was that even an option on the menu? please read all of the other 1-2 star reviews on here before throwing your money away at this place. you can get much better food + wait staff elsewhere.
I thought the menu was looking pricey but the girl out front gave me a $30 gift card off a $60 dinner. The hot and sour soup was just right. Chicken feet dim sum a win and the watermelon juice drink was pure watermelon! Refreshing! The bill totaled $120 and the girl gave me another coupon! $60 yummy and fed the family! I'm a fan!
Apparently I don't learn my own lesson and ordered the lychee drink again,  I'm just  a sucker for these drinks.

Dish wise:
Scallops + no texture
Beef chow fun ++ of the dishes pretty good
Kung pao chicken - aside from spice, not much taste
Shrimp fried rice - plain
Bbq pork - dry
My go-to lunch spot!

I ABSOLUTELY love their beef noodle soup! Huge portion, right amount of spice, and ALOT of meat & tendon.. I can eat this everyday here, it's the best in town in my opinion.

I also like their:
-Chicken feet: extra tender
-Soup Dumpling: decent, not enough soup
-Thousand year egg porridge
-Wonton noodle soup: typical
-Hainan Chicken
-Hot and Sour Soup
ok...we have family in town staying at the Palazzo so of course a meal at Zine was a gimme. though pricey...the food was delicious! started out with the wor wonton soup then came honey glazed walnut shrimp, pepper crusted beef tenderloin, fried rice w/shrimp & pork and sweet & sour pork...the portions were perfect...there was no take home tonight...it was all good. the place had a decent crowd for a saturday nite but we were a party of 5 without reservations and were seated within 5 minutes. 

highly recommend!
**Summary**
       - Ambiance - This is a fancy Chinese restaurant. Plain and simple.
       - Value - You're not really getting value from this place. All the dishes are about twice as expensive as your normal Chinese restaurant with only a little better quality. You're pretty much paying to eat at the Palazzo.
**Ordered**
       - $10.50 Chilled Jelly Fish - Your standard Jelly Fish appetizer. Portion and quality wise, it's standard (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=ag2_JZA1cw80fMH4y1jGSQ#ag2_JZA1cw80fMH4y1jGSQ).
       - $19.80 Ma Po Tofu - A decent amount of Tofu with bits of ground meat to keep it filling. It goes great over rice.
       - $32.00 BBQ Combo - You get 3 choices and we got the duck, pork, and cold chicken. Everything seemed a little higher quality than you'd get at a normal Chinese restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg#6HIB5tmvQ-dpQfprj4v2Tg).
       - $18.80 Fu Chow Fried Rice - If I ever come back, it's because of this dish. The concoction of seafood, creamy sauce, and egg over the fried rice is probably one of the best things I've ever tasted. This is a must try (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=IGBA0jtvRQh4RUAdy3nGKA#IGBA0jtvRQh4RUAdy3nGKA)
       - $6.80 Mango Pudding - The dessert was sweet, but not too sweet. They pour this sweet milk over the pudding. It's a very lite and delicious dessert (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zine-noodles-dim-sum-las-vegas?select=48iUdH1NvIDOHxjYjFRgwg#48iUdH1NvIDOHxjYjFRgwg).
**Recommendations**
       - I wouldn't really recommend this place when I know you can get the same food for half the price.
Place is terrible
We had dinner there tonight. It is extremely quiet for a casino restaurant . The service was very great. I had the appetizer sampler plate and my husband, Mike had the stir fried with shrimp and crispy garlic. He had cold tea and I had hot tea. Clean environment. Fantastic, clean-tasting, crisp food, not oily and overly salty.

Definitely recommend!
We were looking for a place that wouldn't gauge our pocket books. You pay for way more then you get in vegas. So we found zine, which was a little high priced, but we all got pho and it was really, really good. The servings were filling as well. Our water Phillip was really great and the ambiance was nice and relaxing
Not very pleased with our experience. Duck tasted good, but delivery was poor. We received the duck and 5 minutes later we received our rice. Would not recommend or come to this location again.
This is a fusion Asian restaurant!!!  They offer Vietnamese, Hong Kong, and Chinese food.  The price is higher than any normal Chinese restaurant but be smart and come during happy hours or use local discounts which is 25% off.  Also try to see if the casino offer discounts. 
I highly recommend their signature dish Sate Pho with Ox tail.  If you don't like Ox tail you can request filet mignon.  We are local so the price doesn't matter for us much. 
Beautiful Ambience and the noise level are comfortable.
Very upscale Asian fusion place.  Food is very tasty but the serving sizes are small for the price.  Customer Service was very good and prompt at lunch. 

We had the sea bass and lamb chops which were excellent!
 But like all the food in Vegas it's expensive.  We were talking to an older couple at the next table and they were telling us about the old days when the mob ran Vegas and you could get great meals at the Sands really cheap.  (The Sands hotel used to be where the Venetian and Palazzo stand today.) Now that the casinos don't subsidize the restaurants, food in Vegas is way over priced.

Any way to complete this review, this is a 4 star place.  They lose a star on value.
I have been 75% around the world, the food here is nothing compare to real Chinese food. The only thing worth eating here is really the soupy items. Dim sum and all are a waste of time. Service is not great but when you have 2 tired kids this will suffice.
I hate using the 'Race' card. And most all my friends would know I hardly ever use it.. Close to never... 
However.....I'm going to use it here at this place tonight.  My money is as good as anyone's money.. I wanted to enjoy a dinner experience with my parents.. 
Just because we're Asian... At a 'Fancy' Asian restaurant, we were treated like 'Asians'.. Meaning 'No respect'.. 
When the food arrived, they handed my food 'Across' my mom's face to give to me...the whole time eating.. NOBODY came by to ask how we're doing..
The table beside us, a 'White' family... When their food arrived, they were placed in front of each diner... Without reaching across another person's face...
And had SEVERAL servers came by to ask 'How was your food, how are you doing, everything ok??'
I had to flag down a waiter/waitress to refill my iced tea.. 
It's so sad these people are so ignorant to treat other Asians like this...
And it's too bad they are like that, cause I actually enjoyed the food. It was a bit pricey, but the quality was there. 
I would recommend everyone to come here if I had a better 'Service' experience. 
So if you're white... You'll enjoy this place. If you're Asian... Don't expect service.
Love the beef chow fun and dim sum! but do not get the sampler!
This is a gluten free review...
We ordered the shrimp fried rice and the chicken w vegetables. 
The rice really had nothing to it. The chicken dish was basically steamed and seasoned with salt. 
The problem...there's a gluten free menu, so you figure it would be good, not the case. 
NOTE: they brought over gluten free soy, but I don't believe it was. They wouldn't bring out the bottle, well because it doesn't exist. The gluten free soy is supposedly in a separate container, marked gluten free. 
$20 for fried rice is a bit pricey
Drinks were good.
The shrimp and pork noodle soup didnt have much taste.  Had better chinese food in hawaii.  The pork shrimp dim sum was delicious
Great food and atmosphere. Will definitely recommend to all. Had pan fried lamb chops and pear sake. Thanks for a great experience.
Actual rating 3.5 stars.

This was the second of three lunch dates that the No1DP and I had over the course of our last Vegas stay. 

Zine Noodles Dim Sum is located inside the Palazzo casino floor. This was rather convenient as we didn't have to get out of the Venetian/Palazzo hotel complex, but as with all Palazzo restaurants a bit of a walk to get to from Sands Expo, the site of many a convention. It also didn't help he only had a little more than an hour for lunch.

Service was really slow that day, even if only half the restaurant was full. It took 30 minutes from when the orders were placed to the appetizer being served. No1DP was a little late to his next class because of this.

Appetizer: Steamed Shrimp Har Gow. $6.95 gets you 4 pieces. The har gow was relatively big compared to other dim sum places and the wrapping was not too thick. The har gow was even better when I dipped it in the chili sauce.

Mains - When the main dishes came we were rather surprised how big our dishes were. Each dish could feed at least 2 people. This was my first meal of the day (dunno how much No1DP ate beforehand) but the No1DP and I were only able to finish half our dishes. Note to self: next time get extra plates for sharing because it seems like these dishes were made to be served a la carte and not in individual portions. 

No1DP had the braised E-Fu noodle with crab meat ($18.80). E-fu noodles are used in Cantonese yee mein. In normal preparation these egg noodles are deep fried. These noodles are often eaten on birthdays as the long noodle represents long life. They are normally chewy and eaten with mushrooms. The noodles themselves were chewy and absorbed some of the flavor from the mushrooms but a tad dry and plain. Real crab pieces were used in this dish.

I had the satay oxtail and tendon noodle soup ($19.95). Broth was DELICIOUS. I could taste the peanut in the broth and the soup reminded me of a mix between a panang curry and kare kare (just put bagoong in the meat!). There was a bit more fat in the oxtail but the meat fell off the bone. My only complaint was that the chopsticks were a bit thick and I had a slightly hard time picking off meat from the oxtail.

Should I come back here next time I'll definitely get an appetizer and a dish to share with another person to cut costs or stick to dim sum. Although the dishes here were decent the restaurant's prices reflect typical Vegas pricing for casual restaurants, which isn't cheap by anyone's standards. If that's the case find a dish that you can't find in your hometown or if you're going to spend that amount of money anyway on a restaurant find one that offers a more unique experience.
I haven't written a review in a long time but I was compelled to write one after my experience here because we are a family who grew up on Chinese food, noodles and dim sum. This place being a noodle and dim sum spot, really disappointed us. Portions are really small for the price you pay. Flavors can really use some salt or something. The restaurant is nice but you still get that loud Asian hacking phlegm people around you... Our dim sum stayed out for too long. The har gow was stuck to the bottom paper and it was cold. The service was slow. We had finished eating before they brought out our dim sum. I bet if you get the expensive dishes (lobster, seabass etc.), you may be more satisfied. But to come here for regular Chinese food, don't expect too much.
yes it's in a casino, and yes it's ridiculously overpriced. but even if they had normal chinatown pricing, i wouldn't bother coming back here. with strip chinese joints, you're paying primarily for the location, but it's usually also about the food quality, presentation, and service. unfortunately, that's not the case at Zine - here, all you're paying for is location.

i've been here a handful of times, mostly just for the noodle soups. which were ok. today was my first time having their entrees, and i wasn't impressed with anything we had. it was probably the worst bbq duck and pork i've ever had - tasteless, gristly, just yuck.... 

as others have mentioned, serving size is smaller than most places - maybe 3/4 of the portion you would normally get. factor that in if you're doing family style, and just fyi this is what you get for $600 at Zine (seriously):

12 veggie spring rolls, 4x beef chow fun, 4x fried rice, 4x bbq combo, 3x steamed veg, 2x kung pao chicken, 3x lemon chicken, 3x honey walnut shrimp. bbq combo is $30 for awful bbq - 1/4 duck, 1/4 chicken and maybe 1/4lb bbq pork. $25 for an order of lemon chicken, which is literally 1 piece of chicken katsu w/ some lemon sauce. 

even if you gamble here and can get a comp - take your casino cash and get your moneys worth somewhere else at palazzo. there are so many other worthwhile overpriced places to choose from.
WHERE DO I BEGIN?!?!?

I ordered SWEET iced tea, the waiter brought me HOT tea. I told him that wasn't what i ordered, he gave me an attitude and say "I'll just go get you some ice". Now, money isn't a problem because we ate at pinot and the bill was $200 no problem BUT $20 for bowl of PHO? really?! 

My boyfriend ordered a dish, the waiter asked if he wanted rice and my boyfriend replied "does it come with it?" HE LAUGHED and walked off like we couldn't afford rice. Every dish and drink we ordered the slammed it down on the table and walked off. Some other waiter had to fill our drinks. That waiter was so much nicer, we wanted to go ask the manager if replace him with our waiter.

By far, this is the worst restaurant that i've been to. Portions are kids size, this isn't a french restaurant. To add to that, later that night we walked by the restaurant, the same waiter was staring at us like he wanted to eat our livers. Crazy man.. I tell ya
The food was ok, but service was bad. We ordered a chai tea, and the tea was spilled all over the cup holder. I would not come here again.
Wildly overpriced, mediocre Chinese food. And it's not a DIm Sum place where they bring carts around. All they mean is they have appetizers. The Har Gow were rubbery. The seafood Lo Mein was $25! WTF? The shrimp were medium sized and the scallops were thin jumbos, but nothing special for that price. The taste was bland. And the food was generally average with prices 2-3 times what they should be. Take a cab somewhere else and you'll save a lot of money and get better food.
I had the opportunity to try Zine one day with a group of people and we decided to order a variety of options and share family-style. 

We tried the appetizer sampler, the variety plate with pork, chicken and pork, vegetable fried rice, honey walnut shrimp and Mongolian beef. Everything was pretty good. I would definitely recommend skipping the appetizer. Not a lot of substance for the price. The duck was my favorite of all our dishes. The portions weren't huge for the price, but it is on the strip, so it's understandable. 

The rest of the menu looked solid and I'm interested in trying their noodle soups and other items. Service was friendly. Not attentive, though.

They have a number of lunch specials that I look forward to trying as well.
Went here for breakfast on 3/8.  Was feeling like some asian soup/pho.  This was my first time.  We usually go to Pho Kim Long.  The place was pretty empty at 11:30am.  Guess people were not up yet.  
Ambience:  Nice decor, kind of a modern asian theme.  I would say more on the casual dining side then fine dining.  Pretty quiet at 11:30am
Service:  There were a lot of servers (ratio was probably 2:1 servers to customers) so there was never a problem to get anything.  Food came out at a decent pace.  Check came out fast when requested.
Food:  I had the beef congee (porridge) and I thought it was good.  It was very simple and I added a touch of soy sauce to it.  The beef were small chunks but soft and delicate.  I would definitely get the dish again.  My friend thought the pho was ok (filet). I ordered the appetizer sampler (2 potstickers, 2 egg rolls, 2 shrimp tempura, 2 pork dumpling).  Each item came with its own recommended dipping sauce.  The dumpling and potstickers were both very good.  I also had the Vietnamese ice coffee.  You can't really go wrong with that.  
Value:  I must warn you that this place is pretty darn pricey.  The appetizers were over $17 for literally 8 pieces.  The pho was over $16.  I guess its a Palazzo thing...

If I was staying there...and craving asian cuisine...and was up a ton..I would go there again.  Otherwise, make the trek to Pho Kim Long
I am always on the hunt for great Kung Pao Chicken.  When I was staying at the Venetian, I thought I would try it at Zine.  The Hot and Sour Soup I ordered was very good, but the Kung Pao Chicken ($24) was no more memorable than what I can get at Panda Express.  The dish has red/green bell peppers and water chestnuts(?) as fillers, which are my personal markers of a cheap dish.  I expect fillers in a $5.00 Panda Express portion, but not a $24.00 meal.
Ive been to Zine twice now and it was two times to many. The serviced is good and its a great looking place, but thats were the compliments stop. The food is just average and you can get the same quality in any major city for a third of the price. All of that would have been ok with me if not for the ambience, because this place has none. There is no music what soever and you can totally here everyones conversation from across the entire restaurant. I went with a group of six on a friday at 8pm and you would of thought that there was some sort of seniors only early bird special going on. When I go to a supposedly cool asian restaurant in vegas on a friday night, it better be lively. I walked in and instantly felt awkward because of the dead silence in this place. This place needs to be run by somebody else or close shop and make it something different
Came here for some over priced dim sum, but it was really good.

Will probably not come back here since it was expensive.

Worth trying.
Predicting this place won't be around long. Boring as hell. No music. Waiters don't talk. They have no emotion nor personality. Very poor quality and small portion for the price. Rip off. Don't eat here. Not worth trying even with a coupon.
I work in Barneys here so I come here for lunch about once a week. The food is great. The servers are wonderful and on top of things. I definitely recommend.
It's fine. Nothing a decent Chinese restaurant in your home town can't do. Had the spicy cucumber appetizer - moldy spicy, well marinated, tasty. Shrimp Har gow - pretty tough shrimp center but otherwise fine. Shanghai rice cake - disks of rice noodle with pork and greens were again fine but nothing special. Good place to go when you have ago near food craving but not a destination restaurant.
Don't come here....over priced. Jerks charged gratuity on my card even though I gave cash tip and wrote zero on receipt. Be warned these people are crooks. Go somewhere else for asian food.
Modern casual asian dining where the food actually tastes authentic. This place has nice decor and ambience. We came here on a Saturday at 11:30 a.m. after a night of partying and noodle soup was a must. The place was pretty empty so we were seated right away. We ordered wonton noodle soup, pho tai (comes with filet mignon), and shanghai curry noodles. The broths for the wonton noodle soup and pho were light and seasoned just right. Both dishes also came with a ton of noodles. The shanghai curry noodles were my favorite. You could smell the freshness of the curry and the noodle was not too oily. Service was also on point.

For not wanting to drive off the strip for noodles, this place was great. The only downside are the prices. $18 for pho??? Way overpriced.
The food was truly sub par. Everything we ordered was bland and boring. Everything was served lukewarm. It was  almost as if they ordered food from some dive Chinese restaurant and just microwaved it before serving. I would rather eat at Panda Express than here.
This is not really a Dim Sum place. The appetizers are the only dim sum items and there are maybe 10 to choose from. The remaining items are large family style dishes. They are pretty good but definitely over priced. For two of us with appetizers and entrees it was $150 with tip. Honestly I did not feel that the food was much better than PF Changs or other similar chain restaurant.  However, the service was excellent and our waiter was friendly, helpful and quick.
If you are in the mood for a decent Chinese meal, the Golden Dragon is the place to go. Situated in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh, the Golden Dragon in right in the centre of the city and is just a short walk from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. 

The inside of the restaurant is very large and spacious with lots of tables, and they are able to cater for large private parties and so it is worth enquiring about this. The Golden Dragon offers an expansive menu filled with authentic Chinese dishes. I came here for dinner for the first time several weeks ago and I had the most delicious tasting food. I ordered the sesame prawn toast for my starter which was really tasty and the prawns were cooked perfectly, and it wasn't greasy and oily like I have sometimes tasted it. I then had the chili beef for my main course which was even better than the starter. It was nice and spicy without being too hot that it blew my head off and ruined the meal. There were so many flavours going on in the dish and all the ingredients lasted really fresh - absolutely yummy! The egg fried rice was also amazingly cooked. The Golden Dragon's menu offers a good selection of vegetarian and seafood dishes and so there is bound to be something to suit everyone on the menu. 

The staff were also super friendly and welcoming and were very patient with me when they explained exactly what each dish was on the menu! The Golden Dragon is a fantastic Chinese restaurant in the heart of the city which is definitely worth a visit.
Very mediocre, and overpriced for the quality of the food we were served.  The duck soup was incredibly fatty and salty and hubby's chicken something was of a very generic flavor and texture.  Reminded me of the Chinese leftovers you eat when you have nothing left in the fridge.
Very average Chinese food, at least by London standards. The menu has quite an authentic selection of dishes. Unfortunately, the cooking quality was not the best.
Price-wise it was good value, and the atmosphere inside is very conducive for a quiet dinner and for serious discussions over dinner. Plus, great location.
The London Insider

http://www.london-insider.co.uk/
Kind of gross. The 2nd worst Chinese restaurant I have been to in my life-- first being Aunty Chang's in Houston, TX. 

Let's just comment on the fact that the hot & sour soup is 5.10GBP per small bowl-- that is wildly ridiculous when you can sit down at a local pub for a full meal for that price. 

We ordered Mabo Tofu & Yushan beef (aka garlic beef sometimes), which are very normal Chinese dishes.  The Mabo tofu came out barely covering the bottom of the plate (skimpy quantity), tasting not like normal/authentic Mabo tofu but edible, except for the bijillion poppy seeds in the dish that you would have to pick out ( I am totally not exaggerating). 

Then the yushan beef came out looking quite bland.  We called the waiter over to make sure that is actually the right dish, and he gave us the snobby "this is what Westerner do.  It's not like Yushan beef in China, it's a garlic sauce here."  Excuse me!?  You can't even speak English & you are telling me, an American, what "westerners" expect in a Chinese dish?!  What a joke.  Yes, the dish is sometimes, in some places, called garlic beef, but the cooking methods and sauces and tastes never alter.  It is supposed to be a mildly sweet dish with shredded veggies and meat in brown sauce.  In Golden Dragon's case, we had chunks of vegetable and meat in some weird sauce (& no garlic to be found either).  

To make things worse, they charge a 10% service charge.  You are stuck with it whether you liked the food/service or not. 

What a rip off.
The Golden Dragon has an east to find location right off of Rose street and unlike other Cantonese places in the city they do not require reservations. The staff was friendly and the food was pretty good. It was not the most amazing Chinese food I have ever had but for stumbling upon it on a cold Saturday night, it was great. I will probably try a new place before coming back, but for a quick dinner give it a shot.
New pan-Asian on Gilman just off State Street, in the location of the old Yummy Buffet.  Small restaurant offering live seafood from a tank and a wide menu of Chinese, Thai, and Japanese dishes, and featuring an interesting-sounding list of Szechuan specialties:  if you're on State Street and hankering for pig ears, pig blood, or pig stomach, Fugu is your best and only bet.  

Stopped in here for lunch a little after 1pm and found the place almost empty.  Ordered the lunch box with shrimp in Szechuan sauce.  The accompaniments were pretty standard -- a small spring roll, a small salad with standard Japanese-restaurant dressing, a few hunks of fruit.  The main dish itself, though, was great, asserting itself with a nice complex spiciness, not overwhelming heat or overwhelming grease.  I'll be coming back for dinner to try some of the Szechuan specialties (maybe not pig blood.)

Update:  had another lunch here and ordered the cured meat with green beans off the Chef's Specialties list (pictured above.)  This was terrific -- the beans dry-cooked until wrinkly but still rich, moist, and flavorful, and just enough pork to give the whole dish a luxurious feel.  On the strength of this dish I'm declaring Fugu the best Chinese restaurant in Madison (admittedly against weak competition now that China Palace is gone) and upping my rating to five stars.  

Fugu is a bit more expensive than the average Chinese place; dinner entrees are $12-19 (and rice is $1 extra), and the lunch specials are $7.50 - 8.50.
Went here for dinner on a Sunday night because Hong Kong Wok closes at 6pm.  Upon entering, it looks a lot more appealing than from the outside of the restaurant.

I went with a roommate and we shared three dishes: twice cooked pork ($13), ma po tofu ($11), and chicken with Sichuan sauce($9).  We both got orders of steamed rice, which cost an extra dollar per portion.

The twice cooked pork had some sort of bacon-type meat which was enjoyable with the green onion and while hot but less so as it became cooler.  The tofu was excellent a generous spicy sauce that probably included numbing pepper.  And the chicken was tender and the vegetables cooked just right.  The rice was fresh.

I definitely recommend Fugu if you're looking for spicy, well sauced Chinese/Szechuan dishes.  All the dishes were made to order and came out hot and delicious, though more expensive than your typically-priced Chinese dishes.  The service is also quite nice.  Next time I'll have to try some of their other ethnic cuisines.

A 15% gratuity was included, however, but I did not considering how good the food and polite the staff were.
My coworker and I found this on Yelp while in town on a client trip. I had been specifically looking for a great Thai option. We have some thai in Iowa City (one pretty good one) but I figured there'd be something outstanding in Madison. We were not disappointed. I have eaten thai from sea to shining sea and I honestly thing\k the masaman sauce here was the best I have ever had. Modest interior - nice/chintzy-casual, accessible and obviously in a student area. Coldplay's latest album rotated twice while we were there which added to the experience for me. Good prices. And, again, really really good. I left with the "thai glow." :-)
Food was indeed authentic Asian food. Taste was pretty good as well. A little bit on the expensive side, but still one of the better Asian restaurants in town.
I went here for lunch with a couple of friends.  First of all, I must agree with Lan that the space is MUCH more appealing than you would guess from outside, and the restrooms deserve a special note of their own--single occupant and I'm not kidding, they are beautifully decorated.  The overall ambiance was very nice.

For the meal, we shared the steamed dumplings and my friends had Sichuan dishes with pork and tofu, respectively, while I had the Thai basil noodles with chicken.  Madison is sadly lacking in Chinese food, but I would say we finally have a decent place in town for at least some traditional specialties.  The Sichuan menu items are appropriately spicy and my friends liked them a lot.  My Thai basil noodles with chicken were DELICIOUS.  My only complaint is that the sauce was a bit overly greasy, which one friend said was also an issue with his spicy garlic sauce, but it wasn't overwhelmingly so and we agreed that in both dishes, the flavor was still very good.

The steamed dumplings were serviceable although not particularly rave-worthy.  (Then again, their competition at the meal was fierce.)  The entree portions were large; I tend to pig out, but many people probably could have made two meals of them.

We also had hot tea, which was promptly refilled by our waitress as we ate (admittedly it wasn't very busy at 11:45 or so when we were there).  I really like green tea, and the flavor of Fugu's house tea is lovely--a bit bolder than Takara's, I would say, which I also like, but not too strong to enjoy with a meal.

I gave them $$ for price because many of the entrees are in the $10-15 range, but they have a lunch menu with a range of $8-10 specials.  Not at all expensive for the quantity and quality of the food, in my opinion.  You should note, however, that there is a $15 minimum for credit cards.
My family (2 adults and 2 kids) went there today for lunch. We ordered pork stomach with chili sauce, chicken lo-mein and lunch plate. We liked it and had pleasant experience. However, my food, pork stomach, was a bit greasy. It was a quiet day at lunch and the kids ate their lo-mein and hubby liked what's on the platter. However, we were disappointed that they no longer served dim-sum. After all these time, we have been waiting for a decent dim-sum place in Madison and Milwaukee area. 
Like previous reviewers, I was surprised to see the cute little bathroom in the back with cool Asian inspired decorations. I have mixed feelings about whether to go back there. We will definitely go back if they offer dim-sum again. Otherwise, I think we can find equally if not better Thai and Chinese restaurants in town.
I wish Fugu was more than it is.  It's not horrible, but it's not particularly good either.  I was there with a friend and I ordered pork and beancurd in a garlic sauce, which I know the name of in Chinese, but the translation they had on the menu is probably not the best.  

The sauce wasn't particularly good.  It was spicy like it should be but too thick and gelatinous.  My dish was smothered in it and I couldn't really taste anything but the garlic sauce.  I think this is the same garlic sauce that they use in several of their dishes.  The pork and beancurd was more like a vehicle for mediocre sauce.  

Growing up in LA though, I may be spoiled by my idea of good Chinese food and this doesn't even begin to compare with the myriad of options in LA.  If you're used to LA's options, this is not the place for you.
4 stars for one of two most authentic Chinese restaurants in town!
4 stars for the only Chinese restaurant specializing in Sezchuan foods.
5 stars for the o-so-spicy-it-makes-your-mouth-drooling-and-your-eyes-teary spicy fried chicken (other recommended menu includes tofu and mushroom in white sauce, spicy dandan noodle, and spicy wonton)
3 stars for the fish with spicy sauce, cold tripe/tendon.
3 stars for the relatively expensive price
The sichuan food is excellent. We ordered dan dan noodles, fried fish with peppers, and homestyle beef. The dan dan noodles were okay, but unremarkable. The fish, however, was amazing. It was perfectly cooked and the dried and Sichuan flower peppers are still making my stomach and tongue tingle. The beef had tons of peppers of different types; pickled, dried, flower, and more. This meal was certainly delicious and memorable.
I've heard good things about Fugu in the past, so I had very high expectations. Luckily, these were met! 

The atmosphere of the restaurant is great. Aromas of great food permeate the atmosphere, which made me eager to try the food right away.

The main item I tried was the pork stomach with hot chilis. It was definitely a different tasting item, rather greasy, but good. I can't remember what appetizer I had, but it also was great tasting, and I'm guessing it was authentic as well. 

Keep in mind that there are plenty of items on the menu that are more familiar, so it's not just animal entrails like the pork stomach. There's plenty of common items too.
Perhaps one mark of authenticity at Fugu is the fact that a lot of the menu will scare and confuse you. Blood intestine? Bean curd? I have yet to be adventurous enough to try one of these menu items. I instead try to settle on something that resembles your typical Chinese take-out, without going for anything too boring.

I always start a meal here with the spring rolls. They're cooked to a perfect texture, with a thin, crispy outer shell that crunches like a potato chip, and a soft vegetable-filled mush inside. They taste a little bland, but that's easily offset by the great sweet-and-sour sauce served on the side with the spring rolls.

I highly recommend the beef with ginger and scallions as an entree. Whereas most Asian places will overload a dish with vegetables in order to save money on the meat, Fugu has done the exact opposite. I almost missed the vegetables, but the meat is too good for me to care. It's cooked so perfectly, to the point where it practically melts in your mouth. You'll find meat like this in all their beef dishes as well.

On a different occasion, though, I decided to get the fried shredded beef in hot chili sauce, and wasn't as impressed. Once again, the beef was a perfectly-cooked blend of fat and meat that made it taste and feel like beef and butter had a baby. It was cut into thick strips which could hardly be called "shredded," but that was probably for the best. The sauce and spices surrounding the beef, on the other hand, weren't too good. I was warned that the dish was going to be very spicy, but I certainly wasn't expecting to be served a dish that was almost half comprised of chili peppers and ginger. Most of the dish wasn't even edible!

If you do decide to get something simple like the chicken lo mein, you'll be pleased with it. I didn't get anything that goes above and beyond all expectations, but honestly, I don't even know how you could do so with something like chicken lo mein. The lo mein was soft and buttery, with a simple and traditional blend of add-ins. The chicken was good, but nothing special. All in all, it's certainly better than take-out.

The prices here are slightly higher than normal, but you do get a noticeable step up in quality that justifies it. Furthermore, the portions are huge. Unless you plan on taking home leftovers, you should probably just buy one entree per two people.

The service is consistently a problem.  It is somewhat slow, even when the restaurant is empty. Requests for things like condiments are often ignored or unanswered for long periods of time. This is due in part to the fact that most of Fugu's staff has very poor English. It's very irritating that I can't have menu items explained to me because myself and the waiter can't even understand one another. You can put whoever you want in your kitchen, but it's unacceptable to put out a wait staff that can't communicate with the customers.
My friend and I went here for dinner just to check it out and were surprised at just how good it was, wow!

The menu is adventurous, but there are plenty of options of the typical Chinese foods!

The restaurant was PACKED with people but we didn't have to wait longer than 15 minutes. Inside is dimly lit for a good dinner ambiance and there are big tables in the middle for groups.

I definitely suggest you go with at LEAST 3 people. Everything on the menu is made to be shared (comes on a plate with a spoon/fork, and you get little plates to serve yourself) and therefore has large portions.

Overall, awesome! Will be going back again, hopefully with a big group! :D
The best authentic Sichuan cuisine in probably all of Wisconsin. For its specialties, this place compares favorably to Sichuan restaurants I've been to on both coasts and in Chicago. 

My main criticism and the reason for 4 rather than 5 stars is the relatively expensive prices. I guess Madison is not Chinatown, and a Gilman location is pretty expensive real estate. What is missed in value is made up for in the atmosphere--this is a new-school Asian joint, which means campy not tacky, clean not dirty, and lively but not a zoo.

Get the cold dish duo of ox tongue and tripe, it is a Sichuan classic. Their lamb dishes are very good, too.
I had the Kung Pao Chicken, Dan dan noodles and the spring rolls. I loved everything. 
The kung pao had big pieces of chicken, peppers, zuchini, onions and bamboo shoots with a thick rich brown spicy sauce. 
The spring rolls were delivered still-hot and were great. Fried to a crisp and the sweet and sour was excellent. 
I ordered the dan dan noodles because a Chinese friend of mine used to make them for us  at his dinner parties. This came as a huge portion (as was the entree). Thin square noodles covered with ground pork sauce. Hot and tangy in a way its hard to describe, but delicious. I will definitely have their food again and maybe explore some of the more adventurous menu items.
Went there last night for a birthday celebration and although the waitress and I had a bit of trouble understanding each other, it all ended up resolving itself!
Food = DELICIOUS!
Just be careful with the Wonton Soup. It says $1.75 and I assumed that was for a bowl (which as I had recalled from the first time was enough for 3 people) - it's actually per person. So for 6 people I ended up paying like $10.50, unexpected indeed!
but the Crab Rangoon was the best I've ever had :D
and their Lo Mein and Fried Rice (an American eater's Chinese staples) are the best I've ever had, hands down.
All their meats are also tender, well cooked, and yummy. Oh, and this is one place where when there's a chili pepper next to the food on the menu, be sure there will be a bite to the dish :P they don't mess around with that stuff!
GO! DO IT NOW!
Oh, I suggest you practice your chopstick skills :P no Western utensils (tho I'm sure you could ask for some)
I stopped by Fugu once for some take out this past fall based on its stellar Yelp reviews.  Unfortunately my expectations were not met.  The food wasn't bad, but just standard, and the prices were high for the quality.  I may try Fugu again and order a different dish, but I hope it's not more expensive than it is worth!
Food here is excellent.  Like a previous reviewer noted, where there is a red pepper on the menu, the dish is spicy.  Not too spicy to enjoy, mind you, but you'll want lots of water.  The only real knock against this place is the service.  Everyone is nice enough but very slow and hard to get wait staff's attention for something.  Relatedly, it is very crowded on weekend nights.  But really worth it for the delicious cuisine.
A group of friends and I came here after a day of snowboarding craving some spicy food. This place is by far the most authentic Szechuan restaurant I've been to. I'm not joking, Fugu would seriously destroy other Chinese restaurants if they decide to move to Chicago Chinatown. 

We ordered 2 cold appetizers and 5 entrees for 5 of us. I'm not sure if the waiting was truly long,  or we just felt like it because we were in a room full of spicy aroma. But once they started serving the dishes, it was really fast, we had all our 7 plates in 10min. We started with two very traditional dishes, pepper shredded tripe and ox tongue and tripe, which I always use to test the authenticity of a Szechuan restaurant. Fugu definitely passed my test. Everyone suddenly stopped talking and quietly enjoyed the texture and the flavor. 

The house-special steamed lamb pot was really good and I also loved the crispy chili (haven't had it for years and I found it here!). I was a little bit disappointed with the poached beef, fish with pickled chili and spicy aromatic pig blood tofu. They were good, but they just didn't meet the high expectations I built up after the cold appetizers and first two dishes. I can't explain what was it, but there was something missing in their flavor, maybe it needs to a little bit more complexity of spicy and sour? 

The waiter was very friendly and he asked for our suggestions and even apologized for "letting us down" with some of the dishes. I gave Fugu a solid 4 stars and I will definitely revisit this place. If you love authentic Chinese food, Fugu is the place to go!
Oh Fugu, I used to HATE spicy food and now I'm falling in love with them. It's usually always crowded in Fugu, and most of their food are spicy. Here are what I usually order:

Lamb Cumin
Spicy String Bean
Mapo Tofu
Fried Crunchy Pork Intestine
Braised Beef in Hot Pot

If you're not used to spicy food at all, be seriously prepared. I cannot imagine how many pounds of chilies they order every day to cook their food.
Frankly amazing Chinese food place find in Madison.I have been to China several times and this is pretty much authentic-tasting. The MaPo Tofu is amazing as well as the Sichuan Eggplant. If you are looking for some good, real-as-China Sichuan cooking, try this place! Perhaps a little pricey for take-out Chinese but it is so worth it!
Try popcorn chicken,deep fried intestine and their spicy fish fillet,da bomb!!!!!
To a chinese like me, here is really a place that you can try authentic chinese food. I would like to put 5 star, but instead only 4 star because I hope the portion is a little more. 

We ordered some dishes from the "board" ( chef's special or today's special, I cant recall), it tastes NICE. 

Try it.
I liked it! One of the better places in Madison.
The sesame pancakes are amazing. Some of the best Chinese food I've had in a very long time. Love the spicy eggplant dish too.
Very tasty Asian food, but beware: the Chinese selections can be a little more authentic than more Americanized Chinese food.  It's certainly good, but it might not be exactly what you're used to.  Fairly good service, although ordering a whole fresh fish can take awhile to prepare.
Overall, way better than most fake, greasy "Chinese" places in the area.
Very close to authentic Chinese food, but portion is not large, and a little overprice. Overall, a good place for Chinese food.
I ended up going twice in a week.  Interesting mix of Chinese-American and "real" Szechuan.  You get two menus, one of which is really large.  Huge variety of food to choose from.

On the first visit, I went with a vegetarian friend and there were lots of options for her.  After reading reviews, we ordered the sesame pancakes, which were good, but they were like deep fried roti with sesame on them.  They didn't taste very Chinese-y but were tasty.  Greasy but tasty.

We shared the Ma Po tofu and still didn't finish it all - really good dish - spicy (not too much) and a lot of flavor.

On my second trip I ordered the Kung Pao chicken, recommended by another friend.  The waitress asked which one I wanted - there was an American-Chinese style and a Szechuan version.  I got the Szechuan version.  You know those red chili peppers in a lot of spicy Chinese dishes?  There were a ton and chopped up so if you don't like eating them (like me, I love them in the food for flavor but they give me massive heartburn), you have to pick out a lot of them.  The chicken was deliciously cooked - perfectly tender and also had slices of garlic and I think some ginger.  Of course, there was a generous supply of peanuts.

They also have some interesting dishes like fried spicy intestines that I wanted to try but wimped out.
This was good Chinese food!  I visited with a big group and there was a "lazy susan", ya know those things that spin around so you can share easily.  It was great to be able to try many dishes.  The even have great curry!
wow, trying to find a restaurant in madison that is open after 10 with good food is insanely hard.  thank god for fugu (only open until 10:30, but at least we didn't feel completely rude coming in at 9:45).  i honestly didn't expect much from this place, but it turned out to be surprisingly yummy.  i could have passed on the veggie spring rolls, but the garlic eggplant dish i had was great.  it was one of those times you just keep eating and eating, even though you know you shouldn't..
I think this is the first time I had real asian food.  The decor is simple and they get to the point.  they serve it traditional asian style, you everyone shares from a bowl.  The food is tasty, and unique.  try it out!
Outstanding authentic Chinese in Madison. Had lunch with my family and was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Madison. Many Chinese dishes you can not find in a typical "Americanized" restaurant. High quality food and generous portions good for sharing. Keep in mind when the menu indicates spicey they mean it by Asian standards. Dumplings, chicken, fish and noodle dishes were all excellent. Highly recommended if you like authentic Chinese. I think other reviews with low ratings were expecting American chop suey type Chinese.
After all the talk I heard about bad Chinese food after coming to Madison, I was scared I was going to be SOL in terms of good food.  This place flips it on its head though.  We got Shredded Beef with Spicy Capsicum, pork shortribs, and some chicken hotpot.  All awesome, all spicy, and plenty of food for the four of us to go around.  Big enough space that you're not sitting on top of each other as well.
One of the best Chinese food resto I've had in the States. Not so oily. It also offers a wide variety of the dishes including hot pot and spicy noodles. Decent price that a college student like me can come a few times a week. The decoration and ambience is nice too. Just wish that they had more space because the waiting time is always like 15 mins before we can have the food.

I'm surprised that Madison has such a good place.
The most authentic Chinese food in Madison! I have searched long and hard for the food I learned to love when I lived in China 10 years ago and Fugu delivers. Must haves are the spicy twice cooked sliced pork ( pork belly) and the sezchaun spicy wontons... Enjoy
Somehow I have lived a block and a half away from Fugu for three years and never tried it.  Something about the exterior (one prominent sign advising "No Public Restrooms" and two more warning of hidden cameras in operation) just turned me off.  That all changed yesterday when my wife and I finally gave it a try.  Oh my God-- absolutely delicious!  I'll get the bad out of the way first-- the restaurant was fairly crowded for 4:00 in the afternoon and only one waiter was working-- there were a lot of tables that hadn't been cleared and we waited about 10 minutes to be seated.  One of our water glasses was also less than clean.  But I don't even care because the food was A-MA-ZING.  I've been craving a decent hot and sour soup ever since I moved to Madison and they delivered.  The chicken with garlic sauce was perfect.  The waiter (who was extremely nice) warned me about how spicy the fried beef in chili sauce would be and he was right.  It was also delicious.   We've eaten there two days in a row now and will definitely be back.

Edit: I'm downgrading this to four stars.  I've been back a number of times (mostly for takeout) and I'll definitely be going back, but it hasn't worked out to be a five-star performance.  

Two main problems: 1) Consistency: Some things are really, really good and a great value.  Some things are less good (mongolian beef was tough, hunan beef didn't have much beef).  Some things that are often good are sometimes not good (hot and sour soup).  2) Service: Everyone is very nice, but the place just doesn't run well.  They need someone coordinating everything, because the service is slow and out of joint.
This is definitely the closest authentic Chinese restaurant in Madison, WI. Although it is kind of expensive, but the menu is good. I really like their Spicy Spring Bean.

Definitely worthwhile to pay a visit while you are in Madison!
My friend received a recommendation from a colleague and we decided to try this place on a rainy afternoon. We were the only patrons for most of our meal which led to the waitress staring at us while we ate our food. I ordered pad thai and the waitress proceeded to question my choice and asked me more than once if I knew what it was. I was fairly insulted. My friend ordered king pao chicken and veggie potstickers. The food came quickly with the potstickers being first. The dumplings weren't steamed long enough and tasted raw. My lunch combo box with the pad thai included a spring roll that was 95 percent wrapper, a Japanese style salad that was very watery, orange slices that were the best part of the meal, and the main dish that was disgusting. The sauce on the noodles was incredibly sweet and there weren't any raw veggies to add texture. I couldn't eat most of it and I am not a picky eater.  I sure hope that people who go there have a much better experience than we did. I certainly will never return.
Authentic hot spicy Chinese food. Hot pot with dried chile is great. Good service.  Not your typical midwest Chinese food.  And to find this in Madison is more amazing.  Don't let the name throw you-- it was probably a Japanese restaurant in an earlier life--but now really Chinese.  Forget the Thai food that's also on the menu.
one of the best Chinese restaurant in Madison. But difficult to park. seldom go there now.
Fugu is a wonderful little restaurant right off of state street!  The name is a little deceiving because it makes me think of the Japanese delicacy, but it is actually a Chinese restaurant (that serves Thai food?..I swear I saw some thai dishes on their menu...). 

My friend and I walked into the restaurant around 11AM on a Wednesday morning, so we didn't experience the longer wait time that other reviewers mentioned. We were promptly and politely escorted to a booth, and given plenty of time to peruse the menu. 

For lunch, the regular menu is pretty pricey ($9+ per person), but they do have a lunch specials menu with a smaller selection of dishes for more reasonable prices ($7.99).  My friend and I ended up ordering the Kungpao chicken and Mapo tofu lunch specials to share. 

I want to say that the cuisine is mostly from Szechuan..because MAN they really know how to use their hot peppers. Personally, I thought the food was very authentic......Obviously, nothing is going to beat the Chinese food from back at home, but I think Fugu comes close!

Now that I've found my go-to Chinese restaurant in Madison, I'm off to search for a Korean restaurant to add to my list!
I just have to say, this place is unexpectedly good, considering the lack of variety and quality of Chinese cuisine in this town. This place is one of my favorite places to order from to fuel a long night of grading and also for eating with a group of friends. The first time we went here was on a Friday night and with a big group. We were seated promptly, but I think it's because we went around 8pm. Anyway, they gave us two sets of menus: the Sichuan menu and the non-Sichuan menu. I recommend ordering from the Sichuan menu as this is more their strength. 

We did family style so I was able to sample a lot of different dishes, and I've ordered delivery from them a few times since then. Every time we go here we come out stuffed and happy and ending up with leftovers. I'm fond of their cumin beef, fried fish, and deep-fried chicken w/ chili peppers. 

Service was also surprisingly good considering they stopped by to ask us how we were doing, if we needed more rice, and frequently came to refill our water.

Overall: very satisfying food, nice cozy atmosphere, and solid service
I ordered delivery, it came quickly and was Very tasty!!! spring rolls were great, nothing was too oily ... I would order again for sure.
This place sucks. Don't even think of going there !  Bad service and worse food. We left our food midway. Flies and cockroaches in the restaurant. I am sure they probably have rats in the kitchen!
Worst. Service. Ever.
Place wasn't even packed.  Arrived and was seated promptly.  17 minutes later got a glass of water.  Another 11 minutes elapsed before someone came to take my order.  He just stood there expectantly -- no suggestions, no questions, no nothing.  Both my appetizer and my main dish arrived simultaneously and the third service person to come to my table helpfully explained that sometimes this happens.  

Good thing I went slow on the water because one glass was all I got, despite the fact that it sat there empty for nearly a half hour.  

The food was authentic dishes but not authentic spice or preparation.  Very disappointing.
Vorweg muss ich sagen, dass wir als Europer sicher kein authentisch-chinesisches Essen zu bewerten wissen. Allerdings haben wir einige Erfahrung mit scharfem thailndischen Essen, aber dieses hier hat uns absolut nicht geschmeckt. Die Gerichte waren sehr unterschiedlich, einige halbwegs lecker, andere einfach nur eintnig oder viel zu scharf. Die Bedienung war sehr unaufmerksam, hat die meisten Fragen nicht verstanden und die meisten Bestellungen beim Servieren nicht einer Person zuordnen knnen.
Leider ist auch die Atmosphre des Restaurants eher Imbiss-artig, so luft zum Beispiel ein Fernseher und die Tische sind relativ klebrig.
Auf unserer Rechnung war schlielich auch noch das Gericht, welches ausverkauft war. 
Insgesamt haben wir unseren Aufenthalt berhaupt nicht genossen und sind so schnell wie mglich wieder gegangen.
The menu is classic Chinese restaurant; the food on the menu is authentic; and the staff here knows it. The menu is packed with stuff that if your mom didn't make it, you probably have no idea what is actually coming with the [insert meat here.] This place is great for a group (the larger the better) and even better if you are with others who enjoy Chinese food (make some Chinese friends if possible!).

If you are going to a Chinese restaurant for the first time and this is the one you have stumbled upon it may be a little difficult to appreciate a gem like Fugu. You are not really supposed to eat the food and think: "omg, this was like the totally best thing I have ever eaten." You are not supposed to order something that you like and you are not supposed to order something for yourself. 

You order things that your friends like and you order a lot (more than you could possibly imagine eating). You eat a little bit of everything (you share!). And you focus on spending the meal with your mates and not with the food (talk!). Make sure you eat like a pig though because it is good to be bold towards food. At the end you have a great dining experience and a memory you can share with good friends for a long time.
The menu is huge here and you'd likely have to go to Fugu several times before discovering your favorite items. My favorite dish here is the sliced fish with sweet and sour sauce. I've never had anything as similar and as tasty as this. The cumin beef and the twice cooked slice pork are also great choices here. Not sure why, but I also really like their spicy string beans.

In addition, ordering for takeout at Fugu is pretty convenient. I've never seen such a great set up for an Asian restaurant. You can order online and there is usually a discount for doing it this way. Just check out Fugu's website.

Your best and closest bet for good, authentic Chinese food in Madison would be Fugu. There is no close second.
Food was excellent.

But....

No plates?
No plates after I asked three times?
Gratuity added on for a party of two?
Not cool.
I am so happy a coworker recommended this restaurant!

We ordered everything from the Szechuan menu.  For an appetizer, we had the Ox Tongue and Tripe with Chili Sauce. We were surprised it was served room temperature, but really liked the heat and chilies. The ox itself really was more texture then flavor.  

For dinner, I ordered the Deep Fried Chicken with Dry Chili Pepper and loved it! Lots of chilies and oh so salty good!   My husband had the Twice Cooked Sliced Pork with Spicy Sauce which was also great!  Don't be surprised when it arrives, because it's made from pork belly, which is a whole lot like bacon.  Just not crispy. 

I'm really looking forward to my next trip to Madison and meal at Fugu!
This place is pretty run of the mill. The food is sort of blah American Chinese food--overly salty and sweet and greasy and yet kind of bland at the same time. And still I keep coming back given the lack of decent Chinese alternatives in Madison.

I'm sort of shocked some people call this place authentic, but maybe they're ordering different things on the menu only people in the know would know to order. In general I've found the quality of the ingredients just a cut above sub-par, which is to say not bad enough that I swear off Fugu for good, but not particularly great either.

I've never eaten in the restaurant so I can't comment on the service. Delivery is usually reliable--and you can order online--but give yourself at least an hour. Take-out service is much quicker if you can manage to stop in yourself.
One of my favorite places in Madison. Right off state street, awesome assortment of really authentic Chinese foods. Pineapple fried tofu, fish with dried chili peppers. Mmm.
This place has the spicy Chinese food i've been craving for. They got some American Chinese food but mostly true authentic Chinese food you don't see much. This is the only reason you should go here for and order. I bet most people are brained washed thinking that Chinese buffet restaurants are true Chinese food. The young unwise me was once.

When I first arrived I had to wait out front alone for a few minutes before someone finally came out of the kitchen. Put after that service was on. Friendly and helpful. Their was only one other couple in the place the whole time I was there on a Monday night.

They have two menu "books". Took me awhile to figure out what to order even thou I had looked over their menu online a little bit.

First dish to arrive was the Spicy Green Beans. Crisps bite with slices of garlic and chucks of dry chilies. Greasier than I would of liked. Huge pool of oil on the bottom of plate. Had a kick to it but nothing compared to the next dish. The Mapo Tofu. Mouth on fire, nose running, the way I like it good. Chili oil, minced pork, scallions, szechuan pepper, and tofu. Hard to eat with chopsticks. The side of rice was excellent to soak up all the liquid.
 
No buffet here. But great place to get a group of friends together and order a huge amount of plates to get a wide tasting of their menu.
Being in Madison for a couple of years, I'm pretty sure that if you want delicious and authentic Chinese food, this place is as good as it gets! They have many very authentic Chinese dishes you don't see very much elsewhere. I love the poached sliced beef in hot chilli sauce and the fish fillet dishes, they're delicious! Everything else I've tried here are all really great. The food can be really spicy, but you can always ask them to make it more mild. 

The servers are always really friendly and helpful. The restaurant gets pretty busy on the weekends, but I think it's worth the wait.

The food is a bit pricey, ranging from $10 to $15 per dish, but  the portions are big and it's not that bad if you share the dishes. One little down side is that they charge extra for rice. 

I highly recommend this place!
I love the food at Fugu and want to give it the benefit of the doubt, but I had to write and share the horrible experience I had recently. We ordered online using Beyond Menu, which we have done before with great results. Not this time. 

When our food had not arrived after an hour and a half, I called and was told that the driver had just left. Ok, whatever, it was Friday night. After 2 hours and 15 minutes, I called again and was told (again) that our food was on the way. Finally, after 3 hours, the story changed. Apparently the order never printed out, they missed it, it was so busy, blah blah blah. At this point, we were starving and didn't appreciate their offer to send us food and give us a whopping discount of 50%. Horrible customer service. 

I'm going to Ichiban next time. Apparently Fugu's chef is now working there.
Went there about 30 minutes before they closed and they were still happy to let us get take out.  All the entrees had good flavor with large pieces of fresh vegetable and low amounts of grease. Average prices. Will return.
I think I may have just found the one.

It was a late Saturday afternoon, and we were preparing for the copious amount of alcohol we were about to consume that night.

Knowing that the best way to not get completely trashed was food in our bellies, my friends and I set out on a quest to find some alcohol buffer. 

After going through countless takeout menus online, we finally settled on Fugu. Having never heard about this place before, our expectations were pretty low.

First of all, the Chinese food in Madison is crap, period (Sorry Madisonians(?), just being honest).

Second, this place is located right off of State Street, which is basically drunk haven for college kids.

Third, this place is called Fugu.... and they sell Chinese food. Dictionary.com defines fugu as "a puffer fish that is eaten as a Japanese delicacy, after some highly poisonous parts have been removed by an authorized chef." 

So ok, this place is named after a highly poisonous Japanese delicacy, but serves Chinese food... 

Alright then, moving on...

As soon as we opened up the menu, however, I knew we were in for a special treat. My non-Asian roommate couldn't read the menu at all, which is immediately a good sign when it comes to Chinese food.

As I browsed through the list of food, I saw quite a few authentic Chinese dishes that I was so used to back in Boston. 

We ordered the sesame pancakes, Singapore beef noodle, eggplant in garlic sauce and deep fried chicken with dry chili pepper. 

It took roughly ~30 minutes of wait time before the food was delivered right to our doorsteps. The fact that this place delivers AUTHENTIC Chinese food alone should merit 5-stars.

While waiting for our friend to bring up the food, the aromatic scent of delicious Szechuan cuisine wafted through our house, and made our mouths water. The moment the food was set on the table, we went into it like ravenous savages, and devoured the food within minutes.

It was definitely not a pretty sight, but oh was it ever so delicious... I can still taste the soft eggplants with its sweet, garlic sauce. The numbingly spicy chicken with its perfect crusty skin. The thin, dry noodles intervened with tender pieces of beef and vegetables.

Everything about the meal was delicious. I thought I had fallen in love before, but it wasn't until now, that I have realized my naivety. 

Fugu, you're now my number 1 love in Madison.
Normally not a fan of Chinese, this was much better than most I've had. (And that's a compliment coming from me).  This place was bustling at 7:30pm on a Friday night but our carryout order was on time.  I was lucky enough to have someone with me so we could double-park, otherwise you may struggle to pick up your food as this is right off of State St.

I ordered the veggies & shittake mushroom (added tofu, a girl needs her protein, for $1,50).  Glad I did as the "veggies" otherwise were simply bok choy and shittakes.   The veggies were plump, flavorful, and fresh. The tofu was lightly fried and not too greasy. The sauce wasn't too heavy but also was on the bland side, it could have used a bit more flavor (not spice, I'm talkin' flavor here),  The Kung Pao chicken got rave reviews at our house for being delicious and not too greasy (take note other Chinese restaurants, you're tooooo greeeeeeasy).  The steamed veggie dumplings ($4.50) were perfectly fine, but nothing I'd write home about.  

All in all, if we were to order Chinese carryout again, this would be the place.
As a Chinese, I think the food in Fugu is good , but not great. 
Why I gave 3 star is for me the price seems too high for the portion and ingredient. I just think the portion is really really little and the price is just too high for Chinese food. Overall , the taste of food is not too bad , and the service is average. Just a nice decent Chinese food place for people who only need to eat little and still want to enjoy the quality.
As far as Chinese food goes, this is the best in Madison, which is why it gets 5 stars.  The only other comparable location is Ichiban Szechuan, and that restaurant is more oily and less flavorful.

The style here is mostly from southern China--most dishes are spicy, and there are very few vegetarian options (though the vegetarian options are delicious as well).

One thing to note is that their 'hotpot' dishes aren't what you'd expect of 'huo guo'.  These are mostly dry dishes kept heated over a flame.  Worth a try if you're curious.

They have 'Americanized' menu items which tend to be a little too sweet.  I would recommend getting anything with a Chinese name next to it. 

Items I usually get:
Mapo Tofu
Spicy twice cooked fish
Cumin lamb
Hot and sour soup

The service is usually fast, but can be slow on busier days.
This place is pretty decent, but the food is kind of expensive for what you get. I got an eggplant chicken dish and my boyfriend got a pork belly dish. It was all decent, but I think I would go somewhere else before returning here.
Had delivery last night, through grub hub.  The food arrived 1/2 hour late, and most of it was cold,  one of the four dishes we ordered (the three thread salad) was quite good.  The salted fish with salted mustard cabbage was okay, and the potstickers and sesame chicken were just bad.
Really awesome authentic chinese food.  Entrees average around 15 dollars, def not a cheap chinese place at all, in price or quality.  The sweet and sour fish is delicious.  On of the  best places to get fresh fish in madison, as they often have live fish in tanks just waiting to be eaten!  I work at a hotel in town and I always reccomend this place to our Chinese guests, one man loved the restaurant so much he went every night during his week long stay, and literally thanked me on a daily basis with a big smile for recommending this place to him. Anyone who hates on this place doesnt know authentic chinese food.
Great food. Love it here.
This place and service are pretty decent , but the food is kind of expensive for small portion. The food is typical Chinese food average tasty , not super surprising , so the price is kind of higher.
Fugu is among the top two Chinese restaurants in Madison serving authentic, family-style Chinese cuisine. A bit heavy handed with the salt and msg, but of course this means the food was good. I was delighted that one of their seasonal vegetable options was Water Spinach / Ong Choy / Kong Xin Cai. The stir-fried thick rice noodles with chicken was also a good bet.

Like other Chinese/Asian fusion restaurants in Madison, Fugu is undergoing an identity crisis. Rather than serving a cohesive selection of items, I imagine this place developed its concept by catering to the whim of its customers. I guess business is business. 

Our waiter was charming and patient when trying to explain some of the difficult-to-translate menu items. 

The price point is high for home-cooked Chinese food, but I'm learning to expect this of State St. establishments.
I ate at Fugu with several friends from the Chinese mainland, Taiwan, and Hong Kong. They ordered a bunch of stuff that we shared - unfortunately I can't report the details of what we got because the names were foreign to me. Fugu offers dishes from several nations (including Thailand) but we focused on the schezuan since I think that is their specialty. My friends and I all agreed the food was really good - they said it is authentic schezuan style. It also helps that the restaurant is clean and comfortable (but a little loud).
I've been resisting going to this place for the past several years. The location was previously an 'all you can eat' place called Yummy Buffet.  It's illogical why I resisted.

I went here recently and ordered the cold chicken, eggplant dish, and fried chicken.  Everything tasted amazing, but in particular, I want to say, be open to the cold chicken dish - the briny sauce it was smothered in was a heavenly combination of sweet, tangy, and salty.

I'm definitely coming back here again.  Three dishes came out to $30 or so for two people.  You could also go cheaper and order the lunch bentos.
Okay, Fugu, I'm sorry for taking such a long time to write a review for you, while I may be referred as a regular, by yelp standard. First time I came here was to have my own welcoming party held by my professor, supervisor and my new friends. Apparently, all of them have been regulars here for years so they ordered: the chicken with chillies (Sechuan style), fried tofu, and spicy fried fish, right away without any hesitation. They are all spicy and served our Indonesian tastebuds just right: we are all spicy eater. My American professor would only take a small portion, as it was too spicy for her. But, she liked it.  Other times, hubby and I would try their lamb stew- again, spicy but delectable.
In all, our meal experiences at Fugu have been always warm and nice. 
It's good, tho we all know, there should be some MSG involved.
It's "Asian fusion." So yes, Fugu is suffering from an identity crisis. But I come for the Szechuan food and it is spicy, authentic, and delicious.
If you avoid the Americanized stuff on the menu, this is the best Chinese place in Madison.

It is, for example, the only place you can get ma la Mapo Tofu without either asking for it to be extra ma la (Ichiban Sichuan) or going into the back and talking to the chef (every other Chinese place in Madison).
This place is dictionary definition inconspicuous. I live down the street and must have passed it hundreds of times without giving it a second thought. After hearing how Fugu is the real deal for Asian fusion in Madison I finally stopped in to check out the digs and the noms and I liked it, but didn't love it.

I got the garlic eggplant, which was flavorful but definitely on the oily side. It reminded me of one particular place in Boston's Chinatown, which is to say authentic but also not my cup of green tea. Ben got the curry fried rice, which he similarly liked but didn't love. The prices are a bit high but, as Erin noted, it's just off State, so it's to be expected. I would come back, but be a bit more careful about what I order.
My first time here. The space is rather barren and visually unappealing. I started by ordering one of their interesting-looking sake varieties by the glass, only to find out they are now served by the bottle only (at $20 and up). I went with the Ozeki, and the server didn't bother to unscrew the cap for me. I ordered wonton soup and the seafood and eggplant hotpot.  The soup broth was hot and savory, and the wontons meaty. The "hotpot" was served before I was halfway done with soup. It was more like a tureen, and the food color matched Fugu's interior - yellowish green and brown. A large portion of eggplant and not so much seafood, just a few small shrimp, scallops, calamari and krabmeat, served with basic rice. The sauce was fine but calamari was tough. I imagine they focus more on carryouts judging by the disinterested wait staff and constantly ringing phone. I won't be back.
I first tried this place after some friends brought some leftovers. Of course, that isn't necessarily an ideal first experience but the beef tripe and ox tongue was fantastic, so I had to check this place out. My husband and I went after work on a Friday night, so it was busy. The server took a bit to actually come by and acknowledge us, but considering how busy it was, I try to be understanding. Right away I ordered the beef tripe and ox tongue as well as the spicy fried intestines. My husband ordered twice cooked spicy pork. The beef tripe and ox tongue is really interesting to me because first and foremost, it's the first time I've had tripe in a dish other than menudo. My husband was really put off by the fact that it  was not served hot, but still liked the flavor. I believe it was supposed to be served that way, at least from what I remember my friends telling me. The best part of the meal was the spicy fried intestines, hands down. I've had beef intestines before (tacos de tripa con cilantro y cebolla, yum), but these were pork so I wasn't sure what to expect. They were AMAZING. Served up sliced in a big pile with a lot of red chilies, they had a nice crisp on the outside and the inside was soft and juicy. The flavor was different from beef intestine, similar but a little bit like tripe. I don't really know how to describe it. Oh my god, it has to be the best thing I've had in a while. EAT THEM. NOW.
My husband and I went to Fugu for a late lunch.  We were promptly seated and given menus.  The menu has many dishes which sound amazing.  We got a couple apps and 2 entres.  The sesame pancakes and dan dan noodles were so good.  My husband got the Singapore noodles which had a wonderful, spicy curry flavor.  I got the chicken with spicy and sour sauce.  The sauce was very tasty.  Overall, it was a great experience and would go again.  My fav Asian restaurant so far.
not bad
Pretty decent place, especially for college students. Great for large groups and people who are not that picky about Asian food. We usually come here with a group of around 10 people and have never had trouble getting a table. I like the mapo tofu and some of the meat dishes. We also had a soup, but for next time, I would stick with the mapo tofu, meats, and eggplants. I think if I had ordered more "orange chicken" type of dishes, I would be less satisfied.
We had the Kung Pao chicken and General Tso's chicken. Kung Pao was pretty Americanized-- slightly sweet, no spiciness, but a good texture. Portion size was average, not giant but not small. For ~$11 it wasn't as good as I had hoped. A good peanut to chicken ratio though.

General Tso was typical General Tso... neon colored, sweet chunks of chicken to tame the Chinese takeout desire. Again, at $10.50, it was on the high side. Not the best I've had, but not the worst. 

Service was fast and efficient. Probably won't go back unless I want some authentic Sichuan- as the American-style offerings were pretty mediocre.
3.5 stars

Came on a Saturday night this time and it was very busy, so the service wasn't the greatest. 
Appetizer came after both meals were served.  One meal arrived 5-10 minutes after the first.  We shared until the second one arrived.  
The food is so worth it. So is the drive from Milwaukee.

Appetizer- Fried calamari 
Meal 1- Deep fried chicken w. dry chili pepper (I can't get enough of this)
Meal 2- Sauted baby octopus
To go- Ox tongue and tripe w. chili sauce
The lunch specials are an excellent choice and have great variety. I also recommend the Pan-Fried Pork Dumplings. I would definitely say it's the best Asian restaurant for its value in the downtown area.
Fugu has been one of my bigger disappointments in Madison dining, because i've heard both my friend and yelp peers give big ups to it, but my experiences here have really failed to meet expectations. All of the times i've been here, i've noticed two trends: Bland entrees, and slow service.

With regard to the entrees: Some reviews on here are claiming that some of the dishes are great, so maybe i'm just ordering the wrong things. But, I got a mushroom dish, and an assortment of veggie dishes, and all of those left a lot to be desired. The mushroom dish had some spice, but the mushroom texture was inconsistent, so it wasn't too great. The veggies were often just the veggie in question with some rice, sometimes in a tasteless sauce. It didn't feel like anything that I couldn't have made at home easily.

As for the service, it's just often really slow. Slow for them to seat you, slow to take your order, slow for them to fill up your water (which really sucks if you get a spicy dish and you're a spice wimp like myself), and slow for them to get your bill. I went at times that were only semi-crowded, but regardless it didn't seem like it should have been taking so long. They could benefit from adding another wait staff to take orders at peak hours.

My experience as Fugu hasn't been all bad, though. Note that I only mentioned the entrees being bland. I've had some pretty excellent appetizers, such as the Sesame cakes, which came with a very awesome savory sauce. I'd definitely be willing to try Fugu again, but only if I had a lot of free time that night, and a very good tip from someone on what to order.
Absolutely love this place!  As others said stick to the real asian cuisine here and this place is awesome!  I personally love the Braised Beef hot pot.  It is not overly spicy and has really great flavor.  As a regular to this establishment I receive extremely good service.  The last 4 or 5 times I was here my food came out in what seemed like less than 5 minutes and was perfect while the restaurant was full!
The location of Fugu is a huge bonus. Being located on State St right on campus, it's definitely popular amongst students especially. They serve good Sze Chuan food, which means that the majority of the dishes will be cooked with spicy oil -- making them spicy. 

Their menu actually runs pretty parallel to that of Ichiban. I have written a review of that pretty recently and I order and recommend the same favorites as I do at Ichiban. Plus, there are many reviews of Fugu out here with good recommendations on what to get, so I will talk more about the experience and service here. 

Went to lunch once for my post-seminar celebration with my group. We had the lunch specials, which was a good deal coming to about $10. It has a set consisting of the main course, a soup and fruits to go with it. Most of their sets are served in bento boxes, which is a pretty cool concept. For dinner you just order off their menu.

Service wise, it's a little off what I could call top-notch. Which means that your main course dishes might come before or together with your appetizers. On some occasion especially when they are busy, you might have to remind them about parts of your order. But they are pretty good about reminders, and will get you what you want fast. 

I would visit more often but Ichiban has equally good Sze Chuan delicacies with a much larger sitting area and ample parking. Between one or the other it all boils down to personal preference and convenience. If I live downtown and I do not have a car, Fugu will be the logical option. Otherwise, take your pick, either way you will get nice Sze Chuan dishes =)
Fugu has been my "go to" for "authentic" Chinese food for a while but I do have some complaints.

The boiled beef is traditionally supposed to come in a spicy broth but at Fugu, it comes with a syrupy, spicy sauce. It tasted fine but it wasn't what I was expecting, especially since I know that I've had the authentic version here in the past. When I mentioned it to my waitress, she just told me that the brothy version is what they do in China, but at Fugu, this syrupy, saucy dish is how they make it.

Other than that, the food is fine. It's actually pretty good. The prices are definitely steeper than some of the other Chinese places around State but if you're looking for good "authentic" Chinese food at a sit down restaurant, Fugu is your still best choice.
If you like Asian fusion, you can easily find  better place to go then Fugu. Food is way expensive and ok at best. But the biggest let down is the service. WOW! The server almost dropped the plate in our table and didn't crack a smile. We had to ask twice for a fork and no one even came back after delivering the food. Not worth the money neither it's a friendly place.
I have gone to Fugu several times in the past, and always enjoyed it. They have some very interesting menu choices. The atmosphere gives off good vibes and the service is cheerful. Fugu is a great place to go if you enjoy unique Asian cuisine. 

However, my latest experience has prompted me to write my first Yelp review. I ordered the Beef with Ginger and Scallion to have delivered for lunch, but when it arrived the portion size was substantially modest compared to what I was used to when I dine in. I could not believe they would post the same $14 item for take-out and provide a paltry amount of food compared to dine-in. I was looking forward to enjoying my lunch, but all I could taste was disappointment. Sadly, it will be quite a long time before I trust this restaurant again.
This is the beginning of a new love affair. A Chinese coworker brought me here after work last week stating this is the most authentic in Madison, and after scanning through their menu which included kidneys and intestines, I was beginning to feel a bit giddy. 

The flavor in my Lao Gan Ma twice cooked pork tasted just like the ones I've had in Chinatowns and I've visited ALL the chinatowns in this country. I loved the sauce so much that I poured my rice into the plate at the end and gobbled up every last drop of that delicious greasiness. 

The only complaint I have is their dining room being too dark and too cold. I mean, the food really isn't SO spicy that you would feel the need for icy air to cool down. So minus one star for ambience. 

I will be back. Possibly tomorrow and every week after.
Don't know where I should start. Grand opening was on September 17th, 2010. We went to try this new Dim Sum place at the Mekong Plaza as they heavily advertised in the chinese newspapers and were advertising 30% off.

When I got there, the biggest eyesore is that they tried to make their portion of the Food Court as a regular "Chinese" restaurant. So imagine the picture of chandeliers hanging in the middle of a food court in the mall. It just looks too tacky, I thought they should've went with a more fast food type Dim sum like they have in San Gabriel, California.

Upon checking in with the hostess, they don't even issue numbers, they only call you by name. So that was already pretty different from how usual chinese restaurant run things. Totally not efficient at all.

Once we finally got a seat, things got worse.

Our "Har Gow"/Shrimp dumpling was raw! The skin was thick and clumpy, the shrimp was severely undercooked. We asked them to exchange for another one, and it was still raw. We also had to exchange the shrimp egg roll as it was also raw. Their excuse was that they were too busy and did not have time to fully cook the food. Ok.....so how are the other 100s of asian restaurants able to serve dim sum at a fast pace with fully cooked food? That was probably the lamest excuse.

The trademark "beef internal organs" that I always love to order was pathetic. They charged the large price for a tiny little bowl, there were only a few tendons and mostly filled with Daikon. 

The BBQ Pork bun, another staple of Dim sum, was not that great either. There was barely any char siu in the bun, and the exterior of the bun was not fully cooked.

I understand that it is their first operating weekend, but the idea of a nice chinese dimsum place at a food court just doesn't fly in my opinion. They even offer wedding banquets here too. 

I don't think I'll be returning here unless they really upgrade the quality of the food. The idea is definitely novel, but will be a hard sell.
Growing up in California, my family has spoiled me with only the best of Chinese food. I am a little reluctant to search for a good Chinese food restaurant here in Arizona, but I couldn't resist the 30% grand opening deal on dishes I haven't had in a while and crave.

Since it was opening week, the place was packed full and service was in disarray.  The decor was interesting....it was an attempt to turn an open food court into a fancy Chinese restaurant - chandeliers and all. Tacky, but honestly, I think it's amusing and gives it character. However, the location is very loud because it is after all an open food court. The table arrangements are also a little bit too crowded and I found myself almost back to back with the table next to me.

Food was decent and good price with the 30% off. I had the cold salt and garlic chicken, squid with black bean sauce, and the seafood tofu hot pot.  The hot pot was a little bland. It was nice to see them use fresh chicken, rather than packaged. Overall, it tasted decent. Nothing stood out, and nothing was terrible. It was nice to have a little taste of what I miss back in California, but I probably won't be returning here.
Please don't confuse "Mekong Plaza" with "Mekong Palace".
"Mekong Plaza" is one of the finest Oriental shopping center In Mesa (my opinion).
"Mekong Palace" is a newly open Chinese Dim Sum diner (restaurant?) at the north end of the Plaza (basically a Food Court).
I happen to be shopping at the "Mekong Plaza grocery store". I was excited to try out this new restaurant. (I wish I had read the review before - but I didn't - unfortunately). 
One of my favorite Chinese foods is "Dim Sum". Being it's newly open; I figure they would have some pretty good food.  Exactly the opposite! 

I wish I can say something nice; let me see; well the Tea was pretty good; and the ice water was pretty good. The waitress is pretty, beyond that, I can't think of anything now.
All I have to say is Hell I better move to California. Looking at the previous posters talking about how poor this restaurant is and how great the food is in California then I must really be missing out .  I have not dined at many California Asian food places, but I have chowed down at a lot of places in Arizona.  I got to say for me this place is awesome. 

The Food court issue:
Yes  the restaurant  is at the end of the food court.  So what; it's partitioned off except during special events when they open up the whole area as the restaurant. They have a stage area set up so they can have presentations or bands. This is a very smart Idea in this economy. It is maximum use of space. 

The Food:
Seafood so fresh you see it swimming in the tank and can pick the lobster, crab, catfish, ect. ect. Lobster for 9.95, come on, that's fantastic. The sweet and sour ship is excellent. Wanton Soup Excellent. Chicken and Snow pea's outstanding.  Hot Jasmine Tea FanFrickenTastic!!! However, egg roles were a little weak and they did not fold our Mushu Pork for us. 

The wait staff:
English is hit or miss. Most seem very attentive, our water and tea were refilled often.  We did have to ask for forks as I do not like plastic chopsticks. They do not bring all the dishes at once.  Entrees are served as they are finished in the kitchen. 

All in all the food quality is excellent. The wait staff is fast and friendly. The decor is very nice. So I say try it, for the money it is well worth it.
So the setup is interesting.. since it is the same owner, Canton BBQ and Asian Noodle Kitchen in the food court as well as Mekong Palace all share the same kitchen and more or less the same menu (AND they own Chicken Noodle House around the corner).  So if you were really feeling like a cheapskate or want to avoid crap service, you could just order your dim sum to go and get your BBQ and noodle dishes at the food court side.

Dim sum is served all week, though you might have to order most items off the picture menu during the weekdays.  Food was decent, but seriously dirty teapots at the spouts at several tables I looked at... c'mon, take 3 seconds to scrub off the wall of brown crud that surely built up over several servings... that's how long it took us.
I see a lot of complains abt their dim sum.  I think its cause of their opening hype and a new crew being unable to keep up with the opening day crowd ?

Nonethless, I am giving this place a 4 star for the food, not dim sum cause I have not tried it.  I have eaten inside the restaurant area and outside in the food court area.  Decent selection.  Good food.  Especially of note is their roast and bbq items, like bbq pork and roast pork.  Both are excellent and done right.  Trust me, if you go to Best HK or buy them from Lee Lee, they will give u fatty bbq pork sliced very roughly in huge chunk.  Its not the way that should be served as the taste of a giant chunk of pork is a little overpowering especially if you have the bbq sauce flavor.

My buddy who came to visit from Colorado loves their roast duck so much, he went there on the last 3 days of his visit.  His main complain was why I did not bring him there earlier in the week ?

So U know, come here expecting seafood well prepared ,wok dishes cantonese style, cantonese/hk style bbq and U will have a good meal.  I cannot vouch for their orange chicken or mongolian beef but if U want asian american food, there should be a good offering inside the mekong supermarket at the food court.  Inside the mekong supermarket yes.  This one is at the Mekong complex main food court.  don't go to the wrong place okay !
This place is pretty fantastic on the value based scale. They are cooking up some HK style delights that rival local California chinese restaurants. They even have the crappy service down to a T. Actually the service wasn't that bad, they did give us new plates during the meal, which is kind of a classy move.

The highlights included the lobster in ginger and scallions, peking duck, oysters in black bean sauce steamed on the half shell, and that fatty pork hot pot (the menu said "Pork Hock in red bean sauce" or something). The pork was stupendous, it literally melted in the mouth, the fat part that is. 

Prices were very reasonable. We ran a tab of about $18 a person out the door with tax and tip, and we ordered the gourmet stuff, not the regular stuff.

The mall is nicely decked out with sumptuous tile floors, and it's kinda  a novelty to dine on upscale chine food inside a strip mall (the restaurant has no walls, just partitions to separate u from the mall).

The hood is a bit rough, so make sure you are taking advantage of the new concealed carry law, and pack some heat in the small of your back. Actually, a shoulder holster might be better, cuz your pants will get very tight after the huge meal.

Your Kong or Me Kong? MEKONG!
i think the restaurant is pretty and the chandeliers are pretty too! i think other reviews are definitely a bit harsh, considering they just opened and they probably need to get their act together a little more. but over all it is the nicest Chinese restaurant in Arizona period. every other place is dirty and tacky. at least i feel clean in the place. the food was decent in the beginning but they're getting better and better. I'm pretty sure in a few months time the food is gonna be as bomb as the Chinese food in California. i am also giving 5 stars to make up for the unfair ratings of previous people. you honestly can't find better Chinese food in Arizona. so kudos to Mekong palace! also the pricing is very good!
Yipeee!!! Very good Chinese food in Mesa. Now my hubby and don't have to drive to Phx to have good dim sum! Fast and friendly service!
i'm not a fan of their chicken feet, which is rather flavorless, and the cartilage isn't cooked to fall off the bone. the way it's cooked here almost triggered a bit of a gag reflex. i prefer the ones served at china buffet king. and their pricing for dimsum is all over the place...$5 for gai lan?
I've been to a few other places for dim sum, so my opinion is somewhat biased.  For the record, I'm also your standard adventure-seeking gringo, inspired by Andrew Zimmern.

So, the wife and I decided to check out Mekong for their dim sum brunch.  Now, the prices are extremely fair.  There are 4 pricing categories for their dim sum, A, B, C, and D.  All choices A through C are priced at $2.18, while D is priced at $4.95.  Sodas are sold by the can, so we chose to have one can each of cola and we shared a pot of tea.

We're not picky, but we chose not to indulge on the lovely assortments of "bun"-type dishes that were presented to us.  Instead, we focused our attention and appetite on the pork, chicken, and seafood offerings.  And boy, we were not disappointed with the food!  Some of our treats included shrimp shumai, chicken and shrimp crispy spring rolls, pork spare ribs with black bean sauce (basically just a serving of pork fat with some bone in it, but incredibly tasty), taro cakes, sharkfin dumplings, and several others.

The servers were attentive, wheeling their cars around to every occupied table in the establishment.  Well, all the servers except for one.  I couldn't help but notice that one server seemed to avoid our table.  At first, I thought it was my imagination.  But then my wife noticed.  In fact, I watched her as she pushed her cart past us while making an effort to look in the opposite direction!  Of course, her cart had the items we were most interested in, so we were quite disappointed by her.  Were it not for that one server, we'd be giving our experience here 5 stars.

I purposely struck up a conversation with one of the other servers, a very pleasant young man, who was managing a cart that had the words "beef organs" on the side.  I asked him what he was offering, and when he described it to me, I could not conceal my interest.  He joked with us that he didn't think we'd be interested in his dish.  Well, he was half right....my wife didn't want anything to do with it!  That plate was very interesting.  It consisted of various organ meats, including tripe and liver that I could identify, and several others I could not.  All of the meats were very soft and tender, which is unusual for organ meats.  My wife even tried some (what a trooper).  We should all be glad I'm the one writing this review :)

Another of the dishes we tried was a flat noodle with shrimp.  Slippery devils, these were!  I was having such a hard time picking these up with chopsticks that one of the other wait staff was attentive enough to offer us forks.  He did it so politely that we joked with him to feign our offense, but we were actually quite thankful. The place settings do not include forks (an indication of their cultural authenticity, perhaps?)

Oh, be thankful that there is a menu with pictures of each offering.  Most of the servers do not speak fluent English.  But when you ask them what they are serving, they can point to the picture and you can read it yourself!

Overall, a fun experience.  Plenty of food, at bargain prices.  And before you leave, be sure to take a stroll through Mekong Plaza (the grocery store next door) and take in all the exotic tasties they have to offer.  It's not Lee Lee Market in its size or variety, but then it's also not as overwhelming.
Can you say Chaaayyp dim-sum in one sentence?  I suspect that this is lost leader pricing ($2.18) per dish.  Like all the start-up competitors to grace the east valley, they lure you in with outrageously low prices.  You get used to not looking at your bill and they all of a sudden raise the price, tack on a surcharge for tea or what not and you only notice it when you either give them your credit card or when you get home.

Crossing my fingers that this is not the case.  Or just enjoy the chaaayp ride when you can I suppose.  I wouldn't say that this is the BEST dim sum I've ever had but it's not the worse either.  Everything seems to be up to par except the chicken feet and cheng-fun (don't know the english equivalent, sorry).  I guess I prefer my chicken feet and cheng-fun to be on the softer side.  Perhaps they could steam the chicken feet and or cheng-fun for a few more minutes to eliminate the "rubbery-ness"(?)

I know what your thinking, "ok smarty, go home and make it yourself and see how hard it is..."

We took some friends from Canada here because they told us that they pay upwards of $4.50/dish in Calgary, Alberta.  That's gotta suck.  That's more than we pay for a gallon of gas (knock on wood)

After we waste the $3.50 per gallon in gas over the 14 mile round trip from north chandler, the discount is pretty much awash, so we just eat at China King (2-mile round trip, 36 cents in gas).  What can I say, I'm asian, we like to do the math.

I'd definitely hit this again if I'm anywhere w/in a mile of the hood.  My wife loves to shop the Mekong market, and my kid loves to climb on the merry-go-round afterwards.  She's even gotten several free rides from other patrons who put there kids on it and are gracious enough to let our daughter ride along.  What were we talking about?  Oh yeah, dim-sum

Try it, your bank account will love you.
We were with at a banquet party of 90ppl.  It was strange set up, the restaurant is actually part of the food court and tucked away in the side with portions.  So you can still see and hear the food court.  But hey if they have good food, I do not care.

For serving a banquet of 90ppl, it takes good coordination and they did a pretty good job.  Here are the goods and the bads:

Goods:
Food was coming out the kitchen in a good rate
They came around to change out our plates
The combination plate appetizer was good:  roasted duck, soy sauce chicken, bbq pork, beef, and jelly bands
French beef cubes was tasty
Steamed fish


Bads:
They did not serve us water after the meal was done
The rice did not come until 7 of the 9 dishes were out 
Soup was bland
Boiled chicken was just cold
Seafood chow mein did not have enough flavor
Great value for dim sum! Interesting setup though. It's literally in the middle of the food court and split up with nothing but a few partitions, but the food was great!
Wifey and I were wandering around the Mekong Plaza yesterday, looking for someplace to eat lunch and then we were going shopping at the Mekong Market.  So we looked at a bunch of places and menus, some of which we had already tried before.  Then at the north end, we ran into the Mekong Palace.  Like some other poster said, it looks like they are part of a food court, and their seating section is a sectioned off part of the food court.  We decided to order some dim sum and were not disappointed -- the dishes were good and cheaper than any other dim sum restuarant.  We know this for a fact since we love dim sum and frequent many places in the east valley.  We also tried their house special chow mein noodles and that was pretty good.  Looked at their roast duck, roast pork, and char siu pork and ribs -- all looked good (but did not try) and all was cheaper than most every other place.  Our bill was very reasonable and we were not disappointed.  We probably will be back to try some other menu items.
BLECH!  Let me start off by saying that my dad is the king of horrifying cliches.  Strangely enough, they've actually become a vital part of my vocabulary and somewhat useful.

1) If it sounds too good to be true, then it's probably too good to be true

$2.18 per dish for dim-sum?

2) you get what you pay for
I was telling a buddy of mine that the price trumps the food AND the service.  After being away from the place for a month I forget how yucky the food is and the service is deplorable.
 
3) fool me once, shame on you.  fool me twice (4 times?) shame on me and i deserve to be ripped off the 3rd and 4th times.

We were there on Sunday at 11am and my wife remembered that the carts come out from the kitchen and go around counter-clockwise.  Her theory is that by the time they get to the north side tables, all the food will have been picked at and decimated.  
She insists that we be seated as far from the main entrance (north side) as possible.  We get a table right up against the back wall closest to the kitchen.  We're sitting there for about 10 mins and no carts even pass by.  
I'm like thinking, "ok, dim sum is not really a fast food environment.  You stayed up way too late Saturday night and you stumble in for brunch.  It's supposed to be a slow, no rush, drink tea and have vibrant conversation with those around you."
It was then that I started doing the math (not because I'm Asian.  I know what you were thinking).  I counted about 40 tables with 30 of them occupied.  I looked around to see what the MO of this place is.

A) there are only 2 carts being pushed around at any time (are they trying to lower overhead costs by owning only 2 carts?)  Instead of having several carts with the same items going different directions, it appeared that the cart pusher would only go back and fill her cart when it was empty.  So instead of just exchanging her empty cart for a "pre-loaded" cart, she actually disappears for about 3-5 minutes (and I presume she's in the kitchen loading her cart?)

B) since we had no food, I had time to count how many employees were on the floor and what their jobs seemed to be.  2 cart pushers, 3 bus boys (their job seemed to be water fillers, table clearers, and check retrievers) Fine, we all know that you can't seat people if there are no clean tables.  Then I counted 3 more (waiters?) with red vests going to tables and doing I don't know what (taking special orders?).  

There was a man and woman that I assumed were the floor managers or owners that would be walking around doing "managerial" things like looking busy, answering questions, telling others what to do etc.

All the while I'm thinking "more cart pushers (the food is kinda important here) and less whatever the other 8 people were assigned to do.

The 1 hostess/cashier was trying to seat people, take numbers, and take peoples money.  I felt somewhat sympathetic towards her because I overheard a customer say "you gave us number 22" and just seated another party when you called out "22".  She apparently gave two patrons the same number.  She quickly apologized to customer "22b" and out of frustration handed him a slip of paper with the number "32".

Needless to say, the customer was not at all pleased with the exchange and hotly protested "uh, I don't think we want to go 10 places to the back of the line!!"

It was getting really ugly and awkward but one of the other employees came to the rescue by immediately seating "22b" and things were restored to semi-chaos.

Oh, did I mention the food?  When the 1st cart came by our table, the pusher stopped by the table next to us and was fumbling with the little metal dishes and trying to cut the cheng-fun.  She seemed a little shaky and not at all concerned with serving the customers swiftly.  While she was trying to serve the other table, her cart was blocking the aisle and the other cart pusher had to stand there and wait until she was done.
When the cart finally came to our table, we were so famished and anxious that we just started grabbing this and that in fear of never seeing the cart again.

We grabbed the following dishes:
1) shrimp cheng-fun:  Rubbery and kinda bland
2) chicken feet:  Great sauce, but the chicken was not tender and again....rubbery (perhaps leave it in the steamer longer?)  Funny thing is, we've ordered the same 2 dishes the past 3 times and it's the same....RUBBERY!   I guess you could say it's our fault for falling for the same rubber chicken trick each time.
3) Har-gow:  standard steamed pork dumplings, tasted pretty good (or was I just starving and grateful for anything that touched my chopsticks?) haha
4) Wu-tao-gock:  Fried taro was decent
5) Foo-jook-gien:  steamed pork with black fungus wrapped in bean curd skins.  was probably the best thing that touched our palates.

I know what your saying, why do you keep eating the dim-sum if the quality is mediocre at best and the service is non-existent?

PRICE!  it's like a mosquito drawn into a bug zapper.
It has been a year, since I have been here. I've been told by several friends they have a new Dim Sum Chef, new manager, new staff. So I decided to check it out.

Sure enough, the Dim Sum is much better - on par with other Dim Sum places in the valley.  They removed one wall so the place feels roomier. The place was hot, 82F at our table. I brought this up with the management lady. She said there is nothing they can do, air-conditioning was limited to what the mall provided. Other than too warm, this place is all right.
See madison d. Review (it says it all)

I will not be coming back here despite getting my water topped off three times in forty minutes.  Only 2 carts and very small selection.  Definitely sit where the carts come out!!! They have lots of people working here but, only 2 pushing carts which are almost empty by the time they got to our section.

Price is very good and taste ok
Went here for hot pot.  They offer 5 or 6 types of broth ($2) including satay, Szechwan, and Mongolian.  There are a lot of different meats and vegetables to choose from that you choose a la carte and mark down on a sheet.  Our party of 4 shared some rib eye ($4 each order), lamb shoulder ($5 or $6), winter melon ($2), fried soft tofu, baby bok choy, lotus root, pork, pork blood cubes, and beef ball.  Generally meats will be about $4-6 and vegetables/tofu will be around $2-4.  Our total including one soda ($1.50 for 1 can) ended up ~$15 per person including tax and tip.  The meats and vegetables were delicious and fresh, and there is a sauce/condiment station where you can mix your own bowl of sauce (Sauces and condiments include soy sauce, sesame seeds, chili sauce, sesame sauce, satay, green onion, dried garlic, and cilantro).  Each person at the table gets one pot on an induction cooktop, and dessert is included in your hot pot.  We had a refreshing almond/coconut jello, the perfect complement to our meal.  We'll definitely be heading here again for more hot pot since it's a pretty good deal for what you get.
I went here for dim sum with my parents who are visiting from northern cali on a Sunday.  I wanted to get their take on it.  Before this place, China King down in Chandler was always my favorite dim sum place.  They had a great variety, the dim sum was not greasy, and the service was decent.

Mekong Palace does what China King does but even better.  There are more varieties of dim sum to choose from.  The restaurant is also a lot bigger and much cleaner with their tile floor.  China King's carpet has gotten really dirty over the past few years.  The usual chicken feet, har gow, siu mai, chow fun, and congee, which are my standards, are excellent here.  Also every time I go, I always seem to find some new item I've never tried before.

Price wise, it's as cheap as it can get.  With 4 people eating all the dim sum they can and hot tea, I think the bill is usually $40-$50 total.

To top it off, you can go grocery shopping next door after you're done or grab a boba tea at the taiwan cafe in the mall.

My parents said the dim sum was pretty close, if not equal, to what they get in the bay.  Definitely my favorite dim sum place in the valley, and I've been to  cfu, china king, phoenix palace, golden buddha, and great wall.
This place has some of the best dim sum I have yet found in Az (NOT the best dim sum, just the best in this area....) But, unfortunatly, somewhat poor service. 

Actually, I'm not really sure what happened...I've been here a few times before, but the other day when we came by to eat, I had never seen it so busy! Maybe because of the holidays?? Anyways, they were definitely understaffed, if not out front, for sure in the kitchen......They didn't even have half the available dim sum dishes as they normally have. Plus, as another reviewer experienced, we were sat in the back near the stage, and barely got to see the carts come through to us. When they did make it to our table, the best dim sum was gone. 

Funny thing, my favorite dish is BBQ pork bun. They, for some reason, were not coming around with them. So, finally I asked the maitre'd if there was any available, she said there was, and she would bring us out an order shortly. Well, the cart lady came around and I tried to tell her we had the buns coming (by pointing to the item on the menu, and signaling that it was coming) she laughed at me! And shook her head, 'no! no!' indicating that I was nuts! Whatever, I guess she was the nutty one, because they did bring out the buns just for our table. (see, they aren't that bad!....just, apparently, communication between themselves is just as bad as the communication with their English speaking customers!....)

To sum up, for me, the dim sum is worth any of the misstreament one may go through in order to get it. At least until I can visit Chinatown in New York, or if by some miricale, a new dim sum place opens up here offering even better food (and at least kinder service...)
where did this place come from, I guess i'm not from Mesa so  I would never find this place on my own.  Step inside the Mekong Palace, it might look like another strip mall and as soon as you step inside your in  extreme Asian territory.  
I really can't ready everything.  

Ok keep walking it might seem deserted later in the day but the food court was poping when I was there.  there's defiantly a nice selection of small business and restaurants.  Mainly the Dim Sum and the Soup place is why I go there.  
Vietnamese place serves Hot Pot. meaning you buy veggies and meat and then everyone heats up their own soup. Installed for every seat at the tables is a little warming plate to cook your soup.  Kind of cool. Whatch out a few dollars here and there can really add up but for the most part very affordable. 
You also have to make your own sauce so make sure you do that right.
Very good.  It's the big semi-curtained off restaurant on the north end of the Mekong Plaza food mall hall, in case you're unfamiliar with the layout.  I'm rating it for the various takeout noodle dishes as I haven't tried the (very popular) dim sum yet.
I went here recently with my Asian friends for Chinese new year for our yearly tradition of dimsums. I really had a very nice time. The food and tea came at regular intervals and I don't think I stopped eating the 2 hours I was there. I do not know the names of the dishes but everything I tried was delicious- the dumplings, turnip cake, noodles, the desserts were some of my favorites. I think I enjoyed more as I went at a very festive time of the year with people who knew what to order. So, if you know even one Asian, tag along with them , let them do the ordering and sit back and enjoy.
This place probably had some bad reviews when they first opened up.  They probably were issues at that time.  

Anyway, My wife and I have been here many times as customers.  They have improved over the time, and are perhaps now respectable.  

Go on the weekends (Saturday or Sunday morning), and enjoy their dim sum.  It is good for Mesa AZ.  It is not like Hong Kong, but it is good.

Also, you should go there for the hot pot.  Wife and I went there yesterday for hotpot.  I suggest some kind of combination like the following:

Szechuan Pepper Broth
Chicken
Spinach
Vermicelli

Create a hotpot from this.  The only thing that I would recommend to Mekong Palace for the hot pot area, which you cook yourself at your table, is that they provide some recommended combinations on the hot pot menu based upon what they see being ordered.  This may make this more accessible and allow them to attract some adventurous non-Asian customers.
Now i love going to the Mekong Plaza, especially to Unphogettable and the supermarket.  But i wanted some dim sum and heard the Mekong Palace in the back of the little mall had dim sum.  I was bringing along my nephew and was seated pretty quickly during lunch time.  Now I've been to allot of dim sum places in the Vally, and usually the dim sum carts usually come strolling to your table even before the drink order is placed.  Not here.  My drink order was taken and arrive but still no dim sum.  Even a waiter came by to ask if i wanted a menu like i just arrived.  I informed him that we wanted dim sum and said the cart would arrive shortly.  Now take in mind, there's about six tables eating during the lunch hour and only one dim sum cart going around.  So i decide to take a look at the dim sum and lunch menu in case it look a little longer.  The dim sum menu is pretty large and the cool thing about weekdays and most of the day, all of the dim sum items in the A,B or C columns are all 2.38.  The rest of the menu will cost 4.95.  
Finally after two cups of tea the dim sum carts arrives and the lady at the cart is showing me items that pretty much i don't want to try.  I only settle on three items, the shrimp dumpling, the pork and veggie dumpling, and baked rolls with BBQ pork inside.  I asked for the steamed pork buns but she said she will have it later.  Since she didn't have the steamed buns, i settled for the pork and rice wrapped in lotus leaf.  All were good but very unexpected because you can get that at any dim sum place.  
While eating i was looking at the menu, i noticed these soy sauce chow mein that look like something good.  It was 7.95 and didn't want a whole order so asked the waiter if i could get an order but a smaller portion.  The waiter said that he can make a dim sum portion for 4.95 and would be happy to get that order in!  That i was happy about and it took only a couple of minutes, which was quicker then the dim sum cart to come around!  Even thought i had to put in the order, the noodles were amazing, soft and crunchy with bean sprouts!  Great way to end my meal and my nephew loved the noodles as well.  Next time i come, it may just be for the soy sauce chow mein!
The service is pretty quick but can't say that for the dim sum carts.  But I'm gonna just look and see if there are more then one of the carts around before i have dim sum.
Inside the mekong palace there is a separate area to the side that is actually a small Hot Pot restaurant.  While the restaurant area is fairly small they made it very functional, each table has two burners built so that everyone can have their own broth. They had a great selection of food to choose from (from your typical sliced beef to razor clams) after you order you walk to the front and they have a table that is just for all of the sauces you can mix yourself. They gave you so many options and it was nice to be able to make more than just one sauce. The meal turned out great and the service was good  Overall I was pretty impressed, it reminded me of having a family dinner at my mother in-law's house. So if you are looking for a good place to enjoy hot pot without all the troubles of doing at home but just as good make sure you check this place out.
Coming from Southern California, I have pretty high standards for Dim Sum. I was passing by Phoenix on my way to Albuquerque and decided to get some dim sum, as the Valley is the last bastion of Chinese food before I head east. I honestly didn't know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised.

First of all, the prices are very very reasonable. You cannot even get $2.38 for practically all items (except for large specialty items) in Orange County or San Diego. You'd have to go to New York, San Francisco, or the San Gabriel Valley to find dim sum cheaper than what you find here.

Secondly, the quality is pretty good. The shui mai was tasty, even if it wasn't great looking. The clay pot rice with spare-ribs was pretty good. The bowl of stewed tripe was decent, albeit a bit smaller in amount than I would find in LA. The only big disappointment was the fried sticky rice, which came out a bit dry.

Service was fairly decent when I was there, much better than the average in SoCal, which can range from tolerably forgetful to disgustingly rude. Sure, the service isn't the friendly service I would get when I go to a nice sit down Italian joint, but I'm also not expecting that.

Bonus, they do well in decorating a space that's essentially an end of an indoor strip mall pit. I'll be back when I drive back west towards home!
Update:  Still haven't tried the dim sum. I'm not that big on dim sum.  But their regular dishes are excellent.  I love the noodles here.
Nice place to go to the Asian market and also the filipino food in wholly grill as well as the dimsum!
Yummy, who doesn't love dim sum, roaches and  flies?
I had dim sum here once before and liked it until I just saw the 5/22/2012 Maricopa restaurant violations on the news.  Mekong Palace got 16 violations.  Gross!  

http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=Food Establishments Search&as_type=Food
Deducted two stars as the lo mein with roast pig was pretty scroungy this time - oily, salty, little vegetables, pork didn't taste so good.  Quality decline, off day?    Anyway, I'm back to awarding the Godzilla #1 approval ratings to ACE across the street and Best Hong Kong down the road.
This review is based on my experience with their dim sum. I came here for a Sunday brunch. This is prime time dim sum time. I have had dim sum in many cities including Boston, Atlanta, Orlando, Memphis, and Westminster. This place had awesome customer service. I have never been to a place that has refilled my water and tea more than this place! Love the service! The food. Maybe it was an off day. I was tasty but it wasn't the wow you'd expect. Dim sum carts steam the food so once placed on the table it's hot and ready. I didn't see it. Also the had two bottles on the table labeled "soy sauce". Surprise surprise one was definitely not soy sauce. It's vinegar (same color as soy sauce here). This place gets packed so I thought I would be getting some legit dim sum. If you're looking for a great dim sum place, I highly recommend China King in Chandler.
I gave them back a  star. I like their noodles.
This review is only for their dinner menu, which is pretty good Chinese food.  They make some really good veggie, fish, and beef dishes for a fair price.  The wait staff are friendly and pretty attentive.  They always keep my glass full.  I would try to stay away during a night when they have a banquet going on because the food comes out of the kitchen really slowly.
I'm from NY, so I grew up going to many Chinese restaurants.  I can honestly say that Mekong Palace is a gem in Mesa, AZ for authentic HK style food.  

I've been here many times, for a quick lunch, a late night dinner, and a weekend Dim Sum event.  All of my experiences have been great.

First, let me talk about their BBQ: roast pork, duck, chicken, etc.  The BBQ which you can buy by the pound or get it over rice for lunch is very good quality.   This reminds me of the Chinese BBQ back in NY.  

For dinner they offer a nice selection of options ranging from deep fried whole fish to a steamed fish with soy sauce, scallions ,and ginger.  Also,  I like to order the "Chow Mien" (pan-fried noodles) with your choice of protein.  They have basically everything on the menu.  If you don't know what to order, just ask your server, they are very helpful.

Now for my Dim Sum experience they offer your typical "Dim Sum".  I was amazed by the selection and quality.

I consider these the standards:

Siu Mai - Pork and Shrimp dumpling
Har goh - Shrimp dumpling
Wu Tao go - Fried Taro Cake
Ha cheung - Shrimp wrapped in rice noodles

......and plenty more!

Also, I have experienced a high level of service during my Dim Sum meal with my friends.  I would ask them if they had a particular dish, and they said they were still cooking them and that they would be ready soon.  To my surprise, when they were ready, the server personally delivered that particular Dim Sum to us.  That act seldom happens at a Dim Sum restaurant partially because the restaurants are usually too busy and because the servers just don't care.  You don't have to worry about that here :-).  Also, the servers speak english, no worries.  

Therefore, come here and experience real Chinese food.  O, did I mention the price is super reasonable!!!
This restaurant gives you a lot of food for the price. We ordered the mushi pork, pan fried noodles and mixed vegetables with black mushrooms. The mushi pork was great  but the pan fried noodles were overwhelmed with the sauce. The mixed vegetables was okay I should have ordered my favorite, Chinese broccoli. We brought half of the food home except for the mushi pork that we devoured.
One thing I really disliked was the plastic chopsticks. It was a test to see how much food you could get to your mouth before the food would slide off the chopstick.
Not a bad place for dim sum. Have been here several times now. Most of the time it's been satisfactory.
Came here for dinner and dim sum. Dinner probably deserves 5 stars but dim sum was probably 3 stars, so I'll just average my experience to 4 stars. 

Food: 
Dinner: There's these dishes that are on sale right now for less than $10 and most of them are clay pot dishes (which are DELICIOUS!). All the dinner items we ordered were AMAZING! Especially the green beans! Those were flavored and stir fried to perfection! I've had this dish many times at many different places and this was by far the BEST green bean dish I've ever had! The clay pots were ALL amazing! Everything tasted SOOO GOOD! 

Dim sum: Not enough dim sum items and the ones that did show up were only ok. We were sitting around for a really long time and nothing would come. When the ladies did come by with the carts, they would not even try to sell us anything. We had to be all proactive and ask everyone what's in the carts. Even when we did that, the ladies would just say "nothing new" and push the cart away. We had to order things from the kitchen but even those things would take forever to come. A few of the dim sum dishes we ordered came AFTER we asked for our check and paid already. 

Service: 
Dinner: Great service! No complaints there!
Dim sum: REALLY SLOW...why was there no food??? 

Ambiance: 
This restaurant is in the middle of a food court of a shopping plaza. They just put up dividers to section off the "restaurant" from the rest of the food court. I was hesitant to eat at this place, but I'm glad I did because dinner was amazing! Dim sum...that's a different story. If you get over the fact that you are really sitting in the middle of a food court, then it's not so bad. 

Price: 
Both dinner and dim sum items were pretty cheap. 

Overall: 
I really liked eating dinner here! All the dishes were delicious! Dim sum probably would have been better if there was more food and the dim sum ladies were better about showing us what was available. I would totally come again for dinner but maybe not dim sum.
Nice selection and great customer service. Try the dim-sum on weekends but get there EARLY if you don't want to wait. Afterwards, ask for a mango pudding. It comes with a little evaporated milk on top and is oh so yummy!
Mekong Palace Hot Pot was a nice find, tucked in the side of the restaurant. Ive been in half a dozen times, and it stacks up against Tien Wong Hot Pot any day of the week. Less Expensive with a better selection of raw ingredients and a nice flavorful Szechwan Broth.

My full review is available at http://forkvsfood.com/?p=213
This place is just AWESOME! We found it by accident and are extremely glad we did. Following an hour long Massage in the same Plaza we went inside Mekong Plaza, an indoor shopping center catering to Asian restaurants, market and other retail stores. We found Mekong Palace and had a GREAT meal! 2.5 pound lobster (from their tank) with ginger and scallions, fresh oysters in black bean sauce, Gai Lan, rice, tea and dessert for $40.00!! The service was great and we were made to feel at home. We went back the next day for Dim Sum and again, we were thrilled with EVERYTHING!
A nicer restaurant with chandeliers and newer furniture. The favorites of the night were the steamed fish, pepper beef, and the red bean dessert. Everything else was kind of underseasoned and bland (fried rice was just oily, but not fragrant and spiced, and so was the bokchoy). Service is a little awkward. They always reach across your plate to place things instead of turning the lazy susan.
Strange atmosphere, in the middle of a "curtained off" mall food court...brightly lit like a hospital. The food was REMARKABLE!!! The honey walnut shrimp was the best I've ever had. 

Unfortunately I will not eat there again and will give them no more of my business or money. According to their menu they serve shark fin soup. I have made the personal decision to NEVER support businesses that serve or sell products made from shark fins. "Finning" is the procedure used to collect the ingredient. This involves cutting the fins off a live shark and throwing it back into the ocean to drown and die on the sea floor. It is EXTREMELY cruel and inhumane. Arguments have been made that the whole shark is butchered and put to use and THIS IS NOT TRUE. THEY DO NOT USE THE WHOLE ANIMAL. Finning is a horrible practice and many states even have laws against serving shark fin. 

If you are okay with this kind of cruelty, by all means, visit Mekong Palace and enjoy the delicious food. If you have a heart, you will boycott all business supporting this practice.
Best dim sum in Arizona , hands down no competition!
I had the dim sum.  I thought it wasn't particularly bad, but it wasn't that great either.  The service was fast at least, but it's a little weird because it's located in a closed off portion of a food court.  Maybe they're looking for space to move into later.
Since most of the Chinese places here in the valley are not that great this place was a pleasant surprise for the food.  The restaurant itself is really just half of the food court cordoned off to segregate some tables for the Mekong dining area.  They have fish tanks of live seafood you can order which is pretty neat.  The menu is pretty giant and they have a good sized selection of vegetarian food.  The vegetable with black mushroom dish I had was very good it just took a really long time to come out.  My buddies's peking duck came out about 10 minutes before mine.  I'm not really sure what happened. Our waitress was very nice and helpfull with the menu and our questions about the food before we ordered.  So for having a pretty long wait and the fact you are basically eating in a food court they are a solid three and it's a pretty fun place to eat.
Everytime I visit Phoenix, I always have to stop by here at least once before leaving back to Tucson. This place is delicious! I've came here with many friends and families and every one just loves the food here! The restaurant is located inside a big Asian supermarket, making it covenient to go shopping for Asian food right after you eat to digest or before you eat. I always order the PHO here and it's really delicious! The setting and workers are nice as well and this place is a definite place to go check out if you up in Phoenix looking for some good good. Take it from me, I really go here a lot! :)
Dim Sum. Amazing selection and variety. Super friendly staff. Extremely affordable.
So while you shop at the grocery store....check out the awesome dim sum place inside......damn.....this is the best in Arizona so far. Lots of variety. Makes me want to sum dim.....hmmm....
Dim Sum is great here. The people are on top of what they do, never run out of food or drinks. Highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of Asian cuisine!
We came here for dim sum after rave reviews from some trusted friends.  Well....

eh.

First, their "duck tongues".  Supposed to be great.  Frankly, they were like chicken feet.  Nothing to them.  Just bone (yes, there's a bone in the tongue).  Not really the fault of Mekong Palace, of course.  Just the nature of the duck tongue.

But as for the rest, it was very strange.  Pretty much everything we had tasted basically the same.  Shumai, dumplings...everything.  Tasted the same.  Not that it tasted "bad".  It didn't.  But what's the point in a variety of things if they all taste basically the same?  It was boring.

Probably won't be coming back here.
Mekong Palace is located off Dobson Rd. and Main St. in Mesa.  This food court eatery is located inside the Mekong Plaza shopping center.  Mekong Palace is a trifecta of a restaurant.  During the day they offer up Dim Sum, the evenings it's either classic Chinese dining or Hot Pot!

Dim Sum is what I like to call Asian Tapas.  Dim sum, literally translated, means "touch of the heart." Traditional legend says that women would make dim sum dishes for their husbands before they went off to work.  For this reason, dim sum is very labor intensive, made up of small Bo-Bite-sized pieces (usually served in dishes of 2-4 pieces) with attention to detail; even going so far as lines on dumpling wrappings.  Dim sum is traditionally served for breakfast and lunch and is considered an art form amongst Chinese chefs. 

Modern day Dim Sum is served by the waitstaff pushing carts around and in between tables, while patrons view and select the dishes in the carts.  My family and I usually go on Sunday mornings like most Asian families.  I jokingly call this Sunday gathering Chinese Church.  Dim Sum is also called "Yum Cha" or drinking tea since tea is the choice of beverage.

Mekong has all your favorite Dim Sum plates from Siu Mai, Cha Siu Bow, Nah My Guy to Guy Lans and Nai Wong Bows.  Yes, I know, it sounds so foreign, but it's the only way to order it.  No worries, the servers translate all these dishes in English well.   Make sure you bring a Chinese speaking friend.  Not only is it almost a requirement, but makes it more fun, as well.  I love the Dim Sum here not just because the food is great, but because of the atmosphere.  Mekong rocks out on classic Andy Lau, Jacky Cheung, and Vivian Chow music playing while you enjoy a great meal with family and friends.

During the evening, Mekong Palace pumps out great Chinese cuisine.  They have everything from your favorite Kung Pao Chicken to your Sweet and Sour Pork.  However, they also have some great classic authentic Chinese dishes such as Stir-fried Lobster, Mapo Tofu, and my favorite, Stir-fried String beans and pork.  

Think that's it?  Well think again!  Mekong Palace also offers up Hot Pot style dining.  Here at Mekong you get your own pot of hot boiling stew and choice of flavor, while cooking your own ingredients made to order; fresh chopped vegetables, round eye beef and diced calamari.  I love eating Hot Pot here since it's very tasty and also very affordable.  At $2-$3 per plate, this place can get you full real quick at a very fair value
Excellent Dim Sum (Chinese dumplings), in Phoenix of all places.  Tried a few new pieces this time including the shrimp (paste) on green pepper, which was delicious.  Of course the pork buns, an old standby, fresh out of the oven are to die for.  And the crispy shrimp balls, woo hoo!  Me, I ALWAYS get a side of the BBQ duck -- and it is NEVER less than fantastic.   The fried shrimp, with garlic and jalapeno, wowee!  The carts just keep on coming, and the ice tea refills are prompt.  In other words, great service AS WELL AS fabulous dim sum. 

If you're a Dim Sum aficionado, Mekong Palace is great news, you do NOT have to travel to San Francisco.  If you've never eaten Dim Sum before, only heard about it, go to Mekong Palace and be adventurous.   You'll be glad you did!
Came around noon and the wait wasn't so bad. I didn't like that they didn't have enough people pushing the cart. For the amount of people there, there should be more people serving. The food was OK and the place itself is just a bunch of tables placed in middle of a food court. all and all.....its just OK.
Located in the Mekong Plaza food court, we found this place by accident.  We went to the Filipino restaurant next door (Wholly Grill).  I was telling my wife that it had been a long time since I had a really good beef stew noodle soup.  She had a craving for yang chow fried rice, but we had ordered at the Grill.  (See separate review.)  We went to the Palace and ordered both items to go for the following day at home.  We live in Prescott Valley and there isn't a decent Chinese restaurant within 50 miles.  It was excellent!  The beef stew noodle soup was flavorful and the meat was quality.  I'm not a big fan of fried rice, but the one we brought home could change my mind.  They have a nice and spacious setting for a food court environment and there's no doubt we'll be back.
They can be inconsistent.  Some dishes are excellent, but some dishes - like the beef chow fun and Singapore style chow mai fun I recently had - are not.  The beef chow fun was awful, tasteless and far too much bean sprouts.  Their wheat noodle dishes are good, and the rice noodle dish with shredded duck I just had was really good.  Yes, I like their noodle dishes.  The roast pig is excellent.   Their dim sum is extremely popular.  Interesting dishes too, like the fish maw soup - good.  Most of the time it's really good. I'd give them a five if they were more consistent.
Went there this past Sunday, food is very tasty, ordered family style and everything came out timely and good size portions. The one tip if you come here is bring a fly swatter or fly zapper. We had flies all over our table and had to keep waving them away and covering each dish with a napkin. I looked at other tables and either all the flies were at our table or they did not care if they had flies landing on their food.
Pretty standard dim sum. It's good, but not LA or Hong Kong good. The size of the pastry dishes (i.e. bbq pork bun or gai mei bao) were noticeably smaller. They also weren't melt in your mouth soft, but it tasted like it should taste. The lo baht go wasn't as flavorful and cold when we got it. The hahm sui got was on par. The location is interestingly inside an Asian shopping complex next to the food court. I like how it was brightly lit there and looked clean.
I am sad. Just because I ordered no. 32, not anything else (I guess), they asked me to sit outside of their tables. Which is in front of boba drink food court. I can't eat there on their table. It happened twice. I thought it just me but it's not right if you treat customers like this:(.
Typical dim sum served at this restaurant is typical, raging from fair to very good. Most members of the service staff are friendly, a few are efficiency oriented.
I took off a star because while their dishes are usually 5 star it seems that on occasion they have the B team working in the kitchen and they do not know how to cook at all and then it's one star - like the shredded duck i just ordered, which is usually very good, but this last time some fool just took his cleaver and chopped up random bits and  bones and gristle and tossed it in.

Phoenix Palace, a few miles south on Dobson, is much more consistant.
The last time I had Hot Pot it was in Taipei and it was 2009. Clearly I was due for a repeat. Since my China days are over, I had to rely on my friends to take me where they thought the most authentic stuff was in Phoenix, so all 10 of us gathered at Mekong for some Hot Pot goodness.

Here is my easy guide to eating Hot Pot at Mekong.

ORDERING
Sharing is Caring!!  Since Hot Pot is all about sharing, the hard part about it is the strategy. The bigger your party, the harder it will be to coordinate. Groups of 4-6 are ideal. 10 is just a mess. Make sure you all figure out what you collectively want to eat (everyone likes meat? Ok, a couple portions of meat. Only 2 like mushrooms, Ok only 1 serving). Otherwise if everyone fills out an order card with their personal preference you will end up with 1) too many leftovers, 2) a giant bill

PICKING FLAVORS
Go a little past your comfort zone on flavors. A big/spicy/tasty broth is good as you will not be drinking it, but just dipping your sides in it. The stronger the broth, the better the flavors of your sides will be. Also, go above and beyond when making your dipping sauce. Mix and match! Spicy soy sauce mixed with satay, sesame seeds, garlic and cilantro is a good base. Again, you're not drinking the sauce, just dipping your cooked goods in it. The stronger, the better!

COOKING YOUR STUFF
Think like a chef. Not everything will take the same amount of time to cook. The meat will take 10 seconds (in-out-done). The taro will take the longest. Dumplings will take a while to cook, while bok choy, greens and some veggies will be faster. Noodles will also be pretty fast so check often. Also, don't over boil your broth! you have the temp controls under the table, so pick a temperature where you get steady heat and bubbles without making a giant mess and overcooking everything. Experiment! 

EATING YOUR STUFF
Share Share Share. Pass along the sides, try everything (coagulated blood, tripe, fish balls, you name it). If you really want to take some leftovers home, I suggest you cook them prior OR take some of the broth home to cook later. Most of the stuff really don't make good leftovers, so I wouldn't particularly bother unless you went overboard with the ordering.

PAYING YOUR STUFF
Based on the whole sharing technique, I would just split evenly (except for drinks). Since sides get passed around, splitting according to what you ate might be a giant pain in the ass- for both you and the server. Expect to pay around $20 including some drinks.

Overall experience was fun and worth returning. The list of options is large and the quality is A-OK. Doesn't compare to my Taiwanese experience but hey, this is Phoenix after all.
Mekong Palace is definitely my choice for dinner and dim sum, ALWAYS.  While there's no solid walls perse, the decor and ambiance is decent.  How can you not love the cleanliness?

Dim sum:  The prices are a steal for the quality that you get.  Food is fresh, dumplings are big [that's what she said], and the food is just downright amazing.  It doesn't matter if you're the first for dims sum or the lat, the food is always fresh.  Service is always superior and your tea pot is never left empty for more than a couple minutes.  Those kids are on the ball about keeping the pot filled!  I love their seasonal items like the little fried sweet potato balls of heaven and their special items are always exciting to try.  Food is genuinely authentic and I love it here!

Dinner:  Dinner is just as great.  Mekong Palace is the only place to go for Peking Duck.  While other places makes a delicious bird, they usually just give you the skin only with the buns.  At Mekong Palace, they hook it up.  You get the skin for the buns of course but they also prepare two more little dishes with the price of the one dish:  You get lettuce wraps and the duck meat itself.  It's DELICIOUS!  Food at dinner is just as amazing and the portions are gigantic.  This is definitely my favorite place to go when I want some Chinese food [well, here and my mama's house].
This is my favorite place for dim sum AND hot pot in the Phoenix area!

Dim sum always has a wide variety of dishes fresh from the kitchen.  You HAVE to try the coconut jello, it's one of my favorite desserts.  The consistency is fluffy, and not quite like a jello.  It's hard to describe, but so delicious.  Plus, prices are CHEAP.  I can eat here with friends and leave stuffed and only pay $10 (including tip!).

Hot pot is also great and they qive you a lot of food in each order.  I love that each person gets their own individual pot to cook meat and veggies in, so each person can choose a different flavor broth if they want.  Plus vegetarians won't get their broth tainted by meat-eaters.

The only con is if you arrive at the busy time on the weekend, you will have to wait to get your dim sum.  Best to arrive around 10 or 10:30 to avoid the wait.
The shrimp dumplings and chicken feet were very good.  That's all I ordered and the bill came to $5.36 (tax included).  Food is very good for the money.  I was recently at the top rated dim sum restaurant in San Francisco and I would have to say the food here rocks in comparison.  Fresher and better tasting.  The staff here is much friendlier and helpful.  They seem like nice people.
I went here twice with my friends, both turned out to be disaster. Their siu-mai tasted so weird. It like they cooked with ruber band or something. Also, their chicken feet tasted not so good compared to Phoenix Place in Chandler. 
I would not come back to this place again. If you would like to try every best dim-sum, I would recommend Great Wall at 35th and Camelback in phoenix.
This place was converted into a Chinese restaurant after what seems like the building owners being unable to lease out more of its food court stalls.  The hot and steamed dishes here are good. Chicken feet actually stood out to me as very good.  As for the other dishes, you should only take if fresh. Some items have been sitting out for a while, and you can't tell until it's already on your table and you dig your chopsticks into cold or stale food. That is one of my biggest turn-offs at dim sum places. They also need more carts going around when busy. Ask for hot mustard to mix with the chili oil, soy sauce, and vinegar. 

For Phoenix dim sum, my latest ranking from best to worst  is Great Wall, Phoenix Palace, Mekong, then China King. I'd go here if people didn't want to drive down to Chandler or out west to Great Wall.
Best Dim Sum in the Phoenix Metro!  Had a great brunch again today. I love this place!
Held my wedding reception here a couple months ago and Sharon and her team did an amazing job. She blocked off half the restaurant for my guests and the set up was definitely more than I expected. 
From beginning to end, the reception went perfectly. The service and staff were attentive and everyone raved about the food. Because my reception was in between lunch and dinner, we had a half dim sum/half plated menu and everyone had so much food left over to take home! 
I would absolutely recommend this place over some other Chinese restaurants in the valley if you were looking for a delicious, clean (emphasis on clean), cost effective wedding reception or party location. 
We even had a couple people who had food allergies and Sharon made an alternate menu to cater to them.
Food was as good & fresh as any Hong Kong Dim Sum. I was impressed with the freshness of the vegetables and light sauces and the Chicken congee was outstanding. Price was very good for the work that goes into making all those little
 tid-bits of heaven. Found Mekong Palace by seeing that Phoenix Yelp Breakfast Club was having an UN-official meeting there, so it must have been tested out to be good, reviews were all good,  no brained and so glad we went. It is inside the mall, really. It takes up a wing of space......interesting it is not enclosed by drywall or short ceilings, a new concept in placement of mall use.
My mom came in from out of town after I recently moved here. Being from Chicago, one of our traditions together is getting dim sum. I heard about this place and was skeptical...but boy was I wrong! The dim sum was INCREDIBLE, and service was excellent!!!! This will definitely be our go to spot when she comes in town for girls weekend! A must check out for any dim sum connoisseur!
Came to Mekong Palace for February's Breakfast Club UYE to try some Dim Sum, we were a party of 10 and were seated right away.  

Even though the restaurant itself sits in the back of a shopping center, once you are seated you sort of forget that you are in a shopping plaza.

We tried at least 15 different items, everything was delish, my son really enjoyed the shark fin rolls the roasted duck, we also tried noddle dishes, a chicken and rice dish, steamed bbq pork buns, oh gosh we tried everything,  every dish offered a new flavor and everything was very yummy!

Like I said we were a party of 10, and tried over 15 different styled dishes and the total bill for each of us with tip included: $13 bucks! That's right! Great meal for an excellent price, but have to be honest, none of were thinking with our wallet when picking items, we just wanted to tried all the things we could and I was quite shocked to learn it was just 13 per person. 

It was a great time had by all, and I look forward to coming back!
Went here for Dim Sum with the Breakfast  Club. Turns out we had just the right amount of folks for the largest of the tables.  I am still not that up on what is in everything but with two in our group that spoke Chinese we had no surprises.  There were some textures I didn't care for but nothing I disliked the taste of and I went away full without much of a dent in the wallet.  

I really need to go back and explore the plaza more.  It looks sort of like they just wall off part of the food court to serve Dim Sum.
Okay, I'm giving this 4 stars as it's the best Dim Sum place we can get here in the East Valley and I'm Chinese.  There's nothing that stands out, but it's better than the other places that I've tried and been to a number of times.

Maybe the cooks from Hong Kong rotate from the different restaurants and wherever they are, the food tastes better.  I don't know.  

They have all the typical things that you'd expect, minus some of the delicacies you might find in like San Francisco or Los Angeles, like the blood pudding stuff (yuck) and things on that level.

But, well, I don't know how to write in English the dishes, so all those little dumplings, porridge, pastries, taro cake, fried stuff, all those appetizer looking things ladened in grease, yep, they have them here.

I don't know about the prices because my mom always treats.  Anyway, it's fine.
I've been to Mekong Palace many times and my opinion every time has pretty much been, "It's aight." The setup is kind of weird at first because it was converted from a courtyard area to a restaurant but it doesn't seem to affect anything (besides possibly noise).

The dim sum at Mekong is okay. It's not horrible but it's not super awesome, either. I really like the dan tat (egg custard tart things) but it seems like they are out like 90% of the time that I visit. Since I live out of town, this is always disappointing to me. Also, the taro puffs, which are normally my favorite dim sum item, are not very good at Mekong. Their coconut agar jelly sweet is really yummy, though.

Non-dim sum food is also okay. I like their roast pork (the siu yook) but everything else is kind of average. I really like their peking duck but their lettuce wraps (an item that many Chinese restaurants make to "use up" the rest of the meat from the duck) don't taste good to me... at all. I much prefer China Chili or Great Wall's lettuce wrap filling even though I think Mekong's peking duck might be superior. Also, we once requested the banquet-style salad with shrimp, apples, melons, lychee, etc. which was a favorite of mine back in the days of China Doll, but it was not very good even though it was like $50+ for a small dish. I was very disappointed. Those are probably the only dishes I've had that I actually thought were bad. All others have been average to me.

Everything seems clean. Service is fine but we've definitely had some people who were pretty rude. Mekong is a solidly decent place to eat though there are better places to go for dim sum or dinner.
Located in an open area within a small mall. Went to dim sum and it was just average.
Polly's Mom opinions:
"The Calamari Squid are too salty."
"The Lobster are extreme too salty."
"The Service are bad supportive."

Polly's opinions:
"I am agreed with my mother, but service should said, (hi, how are you my is Rudy and I'm going to be your server today)
And besides, my mom don't know who is our server support our table."
I WAS a Dim Sum Virgin ... Until Monica O. posted February's Breakfast Club UYE at Mekong Palace. 

I clicked "I'm in!" and off I went on a Saturday to finally validate that Dim Sum V-Card.  

So this place is in a mall food court; however, once our group of 10 got situated, I barely noticed. 

Glad we had Norm with us for guidance, because I sure as Heck wouldn't have a clue what to do! 

My favorites were the BBQ Pork Steamed Buns, the squid and one of the noodle dishes. 

We tried what seemed like an endless parade of different plates. I know I definitely left quite full. So you can imagine my surprise when we each paid $13 after tip! 

Really enjoyed the company and of course, the food. Look forward to coming back in the future ... And trying Hot Pot!
Best service by a Chinese restaurant ever! Didn't have to ask for refills & the servers were very attentive! They have some amazing clams and seafood.
This place is the bomb for fried rice!!!! Love the beef fried rice. The roast pork was crunchy, too bad they don't carry Mong Thomas Sauce!!! This is our second visit and the customer service was still great. We requested a table near the aquarium because of son likes to watch the fish: and they gladly fulfilled our request. They refilled my cup without asking. We ordered a dish we thought was what we ordered last time, but it wasn't and they gladly took it away. We tried again, and it still wasn't the right dish. We asked for help and they said it was probably the house fried rice that we got during our last visit. The confusion was that that fried rice wasn't on the menu. But we finally got it right the 3rd time around. We feel bad cause our waitress got yelled at for not getting our order right, she told us. But we tipped her nicely afterwards. They offered us dim sum but wasn't sure if it was free. Overall, you get more food for what you pay for. Con: no refills on sodas. Great place for fried rice
Three Village Restaurant is one of the newest Chinese restaurants to be opened in Las Vegas greater Chinatown area (Official grand opening was on Dec 8, 2010).  It is located at the former Champion Gourmet site, which is on the second floor of the old SF Supermarket and in the same plaza as other restaurants such as Shuseki, Swish, and Ah Chung Noodles.  The food it features on the menu is mostly Northern Chinese cuisine, and includes house specials such as Pork Dumpling with Supreme Soup (aka Xiao Long Bao), Pan Fried Soup Bun, Sliced Beef Roll, Jung Dong Meat Pie, Onion Pancakes and Noodle with Pork Bean Sauce.

Prices of the menu items range from $3.95 to $19.95, with most items with the price range between $7.95 and $9.95.  The restaurant also features an All Day Special Combo that costs either $6.50 or $7.95.  For this special combo you get to select one of three soup or soup noodles (Fried Tofu Thin Noodle Soup, Curry Beef Thin Noodle Soup or Hot & Sour Soup) plus another select menu items, such as Pork Dumpling with Supreme Soup, Sliced Beef Roll, Pan Fried Pork Bun.  The portions are generous and you will definitely be full and satisfy selecting one of the All Day Special Combo.

Review of the food:
Fried Tofu Thin Noodle Soup - The broth is pleasant and mild, didn't cared much for the fried tofu pieces as garnish.
Curry Beef Thin Noodle Soup - Nice flavor with subtle curry taste.
Pork Dumpling with Supreme Soup - Not the greatest I have had, but perhaps one of the best available in Las Vegas, it is however definitely the best for the price.
Sliced Beef Roll - tastes good and fairly comparable to those offered at China Mama's, but I think the portion is more generous here.

Dcor - almost none, except the lucky Buddha statue at the entrance.  1/5

Capacity - seats roughly 80 people, with 5 large round tables and 7 small 4-tops.

Service - Friendly, but you can tell they are barely keeping up with the demand of the busy restaurant. 3.5/5

Value - Fair to good. 3.5/5

Taste - Good.  4/5
Good new Chinese spot in Chinatown, stop in for the Dim Sum.

I had lunch here recently, and enjoyed what I ordered.  I had the lunch special, which is customizable.  My order:  Hot n' Sour soup and Pork soup buns (dumplings.)  

The soup was a little too viscous for my likings.  It was like a thick, egg drop soup.  The flavor was nice, both hot and sour as advertised, but I didn't love it. 

The pork soup buns were incredible.  The waitress recommended them, and she was spot on!  The dumplings were filled with tender pork, and a deliciously light broth.  Think of these as a self-contained, wonton soup.  

I like Three Village Restaurant a lot for it's great value, friendly service, and good dumplings.  Like all Dim Sum restaurants, this is better for groups so you can try it all.
I haven't had the dim sum yet. I just came here to try out their xiao long bao. It's alright. Doesn't stand out from other places. I think the juice inside was just a bit too sweet for my taste. However, I would come here if I crave xiao long bao. I'm not sure why many places use that black soy-vinegar sauce. I hate that smell and taste. Clear-white vinegar mix with soy sauce or lemon juice with the garlic has better taste.
I have been to this place twice in the past two weeks and give this place 4 stars, as you can see with my rating. =)

The place was clean and the staff was helpful.  The first time we came, they only had two high chairs for kids.  We had 3 babies that needed high chairs.  Luckily, one of our friends brought their portable infant seat, so no problems.  The reason why I mentioned this is that the 2nd time we went, the week after, they had 5 high chairs.  Talk about addressing the customer's needs.  =)

We had the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup.  This is basically a pork dumpling that has broth/soup inside and comes out when you bite into it.  I normally pick up the dumpling and put it into a soup spoon, so I don't lose the broth when I bite into it.  It lets me slurp up the broth that falls into the spoon after.  My buddy puts the dumpling into a small bowl, so that the broth doesn't escape.  To each their own.  =)  I found the broth tasty and the dumpling delicious.  Note, this is the first time I have tried this dish anywhere, so I have nothing to compare it to.  Regardless, my taste buds liked it.  =) 

We got the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup combination, which lets you pick from one of four soups they offer, I think...  I had the hot and sour soup.  The first week, it wasn't sour enough and was kinda bland.  The 2nd time it was fine for me.  I'll have to come back and see if they get consistent.  However, the bowl size is pretty large and just for an extra $1 with the combination, I'm not complaining.

Another dish we tried was the twice cooked pork.  If you like pork belly, do not get grossed out with fat, and not health conscious, I suggest you try this dish.  The pork belly and tofu is thinly sliced an tastes so good.  It is served in black bean sauce I think, so it has a slightly salty taste.  Note, it is normally served spicy, but we asked that the dish not be served spicy.  

Overall, I would come back here again.
The pork soup buns are very tasty. I love their combos. The soups are very light and not overly salted like many other chinese places.  Finally a place where you can dig in without feeling guilty :)
Service was okay the first time.. & the other food is okay.. but when I come here, I ALWAYS order the Sliced Beef Rolls.

I've been back here a number of times since with my friends and we like to order the beef rolls and the xiao long bao. It's very fragile and hot so when you pick it up to eat, you have to be very careful.

Otherwise, the service has been better. When I get the cravings for beef rolls, I head here.

If you want to pay with a credit card, there's a $20 minimum charge. Too high. :(
Had came here one day with friends after a few of them told me it being pretty good. Had been a while since i had shanghai style food so had hopes up =] 

So the restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of the Pacfic Asian? Mall on the south side of Spring Mountain near Decatur, by the "old" SF market. The restaurant took the spot of where the old Champion restaurant used to be.

Service was decent. Food was pretty good. Decent priced. Menu is kind of small and they are not an authentic full shanghai style restaurant. Reason why i said their menu is small and not an fully authenic shanghai style restaurant is because there is a few dishes i always order when i go to a shanghai style restaurant, which includes the shanghai style stir fried noodles and the shanghai style rice cake.

But anyways, of a party of 5, we had ordered a few things like the Xiao Long Bao, beef rolls, mapo tofu, and Shang Qian Bao. Some of these items were on their Lunch Special menu which is maybe a dollar more than the normal price but it comes with a choice of a soup (Hot and Sour Soup, Curry beef noodle soup, or this other noodle soup) and the main dish. 

Lets begin with my favorite Xiao Long Bao. Its a popular dumpling dish that usually come in 8 in a steamer rack. What makes them so popular is that it is a pork dumpling that has a "pouch" of soup that gets formed after the steaming process at the bottom of the dumpling. Extreme care when picking this up when its hot because the wrapper of the dumpling is more prone to breaking open because it is soft. Luckily for me, after many years of eating these, im quite skilled now to pick these up without it breaking and losing all that yummy soup. good tip is to slightly nudge in all direction with chopsticks on the top part where they had "Closed" the dumpling to lift the dumpling off the wax paper. With the use of both a spoon and chopsticks, lift it up from the top "knot" part and place onto spoon then bring back to your bowl. Be careful ! its hot but thats what makes it good too. Their Xiao Long Bao was made using a very thin wrapper (which is good). Also they contain possibly the MOST soup in each dumpling i have ever had which is quite surprising considering the thin wrapper too. Very nice and flavorful. Great eaten with vinegar (and ginger for those who like ginger, i personally dont haha)

Next is the beef rolls. One of my friends favorite item. 2 long wrap style rolls cut into portions. Nicely wrapped so it doesnt fall apart easily. Flavorful and good balance between the beef and the cilanto inside the wrap. 

Next is the mapo tofu. There are many ways of making this and ive tried quite a few from different restaurants around the world as well as home-made ones. Some like to add minced meat, or more spice, or more of the popular sichuan style spice which gives the "numbing" effect. This restaurants style is a plain cubed tofu with the mapo tofu sauce. Their style is more on the sweet than spicy side. Tofu used was a soft/silk style so its very smooth. 

Last but not least is the Shang Qian Bao. Its a bun style dumpling with probably the same filling as the XIao Long Bao that was pan fried so the bottom has a nice crisp. Topped with green onions and black sesame, their size is pretty good. Like the Xiao Long Bao, they contain soup inside to (so be careful when eating this one too). Nice and flavorful as well. 

Overall, the experience at eating at this restaurant was pretty good. Everything was decently price, fairly average for this style of cuisine. They currently have the best Xiao Long Bao in the city from the places i have tried. Would like to come here again =]
You can tell the place is authentic if youre the only non-Chinese party in the whole restaurant! I've always been wanting to try soup dumplings and finally found a place that serves them! Its location is not perfect: located on 2nd floor of the plaza with SF market and swish, and the restaurant's name is in Chinese so if you're not Chinese.. It will take you awhile to find the place. Luckily, I knew how to read "three" in Chinese and I guessed the rest...

Very small intimate restaurant with a great selection of dim sum menu. We ordered the combination that comes with a soup and an entree. It was a steal for $7-8! I ordered fried tofu soup with pork dumplings with supreme soup. My bf ordered curry soup with beef roll. The soups were big and filling but I was a little disappointed in the fried tofu.. There barely was any tofu and all I tasted was the batter.

It was my first time trying the soup dumplings and they were very fun to eat! They are very delicate so it's better to pick them up and place them on your soup spoon, if you don't you're most likely to break the dumpling and spill the soup which is the best part! That was my favorite dish. My bf loved the beef roll: beef and cilantro wrapped in crispy wonton roll. I only got to try one piece because I was too full from the soup and the dumpling but I wish I got to eat more. 

If you're on a budget and looking for a scrumptious meal, I would definitely recommend three village.
Little Dragon Bun. YUM!! Can't really get it anywhere else.

The beef roll was yummy too, but it was better the first time I was there but not the 2nd... but this is a great place to get Chinese food that you really can't find in most other restaurants... like the Little Dragon Bun!! It is a must try for anyone who hasn't, and a must have for those who have had it before.

Good food and average service for a Chinese restaurant. But a great location. I would say 3.5 stars, but I like this place so I'll round up.
thanks to Jane K.'s recommendation. me and my plus one decided to give it a try. first off, it's hard to get too. i couldn't find the exact location. the best way to get there is by parking on the 2nd floor and use the middle elevators that divide the plaza as a landmark, the restaurant is just passed those elevators. it's a quiet, small restaurant. we received great service from the young man server, but there was another server, an older woman, where we asked if there was pan-fried noodles and she said hold on. what the heck? ..well, to answer that, there's no pan-fried noodles. i got the combo of pork dumpling with supreme soup and curry beef thin noodle soup. and he got pan-fried pork bun and fried tofu thin noodle soup. pork dumpling supreme soup was deeeelish! i've only tried soup dumplings in socal so i was excited that there's a place in LV that serves them. the curry beef thin noodle reminded me of the soup my mom use to make when i got sick as child :) pan-fried pork bun tasted exactly like pork dumplings but wrapped thicker and pan-fried. i prefer not to order them together, they're almost the same dish! so, both our combos was a total of $17 +some change, which is not that bad!
Excellent pot stickers. Also the soup dumplings were comparable to ones I've had in nyc's famous joshanghai's restaurant in china town.  We ordered their special noodle (I don't know the name) that they are supposed to be known for...it seemed like it was microwaved before we got the plate, but I'm not sure because this was the first time I have ever had this type of noodle and have nothing to compare it to.

Went to get some more potstickers... Apparently they do not always make pot stickers. :( so heads up not everything on the menu is available.
Came here with a friend who said their buns are good. The soup was a little spicy and the pork dish was delicious. I would come back!
The soup dumplings were fun--I've never had them before. A little hard to find. The key is to look at the suite numbers.  Like several other places I've been to in Vegas, they only take cash.  If they took credit cards, I'd give another star.
I went for lunch with my family because I wanted some xiao long bao (soup style dumpling is what I believe is on the menu).
We ordered 2 steamed and 1 fried, also a beef roll, 8 ingredient noodle, some chicken dish, a fried pancake thing and something else I can't remember.

The steamed xiao long bao wasn't bad, I think they should have steamed it a little longer but the flavors were there and the best part is the juicy soup instead of the dumpling with some black vinegar - the only way to eat them!
The fried ones were pretty good, the dough to meat ratio was good and I just love the way the dough tastes with the juices on the inside.
The beef roll was pretty tasty, not too crazy oily, so that was good.
I could have done without the noodle dish because there should have been more sauce and there were indeed 8 ingredients, but they were a little cheap on it.  The noodles were freshly made, so that was a plus.
The chicken dish was horrible; it first came out with no flavor whatsoever.  We sent it back - instead of making another fresh dish, they re-cooked it adding more "flavor", but the meat got tough and there was slight flavor the second time.  It also just tasted like old chicken and something they probably cooked a couple times before.  We told one of the servers our problem with the chicken dish.  It seems like it went out the other ear because it was still on the bill.  We told another server the problem with the chicken and it still being on our bill and he went to take it off.  That just left a bad taste in our mouth since it was obvious that we didn't eat the chicken and all that.

We'll be back because of the xiao long bao.
Because I play mah-jong, I was able to spot the chinese character "3" in the name Three Village Restaurant.  And because the sign isn't in English, I was expecting authentic Chinese food that would transport me back to China.  Maybe I ordered the wrong items, because it was just OK.  I have had freshly made xiao long bao, and these did not taste fresh at all.  

The service, however, was the most disappointing part.  There was only 1 other table besides my family in the restaurant, and every time I attempted to get 1 of the 2 servers' attention, it was like hailing a cab in New York City.  They were just too busy talking to each other.  I am used to not so warm service in Chinese restaurants, but being completely ignored is unacceptable.
so i cam in today just for one thing and that is of course the Shanghai soup dumpling . i ordered to pan fries style OMG it was so delicious. all it need is some black vinegar, a lil chili paste and a few drop of soy sauce .... man it was super crispy on the bottom and steamy on the top. The feeling is super good ,the taste was on point and of course the juice just squirted out as soon as u take a bite... Warning juice from the Dumpling squirts up to 3 feet so watch out ...
ok.. if u follow me at all u know i love spicy and Asian food.. this place delivered... The food was really good but the dim sum was better than most. I really loved the dumplings.. and the service was good too.. Now.. it isn't my loved Dong Ting Spring.. but it is in the arena!
I've gone to the Three Villages 5 times for lunch.  The first few times, I just ordered what they're known for, the soup dumplings.  Although they're delicious, because they're a bit heavy, the last two times I ordered some of the other items on the menu.  The seasonal vegetable in garlic is some of the best I've ever had.  They didn't have my favorite, the snow peapod leaves but the ong-choy was outstanding.  Their hot and sour soup is also one of the best.  Unlike some restaurants that serve pre-made gummy and salty soup, the soup at this place came out perfect.  The last time I was there, I ordered the 8 Treasures noodle dish.  It was the freshest home-made noodles served with vegetables, shrimp, and meat.  The service was also very good.
This is a TRUE AUTHENTIC Chinese food restaurant you don't want to miss when you visit Vegas. The "little dragon steam bun"/steam pork dumpling is as good as the one you can have at "Din Tai Fong", a Chinese/Taiwanese owned chain restaurant in LA and in Taiwan. Other than that, the meat pancake, "cat ears" dish, scallion pancake, Shanghai stir fry rice cake and many more are fantastic.  You will trust me if you try the above.  ENJOY!
***3.5 stars***

Our hiking group went here today for our annual Chinese New Year lunch.  One of our hiking group is Chinese and she ordered the same thing for us all.  We had a choice of the soup we wanted--I chose hot and sour soup--and everyone got an order of Xiao Long Bao, the soup dumplings about which many of the reviews mention.

The soup and dumplings were both very good.  I've had Xiao Long Bao before at another restaurant and these were on par or even a bit better.  The hot and sour soup was tasty.  

Finding the place was a bit hard.  There was no sign that I saw--certainly none from the parking lot.  I knew it was on the second floor of this shopping plaza in Chinatown, but I didn't know to head down the little area that runs south from the elevator.

There were 10 of us at the round table.  Service was adequate--nothing special.  They delivered the dishes we ordered but did not bring refills of water and we had to ask for more tea.  One pot for a table of 10?

In all, it was a nice lunch to celebrate the Year of the Dragon.
So I have been here many times just finally writing a review.  I take a lot of out of town guests here to try something new they won't find at home.  We traveled across the world to have the original dumplings in Shanghai both fried and steamed they are street food there but to find them good here it is an experience.  We have searched the country over to find them in the US San Francisco, Chicago, New York and LA the only place that has come close was New York and LA.  So needless to say I was so happy to find better then New York or LA here in Vegas!  

The steamed dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)  in my opinion are the closest to the ones in Shanghai. Now here is the thing the fried soup dumplings (not sure of the actual name in Chinese) we have never found in the US are amazing here and just like the ones we had in Shanghai.  The owner who works in the kitchen is from Shanghai and makes the dumplings himself if you get there late they will be sold out of the fried ones.  I am almost always the only white person here so you know the food is good!   A few of the other things we always order is the Lamb Cumin and the Beef Roll also very good.

Most of the places we have found that have Xiao Long Bao the wrapping is thick, sticky and stale.  The trick to these dumplings is the wrapping is thin and it has to have an even mixture so the flavors fully come through or it is just a waste of time.  The wrapper here is so thin if you have heavy hands you will tear the wrapper and all the soup comes out!  Party Foul!!!!  So be very gentle picking it up put it softly in your soup spoon and bite a little off the top to let it cool.  Pour a bit of black vinegar in the opening and add your ginger to your liking.  Now If you let them sit too long in the tin they will start to stick to the bottom and the whole experience is ruined because you will never get any soup.  The pan Fried dumplings are thicker, bigger and have more meat in it.  You do not have to be careful picking these up but still gentle.  Do not let these sit to long either or the soup will absorb into the breading.

This place is a bit hard to find the name of the restaurant is written in chinese it is on the second floor kinda heading towards the back.  I just park of the second floor and head right in.  This is an authentic chinese restaurant so if you want nice waiters and tables that are constantly being bussed then this isn't your place.  But if you want authentic hard to find GREAT soup dumplings then head on in!
The only reason why I come here is to eat their Xiao Long Bao, and for their Xiao Long Bao and the other entrees that they have, I think this place deserves a 4 star. Like what other people said, this place now has the best Xiao Long Bao in Vegas and I loveee to eat them.

I liked most of the other food here too, all the dumplings, noodles, and the hot and sour soup is pretty good. I usually get the special that they have, so I get the entree and the soup too. The other soup are bad though, it tasted like they just used instant noodle soup... I tried their Shanghai Stir-fried noodle before, it tasted good, but a little too oily. Also, their Pan-fried Xiao Long Bao is just alright, I had it once and the some of the  soup inside it leaked, so almost half of them were dry inside.
Three Village is another favorite chinese restaurant of mine. You must try their pork dumplings very juicey and very tastey! Also i recommend ordering the beef wraps everyone loves it , along with their pork belly. Price is pretty cheap and you get your moneys worth.. service is great much better than all the other chinese restaurant.. I highly recommend this place if your ever in the chintown area..
This is an excellent authentic Shanghai style restaurant.  I tried the onion pancakes (cong you bing) and soup combo.  The onion pancakes were delicious and cooked perfectly.  For the soup, I picked hot and sour.  I was expecting a small bowl of soup since it was part of a combo but they brought a fairly large bowl.  This was some of the best hot and sour soup I've had, with lots of egg and tofu in it and a good broth that had just the right combination of hot and sour.  I also ordered the "empty center" vegetable (kong xin cai) - it was not bad but not sure I would order it again.

The service was good, with a friendly waitress that was attentive about keeping my water glass full.

Next time I plan to try one of their main specialties, the Shanghai dumplings with broth inside of them.
Have a crave for the pork dumplings one night and came here. There aren't a lot of restaurants in Vegas that offer that dish. Ordered a pork dumplings with supreme soup combo. I actually like the chicken soup they have. The pork dumplings are just alright.  My boyfriend ordered Mongolian beef but they gave us Mongolian lamb instead....Didn't bother to ask for a change because we are in a hurry. Food deserves 3.5 stars

Service- there's only one server at that time... It's slow and she is not really attentive. Asked for our bill few times and she still couldn't see us.  2 stars! 

What's worse is after I went home.... My throat felt so dry...Ah... Bet it's all the MSG in the soup!
As someone who eats Chinese food in New York City, Beijing, and all over the world, I can truly say that Three Village restaurant in Las Vegas is a hidden gem, a real local treasure. Although the dumplings were perhaps a tad on the sweet side, they were very solid. Also the shanghai noodles were outstanding. However, by my lights the real surprise were the soups. The hot and sour and other soups that we tried were outstanding.

Service was friendly, polite, and efficient. Couldn't want anything better in that regard. The decor and atmosphere are straightforward and absolutely presentable. In short, amazing food for very little money. 

Highly recommended.
First things first, the food is great.  This is the only Shanghai place in Chinatown (I think) and their food is as close to authentic as Vegas can get.  I especially love their specials menu on the back where if you order one entree, you can get a soup for a little extra charge.  You can get a lot of food for under $10.  

When I went here, I ordered these noodles with beans, peanuts, mushrooms, tofu, and meat in a special sauce.  I think they're called Eight Noodles or something, but I love these.  Only Three Village serves these noodles.  Slightly spicy, piping hot, and al dente noodles, this was my favorite dish.  

I ordered it with the hot and sour soup.  Normally, restaurants add too much sour and corn starch so it becomes almost gelatinous.  Here, the texture of the soup was perfect as well as the balance between sour and spicy. 

The worst part of the restaurant, however, is the service.  Never before has the service been such a killer of my good-food feel.  I'm pretty tolerant of bad service, too, but the waitress ignored our table the entire time.  Even worse, there is only one waitress.  When I went, there was only one other table, and she spent 15-20 minutes conversing with the table while I had to get up and service myself.  Worst service.  Ever.
Awesome hidden gem that I just discovered.  This place has the best Xiao Long Bao - hands down.  When you go to China Mama or Wendy's, the XLB are shriveled up and sometimes completely dried out.   The XLB at Three Village are probably at least 33% bigger in size and does not look like it was frozen.   These are handmade.

The pan fried XLB are also delicious but very filling.   I prefer the steamed but many will like the pan fried especially if you're a fan of the pan fried noodles.

We also ordered the lamb dumplings which were very addicting.  We will soon return within 15 hours as we're returning the next day to try their vegetable and fish dumplings.   The Shanghai Stir fried noodles were extremely flavorful but a little oily.  Still very good.

I'm amazed this place has only 3.5 stars.   This should be at least 4 stars.  They have combos where you can get xiao long bao along with a soup for maybe 1-2 dollars more.  We had some hot and sour soup which was decent but the star of the show is the dumplings.   

Prior to coming here I would go to Noodle Pot for dumplings.  Their dumplings are very good - very homestyle, simple.   These dumplings are Shanghai style more refined.  They're both great options but in terms of Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings, this is the new king.

** Warning - there is usually only 1 waitress serving.  It is worth the wait or go kill time and come back when it dies down....The food is awesome - only downside is the wait **
the soup dumplings (house shanghai dumplings and shanghai pan-fried dumplings) are the beSTTTT! best in vegas for me so far. I love them so much, i rarely venture off to try other items on the menu.
Great shanghai soup bun. It is the best in town. Just be careful of the hot yummy juices inside the bun. The hot and sour soup is by far the best in town.
Well isn't this a hidden gem my parents found in Chinatown of Las Vegas!  I was so excited to learn that there was some what of an authentic place to eat Shanghainese/Taiwanese/Chinese style food in Vegas!  

I must say first this, you need to understand that it is nearly impossible to get the same kind of food you get when you're either in China or Taiwan, probably because it something in the water, or just that the best cooks stay in their home country! ;-)  

This place however, comes close at satisfying those cravings for the things I love to eat in Asia!  

A few of my favorites here are the beef rolls, wrapped in green onion pancakes, the xiao long bao (little soup dumplings), the fish dumplings, stir-fry rice cakes (shanghainese style), and the Jing Dong bing (which is a type of pancake with pork inside).  

Each bite was sooo nostalgic to Asia!  Although it cannot compare to the places I've eaten at in Taiwan, it was pretty close and I can't complain...It is much much cheaper to drive to spring mountain to grab a quick bite than to fly to Asia for a long trip! ;-) Am I right? 

Service is a bit slow at this place, but that's probably because there's only 1 lady running the entire restaurant in the front (or at least that what it seemed to me when I was there).  I understand hard work and the amount of stress it is to be in that position, so I decided to just jump in and help her with refilling the tea pots at my table and grabbing some take out boxes!  She didn't seem to mind, and in fact, she seemed pretty happy to see so many of my friends and I enjoy the food at her restaurant.  

I am definitely coming back here again to get my cravings satisfied! =D
It's a mystery to me that this place does not have a 5 star rating.  If it was possible I would give them 10 stars!  Their dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) are to die for.  They offer them steamed or pan-fried.  Both varieties are good, but I prefer the steamed, as the pan-fried are much larger and seem to be more wrapper, making it harder to enjoy the flavor of the pork filling.  We've loved every variety that we've tried, Shang hai style (pork), house, seafood, and lamb.  The pork belly is so freaking good too.   I enjoy their beef roll pie, which is a green onion pancake stuffed with beef & fresh cilantro, but be warned that it is very filling.  If you order any of their combo dishes, you get a choice of soup with your dish : hot & sour, beef noodle curry, or tofu noodle curry.  I'm a big fan of the beef noodle curry.

Be very careful when eating the steamed dumplings; they come out VERY fresh and VERY hot.  My technique is to poke a small hole in the top to allow it to cool for a minute before attempting to eat it.

This place is such a great value, as every time we come we pig out, but when the bill comes it's so cheap for all of the delicious dumplings that we put away.  Without question this is my favorite place to eat, and I just can't get enough of their authentic dumpling goodness.
This place lives up to the hype because the food is absolutely delicious and pretty darn cheap too. So I read from other reviews that its kind of difficult to find because the sign is in Chinese, however I think that was awhile back ago because there is a huge sign now in English that says 3 Village. It's actually big enough to be seen from down the parking lot and even when driving on Spring Mtn. None the less, the restaurant is located upstairs just south of the elevator. My friend and I came during a week day for lunch and I would say it was about 75% filled to occupancy and that's a good amount considering it was a week day. Also all the patrons looked Chinese except us, which implies this place is authentic right? We both order the specials that comes with the soup. The fried tofu was really delicious with a home made taste, but modified for a restaurant. Loved it! We also had the pork dumpling and beef roll. The dumpling was AMAZING because you immediately know these are made in house and they even have some broth inside of them?! Really unique because I've never had dumplings with liquid inside. The beef roll was really good too. I was expecting this to be like a spring roll but it was kind of different because it was some type of thin savory pancake they rolled the beef in. Lastly both the soup and beef roll had cilantro in them and I love cilantro so it really added the taste of freshness to both dishes. Highly recommend this place, the only down side it that the service is terrible. Probably because there was only 1 server taking care of the entire front of the house? We asked for water- never got it, didn't check up on us after receiving our food and it took awhile for us to get our check. I was actually going to order something to-go, but I gave up. Why must Chinese restaurants have bad service 90% of the time?!
It feels like it's been a while since I've had the pleasure of writing a 5 star review.   That's not for lack of trying, but lately new places I've tried just simply have not completely impressed me.  Today that changed.

I'd been wanting to try Three Village for quite some time ever since I'd read some of the extremely positive reviews of their XLB or Soup Dumplings as us normal people call them (kidding).   I used to frequent China Mama regularly and really loved their version, so I was excited to try these as they seem to be more popular.  I ordered the Shanghai Soup Dumpling Combo with The Beef Curry Noodle Soup, and my friend ordered some noodle dish that I can't find any evidence of what it was called here on the site.  I should have paid more attention.  He got the Hot and Sour soup just so he could be different from me.  We also shared a Beef Roll.

First up was my soup in a much larger than I anticipated bowl.  I figured since it was part of the combo special it'd be a small serving.  I actually thought they might have made a mistake and brought out the same soup for my friend and I thinking we'd ordered the same kind.  It had a great mild curry flavor, and had quite a bit of noodle and not enough beef for my liking, but is there EVER enough beef for my liking?  Really loved the flavor on this.  Next came the soup dumplings and my friend's noodle dish at once, so now we were certain they'd forgotten his hot and sour soup.  I wasn't quite ready to bring it up.  Naturally I loved the soup dumplings.  They were every bit as good as I remember the China Mama version, but the advantage Three Village has is that they seemed more carefully made.  At Mama I had a lot of experience with dumplings that would burst open upon merely being touched by a chopstick, and the wrapper would just seem almost too thin and soft if that's even possible.  Many a shirt have been ruined by myself there.  Here, I didn't have one soup spillage incident.  Every single dumpling made it to my spoon for me to carefully bite the small hole into it myself.  Same great taste, less ruined shirts.  PLUS, I got to see my friend attempt to just simply pop one into his mouth even as I warned him against it.  I really wish I hated my friend so I could have enjoyed this experience more.  I'd advise anyone to bring their most hated enemy that doesn't know about soup dumplings to do this

Moving on, I really liked my friend's noodle dish as well.  It had all kinds of ingredients that I could see, including but not limited to tofu and I believe shrimp?  If I don't order it, I don't pay enough attention.   I really thought I'd find a pic of it in the pictures here on yelp, but no.   Then came my friend's hot and sour soup and the beef roll.   I wasn't too fond of his soup.  I explained I prefer it to be much more vinegary as I'm used to it at potentially more Americanized Chinese restaurants.  He said this was more traditional.   I don't know if I should believe a man who didn't even know how to eat soup dumplings, but okay.  It wasn't by any means bad, but I just like more SOUR in my hot and sour soup that I don't think this provided.  The beef roll was magical.  I'd had this dish several times at Mama but I gotta say I much prefer this version.  Much less greasy, but with all the amazing flavor I recall.  A must order.

Service was friendly, fast, and efficient.  The only extremely minor gripe might be the order in which the food came out seemed haphazard and random, but really when all the food is as good as it was, I didn't really mind.
Living (part-time) in Vegas has allowed me to try a whole bunch of new foods I haven't been able to try - Vegas has convenient parking and amazing restaurants all within a close radius of each other. My first time at Three Village was also my first time having soup dumplings. I was in NY previously and wanted to try the famous Prosperity Dumpling, but it was too out of the way and the dirtiness kind of turned me off.  The soup dumplings here were really tasty  and since I have no frame of reference, are the best I've had so far. It was a good change of pace from the traditional steamed and fried dim sum I'm used to. 

They provide very large portions here - we did the soup dumpling combo with the hot and sour soup. The soup came in a very large bowl and was very flavorful, with a generous amount of egg and tofu pieces. We also had the Chicken "Beacon" (supposed to be bacon) Vegetable Rice. It was really moist, good ginger flavor and I'll think I'll try making it at home in my rice cooker. I'll be definitely coming back here to explore more of the menu. Service was attentive and the dining room was immaculately clean. It's on the 2nd floor of the complex and their is convenient parking lot right off the back door of the restaurant. Thanks Vegas yelpers for another great find!
While reading a vegas weekly magazine one sunny afternoon I came across a small little ad on three villages. Shanghai style dimsum it says. I am obviously intrigued. So I go to my fav yelp ap and find out what the fuss is all about. 4 star, hmmm definetely worth a check out. 

Off we went. Me and my lovely wife to enjoy the flavorful new food from a restaurant that we havent try before.

We have the shanghai dumpling which I can honestly says one of the best I have in a long time. Its really up there with din tai fung dumpling. I also ordered the 8 combination noodles. Its absolutely fantastic. I havent enjoy eating this much. But this restaurant will be one of my new fav.
I've been looking for uncomplicated family style Chinese food in LV and this is it! My friends and I enjoyed pretty much every item we ordered. The only exceptions were the soup dumplings and the regular dumplings. The dumpling wrap was too doughy but the inside contents were still tasty. I really enjoyed the following items:

1. Spicy fish and tofu soup - AMAZING!!! I didn't catch the name but show them the photo if you want to try it. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/three-village-restaurant-las-vegas?select=4Wt4TSz7gC92XE_IQQfY0g#JSAKBr-cfIIfCU4nfIlmig
2. Beef roll - the chives on the wrap brings this dish together!
3. Chia Chia Myun - noodles in black bean and pork sauce
4. Chinese broccoli - I could simply eat this and rice! Stir fried and perfectly salty!

Lastly, they don't serve alcohol in the restaurant but they allow BYOB. What a great inexpensive dining experience. 

Tip: Oh and you might want to bring a Chinese friend because the staff does not speak too much English.
Oh, yes! I'm definitely a fan of these so called 'soup dumplings'....

Ordered the following with hubby tonight
Combo - hot n sour soup w/ pan fried dumplings
Combo - hot n sour soup w/ beef roll
steamed potstickers

Hot-n-sour soup was delish and by far my most favorite of anywhere I've ever had it.
Beef roll was not greasy at all despite the way it looks - yummy, but something I can pass on next time.  The steamed potstickers were ok...I actually messed this one up because they are normally pan fried and I had them change it to steamed on accident - I was really trying to order some steamed soup dumplings.  Oh well, we'll just have to come back to try them another time - cuz we'll definitely be back.

The star of our meal were the pan fried soup dumplings...I just wish I knew how to mix the vinegar, chili and soy sauce - lol!

I can't wait to go back and try the pork belly and bacon rice!
First off, Three Villages is tucked away in the corner on the second floor of that Pacific Center/ Asian center with Bazic and Hue Thai -- near the "Massage" place. I've never had Northern style Chinese so I'm really glad I had the opportunity to try it. 

I ordered their steamed pork dumplings, no need to poke holes, possibly losing its contents, or any of that nonsense. Just gave it a little sauna bath in the vinegar/soy sauce for a few seconds to cool off and bada-bing you can down that sucker. Also, enjoyed the beef roll, slices of been wrapped in a thin tortilla like scallion pan cake. Lastly we ordered the Shanghai style noodle, slightly larger than chow mein with pieces of pork and napa cabbage. Overall great, warm food for 2 carbivores on a chilly day. While I'm not dying to return, I'm gonna go back when I need more yummy soup dumplings in my life. 

According to the homie Tony T., the place has changed hands several times and as a result the quality has suffered. I couldn't really tell as I don't have a previous experience to use as a reference point and enjoyed the food, place was clean and service was prompt and on point.
The soups here are amazing.  I should say though is that their broth is amazing, really good taste to it.  I had the pan fried dumplings, which are my favorite.  You have to be careful though, because the soup that come out of them is HOT!
This restaurant has made me one of the worst Las Vegas hosts ever. Because every time somebody comes to town and asks for Chinese, this is one of my top 3 suggestions and I almost always end up ordering the same thing. Hey, when you're Chinese and you go Chinese, there's no need to be adventurous anymore. 

Some of their top hits are their beef wrap (NOM NOM NOM), golden tofu, Shanghai rice cakes, and xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I'm a shameless xiao long bao elitist and my standards are higher than Yao Ming stands tall, but for the price at this joint, you are getting what you pay for, and it's good! 

The staff is exactly what you expect and look for in an Asian restaurant - attentive but in the backdrop so as not to interrupt the loud conversation about the table about homeland politics, scandals, and other gossip. 

Chew on!
After reading the Yelp reviews, I was able to find this restaurant with ease. They were located on W Spring Mountain Rd/near W Decatur Blvd  in Las Vegas. I drove up the ramp and found the English and Chinese names for the restaurant.  They have an English sign now.  

They don't really serve the traditional Dim Sum with the metal carts.  The menu calls some of their dishes Dim Sum.

I went for late dinner on a Thursday night.  The restaurant was half full.  The styrofoam containers were stacked in plain sight.  The cash register area was a mess.

There was only one server running his tail off. He brought me complimentary hot tea, the food, and the bill.  Those were the only times he came to my table.

The Beef Roll was okay.  There were 2 rolls on a plate which were sliced.  The sliced beef was unusual.  The beef and cilantro were rolled in a grilled wrap.  I used a lot of chili paste to give it flavor.

The 8 steamed hot soup dumplings were okay.  This was the first time I have had something like this.  I was prepared for the soup to squirt out as I bit into the dumpling.

I would rather have wonton soup or a plate of potstickers.  I don't think I would come back.
I stopped by purely for the authentic shanghai soup dumplings, which they did not disappoint.  I've been to Din Tai Fung near L.A. last year and was a bit disappointed that their soup dumplings were a bit off (probably a taiwanese style soup dumpling).  The dumplings were still good, but the skin was too thick.

The dumplings at 3 Village are pretty close to the motherland version.  The skin was thin and there was a right amount of juice to meat ratio.  Definately a great spot for a quick bite or a traditional dinner.

We also ordered the spicy beef and fish which was delicious as well.
Different take on Dimsum ordered Ala Carte food was good although some of the dumplings were flavored differently from the typical Dimsum Dumplings. Definitely will try again the food.
Really impressed with their xiao long bao (Shanghai steamed dumplings). I'm not an expert on them, but theirs are my second fave (Joe's in NY is still #1). I liked them so much I got two orders.
Better than noodle pot and they take credit cards! I'm a big fan of the beef rolls here, especially since they are consistently crispy on the outside unlike noodle pot which is hit or miss depending on how busy.  The shanghai fried noodles were flavorful and the pork in the dish is really tender.  The xiao long bao is also better than Wendy's...so all in all solid place for food.  The downside is the service....don't get me wrong very friendly server....but it was one guy serving 9 tables.  Not just serving the tables, but seating, cleaning the tables, grabbing the check...refilling water....it felt like a real life version of the cooking mama game.  Despite the slow service, I'd still return for the food.
Went there last Friday .. Sing said move downstairs .
It is no longer the same super fantastic restaurant..
The afternoon special no longer, the good beef noodle from the previous owner no longer serve replaced by thin Japanese ramen just awful.
The pan fried buns were just passed. Missed the old 'Three Villages '
It was a fantastic restaurant.. The new place just not worth the trip.
Sadly, I think 3 Villages is no more!

Went last night craving soup dumplings - and there is a sign on the door saying the restaurant has moved downstairs...but it is NOT 3 Villages. It is called "1900" - very different menu. "The Guy" was nowhere in sight. I asked the waitress, "Why did you move" and she answered "I don't know - maybe they had some disagreement?" which I took to mean that the people running 1900 are not the 3 Villages people.

As for the food, ehhhh...most of what we asked for was not actually available, and the few things we got - beef roll, xuxi smoked fish, and shanghai noodles were just OK. 

I mourn the soup dumplings!
I was debating between 3 and 4 stars but when I remembered the workers, the service, and how long it took to get our food... I decided to go with 3. Also, the steamed soup dumplings that everyone raved about.... definitely just a 3. Have you tried these dumplings in NYC or LA? Honestly, they are incomparable. 

My visit here was still very much rewarding because I devoured their noodles in black bean sauce. I've always been a big fan of this dish, but many Chinese restaurants tend to screw it up... making it too bland or too salty. They did a great job here! The noodles were sticking together a bit too much, but that didn't stop me from finishing the entire bowl! It was delicious. 

My other favorite item had to be their hot and sour soup. Not too salty, great flavor, hearty, generous portion, and it certainly made me happy :). 

For a Chinese restaurant, the food took WAYYY too long. The hot and sour soup came first, but not for a little while. Probably at least 10-15 minutes. Soup at a Chinese restaurant is usually at your table within the first couple minutes tops. It took another 10 minutes or so for the noodles with black bean sauce. Thank goodness this dish was so damn good, otherwise I would've gotten irritated at how much longer the dumplings took. Once the dumplings got there, we realized we are getting pretty full. Then, perhaps 30 minutes after the dumplings arrived, when we were pretty much done eating, the beef roll was put on our table. Ummm... oops. Forgot we even ordered that! We technically should've just sent it back politely letting them know that we are done eating already, and over 45 minutes for a not-so-complex dish is unacceptable. Instead, we went the more civil route and boxed it up to take home. 

So overall, the prices here are fair, the ambiance is average (definitely doesn't feel like a Chinese restaurant though), and the mood is pretty dull. The workers were super unfriendly, swamped with only a few tables, and inattentive. They have a lot to work on, but some of their dishes are so good that they're worth going back for.
The Chef moved downstairs, 1900 Restaurant or 1900 Cuisine Restaurant (not sure of the exact name) still delicious and more menu options. They have Giant Soup Dumplings $4.99 for one. So good! Service is still terrible.
Food is still good, maybe even better. The service is still the same, actually even worst. I still give the food 4 to 5 stars but service is negative 4 to 5 stars.
Awesome Food, Great People  !!!!
Sushi  was not too bad except for seaweed, not so good. However, happy hour menu is not much to offer 
compare to other place. The price is kind of high for the size of a roll which is kind of small.
I'm a big fan of the food and drink offered here.  Lots of noodle and stir fry places put a lot of green/red peppers and bamboo shoots in the mix so they can skimp on the good stuff (meat and other veggies).  This place has a good balance of ingredients in all of the dishes I have tried.  My boyfriend commented that he really likes the noodles, he was sad to finish them off before he had eaten all the chicken in his curry. 

The bar has a lot to offer but the prices are a little steep considering the happy hour specials other places in the area offer.  The food on the other hand is very reasonably priced with large portions.
I can't say enough about the food, drink and atmosphere.  I've been coming here for a few years and it's always VERY VERY good.  It's been my pleasure to convert quite a few friends into believers.  

Oh yeah... the vibe!  it's sweet!
Really small place with really good live jazz music, food & drinks. The food prices are low but drinks are a little high.  Make sure to check out their facebook page to find out when they have live music:  http://www.facebook.com/AsiaInMesa

Overall, this is my favorite place to go when I want a mellow night out with my hubby.

Looks like this restaurant is now just called "Asia" and has a separate yelp account for reviews:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/asia-mesa#query:asia
The rolls the best, I suggest monkey plays wit fire or the lazy dragon.
This was our first time here and we came at the recommendation of Jenni L.  We really enjoyed our meal here this evening.  Our party was 6 and we easily found seating and were quickly served.  The ambiance is nice - dark place, modern decor and styling.

The menu is very simple but offers quite an eclectic 'asian' selection of food.  I chose the curry noodles with chicken and was impressed with the flavor as well as the juicy texture of the white chicken meat (hell, I can't even get my chicken breast that juicy at home!).  Noodles were cooked well.. not soggy and not too hard - but perfectly cooked with a bit of a bite to them.

Our server was prompt and friendly and we enjoyed our evening here.  The food was highly filling (their bowls are friggin huge!) and I seriously didn't expect to be able to eat all that they served me (but I did!).

I would come back again if I were in the neighborhood.
Oh the Asian Kitchen is amazing. The menu is divided into different Asian Countries but the best thing on the menu has got to be the Ancient House Special Fried Rice. It is just divine- not greasy or heavy at all. They wok fry the rice with egg, shrimp, and chicken. If it's your first time coming here I implore you to try this and you'll be coming back for more like the Drunken Shrimp and Chicken which has a great spicy peanut sauce. 

The killer entrees come in huge portions, I normally have to take half of it home and enjoy later.  They also have a good sushi menu and a great sushi chef who is personable and pretty darn fast. My favorite sushi on the menu is the "It's Always Sunny in AZ" and the "Big Buddha Roll". The service is always great, the happy hour rocks, and they have live music on Friday nights. I can't believe this little gem is located in Mesa, but it's definitely worth the drive.
We end up at this place when one friend in particular comes through town. He's a big fan and we don't mind it. Usually generous cocktails, the sushi is great, but all the noodle dishes end up tasting the same in my opinion. Not bad, necessarily, but not spectacular. The Vegas Roll will keep me coming back.
I am incredibly excited to have discovered this place. I've spent years searching the valley for what I considered to be "coastal state grade" sushi, and I believe I've found it. The quality of the fish  that is served in the sushi is incredible. It actually has some structural integrity!! For those of you who eat sushi, you know what I mean. This stuff isn't slimy at all. It is extremely fresh! They also have some pretty incredible beers available. I was stoked to find some awesome IPA's, and to find out that they frequently bring in new ones. Fellow hop-heads will sympathize with me on this. I highly recommend this place if you enjoy a nice, strong IPA and some quality sushi!
This is a small restaurant with max seating of 45.  The ambiance is intimate with subdued lighting and close seating.  The service is usually prompt and willing to answer questions.  The food is delicious!  With sushi and main entrees hailing from several Asian countries, this place has plenty of options.  My favorite dish here is Green Fuel, but have not had a dish here that I didn't like.
Mmmm. This is my favorite Asian cuisine! It is a small, independently owned business with a WONDERFUL menu, fairly priced, and friendly staff. They have the customer in mind :) I could eat here everyday. Good for happy hour drinks and appetizers
Great wok'd meals as well as great sushi! Drink specials and happy hour sushi! Try the drunken shrimp and chicken! The seafood curry is incredible too!
Cool little neighborhood hole in the wall. Seems pretty busy during happy hour 3-6
 The garlic shrimp were very good  and made fresh. Lettuce cups were good.
I tried happy hour sushi for the first time and ...well......so so.
The rice was less than fresh and sort of hard on my spicy tuna roll but the crab roll was a bit better. Fresh moist rice is key and in az........rice gets hard in minutes.
I'll go back a few times for happy hour and report back.....
This place reminds me of those little secret places in tempe.
The interior needs to be freshened up a bit.
been there over a 100 times never had bad food or service. Great place for lunch.
Amazing food! Friendly staff and such a welcoming and comfortable atmosphere! Definitely recommended to everyone! Cant wait to eat here again!!!
Worst service. I went when I was pregnant and unable to eat raw fish. The server didn't even know what she was bringing out. I asked her if she could ask someone and she just walked away. The manager was aware of the situation and didn't even care. I had to pay for a meal I didn't even eat, although I was extremely hungry. I will never eat here again.
We use to come a lot. Haven't been back in a while but will when we are around and in the mood. It's good sushi with a pretty cool owner.
Customer experience was horrible.  My friend got her food before me and finished it before me. One server, one chef, poor experience. Will never come again. BTW I'm still hungry
John and his crew are awesome! I have never had a bad experience, although at times lunch can be packed and service a tad slow, relax... The food and drinks are worth it. When you have food made to order and have it be how you want it, sometimes it can't be rushed. I can say, in my numerous times at AK, I have never been let down.keep it rockin John!
Best dim sum in Edinburgh. Very nice lunch experience. It's a bit far from where I live, but a few trips a month is worthwhile!
This is my parents local Chinese restaurant, and somewhere that I am often taken for dinner. Honestly, it beats a lot of Chinese take-aways in Suburbia hands down. The fact that they've taken dim-sum and jellyfish and managed to sell it to the people of Longstone says a lot! Try the stuffed aubergine in black bean sauce, it is tres yum.
Really amazing lovely delicious meal this evening. I will spread the word among family & friends to visit for a meal. Many thanks for a brilliant meal & excellent service. :-)  *****
Great traditional Chinese food! Beef chow main is awesome. Pork dim sum very good. Peking style pork was great too. A little out of the center of town if you are a tourist. But food is well worth it.
It was more luck than judgement that I ended up eating at the Imperial Palace yesterday evening. 

Having not yet seen the latest Bond, Skyfall, I discovered that the only cinema still showing it (just) less than 45 mins drive was the Odeon in Wester Hailes (a first visit for me). 

Arriving early for the showing, we had an hour to grab a bite to eat. Taking advice from a Juniper Green local, we arrived here. 

If you've ever been to one of the excellent Chinese restaurants you often find above a large Chinese cash n' carry supermarket, the look and feel of this establishment is very similar. 

There were a good few patrons in considering it was only 18:30 on a Wednesday evening and what with most people returning to work after the Christmas break the very next day. 

As we were seated, I loved the fact that there were as many families of Oriental descendancy enjoying eating here as there were Caucasian as I've found that often to be a good indicator of quality when trying a new restaurant. 

With time sadly limited, we ordered food to share. I had to keep the spice factor less than I normally go for as I was with my Mum, who prefers the mild end of the scale. 

With that in mind, we ordered, Chicken Noodle Soup, Spare Ribs in BBQ sauce, Shredded Crispy Beef in Ginger & Spring Onion and some Soft Noodles (vermicelli style) along with a couple of Tsingtao Beers. 

My Mum errs toward starters and the soup was for her with everything else shared. 

The sauce for the ribs was gorgeous with a subtle sticky sweetness. The shredded beef was crispy (when so many places serve soggy). I felt there could be a little more emphasis on the ginger, although it was still lovely. The noodles were some of the best I've had. Not limp, nor too greasy & with the light taste of soy. 

The amount of food presented was easily enough to satisfy two people. 

Having decimated these good sized portions in record time, we found we had a brief moment to relax with a pot of Chinese Tea. 

Service was exemplary, despite the hurried nature of our visit and the whole bill came to a very reasonable 28. 

I suspect I will return under more relaxing circumstances & perhaps have some fun with the dim sum menu.
So Imperial Palace was a big fail for me. I wanted dim sum, but I forgot it is a primarily afternoon feast, rather than evening. So, we opted to stay, but go with the standard menu instead. The restaurant itself is large, had a few diners at the time we visited, but nothing too overwhelming. The waiter took our order, then we settled down. 

We only reached the first course. I ordered vegetable spring rolls, the boy, spare ribs. Unfortunately, I got a mix of vegetable and duck spring rolls, which made me rather unhappy. 

More awkwardly, after alerting the waiter, he kindly cleared my plate, and then the SR and I decided that we would dine elsewhere that evening. Unfortunately, the waiter misheard, and still started to prepare the SR's dinner. Umm... oops. 

Never mind, after a second effort to clarify the situation (that we wanted to leave), we paid for our drinks and left. One star for the apologies the waiter made (which were plenty), but I won't be back.
this place is good!! pretty high quality chinese food!! and cool tables with a bit in the middle that spins around!!! the only bad thing was that it was so busy that we had to wait ages to order and ages for our good but the food was great and they were friendly!
This somewhat out of the way restaurant is well worth at least one weekend afternoon visit, even if you're on bus from town. I see there has been some disappointment registered regarding the evening. I can't comment as I've only done the afternoon - several times. But I would, I will, go again. Booking at the weekend is advised.

Imperial Palace is definitely one of the best Dim Sum places in Edinburgh. It's best experienced in as large a group (of dedicated Dim Sum fans ;-) as you can muster.

While a point is lost for occasional stodginess - it's a large, busy place with a penchant for steaming! - you can go all out here with your sweet and savoury baus, lemon tarts, siu mai, har gau, chicken's feet (if you dare), and great duck and char siu - the works.  Matthew's Chinese supermarket, beside, is also fantastic. 

If you consider yourself a fan of Chinese food, this is an Edinburgh MUST. Even if you end up thinking it's not worth the journey (30-40 minutes on bus from town), you've got to go and try it. Go fill your bags with Chinese groceries and reward the work with a Dim Sum feast.
"Fantastic Dim Sum"

Reviewed 9 March 2014 via mobile

We went for dim sum today (Sunday) and it didn't disappoint! It was hoachin' with Chinese and Scots having family time, creating a fantastic atmosphere.
we opted for a selection of 6 dim sum (between 2), washed down with Chinese tea. All great value at 3.50 to 4 each. And I'm telling you I'm stuffed!!! We have dim sum a couple of times a month and it competes with the best in Glasgow, Manchester, London and will give you a feel for authentic Hong Kong Dim Sum.
The service wasn't too shabby either with polite prompt service even though they were extremely busy. 
We'll be back through from Glasgow soon :)

Visited March 2014
4 of 5 stars Value
5 of 5 stars Atmosphere
4 of 5 stars Service
4 of 5 stars Food
I'll be honest, it wasn't the best place I've ever been! I found the decor inside and out a bit garish, the food a bit bland and the staff a bit miserable, the highlight of my experience was the huge fish in the fish tank! 
I don't think I'll be returning any time soon, Sorry for the negative comment but it was a big disappointment for me.
I was surprised how busy this restaurant was on opening day, considering they had no signage saying they were open.

Anyway, this location has housed many Asian restaurants.  Hopefully East Ocean lasts a little longer.

I went in for lunch ordered 7 plates and paid $30 including tips.  The lunch selection wasn't huge, but their printed menu showed that they would have a very good selection for dinner and on the weekends.

I had:
Pork Siu Mai - flavorful without any wierd bits inside
Shrimp with Rice Noodle - the first plate was perfect, the second plate was a little dry, I think it had been in the steam cart for a while.
Chive and Shrimp Dumplings - Beautiful and delicate
Shrimp Har Gow - well prepared and fresh out of the steamer
Beef Short Ribs - a little too bony for my taste but an excellent flavor
Eggplant stuffed with shrimp - a huge portion, perfectly fried

They also had the normal selection of porridges, chicken feet, and sweets.  As noted by the table near me, they didn't have many vegetable options except chinese broccoli.   But again the menu shows that they have more that just wasn't available for lunch on a Thursday.

Everything was delivered hot, well prepared, and flavorful.  I definitely look forward to going again

Oh and did I mention it was clean, easy to get the attention of the servers and spacious?  I know it was opening day, but my big pet peeve is dim sum places that are dark and dirty (I'm looking at you Cathay House and Orchid!).
Wife and I visited for dim sum today, second day after the Aug. 25 soft opening reviewed by Lydia S. Dim sum menu, served from 10 am to 5 pm, shows a rotating menu of more than 80 selections, perhaps 30 of which appear to be available on a given day. We stuffed ourselves for total of $40.

Dim sum were great, especially considering that those in the area don't have to travel to the west side for these delicacies. We had chicken feet, baked bbq pork bun, several types of shu mai, steamed turnip cake, tasty little spare ribs, several types of dumplings, etc. A couople of dishes were a bit bland, but that's not a black mark as far as I'm concerned.

Not available during this visit: spring rolls, potstickers, char siu bao.

Dim sum carts are plentiful and circulate constantly. They have a large staff, at least for the opening, and tables are cleared constantly. Ordering iced tea, I was surprised that they had only pre-sweetened iced tea, not acceptable for this diabetic. They brewed me hot tea and served it over ice to address the problem, and I told them they need to have unsweetened iced tea readily available.

Unlike most dim sum places in the Chinatown area, obstructions on the floor had been removed so that it is now completely open for at least 200 diners, reminding me of the dim sum palaces I patronized while living in Taiwan.

There is also an extensive, authentic non-dim sum menu to order from.

Despite the unpublicized opening, the place was three-quarters full, and at least 75 percent of those were of Asian origin, always a good sign I think. After several previous failures at this location, including Makino and Roma Grill, this dim sum "palace" may be the one that hits it out of the park.
I've been waiting for this to open for a while - finally real Chinese food in the green valley area. Unfortunately their dim sum was a huge disappointment. 

We went around 11am on a Saturday. Decent sized menu but not a great selection of dim sum. We just got siu mai, hargow, char siu bao, shrimp w rice noodle, and some mushroom thing - think it was mushroom caps stuffed with pork and baked. 

Most of it was mediocre, but the hargow and shrimp rice noodle may have been made from spoiled shrimp. They were pretty small and had an off sour taste. Both dishes are basically just shrimp and rice noodles so the sour flavor couldn't have been anything but the shrimp. Fingers crossed that none of us get sick. 

The fried rice was pretty good, if a little pricey at $9. It had great curry flavor, not spicy but with a little bit of a kick. The egg was cooked all the way thru so there was no yolk to mix up with the rice, but I still liked it. 

I'm happy to have an option when I just don't feel like driving to Chinatown, but I definitely won't get their dim sum again. A huge pet peeve for me at Asian restaurants is places that don't mention that they charge for things that are generally free - rice or tea. I don't know anywhere else In town that charges for tea, but fyi its $2.50 for a pot here.
Went today for dim sum. Service was very bad and the food was worse then fair. The same dim sum carts with the same 8 items keep going by had 4 items but wanted to try other things but was none others to choose from after waiting for 30 min. we finally said enough of this and tryed to pay the bill but they charged us for too many plates and for tea that none of us had it took another 25 min. to fix that. Finally out of there mad and still starving we  headed to sping mountain and had a great meal. Will never go back.
Glad to have "dim sum" on this side of town instead of having to drive all the way to Chinatown.  I believe the owner runs the Chang's restaurant on Decatur so he definitely has some experience under his belt.  

We ordered:  Siew Mai (a little bit chewy for me... I'm afraid to ask what else is in the stuffing besides pork... yikes!), har gow (shrimp was good but the dumplings must have been in the steamer too long because the wrappers on the bottom were all torned up), Feng Zhao (a.k.a. phoenix claws or chicken feet -- good sauce/quite tasty), tripe (yummy ginger sauce), Tan tart (custard tart-- yum!) and Lo Mai Gai (Lotus Leaf Wraps)... which I thought was the best of all the dishes.  The wrap came in a smaller size than what you would expect but it was stuffed with mushroom and shredded chicken.  

Service here is a notch better than what you'd get in Chinatown.  Server Ray was exceptional as he was very attentive -- unlike some of the others ... we would ask them for more napkins or hot sauces; they would nod like they understood -- but never came back to check on us, except for our "buddy" Ray.  It wasn't a language barrier either as I spoke Cantonese to them.  :-)

Anyway... I gave East Ocean a 3-star because quite frankly, this is "as good as it gets" here in Vegas.  I'm still in search of a quality dim sum place in this town so if anyone knows of one -- please do tell! (sigh)
***Strongly suggest reading before you go here!!!

My review today is solely based on the food and not the service because... what do you expect? You're in a Chinese restaurant surrounded by Mandarin speaking employees who even talk to you in Chinese... to me as long as the food is good you can talk to me in any language you want!


If you have been to Chang's Dim Sum on Tropicana and Decatur, you will love this place. Why? Because its the same chef, manager, servers, and exactly same menu!!! And I've always been a fan of their dim sum!!!

I went here this afternoon (Sunday) with my sister. It was their third or fourth day they were open and it was already packed. Since its still their 'soft' opening, they still have some kinks to work out so I knew not to go in with any expectations.... 

The food is so flavorful, the dumplings are so juicy, especially the seafood/ shrimp one. The BBQ pork buns are so moist with the perfect combination of meat and bread. Chow fun noodles (Dry), dim sum rolled chow fun noodles (dry), and Chinese broccoli was your standard dish that I recommend most people to order because you really can go wrong with soft rice noodles and fresh greens tossed in a fire hot wok with all the spices :)  My sister and I also ordered the spare ribs- Chinese dim sum style spare ribs are a bit greasy so be prepared to drink a lot of hot tea to balance it out. If you are adventurous or if you have alot of wrinkles on your face, try the chicken feet braised with sugar, soy, chilies, and jalapenos. If it's your first time, try to get over the 'chicken feet' look and take a bite, its sooo good. And because it has so much collagen packed inside, Chinese/ Korean people say its good for your wrinkles lol!!! 

My sister and I purposely ordered a ton of food so we can try everything and take it home. 

A tip I told the couple next to us and anyone else is... 1) its packed and busy so it might take a while for the waiter to take and bring out your drink order 2)once the dim sum cart comes try to take everything you would like to get because that same cart wont come back for a while as it has to make its way around the store 3)if you dont know what your looking at, but it looks and smells good just TRY IT!! Trust me asking the servers who only speak mandarin and asking them will get them irritated cause there are sooo much different dishes to explain, not just one lol 4)go in without any expectations that way, I'm sure you will be surprised!!!
It's average Chinese food. I mean how can you go wrong with fried rice and pan fried noodles?! Well, I guess it's possible. 

I was ecstatic to hear that there is going to be a real authentic Chinese restaurant in green valley! Came here for my bfs moms bday for party of 10. 

We ordered:
-eggrolls: came with 3 different sauces, sweet and sour sauce, yellow mustard, and hot chili
-Peking duck: the skin in the bun was so good! Not too gamey
-war wonton soup: hearty
-beef fried rice
-shrimp fried rice
-hong kong style beef pan fried noodle
-salt and pepper shrimp: one of the best I've had
-salt and pepper porkchop
-Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce: really big broccolis lol

The portions were generous and worth the money. The reason why it got brought down to 3 stars is because of it's service. 1) I understand that the servers are encouraged to upsell (I've worked at a numerous restaurants before) but our server was pressuring us!
2) they totally forgot one of our entrees, salt and pepper porkchop, after being reminded several times
3) we had to keep asking for refills for water&tea, and the restaurant wasn't busy at the time we were there. 

I do want to try their dim sum for lunch, so impress me for my next visit please so I can save my gas from driving to Chinatown. :)
This review covers the dim sum only.  Upon walking into the restaurant, expectations were high since the decor is notably more modern than the usual Chinese restaurant ambience and currently residing in Henderson, I was optimistic towards the prospect of a decent dim sum joint without having to make the trek towards Spring Mountain.  From start to finish, I'd have to say the quality of the dim sum was consistently meh.  My mom, dad, and sister joined me and I found it problematic that each dish had some undeniable flaw that found all four of us consistently in unanimous agreement.   

Temperature: a marker of good quality (and signs of active turnover) is how hot the dishes are when they arrive at your table.  Virtually every dish was room temperature on arrival, and even after we requested a fresh one or that they reheat a dish, it came back lukewarm at best.  

Texture: The daikon cakes were gelatinous and missing the crispy edges, the long flat rice noodle filled with shrimp were overcooked, and the shrimp dumplings (the benchmark for dim sum) had skins that were gummy.  Even the salt and pepper squid (pretty much a staple at any Chinese restaurant) was coated in a dark brown batter that resembled the KFC extra crispy batter rather than the air-y tempura batter that barely coats the the natural contours of the squid pieces.

Service: My sister and I had a recent discussion regarding the rise of Korean and Japanese cuisine in the states and the relative stagnation of Chinese food.  One of the things which are done well in the former two is service and it's almost an anticipated assumption that any decent Chinese restaurant will have either rude servers or mismatched silverware/plates since as a cultural whole, neatness and courtesy are not heavily emphasized as you would normally expect when walking into a Korean/Japanese restaurant.  Folks here seem apathetic and inattentive, which is all the more surprisingly considering the grand opening was within the past few weeks.

My mother, who usually can be quite forgiving towards Chinese food, summed it up best (paraphrased from Chinese):

"If our friends ever invite us to this place, I will probably have to make up some excuse for our unavailability so as to avoid coming back"

There's dim sum, and then some....and this is definitely the latter.
Not as impressed as I was hoping it to be. The thought of dim sum in Henderson was thrilling, but the food was lackluster. Part of it was my fault for not getting over there during prime dim sum time, but serving the tail end at these expensive prices was ridiculous. 

Between a friend and I, we got ten dishes. The usual suspects of har gow, shu mai, and chicken feet are a staple of every visit to a dim sum joint. By far, my favorite out of these were the chicken feet. There wasn't anything wrong flavor wise with the other two, but they were lukewarm and the wrappers were dried out. I also ordered some intestines and watched as they went from room temperature to congealed within 10-15 minutes. The XO noodles were dry and flavorless. Rolling them around in the chili sauce helped, but they sank like a rock in my stomach. Could explain the indigestion I was experiencing throughout the rest of the day. Then the shrimp noodles were alright in texture, but the sauce was watered down and didn't contribute much to the dish. The gai lan was a bright green color and crisp. As much as you can ask for with a blanched vegetable dish. With the limited selection of dishes, we ended up ordering potstickers and seaweed salad. The sad part was that the latter of the two dishes was probably my favorite of the whole meal. On our last attempt, we got the taro cakes. When I bit into one, it was cold. This surprised me because it was not on the cart during the first, second, or third passing. I had assumed it had came out fresh from the kitchen, but it had came out of the frying pan and sat there for at least half an hour to an hour.

The service was not bad. The people were quick to attend to us. We got approached by three different people for drink orders. The lack of ability to communicate was a hindrance, but they were attentive. The ladies pushing the carts were friendly and kept trying to explain what they had. 

They do not have the dried chili in oil which is one of my favorite parts of dim sum. For two people, we ended up paying $45 dollars before tip. Usually this amount is enough to feed three of us, more dishes being ordered, and we all end up satisfied.
OK, you have to try this place even with a three rating. This place will be a four or five soon.....this place is the real deal.

1.  My kids - normally picky eaters, they liked everything.

2.  The parking - Easy enough. In a strip mall.

3.  The ambiance - Nice, big, friendly. plenty of room, clean and everything works.

4.  The service - Nice and friendly. Being that I myself am Chinese and grew up in San Francisco, I am used to more business like service which some interpret as rude. People here were well trained to be nice and friendly.

5.  The food - OK, everything is pretty good. We had:

a.  Port Siu Mai
b.  Steamed Spare Ribs
c.  Steamed Chicken Feet
d.  Chicken w/ Black Mushroom
e.  Beef w/ Rice Noodle
f.   Special Chow Fun

We had quite a few plates of each of these.  Here is the dealio - If you get it fresh on the tray right out of the kitchen, it is as good as it gets. If you get it when there is little traffic and the stuff is "sitting", then the temperature is not great and the taste is a bit not the same.

Now, I often buy a bunch of dim sum , freeze it and eat it from the fridge, so I am much more flexible in my taste. 

6.  Final comments - If this place gathers a large following, the food will continue to be rated higher as it is already good, and it is the traffic and inability to keep the dim sum hot during slow traffic that is the issue.

Check this place out. Be flexible. Hey, they got clean restrooms.  Odd for an authentic Chinese Restaurant.
Wanted to really like this place since it's around the corner from my house so I don't have to drive down to Chinatown for decent Chinese food.  Sorry no such luck.  Don't waste your money but mostly don't waste your time.  Took my mom to have dinner with my brother.  Ordered fresh "swimming" fish and four other dishes.  The fish came out after 30 minutes which is as expected because it's steamed.  Problem was, the other dishes never arrived.  15 minutes after that, one other dish came out.  By now, the rice was cold and we tried to save part of the fish to eat with the other family style items so that was cold too.  One hour into the meal, our third dish showed up.  We were somewhat full because of the delay and decided to cancel the other 2 dishes.  The waitress in her attempt to make a funny said "Well, at least you saved money" at which point my brother who was feeding off of my annoyance said, "We bring our mom to EAT dinner, not to save money (the fresh fish was already $60+)."  FYI, the well decorated restaurant was NOT busy with only about 7 tables.  The food we did eat was mediocre at best and on the bland side.  The service was as expected in a Chinese restaurant...the poor review mainly reflects the fact they couldn't serve out the food.  When we inquired as to the delay, the waitress said "They were busy" but when we looked around the half empty restaurant questioningly, she finally admitted that the big table next to us was the other wok chef who was celebrating his birthday so he asked for the night off...on Saturday, leaving only one chef to cook for the rather large restaurant.  Not a good impression for a restaurant that just opened...
We are so excited there is a dim sum place by our house.  We went for dim sum on a Sunday around 10:30 (when it starts) and dinner later that week.  They are the same owners as Chang's on Decatur and Tropicana so the prices are good and the food is awesome.

They offer dim sum everyday from 10:30 to 3:30 (or so).  If you want lots of choices and their peak you shouldn't go towards the end like I read on a previous review.  

We took my father-in-law who was born in Hong Kong and lives in Edmonton.  Let me just preface and say he is VERY picky.  He thought the food was better than places in Edmonton (where they have a large chinese community) and personally thanked the waiter (which I have never seen!).

Bottom line - love that its close and that we can get authentic Cantonese Chinese food and DIM SUM! so close to home.  I hope they stay there!
As an update, this place is very nice.

1.  I went there at 11:30 am on a Saturday and it was a bit more crowded, so the food was fast flowing and therefore:

a.  Food Quality - Taste was great.
b.  Temperature - The temperature of the food was perfect.
c.  Specials - Annie the lead waitress came by many times with the "specials" like the XO Chow Fun, or the Chinese Broccoli, or Roast Duck. Did not have to ask and the choices were great.
d.  Normal Dim Sum -  All the normals were plentiful, tasty and just right in my book.
e.  Service - excellent, quick and we must have been hungry as we were in and out of there in about 45 minutes after spending about 75.00 for 5 of us.

Check it OUT.  Definitely will go here instead of Chinatown when the Dim Sum bug hits...

I will probably hold a party here too when I need 2-3 tables for 20+ people to have a nice chinese meal!

GK
Dinner menu-- not bad for chinese restraurant near my area. The food serving was decent except for the salt and pepper calamari (I can count how many were there in the plate). The taste of the food is pretty good, it has a lot of flavors and aroma. The price of the food is a little expensive but you don't have to drive all the way to chinatown to eat decent chinese food. I would come to this place again!
It was kind of sad to see Roma Grill close, but I was very excited to see a dim sum  restaurant taking its place. Did this mean I can enjoy dim sum more often without having to drive so far?? Unfortunately for me, the answer is no...

My sister and I dropped in on this place one Saturday afternoon. The place is huge and most of the tables were occupied. But I don't think it was busy enough for the overturn of food to keep it hot and fresh. *THAT* was my biggest gripe about this place. The food overall was pretty good and they had a good selection of items (which is probably why I gave it a 3 instead of 2). But all the food was COLD. We chose a plate of chow mein noodles off the cart and the young lady offered to heat it up for us. At first I was taken aback. I appreciate her offering to heat it up, but it made me wonder how long it had been sitting on the cart. At first I thought maybe it was just us, but the table next to us was also harassing the same poor girl about all the food being cold.

One other thing I didn't like, there was a great inconsistency with the route of the carts. Since the restaurant is a big open space, you can see where certain carts are traveling. Several times, the same people would pass by the same section of tables and completely skip our side. Not just once. But several times. And they were carrying a completely different selection of food compared to the carts that actually did pass by us.

I would have given this place 2 stars, but the food is good. They just need to work out the kinks.
My husband and I went here for the first time with 2 of our 3 children. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and seated. The service was really good and they were so friendly to my kids. Not your typical dim sum service where all they care about is giving you your dish. My husband doesn't care for dim sum so he just went for me, but ended up really enjoying it here.  I also love the fact that its located on this side of town. The prices were absolutely fare for how much we ate. Everything we got was yummy. I give this place 5 stars because every part of my visit here was to my satisfaction. Definitely going back.
I'm giving this one 4 stars instead of 5 only because the service was chaotic, however there is a  good reason and I'm about to tell you what it is.
 Let me give you the upside of this restaurant first:
The food is absolutely delicious.  I'm a fan of Asian food and have been for a long time.  Last night I took a party of 16 here and we were all seated at a large table for 15 but squeezed another chair in with no problem.  I like that they have large tables for 6, 8, 12, and 16.  We were all able to talk to each other.  

My husband and I always went to Chang's other Dim Sum restaurant for lunch so I had no idea that Dim Sum is served only as a light meal at lunchtime and was surprised when I spoke to the manager on the phone at 2 P.M. yesterday only to discover that there would be no Dim Sum at our 5 P.M reservation.  Apparently it's made at 11 A.M. and not again that day.   No matter,the regular menu is huge but I wanted my friends to taste Dim Sum for the first time.

When we arrived the manager told me that he made a special Dim Sum selection for us!  Two carts loaded with several different dishes.   What a nice piece of P.R. work and a thoughtful thing to do.  Little did he realize that we would also order dinners with our Dim Sum being the appetizer.   We all won on this one.  Everything on the carts was fresh, hot, plentiful and delicious.    The baos were scrumptous.

The Pork Szechuan with Garlic Sauce, the Mongolian Beef, the Moo Shi Pork, the Salt and Pepper Shrimp ohhhh yesss,  and the Chicken with Walnuts were all outstanding.    This place serves the best Wor Won Ton soup I've ever had and this being my favorite soup is one I've been eating for 30 years.   Loaded with veggies, shrimp, chicken, pork and real straw mushrooms I give this 5 stars alone.

On the downside:
There is no alcohol served here so we couldn't order beer or wine as we usually do.  Hopefully that will come soon.
The service is spotty even though we made compensation for the fact that we had 16 elderly women, most of whom had never heard of Dim Sum let alone eaten it.   The cart was unable to come around the table so we had to get  up and look for ourselves and have someone explain what each item was.   That was confusing, but not their fault.  
There is no Dim Sum menu which would have made everything so clear as to what was in each "bundle."  EODSS has been open long enough to have a menu ready and no menu online is a bummer. 
 We had to ask for water for half of the table several times.   Even though the dishes we wanted were there on the cart, it took forever to get them to us and the waitresses looked harried and confused.   They really need to get their act together if they're going to accomodate a large crowd.   
But in all fairness,  if you go with 4 or 6 people you should not have the problems we did.  The food is so good (everyone loved their selection and would come back again) so go for the food and take your chance on the service.   

 The manager (I'm sorry I forgot his name, shame on me)  comped my dinner because I brought so many first timers in and I really thought that was a class act.  But that's not why I'll return; I'll return because the food is so good and the Dim Sum, if you get it fresh, was awesome and I'm so glad they're now on MY side of town.
We moved to Sun City Anthem from Buffalo, New York recently. We used to drive to Toronto and enjoy the Dim Sum lunch. We are so glad that we found the East Ocean Dim Sum restaurant in Henderson. The Dim Sum dishes are delicious, fresh, and hot. When we chatted with the manager and mentioned about the review in yelp web site, he told us that they are getting used to the new food carrying carts and the food can be kept fresh and hot well now. So, we would give it a five star rating. We will return and enjoy the good food soon.
I was excited to try this place since I enjoy going to Chang's for dim sum. Our experience started off good... My husband and I were seated right away even though it was a busy Sunday morning. The restaurant has a nice open layout. Then it was all downhill from there.

The tables are too close together and it's impossible for someone to walk by if there are carts in the walkway. We started off with some chow mein and roasted duck since the dim sum cart hadn't come by yet. Then roasted duck was cold, and when we asked the waitress if they could heat it up, she said that's how it's supposed to be served. Ookay... we let that go.

The dim sum carts finally came by and the selection was not nearly as much as Chang's. We were sad to not see any of our usual favorites. It seemed like the same three carts kept coming by.

What ticked me off more than the food was the service. We asked two people for water and finally got it after about half an hour. We had to flag down a waiter for our check.Two other tables near us were also complaining about not getting their check.  After waiting for about 15 minutes, my husband decided to go up to the cashier and ask if he could just pay up there. At first, the cashier said that he had to wait at the table for the check. Really?? We just wanted to pay. After more argument, the cashier let my husband pay. My husband checked the bill and saw that we were overcharged. He informed the cashier and the cashier said he would fix it, but when my husband checked the bill again it still wasn't corrected! So he just took the difference off of the tip.

Horrible customer service and mediocre food = me never going back.
I'm from California so I know my dim sum. The dim sum here is hit or miss, the quality is comparable to orchid garden (at its best) but not better than Ping Pang Pong. Despite the bad reviews and low score, the place seems to be always packed. 

I have to give it props for a few things: better customer service (some actual English speaking waiters/waitresses), the place is spacious and clean (this is a big deal since most Chinese restaurants in Vegas lack this), also the food is decent. 

The big flaw they have is their check tendering process. This is always the worst part of the experience. Of all the several times I've been there, once we ask for the check, it gets lost in the abyss of no return. You could wait a whole half an hour for your bill to return, but no one would bring it. Even if you get up and go to the cashier to pay, there's always a long line. Obviously there's something wrong with their process.

Overall I would definitely come back here, since this is the only place with   that actually looks like what it should be. I hope they fix their flaws and improve their food quality in the future. It's nice to have a Chinese restaurant in this area.
Mediocre dim sum but one of the only places on the east side of town. Nicer atmosphere than some of the dim sum places in town.  If you are having a mid-day har gow craving.  It will fit the bill.
We have heard good things about this place and so we gave it a try. The entrees off the cart are "well traveled" and a little worse for the wear. The dim sum carts are nice and steamy though. There are so many dumpling choices! (A few scary choices) like the chicken's feet. We also ordered a few entrees from the kitchen. The food was okay and the service was okay too. Some of our dishes were a bit cold but all in all we plan to go back.
The first time I came here, it almost turned me off to the point of never wanting to step foot into this place again. A few months later, one of my best friend's mom wanted to do dim sum here and I had agreed to come with the hopes that they had worked out the kinks in their yum cha offerings.

We came here on a Tuesday and was shocked by the bustling crowd. Good sign that they the food was getting better and the turn over for fresh food would be quicker. A group of seven gorged ourselves silly. The selection has exponentially grown as well. We had ordered 10 different dishes that was not an option the last time we visited and even avoided most of the ones from the previous experience. The chicken feet are still high on my list. This time it was joined by a few more items. 

If there is a complaint, I just wish that they would improve on their desserts. The egg tarts are too loose and crumbled when I picked it up. If not for my cat like reflexes I would have had an embarrassing stain on the front of my trousers. The red bean sesame balls were quite thick and doughy. Pushed an already filling meal into uncomfortable territory.
Bad attitude waiters, everyone seems to be half awake, unable to understand English, I spoke to them and it seemed like they didn't understand...

The food is ok, I enjoyed the pepper beef, but besides that, the beer battered fish with jalapeno uses bad batter, it gets soft after 5 minutes... The lobster is good but fresh seafood is always good.... Everything else I took a taste and put it down....

Truth I would of left this restaurant already just due to the attitude and the service, when a customer says the coke is flat, don't argue or give you two cent half assed opinion about how it's not, waiting to review the food, if my father did not know the chef here and was asked to try the restaurant out, it's not even worth my gas...
It was a nice change of peace.  


Went out to have a nice dinner with the family.  Turned out we will be coming back for Dim Sum.  The dinner menu that they have is very flavorful and they do take walk-ins and around 5:30 - 6 pm they are not really packed for service.  This is nice.  You walk in a get a table and hot tea.  Ok so service was on point from the start.  The owner is walking around making sure that everything is to your liking.  That is nice.  Most restaurants you have to hunt down the Manager.  The first course arrived.  Pot stickers and crispy shrimp balls.  Very tasty and the sauce that comes with both are a little different but still good.  Then the main course comes out family style which are very nice when you want to try everything.  We ordered the Rock Cod with Baby Bok Choy, Curry Fried Rice (with a fried egg and an eggroll), Chicken with schezwan sauce (needed more chicken), and honey walnut shrimp.  Needless to say all this for only 60 bucks is not a bad upscale Chinese food.  

Overall -

Service - nice and friendly
Food - Flavorful and good portions
Quality - Not to bad - decent
Price - Average for upscale restaurant

 
This is a formal restaurant with proper Chinese table service.  

Would I go Back -    Yes
If you're in the mood for dim sum and don't feel like driving to the west side of town then you're in luck. East Ocean's food is as good and varied as any of the other dim sum places in town. 

Frankly, it's not FANTASTIC, but it definitely hits the spot. The service is typical for a Chinese restaurant and the prices are reasonable.
This is really good chinese food especially for the east side of town finally i dont have to go all the way to china town for good food!! prices are reasonable and staff is friendly. decor is nicer than typical chinese joint. feels more high class but not high class pricing. highly reccomended
I love the choice selections on dim sum here, as well as the freshness of the food. Dim sum runs from 10:30 am- 4:30 pm. I love the fact that this place doesn't get heavy traffic on most days. Other dim sum places I've been too takes time, and is always busy with people. I mean I guess that's the vibe that any dim sum place should have. 

Pork buns are amazing! Shu mai, har gow, shrimp rice roll, and egg custard are good as well. Big portions for dim sum, and the shrimp with the honey mayo sauce is awesome! For two big plates listed in Group A, and a few Group Bs and Cs, we managed to burn a $42 hole in our pocket for TWO. But, that's us though, being the vultures that we truly are. I'd assume average tab for two would run about $30. Also, if you ay cash you get a 5% discount. 

Only thing I wonder is if the interior is having a midlife crisis. So it seems it was going for a more westernized and modern look, with touch of traditional Asian flavor. But! as long as the place is clean, then it's all good with me!!! :)
Here's our newest dim sum find in Vegas and they were suprisingly delicious!  Our go to used to be Ping Pang Pong in the Gold Coast because it was the best among mediocre Vegas dim sum.  Now East Ocean Dim Sum, a gem over in Henderson, is the much better option.  Textures were chewy when it was supposed to be chewy, crunchy when supposed to be crunchy and mmmmmmm flaky and buttery when supposed to be flaky...... mmmmmmm

It offers the surprisingly tasty dim sum, helpful staff in a large and seemingly clean restaurant, AND the bonus is that it is smoke free.

Conclusion:  It is a 30 minute drive across town for me, but I will travel to eat.
THEY SERVE SHARK FIN SOUP :-(

I was so happy to see that I have Dim Sum on my side of town.  But, when I went by for lunch and got a menu I was dissappointed to see that they serve SHARK FIN SOUP :-(

Tip: They have take-out, but in order to use your Debit/Credit it is a minimum purchase of $20.  If you going to take-out, go in with a couple people.
NOTE: Ha Ha: This place made ROTD the day after I wrote this. Talk about irony. This is a real Screw you to me, but it does draw attention to the disregard that people place on this issue. 

WARNING: This place sells shark fin soup. So if you have an ethical repulsion to the wanton and destructive wholesale mutilation and slaughter of sharks DO NOT EAT HERE. I, personally, thought it was illegal, but I guess not...

Let me preface this review with the statement that since I saw many people of seemingly Asian persuasion, I figured that it was an indicator of some quality to this establishment. 

Well THAT was a dreadful mistake! 

Upon entering the place looks huge and vacant except for some generic banners of average looking fare adorning this high ceilings. It resembled a cross between a high tech ballroom and a prison cafeteria. There were HUGE tables with a smattering of people.

And it felt rather chilly. Well I guess it should because the front door let this massive draft of air in. The thin, bored looking waif of a girl at the front wearing what amounted to a parka should have been my first clue! She tried to seat us in the front, in the draft, since nobody else was sitting there. Well, Duh!

So she moved us to a Gigantor sized table by the kitchen and sat us together to huddle as we were dodging hectic employees. The table was round and we were placed next to each other and angled awkwardly, bunched up into the slurping patrons at the table behind us.

So we promptly picked up our menus and moved to a side table. Unfortunately it looked like that scene from Animal House where John Belushi did his exploding pimple impersonation. There was rice all over the floor and tables and it looked like it was a crime scene from an explosion in a rice factory. None of the small tables had clothes, but they did have many a smattering of rice confetti. There were even clumps of it in piles.

We sat down with some hesitation and the server came over and spilled/poured a watery concoction that I believe was masquerading as tea. 

Let's stop here: I hate poor seating, poor service, and left over messes that haven't been properly cleaned up. This place has it in spades. Then I get this look of utter horror as both my wife and I glance at the bottom of the first page of the menu and see SHARK FIN SOUP in several varieties no less. 

Needless to say we get up and to the horror of two female servers and a male server, Walk the Hell Out! They came walking up looking expectantly and I waived them off.  ( At least I didn't flip them off ).

I expressed the why of my goodbye to the girl up front. We don't condone a place that serves up shark fin anything. But she was too busy shivering and looking bored to seemingly care.

That's my story and I'm sticking to it. I only hope that at least one person decides not to eat here in response to the inhumane practice of serving shark fin soup.

The image of a kitchen worker sucking on a cigarette out back was a fitting image on which to remember this place. Kind of fitting, don't you think?
Ate here with my pops and bro. This place was a-ok, nothing out of the ordinary for dim sum. My dad met up with his friends from medical school, who live in Henderson. They said this place is usually packed. I think the only reason it wasn't packed was because we went on Super Bowl Sunday. BBQ pork bun was yummers as were the noodles. 

Would I visit again? Maybe.
We missed the Dim Sum. So we just ordered separate dishes to share. They didn't have cake noodles. But the crispy noodles were close enough. I say that was the best of all the dishes. On a 10-best scale, it was a 6-1/2. The second best thing we tried was the salt/pepper fried pork chops. But, there's definitely better at other restaurants in town. Never ordering the orange chicken and mayo walnut shrimp ever again.... Sure, the venue was convenient to my home. But, I would've been much more satisfied making a 30-40 minute round-trip commute to any other restaurant on Spring Mountain, or to Diamond China.
We tried East Ocean this past weekend for our 3rd time and once again another strike. Strike 3 and they are OUT.   By noon the floors were disgusting, noticed that when they clear the tables they use a dirty towel and wipe excess food from the table right onto the floor. The floors were very slippery from the greasy foods. The service is pathetic, after 10 minutes we had to ask for hot tea, water and other drinks. Waiter seemed mad that we bothered him. When asked for certain dimsum they put the food on the table and then we had to ask them to add the sauces that come standard with certain dishes. We had our own notepad and kept count of how many orders we had, this time because the 2 prior times we thought we were overcharged. Sure enough when we we finished we noticed 2 extra stamps on the most expensive dimsum items at $6.95 each.  We had to wait another 10 minutes for "the manager", he actually laughed at us for saying they overcharged us. He said we must have miscounted.   We had a party of 7 people,  5 asian (non chinese) and 2 caucasians, we will be telling everyone how this place steals from customers.
I finally had a craving for Dim Sum and this place fulfilled my craving! I had ordered to go and after my semi long walk there and back I was ready for some yummy food.

I had ordered the usuals, hai gao and shu mai. I also ordered the sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf (law mi guy) and I ordered the Seafood XO Chow Fun.

Hai Gao and Shu Mai were winners, big, plumpy and juicy. I didn't care for the sticky rice so much. The chow fun was delish! Lots of seafood, scallops, shrimp, fish and calamari. All of this for one person...for 23 bucks. Not bad at all since it fed me twice and fed the hubby once....

Take out service was efficient and when ordering they have someone that speaks English too so don't feel intimidated. Overall, I give it two thumbs up for their take out. =)
Ok, I'm determined to eat here until it comes up to at least a 3.5 star for me due to the close proximity to my house.

1st visit was for dinner and garnered a 1 star for lack of service and lack of food, literally (see my original review).

2nd visit was again a 1 star (though I did not find the time to write another bad review), this time for dim sum. Everything was cold and tasted like frozen quality dim sum.

Now 3rd time, again for dim sum. Getting better. Selections were at least the right temperature. Note: my mom and I were extremely hungry so may have clouded our judgments, but I'm ok to at least give it a 2 star.

PLUS the ladies pushing the carts are the most pleasant ladies I've ever encountered at a dim sum restaurant. If you eat dim sum a lot, you will know what I mean when I say I suspect most places pay based on commission of getting rid of the food in their cart or that the ladies actually HATE their job. Not here, the ladies were friendly and went out of their way to get us dishes from other carts!!
Not a bad spot if you're on that side of town looking for a decent dim sum fix.  They have plenty of seating and stellar service.  Be advised that they have a credit/ debit minimum that can really throw your dining party off if you don't pay attention to the tiny sign.

As for the grub - Char Siu Bao, Beef/ Shrimp Cheung fun, Lo Mai Gai and Shu Mai are always filling and Don Tot and Sesame Seed Balls for dessert!
Place is nice...modern look, clean.  

Auntie said that the food is bland. It is like a hit or miss. She said that the cooking is short in spices.  

Phoenix Talons had curry sauce.  I didn't care for it.  Shu Mai and Har Gar was tasty.
The servers were good.  They were attentive.

I like that we didn't have to drive far to China Town. It's a good place to go to if you live in Henderson/GV area.  It is convenient.  It will satisfy your dimsum cravings.  :o)
I really do like this place a lot mainly because it's just down the street from my house! Woohoo!! Finally, I can get my dim sum on without having to drive to China town or West Sahara (Orchid Garden). Overall, food is pretty solid and service is on par for a dim sum. 

Some of my favorite dishes include: the sesame balls with red bean, the calamari, shrimp noodle.... and pretty much everything else on the menu. Yes... I am a fatty :) While it may not compare to the dim sum restaurants that go by the name of Orchid Garden or Chang's but it does hold its own.
This place is Awesome! It beats any dim sum place in Vegas hands down. They are fast, cheap , tasty food, great assortment and great location (off the strip) . My hubby and I have been here many times since there opening and we are always so happy with our meals. The cart pushers are not too pushy and they know and explain what you are choosing. Also they suggest what sauces are great for the dish. Carmen was our server for the last few times and she is great! The rest manager , Frank sometimes does his rounds around the restaurant and greets people and asks how their meal is. The environment is nice. Its a big spacious place and lots of food to choose from. With Green tea and lunch for two ( 5-7 plates) you will spend about $35 for two. That's a great deal!  Go check out this place ..its awesome!
Finally a good dim sum place in Las Vegas! This reminds me of all of the great ones in Southern California. The food is always consistent, hot and fresh. The restaurant also gets another thumbs up for being in Henderson, it's only a short drive away to satisfy my dim sum cravings!
I first heard about this place from a friend and she kept posting up pictures of food that looked very delicious so I had to come and try it out for myself. Being in the parking lot, I was already a little impressed because of how busy it was outside. However, when I went in, it wasn't that busy. Haha. We were seated very quickly and they fulfilled our request for a booth. 

The typical dim sum dining experience is that you are seated and there are a few ladies with food carts that come up to your table. They open the lids to their little pots and you just pick what you think will be good to eat. Be careful because they speak very minimal english, only enough to explain what the food is made of. Then they stamp your little paper stating what you had picked. So the more you pick, the more you pay! 

The thing that really annoyed me about this place was how pushy the food cart ladies were. I'm used to going to dim sum places where they just showcase what they have instead of just being really pushy about what I should eat. That was definitely a point down for me since they kept bringing out the wrong food as well. 

The second thing is that this place has decent dim sum but nothing extraordinary. The food wasn't as greasy as other dim sum places that I have tried. Just remember that they charge you for everything, the tea is $2. Haha. 

Since this place is closer to home and I dig the modern look, I will probably be coming here more often and making the occasional trek to treat myself at Cathay House. If you pay cash then you get 5% off of the total bill price. Dim sum is from 10:30A to 5:30P.
We enjoyed our evening at East Ocean.  The staff and management are professional and friendly, and the food is great.

We started with the best Hot and Sour soup I've ever had.  And the portion is enough for 4 people.

My wife had the Honey Walnut Shrimp with Broccoli.  A large portion.   At many restaurants the glaze is too thick, too creamy.  Not here.  Amazing but light flavor and very fresh shrimp that pop in your mouth.  The Broccoli was simple and steamed.  Melon would have been a great addition.

I had the Black Bean Scallops with Chili Sauce.  Also a large portion.  This dish was outstanding.  Fresh scallops with a not-to-spicy chili sauce.  One of my complaints of this dish in other restaurants is that you cannot taste the scallops.  East Ocean does a great job of balancing flavors.

Music was quite and appropriate.  The atmosphere was a bit unusual with the high ceilings, large open space and decorative "movie film" ribbon display on the wall, but by no means a negative.

Highly recommended and we'll visit again.

Note:  If you pass this area on South Eastern Avenue regularly you may have noticed this space has had a few restaurants open and close over the past few years.  I often hesitate to go to a new restaurant in such a space because it seems like they all fail there.  Give this one a chance like we did...I think you'll be happy.
Good solid dim sum in hendertucky/GV area.  I've dined here a number of times and have not been disappointed...Pretty much straight forward fare and the items items that the suburban-set avoid are also welcome...good tripe, excellant tendon, cripsy fish and they have jellyfish.  Roast Pork w/ crispy skin is also better than average (maybe they get it from Sam Woo?).  Basics like hargow, sui mei, etc are solid representatoins that are mostly as good as what you'd get in Chinatown...This is now my go-to place...saves me the trip out to Sping Mtn Road...One plus - the service here is a bit better than what you'd find in a typical chinatown dim sum joint - maybe playing to the area clientelle?...also, the Chef visited our table the last 2x we dined here - a nice touch that you almost never ever see in Chinatown or anywhere in town for that matter...

Oh...and for those that have downgraded this place due to the sharks fin soup...get a grip.  You live in a freakin desert and have bigger problems to worry about...so unless you ride a bike to work, eat a local/sustainable diet (not possible in the LV Valley) live off solar and reclaimed water give us all a break or move to berkeley...sharks fin soup is delicious.
Wasn't that impressed with first visit some months ago, but had a nice lunch today. They accommodated a table of 12 easily and with fast service. That's probably the best part about dim sum in general - having the food pretty much ready all the time. The downside is that you can be somewhat beholden to the food preferences of others. Unless you don't mind ordering an entire plate of something for yourself, of course. I didn't feel like that today, opting instead with an aggressive first-and-last-bite sniper approach.

Anyway, you don't need to hear my secrets, so here's the stuff you should know: the food was always hot and yummy. Not extremely great quality, but everything that I tasted was pretty good. Well, except the egg tart - that bad boy is ridiculous. I feel the plaques forming in my blood vessels already. I was also surprised by the Chinese-style meatball. I couldn't figure out what was going on at first, but I do believe there's quite a bit of cilantro flavor going on. It was also very tender, and for a first-time experience, it left me wanting more. Luckily, I think I got my fill after noticing that nobody at my table seemed to want to kill the meatballs. I was more than happy to oblige.

I gave it a second try, and I think I'll give East Ocean a third try and more. It's definitely a solid place for Henderson folks to chow down on dim sum.
I like this place it's close to home. Very comparable to spring mountain area. With Dim Sum ... when your hungry the food comes fast. I always forget to take photos before I eat at this place. I have not tried dinner here yet only dim sum. The place is always busy, service is ok to good. Trying to flag a waiter down for soda for the kids once was pain. The selection is basic too ... but i think i am jilted and comparing it to dim sum places in California. Also don't come here when your on a diet :)
if i can categorize this separately for food and service, food would get a 4, and service a 1.  let me explain...

imagine if you will, walking into a chinese restaurant that serves dim sum.  Typically, this is my experience.   I ask to place a to go order for dim sum.  the hostess will take my order.  I'll  pay. I'll sit in the waiting area. Since the food is cooked, someone will grab the dim sum and place in containers, bag it and give it to me. 10 mins - tops.  

Here, at East Ocean Dim Sum, they like to do things the uneasy, irrational, inconvenient and illogical way.  Instead of the scene I described for you, I was led to table in the corner, half hidden behind a family eating there for lunch.  The hostess instructed me to wait at the table, and the dim sum ladies will come to me. they came alright....only 4 times which includes 2 repeats. I asked the cashier if I can just place my order because no one was coming to me.  She said the waiter will come to take my order.  She was useless, sorry to say. And the waiter was useless because he or she never came.  so after 50 minutes.  50! of waiting at the corner table, i took that ticket, and brought it to that cashier.  She then said to me, " oh, you're to go?" as if she didn't see me there, not eating, with dim sum and boxes on my table.  Anyways, I paid, boxed up and left.  i didn't even say 'thank you', which is unlike me.  I really should've left after 15 mins, but i kept saying to myself that i would wait 10 more mins.  

The experience tainted any future desire to eat at this establishment.  buyer beware - never order dim sum TO GO.  call it in or dine in..or better yet - go to china town 

ps...well...their shiu mai and sticky buns are good.
**Summary**
       - Dim Sum - This is a review of my dim sum experience where they cart around the dishes of food. This usually only occurs during lunch.
       - Taste - With the exception of the hai gao (Shrimp dumplings) everything was pretty good.
       - Authentic - This is as authentic as you can get down to the old Asian ladies who speak no English pushing the cart.
       - Service - Unfortunately, due to its authenticity, the service will seem sub par compared to most American places. Pretty much, if you don't flag someone down, they won't check on you.
       - Prices - The bulk of your items will be Group B Items. Their Group B Item prices are $3.25 unlike the $2.75 at Chang's and other places. With that said, all the other items prices are within par if not cheaper.
       - Ordering - As the carts come around, you just point to what you want and they'll give it to you and mark a letter (A, B, C, D, etc) corresponding to price of that item.
       - Newbies - If this is your first Dim Sum experience, I'd stick to the safer shrimp items (Shrimp Rice Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mxMwo3zfJwVoCIayeNcA5w?select=PvtWU-UoVK2IPo3cr4nerA#gedf79LUUUUNNiA1ok5S5w), Hai Gao, etc) or common items (Shu Mai and buns). If you like that, you can be more daring on your subsequent visits.
       - Decor - The atmosphere is more open due to the high ceilings compared to most of the other dim sum places I've been to. It relieves the usual claustrophobic atmosphere I usually get.
       - My Favorite - My favorite dim sum dish has got to be the Shrimp Rice Roll. The sweet soy sauce they pour over it is just amazing.
**Price**
       - Hot Tea - $0.50/Person
       - Group A Items - Not sure. Didn't get any.
       - Group B Items - $3.25 - Most of the small plates
       - Group C Items - $3.95 - Can't remember what we ordered that was a C item.
       - Group D Items - $4.95 - Beef tripe stew
       - Group E Items - $6.50 - The large plates like those with Chinese broccoli or salt & pepper squid.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for Dim Sum and you're near the area. There are other dim sum places with the same food and slightly cheaper prices, but the decor at this place would tip me in its favor.
I was a bit skeptical in coming to dine at East Ocean Dim Sum, only because I come from Hawaii and Dim Sum there is LEGIT! haha.  I mean, if you are craving dim sum, is too lazy to drive out to Spring Mountain, and lives in Henderson, I'd advise you to get your fix at this restaurant!  

Was kind of amazed at the interior decor, it's really not your typical chinese restaurant milieu!  

The food was pretty good and the price was decent.  I went with two other of my Asian foodie friends and they both enjoyed it too!  They have all of your "essential" dim sum items like shumai, shrimp dumplings, and the mochi rice stuffed with chicken and wrapped in leaves (I don't know what any of these things are called in English) lol.  They even have the fried items cart and fried noodles!  

Off the top of my head, I cannot think of anything that was distasteful, and that's a GOOD thing!  

I thought they service here was good, but I think that's because I speak mandarin, and my friend speaks cantonese, so they just kept coming back to ask us how everything is.  One thing that surprised me was that they refilled the tea without me even telling them it was empty!  That was a first! haha.
For the singular reason of being on the east side of town this  place rocks, I had heard many bad things about this place my expectations were  nonexistent. That being said I was pleasently suprised and pleased with the food and service. My favorites eggplant-shrimp, sesame buns, salt and pepper shrimp and calamari were all as good as any other dim sum I have had.  I can not speak to the variety because I always order the same things! I didnt see any crab balls (sad face )
Went to East Ocean for Mother's Day!  Most dim-sum places are over on the west side in Chinatown.  So happy we have one towards the south in Henderson.  

The food was great.  We had Salt & Pepper Pork Chops (double order), Salt & Pepper Shrimp, Sliced BBQ Pork, Honey Glazed BBQ Pork Spare Ribs, Pork Shu-Mai, Chinese Broccoli, Pan Fried Pot Stickers (double order), Sesame Seed Balls with Red Bean Paste, Chow Mein, BBQ Pork Fried Rice, and Kung Pao Chicken.  From all this, the only disappointment was the Pork Shu-Mai.

For all this food, we spent $90.  And had containers of left overs.  

This is a definite "MUST GO BACK".  Most authentic Chinese food restaurant that I've been to in the valley.
Even though we arrived towards the last half hour of lunch/dim sum hours, there was  still a few good choices of steamed and deep fried delicacies to choose from.  My husband always thought dim sum was a food item. Didn't realized their is no menu involved. So he was a little surprised the second we sat down we were bombarded with  ladies and their carts and me just pointing out I want that, that & that ...then another lady with her cart full of the fried fare rolls up to our table and I drool and  point out to 3 more plates.   I think we had 6 different plates within the 5 minutes of being there.  The servers stamped our ticket of what plates we chose and went off to the next table..."That's Dim Sum, little plates of food served up by servers pushing the carts, and that's how they roll honey!" I tell my husband. "But  where's the fried rice??"  Mr. B asked ..Since we got there late, all of the steamed BBQ rice was gone, so we ordered a platter of BBQ pork fried rice separately.

Food: Everything we tried did not disappoint! In fact the food cooked up here is reminiscent of traditional Cantonese cuisine I used to enjoy! It takes me back to dining in SF Chinatown.

I'll zero in my fave classic The Char Siu Bao (steamed pork buns) the bread was so soft & fluffy and sweet!  The filling  plentiful of very tender bbq pork in a slightly sweet sauce.  Same with the baked Char Siu/Siopao.  Also pretty impressed with the Beef Fried Rice.   The flavors of the green onions,garlic, Chinese spices and texture of it being lighter, fluffy,  not greasy  just made fried rice stand out from other places.  Everything we had from the cart was hot, steam coming from the steamed baskets.  Dishes we requested were fresh, cooked to order.  

Ambiance - Interior decor had contemporary feel with the airy open ceiling.  Banquette seating on side walls and table seating for 4 & 8 throughout or they can arrange seating to accommodate larger parties. 

Service - On point. Friendly.  Was greeted & seated right away. The ladies pushing the carts were really sweet and patient with us since we had lots of "what's that?" questions. Never had to ask for a drink refill or teapot refill. The owner came by and introduced himself and chatted with us as well. 

So making this spot our Chinese go to dine out here in Henderson.  And the next visit we'll defiantly come earlier to chow down.
Great ambiance, very clean (in comparison to most Chinese restaurants here in Vegas), authentic taste, average servers.

The food generally comes in little steamers/plate of threes or fours. The majority on the cart is from group B ($3.25) but please note that some of the larger plates are generally more expensive.

While most people come here for the Dim Sum, there is actually a menu. You can order items individually if you are too hungry or need something that isn't in the carts. 

The servers are nice enough but it's pretty average. They automatically refill tea (that costs extra) and water without asking which is a plus (but normality in Chinese restaurants). 

A bad point is that I often ended up sitting there with no food waiting for the food cart to come near my table; so try to not eat very fast!
Love love love Dim Sum needed a fix and didn't want to drive across town to get it.  So we pull up and they don't open till 10:30 : / my bad for not checking first.  There was a farmers market on this day right down the way.  So we wasted some time until they opened.

Starving by the time we get in and I know better the to be some of the first few customers for DimSum : /   The selection was nill to none again my bad.  So we got a few of our favorites and by the time the good stuff was coming out we were full.

The food we did have was good, very flavorful and prepared well.  The sizes of the Dim Sum that we got seemed larger then normal.  The prices of the dishes were a bit more expensive then China Town but it is in a higher rent district, so understandable.

I don't know if I will be back but in a pinch I would.
Been here several times and feel it is time for a review. We first came when they just opened with Judd L for some dim-sum desert and pretty much agreed it was a 2-star experience. My last experience made me fed-up and the need to write a review. Each time we come here, service is marginal and I am accustomed to such service during dim-sum. We were rushed to leave to make way for the next set of guests. The dim-sum is about average and typical of what you will find in Vegas.

What really disgusted me was that the kitchen staff overloaded the carts by piling dishes of food on top of the food itself! Ewwww......I hope the bottom of the dishes are clean. What I saw was chow-mein on the top level of the cart. They piled additional plates of  a soy based stir-fried rice noodle dish on top of each other. And then while the cart was circulating on the dining floor, a kitchen staff in a chef's hat placed several dishes of Chinese broccoli on top of the second level of rice noodle thus creating 3-levels of food on top of each other in a pyramid fashion! I wished I got a pic of what I saw.
When the craving for non-chain Chinese food hits (I'm looking at you, Panda Express), this place is a decent alternative. And by decent, I mean "not always good".
Its a great location for some dim sum action. Spacious, not too crowded, and you don't have to deal with rude chinese customers here like you do at Gold Coast, Cathay House, Etc.

They have a pretty good variety here, and all of the dim sum we got was piping hot. Another bonus is their mini manapuas and rice cakes...a little taste of home! Its a great alternative for locals who live in the area, and also for those who don't usually hit up Chinatown.

Stop in the next time you're in the area and want something other than your usual burger, pizza, or salad...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(313/365) "Get Sum Dim Sum !"
I've been here twice now and am not happy with the quality of the dim sum. I can't put my finger on it but it just doesn't taste right. 
To be more specific, the items I am referring to are: spareribs, shrimp dumpling, tripe, and the pork dumplings. 

Even in any dire desire for dim sum I will hoof it down to the spring mountain area for quality if I needed to. 

Because I was not impressed for dinner I am not confident about their dinner. I may try one day but it's not top only list.
EDIT: Don't know what happened but the server has a really crappy attitude today! You lose one star...!! Get it together people!

EDIT: This is my first time back since the writing of this review and, at least for lunch, the quality of service has gone up considerably. It's been probably over a year since my last visit. I'll come back again. Ask for Sally. She's a sweetheart. Upgrading to 4 stars from two.

Food is great for not having to drive from Henderson to Spring Mountain. As for the service.... HOOOOORRRRRIIIIIIBBBBBLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEE..... with the exception of maybe one floor manager, which I'm CONVINCED he's the only person in there that knows more than a couple words of English - and - language barrier aside, just a bunch of snooty a-holes.  I still go there once in awhile, but believe me I return the negativity right back to their cut rate "servers". Which is easy to do when you're a 6'2'' 260lb cracker in a Chinese restaurant. =D

Enjoy the food!
Love that they have dim sum all day! Our last visit they unfortunately ran out of baked bbq pork buns but we already knew that walking in since we called beforehand.  I appreciated the fact that they actually checked.  Service was really nice and suggested for us to call and put some buns on hold since they sell so fast.  Luckily for me I like the basics when it comes to dim sum, but when I want to have a little more variety the "off peak" dim some hours are not the time to go.  Its always nice to know its available though.  I do wish they had desserts though (hence the - star)
The service sucks. Nobody seemed to know how to speak English. Their dim sum isn't the best. I usually don't do reviews but if you really want dim sum and some service, don't go there. It's worth the drive to spring mountain.
I'm a little bummed out that they serve shark fin soup here (SAVE THE SHARKS!), but I did come anyway for dim sum as it was the closest place to eat with ready made servings to eat and pick from. I was starving, and was probably going to pass out in starvation if I waited any longer...

So I came for dim sum. I guess it's whats expected of dim sum since dim sum is more breakfast than lunch really. I came around 1 pm and they promote their dim sum until 3 pm I believe. However, I was really disappointed to come around 1 pm to find that more than half of their usual dim sum selections that they serve in the morning are not offered after 11 am. Most of what I craved for in dum sum were not being served so I was only able to eat a few things, and was forced to eat double of what I don't usually order double of. They also reheat their food that sits out on their cart by microwaving it. Bummer. 

I'm just disappointed that if they offer dim sum until 3 pm I would want to be able to walk into the restaurant and eat the same quality and quantity dim sum as I would if I came n the morning. I mean I am paying the same price for dim sum. I don't want to pay the same price for something fresh in the AM and then microwaved in the PM. 

But I do commend them for having some passionate owners or managers. I notice that they always come to everyone's table to personally ask how their food and service is. You don't always get that in many places.
From living near San Jose, and LA a time in my life, I love dim sum.  And the dim sum in both cities is out of this world.  So when I moved out to vegas I wanted some good dimsum.  I didn't want to drive down to spring mountain and this place is only a few minutes away from my house.  But it does hit the spot.  The service is a little slow, but the food is tasty.  They don't have all of the things I want, but overall for a dim sum place in henderson it is good.  Not the best but good.
This place is really nice and roomy. Very contemporary compared to the traditional Chinese restaurant. The food was pretty good, I would give it 5 stars but you get the same typical service at any other dim sum places... so 4 stars :) The ladies that push the cart aren't hasty or pushy but the server brings your water and is gone forever. No biggie to me actually, I'm use to it. Didnt see any roasted pork and the shrimp balls didn't have the flakey wonton breading. Spicy salty shrimp was not spicy, salty nor crispy like I'm use too. One bonus tho, the roasted duck wasn't too greasy. 

Great way to get the family together for brunch :)
had Dim Sum items and they were good. I enjoyed the taste of the food. Service was not excellent, not even good. they were quick to bring items for selection when first got there but were a little rude and didn't explain food to me in English, not do i think they could. Luckily I had a friend with me who knew how to communicate with them and also knew what was good to have.
Definitely had better dimsum elsewhere! The dimsums were not hot and they were bland. Waving down servers was not fun either. To be honest, i don't even know the names of the dimsums i get but i get very American-Chinese food and it wasn't impressive.
How cool is it to have a dim sum place on your neighborhood?  Decent price point, tasty plates, and most importantly delish pork buns.

My only criticism was that some of the dishes, like the noodles, we're at room temp - even slightly cool.  In their defense we showed up after 12 PM, so the dishes had meandered through the dining room a few times.

I'm sticking by my 4 stars - not because the quality is the best I've had, but because it's pretty good and I love having a dim sum place close by (even though my oldest son goes so often they know his name).
I like Chang's on Decatur but, I like this place WAY more. Mainly because it's cleaner and seems less hectic so you're able to get the dishes you want.
What's even more great is I found out that the owners of Chang's is, also, the owner of East Ocean.
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....

I've experienced better. I must say for a Dim Sum place it's not as crowded which I love and the bill is unusually cheaper than all my other Dim Sum Places I normally go to.
I usually order the Shumai and the Hagaw and the pork buns and the Nu Sao Pao.. Sad to say I can tell a difference compared to my normal dim sum places.. The service is great , they do not herass you like at Chang's pushing for their sales and screaming in your ears.. I like the location it's just down the road from my place I don't have to run all the way to China to get some Dim Sum.. Overall I give it a 3 star. I will try them again and give them another try.. Maybe my taste buds were off that day..
First time visiting.  Food was great.  Service was ok.  Loved the green tea and the potstickers rocked my socks.
I was visiting clients in the area and was surprised to see a Dim Sum place located in the area. Located in a large shopping center parking was a breeze. 

The place is quite large and they offer their dim sum the traditional way - on push carts. The ladies were friendly and unlike some places in So Cal where they hardly speak English. I was by myself so I picked 3 dishes. I did save some room for my favorite dim sum - egg tarts and this place makes them bomb. They were flaky warm and I finished all three!

The prices here are higher then So Cal and probably even LV Chinatown but it was convenient. Total came out to $18.00 plus gratuity.
This place is ok...not good and not bad.  

My recommendation is to go after 12...because I went 30 minutes after opening and ate what didn't sell on the dim sum carts the day before.  Dim Sum is simple and must be fresh...and soooo obvious when it isn't.  

I've been several times and the food is consistent when you get there after 12.  4 stars when cooked the same day and 2 stars when eating what should have been given  to the staff at the end of the day.
I was so happy that we finally have a dim sum restaurant around this side of town.  The food is ok, if u coming during busy hours. If not I would order items from the menu so they come out fresh and have not been sitting on the carts probably for hours.  

Overall I am jus happy that I don't need to drive to china town jus to eat dim sum
This place was pretty legit! I came here with friends and family and aside from Gee's garden dim sum in Tucson, AZ. This place really took dim sum to another level! Varieties of many dim sum dishes to choose from and a big place to serve it, if I ever visit Vegas again, I'll come here again!
The 11th Day of Christmas.

How cool is it to have dim sum for dinner and not have to go to Spring Mountain/Chinatown?  Pretty awesome, actually.  I met some friends the other night after work in Henderson and had my fill of char siu bao, pork shumai, and roasted duck with those delicious buns.  I started off with some egg drop soup that was just okay, but the other food items listed were great.  Service was fast and friendly and it warms my heart to know that East Ocean is conveniently located so that I can dine there before driving home to the other side of town.
The service is the best thing about this place.  That is why I gave them two stars.  The rest is down hill from there.  No flavor!  Too expensive!  Limited variety of dim sum! I'd rather go a little farther and enjoy a greater variety at a more reasonable price.  Won't be coming back here.
Dim sum is good.  It's comparable to other places.  It's close to where I live so that's another plus.  Dinner is not the greatest.  Usually when you order Egg Foo Young, it has the meat choice on the outside as well.  A little more decorative in the plate, but this place, it's just the egg patty and everything inside and sauce over it.  It taste decent, but could had been better.  This place is better for Dim Sum only and not for dinner.
Nomally I don't like too much sauce on each dish but this place's sauce is different as others. I love it!
Fresh meat/seafood with yummy sauce. 
Great price for these dishes.
Perfect!!! I appreciate that this restaurant was open for Thanks giving night  in 2012.
I used to eat here a lot.  It used to have the best Dim Sum this side of town.  The last time we went, it was less than spectacular.  I think they changed owners.  We ordered the table side Peking Duck.  That I still love, and it still tasted great.  The dim sum was rubbery and over cooked.  I was highly disappointed.  The service was the worst it has ever been.  I don't think I would be going back too soon.
The worst restaurant experience I've ever had. 

Dirty, dirty, dirty... The plates still had something from the previous customers. I asked to replace the plates. The waitress took the plate, never brought another one. 
Dirty floors, dirty tables... 

I ordered soup, the waitress brought the soup with her thumb in it... I couldn't eat. 

I've ordered just chicken and veggies, it was simply uneatable. 

I left everything practically untouched. Hopefully they didn't serve my food  to the next customer...   

DONT EAT THERE.
Went to this restaurant frequently since it opened. Recently noticed a change in the food quality and service. After allowing for fluctuations, today I again experienced the quality drop. I used to forego going to OrchidGarden for dim sum because  East Ocean is closer to me and the dim sum is almost comparable. The quality of the dim sum now has deteriorated so much that I must drive the extra distance to Orchid Garden. The service has deteriorated also. Now there are a few "supervisor" type walking around (doing what ?). The service still is unattentive and has deteriorated to the old cliche of poor Chinese restaurant service. Then the price has also gone up. So, overall East Ocean is no longer the substitute for the better Chinese restaurants along Spring Mtn. Sad  to see this happen because there are a lot of people in the Henderson area that appreciate good, if not excellent Chinese food.
Haven't been here since they've changed management. Went here  Chinese new year and to my surprise it wasn't packed. Their Dimsum is still tops for this side of town and price is just right. I do miss the baked barbequed pork buns from the previous management though. The food is still good.
This place is going downhill. Very inconsistent. I like that it's closer to me, but it's really not worth it after my last experience. Went there for Chinese New Year dim sum with my family. Was told by female manager that there was still a lot of variety going around, but it turns out a number of our favorites were missing. Pork in all the dishes was very white, like they forgot the soy sauce or something. Meat & shrimp were not sticking together at all in the Siu Mai. Noodles were bland. Very inattentive and poor customer service. The male manager walked by, and I started talking to him when his cell phone rang. He answered the call promptly without excusing himself, walked away, and never came back. I thought it was very rude of him. Better to make the trek to Chinatown for dim sum done right at either Orchids Garden or Ping Pang Pong.
Loved it, classic Dim Sum service. Attack you with carts as soon as you sit down. There is a Chinese dessert called Rice Cake that I could only fint in Hawaii, finally found it here and it was done the right way! Service was great, food quality was amazing! The only downer was that some of the food was cold. Other than that I will be coming back here for a long while!
Came here for lunch and was immediately seated. 

Hostess showed me the lunch specials, but I was there for Dim Sum! 

Had the usuals, BBQ pork bun, Shu Mai, and Shrimp dumplings. I would have ordered more, but when it just you, that was plenty. I do wish the servers would explain more of the items on their carts. I am adventurous eater and love to try new things, but it was difficult to understand what some of the dishes contained. 

Its great to have a place on the southeast side for dim sum. Looking forward to going back with friends and trying more..
It was okay. As soon as we hit the door they were trying to pawn off the cold trays and it was a tad overwhelming. I do not like the fact they offer Shark Fin soup and because of that I will not be going back.
Great location in Henderson. It's good dim sum for the locals and the dinner entrees are all good. Try the salt and pepper chicken wings as an appetizer. YUMMY. I hope they make it. This space is so ginormous that most restaurants in this location struggle to make the place look busy. I think they should partition the room a little more to create some smaller, intimate dining areas.

Management has always been friendly and receptive. My family and I come here to eat at least 3 times a month so we're familiar faces to them. For a Chinese restaurant to have a smiling server.... wow. :)
Absolutely HORRIBLE EVERYTHING! YUCK. OMG, where to begin....
Decided to eat here for a special occasion and was so disappointed. We arrived around 5:30pm, which apparently was early for this place. There were only two other tables with people, otherwise totally empty. We were seated at a rather large, awkward table when there was only 3 of us. The servers only brought out two dim sum carts, and the food was cold. The server noticed this just as I did, and she quickly grabbed it off the table, stamped our card, and said she would heat it up for us. WTF?! In your microwave, maybe? Eeew, not fresh. And that's not good with pork or seafood dishes! When she brought back it was not appetizing at all. We couldn't get water or drinks from any server. We picked at our food, decided it wasn't for us and waited for a server to return so we could pay the bill. Servers came and went and seemed deeply offended we didn't want any more disgusting dim sum creations. The attitude from the servers was awful. I decided to be proactive and take the bill to the register myself to pay. Honestly, they were lucky I even paid, it was so awful. When I paid the exact amount of the bill and nothing more so we could leave, the server got in my face and said "Hey! You no leave a tip!" I said that I absolutely would NOT be leaving a tip because I only tip on service and it was horrible. She was upset and said something to me that I can only assume was Chinese for fuck off. Classy. Anyway, we will not be coming back and happy to not ever recommend this place. It was really bad. Went across the street and had a great dinner at Grimaldi's pizza!
This was my first Dim Sum experience in Vegas (I was fortunate to enjoy it in New York a few years ago with my very knowledgeable BFF, Lily) and it was quite pleasant! Luckily, I remembered the dishes I enjoyed before (in NY and growing up in Hawaii) and I also got a heads-up text from Lily, so I knew exactly what to order.

Roasted Pork: Crispy skin, flavorful duck meat with a tasty sauce to dip.
Calamari: Batter was okay, but the spices were delicious. Squid could've been fresher.
Fried Shimp: Lightly fried whole shrimp with wonderful flavor. Again, just really great spices and it was cooked perfectly.
Beef Rice Rolls: I know their shrimp counterparts are much more popular, but these were just as good. The sauce was necessary, but just a tad salty. I like the glutinous texture of the rice noodle/wrap.
Spinach Ball: Haven't figured out exactly what these were, but they were giant "shu mai" stuffed with spinach (or at least I think it was) and a type of meat. It was pretty good.
Turnip Cake: One of my favorite dim sum dishes! Shredded radish, rice flour, steamed, and pan-fried. Same glutinous texture with a nice crunch. Yummy.
Barbecue Pork: Good flavor. I liked the thick slices of pickled radish that is served under it.
Char Siu Bao: Steamed barbecue pork bun. Yum! Soft and chewy bun filled with flavorful barbecue pork. Well done.

We enjoyed everything and although it wasn't very busy, the items off the carts were still fresh. They didn't have the turnip cakes when we got there and they were great to make it for us. Service was prompt and nice. We also enjoyed the tea service with our meal rather than our typical water. Great experience and convenient location!

Advice: Know what you want before you get there (whether you want Dim Sum or regular plates), since carts will swarm you immediately (and I mean, you haven't even settled in your seat or placed your purse down lol). Don't be afraid to ask what's on the cart or for items not on the cart. Also, it's a fast-paced environment so don't expect them to babysit you, just flag someone down when you need something and just shake your head politely when you don't want anything else (otherwise, they'll keep trying to sell you). Most importantly, enjoy!
Not the best dim sum I've ever had, but it's definitely a solid choice when you're in the Henderson area. I came here with coworkers today for lunch and I like that we have this option near work. 

Walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by how large the interior of the restaurant is. We were seated quickly and within five minutes we had a table full of goodies to enjoy. We tried quite a few things. I can never resist noodles in XO sauce and we ordered tripe, BBQ steam buns and an assortment of other things as well. We of course had to end our meal with egg custard as well. 

We had a dim sum newbie in the mix, so we tried to get lots of different things for her to try and it made the experience that much more fun. Service was good and refills on tea and waters were plentiful. Looking forward to adding this to my regular lunch rotation.
If you are in this area and want just ok dim sum this is only choice. It's pricey for the quality. Drive the extra 15 minutes and go to Ping Pang Pong.
One crazy saturday morning, I decided to take my wife out for a nice dim sum in a dim sum restaurant other than our usual favorite the orchid garden. I thought I cannot get any better dim sum place than orchid garden in Vegas. Boy, was I wrong. Upon entering the restaurant, I notice a big sign saying Review Journal best of 2013. OOOHHH thats where orchid garden title lose to. I was expecting nothing but the best now. 

Dont know why this restaurant only have three stars rating. Cos its 5 star in my book. If you know how to make fung caw (chicken feet) right, then you are 5 star in my book. 

Its as simple as that. Good combination, good siu may, good har gaw, nice varieties, fast service and even great beijing duck. a little bit far from my place, but so what.
I loved this place! I wish my trip was longer so I could eat here more! 

Very casual and quick. Delicious, fresh vegetable and fish dishes. Would probably eat here everyday if I were local. This place would be awesome even in SF Chinatown...
I'm super picky when it comes to dim sum, but only because I love it so much.  Everything here is larger than normal and it doesnt mean that just because its bigger its better.  But I think most of their dim sum specialities are on point with taste and quality regardless; siu mai, har gow, and fried meat ball (i like how the mochi covering is thick here). 

I dont like how they dont have enough bao selection.  That's a big thing for me when it comes to eating something sweet after all this salty!
We went for Dim Sum this past Sunday and I would have to say that the food was ok. Nothing special and overpriced. There were 6 adults in our party and the bill came out to $140 including an 18% tip that was automatically charged. Even though its conveniently located nearby we would rather have driven an extra 20 min to W Sahara to Orchid Garden. The food is much better and the bill probably would have been a little less. Skip East Ocean. It's not worth the price.
Really, really good Dim Sum, staff is great, some items get lost
 in translation, but so far everything we have ate has been great!
Came her on Sunday at about 11:15 am.  Our party was seated right away and the dim sum carts were all over us before we could really get settled in, so we ordered a few plates.  Most of the dim sum plates we got were pretty good, including pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, bbq pork buns, and egg custard.  Service wasn't anything unexpected for a Chinese restaurant-average.  Overall a pleasant experience with good food.
The Dim Sum was below average. I was with my THAI wife and son. It was really strange the staff wanted to touch my son during the entire meal. I ask one female server not to touch my son 17 month old. She continued to hang around our table wierd. The people sitting next to us thought it was crazy. We will not be going back.
I like how we sat down and we were already eating! Dim sum was tasty. Diggin the Xmas decor.
Solid dim sum. Pan fried green dumplings are my favorite. Modern atmosphere which some don't like but I love the food.
I have been here a few times for dim sum and it is the best dim sum I had in the southeast.  But that isnt saying much.

Just came in on Sunday afternoon to maybe grab some dimsum and the restaurant was empty besides one other table.  They asked us if we were eating dimsum or ordering off the menu.  We told them we would be doing both.

We grabbed a few of the dimsum items and you can immediately tell that they have been sitting out for a long time and felt tough. So we thought we would try the hot pot and ordered the specialty hot pot that had a mix of ingredients in it.  That was very disappointing and we didnt even end up finishing it.

All in all i would recommend coming here during busy hours so the dimsum can be a bit more fresh.
This is by far the best value and best taste authentic Chinese dim sum restaurant in the entire Vegas area.  I've tried many including those within the casinos and surrounding areas.  It's a bit far but is worth the time to travel.  All (especially Chinese) looking for delicious dim sum (fresh made and hot) don't look elsewhere come and try yourself then tell others.
Possibly the worst dim sum.  Granted we are used to San Fran or Hong Kong, but this is what Domino is to New York pizza.  Weekday late lunch may not have been a good time.  Service was courteous and attentive, place was clean, so two stars rather than one.
We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and ordered everything on their HH menu expect the pork 
1. Salt and pepper chicken, 5.99, 6pieces
2. Salt and pepper squid, 5.99
3. Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, 5.99
4. Beef chow fun (dry), 5.99
5. Yang Chow Fried Rice, 5.99
for $36.27

- Solid if you come here just for the Happy Hour food! 
- Salt and pepper chicken was just how I expected it. Tasted great. Loved the flavor. But it didn't match the squid. Squid seasoning was bland. 
- Chinese brocooli with oyster sauce had chicken which was a pleasant surprise. Great balance in the HH menu. Veggies! 
- Fried rice was a fail but nice compliment to the menu. 
- Beef chow fun was good! Nice recommendation.
- 5% off if you pay cash
- Service was confused. Just point. Point at napkin for more napkins. More tea? point at tea pot. 
- Tea charge fail. Some restaurants in cali do the same, so it's hit or miss. Tasted good. Leaf, not bagged. 
- Didn't bother trying the Dim Sum since OC/LA prices are so much better. Couldn't find it in my wallet to fork it up. HAHA. 
- Woman's bathroom has a very fragant soap! Exfoliate your hands! Coconut? Rocky! Nice!!
This place got a bad rap! I'm happy that Yelp let me down for once. The 3 star rating didn't deter me from trying it out and I'm glad it didn't. This restaurant is so much closer to our home in Henderson, and we didn't want to drive out to Spring Mountain Road so we gave it a shot. They had great dim sum at a good price. My only complaint was that some of the items weren't piping hot, but the flavors and presentation was good. The restaurant was clean, and there was no wait at 11 a.m. on a Saturday morning. We will definitely be back many many times!
Very upset with service will never eat again!!!!! Came here purchased certificate on restaurant.com. They would not honor my certificate said they are not accepting any coupon said they did not make any money off them. Well that's not my fault why did you even do business with the company???!!!! One of the waitresses said they were told to accept it if purchased on a certain date. She then said she needed to to verify with the manager. This to me is so bad for buusness at least they could do is honor there coupons and contact who they did business with and have them cancel these or do something. I would have never purchased this certificate they have horrible service he food is ok only.. This restaurant will lose business because they have no customer service or know how to run a business.
As others have mentioned, the service is "mostly confused" to be kind. The presentation was nonexistent - they just slop it on the plate with no attempt at making it look like anything other than that they slopped it on the plate. The food quality seemed OK but not impressive. What was really a turn-off is that they have shark fin soup on the menu, for anybody who knows how shark fins are obtained. Surprisingly, for a place that advertises as a Dim Sum restaurant, they really didn't have that much Dim Sum on the menu, and so we ordered something else. Probably more Chinese friendly than non-Chinese friendly, sort of the place that you take your family for Chinese -- if you are lukewarm on your family.
I've been here quite a few times now, food is good but not great. Could be better. Perhaps more selection on the dim sum and less on what they're trying to promote like, sushi rolls. Come on! Its a dim sum place not a Japanese restaurant!  
Service on the other hand,  Ehhhh. .... they check on you if they have something new not when US guest needs sonething? 
I'd still be back since its the closest dim sum by my house...
i was very disappointed! i came in for dimsum, granted it's a Sunday afternoon, i do expected that they are busy. When i was in there, the hostess seated us immediately, but after that, the service was SLOW, the food was NOT hot, waiting over 30 mins for hargow (shrimp dumpling) but never came, asked another waiter/waitress if they can bring us some hargow since there was only 2 people pushing the carts of steam dumplings in the restaurant that seat 250+ people!!! they told me i can not bring you hargow, you have to wait.... end up leaving still hungry and not happy!!! i don't think i will come back or recommended this place, i noticed there were 5 other tables seated around me experienced the same treatment, so much for "Best Chinese restaurant in Vegas"
Well, another extremely disappointing visit to a Vegas restaurant. I made a special trip to the area on Thanksgiving evening on the way to work intending on going to BJ's. Unfortunately for me, BJ's was closed. I drove around the shopping center to see who else was open and that is how I ended up at this place.

I went inside, took a paper menu out of paper menu stand which was right inside the door and decided on three items. I then waited for over five minutes for someone to take my order. A greeting would've been nice, but after five minutes it was beginning to look like I wasn't going to get any help at all. A lady sitting on a bench with a baby right inside the door finally got up and ran into the restaurant to get someone. Another lady showed up from somewhere in the back to take my order. She returned to the back where she came from.

I waited and waited some more for a man to show up this time with my credit card and receipt for me to sign. I looked at the items on the receipt and was surprised to see that I was being overcharged on two of the three items. When I questioned why the prices in the menu were different than the prices on my receipt, I was told that they were old menus and the price of seafood went up. I asked why I wasn't informed of this prior to ordering and was just given an apology. The man wrote $4.40 on my receipt and signed something (his name?) under it. He told me that would be a discount for the next time I went there. I should have just left at this point.

I signed the credit card receipt and my order came out shortly after that. I left and went to work. During my break at work, I removed my three items from the bag to find that two of the styrofoam cartons were broken and the contents were leaking out of them. I basically salvaged what I could and decided never to go back to this place again.

It's really wrong that they wouldn't honor the prices in their menu and tried to overcharge me without me noticing (I'm guessing). If after reading this, you still want to try this place, do not fall for all the Best of Vegas 2013 signs they've got hanging up in there. The food was nothing special. You can get better Asian food at most of the buffets around town.
I don't know where any of these bad reviews are coming from. Just went for the second time the other day and it was even better than the first. Granted, I know nothing about dim sum, but I brought my mom who grew up in New York and she was very pleased. She said it was the best she'd had in a very long time. Everything was delicious. The service was great. The manager (owner?) brought a second pot of tea to our table half way through the meal and we had a pleasant conversation where he gave us some recommendations on further choices. The wait staff was very busy, the place was full, but courteous and attentive. Yes, there is a language barrier, but they were willing and eager to try to overcome it to be helpful. Do yourself a favor, and get there before 3 pm. You'll have more choices and the food is hotter. That was my discovery on my second visit.
My husband and I went here to eat an early dinner on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was not crowded. I only mention this because the service was haphazard. They weren't rushed. 

We ordered the pot stickers as an appetizer, which were okay.  My husband ordered wonton soup.  The broth didn't taste like a Chinese broth, but more like the kind of broth that should have matzo balls in it.  The wontons were stuffed with some kind of mystery meat. 

When I ordered the main course, I asked the waitress for information about some of the chef specialties but I didn't get a description I could understand and there was no explanation of the dishes written in the menu. I ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce (my favorite). My husband ordered a vegetarian egg foo young.  The shrimp dish was very yellow and bland, served before the steamed rice and long before my husband's meal. His egg foo young was an enormous brown blob that looked as though something had died on the plate. He ate only a few bites.  There was great deal of food leftover and we refused to take any of it home with us. 

Yuck
This is my first time writing a review because I usually never write reviews but I was so disappointed with their level of service that I had to write a review.   I called in for a take out order and pick up time was at 6pm.  Now I arrived promptly but apparently they didn't start making my order yet until I got there.  I simply ordered chow fun and what was supposed to be a 15 minute wait turned into a 1 hour wait.  I basically watched 2 families walk in, eat, then leave.  Unacceptable.  There was another gentleman before me who apparently waited for "a while" before he received his take out order and he wasn't happy at all when he left.  Let this be a warning to all.
First off walking in the establishment, I see a green B and two red C's posted in the front counter (during the time of my visit). So that kind of makes me wonder. But anyways, the service isn't that great at all. I know dim sum restaurants typically don't have great service but this place blows them all out of the park. The food was bland and they offered to heat the noodle dish they served to us. They came back with it and it was still COLD. The fried squid was very mushy and tasted a little bitter. Dumplings were probably the best thing to eat there. Oh and you have to ask like 5 people to bring you rice. I wouldn't want to come back here.
Save your money, this place has bad food that has been left out for hours. Food poisoning, to add, the food is cold and they take it back and warm it in a microwave. I never thought any Chinese restaurant could screw up fried rice. Service is bad. They are so rude. Overall the food is yuk and service is even worse.
Terrible. Very unkind waitresses with
out any smiling at all were eating right next to guest table, not taking care of order. Worst thing was unsanitary. Do not ruin your taste and mood.
Dim sum is delicious but service sucks. Bottom line the quality of the food invites me back and if I can just go back to the kitchen and get it myself, I would give this place a 5 star.  Stay hungry Las Vegas!
Horrible! Cart only came once. Our waitress left us. And there was only 1 other table besides us in the restaurant. We left and went next door to hot n juicy lol go to orchids!
I have eaten here twice in the past month and both times have been positive experiences. The interior is very spacious and spread out so you will never feel crowded. The staff is very friendly and helpful with any questions you may have about the menu. The dim sum taste very fresh. I usually order a regular menu item, such as BBQ pork chow mien, and 2 dim sums. The orange chicken is some of the best I have ever had and I highly recommend trying it. Overall 5 stars!
Not bad but nothing special at all. It's nice to eat Chinese food without it being overwhelmingly oily. Unless you are a local to the area, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
If you live or work within the Henderson area, this is not a bad place for Dim Sum, especially if you want to avoid having to drive to Chinatown. Price is comparable, taste is good however it lacks variety. If you like the pineapple bun, order it upon seating so it will be ready by the time you are ready for dessert. It's clean and not greasy. My favorite thing there is one of the servers who speaks English really well and Spanish who thinks she owns the restaurant (or at least she tells me that). She is fun and entertaining at the same time.
We decided to try this place after Church. It was on a Sunday and it wasn't very crowded. After we entered the place, everything went downhill!

We were not greeted at the door and just stood there for several minutes. Some of the staff just looked at us and kept on walking. A lady finally came and sat us down with menus and took off... This was the first time at this place and we just sat there. There are lady's who push carts with soup, dim sum and several items. We were ask over 5 times if we wanted soup and each time we answered no....

Another cart came by and the waitress ask us if we wanted any of the items and requested if they had any shrimp dim sum. She said NO! I asked her what they had and she responded.... Shrimp! WTF! I also said I will try the duck. She responded " I have to cook it more". I guess it had been sitting out for a long time. She came back several minutes and it looked like it was reheated by microwave oven!

The food looked like it was sitting there all day and the place looked very 
unsanitary...

To get to the point, the food was HORRIBLE!!!! The waitstaff was very unhelpful and rude!

Before leaving, I looked up and the health card was a C! We will not ever go back to this place again! Check out hot n juicy next door!
First time here n Never been here!! Would never come again! I usually go to china town for dim sum, but didn't want to drive all that way since I live in the Henderson area n jst Wanted some dim sum to go!! And couldn't get any! The lady brought out a tray with a few dishes that was NOT appealing! Looked old. And I asked if I could see other dishes, she tells me there isn't any but I can special order it! I than asked her if I was to sit and eat in the restaurant! That is the only tray of food they have and she said yes, but I can special order it!! I've never been to a dim sum place that they only have 1 tray of food!! And they got the best of Las Vegas 2013!!?? I'm confuse how they even got that!! Horrible!! Horrrrrrrible service!! And they only have one tray of food to pass around!!! Still so confuse!!!
Good variety of dim sum and ambiance is authentic.  The only reason I give it 3 stars is it is a little pricey for dim sum (other places in china town are more reasonable) and the later you go then the food sometimes tastes as if it has been out for a little too long.
With so many dim sum and Chinese eateries they all start to blend in and food is always pleasing - but the same. For some reason this place stands out and seems fancy without a huge jump in price. The restaurant itself is huge and clean. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. Food seemed to take a little longer to come out but when it comes out you know it's freshly made! Loved it and will def be back.
Authentic Chinese done with great care and reasonable prices. Our Hong Kong hosts ordered a 6 lb whole lobster for the table, done two ways, both delicious!  Black bean and garlic sauce was my favorite. We also had whole fish and fresh chicken. If you want to experience what the residents of Hong Kong are enjoying, this restaurant brings it all to Las Vegas.
I come here ever so often for dim sum just because its close to where I live. However, I think this may be the last time I will be coming here for a very long while. I felt they try to push you to get everything in the carts. We constantly had to say, "no, thank you." 

The food was good. Not something to say "wow" about. You definitely need to come later like 1pm to see a more varietal of dim sum. Certain dishes I normally get at dim sum places, here it seemed bland. The desserts were very good though. 

 I guess I was also a bit surprise with the bill being over $60 for three people. I've never known to pay so much for dim sum especially for three.

Overall, if you don't want to drive to Chinatown for dim sum, I guess you can come here or go next door to Hot n Juicy Crawfish ;)
OK, but not great. Service was pretty good; we were promptly seated and frequently checked on. However, they would not split the check, saying each card needs a minimum charge of $20 to be swiped. The food was just so-so, and they did not have sesame chicken on the menu. Portions were also smaller than expected. It was hard to overlook that since the entrees were $12-15 and came with just a small side of white rice. It was pretty much twice the price for less food than the little Chinese restaurant on Pecos and Russell. I don't think we'll be back here.
I don't like Chinese food that much, but my bf loves it. So we tried this place. I loved their duck buns. The waiter comes to your table and slices and serves it to you. It was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. Will come back for these yummy duck buns.
We have eaten Dim Sum all over Southern California and believe me there are a lot of authentic restaurants there. Orange County is like another Asian country. (not complaining!)  Tried a place in Vegas and it was really not good but had a REALLY good experience at East Ocean. The staff was very helpful and attentive. The food was also really good. Until something else comes up, this is my local place for Dim Sum. Have already recommended it to others.
This is an amazing, authentic Chinese Restaurant with an astounding variety of flavors, without using dreaded MSG!  We had the pepper beef, so tender and bursting with flavor that melted in our mouths. For a special occasion we also had whole main lobster with bean sauce, so fresh and savory. We finished with fresh fish with pineapple and peppers, accompanied with shrimp fried rice and Chinese broccoli, perfectly prepared. This is the best Chinese in the city, including Chinatown!
Reasonable dimsum pricing and a decent selection.  The calamari was good but the coating was falling off and a bit greasy.  The portion size was good.  Two of us without alcohol were out of there stuffed for about $40.00 which for dim sum is good.  East Ocean does everything at a solid level but I expected a bit more from a place that touts being the best on the outside of the restaurant.  I would have liked to see friendlier service, more explanation of what the dim sum items were, a bit less grease on the fried foods, and have the carts come by without having to be asked.  All in all it is a good solid meal if you like dim sum but if you are new to dim sum, be prepared to guess what you are eating.
I came here with family during the weekend and it wasn't busy at all. We had dim sum and they have a good size of selections but the quality of food wasn't that good. If a restaurant is packed during the weekend, that's a good sign of quality of food and/or price.

Service is ok. They come and pick up the dishes, refill teas, etc. 

The restaurant is large and there's enough space for many large groups or even a banquet. 

I've had worse food so I think this place is ok but I would prefer to go somewhere else to eat.
The only reason I'm giving this disaster of a "restaurant" 1 star is because I don't have a
choice. FOR EVERYONE READING THIS REVIEW, CONSIDER THIS A FAIR WARNING! 

I just moved across the street and wanted to give this place a try, from the outside looking in; it looks like a nice spacious place to grab lunch from. When I walked in nobody greeted my boyfriend and I for about 3 minutes until a lady finally came to the front and sat us down, asked us what we wanted to drink and then sat 2 tables behind us to stuff her face with a table full of food. When she came back with our waters, I ordered a small bowl of hot and sour soup along with an order of pot stickers. Literally 5 minutes later she came back and my boyfriend ordered the house noodles, she took his menu and left mine, she never took my order. The soup had been sitting out for hours I'm assuming, because it wasn't even room temperature, it had no flavor, taste, or warmth AT ALL. GROSS!! My boyfriend took one bite of the pot sticker and had to practically yank it from his mouth because of how rubbery the texture was, it was cold too. I wasn't going to eat anything else from that place, and since the server was so conveniently close behind us -STILL EATING TONS OF FOOD MIGHT I ADD, I called her over to the table. I told her the food was cold and to cancel the order, she insisted that the pot stickers were made fresh so I then took my fork and tried to cut ALL of the pot stickers in half, one by one -they were all rubbery, she tried to look surprised. She then tried to explain that the pot stickers were 'dim sum' and they were made like that and kept saying that everything was made fresh... SMH. Never going back there again.
I was disappointed about the service. It took about 45 minutes for our food to get served, which is so unusual for Chinese rest. The food was not great, the lettuce wrap was the worst I've had so far. I will never come back to this place again.
I've eaten here a few times. Dim sum is decent but depending on the day and time, the quality and variety greatly fluctuates. 

Went for Mother's Day with family and never made it to actually being seated. The sinister hostess grumbled at me to wait when I asked if I could be added to the wait list. She then stood there, doing nothing between seating others in line. After 15 min of waiting & other parties coming into the restaurant, I approached her again to add my name. She yelled "You wait!" She then lumbered to the front desk and yelled, "okay, I get names now!" 

Really? REALLY??

A crowd of about 20 people went forward to submit their names, but I got to her first (as I was there before the others) and asked for a table for 8. She glared at me, wrote my info, without saying a word. When I asked what the average wait was, she responded, "5 minutes or maybe hour and a half. Either way, you wait!" 

Really, she seemed inordinately invested in my "waiting"...

After seeing her treat everyone else rudely & talking to my family, we decided it wasn't worth it so we left. 

As far as returning in the future, and this is directed right at snarling, hissing "Dragon Lady disguised as matronly hostess", YOU'LL be waiting for a loooonnngg time.
I like this place.  It is clean and open.  I have been to several places for dim sum and this is one of my favorites.  It is quiet and you don't feel so rushed.  Can actually enjoy some conversation (in between the food carts.)  The food choices are good and my favorite are the pineapple buns :)!!!
I'm surprised this place is still open. I tried this place for the first time this weekend and I've never been soooo disappointed by dim sum. I had been craving some dim sum the whole week and since I was in this area I gave it a shot...a shot on the foot would've been a better experience than eating here.

The hostess was too pre-occupied with shenanigans so we stood around for minutes. The place was dead. Grade B, C and another C on the wall. I wanted to leave but my friend wasn't willing to go to Chinatown. He has never tried dim sum and it's very unfortunate to have his cherry popped at a place like this.

We got Cha Siu bao, flat noodles with beef, Hargao, 2 orders of siumai and BBQ pork. Everything was bland. The Hargao and siumai were fishy. The Cha Siu bao and flat noodles completely lacked meat. All dough/noodles. 

I taught my friend a Chinese phrase to describe this place and the food: bu hao! Their BCC grade probably means Beeyotch Can't Cook! I couldn't sleep that night due to a terrible stomach ache.
New FAVORITE Dim Sum in the Vegas area (yes I know it's in Henderson).  Hubby and I happened on East Ocean by chance.  While shopping in the area, we required a quick, yet healthy meal = dim sum.  I knew we hit jackpot when we walked through the doors and 98% of the clientele was Asian.  Hubby and I exchanged a knowing glance and we gladly followed the ever waiting hostess to our table.

Before we could even situate ourselves properly our drink orders were taken and the food started to arrive en masse.  First observation, they have TONS of choices.  All our favorite dim sum items were present and accounted for.  

Second observation, with our first bite (of our  prospective favorite item) we were hooked.  The food is excellent.  Fresh and very flavorful.  Their chili oil, passed Hubby's seal of approval, this is a rare occurrence, very few restaurants pass this test.  If you like duck, I highly reccomend their duck.  It was delicious, juicy and definitely NOT over cooked.  Their Cane Crab is not served on a sugar cane stick, but has to be the BEST I have ever tasted at a dim sum restaurant.

Lastely, this place is large, very clean and absorbs sounds, so you can still have an intimate meal with someone and not feel like you are listening to everyone else's conversations, or they yours.  They even have a family bathroom, so you can take your kids with you comfortably.

Note:  if you bring cash you will get a discount on your meal.  They let you keep the difference that a credit card company would take, that's AWESOME, so hit up an ATM before you come.  

Also for those of you who are tourists, do not hesitate to have a cab bring you here.  It's only about 15-20 minutes off the strip and it's well worth the drive.
This was our first Dim Sum dining experience.  I didn't know what to expect but I've been wanting to try it since we moved here.  

We walked in towards the end of lunch hours.  We were greeted and seated right away.  Yes, we were the only ones in there.  I think this worked to our advantage though.  Being it was our first time, she gladly explained how everything worked.  She said dim dum is appetizers.   You pick from the cart that comes by the table.  What I like is that your food is done already with in waiting.  

The down side to this is you don't know the names of what you are getting and how long they have been on the cart.  Unfortunately I chose to try some calamari.  That was probably the most dry and overdone calamari I've ever had.   On the bright side, I had some pretty tasty siu Mai and har gow.  I only knew the names because someone else had posted it.  

I love the format of the dim sum restaurant.  The service here was friendly and very attentive.  I say it's a strong 3.5!
Very good dim sum. I no longer have to drive to spring mtn for it. Sticky rice, BBQ pork buns were both stand outs!!
I like this place mainly because of its location, the best dim sum place probably still is in gold coast, but you can never get in there during weekends, it is always packed, the quality of  east ocean dim sum is close to the one in palms , but palms is too far from where I live . anyway I tried chicken feet last time , (the must try dim sum dish), but it was not good , tasted staled, like being heated many time. I love the barbecue pork , string beans, spare ribs, tasted very authentic. this probably is the only authentic chinese restaurant in henderson.
Love this place, I'm from San Francisco, and go to Las Vegas at least twice a year, I stay on the south side at our Condo's, and found this place last year,  it's fast service good food for the price, friendly staff, they always remember us, and you can always tell good food by the patrons, always crowded, and Asian.  There bbq pork is lean, and Noodles great flavor.  dim sum very good.  lunch is cheap.  we'll be back...
Absolutely amazing! It was like i was in Chinatown in San Fransisco. From 11 to 3 they serve everything on the menu and then after 3 they serve a shortened menu
As far as Las Vegas dim sum restaurants goes, this one is high on my list now that I know about their relatively more extensive menu selections.  Plus, there was hardly any wait during the weekend, which is typically prime time for dim sum.

The food is good, flavor is not over powering, and the service is fairly good as well.  Price is reasonable, especially considering that it is a dining spot inside a casino.  $2.18 (small), $2.88 (medium), $3.88 (large), and higher prices for specialty items. $1 per person for tea, as going to eat dim sum is usually known in Cantonese as going to "drink tea" (pronounced as "yum cha"), as tea is traditionally served with dim sum.

The highlights of what I have tried thus far:
* Fish Paste & Golden Mushroom Crepe (it is not European crepe, but the steamed cheong fun). Their varieties of "crepe" is slightly higher than what you find at typical dim sum, but the gourmet combination of ingredients surpasses anything you will find at those restaurants.

* Baked Chicken and Asparagus Pot Pie - if pot pies get a Chinese makeover and are served in petite bite size appetizer portions, these would be it.  

* Baked Durian Pie - If you don't like durian then don't order this.  I personally enjoy durian, but it is mostly a love it or hate it kind of affair.  Why it is on my list of recommendations? I don't think you can get it anywhere else in the valley, and I have never seen it in San Francisco or Los Angeles for that matter.  It is a pot sticker sized baked pastry with flaky dough that surrounds the creamy durian filling.

If you want to check out Cathay House at The Palms, ask the employees for direction to the cafe (we asked some for directions and they didn't even know about Cathay House).  Cathay House is located in the rear half of the cafe.  There are no direction signages in the casino, and aside from a relatively non-attention getting name printed vertically on the wall next to the cafe, its basically a restaurant hidden in plain sight.  Finding Cathy House is almost like trying to find the path of illumination, except no cardinals are murdered on the hour and hardly as thrilling as a Dan Brown novel.

Price:  4/5  Very reasonable.

Location:  4/5  Right inside the casino, perfect for those staying at the Palms or across the street at Gold Coast.  If you can find it that is :)

Service:  4/5  Pretty good service from the dim sum cart ladies.  Not so great at refilling water or tea (needs to be prompt) from the male servers.

Food:  5/5  Awesome selection (until 3pm, after that it is a very limited dim sum menu), the food for the most part is as good or better than other dim sum restaurants.

I would totally go back so I can try more unique items that are not served at other dim sum restaurants.
If authentic is rude, they are definitely authentic! 

I will be honest the dim sum was good. I was extremely excited about dining at the Cathay House. However, the service was the worst I have ever experienced. A waitress made a very insulting comment about my wife in Chinese. Little did she know that I speak Chinese. I confronted her and she gave me a very fake apology. The experience made me lose my appetite which is very rare. As I look around everyone seated was Chinese. We felt very out of place and unwelcome. Our ice tea was empty for well over half an hour. No one ever came by to check on us. We had to take our ticket to the counter to pay. The food was not good enough to justify the rock bottom service. Unless you are old school Chinese, I would not recommend going to the Cathay House.
Total rip off.  Found out accidentally that they charge $1 per person for the tea which they automatically place in front of you whether you ask for it or not.  I asked them how they determine who is and who isn't drinking the tea.  They could not answer me. I usually order soda.  Also, the quality of the food is not consistent and  the service sucks.
It's kinda standard that tea is charged per person at a dim sum place regardless of how many people drink the tea. It is just standard practice. If the entire table doesn't drink tea then that's fine, but if even ONE person drinks tea, then the whole table is charged -- that's how it is in Asia, that's how it is in dim sum places all over. I think it's unfair to give a restaurant a bad rating because you don't understand the way things are in these types of restaurants.

Having said that, I was skeptical at first when I was in Vegas for a reunion, however, my classmates and I attended school in Hong Kong and everyone was well-versed in how REAL dim sum is supposed to be. Some of the non-Chinese people even spoke Chinese so we got seriously good service. They even went to get freshly steamed/prepared items for us.

They have a good selection of dim sum, not terribly extensive, but good enough with har gow, cha siu bao, chicken's feet, tripe, pork spareribs, seen juk guen, cheung fun etc. They also offer a menu of a la carte items on top of the dim sum.

I just didn't expect to find decent dim sum at the Palms, that's all. If you are staying at the Palms this is as good as any a place to get your dim sum on. If you're having to drive anyway then go to Chinatown.
I'm giving this 3 stars b/c i've had better dim sum, but if placed in the context of Vegas, this place probably deserves 5 stars b/c i dont know of any other dim sum places in that city. 

The people here actually speak Canto and push around the carts - major kudos. 

As far a variety goes, they have the basics. If you need a quick dim sum fix, this place is very decent and again.....this is Vegas so Cathay House is quite a gem.
This is one of the restaurants I must visit every time I come to las Vegas. Food and the service always been great ( always a plus) ! However, this visit ( October, 16th 2011) was such a disappointment and I probably won't be going there again anytime soon. We were there around noon time for dim sum. We picked all the items we would usually get at Cathy's house, the flavors were off and it looks like has been sitting out for a while and looks awful. One of our item was dry and cold, we ask one of the male server if we could exchange it to a fresher one, he just looked at us like we are crazy without saying a word and just walked away. After the meal, we went to the front desk to pay our bill. I ask the cashier lady if they have changed their chef( apparently, most of their old crew went to their new location in palms casino ) she seem wasn't very interested in talking to us, just want us hurry to pay and leave. We were just in shock and disappointed by the way we been treated and how awful their food was. How could one of the best Chinese restaurant in las Vegas become one of the worst in less then a year. What a shame!
Just landed, checked in, made up, and craaaaazzzyyy hungry.  Dim Sum?  I'm in like sin.

The late night dim sum menu is considerably smaller than the dayside one-- but I can vouch for the Hot and Sour Soup!  Large and delightful soup for about 8 dollars.  I tasted hints of chili paste and Siracha sauce in it, but it sure gave it a nice kick.

I observed a burnt out worker order a bowl of hot and sour soup for herself, and slurp that thing down like it was no body's business.

The Shu Mai ain't bad either--  a happy middle between frozen store bought kind and legit dim sum.  I'm thinking the daytime food is probably much more fresh.

Service was alright-- nothing stood out.  Food took a few minutes to come out, and water was replenished.
Too bad I can't give a -5 star. We were told that we can't eat there because we both have to order from the same restraunt(24/7 cafe is where I usually eat at.). I rarely every want asian food. The wife loves it. So we were really mad at them. This is all very sad because last time we ate there we spent almost $80 on us. Oh well their loss.
The space is very nice, once found.  A friend in town and I were wandering around the Palms while our guys played blackjack, and figured it was a good idea for a cheap afternoon snack, especially in a casino.  First, we were seated in the 24/7 cafe, and did not see dim sum on the menu.  We got up and found Cathay House, and moved in there.  The hostess never asked us what we wanted, and we had seen the dim sum menu on the flatscreen...silly misunderstanding on my part.

Once seated, we saw the small dim sum menu with the larger Chinese menu.  There were plenty of cheap items ($2.88 and $3.88) on the menu and we wanted like 2-4 to snack on.  However, when it was time to order, the waiter said after 3 the dim sum menu is limited to 3 or 4 items, all which had pork except for one.  This was not on the menu or any sign.  If it was listed that way on the flatscreen or on the menu, we probably would not have wasted our time.  So we ordered the one, shrimp dumpling listed at $2.88.  I was disappointed, and mentioned I don't eat pork, but he didn't offer an alternative.

We got the dumplings, 4 total, and they were fine.  We decided to get the bill because there were no other options, and of course we we charged $3.18 for it.  I decided not to argue because I imagine we would have been told that after 3, it goes up 30 cents or something.  But that is sketchy nonetheless.  Not in a rush to go back - I know dim sum is not really an afternoon thing but if Cathay House, which is known for dim sum, is open long hours in a casino, I would think their whole dim sum menu would be available or something should tell patrons that it is not..
Not the best ever but not too bad. I've always randomly dropped into the 24/7 cafe so when I heard they started serving Cathay House food too, I was pretty thrilled. I'm used to the limited dim sum menu at night and just be warned, this is SUPER limited. Luckily it included most of the usual stuff (my friend was a dim sum virgin) so it still worked out okay since that was the stuff I wanted to order anyway (except I really really really wanted my custard tarts). Everything tasted fine, the server was really nice, it was a tad bit crowded. Would probably not come back here specifically for dim sum unless I was already here but would happily bring my friends who want a Chinese food fix in a familiar casino setting (without the super insane casino price tag).
I grew up eating dim sum since I can remember. But service seemed to have lacked over the years. I don't know why. There food is still delicious, but they need to retrain their staff  because I know of the old staff who are great, but its the new staff that need to learn how to keep loyal customers WHO ARE NOT CHINESE to keep coming back. I know PALMS opened a Cathay house by their cafe. Terrible experience over there. I had to talk to the manager several times because my mother, grandma and I waited over 30 minutes to get our dinner served. And on top of that, they accidently gave us somebody else's order of MP shrimp, and then took it back after it was sitting in front of me for a few minutes; and then served it to the next table. Very disappointed.
just reading the reviews and trying to get in the other day was hopeless,as they have one line for both restaurants,which is lame and the here being in the Palm's , they cater probably for the celebrities.. Cathay House is behind/inside 24/7,which is crazy, so you have to deal with the help for both places, which is unorganized from my stand point, seeing all the massive people standing in line to get seated??
I am undecided to try this place as i know what good dim sum should taste and was thinking on using the promo coupon, but it seems the yelpers here think go elsewhere.. I find the most of the staff at this casino,  are unfriendly and not helpful.
This place defies my usual  rule that when imbibing in ethnic food and I am the only round eye or caucasian in the joint, the grub is gonna kick out the jams! Not so here.
Very average chinese-american food.
Great service, clean with drinkable wines by the glass but nothing to really get you coming back for more.
Cathay house's dimsum is always good but what i've noticed is that their servings have become smaller.  The steamed rice cake has become thinner.  The egg custard wasn't great. The crust wasn't thick, it lacked a few more minutes in the oven.  The custard itself wasn't firm enough.  So far the egg custard that I've liked is the one from Chang's.
I have been to this place many times.  Reasonable prices and good service.  Close to my work where I can meet for a quick lunch.
I have had dim sun and Also Authentic Chinese style dishes from Many restaurants in San Francisco Phoenix also Las Vegas the cathy house was Recommended to us we were Excited to try but wow the Excitement didn't last long this was some of the worst dim sum we have ever had I am a chef myself and I do a better job of cooking Char Siu it sad that there is such a large Asian community that support these local restaurants the owners   Should make it top Priority To make the best authentic Asian cuisine possible Quality product is will always bring repeat business
Not bad! The pot stickers really stood out to me as the best item. 

A wide variety of options. This is true dim sum. The rice was a bit to oily for my liking, and I believe ended up giving me a stomach ache after. 

The staff really pushes food on you, so make sure you come hungry! It is to the point where the waitor will place an item on your table...and you have really say no!
Was out there this past weekend and took my boyfriend out for his first taste of Dim Sum on Sunday. Uuugghh....so not what I was expecting. I see the dollar value and it wasn't worth what we paid. They didn't have the spicy mustard and their red chili sauce tasted old. Their sticky fried rice costs $4.99!! That's expensive for something so little. Everything we ate was barely warm to cold. I saw they heated some items up in the microwave from their cart because obviously it was sitting on the cart long enough to have cooled down.

Their fried stuff was the worse. I got my favorite taro wrapped meat that is fried to this lovely brown flaky crust but it was cold. Then my second favorite which is fried shrimp in sugar cane. That was cold and so disappointing. Their service was good so unfortunately, that's all I have to say about this place. I've had better and would not recommend this place to anyone nor would I come back again.
This is an easily found restaurant particularly if you intend to visit the Edinburgh Zoo or stay in the large Holiday Inn Hotel which are both almost directly opposite. The building was known as an hotel in the past but the exterior and interior have under gone a massive refit which means you sit in comfort with well laid out tables and AC for keeping you cool or hot etc.

I tried to lunch menu which is set with the option to buy either all 3 courses or just one. The evening main menu is even better with nothing too much bother to change to your taste by the host Ms Tracy Chu.

I know a lot of groups or parties are held here and the service never seems to suffer as a result. You can inform the restaurant of what party members wish to have included in their meal and any special diet taken care of.

Parking is OK after 6.30 pm and most times during the day except for bus lanes in rush hours. If you go at weekends or bank holidays its best to book or call in early as it gets very busy.
Well yes its my local and a very appreciated with all the changes and excellent food. I might just give it 5 stars after my next visit !
Friendly, nice staff, that are quick to help and great Chinese at an affordable price. I live close by and I regularly go here as its very good food. It gets a 5 star in my book.
Why I took so long to cross the road from the hotel to this little gem is beyond me.

The service and decor are excellent and the food is simply superb. They have real chopsticks too!

Highly recommended.
after checking into the holiday inn across the street hunger struck knowing typical hotel food is usually nice but over priced we turned to the good folks of Edinburgh's yelp community for a destination. as you can tell from the previous reviews this restaurant is excellent.
The meal was served up in super quick time and is by far and away the best chinese Ive had in a long time. Fresh ingredients are evident in all the meals and the taste easily reflects this.
A meal for two was very reasonable priced at roughly 30.
If you are visiting the Zoo or staying in the hotel this is definately the place to eat.
What is it, a lime flavored beverage?  A Japanese pop-rock band?  A shade of wall paint by Glidden?  No, Cool Jade is a Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh, the last restaurant I would review during my vacation, and the best Chinese restaurant I've ever visited there or anywhere.  The range of choices, the quality of delivered dishes and the overall dcor cannot be praised enough.  In less than two hours we enjoyed a range of Asian dishes I'd never seen in the many Westernized Chinese restaurants I've visited in my home town (and I've been to them all).   Unfortunately, without an online menu or even a website, it's difficult for me to detail the specific dishes ordered at Cool Jade, so I'll have to go on memory and photos.

The dcor is classy, presented as a top-notch bistro rather than a brunch-buffet location where casual eaters shovel chow mein and chop suey via forks and ladle-sized spoons into their distended stomachs...

...yeah, I admit having a tendency to offend those that support and promote westernized Chinese restaurants because I've been to China and tasted authenticity first hand.   I get asked often to recommend Chinese buffets, but for me it's like requesting a favored Arby's location--they are all the same and the quality can be graded on the same scale as your next bowel movement, which in this case arrives fast and definitely furious.  Cool Jade is exactly what I have been wishing for since my trip to China so many years ago (so many--okay, it was six).  
The initial plate was a collection of appetizers including crispy seaweed, sesame cakes, spare ribs, egg rolls, and deep fried dumplings, all resting on a warming plate.  After that we were served up shredded duck with pancakes, spicy beef, and noodles.  There was no real entre for each sitter, just a collection of plates the both of us shared from, as it should be and how it actually is in many cultures across the world.  The meal was fun and satisfying but it was the more authentic touches I appreciated like the plastic-wrapped towelette or the fact that the chopsticks were plastic.  I hate plastic chopsticks but it's one thing I clearly remembered from China.  Wooden sticks are a luxury of the west given our amount of timber.  Or how about the carrot carved into the shape of a pagoda temple or the other one in the shape of a flower.
Yeah, a pagoda temple, that level of detail.  This attention is not often seen in Westernized Chinese.  

I had been teased about Cool Jade for weeks--about how good it was, superior to other restaurants like it.  Having experience in this field I know why, because they don't compromise.  They don't pander to the tasteless, cultureless masses.  Westernized Chinese food is for people without culinary curiosity--who think that eating Chinese is them upsetting the normal order of hamburgers, steaks, and potato chips, the staple daily diet.  Cool Jade is not selling to those people.  This is for people who when they leave their homes and eat out, they want something special, an event worth remembering.  It's what I want.  It's what I got: a fantastic experience on my last day in Edinburgh.  

Of course, the meal still had to end with fortune cookies.  Some things never change.
Did I mention there was a carrot carved into the shape of a pagoda?

DECOR:  9
PLATING: 10
SERVICE:  8
FOOD:  9
VALUE:  9

OVERALL:  9 out of 10
Having spotted this on a bus into town from the Edinburgh Capital Hotel the previous day I thought I must give it a go. After a day at the zoo you work up quite an appetite, it's hilly! We headed over the road to dine. As Chinese is a favourite of ours we were looking forward to this meal, after all the previous reviews are singing its praises.

We walked in to a lovely ambience of gentle background music and were shown a nice table in the windows. The staff were really friendly and polite.

We ordered Peking Ribs, Lemon Chicken, Fillet Steak Cantonese Style, Chinese Greens and Young Chow Fried Rice. This was easily enough food for 2 hungry people. The quality of the food was excellent and great flavours, possibly the best Lemon Chicken I've ever tasted, and there's a long list to rate against!

This was washed down with a few lovely Tsing Tao beers. If I'm ever in the area again I'll be returning here!
I don't usually write reviews, but for a place as good as this I have to..Go right now! Restaurants this good deserve to be busy. This is the best Dim Sum I've ever had. It's home-made, fresh and tasty.  The restaurant is small - 7 tables or so. We had a selection of 5 different  types between two of us, which came in a 22 including soft drinks. You get 3 or 4 per portion. Plenty of food for us, if you are hungry a selection of 6 portions would do. Yes it's a bit more expensive than some other places, this doesn't matter, it is very reasonably priced for what you are getting. Will be going back this week.
This place is going to be huge. The food is fresh and excellent but importantly very reasonable. Go now so you can boast to your friends that you were there before it became famous. Dinner for two no drinks 17 quid, and we were very content and full afterwards. Try the steamed spare ribs in black bean sauce, heavenly. Highly recomend
Absolutely fantastic, you must go.  All dim sum is fresh and homemade, all amazing.  There was nothing we didn't love.  Three of us went, we each had a beer and we shared seven dim sum and some noodles between us.  Bill came to 42, great value for amazing food.  Best food I've had in Edinburgh.
I have been to this small little gem for a while. Being a Chinese, I am very picky about my food. I have eaten quite a few Dim Sums around Edinburgh and this is by far the best Dim Sum restaurant in Edinburgh. The Dim Sums are made fresh everyday. The place is small and only has about 8 tables but I guess you do have the personal attention. The menu of the Dim Sum is not extensive, but the quality of each Dim Sum is superb. I suppose they are aiming for the 'make a few but make it really good' concept. There is only one chef and a waitress and the waitress is really friendly and willing to help you with the choice of your Dim Sum. The speed of the food that comes out of the kitchen is really fast as well once you place your order so you don't have to wait long. I hope more people learn about this place as the location is horrendous as it out of the main road. All I can say is you will never regret a visit to this place for food.
Stack Dim Sum 

Ah..mazing. Fan..fn..tastick ..I have not eaten such a good meal in so long. I cannot name all the dim-sums and soups I had but I was really impressed with the taste! 

They have a tablet with all the meals on it (as well as the normal menu) which is a nice touch. Their sambal is homemade and refreshing (whilst still carrying  a lot of heat. 

The majority of the food presented is home made and you can certainly taste that.

I would recommend to go with 3 or more people as there is so much you want to try and it is a shame that you then have to limit your choices. 
We were with 5. We had Dim-sums, springrolls, chicken feet, pork belly, squid, beef broth and much more. 

They are busy most days and I recommend going earlier in the evening to avoid the crowd or call to see if they ave space. - bookings are possible.

My favourite Leith Dim-Sum place!
I tried Stack's dim sum tonight with some friends. Overall, the experience was decent: the service was good, the food came quickly and the prices were more than fair. As far as authenticity is concerned, Stack remains quite faithful to tradition: all of the familiar favorites are present on the menu.

That said, if you've experienced real dim sum in Asia or in the US before, Stack just doesn't quite cut it. The flavors, textures and freshness just aren't comparable to that of genuinely good dim sum. On the other hand, we are in Edinburgh, and I therefore think that Stack deserves a lot of credit for simply existing. If it were in New York, California or Hong Kong, Stack would deserve a couple of stars at best. However, since it's one of the only (and possibly the best) dim sum joints in town, it gets the extra star.
I love Stack Dim Sum! This small place just off Leith Walk serves absolutely delicious food and it's a great place to go with a group of friends, order a few things from the menu and share. You get a bit of everything to try. 

The menu has so many tasty things that it can be difficult to choose initially.. So far I have sampled various dumplings, char sui bun, slow braised chicken claws (yes they are delicious and again the collagen factor is one the benefits of eating this delicacy), tender braised pork pot rice, slow braised beef in with noodles in a broth. All home made and yummy. One of my favourites is the braised pork pot rice - it is just comfort food in a bowl. Also the beef noodle soup has really good flavours. 

They do a nice home made spicy chilli paste which goes well with most of the dishes. 

Go and try for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
Initially the only customers on Sunday afternoon, we'd heard good things about Stack so anticipation was high. We ordered 2 dim sum each (4 of us), so had a decent selection of the menu to try - including the chicken claws which were really only ordered out of curiousity and whilst not disgusting, I probably wouldn't order again (you spend more time picking bones out your mouth than eating the claw). 

The menu suggests ordering 2 dim sum each and a rice/noodle dish - I had the rice broth with marinated pork and 'thousand year' egg, which was fairly bland and the egg was cut up so the experience of eating the unappetising looking preserved egg was lost somewhat. It wasn't bad, and would definitely make good comfort food, like a rice porridge, but nothing exciting. The other 3 went to order 3 noodle dishes but the waitress advised that this was a bit much (despite the advice on the menu), so we got 2, and she was right - these were big portions.

I've given Stack 4 stars, despite my apparently negative review because it was good. The dim sum were tasty and perfect for sharing. The tablet with photos of the dishes in addition to the printed menu was great too. And prices are reasonable. We'll be back, but possibly won't order chicken claws or rice broth again!
I don't know much about dim sum, but what I do know from the one restaurant in San Francisco and then Stack Dim Sum on Dalmeny Street, Edinburgh, I know I like it.

With the tapas style of eating (order lots of small plates and share with everyone, so you all get to eat ALL THE THINGS) it suits my inquisitive taste buds perfectly. The only thing I didn't want to eat on the menu was chicken claws (although, according to Anita A these are great for your skin with all the collagen...) so instead we had to share amongst four folk: char sui pork buns; the pork and the prawn rice buns; mini ribs; beef won ton; duck spring roll; vietnamese spring roll; lots of other things.

The wee pork ribs were a bit too wee for me, but the beef won tons, duck spring rolls and vietnamese spring rolls were all little deep fried parcels of joy. Ample stuffing, and all very flavourful.

The food comes out very quickly, piping hot, and in an hour we had all tucked in and contented ourselves with many dim sum delights.

I would say dim sum isn't my favourite type of cuisine generally, so I won't come back here regularly for that reason. But if I do want dim sum, this is where I'll come. THe restaurant itself feels like one of those hidden gems you'd find in a 'China Town' district of a city; except that Edinburgh doesn't have a China Town. It's not fancy in decor, but it's traditional in cooking and the staff are friendly. A cool 'in the know' place for good eats. Num num dim sum!
Went here for the first time on Friday for lunch as myself and my dining companion were after something cheap, quick and not too filling. Having heard good things about this place, we felt it was worth a try. And it really really was.

The service was quick and friendly, the atmosphere cosy and comfortable, the char sui bun and pot stickers were among the best I've ever tasted. 5 plates between us and not a bad one among them, this was definitely the first of many visits to Stack!
New Menu new review. 
They have seriously shortened the menu and but the favourites on there. They added some new ones and I am a happy Jungleboy. The pork belly dishes are second to none. The dim-sum Sai-Bau is my new favourite - the pastry casing is see through and the filling so delicate and flavoursome. 
As usual we get a lot of choice and stacks of flavour. 

Thank you Joyce and their kitchen team for making sure I get my dim sum rocks off!
I wish I could love this place as much as everyone else... but it's just not there... I've had plenty of dim dim in my life and maybe the availability of Asian food in Auckland has spoiled me, or even just better dim sim places in London... but my dining experience as Stack was just... bland....

The food itself was alright... but nothing I can't buy for cheaper from the Asian supermarkets and make myself at home... The sticky rice from the A.S is actually much better than the ones at Stack... 

The menu/selection isn't great.. and I had quite a large selection of the options... but nothing was overly stand-out...

There was no condiments to go with my dim sims...  The service, considering there was 3 tables while we were there, was pretty slow and I physically had to get up to get the attention of the waitress to order more food...

I was excited that there was a dim sim restaurant in Edinburgh.. but I won't be hurrying back to Stack... There is apparently one other place in town that offers dim sim... so I shall try there next time...
It may not look like much, but Stack is full of surprises. There's a good range of dim sum - fried and steamed - all cooked and served perfectly. As well as the standard fare, there are plenty of more unusual options like chicken claws and congee. The flavours are big without being salty and none of the dishes were particularly greasy.

The asparagus and salmon dumplings were a bit of a highlight and I'm a sucker for squid cakes ("smashed" squid, if you believe the menu) and these flash-fried little packages of loveliness are a delight.

The obvious comparison is with Chop Chop, and I'm certainly not saying Stack's food is better (extensive and repeated research of both restaurants would be necessary before I committed like that). In terms of service though, Stack wins hands down. And, unless you're going for the banquet at Chop Chop (which I always find to be TOO MUCH PRESSURE) Stack's certainly better value.
Tasty dim sum and it's local!  Been wanting to try this place out for age, since seeing all the hype on here about it.  It's a small restaurant with a basic but dated interior however the steamed dim sum were good.  Wasn't overly keen on the buns although the noodles and rice were lovely and all washed down with a bottle of beer. 

The service isn't overly friendly and it's almost a little cold, but they do have a interactive tablet menu along with the regular paper menu to show you what the dishes look like.  I thought that was pretty helpful for any dim sum newbies. 

The dishes came out one by one and at different times, so it's a bit like tapas, we just shared the dishes, enabling us the try a little bit of everything.  Now I'm no dim sum connoisseur but I've been to an amazing dim sum almost fast food restaurant in China Town, New York but the portions and style of dumplings were a little different to our wee Leith establishment.  Not what I was used to.  I was expecting bigger dumplings, with more juices and bite.  

All in all, this place is still good but I'm yet to find a dumpling that will match the NY dumpling house!
We have yet to find a Chinese food place that makes up for our local closing, so decided to try Stack, although knowing it's not the greasy, fulfilling Chinese we long for. We ordered take-out and wanted to ensure it was enough food for two people, so we ordered 4 of the dim-sum and one of the glutinous rice bowls. We had the #1 Prawn Dim sum, #10 Ribs and Black Beans from the steamed menu and then the #23 Fried Squid Cake and the #24 Vietnamese Spring Rolls from the fried menu. All were delicious, especially the prawn and the Vietnamese Spring Rolls. 

The ribs were also good, but quite fatty and lots of small bones, so I was slightly turned off by eating those. The rice congee, #52 was good and hearty, but seemed to lack any salt or real flavour. I would say it would be excellent for a someone with a cold, but not an amazingly flavourful option. They did serve it with deep fried bread dough, which was so tasty. 

Overall, a delicious meal, but it wasn't nearly enough food for two people. It just wasn't super filling, but we imagine it is a great dine-in option if you have some friends to share it with and some time to linger. It is a bit pricier then most takeaway's, but it's a bit different then just getting sweet and sour chicken, and definitely worth the tasting. 

Also, they don't accept card under 25 pounds, so make sure to bring cash. 
Oddly enough, they serve a wine called Forge Mill, which I discovered at The Dogs, and have been hunting to find locally ever since. A great wine and I am excited they sell it. Definitely a place I will only dine-in from now on to get the experience, which I think makes them a great eatery.
We love Dim Sum! And this place did not disappoint!  We got the red bean trio, the duck spring rolls, and the salmon & shrimp & asparagus dumplings! SO DELICIOUS!  We could have eaten 4 plates of those duck spring rolls!  The menu suggested getting three small plates and one large to share between two. OR 6 small plates. WE opted for the first idea. It was all delicious! We can't wait to go back again!
For me, this place has been a long time coming. I have known for about a year that this restaurant was going to be opening in the Quarter Mile. 

It is a shame that it is so hidden and away from the main footfall on Middle Meadow walk, but if they improve their website and build a presence on social media then this should help them promote the restaurant.

The staff are SUPER lovely. Very kind and took the time to have a chat with us. Also, they kindly gave us two free drinks after the meal. As they had only been open 7 days when we visited, the seemed slightly nervous but they went out of their way to make a good impression, and they certainly did that!

As for the food, most of the dishes are labelled as spicy, and they are that. But perfectly so for me. I had the squid dish and it was delicious, i definitely have it again.

If you want good quality food in a nice environment with friendly and helpful staff, then go here! :)
Love Malaysian food. Love it. So when the Mrs took me for a stroll through the Quarter Mile development, my eyes lit up to see a new Malaysian restaurant coming our way. Before I knew it Nanyang had arrived and, like a mongoose, I was ready to pounce as soon as it opened.

After a starter of Soft Shell Crab, I plumped for my Malaysian staple (and the bar by which I will henceforth measure all asian fusion restaurants) of Beef Rendang. The crab was tremendous and the Rendang was different, not as dry as traditionally expected and also slightly hotter, but as tasty as ever I'm used to.

The hostess was warm and welcoming and happy to chat about the business and how they couldn't wait to get started any longer and their plans for finishing off the decorating in the following few weeks. The waiter was apologetic and charming and offered us a complimentary round of drinks to celebrate their opening. All good.

The menu was expansive, not exclusively Malaysian as it turns out, and definitely for those with an eye for the spicy. The dcor and surrounding areas are very pretty and it's also good for those who enjoy a good people watch. In honesty there really isn't anything bad to say about the place...

Except this:

If Nanyang are not careful, they are in danger of pricing themselves out the market. Kampong Ali is no more than a 5 minute walk away, and Kampung Ah Lee is 10 minutes in the other direction. Both are a good 2-3 cheaper per dish and the quality is just as good, if not better than Nanyang. 

With a small Malaysian restaurant contingent within Edinburgh, and if they improve their website and advertising (aside from the students and the rich who frequent or live in the Quarter Mile respectively, who else really knows there's anything down there?) they might last a while, but as soon as others cotton on that there are just as tasty Malaysian cuisine options at cheaper prices within walking distance, Nanyang could feel the pinch.

Very good, but be warned.
Most of the time I tend to avoid 'curries' here I was pleasantly surprised. Authentic Malaysian curry with chicken is a tasty dish with enough spice to avoid me having to ask for anything added. We started with spicy soft-shell crab - my oh my.. I have another favourite to add to my list of food. Well battered (light and crispy) spicy but not too. And we got a nice chili sauce to dip it in. 
The service is warm & welcoming and very very outstanding! (my glass was kept topped up) TOP CLASS 
So why is there a star missing?

The prices. The food was good, but not THAT price-tag deserving good. Granted we were there on a Voucher Deal but for what we had I thought the deal was just about right. I wouldn't have been to pleased to have to pay full for what we got.

Also this restaurant is away form the main areas, the building is a 'Retail Unit' in the Quarter-Mile development area overlooking a concrete courtyard. Spacious, but unable to entice an warm Malaysian atmosphere. A bit lack lustre, but the staff was very good in making the place warm and pleasant.
I'm giving Nanyang a 3 star review but I'll explain why.

I'm gluten free so eating out, although normally fab in Edinburgh, can be problematic depending on where I go. This time I had an itison voucher. I had wanted to try Nanyang but was worried that being GF might be a problem, so I thought 12 for two mains means it wouldn't have been a waste if options were limited.

The itison deal gives theree options - thai green curry, massaman curry and a Malayisan curry. Due to suspect and non GF ingredients, I was advised the Malayisan curry was my only option which was ok with me. The mains came with coconut rice and they were plentiful portions. The food was lovely - well spiced, with huge chunks of chicken in my curry, and vegetables. My friends beef massaman curry was enjoyed but she would have preferred the typical big chunks of beef, rather than slices of piece. 

We did both enjoy our meals and staff were friendly and attentive and took care to check I was getting the right food. I would go back to Nanyang, but much of the menu was off limits to me, hence the 3 star review. My friend who had also lived in Thailand, was surprised by the amount of wheat containing dishes so I'd like to check out other, Thai/Malaysian restaurants in the Burgh to see if this is the norm.
Good service and very well made food. The decor and reasonable view are almost enough to make you forget you're in potentially soulless wee glass box.

Practically 30 for a shared starter, two mains and a pot of green tea for one so in the ballpark of central town prices but the Nasi Lemak was worth it. The place clearly does a good takeaway trade too.
Excellent food and very nice service. Prices seem good. Tried several of the Malaysian dishes and they come pretty close to the real deal, and i liked the "street food" menu. The thai dishes are also pretty good except the tom yam soup which i found way too sweet.
I eat there pretty often when i am in the area.
This is the 4 Stars update to Nanyang. Just recently we took a delivery of the most authentic food you could imagine. I was really pleased that their cooking for delivery doesn't affect any of their quality of ingredients and spicing. 
Their Chicken Rendang was superb and the side dishes plentiful and on the topside of yummy and fresh tasting. 
Their take away prices are not much cheaper than eating in but you do have the convenience of eating wonderful dishes in front of the telly watching 'Come dine with me'  - feeling kinda smug that you have so much better food available than the contestants. 

Good place and consistently high quality.
Anyone who knows me knows I'm a big fan of new Dim Sum places in Waterloo Region.  That's what got me so excited about Hot Wheels.

For the uninitiated: what is Dim Sum?  Dim Sum is a traditional Chinese brunch that consists entirely of appetizer-like dishes. Portions tend to be bite-sized and made easy for eating with chopsticks.

Yes, it's a strange name, but Hot Wheels is a new Chinese restaurant on Victoria near Lancaster (at the site of the former Cleopatra Bar and Grill).  The place just recently opened, but I've got to say I've been impressed with what I have seen so far.  I went for lunch today and although the decor isn't much to look at, the food fails to disappoint.

A quick perusal of the menu (and even the sign out front of the restaurant) shows a great number of spelling and grammatical errors - and surely English is not the first language of the people who own and run this place, but surely I couldn't fault them for that, I am sure they know more English than I do Chinese!  Ordering for Dim Sum is quick and easy, you place your order on the sheet.

On to the food, which was a delight... Pot stickers to start were cooked perfectly with just a crispy golden brown on the bottom (hence the name, of course).  Shrimp Rice Noodle Roll (Cheung Fun) had great texture and taste, as well as plenty of shrimp.  The perennial Dim Sum favourites of Har Gow (Crystal Shrimp Dumpling) and Siu Mai (Pork and Shrimp Dumpling) were well executed in the standard Cantonese style.  I also ordered the Spare Ribs with Black Bean sauce, which led to my only complaint on the food: it seems that in their quest to give you more pork meat, the pieces of the spare ribs that had lots of little bones, which made it somewhat difficult to eat.

These five dishes with a pot of Chinese tea and taxes came to under $20!

For those looking for a more western-style Chinese food experience, there is also the standard dishes combination dishes available and a daily lunch special as well.  I look forward to having more meals at Hot Wheels, and will have ot come back for the Dim Sum...
This place is along the lines of crystal palace before new owners too over.  The dim sum is mediocre at best.  It's far behind Cameron in terms of taste.  

Everything was ok.  Couldn't find actual problems with the food (like undercooking or wrong spices ).  I don't see a reason to come here from Waterloo when Cameron is the same distance.
I agree with shane k. This place is nothing special. And their dim sum is alright. My boyfriend ordered the lemon chicken lunch special and I ordered some dim sum. His order came out pretty quick, however, I had to wait about 15 minutes for some of my dim sum to arrive. He was practically done eating by that point.
1900 Asian Cuisine is the newest Chinese restaurant to open up at the former Kung Fu Chef site, offering traditional Chinese breakfast, "dim sum" and Szechuan, Shanghainese, and Taiwanese cuisine.  It is in the same plaza as Bazic, Old SF Market, and Shuseki.  They have only been opened since Tuesday (June 4, 2013), so spanking new they still don't have traditional menus printed up yet (currently utilizing single sided print outs stapled together).  But the staff all sport matching black or white shirts with the restaurant name printed on it.

At the time I dropped by at around 8:30pm on a Sunday, the restaurant was still not too busy.  After reviewing the menu, asked for recommendations and finally decided on Cumin Lamb, I kept myself busy with a game on my phone, while doing some eavesdropping.  Plus the insightful observation (duplicate check printout) that I made and verbal confirmation from the waitress, I learned that this new business is actually another restaurant venture by the owner of Three Village Restaurant, which has their original location just one floor up.  They also hired a chef direct from China, so they could offer up quality authentic Chinese food.

The food came out fairly quickly and it looked good.  Tasted great too. The only less than position impression was the haphazard way the steamed rice was served in a small bowl with rice all over the upper edges of the small bowl (they charge $0.50 for each bowl of rice).  I guess they just don't want to potentially waste rice on someone that only ordered one entree.

Of course one entree was not enough, and I ended up getting their Walnut Shrimp.  The portions is good, the shrimp was deep fried in a not too thick batter, just long enough that it was cooked without turning the crustacean into a rubbery exercise equipment for your jaw.

Overall the dinner menu is decent, but compared to what they offered during lunch (up to 5pm) it looks plain.  The patrons at nearby tables that arrived after me all asked about dim sum items, but all were told it was not available during dinner.  That's too bad, I would have ordered way more items if the kitchen could accommodate such request.  I hope they will take a cue from customers and at least offer some of dim sum items during dinner.

For breakfast (7-11am) they offer a small selection of traditional Chinese breakfast items (porridge, soy milk, etc.).  If I stay out really late or feeling extra motivated in the morning, I might check that out.

During their grand opening phase, they offer 15% discount to customers with local ID (or if you just look loco).  So if you are unsure, check them out with this little monetary carrot stick.

If you are not sure of what to get, then order their Cumin Lamb!

Taste:  3.5/5  Only tried a few dinner items thus far, some are really good some just OK.  I think the gems will be from the lunch menu.

Price/Value: 3.5/5  Not going to find cheap food at low low prices here. You pay for quality here.

Service:  3.5/5  Needs improvement in some areas, but they were nice and professional.

They are open late!!!  Mon-Thurs 2:30am  and Fri-Sat 3:30am 

3.5 stars

* Men's room could be cleaned up better, the trash was on the floor.

** This will be a good site for UYEs, so we can have a larger group to try out more of their menu in one go.

*** Does not accept American Express, Iraqi Dinars, but may consider renminbi (RMB).
1900 Asian Cuisine may also be referred to as "The Restaurant Formerly Known As Three Village".  They're located downstairs directly below the former.  The new location is a bit nicer with deep red/black colors and booths along the side.  I asked to sit in the booth, but I was declined despite the fact that we were 1 of 2 parties in the restaurant.  If you were familiar with 3V, you'll recognize some of the wait staff as you enter.  Right now they're offering a 15% locals discount, so if you're new make sure to ask.  If they remember you they'll go ahead and automatically apply the discount.  

They hired a new chef, and maybe I'm crazy but the XLB don't taste quite as good as they used to.  3V used to pump out crave worthy morsels of juicy pork, but the XLB I tasted yesterday was nothing to get all hot and bothered about.  Their hours are extended from 7am - 2:30am, and 3:30 am on Fri/Sat.   They now have a separate dinner menu that starts at 5pm, which means many items are no longer offered in the evening.
Although my rating might not be glowing, I do plan to come back in a few months...potential is there. 

We wanted dim sum and sadly we were misinformed. It said dim sum in yelp and it said dim sum on the door. It was too early for our usual places so we decided to give this place a try.  We walked in and the place was empty, there weren't any other patrons (not a big deal), but there were also no carts, no sweet ladies pushing anything....there was no dim sum. I figured- this place was new and maybe they were holding off on the carts and just cooking it all made-to-order.

The Good : I liked the shrimp shumai. They looked like roses and tasted pretty good. My husband liked their fried bread. He said if he had some honey it would have been perfect. Also, they have a 15% discount for their introductory period.
Ok, that's it for the good.

The Not-So-Good : The service was just okay and the some of the food took a little too long to come out (we were the only people there).
The ham and egg pancake was just an odd mix of flavors. The pork dumplings and the shrimp dumplings were extremely watery... and just oily for some reason. I couldn't eat mine and there were 9 per order (again... why call this dim sum?!). They didn't have our usual dim sum favorites (steam pork buns, hai gow, etc) and the prices were not dim sum-y. SO obviously what I am trying to say here is --- this is not dim sum. A couple actually sat in, looked at the menu and left.... which we should have done considering our craving.

It might take some convincing but I think we will wait a few months for some of the kinks to work themselves out and revisit.
A couple of friends and I came in a few weeks ago and we were generally happy with our meal. So much so, we came back the next day with a larger group. I cannot say that I know much about traditional anything. Being raised Chinese/Vietnamese had me thoroughly confused on why my mom and dad's cooking is so different than any restaurants we ate at. To this day, I am unsure of what is authentic and what isn't. I cannot vouch for 1900, but I can definitely say that it is some good food.

The first night we came; we ordered the pork belly with preserved vegetables, spicy eggplant, garlic wings, a whole steamed fish, and the house special noodles. The pork and wings were so good that we ordered it again the next day. The eggplant was my favorite dish and I could have polished that off on my own, would have ordered it again, but we were instructed to order the other eggplant dish. The fish was good, too. To my dismay, we ordered the noodles again the next day as well. I just didn't touch them. They were bland and could have used more vegetables.

In the end, we all left stuffed and it was dirt cheap. I hope they last longer than the previous tenants.
Stop #1 of our Chinatown Crawl.....

We stopped in for a late night bite and decided to check it out. we were a pretty big party, and there was barely anyone inside. It was pretty weak on their part that they didn't allow us to put tables together. It was either "that table" or "that booth in the corner"...sad, but whatevs....

The menu looked like someone's typewritten homework that was kinda crumpled up, and there were tons of items to choose from with no pictures, but I'm no expert on Szechuan/Shanghainese/Taiwanese Cuisine, Otherwise I'd have to order items and use the force like Luke Skywalker which would have ended up in a complete disaster and thank goodness we were fortunate to dine with Tony T, Christina W. and Team Snow Shavery to help us navigate our choices. WHEW!

From what I remember, all the food we had was good. We had the stir fried House Special Noodles, Pork Belly with Preserved Vegetables, Stir Fried Eggplant, Garlic Chicken Wings, Cucumber Salad, and Batter Fried Fish. Standouts for me were the wings and Eggplant. Overall, a great first visit, and looking forward to trying other stuff...ALOHA!!!
I've never been a fan of Chinese/Shanghai/Taiwanese food until I started eating at Three Village. Unfortunately, the restaurant most famous for their soup dumplings has relocated downstairs into a larger area inside the same plaza. Now called 1900 Asian Cuisine, the owner (Jimmy) still run things while maintaining most of the same beloved items on the menu.

The hours of operations has extended. Starting dim sum from 7am to 5pm with the dinner menu following afterward, the menu is pretty extensive offering a wide array of different dishes to best satisfy your Chinese cravings. I've gone to Three Village a handful of times before visiting this new place and have enjoyed EVERYTHING that was set on my table. Having my boyfriend become really good friends with the owner after becoming regulars of the place, Jimmy was kind enough to offer his recommendations during every visit.

To be honest, I only glimpse through the entire menu once before realizing that I should just go with whatever Jimmy recommends. And what he recommends, we always end up ordering with no feelings of regret, EVER. Yeah, the menu is a bit boring since it's just typed in Times New Roman onto standard white pieces of papers stapled together but whatever. The food absolutely makes up for the "visually unappealing" look of the menu.

I'm ashamed to not know the official names of the dishes that always brings us back. But honestly, order something you intentionally went in to order. I'm 100% sure your cravings will be fulfilled if you let Jimmy know exactly what you want. Don't bother with the waitresses. If you ask them if the owner is able to come around to recommend some dishes based on what you're craving for, most likely he'll be able to accommodate you right on the money.

Yes, this restaurant is a working process but like all new restaurants, it's the trial and error period. Give this place a chance, or time, to gradually grow into something I know will be a success. Things can only look better for this place and I'm sure it'll do great, with my review or not.
Me n my friend wanted to go to 3 villages. Then found out they relocated downstairs . Now its named 1900 asian cuisine, i wonder what 1900 means....The food is good but they don't have my favor steam buns!! 3 villages Menu and food still a little better , even they have the same chef!!!
Another mediocre one.

Walked in here on a NOT busy Friday morning, expecting Dim Sum. Took us 15 minutes to get seated and they just totally ignored us when we first walked in. I already knew, downhill from here.

We sat down, and they give us paper menus... Wtffff????! Paper menus?! ONLY DIM SUM good there is Xiao Long Bao.

We ordered noodles and two Xiao long bao. The noodles were delicious, and Xiao long bao... Oh dear lorrddddd juice heaven. But the food took way too long. Only two guys were working, I understand but they could have handled things more professionally. 

Maybe in time this place will get better. Service horrible, food is good.
I've only been here once for breakfast, and I have to say I'm a fan!
I'm a big fan of Chinese breakfast.  After visiting Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli 
 a few times, I was about to give up on the idea of good Chinese breakfast in Vegas.  Thanks to 1900 Asian Cuisine's extensive breakfast menu, I've found my new favorites.  The food was tasty but still couldn't compare to the stuff in LA.  Overall I'm just happy to see the new progress on Vegas Chinese Breakfast!

Beef Roll--Good stuff!!!  It's probably the best I've had in Vegas.  The wrap really stood out with the perfect amount of crisp.

Wonton Soup--Very good wontons with quality meat, however, the broth is somewhat blend and definitely needs some work.

Chinese Donut--large size just like every other restaurant.  It's a little too doughy.  I'd like it to be crispier.

Juicy Pork Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)--Hands down the best I've had in Vegas.
Since starting my health food craze on the weekdays....I find great joy in fatty, greasy food on the weekends.  This place has the same delicious shanghai style fried noodles and beef wrap as the former Three Village.  The beef wrap is still my favorite in the city with a nice crispy exterior.  We also ordered the pepper beef on a sizzling plate....salty, sweet, peppery...the perfect myriad of flavors.  While non-Asians may not understand...I like my beef silky smooth and tender when it comes to Chinese beef dishes and the beef here almost melts in your mouth from the tenderness.  Some of the problems people previously mentioned have been changed...there is now a laminated, picture menu for those not versed in broken English descriptions of dishes. While the paper copy still exists, at least they give you one nice menu and one ghetto one.  Please note prices are lower on the ghetto menu....not sure if they are trying to re-price their menu items, but we did indeed receive the lower prices ($1-2 lower for some dishes).  Pretty cheap eat now that they've dropped their prices to match the portion size.  One negative is the dishes are too oily even for my liking.  Nice modern interior with some booth seating for larger parties, but they did offer us a booth even though we were just a table for two.  This restaurant will definitely be on my rotation of frequent eats.
I had seen this place while driving by and finally, on a whim, decided to stop in for lunch and give the food a taste. I ordered a little bit of everything. The pork belly with preserved vegetables, pot stickers, juicy pork dumplings, garlic chicken, cold duck, beef roll, garlic spinach, shanghai rice cake, and beef noodle soup. EVERYTHING tasted fantastic and was very reminiscent of the food I got back home in good ol' Arcadia/Alhambra/Temple City/Monterey Park area. The service was a little bit slow, but the staff was very friendly and apologetic about it. They gave me 15% because it was during their grand opening period. I have heard good things about their breakfast and plan to go back soon.
My new favorite Asian restaurant (next to Shaanxi)!

Delicious food, great service, and reasonable prices make this a go-to place. In fact I can't want to go back.

The pork dumplings were spectacular; the beef roll was as good as China Mama; even something as basic as fried noodles seemed better than the usual. 
And then there's the walnut shrimp....man, I'm craving that dish as I write this. Go there now and order it...I mean right now...don't waste a minute...whatever you're doing at the moment isn't as important as eating this dish, believe me! 

(Note: I was there with a fellow wine-collector, and the restaurant was fine with us opening our two bottles of wine to accompany the great food...and that's one more reason to keep going back. I love wine-friendly establishments!)
The hours posted on yelp are wrong. They open at 9 a.m., and closes at 1 a.m for weekdays and 2 a.m for weekends.


Otherwise, the most authentic shanghainese dim sum in the valley
I seem to associate the word 1900 with grandeur and epicness (it is in the urban dictionary), but maybe I just set myself up with high expectations.  Although the food is good, we would probably keep shopping for other Chinese spots.  The place is a little edgy with its high black ceilings and pinks walls, but the service is warm and inviting.  They have fresh fruit juices, which I love, and the tables and booths have wide spaces between them.  No crowding in this joint.

Hubby controlled the menu selection and (quite unfortunately) we ended up with all pork dishes.  It was my first time to try Xiao Long Bao.  The broth inside the dumplings was quite tasty but I didn't care for the filling much.  The Braised Pork Belly was good, but I felt the vegetables underneath were leftover scraps, hehe.  It would've been nice to have some texture or flavor to contrast the fatty richness of the soy pork belly.  And finally we had the Garlic Spare Ribs.  We felt they lacked garlic and spices but the upside is that there was definitely a lot more meat than flour on those bones.  I kinda missed having a little crunch though.   

We were the only non-Chinese peeps that night, I always take that as a good sign.  When I went on a tour in China, I noticed the cuisine up north was more subdued in flavor and spices.  This cuisine would definitely fall in that category - perfect for people new to Chinese food or allergic to salt.  I'd be more of a Southern gal (in China).  More soy and pepper please.
Bought a Groupon today, which seemed like I would come in handy when our show on the strip ended at 11:30. 2 apps, 2 soups, 2 entrees, 2 fried rice and 2 dessert for $25?? Yesssss!!! Actually, notsomuch. 

Apparently the "Groupon menu isn't ready yet".... So instead, she pulled up their Facebook page on her phone and had us order from that special menu instead. Um. Hi. Quick tip- if you put out coupons on special menus, you might want to a) actually have those menus and b) acknowledge somewhere on the offer that you're ordering from a special menu. 

The selections for the menu sucked. 1st course was this weird shredded potato thing... Best described as raw but slightly warm hash browns mixed with Thai red chili sauce. Bizarre. Then, while we're eating that, she brings out our soup. I forget what they call it but it was basically bland egg flower, apparently with some affiliation with beef. 

After a few bites of my soup, she brings out my black pepper chicken (meh). No rice. 10 minutes later she brings out my partner's pineapple chicken (meh) AND her rice. Waited another 10 minutes for mine. When I got it, it was greasy, mushy and bland. We asked for to go boxes before we even had desert. 

Our one option for dessert was "green tea mochi". I love mochi, but the gf isn't a fan. She doesn't mind taking off the outside and eating the middle though. Except these were not so good. They were small (the size of a quarter machine gumball) and filled with red bean. The filling was more like whipped cream and ricotta than ice cream or sherbet and, of course, had whole red beans. 

TL;DR: Boring, bland, awkward and SO not worth the $25 Groupon.  We're gonna keep looking for a decent Chinese place.
The food was just ok, but the service was really friendly and attentive, which almost made me bump them up to four stars, almost. 

I arrived with Groupon in hand they gave us a small menu instead of the main menu that we were to order from. We started with the Xiao Long Bao. They weren't the best I've ever had, but I had been craving them and was happy to have another place in town that offers them. We also tried some hot & sour soup and strawberry juice to start. Both were refreshing. For our entrees, we ordered the sauted black pepper eggplant, honey walnut shrimp and pineapple chicken. I didn't like the pineapple chicken in the least, but my mom enjoyed it. The shrimp was just ok as well. Too mayonnaisey for my taste. The eggplant was ok as well. Sizzling and smelled great. I would probably order a protein next time instead, but it had a nice flavor. The mixed seafood noodles we got were just ok as well. The flavor was ok, but the noodle texture were a little off. They were all stuck together and a little overcooked. 

Overall, the food was pretty solid and I enjoyed some dishes more than others. I'm open to trying this place again and I see potential since they have a very extensive menu. For now, I'll leave it at three stars.
I got sick eating here, but this may have been an outlier visit and this restaurant is so unlike other dim sum restaurants (no wait, clean, good service), that I may consider coming again. 
_____________________
Food Quality: 4
I've been here once. We had the xiao long bao, the green onion pancake, wontons in some hot oil (can't remember what it was specifically), and some red bean cakes. They were all pretty good. The green onion pancake stood out as being the best I'd had. We paid $23 for all four items, which is about what I'd expect for a nice restaurant.
+1 good food. 
What I'd get here: the green onion pancake, and the xiao long bao.
_____________________
Service Quality: 6
The service was attentive, friendly, and fast. They staggered our meal (I believe intentionality) so it came off as a four-course meal. When we finished with one dish the next was immediately on the table. This restaurant is completely unlike any other dim sum place I know of in San Diego or Los Angeles. When describing those other places, it usually goes: "their X is so great that it makes me over look Y", where Y is something like "their 2 hour wait," or, "they're assholes." This is genuinely a nice restaurant to dine in. We walked right in on a Saturday at 1PM and there was no wait for a table.
+1 friendly. +1 attentive. +1 food was delivered promptly.
Time it took from ordering to get the food to the table: roughly 10 minutes.
_____________________
Ambiance and Location: 3
This restaurant is located that very cliche blue roofed strip mall on Spring Mountain, which is in general uninviting. However, the interior is completely the opposite. It's nice and decorated like a contemporary Asian joint. 
+0 inside point gain negated by bad location.
It would be a good idea to take a _____ here: a date that liked dim sum.
_____________________
Cleanliness: 1
The restroom was clean, and the tables were clean. From my rant earlier about the service quality of my favorite dim sum restaurants, I normally have to make concessions about the cleanliness of the restaurant I'm in. It appears clean. However, my girlfriend and I got sick immediately after eating here. After doing some research on the official Southern Nevada Health District web site, this restaurant had been closed briefly last month (8/27/13) for health code violations. Despite this, I might try eating here again (based on the comments earlier in the review).
-2 got sick.
Worst health code rating: was closed down on 8/27/13.

Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(3.5) = 3
Beautiful decoration, and I loved the food. 10/10 will recommend!
This place really took me by surprise.  I wasn't sure what to expect as they had quite an array of Chinese dishes but when I found out the owner is Taiwanese, I decided to stick with the Taiwanese offering.

The FIVE STAR rating is for their Xiao Long Bao alone...the best in Las Vegas, or should I say, the only good Xiao Long Bao is Las Vegas.  I know, I know, Xiao Long Bao is NOT Taiwanese but rather Shanghainese, but the Taiwanese have really done a good job with these thanks to Din Tai Fung, a famous Xiao Long Bao restaurant out of Taiwan.  All the other restaurants save for one seem to buy their soup dumpling from the frozen section of the Asian supermarkets.  But here at 1900, you can tell they specialize in these little dumplings of soupy deliciousness.  Compared to the only other place I believe hand make these, the dumplings are very juicy and packed full of flavor.  I didn't even have to drown these with the ginger vinegar to get some taste out of them.

We also ordered the green onion pancake rolled with beef and the soup buns.  The first was pan fried just right, not burnt but just crispy enough to be crunchy on the outside yet bready, and most importantly, was not oily.  The soup bun was also nice and juicy as opposed to those who advertise it as soup buns and then disappoint you with hardly any soup at all.  In fact, on the second bun I ate, the juice squirted out much to the chagrin of my three eating companions.  Suffice it to say, they weren't too happy but we all had a good laugh when no real damage was done.

To fill up, we ordered the beef soup noodles and that was satisfying and did its job of filling us up.  The noodles were particularly well cooked, slippery yet firm enough without feeling like you're eating spaghetti al dente.

Overall a very pleasant dinner and I'm already planning on bringing my mom and family this coming weekend just to eat the Xiao Long Baos.  Maybe I'll venture to try the pork belly with preserved vegetables and the ham hock.

Can't wait...
I had take out quite a few times, but usually just small stuff. Very good food, regardless, but *nothing* like tonight! I dined in and tried a bunch of recommended dishes! The dim sum was the best part! The Xiao Long Bao was out of this world!

Everything is made so fresh and so perfect! I enjoyed every bit of it!
Food is good, should try their Lamb Hot Pot. However, their service is very very very slow, and foods are served in the wrong orders (entree before app) on several occasions. The table next to ours ordered after us, but got all food, we haven't gotten our app. Sitting in the restaurant, waiting still ......,,,,,, I'm giving it a 4 bc their food is good. You're welcome.
I would try every single thing on their menu! Food made me feel like I was in Asia (for example the steamed fish, so juicy and rich) and the waiters were just some really cool nice young guys who showed they really cared (for example while it was pretty busy they still let me sit at the huge table I wanted to sit at and were always watching for when my tea went low). I heard of this place because my mom was so shocked and feel in love with this place when she saw they made the extremely hard to find, in the U.S., dessert dish ! (It is so fresh that you have to eat it within the hour of having it made.)
Not loving this place, but the food was ok. I saw the value with the Groupon we had, but I don't think I'd return without a coupon or something to save us money on a return visit.
I usually never ever write reviews, but I had to share my horrible experience. 

To start, the service was horrible. There was only one girl servicing 20+ people during dinner hours. I got there with 3 people and seated myself. I sat at the table 10 mins. The table did not have any silverware and I had to go grab it myself. When she came over, we asked if she was by herself and she said yea. 

For dinner, I ordered the black pepper beef, black pepper egg plant, and the dumplings. 
The dumplings was pretty good. I give it a 4/5. The egg plant was very oily. Not bad taste wise, but it was very oily. I give it a 2/5. Lastly, the beef was HORRIBLE. When I bit into the beef, the texture was something I've never experienced before. I don't even know how explain it because it was so weird. There was so much fat on the beef as well. Oh yah, when we asked for rice, they said they charged for rice by the bowl. I was shocked. You call yourself a Chinese restaurant and charge for rice? Speechless. 

Lastly, once the food was brought out, we never saw our waitress again. I had to get the soy sauce, chili, and vinegar from the table that had just finished dining. I also never got my water and hot tea refill. At this point I know that we will never get the bill so  we had to go to up to the cash register to get our own bill. Just an overall miserable experience from the service to the food. I don't know how long this place will last.
We been there 2 time the food, the first time we had is ok. Except they put out our small steam bun to the table was cool and hard. The second time. We find out the place is not worth to try out for dinner.  We had the braised Tofu, it was the worse thing I ever had. The tofu is deep fire egg cube. The deep fire Tofu skin (which is deep fire egg cube) is very hard nothing taste like Tofu at all. We told to the waiter and request to cancel it and may be change for something else since we had the first bite. She went talk to her boss. She come back to told us the Tofu is their home-made Tofu. They make it by egg and soy milk. The boss won't cancel our order. I meant it was not our fault to cook the food hard to eat it. 

I am warming you guys don't try this restaurant out for your life.
Funky loft style decor and large space welcomed us into the restaurant, but there are some serious pink walls.  We purchased the groupon ($25 for multicourse meal for 2) and were shown a menu to choose from plus we could pick desserts and appetizers from some of the main menu.  However, the restaurant was out of many items, some of which I would have liked to try.  We started with a pot of jasmine tea and navigated the extensive groupon menu to order a feast.  The servers were very nice throughout but service was slow considering a slow Saturday night crowd (it was relatively early too).

We started off with the cucumber and enoki salad and Eric R. got his xiao long bao that he seemed to enjoy a lot.  The salad was much more flavorful than I expected.  Next, the beef with broccoli (Eric's entree choice) came out -the beef quality was fine despite some reviews, and it tasted good.  The broccoli was steamed and circled the beef, so there was no sauce on it and it was not as hot - this did not bother me but Eric wished the broccoli was as hot as the beef.  My dish was the house made tofu with mixed mushrooms.  The server explained the tofu is made with soymilk and egg - it had a very nice airy texture and was served on top of a variety of mushrooms in a tasty sauce (mushrooms included black and trumpet).  Our soups came next and they were enough for like 3 small bowls!  I had hot and sour soup which was labeled seafood but there was none it; nevertheless I did not need seafood in it.  It was tasty but maybe could have used more vinegar.  Eric R. got the "Western Beef Lake Soup" which ended up being like egg drop with beef and tofu, and he liked it a lot - he saved some to take home too.

Next we got a our choice between cold noodle and seafood fried rice.  If anyone knows Eric, he hates cold noodles and doesn't get it (but I do, don't worry!) so we got the seafood fried rice.  It had shrimp and scallops in it and was very tasty.  We took most of that to go since it came out towards the end of the meal.  For dessert we got 2 orders of red bean xiao long bao to go because we were too full to eat them and I was too full to even go to Snowflake Shavery across the street!  The meal was covered by the groupon including the tea so we just left our tip and took our 5 to go containers with us!

We have been enjoying the leftovers as they are tasty.  I would probably return to try items on the regular menu, but I hope they are available when we go!
The Skinny: come for lunch - solid xiao long bao and green onion pancake but skip dinner as the dinner entrees pale in comparison(3) service is dependent on how many tables require service - more than 3, the lone server is really overwhelmed (2) price a bit pricey for what it is but the lunch offerings are better than the dinner. (3)

Okay - so we were lured in with the promise of xiao long bao and green onion pancakes so we came in for lunch. 

We ordered the beef noodle soup, the xiao long bao, the enoki cucumber salad, the green onion pancake and a clay oven red bean cake.

Of note is the xiao long bao. Although the xiao long bao is certainly juicy and the skin is adequately thin, there isn't quite enough pork filling. As well,  the filling itself is slightly under seasoned. Overall, not the best XLB I have ever had but it might be one of the better renditions in the city.

The green onion pancake was okay - not quite flaky enough and slightly on the heavier side but crisp. The enoki/cucumber salad was also fair - perhaps a bit too sweet however it did cut through the heaviness of the other two dishes.

Red bean cake had a light flaky pastry very similar to wife cake or sweetheart cakes. I enjoyed it although it would have nicer with a bit more red bean filling and hint more sweetness.

The biggest disappointment during lunch was the beef noodle soup. I found the soup to be too bland, lacking the beef flavor and preserved vegetables. It was rather skimpy on the beef as well. The noodles themselves were alright but nothing special. 

Curious, we ventured to try their dinner menu as many items are missing at lunch. We ordered the braised tofu clay pot with mixed mushrooms, the black bean eggplant, the braised pork Belly with preserved vegetables. 

The best offering was the braised tofu.  Word to the wise - - the tofu used is egg tofu which has a different flavor.  The actual dish was okay nothing special but at least it was appropriately seasoned. 

The eggplant was really disappointing. The eggplant was heavily battered and sauteed in a black bean sauce served over a hot iron skillet. The batter became rapidly soggy in the sauce, rendering an unpleasant experience.

Braised pork belly wasn't what it was expecting. It was covered with a heavy, goopy chilli? paste of which I wasn't really fond of. The texture of the pork belly was rough - not the typical melt in your mouth experience expected with a dish like this.

We waited a significant time between the pork belly and the dessert,. We ordered a red bean, mini rice ball filled with sesame dessert and it took at least 20 minutes before we got our dessert.At that time, at least 5 more tables showed up and our one waitress was definitely overwhelmed by the number of customers.

The red bean dessert was not what I expected. There was very little red bean in the there. It was mostly slightly floral/melon-ish flavoured soup with mini rice ball filled with sesame paste. It was okay but nothing that I would order again.

Overall, 1900 Asian cuisine is okay in my book. Go for the xiao long bao - everything else is ranges from okay to not so good. I really don't feel a compelling reason to return. 3-starred review.
What is 1900 doing? I've been here twice and both times have had me on highs and lows.

The absolute worst part of this place, to take away any surprises, is their service. I mean the person who comes to your table once every full moon. I know, I know, it's Chinatown. But still, this is especially bad. Only one person speaks English there, which really doesn't help.

Ok, I got the worst out of the way. Now, the best part of 1900: the prices for the food you get. The food is really not bad at all. Although highly inconsistent in quality and flavor. Both times I've had xiao long bao and a tofu and mushrooms dish. Both times they have been different. the XLB the first time was more flavorful and had a super thick dough. The second time, thin and no flavor at all. The tofu was braised and plentiful the first time, but fried and not so delicious the second time. What gives?

I do recommend their tofu and vegetable dishes, their fried pork buns, and (hard to mess this up) onion pancakes. It's all pretty fool-proof stuff.

After you get done sampling everything, your check will be much smaller than you anticipated. Not only that, you won't have to tip because you had no service. Super savings! Another benefit: they are open very late, so if you can't find a place open at 1am... here is your answer.
As a foodie who has been to numerous different restaurants all over Vegas, I must say that I have never experience a more horrible experience dining at a restaurant than 1900. This restaurant has the worst service ever! We went there on a slow Tuesday night. We ordered 5 different plates and with each plate coming out 15 minutes apart from each other to our table. The waitress never once even refilled our water as we had to go up to the counter to ask them to fill it up twice. When it was time to pay, we asked our server for the check and she never returned. Finally fed up with the service, I took it upon myself to pay at the counter where the lady at the counter just totally ignored me and made me wait while she talked to a co worker.

If 1900 could fix their service, this would be a great restaurant because the food was actually pretty good. You just simply cannot run a restaurant and just have good food and not care about your customers one bit.
AWFUL, and we didn't even stay to eat.. Had a Groupon,walked in no one greeted us or came by to seat us. I walked to the back and asked "Do I set myself" she said ya just sit. Most tables were dirty so we picked one that looked clean. After we sat down we asked the waitress if she could clean the table as it was all sticky,She apologized and said they were busy. NOTE there were three other tables sat at that time. I told the waitress we had a Groupon ,she said" We don't take those anymore" I asked her why not she said let me check. A different person came over to us and said ya Ill take it but you cant order from that menu, She took away the menus we were looking at and replaced them with one much smaller. The menu we were suppose to order from had two choices for appetizers and two choices for soups. Very limited. A few minutes later the waitress came back with the larger menu opened to the app page and said you can order any of these( there were seven options) she then proceeded to say except this this this and this. Out of the seven apps we could order, three were available. There was not a beef or chicken option in the bunch. She then told us that one of us could order the shrimp fried rice. I pointed out that the Groupon said we could both order it,she said no.After looking at my companion we made the decision not to stay. No one was friendly and no one cared if we stayed or left.. With about  90 Asian restaurants in a half mile area I'm pretty sure we could find another place to eat that would appreciate our money.
Formerly known as 3 Villages, this is where you can get Xiao Long Bao, other various Chinese Breakfast items, and a much more extended dinner menu.

Warning for those looking for good service, you will likely be waiting.  You will have to flag down the one waitress for water, tea, rice, etc.  We've gotten so use to it that it's now become amusing and it's easy to forgive the cute little waitress girl.

The best item i've recently discovered is their Lamb Hot Pot - it s about 10-11 dollars and is the best hot pot i've had in town.   Yes it is much better than Booming Mini.  The lamb hot pot is served with enoki mushrooms, tofu, and lots of chinese peppers.  It's got the perfect amount of heat - I recommend to get a little rice on the side to slurp up every drop of soup.  It is that good.  

we've also ordered a steamed seabass which was less than 20 bucks - easily the best value for steamed fish i ve had on spring mtn.

Despite slow service, 1900 delivers.  The last few times we ve visited we were one of a few tables present so i hope 1900 stays around. Take my advice and get the lamb hotpot!
First off, I would've gave this place 4 stars because the food was fantastic. 
Sadly, the service was not!

We sat ourselves and had to wave the waitress down for some waters. 
Also waited 15 mins for our bill & she took so long to even pick up the bill that I, finally just walked up to cashier to pay. 
I get that she's alone and it just opened but c'mon management...


Immediately ordered the soup dumplings (unsure of the Chinese name) because this is the only place my friends know of that has this. Got the steamed and pan fried ones.

When we got the steamed ones, I had to ask my friends how to even eat it if there's hot soup in the dumplings. 
They said to eat/bite the top of the dumplings, let it steam out, and add the sauce. 
That itself was really fun for me. I mean, who doesn't like playing with their food =)

The soup in the dumplings were delicious and savory. Tasted amazing with the dough! Pan fried/seared dumplings were my favorite of the two.

Also, ordered the onion pancake, I believe...I think that was the name.....?
And THAT was sooooooo YUM. Crunchy and tasty, like sour cream and onion chips...if I had to compare it to something....

After this experience and bad service, we'd love to try more soup dumplings so, we yelped it... Found a couple places thru Yelp! 
Otherwise, this place is our last resort because of the lacking service!
There are only a couple of places in Vegas you can get Xiao Long Bao this is one of them. I come strictly for the XLB. The other food is decent. Have had the fried rice, fried noodles, shrimp dishes and lamb. The lamb was terrific but the fried rice and fried noodles are too greasy and not as flavorful. The prices are decent. Like other reviews this place could easily get 4 stars but the service is horrible and its consistently horrible. Have been here a handful of times and its typically only 1 waitress and it doesn't matter if there are 1 or 5 tables full the wait staff is non engaged and often missing in action. You consistently have to flag down staff for water or tea refills and to even get your check. My recommendations to prep yourself for poor service.
I always say when it comes to Asian restaurants especially Chinese and Taiwanese - the crappier the service, the better the food. Tony T's ROTD reminded me to take this off my bookmarked places.

Xiao Long Bao:
You get 9 baos for $7. I can't help but compare XLB I've had in Shanghai and Taipei to everyone else's version. I'm very happy to say that I've found my XLB spot here in Vegas! The bao had the perfect thickness, the soup inside was hot and delicious. Glowing and glistening 5/5

Fried Tofu with Mixed Mushrooms:
Even though the tofu pieces were fried, they were soft. The mushrooms were tasty but they slide off your chopsticks. The brown sauce was good. 4/5

Beef Noodle Soup:
Our server warned me this was spicy. I appreciate it when they do that but I had a cold anyway so, bring on the heat! I could taste cumin. My nose started running - I'm not sure if it was from the spiciness or my cold...or both. The beef chunks were fatty so I had to eat around it since I'm not a fan of animal fat. I had 2 pieces of bok choy and tender noodles in my bowl. 3.5/5

Pork Loin in Red Garlic Sauce:
I didn't even know we ordered this. Shredded pork with red bell pepper strips. This reminded me of a thick and meatier version of Hot & Sour soup. 3.5/5

Steamed Shrimps in House Garlic Sauce:
Head on, butterflied but not all shrimps got de-veined. But the sauce was fantastic! Nice and garlicky. One of the better ways I've had shrimp. 4.5/5

They have street food you'll find in China like frog legs, chicken organ meat on a stick, etc.There were items we wanted to try but they no longer serve them like: enoki mushroom beef roll, pork belly with preserved vegetable(s)They need to update their menu. Even our server said it. They need to remove items they no longer serve and correct the typos. I'll definitely come back for XLB!
Terrible service.  Amateur servers.  People were complaining for the slowness..  This restaurant will not last!
Surprisingly decent xialongbao and VERY good noodles. We were referred to this place by a friend who frequents Vegas. Upon arrival, discovered it was a bit off the main Chinatown strip and inside was really empty. Our concerns were wiped away quickly when we tasted the food. Minus one star for slow and forgetful service. We kept having to remind the waitress for tea, chopsticks, napkins.
Okay so we figured we try a new Asian restaurant place rather than eating at the Chinese restaurants at china town. We found this place by just driving down mountain springs dr and decided to try it out. It was rather empty for lunch time frame with only two tables of customers. The decor is simple with black and red coloring. We were seated after minute or so and were given menus ( or what looked like menus because it was held by tape and literally falling apart) we decided on beef rolls and noodles. It took about 20 minutes for our food to come out which is a bit long because there were not a lot of customers. My food which was the noodles was super salty and super spicy -_-' u guys need to be consistent on taste no? I mean I understand that it has to be spicy but really does it have to be salty too.... The noodles were a bit starchy like it wasn't cooked all the way. The beef rolls were okay except it had a lot of oyster sauce and was missing onions so the taste was off. The place needs some cleaning on the walls of the decorations. There was only one person in the front who serves as the waiter, cashier, and busboy/girl. Which is inefficient cause it will take a while to clean tables and getting to the customers..but overall it's okay
4 1/2 stars. Came in on a Sunday evening for dinner. I scored on a parking spot directly in front of the place and the decor is modern & trendy.

The menu is diverse and we started off with the beef noodle soup (yummy broth lean beef)  and followed with a spicy whole shrimp hot pot and ma po tofu. The hot pot and ma po were spicy delish and the portions were so large we could not finish the two entrees. The service was friendly, attentive and I was advised they bring in live fish from San Diego twice a week.

I've got a new favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas and will be returning on my next trip.
Onion pancakes rolls...  Trust me....
We used to go to Three Village which is upstairs in the same shopping center. 1900 Chinese Cuisine moved downstairs and changed it's name to 1900.  We placed our order even though we were told that most of the dumplings and bao's that we wanted they did not have.  We did notice that a large table of 10 people were being served everything that we had wanted.  We proceeded to wait and wait and wait.  After 20 minutes with absolutely no attention from the waitress my husband asked her about our order and she said it was coming out.  After 10 more minutes we just got up and left.  The service was beyond dreadful.  Of course we will never go back.  This was a terrible experience and there was no reason for being treated this way!!

Nancy PG
The food here is pretty good in taste, but super oily. The fried rice cakes and beef with celery had a puddle of oil at the bottom of the plate. The xlb were just ok. I haven't had ones as good as Joe's Shanghai in NY, even at Din Tai Fung.

Service also left much to be desired. They forgot to bring out a dish when the server brought us the check. We mentioned it to him then and rather than take it off our check he said it was coming out. I have never had a restaurant do this before if the food hasn't come out and you've received the check. They always take it off. He told us that it was coming right out by it didn't for another few minutes. I found that pretty ridiculous. With all the great Chinese available in Vegas, I can't say I would come back here for another meal mostly because of the service.
Great little place.  Go all kind of Shanghai and Szechuan dishes.  Love their beef noodle and the SHANGHAI Steam buns.
Really wanted too give it four start but the service with my experience was the reason. I came here for dinner with my brother family. They were in the lets try something new mode rather then the normal spots. Yay for another review! I always wanted too try the  soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao). By far they didn't disappoint! Hands down the best thing had that night. The thought process of soup in dumpling Brilliant concept and one that can't  think of any other asian restaurant that does it. (or least in my experience so far) You might want too let it cool down for short time but not too long cause once losses the heat cold soup dumplings more like sad dumplings. Lol! Once they come out pop whole dumplings in your mouth. All you want is too pop another another another down. It amazing. The soup tasty in itself, ground pork filing just as tasty, and taste of the dumpling outside really comes all together with one shot. They not as big as you think either so don't be scared cause not something nibble at but go for it.

Other things ordered shared family style was walnut shrimp, spicy tofu dish, chinese broccoli, and chicken wings. I enjoyed the spicy tofu had nice little kick too it, lots of tofu, and like the sauce that was in. Walnut shrimp was ok. I like the fact that nice size shrimp fried too perfection tossed with mayo base sauce on the outside. Nothing really made me say wow. Same goes with the broccoli or chicken wings nothing wow about the dishes. Not sure about other dishes. Three things we were going too try that out of that night. After the second sorry out that can always put damper get all hyped looking at the pics on the menu. The menu talk about good size selection.  Although at the same time I think one of the reasons they run out of stuff is too many things on the menu. It is nice when you have pictures of just about every menu item just in case not sure about the dish. It broad range of food too choose from too.

The service was not very good. She never looked too refill our water glasses the whole time. She never asked what we wanted too drink when she first greeted us or sat us down. The worst part is my nieces order two wonton soups. We got everything else ordered except for the soup. We were done with our meal. We were nice earlier ask about the soup (we had too ask they never recognize soup missing). She apologize but still nothing. Sure got three more tables but earlier we were the only ones in the restaurant. One order not realize missing incomplete order?? Figure they would take it out but they keep force us it coming till we like really expect me pay for it. They took it off but left bad taste and not the lasting impression anyone wants too leave a restaurant.
5 stars for their soupy dumplings and shrimp wonton soup. Do not order the mabo tofu, it had a funny aftertaste. Great experience eating Taiwanese food. Service was good but not friendly. Overall 3.5 stars. Lots of parking in lot. They have big tables to accommodate large groups.
Xiao long bao aka soup dumplings. I've followed these folks from 3 Village restaurant to 1900. They are offering the combo once again, soup dumplings steamed or fried with hot and sour soup or tofu soup for a dollar more. 

Shanghai noodles are a must. They offer the jumbo soup dumplings, not bad but I'll stick with the usual.
Another gr8 Asian restaurant in this shopping center adjacent to Southwest Gas on Spring Mountain Dr.  Frog legs, dumplings, dim sum, noodles beef rolls and other Chinese delights.  Service could be better but the food rocks.
Pass. 
Sadly, I wanted to eat here with a co-worker and convinced him that this place would be a better choice of dinner than Monta Ramen. Boy, was I stupid!

Came at 9:30 and only a table of 5 ppl were there. Waitress gave us tea and a menu. While we looked over the menu, I saw friends outside the restaurant and talked to them for 10-15 minutes. I figured my co-worker had ordered so, I ran back inside to tell him my order and he said: "they never came back!"

So, we sat there for another 10 minutes looking at the other table get food and drinks and chat up the waitress. LIKE, REALLLYYYYYYYY!!???!!!!!!

We walked out. That was ridiculous.
Almost felt like they didn't help us because we weren't "friends" with the waitress or something. If they want to stay open, they better serve everyone the same way or we'll find other places to eat.....and -trust- that there's lots of places to eat on Spring Mountain.
Dont order the porkbelly!unless you like raw shit! Food is terrible !! Service is even worse
A few of my friends and I decided to check this new place out a few months ago, service was ok and the food was good. I'm not the one to leave a bad review but recently we returned and it's as if the place took a complete turn around! Upon entry the service was terrible, you could only imagine how the rest of it went. After 30mins and asking 5 times we finally received our waters (straight from the sink). Most of what we ordered seemed like its been reheated.  Wouldn't recommend coming here late night. Staff doesn't give 100% service
The service is poor, and the food isn't great, I walked in to order something to go, the server was busy so he told me to wait for a bit . I literally waited 20 mins But he still wasn't able to take my order, he told me to continue waiting, I wasted 20mins there to wait for ordering my food, end up I walked out of this place with nothing, the server didn't even apologize,I will never return to this place.
This is the third time I have eaten here and it's 3 strikes you're OUT!

The service has been bad on all 3 occasions but XLB were always good so I suffered through the service. But tonight while the flavor and texture if the soup dumplings was fine, half of them had NO SOUP in them by the time they reached the table (they popped and leaked out before they reached my table).  What's a soup dumpling without soup?

Now back to the service. Took several minutes to be noticed/seated in a half empty restaurant.  While the "plain paper copy" menu was delivered promptly, we waited nearly 20 minutes for them to take our order.

We were also served "luke warm" tea and had to ask for fresh hot tea.  Ordered three items and repeated my order twice, and they still managed to forget one item.

Flavors of the food was good but I cannot return to this place, it's just too much of a struggle to enjoy my meal!
Super yummy Xiao Long Bao! Our hunt is over and tummies satisfied. May even go back tomorrow. My hubby, toddler and I shared 2 orders of XLB (started with 1 order but they were SO delicious we added another order), sauted veggies w/garlic, green onion pancake and beef noodle soup. We enjoyed everything we ate. Our toddler loved the beef noodle soup even though it was a little spicy. My hubby commented that the beef was very tender not rubbery as at some other places. We will be back sooner than later. Thank you yelp & yelpers for helping us find our XLB place in Vegas.
4 1/2 stars. Came in for dinner BC I wanted to try the live black cod fish. The waitress advised me it was a twenty minute wait which I appreciated.

When my fish arrived I was taken back how large and fresh the fish tasted. It was so tender it melted in my mouth and the sauce mixed with shredded scallions were delish on the steamed rice. The fish was so good I ate the whole thing! 

Try this you won't be disappointed!
The soup dumplings are to die for!!  They are so good!!  Their shanghai pan fried dumpling and the Shang hai pan fried noodles were also delicious!!  Brought my 2 and 3 year old and they loved it!  Only thing is I didn't like is the decor but it's just a matter of taste on my part.
I was craving for the braised pork and lamb skewers as shown in a lot of the pictures, but it turned they changed menu, so it was dissappointing. Anyway , we ordered the cucumber and mushroom cold dish , which was tasty and refreshing , the rest are eggplant, sizzling lamb, pork ricecake with pickled vegetable, the taste were decent, as other reviews mentioned service was slow, they only had one servant , we waited almost half hour for the food to come up. but overall it was ok.
I only come here for xiao long bao which is the soup dumplings, but I also usually get the pan friend shanghai dumplings and beef roll. Rarely do I venture outside of that here. 

The foods good, I haven't found a place with better xiao long baos in Vegas, however the service is alright and some times you'll get someone who barely speaks or understands English. It hasn't detoured me yet though.
This place was profiled in LV Weekly a few months back, and specifically mentioned the beef roll pie, 8 Treasure Noodle, and the frog dish. While I'm intrigued to try frog again, I'll save that $16 dish for a dine-in visit as it doesn't sound like it will travel well.

Opted for the noodle dish and roll pie, ordered by phone to pick up, was ready when I got there a mere 15 minutes later- interior of restaurant is a bit nicer than I expect, having been to a few places in this plaza already. 

Noodle dish was packed well with the noodles separate from the sauce- assembled myself at home, and though I'm not entirely sure of the components, I was okay with the overall flavor. Lots of cut up meats, what appeared to be beans, and shrimp in a brown gravy sauce. Aroma of sauce didn't initially appeal to me but taste was decent. Not a bad dish but not one I can see myself coming back for.

Beef roll pie was a surprise with fresh herb inside- good mix of flavors and textures, and a good portion size for something I assumed was an appetizer and not an actual dish. Tasting this dish makes me curious about dim sum options here, though I decided against getting the XLB (reviews are mixed and I was not dining in).

Portion price and quality for price are fair ($20 total and enough for 2 meals), dcor is nicer and more upscale than expected, paper menu is not in keeping with these other aspects of the restaurant- not cohesive, but not an issue that will prevent me from coming back to try other dishes.
Earl been wanting to eat Xiao Long Bao (Small Dragon buns - XLB) for weeks now, since he watched Eddie Huang ate them on one of the episode.  I tasked Earl with finding a restaurant that makes delicious XLB.  He narrowed down the list, and I chose 1900 since I have not been here and supposedly, their XLB are quite decent.

When we arrived, I was surprised to see that 1900 is the spot where the Taiwanese restaurant used to be.  The dcor was really nice and the menus were fancy.  We ordered an order of XLB, lamb dumpling, and beef rolls.  XLB was the winner, lamb dumpling was BORING, and Beef rolls were ok, BUT, we had better elsewhere.

So...we will definitely come back for just the XLB.

Service was friendly.
It was late Wednesday night/early Thursday morning.  The fiance and I were hungry and wanted something to eat before calling it a night.  We made our way to 24 Seven Caf in the Palms where we staying.  Oddly (but fortuitously), the hostess seated us in Fortunes, the Chinese restaurant inside 24 Seven Caf.  Other than the fact it was newer looking, had a fresh coat of paint, and was minus the stereotypical Chinese knick knacks and prints/posters depicting Chinese landmarks or scenery, we felt like we'd been transported from a casino to a family-run Chinese restaurant in a non-descript strip mall.  I say that as a very good thing.  

Fortunes' late night menu offers a wide selection of Chinese fare to include an abbreviated (from their regular menu) dim sum menu.  We split orders of the Fish Maw and Crab Soup ($7.99), Hot & Sour Soup ($3.99), Szechuan Black Pepper Steak ($14.99), and Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf ($4.99) and Shrimp Dumpling ($3.99) dim sum.  First, portion sizes were generous.  Second, the food tasted surprisingly fresh made and not as if it had been sitting around for hours waiting to be served.  In the case of the black pepper steak, it came out sizzling hot like a plate of fresh grilled fajitas.  Third, and most importantly, the food was for the most part outstanding.  The bowl of fish maw and crab soup held an ample amount of its namesake seafood.  The beige colored soup's flavor was mild and without an off-putting fishiness.  It was my first experience with this soup, and I liked it.  However, I loved the hot & sour soup.  Its natural earth tone colors were pronounced, as the ingredients didn't look muted or washed out.  It was properly salted and, unlike many hot & sour soups that I've tried, it didn't shy away from showing off its spicy and sour notes.  It was the best rendition that I've ever had!  The previously mentioned black pepper steak possessed the trademark Szechuan spiciness, but not to fear, it was far from taste bud searing in its peppery heat.  The three shrimp dumplings were plump with filling and nicely steamed.  The shrimp were flavorful and, thankfully, not overcooked and rubbery.  The only miss of the evening/morning was our two lotus leaf wrapped bundles of sticky rice.  The rice wasn't that sticky and seemed under seasoned or missing some key ingredient.  It wasn't bad; it just wasn't nearly as good as everything else we received. 

I'll be the first to admit that I don't know how truly authentic Chinese food should taste.  That said, I do know what tastes good and the Chinese fare at Fortunes, even after midnight, tasted good.  What a pleasant surprise!
If you walk in from the west parking garage into the casino. There's a Fortunes menu  at the door, can't miss it. This is how I found out they had specials with your player's card. Must present your card to the server.  We constantly get comps each month for the Dim Sum but I doubt I'll ever use them. 

They have two menus here, Fortunes & Dim Sum menu.

On Tuesday the Shrimp Fried Rice is $7.99, I have tried their Sweet & Sour Chicken for $9.99. Really delicious food. I have not tried the Dim Sum menu because I'm not very adventurous. I just stick to what I know.

The service in here is consistent, the food comes out hot & fresh. We've had one issue but we mentioned it to our waitress and she took care of it immediately.  Happy yelping everyone. :D
The food is alright, but the service is terrible.  I'm here right now, waiting for my food and have been here for like 20 years waiting on the staff.  I came in clean shaven, and am beginning to feel a beard growing.  When they DO get around to you, most are rude.

But the food's alright though - did I mention that?

1 star rating -- chalk it up to that "WORLD-CLASS" service.
Good Food, Poor Service
4 stars for food, minus three for service because there was none. Food was authentic, especially considering the restaurant was part of the Palms' coffee shop.
Our waiter was cold and absolutely paid no attention to us. Never return after taking orders and placing orders on table.
The bus person was good and helpful. Since we were going to a show after dinner, so we waited and waited for our check, finally had to ask another waiter for it (while our waiter was cleaning table and just ignored us while we signaled for our checks several times).
It is a shame, we been to other restaurants at the Palms, service this time was the  worst. 
Too bad, the waiter never bother to introduce himself, otherwise would have complained to management. May be he had good reason for not letting patrons knowing his name.
The waiter was wearing glasses.
DO THIS FIRST!
Sign up and get the Club Palms card first if you plan on dining at Fortunes or the 24/7 cafe that Fortunes is attached to.  You will instantly pay $1-2 less at the Club Palms price compared to their regular price. What's a $buck?  If you have any previous experience ordering dim sum, then you know these dollar savings add up quickly and can be used instead for tipping the waitstaff or funding your quest to accumulate enough slot points to redeem for a Palms shot glass.

With that said here is my unusually more succinct review based on my observations from my 2 recent visits to Fortunes.  In general, Chinese speaking customers definitely receive slightly better service from the Chinese Fortunes staff, I am hypothesizing that it is partially due to their English language skill.  When I heard them speak in Chinese they sound friendly, but when the same staff speak to English speaking customers it does not come across as nicely and could be interpreted as brusque.  Just an observation like I said.

So what about their dim sum?  Before Fortunes, this spot was called Cathy House, which also had a dim sum offering, which was pretty good for Vegas standards.  I am not sure what happened and why the name change, and definitely not at all privy to the employment status of the chefs and cooks that worked there before and after the name change. What I do know is that the dim sum menu may still look similar, but the overall quality has gone down the proverbial drain.

The only item I ordered that I still considered good was their Pork & Shrimp Shu Mai.  Their Steamed Pork Rib Black Bean and Stuffed Bean Curd Skin with Pork & Shrimp were both just okay.  Baked Egg Yolk Cream Bun, used to be great here, but now I will avoid this greasy over-baked dessert pastry with very miniscule filling. But the other usual dim sum staples such as Shrimp Steamed Rice Roll (worst I have ever had in 3 different continents where I have had dim sum) and Crystal Shrimp Dumpling were really bad.  It felt like the items were not fresh and was reheated from the previous day's left over batch and/or the "wrapper" was made poorly, contributing to the odd rough texture (it should be silkier than what I had).  Needless to say, I will not be back for dim sum here until the overall quality has improved.  Not to mention that in spite of the relative dearth of dim sum restaurants here in Las Vegas, there are still better dim sum alternatives within reasonable driving distance.

Aside from dim sum (main menu available until 3pm only, after that you have to be content with just 6 items on their limited menu) they serve up a typical Chinese restaurant menu offering with 3 different pho (Vietnamese noodle soup). As I have never tried this portion of their menu, it will not factor into my review.  But the restaurant does have some enticing daily specials that may be worth checking out (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fortunes-las-vegas-2?select=L1swxxmabddvxirB3ee-sw#GSABGYz6StpwDQbG0EOCdQ).

As food quality and taste is the most important factors in my review, I sadly have to only give this current incarnation of the dim sum restaurant inside the Palms a 1 star review.  The service is okay, and definitely have room for improvement.  But if you are trying to attract Asian gamblers and comping them with dim sum (which I am sure they are very well aware of and come with certain expectations of minimum standard for quality and taste), then this marketing ploy is deeply flawed and in much need of revamping.

1 star only. But I am keeping my fingers cross for vast improvments in the near future.
If you are Chinese don't go here! We got lost finding this place inside the Palms. Who knew it would be a restaurant in the back of a restaurant. . I thought to myself," Oooo this place might be nice because there were no forks on the table"... then they brought the forks. I was so offended (My girlfriend is a beautiful white girl and sometimes they assume westerners can't use chopsticks. Come on! even Japanese restaurants know better than that. Assume everyone knows how to use chopsticks.) To solve this each time I place the forks on the next table over.  

The food was all basic entry level dim sum stuff. Stuff sat out too long. Seriously made to order would be better instead of this old stuff. That would have saved my experience. They had PF Chang like stuff on the menu too like Chow Mein, General Tso, pro-bally orange chicken...etc . If you use a fork at any Chinese Restaurants you might like this place. Really expensive too.
2 stars because the food I was able to get was hot and well prepared the pork ribs are delicious the ha chang was bland and rubbery . Overall it's an embarrassment to the Palms - no service no hostess , one lonely hot food trolley almost empty at 12 noon on Sunday , no prep of the correct sauces for the dishes , nobody changing plates as dimsum creates a lot of bones , very sad dessert selection - overall can't imagine how they could mess this one up the space is nice and I like Palms - KJ still king of the Vegas dim sum mountain and only a block away .
Literally shit. Do yourself a favor and go to the food court in Palms, because the Chinese food here is horrible. 

First, we ordered the pho, expecting some sort of resemblance to the savory Vietnamese noodle dish familiar to our (admittedly) spoiled taste buds. Unfortunately, the noodles were too thick, the broth had no flavor, and the temperature was lukewarm. 

Next, we got the orange chicken, which was worse than Panda Express's. Once again, it was cooked to a lukewarm temperature, but the texture of the chicken made it apparent that it was bought from Costco or something. 

Finally, to everyone familiar with Chinese/Taiwanese hotpot: it's not hotpot. A more appropriate title would have been "beef stew."

Btw it's really expensive without Palms club membership.
I ordered pretty simple items, the food was okay; service was lagging, but not too bad. 

I ordered sweet potato fries and steamed pork buns. Not too bad. The buns were just okay. Sweet potato fries were good, but not sure how you could mess that up, honestly. Alright for a quick bite to eat, but I wouldn't come here looking for a substantial meal.
From the moment we saw the sign with a "coming soon," we were pumped. There aren't a ton of dim sum choices around town that are truly delicious so we had our hopes up. When we finally saw it open, we made plans immediately. Many surprises hit us while eating there.

It's brand new, and the decor it really reminded me of Islands Burgers up on Charleston for some reason. Not really "Asian" at all with the exception of the fish tanks. It's a lot like a diner. Or... gasp... maybe even a cafe. This hits closer to the truth than we thought.

This is essentially a cafe that also serves dim sum. There are things like oatmeal, waffles, pancakes, etc. Cafe food. There is a strangely small section for dim sum - which we were told is all made there fresh every day. The small selection of actual dim sum was disappointing because we just expected something different. But there are a few gems here.

My favorites ended up being....

1. Shrimp on bell peppers - exactly as it says. It's shrimp formed on top of a slice of green bell pepper. It was tasty! The pepper was still crunchy, with freshly cooked shrimp on top.

2. Shrimp in mushrooms - once again, no surprises. It's mushrooms stuffed with shrimp. Steamed. Juicy and tasty.

3. Pork dumplings - I loved these because I love dumplings filled with soup. I always get delighted. The flavors were good and I ordered it a second time before I left.

Everything else is mostly shu mai. It tastes like it should, but not my favorite. But don't take that as "it's bad" - take it as I'm just not a fan of shu mai. There is one that says it is made of shark fin. Don't freak - it's imitation. I couldn't really tell it was even there.

Prices are sometimes reasonable, sometimes not. Basically you're paying around $1-2 per unit of food. So around $3-6 a plate of dim sum. You're served with sriracha and hoisin sauce. No chopsticks. I missed my usual soy sauce and vinegar mix with ginger.

Anyway. This is basically next door to me so I'm happy it's there for my dim sum fix. Check it out and see what you think of this strange mix of a cafe and Cantonese dim sum. I just wish a place called "Dim Sum Cafe" had more of the former than the latter.
If you want good Dim Sum, drive a little farther and go to Las Vegas Chinatown.  They were located on S Hualapai Wy/Twain in Las Vegas.  They are open 7 days a week from 7am-4pm.

When I walked in, there were about a dozen employees standing  behind the counter for a staff huddle.  One gal seated me and a another guy brought me water.  

They had 3 small flat screen tvs and 5 fish tanks.  The booths were really hard.  They didn't have much cushion to them.  Where I was seated, I could hear the kitchen staff and the servers behind me talking and hanging out.

They had nice laminated menus.  The only problem was that they didn't have enough menus.  A woman tried to pick up my menu after I ordered.  But I wanted to hang on to it in case I wanted to order more.

They offered 15 Dim Sum options, breakfast, salads, sandwiches, noodles, fish, From the Wok, and soups.  I ordered 4 Dim Sum dishes.

Fried Calamari ($6.50):  There were 9 lightly breaded rings of calamari served on a saucer plate.  The server asked if I wanted sweet and sour, hoisin, hot chili, or soy sauce.  I choose sweet and sour sauce.  It was served in a little plastic container.  It was watery.

Stuffed Mushrooms ($3.50):  There were 4  piping hot mushrooms stuffed with tasteless ground shrimp and calamari served on a saucer plate.

The server brought me hoisin and hot chili sauce in a little plastic container, and a bottle of soy sauce for the dumplings.

Pork Shiu Mai ($2.50):  4 pieces served on a saucer plate.  They were filled with ground pork and mushrooms.

Steamed Pork Dumplings ($3): 3 dumplings served on a saucer plate.  These were the best out of the 4 items I ordered.

They could at least invest in proper serving plates, offer chopsticks, and have little jars of condiments on the table.  They need a website and a Facebook page.

I paid at the counter and left. Paying $18 with tip was way too much for what I got.   I won't be back.
I stopped by Dim Sum Cafe for lunch last week and it was a disappointment.  The menu has everything from American breakfast, Dim Sum, Salads, Sandwiches/Burgers, Spaghetti/Ramen, Sweet/Sour Pork to Fish and Chips. 

When I saw the menu it seemed funny to have so much of everything that was not Dim Sum. They did not have a lot of Dim Sum on the menu, maybe 15+ items...no Har Gau (shrimp dumpling), a must have for any restaurant wanting to serve Dim Sum. 

I ordered 3 different types of Siu Mais (Chicken, Pork, Shrimp), only the Shrimp was okay, the pork and chicken both needed flavoring. Imagine flavorless pork, yuk. I also got the chicken pot stickers (made from store bought pot-sticker skin) which was also tasteless. The eggrolls, ehhh...stuffed mushroom/shrimp ehhh...and a fake sharkfin dumpling (was told that's what it was) also ehhh.  The waiter said all their Dim Sum is made to order or heated up when order...it all came out not very hot. I had a red bean ice to drink, that was okay but not enough since it came out in a short glass.

 This restaurant just opened a week ago and I think they are trying to be jack of all trades and unfortunately they have not even mastered their namesake (Dim Sum). If they named the restaurant Dim Sum Cafe, you'd think they serve really good Dim Sum, not so here.

The service was okay and the restaurant was clean and bright but I would not venture to this place if you are serious about Dim Sum.
I found a dead cockroach in my egg roll!! I  just couldn't believe my eyes when I saw it........After ccomplaining to  the manager he was very apologetic but at that point I was so traumatized that I just stormed out of the the restaurant. Avoid at all costs!!
Opening week - great build out but I'm afraid it will be a really nice egg and I in 6 months .

For a place with "dim sum" in it's name they do a really poor job.  If you want dim sum - don't come here.

The dcor is very nice and the staff tries hard and is friendly - the owners seem unsure how to run a restaurant and how to organize a menu.

We ordered a variety of items and none are worth coming back.
Egg drop soup was watery - the pork dumplings were undercooked - the shui mai were like you can buy at Rancho 99 - the fried shrimp had no flavor and the fried calamari were fried in old oil.

Not sure why people with (i'm guessing) no restaurant background think opening a place makes sense.

Simply put - an on old school chinese dim sum place with a good chinese chef will kick butt here - instead of putting up wooden patio covers, they should of invested in dim sum steam carts.
This was the worst meal I've ever had in Vegas
The menu was totally weird: A small selection of Dim Sum, a full breakfast menu, and deli food?
We ordered some of the Dim Sum, all of it was terrible.
DO NOT EAT HERE
Disappointed I didn't go to a true dim sum restaurant on Spring Mountain.  Like other Yelpers I thought I'd give this new place a shot. I was first excited about a dim sum place close to our Vegas house but then I was let down when I saw the menu. Their name "Dim Sum Cafe" implies that they know what dim sum is...but this place has little idea what they are doing.  The serving staff is predominantly non-Asian and had no clue what cheong fun noodles and traditional dim sum fare are.  I explained what I was looking for "beef cheong fun" and the server said they have it. When the dish arrived it was beef noodle stir fry- not even close to the flat rice noodle filled with beef, pork, or shrimp.  I ordered 2 and those plates never touched my table- I sent them back as soon as I saw them. It's like I went to a so-called hamburger stand and they had no clue what a cheeseburger is. Gawd. It took a while for them to figure out we need plates and I guess they didn't have chopsticks ready.  

$4.25 eggroll (2 pieces): you think it would be good or large for the money, right? Wrong. It seemed like they just fried some eggrolls from Ranch 99 and charged $2 a piece. Super rip-off because the eggroll was not very tasty. Adding insult to injury my kid ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and they didn't have cheddar cheese so she got a grilled mozerella sandwich. Yuck. 

Confused menu: small dim sum collection, American breakfast of oatmeal, waffles, french toast. Salads, spaghetti, and fish. 

Wait staff was slow to figure out we needed place settings and our server acknowledged that they were having many customers complaining about the menu. Restaurant was clean (it's 2 weeks new) and the TVs on the wall still had the Energy Consumption sticker on them. No fish in the tanks yet, either. 

I hope these reviews serve as a wake-up call to the owners. Vegas is not the kind of place that supports or tolerates a bad restaurant- especially one that leaves customers feeling tricked and overcharged. I would love to pay good money for good food, but this place is like its indoor wooden trellis: the structure is there but it isn't polished and leaves people asking the question "Why?!"  I'd skip this place until they get many of the wrinkles ironed out.  Hopefully they do it soon before the Grand Opening turns into the Grand Closing.
A great Dim Sum place on the West Side. Not sure what the issues all of the previous posters had. I've eaten there 2x now, and both times were just great.  Food was good, service was excellent, and price was reasonable. Please don't let the previous posters scare you away. Give it a try and you won't be sorry.
The dim sum was not as bad as some say and I'm not a racist so I don't mind the non Asian serving staff plus they're quite friendly and they actually speak intelligible English. 
The selection of dim sum is about the same as most dim sum places although they don't have har gow but they have four didn't types of shumai which is great since my friend was allergic to shrimp.  I personally really liked the beef shumai.  They did not have turnip cake but I'm not one that needs it during dim sum.  Their steamed bbq pork buns were another welcome surprise with them being very soft and the baked were even softer although they stuck to the paper placed underneath it a little too much. I had a beef curry pie/puff and the curry inside oozed out and tasted magical. 
And the selection of sweets is enormous compared to most places with four types of rice cake ranging from the traditional white to strawberry to chocolate to mango.  I also tried their coconut custard which had more coconut than custard but I won't blame them for that. With cold desserts there was blueberry pudding, taro pudding,  and the usual coconut.  I had the taro and you could taste that there is actual taro in it. 
All in all I thought it's a nice little place that is closer and I'll definitely be back for more of their sweets.
I'm Asian and I've eaten at many dim sum restaurants, and this is my take on the Dim Sum Cafe: 

The variety of dim sum dishes is good. You might think that this restaurant doesn't carry as much variety as other dim sum restaurants, but that is because this restaurant only has several carts circulating around the restaurant at any given time, so it looks like there is less choices.  However, they do not have the more traditional dim sum houses choices like preserved duck-egg congee and tofu/ginger.

The quality of dim sum is good. Thumbs up for taste & freshness. No difference in portion size, and dishes were not greasy. The chicken steamed buns were a bit dry & doughy, but all other choices were excellent.

Price is comparable to other dim sum restaurant. Our check for 4 was the same as other dim sum places.

No pushy dim sum cart lady coming by every minute disturbing your meal. The cart comes out maybe 2-3 times total in the whole meal. Only a few of the staff is Asian, which is OK because the non-Asian staff appeared to be knowledgeable about the menu and was attentive. This might be a good dim sum starter restaurant for those who want decent dim sum but don't want the hustle of Chinatown.

The decor is clean with some fish aquariums, but there is absolutely nothing Asian about it. You wouldn't know you're in an Asian restaurant and thought you were in a really clean Denny's. Perhaps restaurant management can put a couple of inexpensive Asian-like items (lanterns, bamboo, red color, etc) to be consistent with the restaurant's name.

Crazy menu needs to be refined. What is with the hamburger and sandwiches? Not sure why they feel the need to stick American breakfast stuff and other items in the menu, and why customers will go to a dim sum restaurant to get American food.  This is very confusing and gives the impression that management does not know what they are doing.  

Their dim sum is good, it's also the name of the restaurant, so they should clean up the menu and stick to what they do well...dim sum!
I loved it. First off it was the cleanest dim sum place I've ever been to. The staff was kind and had perfect timing. It's new, so it wasn't crowded.  They were also great with kids.  A plus when you want to enjoy a meal out as a family.
I don't pretend to be a dim-sum expert, but so what if they have hamburgers on the menu and non-Asian staff?  The bottom line is that the food and the service are good. In addition, the restaurant is quiet enough that you can actually have a conversation, which is more than can be said for some dim-sum restaurants in Chinatown.  I would definitely go back.
I must admit that I was not impressed the first time, but I love dim sum and the location is near my office, so I gave it a second chance and it was much better, I would go again, it is more expensive than the restaurants in Chinatown but if you don't want the hassle of driving and waiting, this restaurant is a good choice.
They changed  menu to offer more dim sum, unfortunately still limited on their dim sum,the noodle dish portion was kinda small, and I try to order sweet custard bun, but not available ,, dim sum items made fresh, the shrimp stuff peppers were made fresh and came out hot, but the sauce lack flavor,, and  I rather have the dim sum carts go by, once and awhile so I can get food quickly.. They cannot have carts go by as there is not a crowd, to have the food it on them all day, somehow this place is not in a good location, people will just pass it by ,, they need to do something to bring in the crowd, improve food taste, reduce the cost on the noodle,food dishes and or increase the portion... Sorry will venture for dim sum ,down at orchid garden, Cathay house...
I had some time before my Barr Class and needed a quick little snack so I thought I'd give Dim Sum Cafe a try (I get coupons from them all the time). My favorite is the chicken sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves. The sticky rice was a little under cooked and was hard and not soft and sticky, making it difficult to chew. The customer service was friendly. I always want to support small businesses in our community, but I think they need to work on the quality of their food to attract more people into their nice restaurant.
I thought this place was pretty good and the service was good too. They don't use MSG which is important to me. The server was fast and gave us a good explanation of the food. I've been here twice and I will go back again. I have had the Moo Goo Gai Pan which I liked a lot. The veggies were fresh and it was cooked well. I tried the Walnut Shrimp (my daughter's) which was also very good. I had the Monglian Beef the second time I went, which wasn't very spicy but had good flavor, overall. And we really love the Pot Stickers! We also got something for desert but I can't remember the name of it. It was like a small pie with egg glaze on top. It tasted like a cookie and I enjoyed that as well.
Awesome. Food is fresh and delicious and employees are very nice. We had it delivered and we really enjoyed it. Looking forward to dining in.
I love Dim Sum and this place was close to where I was running errands. The other yelp reviews weren't too kind, but I went anyway. Although they don't have a cart and you just order off the menu, the food was great! The prices are reasonable and there's lots of flavor. I'd go back as the servers are kind and had great recommendations.
(Sigh)...disappointed. I was happy to find a dim sum place close to Summerlin, but the food is no where near the quality of the other dim sum restaurants in Chinatown. Steamed Beef Tendon and Baked BBQ Pork Pie are the worst that I've ever eaten. Can't believe I'm going to say this: Panda Express is better than this. I feel sorry for the nice staff working here.
The Dim Sum menu was almost identical to other Dim Sum restaurants in the Vegas area with minor differences. I found the Dim Sum not greasy and delicious! The Thai Iced tea was great too. I especially enjoyed the shrimp dim sum.
Baked Pork Rolls = Awesome
Fried Calamari = OK
Hot and Sour Soup = Legit
Chive Dumpling = Best I had while I was there

There's a lot of items to choose from and I'll be back to sample the rest, definetley coming back
HIGHLY RECOMMEND
 this restaurant is a repeat weekly for my busy work schedule and family. The ingredients are fresh- I love fresh waterchestnuts- the dishes are consisent. The name threw me off didn't realize they're open for full dinner menu at first.  I read a review about the dim sum is frozen. that must have been a vindictive competitor because these owners also own The huge restaurant Orchid Garden on Sahara & Lindell. If they were going to get dim sum from anywhere else other than their own kitchen it would be a lot cheaper just to get from their other location
 
Food excellent. no MSG and the place is  immaculate HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I love this place for dim sum and Chinese dishes.  No dim sum carts, but even better because everything is made fresh to order at dim sum prices and all your dim sum faves.  A plus for the Summerlin area.  Friendly staff and a nice clean restaurant.  A must try for Chinese in Summerlin!
I live in the area and was excited when I saw a Dim Sum place opening up.  Sadly food is borderline inedible.  

The Mushroom Shiu Mai....the mushroom it was served on couldn't be cut!  It acted like rubber.  You put a knife to it and it would retain it's shape once you lifted the knife from it.  I've never seen a mushroom do this.  Needed to make serious effort to cut through it.  I tried a small taste  and had to remove it from my mouth.  

The shrimp dumplings/potsticker seemed old.   The shrimp in the dumpling was mushy and fell apart.  It was not seasoned and was bland.  Took one bite and left the rest.  

The one cart of food they were selling looked old.  The egg rolls did not look like they were made in house.   When asked about some of the other dim sum on the menu the said that was made to order as it doesn't hold well.   Which gave me reason to believe the food on the cart wasn't made right away and looked its age.  

The pork buns were "OK" nothing special.  Could use a bit more filling in the buns.  

The Chicken dumplings were average.  They were actually the saving grace of the experience.   Found it odd you had to actually request the standard sauces that are served at normal dim sum places.   We had the hot mustard and the red chili.  Both sauces were good.  

The ice tea was fresh......I wasn't offered a refill or asked if I wanted another drink.

I don't think the place will be there for long.
Very nice place. We were greeted the moment we stepped in the door for lunch. Our server, Alex, took great care of my wife and I. We started off with some Dim Sum/Apps: Pot stickers, Cream cheese won ton and baked BBQ pork buns. They were all delicious, well presented and reasonably priced. We then ordered the Mongolian Beef lunch special (7.95) which comes with 1 egg roll and a cup of egg drop soup. Usually the entree is spicy hot and I asked to have it toned down a bit. The soup and egg roll were very good and the Mongolian Beef was prepared just the way I requested...not too hot.
Just enough kick to make you sweat a little. All in all it was a nice experience and good food for a reasonable price. The only thing that I noticed that was a bit disturbing were all of the surveillance cameras inside the restaurant  ..about 9 or 10. Kinda strange for such a small dining area.
business is picking up at dim sum cafe.  yeah! I knew people would not be footed.  These new owner's aren't new to town or the industry. THIS IS THEIR SECOND LOCATION a sister restaurant to the Huge dim sum Chinese restaurant on Sahara the Orchid Garden. personally I prefer the more up scale style at the new location for dinner.
It's exciting to have a dim sum restaurant close to my neighborhood.  Now I don't have to drive to Chinatown.     I ordered several traditional dim sum dishes to go and it was very good!!   It was made to order and the food was fresh and tasty with no msg!!  The price is reasonable like other dim sum places; And they also have lunch specials and dinner menus.   I will definitely go back to Dim Sum Cafe.
Bland. Dim sum leaves much to be desired & I'm always satisfied after happy dim sum. Bad dim sum? Really? Believe me, a true disappointment. I was SO excited this place opened near my house & couldn't wait to go. Some of the dim sum looks a bit unusual, like frozen or generic. I believe they do hand make some of the dishes but the classics are not up to par. Totally missing that fresh steamed dim sum flavor. The chive dumplings are good. Service is good. Restaurant is spacious & eclectic. I'll be driving to Chinatown or Ping Pang Pong for real dim sum.
All I can say is yum yum yum the sesame chicken was delicious !!!!! we ordered from the lunch specials which was a really cool thing because we got our choices to pick between different  flavors and plates  we wanted to eat   but  this food was delicious I really enjoy the atmosphere really laid back  the staff and the waiters were awsome  they treated us a very well
At first I was skeptical coming here, since there was a ton of bad reviews. The food turn out pretty good. I really like the fact that this restaurant is close to where I live, so that way I don't have to go to Chinatown for some good dim sum. They also make the food fresh, instead of having it pre-made and ready to serve. It may be a wait but its worth it. In addition, the staff is super friendly and nice. I highly recommend this restaurant.
After reading others' reviews, my curiosity proceeds me.  A new restaurant needs more time to proof themselves.  Hence, I ordered a take out and check out their dinning area and exam the restroom as I awaited for my order.  

1.  the bean curd skin roll
    Rate: 1.5
Note: The bean curd skin roll tasted old- more of the boarder line spoilage taste. 
2. Sticky rice 
     Rate:0 (yes, it's a zero star) 
Note: The sticky rice had too little stuffings.  Most stuffings are pork fat with very little meat.  It has a very mild rotten meat king of sourness taste which is rather unpleasant for me.  

3. Shrimp dumpling
     Rate: 3
Note:  it tasted average. Neither bad nor impressive! 

Facilities: 
Restroom 
-5 
The bathroom was dusty, things were broken everywhere. There were one missing light bulb, one broken paper towel feeder, one very dimes light bulb.  A very dusty soap bin and sink counter.   The sanitation standard is not up to my standard.  My biggest pet peeve for a restaurant is dirty restroom.  If they can't keep that room clean, their kitchen won't be any better.  

Overall-I would give negative stars if allowed.  

Sorry, I won't come back and strongly recommend others to think twice before coming here.
Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 26/100

Good but not great. 

Service was delightful. We had an attentive server who was prompt and cheerful. He got our food in on time and happily split he check when we were done. Food was as they were. Couldn't help but wish there was a wider variety of yum tsa food choices like cheung fun (beef wrapped in vermicelli noodles) or sweet tofu dessert. Nonetheless, they had a buy 1 get 1 free promotion that day for the chicken siu mai which was a nice surprise. 

Bathroom had mood lighting by the sink but was pitch black once we entered the cubicles. I had to turn my flashlight on just to know where to sit and find out where the tissue paper was. Restaurant was clean but nothing really stood out.
Why is everyone giving this place mediocre rating? Cause there are no carts?

I personally loved my dinner here at Dim Sum Cafe. I love the location! Not on busy Spring Mountain Rd! Finally, a close Dim Sum spot by my place. The servers were really nice, all of them smiling & very helpful.

You pretty much order all the Dim Sum you want on a menu. As hungry as I was, I wish the food came out quicker but I appreciate & love the fact that they cook it & the food is not simply sitting on a cart.

I thought the food was delicious too! Not bland at all & seasoning was just right. I think the bad reviews stems from people having delicious Dim Sum outside of Vegas but think about it, we really don't have an extensive list here in town in the first place. Honestly, I think this place is underrated. The atmosphere was nice, the lighting was bright, ambiance was welcoming, seats were comfortable, the whole place was clean.. & most importantly, the food was not bad at all.

Of course, if you want your food fast, then go to Orchid Garden or something. This is just a place I'd go to when I want good quality & clean Dim Sum without having to travel too far.
Me: Great neighborhood dim sum place. The pork siu mai was so fresh and tasty and juicy. All the dishes we ordered (beef chow fun, har gow, steamed pork bun, baked custard bun, sticky rice in lotus leaf, fries taro dumpling) tasted as it traditionally should but was not as greasy, actually. If come again for dim sum fix in the neighborhood. The selection is pretty good but not as much as a trad tea house. For that I give 4 stars. Also, very reasonably priced. 

Him: The chow fun tastes almost as good as my grandpa's. It's really good. It's kind of weird my mommy speaks Chinese to the waiters. They're from Hong Kong. The pork buns are good and different because the meat is not small and dry but chunky and juicy. I like the siu mai too because it was really meaty and juicy and not fatty. The bathrooms are so clean, I went twice. I faked it the first time to inspect and then the second because I really had to go. The sticky rice could have had more flavor but my favorite sausage (pork wine "lop cherng") was in there so that was good. Order the Siu Mai. Gets 4 stars because no carts of food for fast-eating like other dim sum places.
I was excited to see a dim sum place in summerlin! The restaurant is pretty big with pleasant decor. I loved the fact that they have pictures on their menu so I no longer have to make up words to let them know what I want. The prices are good, pretty much like any other dim sum restaurant. However, the major difference between this restaurant and your typical dim sum place  is the fact that they do not have the serving cars. You order a la cart and they deliver the items to you table! Overall, a good restaurant to try.
They have some things to work on, but I'm giving 5 stars because I've never gone to a dim sum place in town that I really wanted to go back to of my own free will. 

First, a little history of my dim sum perspective. Since I was young I've gone to the best dim sum restaurants in San Francisco with my parents, and since coming to Las Vegas we've also tried practically every dim sum joint in town available. Cathay, KJ's in Rio, PingPangPong, Orchid's, Chang's.... The only time I go is when my parents are in town and it's all the same to me. The best communication is in Mandarin or a dialect, otherwise its pointing at things. There are a variety of dishes, lots of shrimp based things, many dishes are very salty, very heavy, very oily. I don't like any of those latter points. 

I'm not saying that Dim Sum Cafe food is bland. Not at all! But in comparison to all the others, it is not so heavy that it makes me want to stop eating after a few tries. It also seems to be less oily and heavy than other places I've tried. 

One big thing I really like is that you can order dim sum any time of the day and they make it to order so its hot and fresh, not on a cart for who knows how long. This does mean it will take a little bit for your food to come out, but it's worth the wait to me. I was initially a little wary since another review said it was a sister of Orchid Garden, who gave me cold dim sum so I never went back. Fortunately, nothing was cold, stale, or old here. The quality seems to be quite good, and everything tastes great. 

There are some Chinese only speaking employees there, but they do their best and mean well. It did take a little while to be noticed and seated, and service seems a little bit slow depending on which server you get. It might be a little bit of language barrier, a little shortage of staff, a little less experience with customer service, but whatever it is a little training or hiring of experienced servers would smooth these bumps quickly. 

For a Saturday night there were not many people there. I don't know if it was the location or that it's still a new place, but I hope they can make the right improvements and stay in business so that I can keep having dim sum that doesn't overwhelm me!
This place does not deserve 1 star because the service was great, everyone was nice and pleasant. However, their food was mediocre. I recommend this place to people who enjoy Chinese food with less sodium. However, if you are like me and enjoy food with flavor, unfortunately I do not recommend Dim Sum Cafe. The Shrimp Har Gow was flavorless and small. The Combo Fried Rice taste was plain, its meat and seafood lacked flavor. The Pan Fried Chive Dumpling lacked garlic. The Chiu Chow style dumpling, I'm sorry, was disgusting and tasted like throw up. The deep fried Shrimp looked bigger in the photo. FYI the shrimp was the size of a dime. The Honey Walnut Shrimp was okay because the walnuts were coated and crunchy, and the shrimp was pretty good, not over cooked, did not drown in the sweet sauce, and about the size of a half dollar coin. The War Wonton soup was the main reason why I wanted to go to Dim Sum cafe, but I was fairly disappointed. It lacked what the other dishes lacked.....Flavor. Salt, pepper, and soy sauce can only help a little. There was no garlic, herbs, onion, etc...nothing to boost the flavor of their dishes.
I'm not super familiar with dim sum, but if they are all like this, I'm a fan! Started with hot and sour soup, it was probably my favorite part of the meal. Baked pork buns were great, egg rolls were pretty standard, and the chow mein was excellent . I will be back, if anything the hot and sour soup is worth it. They could have had carts, I think it would have been served faster, but the place wasn't that busy so I assume they didn't want to waste food.
Dim sum Not so fresh and not so much flavor, service was good, hot and sour soup was great. It's clean comfy booth.
I hate that this place got a bad rap when it first opened and can't get above 3 1/2 stars now. It's one of my favorite spots in town for dim sum and noodle soups. The dim sum is made fresh instead of sitting on a cart all day. Price can't be beat and service is excellent - it's a great family-owned local business to support. Try the steamed pork dumplings, shrimp hargow, baked cream buns, steamed pork buns and beef udon. Oh ya - and they DELIVER dim sum during all hours of operation.
Nice made to order dim sum place w/some good dishes and some mediocre.  Not quite Cathay House but the chive dumpling, stuffed eggplant and pork buns were excellent.  Service was good and friendly.  Place is clean and spacious.  I would give it 3 and a half stars.  Prices btw $2.50 and $3.50 for most dim sum.  Full Chinese menu available.  Good chicken egg too young, Chinese vegetables and war won ton soup.
Probably my favorite dim sum place in Vegas.  I love the fact they don't use carts. You're orders are made to order so you have fresh & hot dim sum no matter when  you come in. I wish the baked char sui bao were made to order but that's hard to do, they just weren't that hot.  Our favorite of the night are the har gow, stuffed eggplant & pan fried chive dumplings. My favorite was definitely the pan fried chive dumplings,  they were The best I had since moving heren The place is beautiful & very clean. I appreciate the fact that they have a picture menu do those dim sum virgins in our party were able to see a picture before we ordered. If we had one negative I'd we wish most of the orders had 4 pieces instead of 3. Other than that we highly recommended this restaurant
I first became aware of this restaurant when I saw a flyer showing the Dim Sum menu. Of course, I immediately went to my Yelp app to check the reviews. It's a relatively new restaurant, but the reviews that I read we're encouraging. I especially liked the quick video clip made by the restaurant emphasizing the freshness of their Dim Sum, because they are made to order vs. sitting on a cart. 

I came here on a Sunday with four other family members at around 11:30 AM. Parking was easy since they have a parking lot. We were greeted and seated immediately. The restaurant interior appeared modern, very spacious and clean. They even had two big flat screen TV's! 

We ordered numerous Dim Sum dishes (including the usual Siu Mai & Har Gow). The dishes came out hot, freshly made and in a timely manner. We all felt that the dishes were delicious. We even had a separate order of Tomato Beef Chow Mein (Hong Kong style-crispy noodles). It was done right & it was flavorful. In talking with our waiter, he told us that they are affiliated with the popular Orchids Garden Restaurant. Even though Dim Sum Cafe is relatively new, I feel that they worth a try...Check out the photos I posted.
Me and my husband decided to check Dim Sum Cafe out since it is right by our house and its great! The restaurant is open with a lot of seating and the staff is very friendly. When we went we did not see a dim sum cart probably because it was later in the night and not many customers were in and actually im not too sure if they even have one haha. Over all the Dim Sum is great, everything is tasty and we enjoyed the whole experience.
I really wanted to like this place. Numerous spelling errors in the menu, prices changed immediately upon opening, noted in the menu with pen & stickers.
Prices are too high for the quality of food.
Ordered the Pho- certainly not as good as many other restaurants in town that serve pho.
I won't return.
Also service at lunch time was terrible, cannot come here for a normal lunch service if you need to be in & out.
The place is huge but was not full, so the service could have been *much* better. There was a line waiting to sit when I got there, even though there were many empty tables. I was by myself and where they put me the waiter didn't see me easily so I had to wait about 10 minutes to get any service even after sitting. A different server brought my food and it was not what I ordered. I had shrimp spring rolls and the special beef pho. The spring rolls were pretty bland but the peanut sauce that accompanied them was very good. I had never had pho before, but I didn't like it. I don't know if that was their fault or if I just don't like pho. I had to wait in line again to pay. I wish I'd read the one other review before I went!
Unfortunately, this restaurant scored only 1 star from me! The food tasted terrible. General chicken as listed on the menu(aka- general tso's chicken) was super bland, no flavor and the chicken tasted old. The next food was the combination fried rice which was $11.00 contained very small amount and greasy. But $11.00 for a fried rice??? WTH??? Who charges $11.00 for fried rice??? They're suppose to be located around the campus area with lots of students and as for the price, it was way too expensive for the food quality. I definitely won't be going back! 

Also, do not order the spring rolls. The wrap was hard and tasted old!
Good lunch. Pho was hood. Had the #4 and it was comparable to other vietnamese restaurant in town. Also had the beef hor fun and it was tasty. Quiet at 1145am because they just opened in September and not many know about the move from Monona to Madison. Would recommend eating here in the spacious room. Tip: look at the lunch menu before sitting down or else you will have to walk back to the door.
I've been here a couple times now and the food is decent. Price is reasonable for it's quality. The flavored for bun and pho decent and fall short of Saigon noodle a little bit. The restaurant is very spacious inside and can probably accommodate large groups. I haven't seen the place packed yet so I don't know how they can handle full capacity. I would definitely come back for casual dining.
Great space but the food was not. I went with the group of people for lunch. My noodles were under cooked and the meat was overcooked in the soup I ordered , so both were very chewy. Egg rolls were okay, crispy but a little bland.
The hell happened to you Kim's? If it wasn't known, the people who ran Kim's Noodles on Monona relocated here to Viet Bistro and its been the biggest inconvenience. Living on the northeast side of town, Kim's used to be within comfortable driving distance,especially after a night of heavy drinking. Their pho, although a bit bland, was a good friend to have, especially when all the condiments were all in front of you. Now, at Viet bistro, the condiments have disappeared. It wasn't much trouble to ask for fish sauce, chili paste and soy sauce but when you're having pho, you really shouldn't have to ask. 
Their pho hasn't changed though, its still a very good dish.  Their other dishes are good but overpriced. My friend had fried rice and it cost her ~8 bucks. It was good, but not $8 good. 
Their service is standard, they know when you're looking for water and are polite. 
I've heard of a Bistro Bowl: a bowl of pho twice as big as their large size bowl from my friend, but I have yet to ask for it. Place is clean and very nice looking. Might be back, maybe just to see if they've improved.
Oh Kim's Noodle, why did you move from Monona? I guess to be where the students are. Don't lose your soul in the transition...
This place is clean and the food is pretty good. But make sure u give yourself enough time for lunch!!! I had bad service there three times I was there. 1st in only asked how long my carry out will be the guy was like" do I see we have ppl here to service too?!?" He answered. " I just want to know how long it will take" I replied. The 2nd time i figured I ordered over the phone but it took me 15 min for the manger/ owner to understand what u wanted!!! He barely speak English and have a heavy accent. Not very nice in the phone ! No customer sever skill! I ended up cancelled the ordered and re think if I will ever order from them again!!!!!!! Not recommended !
Hands down best Chinese food I have EVER had in the Midwest.
There is a new chef from  Hong Kong cooking the Chinese food. 
Try the hot and sour soup and generals chicken.
Heard from the owner that they just changed chef. This chef is from Hong Kong and the fishes are better.
If you go to an Italian restaurant and order chicken nuggets, you are bound to be disappointed. And also that is a stupid move. So why would you order Chinese dishes at a Vietnamese restaurant? Stick to the Vietnamese dishes like pho, bun, or banh mi and you won't be disappointed like all those other 1- and 2-star reviewers. They do the Vietnamese classics really well. Pho dac biet and bun bo hue are two of my favorite dishes and they do those well here. Check out their selection of banh mis as well and grab a Thai iced tea. Skip the Chinese fare; Ichiban Szechuan is a better choice for that.
Just got back from dinner and eager to share the news. Viet Bistro hired a new chef from Hong Kong. The menu has not changed yet but if you ask, they will have a hand written chinese menu of authentic Cantonese dishes. Ignore previous reviews. Previous 2 chefs were from Vietnam and dishes were so so. This new chef is good. See new photos.
I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine's Day! Can't wait to try it then.
My experience here made me create a yelp account.  Starting with the positives - plenty of space and seating available, overall friendly staff, and affordable options on the menu.  On the flip side I felt the food portions and attention to detail were subpar.  

Food portions - There are three different sizes of pho on the menu - small, large, and xl.  Being as hungry as I was I ordered the xl.  The waitress showed up with a big bowl of broth.  Never in my life have I finished eating a bowl (let alone an xl) of pho still feeling hungry.  

The details - when I received my check, it was unclear as to whether I was supposed to pay at the table or pay at the register.  I sat around unnecessarily for a while...they certainly could have explained that better.  When I went to pay, they said they did not accept American Express although the sticker on the door said Amex.  When I questioned them about the sticker on the door they said they forgot to scratch it off...but still asked for a different form of payment.

I wanted to like this restaurant but unfortunately it was the small food portions and lack of detail (and the fact they don't accept Amex) that makes me not want to go back here.  When you don't pay attention to the details on the floor who knows what goes on in the kitchen.
Another fantastic dinner with chef chan and owner Jason. Decided to take a risk and asked the chef to prepare a set if dishes for 8 people. Got surprised with a set of dim sum appetizers, a sneak preview of their fun sum menu starting 2/14 followed by 3 dishes I would not have ordered normally but will in the future. Check out the photos.
I only come here for Pho. Their Pho is the best in town. Beef soup delicious. Much better than Saigon's Noodle. Staff are friendly. The place is clean and spacious. Service is fast for Pho, not sure for other dishes though. I've tried pho in Kim's Noodle and it was far from comparable to Vietbistro's now. I think this really depends on the chef.
Update from Jason about dim sum. Equipment are not arriving in time for full dim sum menu. Joe wants to make sure all dim sum items are available for you to enjoy so dim sum menu will be delayed. Soonest might be next Saturday if all equipment shows up as promised. Jason sends his apology for the delay. Good things fine to those who wait. :-)
It is confirmed! Dim Sum menu starts this Sat, 2/22! Be ready. 7 days a week till 3 pm.
We were in the area for the Badger & Spartan hockey game (Feb 221st) at the Kohl Center and had some spare time to kill.  So, we decided to eat at this place.  All I can say is that the health department needs to look into what they are serving because this was the worst tasting food that I and my friends have ever eaten!


Decor / atmosphere - Nice.

Service - Terrible! we had 6 in our party and were seated right away (probably due to the fact that there was no one in there... lol)  We were given water then our orders were taken but all of us realized after our orders were taken that the waitress never took our drink orders. It took awhile to find her. Once we placed our drink orders, it then took forever to get them. It was $4 for a 12 oz bottled beer. Rip off. To top it off... all our dinners came out one-by-one every 10 minutes. That's right!  By the time the last 2 dinners came out 4 of us were already done eating. Absolutely stupid.

Food - Hands down the worst food I have ever eaten at any restaurant in my life!  I ordered combination fried rice platter and extra sized it because I split it with my boyfriend. The chicken didnt taste like chicken at all. I wouldn't be surprised if it was squirrel. The shrimp was the tiny canned shrimp about as big as a dime. I then decided not to eat the beef. I didn't want to risk it. So I cannot comment on the beef.

Needless to say we went to the hockey game with upset stomachs. First time I spent $80 on a dinner and left hungry. 

BTW- You can tell that the people giving positive reviews for this restaurant all work there or own it. There is no way in hell this place will stay in business serving crap like that.
Came here with a couple of friends for lunch on Sunday. Sadly, I came away with my expectations unfulfilled.

Service was rather lacking and slow. They seemed to be understaffed, with only 2 servers catering to the 15 or so tables during lunch hour. 

The menu was interesting, with loads of familiar Vietnamese dishes ranging from noodles to rice dishes, and Chinese stir-fried dishes. 

As recommended by fellow Yelpers, I went ahead and ordered Vietnamese favorite - Pho with meatballs. I got a large bowl, which was a dollar more expensive than the regular, hoping to go home with leftovers for another meal (which is what happens at Ha Long Bay and Saigon noodles). Sadly, for $9, I got noodles only enough for one meal, and 3 half meatballs. The soup was tasty, but I wouldn't say it was better than Ha Long Bay and Saigon noodles. Definitely I would lean towards the rice dishes next time.

Also, I'm excited to hear they would be serving Dim Sum, which is horribly lacking in Madison. Noticing that there were cantonese among the servers gives me a spark of hope that this would be a reasonable place to assuage my hunger for Dim Sum in Madison!
Came here with excitement that it started to serve dim sum. We were kept waiting for 15 minutes before we were seated. There were open seats just that no one was in charge of cleaning things up. Weird. No utensils, no water, no one to take order after we were seated for 10 minutes. 

The service is terrible. Slow. Understaffed. Uncoordinated. Obviously they were overwhelmed by dim sum lovers on a weekend. I could see the waitresses felt awkward, too.  Seriously, someone needs to fix the system here.

Finally came the dims sum carts. We chose five different items. They were all pretty good. However, many dishes were not warm enough because being on the cart for too long. They also have pan-fried noodles on the cart, which is not typical, at least that is the first time I've seen noodles on a cart in my life. I would guess they are too cold for anyone to enjoy. 

Fear of kept waiting for even longer, we rushed to check out after having the first round of food. The owner explained to us that the slowness is due to the unexpected good business. I thought you should always be prepared when you run a restaurant. 

Overall, the dim sum was actually pretty good, but the dining experience is so underwhelming. I would give Viet Bistro another chance when it is not as busy, hope it will not let me down again. 

* on my first visit, I tried pho. It was okay, not as good as Saigon's. But if you crave for a noodle soup in central Madison, it is a passable place. 

I think they seriously need to downsize its menu. Either focus on dim sum or Vietnamese food, or American Chinese food. There is no way to be a decent restaurant when playing three roles at once.
We ordered egg rolls and a small bowl of pho as a post-dinner snack. After trying both, I was more excited about the egg rolls than I was about our pho. The broth is oily and thin, not collageny, the noodles were soft, not chewy, and the round steak, perhaps not sliced thin enough, was a little tough.

The French press coffees, both iced and hot, with condensed milk were the best versions of Vietnamese coffee I've had in Madison, and I've ordered this everywhere. At a hefty price of $3.50 a mug though, I might be better off making this myself at home. 

Service was nice, if a little detached. The booth I was sitting in was super wobbly when another couple sat down behind me so I had to move to the other side and eat next to my dining companion. Cute or awkward?
Jfyi, this is Kim's Noodle, which moved over from Monona Dr next to Viet Hoa grocery store.

The food is the same, it's hit n miss. Some days it'll taste great, other days it's just blah. The price, however, is WAY overpriced. $12 for a x-large bowl of Pho, which is about the size of a medium anywhere else, which usually costs $6-8. I wouldn't mind as much about that, but the bowls seem to get smaller each time I go there, and they give you less and less. Not only that, but the prices are actually crossed out in pen and you can see the actual price hike.

Service is typical, leaning toward above average but not by far as they've hired a white girl as a hostess. The servers, however, like to think they have perfect memory and never write down our orders, since I usually just go there with my wife so it's just 2 orders usually. She has specific ingredients she's allergic to and 3 out of 5 times now, they got it wrong even after we've gone out of our way to look like a-holes to them by stressing that she cannot eat onions and nuts.

They did start serving Dim Sum now. I haven't tried it yet, but it's nice to have the option.

Location doesn't justify the prices. I assume they think they hit the jackpot in prime location. It's in a newer, wanna-be upper scale plaza next to Panera Bread, Chakra House, and a wannabe fancy nail salon with limited parking. It's also across the street from Bayview apts and a u-haul station. Nothing special, quite a aways from State street.

If you want your vietnamese/pho fix, it's decent. I recommend it over Siagon(west side) any day since Siagon has gone downhill greatly.
At long last, Madison has a place that serves up great dim sum.  I will agree that the service needs to improve, and rapidly, since I can imagine the learning curve to transition from a Vietnamese order at the table to a dim sum cart service restaurant is steep.
Going off past reviews, it's seems they've gotten their act together.  For a place the size of Madison, this was very decent Dim Sum with a good selection of stuff and a lot of promise. I consider myself a competent judge of dim sum having eaten all over this country and in other countries.  Wish this place had been around when I first came here.  I think I may become a regular!
It is confirmed that the restaurant is closed by the owner. However, joe the dim sum chef has been courted to viet hoa in Monona. He has great plans for his kitchen there. Can't wait to review the new location. Goodbye to this location, hello to something new.
Sad to see this place go. I only ate here once, but everyone in our group enjoyed their meals just fine. And that's saying something seeing as two of the people in our party were full out Vietnamese. 

They gave the pho a thumbs up. 

I gave my teriyaki chicken a thumbs up. (I know, I really branched out in my entre choice.)

Only thumbs down is that they're now closed.