Quick review: Family-run breakfast/lunch joint with your typical diner staples.  Quaint and cozy, lots of comfort foods.  Nothing spectacular, though the homemade breads are quite good.  A bit on the pricey side and can fill-up with people quickly, especially on the weekends.

Detailed review:
I've lived near C's for about a year now, and have never stopped-in to check it out.  Folks at work gave mixed reviews - some raved about the place, others gave it a "Meh."  I run past it nearly every morning and they always seem to have a good-sized crowd, especially on Saturdays and Sundays, so I figured it had to be somewhat decent... with that, I treated myself to a breakfast this morning.

I wandered in at around 9:30am on Memorial Day and was pleased to find plenty of seating.  The hostess offered me a table outside, which was a nice bonus - the weather was gorgeous, so I happily took the offer.  I also grabbed one of their complimentary/shared newspapers to read.

A waitress stopped by to ask for my drink order - I went with coffee - and to drop off a menu.  She came back a few minutes later with an acrylic coffee cup and a stainless coffee carafe.  She left to tend to another table; I needed some cream for the coffee... oh well, it was nice and I was happy to continue browsing the menu, sans cream for my coffee.

Breakfast offerings were ordinary: eggs, hashbrowns, pancakes, omelets, skillets, and a couple of extras, like eggs benedict, belgian waffles, and some homemade pastries (turnovers, donuts, muffins, cookies, etc).

The waitress stopped by to ask if I was ready to order - told her I decided on the "Hen's Nest" which consisted of 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and toast.  I also ordered a pancake, and requested some cream for the coffee.  She apologized and immediately brought some half-n-half containers.  We were in business.  

Before leaving to take my order to the kitchen, she asked if I'd like anything in the hashbrowns.  I was pleased!  C's has some specialty hashbrown items on the menu, but I didn't want to order a huge plate of them... so, when the offer surfaced to add onions, peppers, tomatoes, etc to my potatoes, I jumped at the chance.

Food came about 20 minutes later and looked tasty.  The pancake was a lot thinner than I had pictured, but it was quite tasty.  I found myself wishing I had ordered 2.  

The Hen's Nest was just "OK" - the hashbrowns weren't greasy and featured a nice, crispy char,  but the onions and peppers didn't do much for flavor, oddly enough... I found the entire dish to be largely flavorless.  :-(  

The multigrain toast was very good - and was probably the star of the entire meal.  The waitress only stopped by once more - to drop off the check, which was a bit of a shocker as well... $12 for my modest breakfast - $5.99 for the Hen's Nest, $0.89 for adding extras to the hashbrowns, $2.99 for one (1) pancake (!!!), $1.89 for coffee.

Service = 2 stars (nothing great)
Food = 3 stars (average breakfast fare)
Value = 1.5 stars (quite pricey for what it was)
MISC = 3 stars (bakery items looked stellar, nice outdoor patio, very relaxing)

I'd really like to give C's 2.5 stars, but I'm feeling a bit generous so, it's a 3-star "gift" rating.  Had I been in a crankier mood, it would've gone 2-stars... :-)

For what it's worth, I think the Hubbard Avenue Diner has a better overall breakfast, and it's about 1/2 the price.  It'll probably be a while before I visit C's again.
5 stars for food and service. The atmosphere and decor could use some help -- the interior is clean and neat, but dated. The outside/exterior can't be helping business -- if you can get past the stark white exterior walls, the green roof line, and the nondescript sign, you'll be treated to a good, "from scratch" meal that tastes homemade, with excellent/friendly service. This is a great place for breakfast.
So there I was, with a soaking wet tent and on my way to the National Mustard Museum. But hey, hard-core mustard fan as I am, I know better 
than to start the day with all-you-can-sample-mustard, right?

So the BF and I surfed Yelp to find a decent breakfast stop and Lo, right down the street from our campground was C's, so we figured we'd stop in.

Now, it was Father's Day, which we realized when we walked in, cause the place was packed. 

It's pretty much your standard breakfast food, with some specialty bakery fare. Clean, tasty and fairly reasonably priced. It is not a huge place either, but there was PLENTY of waitstaff to keep things moving. 

I had the skillet breakfast, which I was very pleased to find had the option of turkey. (This made me happy, as I like meat at breakfast after a night of rainy camping, but am allergic to pork.) The skillet had turkey, potatoes, onions and green peppers mixed together, with toast and 2 eggs on top. The eggs were perfect, which impressed me, given how crazy busy the place was. I do have one complaint about my food 'tho, the onions, peppers and potatoes were not cooked enough for my taste. In fact, the onions were damn near raw. Luckily, they were finely shredded, so it wasn't too bad, but I take away a star for that .

(BF says his potatoes were underdone too. Not raw, but not quite done enough.)

Waitstaff was very good about keeping coffee filled. And, since it was a bakery, we HAD to at least try a cinnamon roll.  It was a good roll, and they even warmed it up for us. 

I noticed that they had a LOT of baked goods specializing with Strawberry and Rhubarb, which is in season right now. To me that's a good thing, even though I'm not big on rhubarb. Tends to indicate a reliance on seasonal (and hopefully locally grown) produce. 

It being Father's day, they had a special on Steak and Eggs and a fresh berry topped waffle special too. Dads got a HUGE complimentary chocolate-covered strawberry, which I thought was nice.   

Oh yeah, the eggs with Hollendaise sauce looked and smelled really good...
We tried C's for breakfast over the 4th of July weekend. Upon entering, it is obvious that this is a no-frills family-style restaurant. Pretty much gives that "small town" feel, which isn't bad by any means.

Our dishes were standard. Not bad, but nothing great. Service was lackluster, even if it was pretty busy...

This place does look to have an AMAZING baked goods section. Tons of pastries, cookies, and muffins. Plus, all of the breads are made in-house(my darling dear said his toast was top notch).

Next time we stop in, I'll be skipping the menu, and snatching something out of the bakery case.
C's is a FANTASTIC place for breakfast. Family owned, this restaurant makes all the breads, buns, pies, and bakery in house. I had the eggs benedict and was pleased to be given a choice of ham or turkey, but of course I had to try the more traditional ham. I also made my hashbrowns "C's hashbrowns" by adding cheddar cheese and onions. The eggs benedict was delicious, the hollandaise sauce was also homemade and was the best I have ever had and the freshly thick shredded hashbrowns were very tasty and not greasy! C's was busy on this Sunday morning, but the service was quick, friendly, and delightful. C's has quickly become a favorite for Sunday breakfast.
I would love to give this place 4.5, it is very friendly and inviting. They serve fresh baked toasted bread with the breakfast items, try the sourdough or rye. They give you a nice sized portion and they quick, not rushed. 
The place is always busy which is a good sign in my opinion. Ihave never had to wait more then a couple of minutes for a table and if push comes to shove there is a small counter. 
There is seating outdoors for the nicer days and they are constently changing the decorations to the season or athletic event.
I keep coming back and have yet to be disappointed. 
If you like tabasco withyour meal you might want to bring your own as they will bring out a botle but it is the habanero type. It may be to hot for some palettes.
I first heard of C's from a review in 77 Square or some such thing and thought I'd try it.  I've NEVER had a bad dish there.  The bread for french toast is made in the restaurant - not pre-made and heated up, not store made bread, but real home made stuff.  The belguim waffles are fresh - not the frozen-then-heated-up kind.  Egg dishes are wonderful - lots of everything in the omelets, etc.  The staff is really friendly and service, yes, can be a bit slow, but they are ALWAYS hopping!  I give them a break because of that...  I took the bf there for the first time on a Badger football Saturday and now I can't go anywhere else!! : )  Portions are huge (often have a box to go) and as others have mentioned, the bakery is amazing : )  

Ya Gotta Try It!!
If asked a few months ago, I would have given them 4 stars. Their breakfasts are awesome and homemade which is great, but they have a no substitution policy that knocks them down a notch. My husband doesn't eat eggs, and they refuse to give him extra hash browns, or at least take off the price of eggs. But it does have a great environment and they're otherwise friendly.
If you're ever looking for a delicious breakfast on the west side of Madison, this is the place to go. 

My husband and I were saying on the west side, but didn't want to pay the $20 surcharge at our hotel for meh hotel breakfast. Instead, we looked around at our options, and found that C's was highly rated for breakfast, and not too far away. (Best of all, it was about 5 minutes away from our morning destination, I'm Board!)


The first day we came here, we sat outside. (The gramma/farm decor kind of threw me off.) I had the blueberry pancakes with a side of hashbrowns and coffee, and my husband had an omlette with ham, onions, and cheddar & toast. Delicious - I don't know the last time I had such wonderful food when eating out. Even the coffee (and his pepsi!) were great. They hit it out of the park so hard that we decided to come back on Sunday rather than heading downtown to another place for brunch that we found.

Sunday's breakfast, my husband had a repeat of Saturday's, and I had one of their specials - a chocolate/banana muffin, eggs, hashbrowns, and bacon. It was also tasty.

If I had to complain about anything, it'd be that C's is too far away for me to enjoy regularly  :)
Update - this was the fourth or fifth visit to C's over the past few years; my coworkers have a breakfast club where we frequent various places once a month or so.

The breakfast grub is straight-forward, no-nonsense, standard fare. Think: eggs, bacon, hash browns, pancakes, and skillets. Filling and satisfying. The breads remain excellent, as are the bakery items.

I've bumped it up a star from the earlier review because the service has been stellar with our past few visits. The waitstaff is friendly, attentive, and fast. We've never waited for a refill of coffee or water - they're on it right away.
Solid spot for diner breakfast fare in Middleton-- popular with the grandma and grandpa set.  Like all good diners, service is friendly, they keep the coffee cup full, and know how to crank through tables.  They've always been busy when we've been there (weekend mornings) but even when the wait looks long it's less than 10 minutes-- and once you're seated, service is quick.  Breakfasts are definitely of the "this is not healthy for you" variety, but it's good for a treat (I don't know how my kid made it through his cinnamon-swirl pancakes which were topped with the kind of glaze you put on cinnamon rolls, especially after he added syrup to it...)
I was actually a bit disappointed by my latest experience at C's. I've had better. Typically I would give it a 3-star but some of the service wasn't the greatest and my food was cold...

C's is the kind of family-friendly experience that makes it a 3 to 4 star restaurant on a good day, but on this particular day, our primary server was impatient and lacked a customer-first attitude and the quality of food was lacking. However, the service for a never less then half empty coffee mug, was superb. 

I do love the bakery items so couldn't resist the pecan roll, but my egg sandwich with hash browns could have been better. The hash browns were cold and the croissant was dry. The bacon however, crispy, just like I requested.

But, I was with my family, we were tucked in a cozy corner booth, had great conversation and due to the history of this restaurant and the many times I've been there before, it would be a place I would recommend. I guess the day I was there was just an "off day". That happens.
My favorite breakfast place in Madison, without question. Small town diner fare, but they bake their own bread and pastries. Great service and very affordable. I come here as often as I can.
I was the office hero when I used to bring these in.  Their chocolate dipped cake donuts are "The freaking bomb-digadus", as one friend explained.  And their little donut holes... oh.... heaven.  I often would get there when they were still warm and it was like getting warm fries - you just had to eat some on the car.  

They also will also have donuts you may not see other places, which is a nice.  Allows you to go to the same place for monthly donut runs without picking up the same box of donuts each time.  

And did I mention how cheap they are?  SO cheap.  Well, cheap to your wallet, but definately not your waistline.
this is after all a donut shop...and one that has been there for years with many changes in ownership.

Current ownership is very good, quality is excellent, they try hard to keep it clean but it's a very old building.

Donuts are better than Dunkins, women that work there are adorable, coffee is quite good and it's a can't miss.
Note to self - do not write anything but 5 star reviews to a place that you frequent because your picture is attached to profile...

My original review, 3 stars thinking that the 'A-OK' 3-star designation was an affirmation.

Of course I wander in this morning and I am firmly rebuffed...evidently being called adorable isn't good enough nor are all the other positives I mentioned - it's the 3 stars.

So, ignoring the fact that there aren't any outside tables...ignoring the fact that within an hour of direct sunlight, the place heats up unbearably...Ignoring the fact that I sometimes get pan-handled outside...ignoring the fact that I sometimes have to hunt them down for a refill on my coffee...ignoring the infrequent times I've gone there to find them closed because the baker pulled a no-show the night before (less frequent these days)...

The donuts are always good, the coffee is quite good and the women are indeed adorable...a 5 star update.

Now Linda, please, can I get refills?  ;-)
decent donuts but horrible coffee....
I did you a favor.  You can thank me later.  

I have completed an official, side by side comparison and can definitively say that Rainbow Donuts beats that other competitor.  You know, just think double D's.  No, not those kind.  

It took several hours and 4 donuts (okay, 6...gawd!) to reach this conclusion.  By my very scientific and mathematical calculations, that equals about 1500 calories.  Which is why you should thank me.  While you were out strutting your stuff, I was stuck wearing grannie panties and an elastic waistband.  You probably had sex.  I was pretty sure I would never be able to again.

But it was worth it!  Fresh, aromatic and delicious donuts are unbeatable in my book and I can't find anything to complain about here.  The glazed, crème filled, and plain are all delicious and worth the caloric splurge.
Oh, how I LOVE the donuts here!  Seriously, the most amazingly fresh donuts you will ever eat.  I have probably had every single variety offered, and still haven't found one that doesn't meet my donut-snob standard.  My favorites are the pink-frosted sprinkle cake donut, cinnamon crumb in cake and raised form, and the maple bars.  We have called ahead for large orders, which were always perfectly executed.  I only wish that this spot was on my way to work... although I'm gaining weight just thinking about it.  

I'm ONLY taking off a star because their bathroom is seriously disgusting.  Really.  Don't go in there. EVER. 

But, ignoring that downside... this is the BEST donut shop in all of AZ!
If I were to stop and get a donut here..I am not saying I have, just if I did ..I have to say they remind me of the ones I love from So Cal.  They would I am guessing, have that light greasiness combined with sweetness. Probably they are lightly iced .I bet if I went there I would really like an old fashioned one. Just if I went there.
There are seriously some mornings in my house where my family will look at eachother ...say, "Donuts?" and we all magically know that this donut craving can't be satiated by simply Dunkin. Though these mornings are few and far between because my family has more of a convenience over quality attitude, they do occur. 

My mother discovered Rainbow donuts because she works in Phoenix and before Dunkin had its viral takeover of Arizona, it was the only place to get donuts on the way to the office.

As far as donuts go I honestly don't think there's a way that Rainbows donuts could be any better. Maybe if they were covered in diamonds and had reverse calories. Everything they have tastes fresh even if it's bought at closing time. The prices are so cheap that I wonder how they even stay in business. The employees are always super friendly. 

Convert your donut religion to Rainbow donuts today. See the light. Repent!
Love their blueberry cake donuts. Its soft, flavorful, and not too sweet. Too bad that it is only a weekend special, I guess I have to stick to chocolate frost and sugar raised.
The BEST fritters anywhere. Seriously! Apple is my favorite. I used to live in the neighborhood, then a crack-head jumped my wall and tried to steal my bike. I was so over living cheap and we moved. 

But as I sit here in Surprise in suburbia safeness and chain hell, craving a donut this morning, this location of Rainbow donuts is where I wish I could be. 

I also miss the sandwiches/Gyros from the Shell Station at Central and Dunlap-best Gyros too. But, I digress... 

Tried all the various donuts and loved them,but the fritters haunt me- cheap price was a bonus. For $5 we had Saturday morning covered for breakfast. Sigh, missing the donuts...
I'm out of the closet!

Yay!

No more hiding who I really am!

I'm a proud member of the Rainbow Donuts coalition.

It's not a choice...not just a lifestyle selection (although the donut selection is, in fact, quite robust)...no, it's how I am constructed!

OK, actually I'm bi...I enjoy the occasional "breakfast burrito", but if I'm pressed to choose...I'll take the hole and the "Old Fashioned Glazed" that surrounds said hole.

That and a good cuppa.

And that's one of the things that separates Rainbow from the rest...the coffee...outstanding Italian roast, well made and very inexpensive...with enough refills to take a bath in.

And I would bathe in the coffee (and possibly the donut glaze) except for the inevitable "dust-up" that always occurs when I let my impulses run wild and free!

Don't get me wrong...the donuts are terrific and the nice young lady behind the counter was almost as sweet as the apple fritters.

I had a client meeting there this morning (I know, I spare no expense!), and my clients were just as charmed as I was with Rainbow...the great coffee, the terrific donuts and fritters and the pleasant service (not to mention free wi-fi for my meeting) all combine to make Rainbow Donuts a significant step above the rest.

Most of all, it's the place where I can feel free to be my real, authentic self...out, loud and proud!

And growing a little with each fritter.
These donuts are the best ever!   I don't care if they shorten my life 5 minutes...it's worth it!  You can taste every light and creamy, fluffy layer when you bite down into a chocolate long john...with just the right amount of delightful chocolate on top!   Try a buttermilk bar...crispy on the outside lite and tasty in the middle...there are no better in this town!  O boy do I want one right now!
Great donuts.  I think they are just a slight step below BoSa, but they are very good.
Love these donuts! I can never buy just one donut because they all look Sooooo good! Needs a shop in the East valley.
What a great little neighborhood donut shop!

Free Wi-Fi, great cappuccinos, and DONUTS! What else do you need?!

Oh, and they are actually doing Yelp deals! I did my first Yelp deal here, getting a discount on my order for checking in on Yelp!

It's like free donuts! Woot!!
I've been to this location 2 times. While their maple bacon donuts are VERY delicious, both times I have gone to get a Ham and Cheese Croissant. It's right there on their menu-
(http://www.rainbowdonutscafe.com/croissants.html). Yet both times they didn't have any. So this time I asked "Do you still make them", and her response was "Every once in a while". WHAT!?

Note to Rainbow: Don't put something on your menu that you don't regularly serve. 


I won't be heading back even though the maple bacon donuts are yummy.
Yum best donuts in Phoenix.
If I were to ever get hooked on crack... I would want my crack to be these amazing donuts! They are delicious and addicting.
5 stars for the kolaches and the customer service! Sam the co-owner chatted it up with my boyfriend and I while we ate our kolaches at the counter.

My boyfriend is from Texas and knows his Kolaches. We've noticed the sign on the sidewalk and finally made it in. They claim it is the ONLY place dishing out the Texas Kolaches (I'll stand by that claim --we've been looking for Kolaches for awhile now). They serve up spicy sausage, regular, and spicy ham & jalapeno - all served with cheese, yes please. If you have never had a kolache it is similar to a pig-in-a-blanket amped up on yumminess.

They have an espresso machine and many donuts choices. I will be saving that experience for next time. Oh, and I also read someone's review on breakfast burritos - looking forward to that too.

It's an older place that reflects its age. With a little sprucing up it could the cutest and best donut/kolache shop in town!
Two words: Texas Kalaches. Haha! We also tried the Maple Bacon Donut and it was surprisingly good (I couldn't eat a whole one, but its good!). I wish it wasn't so far away, though!
The maple bacon doughnut was tasty, but the cherry fritter blew. my. mind. My iced coffee was decent as well. I anticipate returning to rainbow doughnuts!
I liked Rainbow Donuts.  They had a fair selection of donuts that appeared to be made on the premises.  The coffee was fine.  Not a lot of seating, but the morning I was there most people got take out; so, we didn't have a hard time snagging one of the three booths (there are two are three small tables as well).  They have free Wi Fi which I really appreciated now that I often read the morning news"paper" on a screen.  The service was OK, though I don't think the polite young woman behind the counter had had her coffee yet.  They were out of whipped cream donuts when I got there which was very disappointing, but I enjoyed the ones I had (chocolate chocolate cake, raspberry jelly, half a glazed donut).  I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Phoenix, and I'd get there early to try one of the whipped cream donuts.
This place is pretty good. Definitely beats dunkin and it has almost a cult like following with one of my dental professors. "Students, today we are graced with a special treat. Do not be ashamed to eat these donuts. They stand above the rest." Good? Yes. Enough to make an impact. Not dying to go back right now but then again I just finished eating the following (I probably should not think about eating for a while)

-Glazed french cruller:  best of that variety I have ever had. It completely melted in my mouth. 
-Glazed donut hole: unremarkable
-Sprinkled vanilla cake:  not a fan but I am a yeast girl at heart
-Cherry frosted cake: quite good but never would have guessed was cherry flavored had I not checked the website
-Buttermilk: rich, decadent, dreamy. I had never tried buttermilk before, but if you are looking for a donut that makes an impact, this is it.  

The buttermilk and french cruller would be my go to donuts next round but I want to try more....the apple fritter, raspberry jelly filled...so many donuts, too little time
I came in  on an early Friday morning to buy a dozen and a half of donuts for my co- workers. The man behind the counter found it odd I order such an amountapparently, by the way he repeated my order. In my case 1 dozen would have been too little, 2 dozen too many and I didn't want to waste any. That alrady made me feel uncomfortable. Just fulfill whatever order you get, I am customer. It was my first time here, after many, many drive by's. He asked me what flavors and suggested to make a mix, I didn't have a preference, as I just liked an assortment. Again I was frowned upon. Just give me your bestselling flavors...what's the problem. Well, I guess it was once and never again. The donuts were fresh tasting, but the service was far beyond friendly. To bad, you could have earned a new customer.
I stop by here to get my Texas kolaches ever chance I could, they make it so good with either spicy sausage, regular sausage, or ham& cheese. So so sooooooooooooo good (haven't found any other place that have Texas kolaches).  Their ham&cheese croissant are so darn good also. Lastly, can't forget the donuts. They are all so yummy. Great service also, the young ladies working here is so polite and helpful.
great place, donuts made fresh everyday.  the owners are great, it is the best.
5 stars all of the way!  The cute girl behind the counter recommended the maple bacon donut.  It was interesting and not bad by any means but it wasn't for me.  The apple fritter on the other hand!!!!!    It was amazing.

I recently moved to Phoenix and have been looking for a good donut shop like I had at home.  I haven't even been able to find a good cake donut in this town.  I have been settling for dunkin donuts, safeway or frys crappy selection.

I brought donuts in for the office and they were talked about all day.  I have a feeling I will be stopping by very soon to pick up more office goodies.
Tasty donuts in a convenient location. I've had their coffee rolls and other regular donuts and all of them are good.
It doesn't matter which doughnut(s) you choose, they are all incredible. There is no comparison. Rainbow doughnuts are addicting.
Items selected included:
Blueberry Cake
Buttermilk Cake
Strawberry Raised
Apple Fritter
Chocolate Oreo
Maple Bacon

For their last day in Phoenix I took my mother and aunt to La Grande Orange - easily my favorite spot in The Valley - but being late risers I decided to grab some donuts beforehand just down the street at Rainbow Donuts, an independent branch of the local chain that many claim to make the best donuts in the area.  Opening early - I believe 4am - and at least by 5:15am when I arrived on 12/31 the shop is small and anything but trendy, the only other patrons during my visit a trio of old veterans who apparently meet there daily, but with a friendly staff and an interesting selection of classics and novel options alike I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.

Selecting a half dozen donuts and taking portions of each home it likely comes as no surprise that the warm cake donuts were my favorite - the buttermilk bar literally still dripping glaze - and with the blueberry subtle and light plus the fritter less greasy than the average with a great crunch giving way to cinnamon apples within I enjoyed all three more than those that were raised - the dough a bit less wispy or raised than I prefer and the frosting on both the maple and the strawberry a bit too artificial, though the Oreo option was admittedly quite good as the frosting approximated the flavor of Nestle Quick.
On a whim while missing home, I did a Yelp search for Texas Kolaches and Rainbow Donuts is what I got.  It's not close to my house, being in Phoenix, but luckily, it is close to my new job.  I don't make it up here nearly often enough, but when I do, it's always worth it!  
Not only are they the only place in Phoenix with Texas Kolaches (that sign isn't lying...I can't find them anywhere else), they also have a huge selection of donuts!  
My personal favorites are the spicy sausage kolache and chocolate frosted buttermilk donuts.  I've tried the bacon maple donut, and it was good, but it really needed more bacon (is there such a thing as ever enough bacon?).  Other winners are of course, the sprinkle donut, the cake donuts, and some kind of chocolate cake donut with a honey glaze.  Really, I don't think I've ever had a bad donut here.  
The woman behind the counter is always friendly and patient with me as I take forever deciding what I want (I always go in for 1 or 2 and come out with 6 or 7).  
There are a few Rainbow Donuts sprinkled around town, but they're all independently owned.  I've never tried the others, so just to be safe, you better just come to this one.  :)
Had to introduce our OH-IO group out for our wedding to the Maple Bacon Donuts...AMAZING!!!
My fiance is from Texas and when he moved here to be with me I was so sad that we wouldn't get to have any Kolache's anymore. 

HOWEVER, he is so amazing and found this location. We went less than 24 hours after we heard about it and it was soooooo AMAZING! We will go back and I'm glad I found my Texas favorite in Arizona. :)
Bacon doughnuts, need i say more! At $2 it is well worth it! It's like breakfast in a handy snack. Also regular fresh made doughnuts are only $1! I did my paper here no wifi but there were tables and an outlet. Lots of parking and a bathroom. Closes at 3 or 4pm
Cheap! Delicious donuts! It reminds me of the donut shops they have all over Southern California. My girlfriend got one filled with whipped cream (not custard like a Boston creme, but actual whipped creme). Open from 4am til 7pm! Not fancy and definitely a "sometimes" food choice, but perfect for what it is.
This place was good for a spontaneous donut craving one Sunday morning...I happened by here when another place was closed on Sunday. It wasn't busy and also didn't have as many donut options as I expected. On this particular day, it didn't look anything like some photos I've seen. 

I wanted something creme-filled, but alas -- no luck. I did get a dozen donut holes to go, and yes they were tasty but I was left a little disappointed because I didn't get what I had a taste for.

They have plenty of parking and a counter inside with TV. No complaints about the service.

It may be that they were in the middle of making more donuts or getting some more in. I'll stop by again to give it another chance.
THEY HAVE KOLACHES!!! Delicious, perfect savory kolaches, along with the nicest staff ever! I review on Yelp quite a bit and I am just in love with this little shop. I drive here from Goodyear every weekend. So worth it.
Better than Krispy Kremes sugar-and-air donuts, Dunkin's more cakey donuts, overly greasy grocery store donuts, and Bosa's lower quality. Haven't tried their coffee or other options, so I can't speak to those.

But like some people mentioned, the availability isn't always the best. Those maple-bacon ones are always gone before I can get to them!
Great you just have to get there on Sunday before early church gets out its a great shop and great service will be returning soon
Always fresh, and always a hit when I bring them in to work.  The cream filled donuts are wonderful.
We wandered in while waiting for an oil change down the street. 10am on a drizzly Saturday meant they were cleared out of a lot of donuts, not surprising. We each got a donut and coffee and sat down to eat. Coffee is pretty good here. The teenage girl behind the counter told us she couldn't run the espresso machine, but oh well. My buttermilk donut was pretty yummy. Not sure I would ever come back, but it was good for an impromptu visit.
Two words: maple bacon donut. Go here, you won't regret it. It looks like a cute little diner on the inside, with little barstools & the like.
Eh, this place doesn't make Thai Tea or boba this place isn't really run by REAL Asians boo!
Bacon maple donut is unreal, seriously off the radar. Was in love at first bite then had another. Place is clean and staff super friendly.
So tasty! We went to three Rainbow Donuts locations in one day looking for their famous Maple Bacon donut.  The first two locations didn't have it, but we of course tried some donuts and they are the softest donuts I've ever had, and this was at 11 in the morning, so they'd been sitting a while, and still so soft!  We finally decided on the third place (this location) to see if they had the donut we were looking for.  Her response, "no, but we can make some for you, when will you be here and how many would you like?"  

What??  That's amazing service.  And the donut lived up to the hype completely!  Definitely will return, soft and delicious donuts!
It is dangerous to live this close to a Rainbow donuts. I have been here more times in the last two weeks than I am proud to admit, but I have tried a variety of items:

- bacon maple donut: delicious, amazing, definitely recommend
- apple fritter: incredible, fluffy in the middle, crispy on huge outside, chunks of fresh apple, yum! 
- ham, cheese and jalapeño croissant: sinfully delicious, not too greasy, not overfilled, just right
- spicy sausage and cheese kolache: so tasty! Sausage with great flavor, puffy pastry, gooey cheese - delicious

I would (obviously) recommend any of the items above. Can't wait to try the cherry fritter. :-)

The staff at this location are super friendly.
winchell's is a dying breed. with krispy kreme & dunkin donuts poppin up all over las vegas there aren't many left but the make the largest, freshest and cheapest donuts around. great coffee too! they usually give kids a free donut or some donut holes.
Yeah I know, a commercial establishment which I normally don't visit, however this location deserves a good Yelp! 

Open 24/7, all donuts fresh fried and glazed. 

I walked in and looked at the display rack of fresh donuts, literally saw them glistening with their generous freshly just glazed icing. 

$7.99 for a dozen, well 14 donuts to be exact, not sure if that is standard or just because I walked in with two nice big plump donuts of my own? Anyhow that is a steal for fresh, moist, melt in your mouth donuts at 2am. 

Service is great, I mean really I don't expect mind blowing service from a donut shop, much less at 2am. Also does not take much skill or thrill to fill a box with donuts. 

The gentleman working this particular early morning shift had lots of spunk and vigor. He is one with tons of personality, joking and told me my total was 7 million dollars, you know those funny types. Really refreshing considering he works graveyard! 

Yay Winchell's, (S. Jones location) as I can not speak for the rest as a lot of them are franchise now. 

This location rocks!
This Winchell's location is just ok. Growing up in LA, Winchell's was my donut joint of choice for quite some time, but this one isn't as amazing as the ones I remember back home. 

I usually only end up here after a late night of grubbing down in Chinatown and craving some sweet to balance out the savory. The donuts are ok, but you can tell they don't bake fresh throughout the day. The staff is friendly and there is usually quite a selection, but not the best donut. 

It's good for what it is, but if I'm really craving a good donut, I'll be heading elsewhere.
I went to the Winchell's on N. Decatur.  Not the best part of town so you might want to consider that if going here.  Service was friendly, place was clean.  Hadn't been to a Winchell's in a long time so bought a dozen (yes, their dozen is actually 14 which is nice).  Tried their cinammon buns, didn't like them.  They taste more like apple fritters than cinammon (couldn't taste any cinammon at all ). I'll stick with grocery store cinammon rolls and skip the Winchells.  (they are large, but tasteless and really nor worth all that dough in your stomach!).  Prices are okay.  The other donuts were very "meh" and had a somewhat artificial flavor at times.  They seemed fresh so no complaints there.  I just don't care for winchell's flavors or the "off" taste or aftertaste  some of their stuff has.  These are the kind of donuts that would  be okay as a breaktime treat for  a bunch of hungry workers who need a sugar fix or a  crowd  of little kids who  love to gobble  dough and sugar washed down with Kool-Aid.
Also, if you're on a budget, the prices won't break your bank like at Krispy Kreme (which I far prefer but can no longer afford).  I won't be going back to Winchell's and will continue to look around for a place with the right combination of flavor, variety and price.  But for what it is and the niche it serves, Winchells is good enough...but I've had way better!
Nothing fancy here.  Good array of donuts.  While it wasn't anything special, quality was acceptable, and we got there early in the AM so everything seemed fresh.  Friendly service, even though we were the only people in the store speaking English.  We sat and ate a donut in the clean and bright in-store eating area, then took the rest of the dozen to meet up with family.  Everyone was happy with their donut and no complaints.
Update: This Winchells that I reviewed  on N. Decatur  has now closed and is now Dulce Donuts.    I hope to go over to Dulce Donuts soon and try them.  (the two stars are for the Winchells that was here. I just wanted to update so everyone knows that it is now closed)
Like a crackhead chasing the dragon, they got me on the come back. I find myself coming back for their breakfast bagels. This Winchell's is almost on the way to work, so I've been frequenting this place for a couple of weeks now. 

I ended up going here to pick up some donuts for work because I over slept. I'm really glad my ass was late that day. I get two dozen donuts for the heads at work and I pick up an egg, ham, and cheese in a sesame bagel. Simple and solid. The sesame bagel sets this breakfast sandwich off. I've also tried their chorizo in a sesame bagel.  Also very tasty.

Winchell's still has my favorite donuts and now my favorite breakfast sandwich. 

EYE LIKA!!!
Winchells has the best donuts in my opinion. Theres nothing special about this particular shop. There chillas are my favorite though :)
Yes, I just gave this donut house a five star rating.  Winchell's is benefiting from the wave of nostalgia that came over me when I walked in with my pal Matt after dinner at Wendy's Noodle House.  It was already 8:30pm, but the cases were FULL of fresh donuts.  I remember having Winchell's all the time when I was growing up in SoCal and they were everywhere.  I'm sure I've driven by this one, but never stopped in until tonight.  Matt told me they're open 24 hours, too--curses!  I don't need to know that.  He's just paying me back for telling him that Keebler Grasshopper cookies are the same thing as the Girl Scouts' Thin Mints and can be had year-round.  Now we're even.  Four donuts for $2.99 cannot be beat and the memories that Winchell's brings back are priceless.
The main baker there at night not only keeps a great variety of donuts available, but he is entertaining. It must be hard to works as hard as bakers do and stop what your doing to help people who sometimes take forever to choose (ok ...I'm talking about myself) and still greet them with a smile and even joke about the total at the register.
this place has never been a disappointment. yeah they are just donuts but when they are warm and fresh...fugget-about-the--diet!!
After attempting to purhase a double dozen at Krispy Kreme and they advised  me no glazed due to the machine was broken I headed directly over to this location.

Winchell's donut's are bigger and have more density which I feel tops KK. Anyway, I ended up coming in two mornings back to back for the Winchell's dozen. 

My clients were happy!
These donuts are the best around.  I drive "past" Krispy Kreme almost every time I go to Winchells.  Their donuts are tastier, larger and staff is always friendly.  Next going to try a sandwich, but, will save room for a donut!
Winchells Donuts is the definition of guilty pleasure for me and gets all 5 stars.

Located interestingly in Chinatown, this donut shop is open 24/7. This Winchells keep a great assortment of fresh donuts on hand at all hours of the day. In addition there are some nice breakfast sandwiches, bagels, and coffee based drinks if you are looking for something a little less sweet.

Though it may seem off to comment on the service of a donut shop, the staff working here seems to really enjoy their jobs. The older gentleman working late nights is fun to talk to and has a great attitude towards his customers.

There is really nothing I can complain about, great donuts, friendly service and a convenient location.
I have been to this Winchell's on quite a few occasions since my initial review. I always end up here in the evening when most other donuts in the area are already closed.

The donuts have always been fresh and the service is always so friendly. The guys who work here are so nice, I really have to hand it to them.
Better than DD in my opinion. Only having 1 French crueler left when I get there gets you 3 stars instead of 4.
I like the guys they r always nice and friendly, the donuts are always. Fresh always the best place for a midnight snack.
Smells really good outside of Winchells. Got a half dozen for only $5. Donuts look fresh and delicious. Hope they taste as good as they look.
Wanted some donuts and debated for awhile on where to go. I decided to try this location, and was very satisfied. The donuts were big in size, looked very yummy and tasted delicious. The price was right @$8.99 a doz ( their doz comes with 14) made me even happier, but what was even greater is the excellent customer service. I will certainly make here my only stop for donuts!
I experienced my 1st Krispy Kreme here before it ever made it to the SF Bay Area.  That trip, I ended up bringing some back on the plane, and everyone was jealous.  It's always good....even though it's a major sugar rush.  The glazed raised doughnuts cannot be matched.  What can be better?  A side of free WIFI, that's what!
Best donuts ever (don't even try to argue that Dunkin Donuts is better).  But due to health reasons, I eat maybe 2 a year.  My wife on the other hand can eat up to 4 in one sitting.  Its great that this place gives free samples so often when you go in to buy them as opposed to drive through.

The staff even gave my wife a discount on donuts a few times cuz they thought she was hot.  She once got 4 donuts and only got charged 75 cents and then another time they just threw in 2 extra hot originals in her bag!!  Crazy!!
the smell makes you want to buy one of everything.fresh at anytime of the day.great coffee great selection of yummy hot donuts
Original Glazed Donut- THE BEST DONUT EVER!!!
Who doesn't like classic glazed donuts fresh and hot!

Krispy Kreme is a great donut place and a nice change from any other.  Although there are a few local donut shoppes that are really good and slightly better, you can't go wrong with the classic donut from this place.  As for the people who gave one star based on the donuts being cold, most donut shops serve their donuts "cold", so I'm not sure what the problem is.  This place is different because they make original glazed donuts nice and hot every hour, and when you see their sign turn on, get in line.

It's great for late at night or a quick dessert, in my opinion.  I'm not saying that I'm a fan by giving 4 stars, but they are better than A-OK.  If I could give 3.5 stars I would.
There come times in everyone's life when you simply must have a doughnut.  While I normally try to eat healthy foods, sweet pastries are one of my weaknesses. I may be able to suppress the desire for months at a time, but sooner or later I cave in to the temptation.

Among my very occasional guilty pleasures, I count the original glazed, and chocolate-iced glazed doughnuts from Krispy Kreme.  Served fresh and warm, they are so soft that your fingers sink into the doughy pastry as you pull off a bite, and the sticky sugar-glaze melts in your mouth.

It's probably not possible to make a truly healthy doughnut, but Krispy Kreme has at least taken steps to make they're delicious doughnuts less unhealthy, and they've done this without compromising the taste.  Namely, Krispy Kreme has reduced the amount of trans fat in all their doughnuts to half a gram or less, which (per U.S. FDA guidelines) allows them to advertise the doughnuts as having 0 grams of trans fat.  However, bear in mind that if you have two or three doughnuts in one sitting, you're probably consuming at least a gram of trans fat, and you should know that's not healthy!  

If I rated Krispy Kreme on taste alone, I would give it five stars.  But I'm going to treat doughnut shops the same way I treat a fast-food burger joint.  Because both types of establishments have limitations on the quality of their atmosphere, service, and nutritional content, my highest rating is four stars.  So that's what my favorite doughnut shop gets.
I think that the donuts are A-OK when they are the prepped one. Though some flavors are good, many are very sweet and I can only have a bit before it's too much. I still think they're better quality in general than the other donut chains. 

I'm a fan though because nothing will make me act like a little kid than being handed a hot glazed donut. It's like crack addictive. 

Came for a work meeting....and I threw open the box to get them hands around hot donuts....no hot leftovers....how I didnt buy one more hot one is shocking. It's just a different texture, pillowy, chewy donut and the glaze just melts in the mouth since it's still not solid. 

Look for the making hot glazed donut now sign and go see what I mean.
I have been deprived of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts for most of my life.

For the 20+ years that I lived in Hawaii, there was no Krispy Kreme location on Oahu. The only time I could eat these awesome doughnuts was during my rare vacations in California. I would say maybe a year or so before I moved to the OC, they finally opened a location on the islands! How exciting right? But it was on Maui, booo!! There were stores around town who sold Krispy Kreme that has been flown in, but seriously, it's just not the same!  So then I move to the OC, and of course there is no location in my city! The nearest one is about 9 miles away. *sigh* I have no other choice but the Donut Star that is near us.

Anyway, I just have to stop here at least once whenever we are in Vegas. Who doesn't love their hot and fluffy original glazed doughnuts that practically melt in your mouth? The employees here always have a smile on their face, gotta love it when the "Hot Now" sign is on and they hand you a free doughnut! It's also fun to walk in and see everything being made. They really are THE BEST!!
In the words of Homer Simpson..."mmMMMMmmm!  Doughnuts!!  aAARR!"

We just picked up some hot, fresh-off-the-line doughnuts at Krispy Kreme in Chinatown - dessert for the keiki!  What made it more special this time around was that they had some of their tasty treats decorated in the spirit of the holiday, Halloween!  BOO!  As always, we bought a dozen so the kids can devour them over the weekend with a few of their friends coming over tomorrow - makes for a perfect snack!

I don't know how many of you may know this, but the Krispy Kreme on Spring Mountain is also one of their doughnut factories (not all KK locations are tied to their factories here in LV).  When you see their HOT neon LIGHT on, it means that their Original Glazed doughnuts are hot off the belts!  We try to make it there around the time they have their HOT LIGHT on!  They offer a freshly made, warm, melt-in-your-mouth Original Glazed straight off the belt...FREE!  Well, it's free if you are purchasing something.  What a treat, right?!?  So far, we've known them to make fresh ones right around 11am and 5pm; I could be wrong though (about the time).

So, for anyone interested in going in to a Krispy Kreme to see, or taste, what all the hype is about, visit when the HOT LIGHT in ON!  You will be able to sample one of the most tempting, sumptuous treats your mouth has ever experienced!  I know all you Hawaii people looking to get their Krispy Kreme fix on will be there!!!  Don't forget to bring your dozens back home to your family!
not sure why I'm doing this......  Everyone knows Krispy Kreme Doughnuts are the King....    but anyway.....  as soon as you walk in, you see all this machinery....  then see the racks of doughnuts just waiting to be automatically deep-fried, and as you walk up to the counter to pick out a doughnut (or 2), an employee behind the counter asks if you would like a free sample, and reaches behind her, grabs a fresh, hot doughnut which had just got glazed about 30 seconds before, and hands it to you,  then you take the first bite, and let it MELT in your mouth......  and you are HOOKED.   "I'll take a dozen, please"....   THEN you see that they offer more than just the plain donuts......   the hardest time you will have is to pick out which one(s) you want.  Then working it off the rest of the week.  :)
Drove around 30 trying to get some doughnuts found this place and my wife asked if they had sugar free doughnuts , the lady told us we had the wrong place in a hella rude attitude...
I am quite pleased that there is still one around at this point. In San Diego, they were all converted to Chic-Fil-A (however we don't have one of those here and they are the bomb). We used the drive-thru which was speedy but when I got the the picture covered drive-thru they did not have the Glazed Kreme filled listed as one of the choices. I asked the guy in the drive thru speaker if they had any and he said no. I asked if they had been discontinued, but he didn't respond. He then came back and asked how many I wanted, and I asked how many he really had. He responded 4, and we took all four. I am not sure why they told us that they didn't have any, or why its not on the sign anymore but in the end, I got my fave donut.
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts are the best, and I am telling you right now, you need to go when the red fresh light is on, because when you get a glazed that just rolled off the belt I Kidd you not, it will literally melt in your mouth! Krispy Kreme Kleans the Kompetition!
I picked up the double dozen pack for some clients I was going to visit. 

This location is on the west side of town, the drive thru and accepting plastic makes this KK super convenient. I didn't eat a KK doughnut that day and I really don't care for the glazed BC of the overly sweet taste. 

When I do have a KK glazed doughnut, I prefer the doughnut piping hot and I need a cup of coffee to chase it.

My customers enjoy KK Donuts so I'll return here again for sure.
Original glazed fresh out of the oven is my fav!

This location has friendly staff and area is relatively clean. I've been here 2-3 times and all those times they were making the fresh doughnuts... so either I'm lucky or they make a new batch every hour or so. 

Sometimes there are coupons that give buy one dozen get the second dozen free.
Love this place when I'm in the mood for some donuts. I'll be honest here, I'm not a big fan of sweets, but boy do I like me some fresh warm cooked donuts when I have a sweet tooth. I like the idea how they have a little observation area where you can watch the employees (or should I say machine) make the donuts and watch the employees pick out the fresh donuts.

I will never buy donuts anywhere else besides this place. Gotta have the known glaze donuts every time I come here. Not much of a chocolate or sprinkles fan, but my son sure loves all those different toppings on e'm.

NOTE: Don't for get the milk!
Good donuts, fresh, always a treat to pick up a dozen or so to share with co-workers.  We first moved to Vegas, it was fun trying the different donut shops, now that we have been here a while, Krispy Kreme has stayed fresh.
This was my favorite donut place. It has changed. I suggested to a few friends today to stop here for a little afternoon snacks. I felt a little embarrassed after wards.

The price went up. The place is a little rundown. The service was just bearable. The worst thing was the donuts somehow does not taste as good as before.

I don't think I would come back here again unless I am desperate.
Sinfully delicious. Friendly service. Clean place. Love the free samples.
Don't order the watered down hot cocoa.
What's not to love about Krispy Kreme Doughnuts? This place has the doughnut maker so I was able to request for a doughnut right off the press! OMG... it was so soft and chewy! I loved every bite! The workers were friendly too! Too bad I live so far away!
WHAT?!!  Sour cream glazed is back?  ZOMG.   And Pumpkin SPICE?  And they were fresh as they should be.

So I lived in Winston-Salem where Krispy Kreme HQ is and I can tell you that there are a few things that are amiss here.  First, there should have been napkins given at the drive-thru window.   Who the hell eats donuts with no napkins.  Second, the price in Vegas is like $2 more for a dozen than in Winston-Salem.  So I question whether or not that's an excise fee because the ingredients have to travel further?   I would imagine that the prices should be the same everywhere, but I guess not.  In any case, that did throw me off a little.

Overall, Southerners know that Krispy Kreme is king when it comes to donut chains.  Unless you happen to be a Yankee and then you'll love that Dunkin/Winchell's.

This establishment is okay but then again I don't really go into places if I can drive through them.  Wait.... that didn't sound right.
The best donuts in the biz, bish.
They are always one of my top 10 dessert:) 24/7!!!!
I really have mixed feelings on this Krispy cream. 

I would have given it four stars but I just went back a day later and received horrible service. A two star at that.

The first visit was wonderful. The young gentlemen explained all the favors, pricing and let us even sample a couple options. It was my first visit to a Krispy Kreme (I know, crazy!) and he was really awesome and even gave my friend, daughter and I Krispy Kreme hats. That was really the cherry on top. When I got home I saw he gave me a free donut. Score!

The donuts were delicious and sugar inducing coma status for sure.

The next days go back and it took 10 minutes for any employees to even help us. I guess drive thru comes first. By the time they helped me there was a line with three others behind me. 

Next the lady was rude and u had to keep explaining which ones I wanted. She kept picking wrong ones even though I said the name correctly. 

Lastly when I went to check out she said it came to six bucks. I gave er my debit card and she charged my 60 bucks! She didn't even tell me she made a mistake and instead just stood their dumb founded and then went to the manager. They took forever to reverse it and then said the money would be back in my account in 7 to 10 days. Um wtf. I just don't get how someone makes that type of mistake. Tey never even said sorry or anything. 

This experience makes me uneasy about coming back here
So the BF decided to take my daughter and I for some fresh Krispy Kreme donuts after our St Patrick's Day 5k run last Saturday.  I know - totally defeating the purpose of a 5k run but what the heck.  Noone can believe I have never been there prior to now.  As I am not a donut girl, I was more in the mood for a bagel but decided to roll with it for this time as there was this special donut I was to be introduced to- says my BF.  Hmm.  I'm so intrigued.

As we walk in, there is a family ahead of us and immediately the lady behind the counter offers us a sample.  To me a sample is a BITE Krispy Kreme!  A BITE!  No I was handed this warm, soft, sweet, right out of the oven goodness.....mind you it was not a bite it was a whole glazed donut!  Wow what the heck now??  Eat it and leave?  No....do the right thing....order what you came here for. LOL  By now the 300+ calories I just lost by running just added that back and then some....and then out of pure nice obligation I ordered a cinnamon roll.  Tear. Guilt.  Pleasure.  As we devoured (I didnt eat the whole thing btw) the 2nd round of donuts I must say that I was quite impressed with this melt in your mouth breakfast (I guess thats what you call it). haha

The people working were very nice and helpful. How could you not be nice and sweet when you put smile on people's faces every day.  The place was clean other than the floors were super sticky....I guess that goes with the sticky sweet donuts or its just their ploy to keep you stuck there. 

While I am not a sweets girl and would much prefer a bagel, I would have to say it was the best dern donut I ever had!  There you go!  We wont be making this a 5k race tradition...just sayin.
We had fun here tonight. My Significant Other has never been at a Krispy Kreme manufacturing store so we had a good time watching the dough travel through the stages of production.  We started joking about the mistakes- the blobs that weren't properly shaped, the dough that didn't brown on both sides, etc.  One of the employees saw us and came out to join us. He was so funny, and very knowledgeable about his work. He said it takes 41 minutes to make a doughnut, and described some of the process. It's great to know your food is being made by such an enthusiastic and positive person! He made our day.

Oh, and the doughnuts are HEAVEN.
Yes, I sniffed out a KK in Vegas!

There must be crack sprinkled in their donuts because they're so addicting! Luckily, the nearest one is about 20-30 mins away from where I live, so I don't/can't go there as often as my cravings would like to. It's kremey krack!  

One of my favs is the oreo creme one (NOT the cake one). The oreo cake one is just like a donut made out of cake. I ordered that one on accident.  
Oops! 

It's unfortunate (fortunate for my gut) that there's no more kk's in the valley like there used to be or else I'd be a big fat fattie!
I drove though to pick up the double dozen for a client and they advised me the machine was broken so they had no glazed donuts. How is this possible and how did the make the other donuts?

Ended up driving straight to Winchell's.
Well I'm just a fan of Krispy Kreme though I don't remember the last time I've had some prior to this visit.  Back in the day, this is a true story, after our stay in Vegas we would order boxes of Krisy Kreme and carry-on them on the plane back to Hawaii.  I'm sure we weren't the only ones who did this especially if there wasn't a Krispy Kreme there. So what's the funniest thing you've carried on to the plane when vacationing?

I use to like watching them make the doughnuts and seeing how cool it was going through the whole process from dough to my mouth.  Today I picked up a dozen of the fresh warm original glazed doughnuts. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/krispy-kreme-doughnuts-las-vegas-9?select=qxUOgM4Ou5jQfX7cFMJR0Q#nqByqzZcVfHQXmiOqn5dRQ You can never go wrong with the good stuff.  The girl there even hooked me up with one extra doughnut to eat right there.  I inhaled it before I even got rang up.  What's better than having coffee and doughnuts on a nice morning in Vegas. 

Don't forget to pick up and use your buy any 10 dozen doughnuts get one dozen original glazed free.  She gave me 2 hole punches instead of 1 AWESOME.
I soooooo LOVE Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, such a HUGE fan!!!! And seriously,....I may sound like a pig, but c'mon,...I can't eat just one I have to eat like 4, with my coffee of course.  :-)
Right on the money! Service was fast and friendly, and the donuts were fresh and tasty. What more could you want?
Bad customer service refer to my tip from today.
Third visit the same young girl didn't offer the free sample. Yet after buying a doughnut and coffee I sat there and watched the next 9 people get handed (not even asked) a free sample by the nice older black woman that works there. Customer service is in the eye of the beholder.  In this case one has it.   The other will loose business for this location because it is strike 3 for me.  I am not the type to make a public scene and call attention to it over such a matter. But I am the type that  won't go back.  I will take my business elsewhere.   The workers there need consistent work policies to avoid offending customers.  But how can you complain about something conceivably free. Hmmmm.
Original glazed!!! Need I say more?? I usually go to KK during its peak hour. Because these donuts are so much better when they are fresh off the conveyor belt. Its like perfect combination of dough, sugar, and warm oil. 

Sometimes I imagine myself going through the tiny cascade of donut glazer, lying supine on that conveyor belt and get covered. Except the frying part. Of course. Only donuts should be fried. 

I've noticed about bad service in previous reviews. I am like who cares, give me a free sample and take my money already!!
I'm not a huge doughnut fan but friends of mine are. We winged in for a box to go and everybody liked them. I thought they were OK and would've dropped 3 stars on KK but the girls were really friendly and deserved a bump up.
Woohoo! As good as it gets! I wish I could get it everyday!
I waited at the counter for 6 minutes alone, all alone. 4...yes 4 workers looked at me, one said hi and yet no one asked if I'd been helped. No one bothered to take my order. 

Finally after saying, "excuse me" twice the drive thru lady came to help. It took about 4 more minutes to get to the paying point because she was sooooo overwhelmed by myself and one drive thru car that she couldn't even focus. I ordered one donut. It's not that hard. 

The two stars are because I love those damn glazed chocolate things.
There are doughnuts and then there is Krispy Kreme. There are times I just want a doughnut and times I want a Krispy Kreme doughnut. And lately, it has been the latter. Something about a hot glaze doughnut just brings a smile to your face. While they are not as cheap as your local doughnut shop, the airy goodness inside of them makes up for the difference. Plus with the seasonal Christmas doughnuts they tend to have, it just makes it all that much better. 

Fortunately for me, I can only put down two to three of these before I want to run the other way. Something about how sweet they are I guess.
I love love love krispy Kreme doughnuts, especially when you enter and take a sniff of the freshly baked doughnuts they are making and then they hand you a free original glazed.  Yummmy! 

I love their chocolate glazed doughnut, it is my favorite! I dislike their red velvet doughnut! I had to try it out at least once and it wasn't a hit for me.  

Overall, great tasting doughnuts and fast service.  What more can you ask for? :)
I'm a fan of Krispy Kreme and its sweet glazed goodness.  BUT I had to deduct stars because they gave me an incomplete order.  

My mom went in the other day ordering  a dozen varied donuts, but asked for the dozen to be split into two boxes (with six donuts each).  One box was for us, and the other was for a friend.  We ate one on the way because we couldn't resist the temptation.  When we got to our friend's house with the other untouched box, there were two donuts missing!  We couldn't even go and grab our box to switch it because we had already eaten one.  It was so embarrassing to bring a spacious box with four donuts (that should have been six!) to their house as a treat.  It made my mom and I look like we had eaten the two, and just gave them the rest.

Not cool, Krispy Kreme.  Maybe it was our fault for not double checking before we left, but we trusted them to place the 12 donuts we paid for into the boxes. :(
Only putting ONE star because that Asian blonde girl totally turned me off!!! But I love their donuts! I came here with my friend to get the buy one dozen, get one free promotion for the Hero Appreciation thingy. My friend ordered hers first, then it was supposed to be ME, and THEN this guy who walked in AFTER! But nooooo! The girl totally blew me off and took the guy's order instead! Like, you see me in line ALREADY and I'm right in front of the counter! Like I've been there!!!! Wtf?! So I didn't wanna order anymore & just left without getting my donuts! Ugh!
Typical chain doughnut store.  Very similar to Dunkin Donuts.  Average service and selection.  Since I've been to an original KK, this place is a little bit of a let down.  They do have the "fresh" light, letting you know when the doughnuts are piping hot off the line!  If you are looking for more creative and tasty morsels...try Pink Box or AJ's.
A month long birthday extravaganza always means extreme indulging. My boyfriend and I were hurting from the night before, so a Krispy Kreme doughnut was just the exact thing we needed. 

What better way to grab doughnuts when you're hungover than through a drive thru! So genius. 

Of course we ordered an original glazed, it's the best one there! Plus we were feeling a little wild so we also tried the chocolate with custard filling and the chocolate glazed. 

The doughnuts were still warm in the box! We ate them immediately (you kind of have to). The chocolate ones were just not my thing, also the custard was tasty, but still not my thing. The original wins them all! It's seriously the best thing ever. Next time i'm going to order 4 to myself, it's way too good to share. 

We also ordered a large iced vanilla latte (which looked like a medium). It was alright, the coffee flavor isn't strong and prominent like I would prefer. Also, the vanilla flavor was nonexistent. It was very light, milky and great for those who don't like a strong coffee flavor.
I have always been crazy about this location. It's a sweet deal...you get to buy these sweet lil bites of joy. And what u spend won't break your bank. And if u take them home they last like 3 to 4 days. I enjoy mine with ice cold milk. This place is always clean. The people who work here always have a smile on their face.
I was driving the other day to get on the I-17 and noticed the closed cafe was reopening as a Rainbow Donuts. Cool except I really could care less about the donuts. 

I drove by today to see that they have opened and they have lunch. That is a good sign. 

I pop in and see the guy who ran the last deli and his co-worker, ?maybe he reinvented himself? No He was brought in with the new owners. That is cool! 

I ask for a suggestion and he tells me the Italian Job is good. It has ham, salami, pepperoni, provolone, lettuce, tomato, olives, and peppercini's with an Italian dressing on a sourdough. Served with a side of chips, potato salad, pickle or donut. lol 

I opt for the 1/2 sand and chili with the donut as the side. lol 

The sand was great and I don't like olives, the chili was homemade and meaty. The donut was superb. 

They have donuts, pastries, pancakes, scrambles, omelette's, combos, sandwiches, and create your own breakfasts. 

For lunch they have 7 cold, 5 hot, 4 wraps and a create your own. They also have salads, soups, and burgers. 

For kids they have PB&J or Grilled Cheese and several snack things like pretzel, quesidilla, nachos, hotdogs etc. 

They also have coffee and teas of course. 

I am looking forward to trying more of their creations. Maybe I can get them to cook a real burger.....hmmm
Today was one of those days... I went to Anthem for nothing and was a little pissed. So I stopped by Rainbow to get some good food, because eating makes me happy. 

I had the 2 chili and cheese hotdogs. There was nothing skimpy about this dish. It was two huge dogs and a ton of homemade chili, topped with a cheese sauce. YUM. 

I had the potato salad as a side, it is a mix of potato, onion, black olive, and eggs. The ps was dry and a little boring. BUT at least it was homemade. 

The cafe is clean and inviting, they have a couple of comfy chairs and a tv to watch and chill. They are open 7 days a week right now, but Sundays are really slow.
Solid 4.5 right now. 

Everything i have had has been really really good. 

Today I had a bagel with ham, sprouts, bacon, Swiss and pickles. It was awesome. 

I opted for the donut as a side since they offer. 

YUMMY!
I had a egg, and sausage sandwhich the other day. It was very good. Served with donut holes.
Imagine this... grilled pastrami, on golden grilled whole grain with spicy mustard and slice of Swiss cheese. YUMMY

Lil donut holes for dessert....
Good place, good food, killer prices, small inside, New England Coffee (Heritage of Taste, i believe?) reasonably quick, GREAT DONUTS.
OK Rainbow Donuts has now become Rainbow Donuts and Ninja Bowl. 

They are changing the "deli style" lunches to rice bowl, wraps types. NO I AM NOT JOKING
 I had the Ninja bowl with Chicken Spicy. It was grilled chicken and Jalapenos over rice with teriyaki sauce. It was great. 

They still have the donuts, coffee and great service.
Let me just say that I'm no stranger to donuts and these donuts at Rainbow Donuts Bakery are fantaaaaaaaastic!  I'm not a sweet tooth guy but I inhaled 3 of these in a day and had to give the rest to my friends otherwise I would have eaten the whole dozen.

Like Daren C said - they serve rice bowl meals too and I had the curry one and my friend had the spicy chicken (i think it was the spicy chicken).  Both were full of flavor and served really hot because the owner cooks everything to order.  No microwave stuff here!  

I would totally recommend going back to this place to grab a value lunch and probably the best damn donuts on the north side of town.  

Yes, they are better than Dunkin Donuts.
I love this place, sure its kinda creepy and in the middle of an odd office complex but DAMN those donut holes chocolate cake not the glazed ones are good!  Not to mention the NINJA BOWLS!!  Good God get the Sizzling ninja, top that off with a fried egg, and pineapple, get healthy with some brown rice and white chicken and then DRENCH that bowl with NINJA SAUCE AND SRIRACHA (which comes standard btw) AMAZING! Don't waste your life away without having one of these ninja bowls at this donut shop, i never thought i would be able to say that statement with a straight face but i did!  And for those wondering they don't serve pirates (some will understand this fact)  Also if you come back a few times they might throw some free donut holes at YOUR FACE LIKE NINJA STARS!!  I joke they don't throw them but you may get some for free (really though)!
I almost passed up this gem while picking someone up from getting their car worked on in a shop right across from Rainbow Donuts... yes it is in an odd location, but do not let that deter you! I swear, I think my donut radar was going off because it was early in the morning and I caught the slightest glimpse of the word DONUTS...actually I only saw the D & the O and just went from there. So I busted out my handy Yelp app and found out this place had a couple of 5 star ratings - yes!

The nice lady behind the counter informed me that I had just missed the huge morning rush so all of the "good" donuts may be taken... fortunately, I'm a plain glazed donut kind of chick. You can get a dozen of the donut holes for a buck and some change so I grabbed a couple of those, some coffee, and I was good to go! 

Good donuts and awesome price. Next time I stop by...Ninja Bowl, I'm coming for you!
Love their blueberry cake donuts. Its soft, flavorful, and not too sweet. Too bad that it is only a weekend special, I guess I have to stick to chocolate frost and sugar raised.
Chipotle bowl has just the right amount of spice and just the right amount of sweet....

I swear the donut has some crack or something. They just hit the spot. 

Great service, clean location, simple good food.
Rainbow donut/Ninja Bowl/Bobbys cafe this place gets better and better. 

Sam the owner of Rainbow and Ninja sold to Claudia and Bobby, who in addition to keeping the donuts and rice bowls are going to do cafe style food too. 

I had BBQ pork on a toasted hoagie roll. The meat was smoked and tender, served with chips and a drink for $7.95 NOT BAD AT ALL.

I am told they will have Broasted Chicken...never had it, but heard good things. I know some yelpers were asking about it awhile ago. 

She also piqued my interest with a homemade green chili.... mmmm
I have seen this place quite often when I would get sugaring & facials done by my girl Jenny, who had a space in the same complex. I saw her after I got off work though & they were always closed by then. Well today I decided to make the trip over there for a to go lunch order.

When I walked in there was only 1 group of people at a table, a large group though of about 7. There was an older couple at the front who I later found out are the new owners, very sweet people. I ordered a small white ninja bowl for myself & a large for my husband. My hubs also wanted a cheese quesadilla but unfortunately they did not have them, I was also wanting a croissant but unfortunately they were all out. Double bummer! I saw the few donuts they had left & got a half dozen. 

The bowls were yummy, we both loved the sauce & the chicken was delicious. The donuts were freaking amazing! I got 6 different kinds & we split the glazed & cinnamon crumb, can't wait to try the others! For the small & large bowls & a half dozen donuts the total came to $17 & some change, a lil pricey but reasonable. We will definitely return!
Broasted Chicken is AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING!!!  

If you have never had it go get some stat.  It is the juiciest fried chicken I have ever had and the scary thing is that this place is like 2 miles from my work.  

5/5 stars and a breast, thigh, and potato wedges with a soda for $5.55 great deal as well.
Bobby C's is gaining some clients. They were OUT of donuts today around 12:30. Good thing they are open tomorrow. LOL

I forget to take pictures but I had a great Philly here 2x already. It is a large soft hoagie roll loaded with chopped ribeye and onion, red and green pepers and swiss. I top mine with sriracha. Hits the spot!

I have tried to get Yelp to group all the names of this place into one but still have no response. Rainbow Donuts, Ninja Bowl, is actually Bobby C's. 

Also they no longer serve the Broasted chicken, there was not enough demand. :(
I have driven past this place for years and after moving far away decided now I should try it. I'm dumb....for waiting. 

I went for donuts and barley accomplished my mission. They were pretty much cleared out at 8:00am. Here is the thing...if you are out by 8:00am then you should get more! You are missing out on business from the late risers. If they know you won't have any, then they will not go at all. 

Not my favorite choices but good non the less. They were sweet and fluffy and num a num. Plus I got a dozen for $8.75 ish. 

We got the following

Glazed 
Chocolate glazed
Jelly filled
Bavarian Cream filled - One of the better I have had. 
Maple long john
Giant Bear Claw filled with an apple filling - I didn't care for it but everyone else loved it. The bear claws are giant and count as 2 donuts. 

The man at the counter was so genuinely nice! He was the best part of the experience. Super duper friendly! I can't wait to go back and try the regular food they have. I bet it's delicious and I will then probably bump up my star rating. 

I hope this helps!
Ever heard the saying "Jack of all trades, master of none".  
Its a donut shop, its a deli, its a cafe, its a family restaurant, its an Asian fast food place...well, we found out differently

We were looking for something different for lunch so turned to Yelp and decided to try the "Ninja Bowl".  Then found there is no place with this name.  No street sign, no door marker legend, no mailbox.  Nothing.  We had to do some hunting and asking (I hate asking) and found out the truth.  There are four names on Yelp for the same address and same location:
1) Ninja Bowl
http://www.yelp.com/biz/ninja-bowl-phoenix
aka
2) Rainbow Donuts Bakery & Cafe
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-bakery-and-cafe-phoenix
aka
3) Rainbow Donuts & Deli
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-and-deli-phoenix
aka
4) Bobby C's Cafe
http://www.yelp.com/biz/bobby-cs-cafe-phoenix

All the same address, phone number and location.  I charged it on my Credit Card and it showed up on my bill as Bobby C's Cafe.

Had a terrible time finding it and while I only tried the Sizzling bowl the cost of $8.90 for rice, finely chopped chicken and gluten spicey sauce plus small soda doesn't warrant another visit.
This is the first drive-only location i have ever seen. It is right across from the JC Penny at Paradise Valley Mall. It does have a couple of benches you can sit on outside to enjoy your doughnuts...and it is very quick and easy to drive thru and get your doughnuts. However with all that being said...a dozen doughnuts cost 9.18 yes...nine dollars and 18 cents...that is ridiculous. The doughnuts are good...but definitely now worth nine dollars and 18 cents (yes i am repeating it again...lol). If however your near PVM and need some good doughnuts this is your place if you willing to pay the price for them. Eat, Drink and be Merry my friends!!!!
Hubby and I stopped by the other night to grab some donuts for dessert. Spending $1 a donut isn't a great deal, but Krispy Kreme sells the best donuts we've found since moving to Arizona! YUM YUM!
Well after 14 check-ins here and many other times I forget to check in...LOL...I regret to tell everyone this location has CLOSED. I don't know what happened but I noticed everything gone out of the building and off the building as well....last week. This locale will be missed.....and I don't know how long it will be before I have another Krispy Creme doughnut.......:((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Just check out the Rainbow Donuts reviews. These people are cool. 

The ninja bowls are perfect in flavor, size and variety. I have had the one with Jalapenos, it was hot and good. I had the one with bacon, the greasy bowl... it was good and I have had the regular one large and it was good. I like these better then Samurai Sam's. I think it is the freshly grilled chicken, I don't know.
So after reading Daren's review and the others on Rainbow Donuts Yelp page I decided today was the day to finally check this place out.  

My friend and I went for lunch and we both really liked it.  She had the Chipotle bowl and I had the Sizzling bowl.  They both had a good amount of spice.  The bowls weren't too greasy and the chicken was cooked very well.  

I love teriyaki coming from Seattle and this place is a good one here in Phoenix.  The building isn't in a great location but don't let that worry you the food inside is warm and safe.  :)
holy cow...

chipotle bowl was hot! I got the large and man was there plenty of meat and rice. 

I did need a sweet donut after eating the hotness of the rice bowl.
So I read the other two reviews and thought that a chicken bowl would be the perfect portion for lunch today. I also chose to get the Sizzling bowl cause I like a little spice in my life. First off it is a little hard to find since it is inside of the Rainbow Doughnut place. Look for the flag on Deervalley. I stood in line behind a guy from a local catering place. That alone tells me not to go to that caterer. But also that the food must be good. Im halfway through my bowl as I write this and wiping the sweat from my brow. It is the perfect amount of heat and the teriyaki flavor comes through just fine. Its cheap, and delicious. I will be back for more.
I had the Sizzling ninja bowl, which was awesomely hot and mighty good.  It had jalapeno and siracha sauce, which goes perfectly together with the ninja teriyaki sauce.  Oh, their donuts is the best in town too.  Hot girls serving you is a plus also.
My co-workers pretty much had to drag me here, as I'm always skeptical of smaller asian places. I was even more put off by the fact that it's located IN A DONUT SHOP. Got some kind of chicken teryaki bowl with bacon and a fried egg on it. It wasn't amazing but they definitely get points for creativity. Will be back in the future!
First of all... I immediately wanted to go to this place because of the name... which sadly they changed to Bobby C's Cafe.

Second... who doesn't like a good rice bowl?  They have these MASSIVE rice bowls of different chicken and spiciness... it's AWESOME.  And they are cheap!!!

I got the black ninja the first round... good if you like dark meat.  Second go round I got the good ninja... even better if you ask me.

The couple that runs the place are so sweet... and they remembered me the second time I came in. (doesn't help that I came in twice that week...heh)

Check it out... it is kind of hard to find.  They are in a business center looking area, but they are right on the corner up against Deer Valley with a massive orange sign.
Ever heard the saying "Jack of all trades, master of none".  
Its a donut shop, its a deli, its a cafe, its a family restaurant, its an Asian fast food place...well, we found out differently


We were looking for something different for lunch so turned to Yelp and decided to try the "Ninja Bowl".  Then found there is no place with this name.  No street sign, no door marker legend, no mailbox.  Nothing.  We had to do some hunting and asking (I hate asking) and found out the truth.  There are four names on Yelp for the same address and same location:
1) Ninja Bowl, http://www.yelp.com/biz/ninja-bowl-phoenix
 aka
2) Rainbow Donuts Bakery & Cafe http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-bakery-and-cafe-phoenix
aka
3) Rainbow Donuts & Deli  http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-and-deli-phoenix
aka
4) Bobby C's Cafe  http://www.yelp.com/biz/bobby-cs-cafe-phoenix

OK, it took a bit of hunting, walking around the building 3 times and we finally asked so found it.

Now to ordering lunch.  I didn't even look at the menu because I've read the Yelp reviews of Jesse and Darren, so think I'm informed.  In a decisive sweep of confidence I ask for the Chipotle bowl
 .... and get blank stares. 
They don't know what this is.  I finally look at the menu and its not there.

I order the closest thing, The sizzling bowl.  It arrives and is just what I ordered, a bowl of rice, some chopped small chicken smothered in Spicy sauce with a few Jalapenos.  Add a small drink and I'm at $8.90 with tax.  Although plentiful It was just OK, absent of any veggies but then again all of the bowls are just meat, rice, and sauce except the Veggie Bowl. 
The girls from the office that I took here for lunch glared at me.  This is not the good glare either.

PS - A day later the charge showed up on my credit card online statement as BOBBY C's CAFE
Note: Cross reference w/ Bobby C's Cafe. 

They still have the ninja bowls.
When it comes to donuts, I am a bit of a traditionalist for the french cruller.   Bosa Donuts is the real thing.  This location just opened right down the street from the office so needless to say there will be no excuse now to bringing in treats on a Friday.  I will be back to sample some other varieties, the apple fritter looked great.  If there is a Dunkin Donuts near by, I think they will be in trouble once people taste what real donuts are suppose to taste like.
I'll drive from NO. Cali to AZ just for these donuts!
It's Friday...I ran this morning...I'm running a half marathon on Saturday...damn it! I can have a donut, or two. 

I've been smelling Bosa a few times a week on runs and finally I decided I could stop punishing myself and give in to my donut desires. 

2 Donuts + Large Coffee = $3.44, fulfilled donut fix, and one small chocolate spillage. 

Good variety ranging from traditional crullers, cake donuts, glazed, cream filled, custard, sprinkles, hoards of things to spill all over your dress shirt. Fortunately, I inadvertently avoided a donut with powdered sugar -- yes after years of getting powdered sugar on dark suits I have not learned. Instead, I had a crispy on the outside, light and cakey chocolate cake donut with sprinkles. It wasn't the dense spongy type, but rather freshly made with good flavor. My custard filled was ample on the custard and just right on the chocolate frosting. The coffee was average, but not bad by any means. 

Better than DD. I'm sure the next time my mileage is up for the week I will stop by again...after I finishing punishing myself that is...
These are the best, most consistent donuts in the valley.  I was always a fan of the Chandler location, so I tried this location as soon as it opened.  I was pleased that the donuts were as fresh and as varied as the other location.

I don't care if people go to dunkin for the coffee..a donut shop is about the donuts, and I haven't yet had any donuts in the valley in the same league as BoSa.
Despite living nearly next door to a Dunkin Donuts I had to make the drive to Bosa Donuts. 

Not wanting to get out of the car in my slippers and pajama pants we used the drive-thru. The menu was difficult to see because the plastic cover on the display was sun burned and blurry. We ordered some classics knowing there was no way they couldn't have them.

The maple long john was delicious. I haven't seen maple long johns at Dunkin Donuts in a long time so I was loving it. The chocolate frosting could be better but I can't complain too much about chocolate frosting... I mean, come on, it's chocolate frosting! My friend wasn't impressed with the apple fritter. It was crunchy and too sugary. 

Here's the kicker. The basic glazed doughnut was amazing. It was so close to a Krispy Kreme doughnut you could have fooled me in a blind taste test. It was perfectly glazed and collapsed just like the best of the best upon first bite.

Next time I have a doughnut craving I will skip the neighborhood Dunkin and ride over to Bosa.
The Bavarian cream was mind-blowing!  Sexy and silky as sin, it was the best version of this donut variety I've tried thus far.  Embrace it and you won't (literally) be able to show your face in the morning.  Approach w/ caution!
This place has atleast 30 different donuts to choose from at any given time. The coffee is ok and the service is friendly, though slow at times (patience is a virtue!), but the reason you go there is the donuts and they are the best in the valley period. My favorite is a french cruller that DD has been butchering for years...but they do them right here. The buttermilks are exploding out of themselves and are one of the richest things I've ever had in my life.
I went here a few days after they opened to check it out with my cousin. The donuts were alright. Nothing extraordinary about them.

I saw a sign that said, "We do boba tea" so I asked the girl what kind of teas came with boba. She said,

"We can put boba in any of our teas."

So I asked her, "What kind of teas do you have?" since that part of the menu wasn't up yet. She replied,

"Any kind of tea we have can have boba."

I tried to repeat my question and ask her what kinds of teas they had and she just didn't understand me. She just kept saying, "WE CAN PUT BOBA IN ANY OF OUR TEAS"

She spoke english fine and didn't appear to have any trouble hearing so I have no idea what her problem was. I'll stick to Dunkin.
Ladies and Gentlemen,

To the Tune of the Top Ten Hit from 1963 by that Round Mound of Sound, Miss Eydie Gorme!

http://tinyurl.com/28jxx76

I was drivin' by when it caught my eye
Standin' by itself lookin' sweet and shy
I turned in to the lot, swaying' to and fro
And soon I knew I'd never let them go

Blame it on the Bosa Donut with its tasty treats
Blame it on the Bosa Donut that I love to eat
Oh, it all began with a maple bar
Now it seems I can't fit in my car
Blame it on the Bosa Donut
The food of love

Now was it the pie?
No, no, the Bosa Donuts
Or the stir fry?
No, no, the Bosa Donuts
Now was it the glazed?
Yeah, yeah, the Bosa Donuts
The treats of love

Now I'm glad to say I'm in control
And I stop at just one jelly roll
And when I try to grab a dozen
My shock collar starts a buzzin'

Blame it on the Bosa Donuts with its cake and glazed
Blame it on the Bosa Donuts that I'm lightly tased
Oh, it all began with Bavarian Creme
Now I know I can't fit in my jeans
Blame it on the Bosa Donut
The fritters of love!
I love donuts. The buttermilk donuts are the best. The new store on Southern opens on Monday. I'm going to have to start jogging again. (like I ever did in the 1st place anyway). I have to think. Is there any other donut shop better..... NO. Although putting sugar in your mouth is good by itself, Bosa has some real special way of making their donuts crispy on the outside and real soft and fluffy or dense on the inside. Dunkin is great and will always be getting bigger and bigger like some other donut shop we all use to know. But Bosa is just down right yummy.
I just had a happy breakfast and I don't feel guilty!! Even the regular costumers are soo happy and friendly, there is no way to start a happy day than this ha!
I'm not really a big donut guy. But some fried breakfast sounded pretty good this morning. Plus, I work on Sunday mornings, and it always makes coworkers happy when somebody brings in junk food. So I picked up a dozen on my way to work.

Justifications aside, Bosa has great Donuts! These are way better and cheaper than Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Donuts. This is definitely the place I'll stop by when I'm in the mood for the morning sweet treats.

But don't waste your time with the coffee here. It's awful.
Willy Wonka has nothing over the amount of sugar Bosa Donuts delivers.  This is a diamond in the ruff, best donuts!
Disappointing... Great hole in the wall feel but the donuts were dry and tasted like old oil. The fritter was too dry and really missed the mark.
When I was a kid I lived in this small neighborhood in the bay area. I used to grab money from my moms purse and then walk up the street and find ways to spend my money. There was a circle K, a hair salon, a video store complete with a beaded curtain section (of which my step brother was a fan. I know this bc I was a snoop), aaaaaand a donut shop. 

It as an oriental run donut shop and those always seemed to be the best in my experience of eating donuts while living in the bay. they had a mean maple bar. It wasn't overly sweet and had a perfect amount of saltiness and chewy-ness while remaining fluffy and moist. it was a great donut and what I consider a 'bay area style donut'  for no other reason except that i ate this kind of donut while i lived in the bay area. i didn't think anyone else made donuts like this.

until I arrived at Bosa. it's run by orientals which is a good sign when it comes to donuts so I tried a maple bar. oh my gosh! the donut brought back all of those memories of tattling on my step brother when I found his naughty movies and regretting my choice to get a perm at the hair salon once while bored. 

this is a bay area style donut! it's not krispy kreme(which is also a delicious donut) and it's not dunkin (which isn't a delicious donut) it's a different donut class of its own.

if you like them chewy and fluffy while a tad sweet and salty go here for your donut pleasure!
What the!?!

Every Sunday morning I get my husband a sugar donut on my way home from church and today I decided at the last moment to try Bosa donuts.  I knew they had a drive thru, but I wanted to see the donuts so I went inside.  Big mistake!!  I could have bought him one in the drive thru and kept myself working out 5 days a week.  Now it seems I am doomed to 7 days plus an extra jog or two.

Every donut looked so puffy and light.  I typically get filled donuts, but I saw the buttermilk bars and there was a massive tray of them.  As a child they were my favorite a local bakery, but since the bakery closed they have been dry everywhere else.  

They also had filled croissants and I decided to try a ham, cheese, and jalapeno one.  For my last move I added in a French Cruller as it looked so darn good.   Well the cruller was devoured on the drive home.  Best one i have ever had by a long shot.  It was so light and sweet.  I kept thinking save a bite for the husband, but it wasn't meant to be!

While handing my husband his sugar donut I feared squishing it as it was so light and airy.  My husband took one bite and the incredulous yum rang out.  He polished it off and proceeded to hone in on my buttermilk bar.  Well I am okay with sharing because frankly this is an artery killer breakfast.  It was an excellent buttermilk bar.  That rich interior that is darker with the sin of buttermilk was present and it was lovely.

Not done though I popped the croissant in the microwave for 15 seconds as the lady at the store recommended and then into the toaster oven for a moment.  Dang this is breakfast, lunch, or dinner food and so good.  The croissant was light, flaky, and buttery and the guts gooey and delicious.  I spared one bite for my husband who asked what else came in the croissants.  

In my mind i see the hours sign...5am-10pm and even worse it is near my office and my home.  Well I can only hope that if I eat too many I will get sick of it, because I am already planning another journey.  It would be cruel of me not to share these luscious donuts with everyone i know...
The donuts are the best I've had in the valley. The iced coffee I really enjoy, and for 2 bucks you can't beat it. I made a mess in my car eating the crumble donut one morning, but it was so good I didn't regret it. I had a croissant filled with ham and cheese last time I went that was delicious.
I give this place 5 stars for a few reasons. My father is a true doughnut connoisseur. He came to visit me, and after I took him there once, he demanded to go there everyday on his trip and proclaimed, 'you just can't get a donut this good anymore'.
The other reason is value, you can eat a donut and coffee for a couple dollars. In a world where Starbucks will charge you $5 for a mediocre latte, I'll take Bosa over them anyday.
Love at first bite...creamy, dreamy, buttery, light, fluffy, crispy,delicious,amazing, perfect, lovely, beautiful, tasty and darn good!  This is the fantasy donut!  The chocolate long john and the old fashion we home runs...if you are "jonesen"  for a top notch donut get over to this hot spot for donuts!
I don't know what it is about Phoenix, but you can't seem to find a decent donut shop here.  Bosa seems to be about the best option we have, and while it's not bad, it's far from anything special.  This Scottsdale location is much better managed than the Chandler store, so I give them credit for that--it's cleaner and the donuts are much fresher.  I only wish Phoenicians could experience a great donut, which will never come from places like Bosa, Krispy Kreme, or Dunkin Donuts.
Awesome. All of em. Try your fav then venture out you won't be disappointed.

Rasp Jelly + Butter milk for me.
This review is about taste only, as I can not speak for service or ambiance as the donuts were brought to me during a meeting at work this morning. When our Supervisor announced that she brought Bosa Donuts the room pretty much erupted in cheers of joy. I had never heard of Bosa, but the donuts looked good. I grabbed a jelly filled, and it was divine. The glaze was sweet and wonderful, the jelly was superb, and I loved loved loved the dough. I am now a Bosa convert, and will join in the cheering next time they are presented.
I wish that I didn't like this place so well...but I do :)
Yummy, fresh, delish donuts like I used to have on Saturday mornings as a kid (my Dad would go to the now-defunct Dad's Bakery and get donuts and pastries on Saturday mornings).
There is a wide variety available, and they are wonderful!
In addition, they have great coffee drinks, as well. 
After trying Bosa Donuts, you'll never visit a Dunkin Donuts again...
Even though I've only been to Bosa once I've had the donuts from here several times.  My parents have been coming here regularly (like, multiple times a week regularly) since this place opened and every time I come to visit they make sure to get me donut in the morning when they know I'm hungover in bed.

Now, I'm only reviewing this place for the donuts.  I didn't even know this place served other breakfasty stuff until I came here myself, but the other pastries & coffee drinks sound good as well.  That being said, when it comes to donuts Bosa is as good as it gets.

They're soft, chewy, and all around yummy...that goes for all varieties (well, the ones I've tasted anyway).  Another good thing...they're CHEAP!  It's not like donuts break the bank anyway, but even compared to chain donut places the donuts here practically cost nothing.  

The place itself is not much to look at, but who cares!  All I want is the donuts!
The donuts here are amazing....so fresh and tender they melt in your mouth!  I love the Crumb Cake donut, the old fashioned and the buttermilk bars.  The buttermilk bars are literally 3 inches thick....the best I have ever had!  The only reason I am knocking off a star is because the last 2 times that I have been there, they have been out of at least one of the donuts I wanted....but other than that....they are my new preferred donut shop!
These are the best donuts ever! So big and moist. I can't eat any other kind of donut now. They have 12 donut holes for $1! Crazy!
If you're reading this, chances are that you're not karmically righteous enough to ever hope to achieve nirvana.   However, be glad that you found this review, because I'm about to tell you that a road to religious enlightenment *does* still exist for you -and it's much simpler than the Noble Eightfold Path.

If it wasn't already obvious, your quest will both start and end quite conveniently at the Bosa Donuts on McDowell Rd.  And you'll be pleased to learn that no matter what you order, this shortcut to a life of fulfillment won't cost you any more than a few dollars and cents.

There are a near-infinite number of conceivable menu combinations that can help you quickly unlock your spiritual rebirth, however I'm going to recommend two particular ingredients as the fastest and surest way to eternal bliss:

1) Buttermilk Donuts
2) Taro smoothies with boba

At this point, you should already have stopped reading this review and made haste to the closest form of transportation at hand.  Once you've arrived, you'll be too far too preoccupied with all the revelation happening in your mouth to remember to thank me - or anyone else -for leading you to Bosa.  And I won't blame you.  On the path to salvation, selfishly and voraciously indulging in buttermilk donuts and boba smoothies is sooooo much better than just being nice to people.
Incredible. As they were building this donut site. I passed it everyday on the way to school. I thought to myself: stay away--don't even look at it. I did so well for the last 5 months but then....unfortunately I ended up with visions of donuts dancing in my brain last night (couldn't sleep, and had recently watched "Boogie Nights" for the umpteenth time--you know, the part where Don Cheedle stops to get his preggie GF some donuts?) and thought, Ok, it's Sunday AM, Dad used to get them all the time. I'll just get a couple in the morning. I went, I saw, I became ravenous, I ordered...a dozen for a little over 7 bucks. How could I resist? 

These donuts kick butt. Amazing. DD has no clue compared to this place. The rasp. filled was devoured the minute I got home. The only complaint? (thus the 4 stars), was that the Asian lady helping me said out of the blue "you have baby?" I looked at her like, WTF? She said again, "you have baby?" I asked her if she was asking if I was pregnant (not a good question to ask a woman who just ordered a dozen donuts...esp. when she IS NOT), or if I already had "baby"? she then said "before?" I looked at her and said, "why in the world are you asking me that question?" She says nothing. I was tempted to ask her if she had hemmorhoids, but instead I walked out with my donuts checking my side reflection in the mirror (stomach, flat), pre-donut scarf. It was almost a total buzz kill, but I recovered by the time I got home. Maybe it was my hefty busoms, or maybe she wanted to make a trade, who knows.

Note to Asian lady--don't ask strangers about their baby making capacities while they are ordering your donuts-- or no tippie for you!
Your donuts rule, though!
This place is like donut crack.

Buying donuts for 8 coworkers = a million donuts??

Only at Bosa!

They have so many donuts...so many that it's impossible to choose only a few for your small group of coworkers. So many that we eat until we hit a breakfast sugar coma that can only be topped by Thanksgiving and still have some to give away to coworkers to bring home to their families. 

The staff is so super nice and help guide your overwhelming mind in as little time as possible to speed up aforementioned coma. 

For serious. You can't go wrong here people. Donut crack.
I don't like sweets for breakfast, no pancakes, no french toast, no cinnamon rolls. All the sugar just makes me feel sick the rest of the day.

Then I met the Bosa buttermilk bar. For a breakfast made of those bad boys sign me up for a day of two root canals, pass a kidney stone, and give birth to triplets. It'll be worth it!
While it is somewhat embarrassing to write a review on how good a donut shop is, I feel I must do it. Bosa is hands down the best place in the Valley to eat a donut. They're indescribably good. I've been to many of the locations and they all seem to be consistently good. The product they serve is outstanding and I have been ruined for all other donuts because of this funky little shop.
Best donuts around and great prices! They have the most amazing donut holes and they are 99 cents a dozen! They only have glazed but they are soo good!  I recommend Bosa's to everyone!
I blame Bosa for resurfacing my donut obsession. I thought all donuts tasted the same. I thought they all tasted fluffy, sugary and heavenly, but the same. I have been a lover of the donut since my early childhood when my Dad would surprise me with a stop at our favorite donut store during a round of errands. The owner also happened to know my Dad so my one donut turned into a full bag of donuts and I felt as if I had just won the jackpot (even though my Dad still only let me pick one out to actually eat at that moment). But now let me fast forward many, many moons and I'll actually begin my review of Bosa. 

Bosa does not sell your ordinary donut. Well, actually they do sell some of the classics but the difference with Bosa is that they make their donuts truly holey (pun intended). Whatever they do to them makes the donut victim enter a world of pure oblivion as an sugar high hits instantly upon first delicious bite. 

So you go to Bosa for the first time, you walk into a very sparse shop that was definitely once a fast food restaurant and you see a counter of donuts staring at you. Like my Dad taught me all those years ago, sadly I can only have one, so what to do? The answer is easy, even for someone with major menu anxiety like myself: get the BUTTERMILK donut. Don't ask questions and just do it. Don't think to yourself..."that's way too big, I'll just get a donut hole." No. Order the buttermilk donut, have a serious talk with your will power, tell your will power to hold you back from eating the entire thing and get the buttermilk donut. Why? Because it will allow you to taste a donut you didn't know existed. It tastes like pure buttermilk immersed into a delicious fried sweet baked good. You'd think the bread inside would taste like normal donut bread, but it doesn't. It tastes like your eating donut bread infused with buttermilk cream and yet it's just the donut being that fluffy and moist. Now thanks to this donut, I will have to avoid driving on McDowell until I allow myself to have a donut again because I know that if I pass by Bosa (that has a DRIVE THROUGH by the way), there is no way I'll be able to drive by without stopping inside to say hello to my favorite donut.
These are the best donuts I have ever tasted. I only wish I had discovered them sooner, and I wish the lady in the drive-thru didn't always yell at me... but other than that I have no complaints. The raspberry filled, buttermilk bar, and bear claw thingie are my fave
The buttermilk bar is good. As for proclaiming these donuts to be five stars and worthy of such praise as other yelpers have heaped on them - I think not. If your measure of donuts is based on comparing Bosa to Dunkin Donuts and the supermarket, then yes, they are five star worthy. If you honestly compare Bosa to other donuts, many better ones come to mind. Randy's donuts in LA. K's Donuts in Sherman Oaks, CA is far superior. The Donut Man in Glendora, CA which features the strawberry donut - a moment please, for that is a donut. I think of my childhood when once in a while my mother would allow me to sin, and let me have the whole wheat donut at Chock Full O Nuts in NYC. That was a donut. When you compare Bosa to such American treasures, it falls flat and looks average. Sorry Bosa, although you made a valiant effort, in the world of donuts you fall in the same category as Winchell's.
These doughnuts are fresh! Just rolled through the drive through to get breakfast. service was fast and the doughnuts were fresh as usual. If you like fresh doughnuts this is the place for you.
The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because they don't have icing filled! But their buttermilk Butterfly Donut is to die for!!!! Go and get one!!!!
Their donut holes have got to be the best I have ever had!
My co-worker loves this donut shop and bought me a donut one day and brought it to work. This is now the only donut shop I go to in AZ. They are cheap and friendly service. Thanks!
I love me some bosa!  ESPECIALLY when they accept credit cards/debit without charging you extra for using it!! I never minded the cash thing but the only con to this particular bosa in my opinion was the lack of variety. No French cruellers no maple old fashioned no blueberry cake donuts or cherry fritters. So far my top two is the one in Tempe and the one in Chandler because Tempe has the most variety and the Chandler is just the closest to me.  
Even though they screwed up my order slightly I love bosa anyways
Evil Donut Shop for selling donut holes for .99 cents a dozen.   EVILLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!

I've only gone 2 times so far.  The first time not really counting because I went with a coworker and didnt buy anything.  BUT, I did ask if I could buy 2 holes (one glazed and one chocolate cake) instead of a dozen.  I sometimes have issues with fried items.  So I wanted to sample it first.  The gal just gave me the two and said, "Enjoy!"  I had no revenge of the holes the remainder of the day!  Wh00t Wh00t!   

But seriously, how awesome is it that she just gave me 2 holes.  

This morning, for some strange reason (the baby maybe ;) had me craving a donut.  So, off to Bosa myself and another coworker went!  I got a dozen holes (6 glazed, 6 chocolate) and a maple bar.  The maple bar I'm saving for tomorrow morning...i hope  

I honestly think the glazed holes are my favorite, reminding me of a Krispy Kreme glazed.  But glazed or chocolate...these donuts rock!  My coworker even thought so too.  

I would have taken a photo of the holes, but they didnt have a chance.  I eated them.  :)

I shall have to resist the urge to become a frequent BOSA customer!  RESIST Damnit.  RESISTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!
Great donuts and coffee. Unfriendly customer service and frequent incorrect orders. Kind of dirty too.
I love donuts! With that said, I love Bosa donuts! The place isn't anything special but their donuts are are! I love that there is a good variety of donuts. I love french crullers and this place does my donut right! Another one I like, which is boring, but a good way to judge, is the sugar glazed donut. It's another favorite and can't go wrong. This donut, along with the other ones, are ones you can't go wrong with from Bosa. Aside from having awesome donuts, they're awesomely cheap! I can get a dozen donut holes for super cheap!
The best donuts in town, hands down!! Their breakfast sandwiches however, are awful...the nuke these packets of already ready eggs and bacon and put them in the croissant but the ration of tiny egg/bacon is way off compared to the huge croissant. Stick to what you do best, Bosa!! Donut heaven!!
The Buttermilk Bar is the BEST!!!!  I would give them 5 stars, but the size of the bars have been shrinking.  I love it too much to give it less
Delicious donuts! Kids loved it. Even gave us free samples.
Best Donuts in town!  Try the buttermilk!
My friend and I arrived at Bosa tonight a little after it closed. The lights were shut off and it didn't look like we were getting any donuts. That was until an employee (or the owner) noticed us and opened up the store for a moment to make sure we didn't go home empty handed.

Also, I only had one donut so I don't for sure, but it tasted like the donuts are actually made fresh and not simply reheated like the larger chains do.
Let's get something straight.... I'm not really a donut person. I don't mind an occasional donut with the right company. But for the most part, I don't care about donuts. However....

For some reason, I was recently craving a donut. Maybe there's something in the Phoenix water that makes me do that. I'm not sure. Anyway, I was getting some work done at a nearby cafe and decided to look for a donut shop. Thank you fellow yelpers for introducing me to this little gem. The donuts are super cheap and really yummy. I've been here multiple times and usually opt for the buttermilk bar. Tip: The buttermilk bars at this location are tastier and bigger than the ones at the Tempe location. I've had the chocolate cruller and that one is yummy too.

Considering I'm not much of a donut fan, I will admit that I crave them more since I found this place. If you're looking for an inexpensive yummy treat, I say give this place a shot!
I don't like donuts, however Bosa takes the lowly donut and makes it a pastry

The only donuts worth the calories

The Crumb and Raspberry filled are excellent

The ham and cheese crossaint is pretty solid, works nicely if you have some extra lunch meat at home you can heat up and eat alongside it, as for a couple bucks you are not going to get a ton of meat in the pastry, boars head pastrami works nicely
I am a self-professed donut junkie. I love donuts and will try them from local places whenever I can. Bosa definitely did not disappoint!

I had the Toasted Coconut Glazed and it was as fluffy and light as a cloud, with the perfect balance of donut and coconut flavors. I'd definitely go out of my way to eat one again! 

Also had the donut holes- it's a good thing that I only purchased a dozen. If it had been more, I'm pretty sure that I wouldn't have been to stop myself from eating every single one of them. Best donut hole I've had in a very long time. So good!

If you love or even like donuts, this is a must stop, you will not be disappointed!
I am glad I do not live close to this donut shop.  With the 24 hour drive thru, excellent selection of donuts, boba drinks, and even shaved ice available all day it is a diet killer.

I stopped by late, about 10pm  and they still had a large selection of donuts, I picked up a dozen to "sample" the flavors.  I enjoyed the old fashioned, Boston creme, chocolate filled, raspberry filled, and some classic sugar laden regular donuts.  Delicious and I was on a sugar high.

To add to my sugar high I added a boba Thai coffee large.  Pretty of boba to enjoy my long drive back to the west valley.  I really enjoyed the coffee and it is a rare treat by my home.  I am still craving another excuse to drive here and get another.

I also did sample some shaved ice in the unconventional rainbow fashion. The staff was not use to serving a rainbow shaved ice, but were very accommodating.  He noted they usually only do one flavor, but attempted a 4 flavor ice sample.  It is still great to have shaved ice at 10pm when its 50 degrees outside right?

I also noted breakfast croissants and other breakfast treats, bagels and creme cheese, etc.  I could not really concentrate on that part of the menu, the donuts in the glass cases are mesmerizing.  I imagined sampling them all while I reduced my selection to only 12 donuts.  

I can say that the 12 donuts did not last a day on the kitchen island and the donut box is now a empty box of memories.  I hope to visit Bosa again and enjoy another dozen and maybe sample some other items they provide.  I hope you have the opportunity to sample Bosa donuts as well.
Love that this is a drive thru donut shop!! The flavors aren't different from other donut shops, but they're super soft and delicious no matter what time of day you go.
I like Bosa Donuts! 
My husband brought me here and we shared a bag of donut holes. Glazed and Chocolate. The Chocolate actually had rich chocolate taste, and the consistency and smushiness of the glazed was awesome :)

I like that it is local, and they do a great job. 
I would recommend Bosa's for a treat :)
Found a coupon for this place on the web, realizing it was expired on my commute, I decided ah what the heck! I'll check it out :) boy am I glad I did ...couldn't believe I got a dozen little donuts for 99 cents, yumm also I ordered their equivalent of a mocha frappuccino and was pleasantly surprised.
The donuts where ok.  I was excited when I saw that they had shaved ice and boba.  I don't care much for boba, but my daughter loves it, so it was nice to bring it home to her.  

The shaved ice tasted more like plain ice.  I asked for all of the flavors...you know, rainbow!  The shaved ice barely had any color to it at all.  The worker said it didn't have much color because we used more than one flavor.  I doubt that to be the case.  It had no flavor.  I wouldn't try again.
This Bosa Donuts is my favorite local donut shop in Arizona. I stop here in the mornings sometimes on my way to work (if I leave early enough). I love that they have a drive-thru and the customer service is wonderful every time. They always get your order out super fast, I'm usually out of there in less than 3 minutes! I usually stop by around 7:30 and I think that's when the donuts are fresh because they come out so warm, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I always get a maple bar and a cappuccino to go along with it (warning: cappuccino is scolding hot!). They have a lot of different things on their menu that I want to try one day just haven't ventured off to do yet. Their croissants filled with ham and cheese looks amazing and if its quality is anywhere near their quality of donuts, I'm down. They also have boba drinks that I am curious to try, considering donut shops don't usually serve boba I am not expecting it to wow me, but if it does more power to Bosa! I had my favorite donut shop growing up in California that I always went out of my way to go to and I was so happy to find one here! Bosa Donuts, you will be the fat death of me, but I forgive you. Because you are delicous and filled with happiness.
I'll start by saying that of course the drive-thru is 24hrs so you can get your donuts fix any time. No matter what time I go the donuts always seem fresh. They have donuts holes 12 for .99cents. What more can I say any donut you could want at any time its great.
Hands down, this place has the BEST donuts in the valley!
Due to a heavy footed neighbor upstairs in our hotel, I was up and about around 6am.  I knew I needed some coffee and donuts.  Dunkin Donuts is right near my hotel so I went and got a cup of coffee there.  Then headed here to get some donuts.  The Yelpers of Scottsdale did me right.  These donuts were very good....not Marys donuts good (Marys holds a special place in my heart and will always be my favorite), but maybe 2nd place ;-).    Still a 5 star joint! Placed my order for a chocolate covered buttermilk bar, a glazed raised, a chocolate raised and a crumb raised.  Total was $3.70 for 4 donuts.  Not shabby at all.  Here is how the donuts stacked up.

Chocolate Buttermilk Bar-  DAMN!  This was one of the best donuts I can ever remember eating!  This thing was crisp on the outside for a little crunch, dense on the inside (almost like a pound cake) for a good "cake like" chew and had a ton of chocolate on it.  During the bites you could pick out the distinct buttermilk flavor.  This thing was awesome and I'm definitely coming back before I leave to get more of these.  They also had them in maple frosting and something else too.  Delicious!

Glazed-  Not too shabby.  Very light and airy and not too sweet.  Definitely a good donut and I would get it again.

Crumb- Pretty tasty also.  Good crumb topping and light and airy like the glazed.

Chocolate Raised- My wife ate that one and I didn't try it.  She liked it though and that's good enough for me.  If it was as good as the other 3 donuts, I'm sure it was great.

The lady at the counter was nice as can be and they even have a drive through!  If I lived in the area, this would definitely be my go to donut spot.  Bravo for the recommendations Scottsdale Yelpers....Bravo!
It's the best.
Very good donuts...  Old fashion is excellent!  Cinnamon rolls are a great choice!  Chocolate iced raised very good as well!  But the French Crullers are not the best
Bosa donuts is the quiet simply the best in the valley. 24 hours, and always amazing. I take the nuggets nearly every Saturday putting me in the running of worlds greatest dad!
I've been to this location twice. The attendant was friendly. The menu was easy to read. The taro boba was fresh and yummy! The doughnut holes were cheap and so damn good. I love this location. I love Bosa. 
This location is a far cry from the other on my DNR. This one goes for the addiction list hands down. I'll be there again soon, I only work 10 minutes away.
Can I say best donuts I've had in Scottsdale? yes, yes I can.
So, my childhood donut shop is still safe atop the donut throne.  

 I would never cheat on my favorite donut shop (except with Krispy Kreme a few times).  But I was drawn here after having their buttermilk donut.  I finally brought myself to stop in this donut shop after having had a Buttermilk Bosa donut a few months ago at work. What an amazingly good donut, when it is fresh.  I've had that donut 3 times and the first 2 times I had it, the donut was simply AMAZING.  Something that tastes that good scares me.  I was afraid I would be drawn to this place over and over for that donut.

So, on a weak day, when I just wanted something sweet.... NOW.  I pulled into this shop at about 4 in the afternoon.  I see the yummy "specialty donut" in the display and quickly order it.  I get in my car and I don't immediately pull off as I whip out that donut to break off the first piece.  I take a bite and I'm suddenly shocked.... disappointed.  It was STALE.  I wondered how long that donut had been in the display.  It wasn't very good.  i have resolved to never return -- a lie!  I should stop lying to myself.   Nothing that good could possibly, truly be that good. 

Someone at work brought 3 dz of these donuts this week.  I resisted.  I resisted.  but I'm sure.. in that weak moment, I'm returning for that buttermilk yummy goodness.  But I've learned my lesson, I'm going first thing in the morning... I want a fresh one.

Yumms!
There's not a lot to say about Bosa.  It's delicious, it's cheap and convenient.  Their coffee is also surprisingly great too !  I am an avid donut eater and I have to say this is right up there next to Krispy Kreme!  Even when the drive-thru is super backed up they're always very speedy and you never wait too long.  I'm nervous and happy that I moved right next to one.  Look out bikini season!
Incredibly cheap, open at all the right times, very unique flavors, and basically way better than any of the chain donut places you could ever eat at. Must try: buttermilk, coconut, banana cream pie. So good!!
I don't want to shy anyone away from going here because the Donuts are Great.  I gave a three star ranking because I just don't think that they are the "Best Donuts in Arizona".. I am a huge fan of Dunkin Donuts strawberry glazed and that's what I ordered, but my girlfriend brought home Bosa.. Because on the Box it said "Best Donuts in AZ".. I'm sure many people think so becauE this is a great business, but not the best in AZ by my taste..
I LOVE Bosa! And to be honest, I prefer them over Dunkin Donuts! Friendly staff and delliiicciooousss donuts and cheap too! :) Their breakfast food items are really good too!!! I recommend this place for donuts over Dunkin any day if the week!
Hands down, best donuts in the valley. All the locations are great. Most are open 24 - 7 and the flavor is fantastic. It's a great pickup for a morning office meeting or an even better late night snack after a night of fun. My personal fav is the pink icing with sprinkles, although the caramel long john is quickly catching up. I could go there every day.
Best donuts in town!
The freshest donuts I have ever had! The cake and fluffy donuts were equally delicious. They melt in your mouth! Yum!!
I am addicted to Bosa!!!! Best donuts and breakfast in the area, hands down.  Reasonably priced, the food is delicious, and the staff are awesome.  Get the glazed old fashion donuts, at least a dozen.
Bosa Donuts are the biggest, best donuts on the planet.
Two words: Lemon Curd
Boss doughnut is one of the best doughnut I've tasted! I highly recommend it. They're also open late(some locations) for your late night cravings! Rveryone go try!
Better donuts than DD, especially the glazed.  Also love the donut holes.  Only 99 cents a dozen!  I personally only had the glazed donuts but I'm told by my family that their fruit filled donuts are also very good.  More filling than DD. Service is friendly and price is good. They also have drive-thru Window.
Yum! Late night, delicious donuts! We loved the glazed and the old fashioned. And, they were a good price too. We will hopefully return!!
Damn Jessica F for getting the FTR on this! 

I made my first trip out to this new GFC location this weekend and was really excited to see an expanded retail area and the addition of sandwiches. If you have ever been to the other location on Thomas, you will be very happy with the increased selections and moving room!

As usual, all of the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, and very very knowledgeable about their products. 

I got some vegan gf donuts that taste a lot like gingerbread in addition to the herb baguette rolls, vegan banana cupcakes, vegan chocolate chip cookies, and hot dog buns. Everything has been great so far and I love that everything goes in the freezer.

I am also really excited that they bake vegan gf cakes in multiple sizes! This is great since I am normally left out of the cake club during birthdays!

All around a great place that caters to those of us with special diets! Thanks GFC!  :0)
I dont even need to be gluten free (my daughter does) but everything I've tasted there has been fabulous!!  The bagels are a must have staple in our freezer (daughter uses them for breakfast, sandwiches, etc), the ice cream sandwiches are soooo good, the pizza crusts are amazing - they are some ones that Barros uses (I love those!).  We've even had a few slices of pie at the store and a few different kind of cupcakes - all A++.  I recently used their Enriched Baking Flour in a tiered chocolate cake recipe I have - it came out fabulous!!  I subbed cup for cup and you would never, ever know it was gf.
To those of us recent and longtime sufferers of either wheat allergy or celiac disease this place is a godsend. Their breads, bagels and donuts are way beyond anything I've been able to get at either whole foods or sprouts. 

As other reviewers have noted they have several sandwiches they can make for you and every one I've had is good. By far my favorite is the philly cheese steak.

Additionally the staff is very friendly and helpful, and the decor of the bakery is bright and cheery. I cannot recommend this place enough!
scrumptious and the service is great! there are always new things to try and it is always guaranteed to be good. the turkey reuben is amazeball.
After reading a number of health articles and PBS programs that explained how so many common ailments can be eliminated by excluding gluten from one's diet, I've been trying to cut down on consumption of gluten -containing foods -- not an easy task since it's in so many common food items. This bakery is a great place to get prepared foods and baking ingredients that are gluten free, and they sell great stuff! The kitchen also serves gluten-free dishes for a quick snack or substantial lunch. The foods here are not as inexpensive as regular foods in ordinary stores; this is understandable since flours and other ingredients made from sweet rice, white rice, potatoes, and other gluten-free foods are not as readily available or as inexpensive as conventional bakery ingredients.
I was expecting a cute cozy cafe with fresh gluten free yummies, but that is not what this is.  It's just a bunch of  frozen baked goods.  I bought the bagels and almost fell over when my total for 4 bagels was over $8.  Hoping that they would be amazing, I tried them today and they were terrible.  Too squishy and salty.
*The kitchen hours are: Tues-Fri: 10am-4pm and Sat: 10am-2pm.

I was really excited to try their food as my boyfriend was in dire need of a sandwich and they also have vegan options. However, we were given a business card by someone at their Thomas Road location which had the wrong hours on it and we were told their kitchen had closed at 4pm and not 5pm as the old business cards state. Oh well.  I snagged the last sample of the "Simply Ginger Donut"  which was absolutely delicious! The women were very helpful in pointing out the gluten free, vegan options. I purchased: chocolate cupcakes with vanilla icing and sprinkles, personal size pizza dough (2 to a package), herb baguettes (2 to a package), and the Simply Ginger Donut. I have had better cupcakes but the ginger donut is quite good. They also make a bundt cake out of the same stuff they use to make the ginger donut. I purchased the herb baguettes because they had gotten such rave reviews from other Yelpers. I also read that they make a fabulous cake so the boyfriend will be getting a vegan and gluten free cake from here in the near future. Will report back then!
I finally made it to GFC and it was like finding the mother lode!  Yay - so many different gluten free options, it was actually hard to decide.  My daughter and I ordered crepes and fruit smoothies to eat there.  They were totally yummy and even though the store were busy because of Mother's Day, the staff was very attentive and so helpful - I felt like I was one of their regulars.  It was a great experience and I will definitely go out of my way to get back over there.  I live on the northwest side of town, so it's more than 30 miles from my house, but I want to go try some other things from their lunch menu!
I went to Sprouts and picked up the GF bread.  It was like a brick.........tough, hard and very unappealing.  I have heard from other friends how horrible the bread selection in their area is.....I was so bummed.  I love bread.  Love it, love it, love it.  Only further up on the list is my love of Pizza and Pasta (more on that in the next post!)

So last Saturday, I got the Hubs to take me around on errands.   Before our lunch at Indulge Burger, we journeyed into Gluten Free Creations Bakery and Cafe.  It's located at 76th Street and McDowell and it's well worth the journey.  Upon entering the Cafe we were greeted and asked if we needed help finding anything.  I was pretty sure we could find what I was looking for so I declined help.  We were able to check out the frozen items and I picked out a loaf of Herb bread and a loaf of Cheddar Cheese bread.  I then saw chocolate chip cookies and pounced on them.  There are no prices listed for these items and you honestly don't want to know them!

Okay, I'll tell you.  $12.99 for a dozen cookies and $8.99 for each loaf of bread.  My total came to over $30 with tax, etc.  Pricey, oh, yeah.  worth it.  You betcha!

So we make it to the counter, fully intending to pay and leave, and the cashier asks if we want to try some samples.  Um, yeah!  We tried the snickerdoodles (which I should have turned the chocolate chip cookies back in for they were so good!)  I'll get them next time......

Oh, then we tried the "Insane Chocolate Donuts4U".........6 donuts for $9.99 and they are SOOOOOOOOO worth it. My husband was ready to kill for a whole one and he can eat regular donuts!  I would say that's a score for GFC!  Now, we also tried the Cinnamon Coffee Cake which I didn't care for (due to an aftertaste) but The Hubs enjoyed it........again!

I have to give 5 out of 5 stars to this discovery!  I will be back again and again!  Oh, and you should be happy to frequent many of the fine restaurants (like Pugsy's) who serve their bread....it's good!  Oh, so good!
Amazing... a gluten-free bakery that's not 25miles from my house! I was so stoked when Ii heard GFC was opening a second location in the East Valley (notice it wasn't in the West Valley? That's because the west-side of Phoenix sucks and is gross), even more excited when I found out it's also a sandwich place. They serve an entire menu of amazing sandwiches and now they even serve breakfast and brunch! Awesome!!
Had the turkey reuben today. It's small, but good. You can't tell the bread is gluten free. I also bought a dozen frozen chocolate chip cookies and a piece of avalanche cake with a $25 groupon.

I've been here a few times and the same employee helped me. He's super nice and knows a lot about their products. He always asks about food allergies before he makes my food. There were more employees--maybe the owners--milling around and they were really nice too. 

It's not what you'd think of as a bakery since a lot of their stuff is frozen. They always have samples, which is a bonus! Chocolate chip cookies are one of my specialties, so I'm a tough critic, but theirs are almost addicting (they say customer favorite on the label). The snickerdoodles are great too. I've tried a lot of their cupcake flavors and didn't care for them too much. They're small and the cake is a little dry, but still tasty--especially for gluten free. This place is a gem! Want to try their breakfast.
A little pricey, but great stuff.   French Dip was great, and the Snickerdoodles are AMAZING. 

People behind the counter are super-helpful, asking you if you have questions on anything.

I will definitely be back!
With three months of Gluten-Free life under our belts, we have found that most GF substitutes are hardly palatable.  GF Bakery has some great creations.  The Red Velvet Cake is awesome (and not dry).  The breads are so much better than the varieties found in with the big-box grocers.
I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised by this place.  I've recently been exploring a more vegan lifestyle and I was looking for sweets that I could indulge in while keeping with my new goals.  The doughnuts here are healthy and tasty.  I'm a fan and will be back for more.
I was watching this segment from an old "20/20" type show, and they had interviewed one of the owners of Babycakes bakery in NYC.  The lady was talking about how people will come in to their bakery and start to cry...either because it's been so long since they've had certain food items, or they can finally give their kids a little bit of normalcy by allowing them to eat a cookie or cupcake.  I guess that segment came to mind when I walked into this place.  It's been so long since I've had a hamburger with a bun.  Or a hot dog with a bun.  Or a sandwich not wrapped in lettuce.  I really thought I was going to cry.    

No doubt, it's a little pricey.  But what GF baked foods aren't?  Difference here is that their breads are incredible.  Absolutely the best.  Whereas frozen breads from the grocery store are (to me anyway) gross, the flavor and texture of their breads is so good, even the non-GF eaters in my family enjoyed trying a few bites!

This place is amazing.  If only they'd consider opening another location in northern AZ!!
Update on draft from below &  this is all from our visit last summer.
We went back for 2nd visit. Owner was there & really sweet. Tried a cupcake- really good but the bagels are almost too good to be true. 

1st visit:  Sandwich was tasty but I would have needed 3 of them to feel full which wasn't happening @ $8 for sandwich & a bag of chips whose expiration date was 2 days ago. They should label their vegan options more clearly. I am excited to try the bagels I bought, would have tried the new cupcakes but not a big frosting fan - too sweet, & the red velvet was red from food coloring, not beet juice & I don't do artificial colors. Looking forward to the bagels but just not as health-conscious as the Los Angeles vegan/gluten-free.
This place is very cute and retro.  They had some really interesting flavors as well like gluten free  cupcakes and the red velvet cake is amazing  I'd recommend checking it out
After noticing the bakery one day I decided to stop in and give a few things a try. When I walked in the owner was stocking the freezer with fresh bagels which is what I originally came in for. He helped me explain how everything was set up. I picked out my bagels I wanted to try and while also showing me the menu he pointed out they had about 5 or 6 samples of items. I tried them all and they were all amazing. The pineapple upside down cupcakes were so yummy and so was the spiced cake. The spiced cake was the moistest and flavorful cake I've had in a long time. Soooo, add that to my order! LOL It wasn't a very big cake (4x4) but you can get bigger. I cut it in small bite size pieces at home so I didn't eat it all in one sitting. Everyone who tried it really liked it and couldn't believe it was gluten free! I can't wait to go back and try more yummy goods!
Not so sure what the fuss was about but I was asked to go pick up something here and really got BLAH service from the young man who really could not answer my questions. I did not eat the stuff but the person I picked it up for was disappointed that it was frozen - not fresh and dry.
Lunch is great, and the pumpkin chocolate chip cookies are awesome!
Omg blueberry muffin moist delicious best ever took two seconds to eat and needed it to be bigger. Also the chocolate espresso bar was beyond words. Took our taste buds to a whole new level. We will be back again and again!
i went here for a friend's birthday brunch! it was located behind the denny's and in the same center as peter piper pizza. google maps takes you across the street just FYI :) 

everyone loved the monte carlo sandwich. it was a hit! 

our server was super friendly. they had a huge assortment of GF options and also listed other potential allergens in their food on the menu (egg, soy, etc) 

in addition to their menu, they had a bakery to take home some goodies as well as pre packed mixes to make the bread and I assume other GF baked goods yourself. they also sell their GF flour.

apparently, if you have a gluten allergy...according my friend this is the best and most delicious option she's been able to find!
I can't describe how happy this place makes me.  I live out of town, but I order from them and whenever I'm in Phoenix I go and buy up the store.  The staff is absolutely amazing and helpful, but the food.....the food is beyond words!  It is so nice to finally eat food that tastes like real food and not like something is missing from it since its gluten free.  I absolutely am in love with the cinnamon scones.  I special order them, and I eat the half dozen in a matter of days with deep regret because they are gone.  BUT they are amazing.  

If you are in Scottsdale/Phoenix, do yourself a favor and stop in there.  The staff will wow you and the food will keep you coming back for more.
Its unfortunate that the customer service here SUCKS! The gluten free food is delish but every time my husband goes there to get me something, he is treated like crap. Keeping my ordering there to a limit. Would rather just deal with them online then in person.
If you have someone in your life that has celiac or any type of wheat or gluten allergy this is the place.  Their bagels, waffles and herb bread are works of art made with love. 

i don't know how they do it... and I don't really care... I just LOVE that they DO!

The waffles are my favorite and my girlfriend that has severe celiac is obsessed with the bagels.  She told me this is all she wants for her birthday forever! 

The noodles that look like egg noodles are a little mushy when cooked so I won't be getting those again, but I was going to fill up on bagels and waffles anyway.
I am so excited to have found this place.  I have hated every gluten free bread I've bought to date, so it has been FOREVER since I've have a sandwich.  I decided to take a risk on ordering one here, and I am so glad I did! One of the employees suggested that I try the Eggplant Italiano since I wanted something vegan and gluten free.  It was a yummy, messy (in a good way), hefty serving of roasted veggies, tomato sauce, and vegan cheese oozing with goodness on a hearty herb bread that was similar in size and consistency to a French roll.  It came with some Pop Chips that were really salty, which made me really happy but others might feel they were too salty.  

For the baked goods, I read in another review that most are best eaten frozen or really cold, and I found that to be pretty true.  They are also expensive compared to regular baked goods.  I'm so thankful to have found tasty GF/vegan goodies that I don't really care about the temperature.  Considering the price of GF ingredients at grocery and health food stores, I understand the prices here.

About the ambiance, it is very basic, which I liked.  It reminded me of all the little hole-in-the-wall pizzerias and hot dog places I used to eat at when I was younger and didn't care what I ate.  I wish they stayed open later! 

I will definitely be going back, probably tomorrow already!
We LOVE this place!  Whenever we are in Arizona we eat at the bakery.  My daughters have celiac and we are so happy to have discovered Gluten Free Creations. Some other reviews have mentioned the menu being too simple but I am so happy to find a place my daughters can walk into and order an everyday sandwich they just can't get anywhere else, plus the bread size is actually a normal size unlike store brands like Udi's. We love the awelicious bread, buttermilk buscuit, winkies, maple scones and their seasoned bread crumbs!  Since we live out of state we order everything on line which comes delivered on dry ice.  I can't wait for their holiday items to come on line.  Their pumpkin muffins and scones are amazing!
The food is amazing, GF or not!  I love the Monte Cristo or the Rasp. Vinaigrette Grilled Chicken Flatbread!  They have great breakfast choices, try the Ooey Gooey Goodness and thank me later!  Not to mention they have freezers with take home items like pizzas, bread and more!

Regardless if you have gluten issues, if you like good grub then this is your place!
Yum! I absolutely love this place. The boyfriend and I are obsessed with the cinnamon rolls and cinnamon donuts. They serve turkey bacon (one of the best I've had) that is thick and flavorful. Pretty much everything that I've tried has exceeded my expectations for a gluten free meal/treat. 

Another awesome part about this place is that you can buy all the gluten free flours premixed and ready to bake with. The gluten free flour mixtures are hard enough to get right on your own. They do it for you and it's cheaper then any grocery store. 

Enjoy!
Went in for some gluten free bread and haven't tried it yet. Dennis had me try a sample of their cupcakes and I loved their carrot cake! They have many items on their menu which is nice because of various allergies some people have, which they cater to. Dennis was super kind and I can tell they care about their customers.
For gf people this is a dream come true! They have awesome food at the café and baked goods to take home. I've only been in phoenix 2 days and I've already been here twice. Definitely going to be back..this place is awesome! I had the Ruben and it was delicious. My non-gf boyfriend had the chicken finger sandwich and loved it as well. They also have samples out to try. Today they had muffins, cake and bread and all were legit.. Just like the real thing! If you're gf and in Phoenix you have to try!
I recently had a large baby shower and placed an order for 4 dozen gluten-free Vegan cupcakes,plus muffins, cofffee cake and awelicious bread for a brunch shower!  The cupcakes were decorated to match the invitation, absolutely darling!  AND DELICIOUS!  We kept the entire shower gluten free to accomodate the mom-to-be and myself, the hostess!  And everyone was in AWE that they were eating gluten free!  I think you possibly may have gained a few new customers/converts to GF as a result!  Thank you for making healthy, delicious baked goods!
The first time I ate an Awelicious hamburger bun from GFC, I actually cried.  It was the first 'real' hamburger I'd been able to have since going gluten-free due to a diagnosed wheat allergy.  The roll was soft, it smelled like bread, it 'crushed' down like a 'real' bun, and it was the perfect proportion of bread to fixins -- every other GF bun I'd tried was this huge mass of dry bread.  I had the same reaction to the awelicious bread -- it smells like bread, it's soft, it's 'real'.  It toasts and grills up great and makes terrific grilled cheese and sandwiches.  But it's actually good and soft enough to eat plain.  This bakery gave me a big piece of my life back. I'm lobbying my husband for a bigger freezer so I can keep more of their stuff in it!  

Favorites are:  Anything awelicious -- bread, hamburger buns, dinner rolls.  The hot dog buns are also terrific.  The cinnamon buns, coffee cake, and cupcakes are divine. I love the banana bread, though honestly it doesn't taste like banana bread to me, but more like a spice bread/cake.  I do love the pizza crust, but wish they'd add one with absolutely NO herbs at all.  Even the Simple crust has herbs in it that alter the taste of the pizza.  A totally plain pizza crust would be fantastic.  

I buy their regular flour and cookie flour to cook with.  And the flours are ENRICHED!!!  I've eaten several of their small chocolate cakes and have liked them all.  I'm totally ordering a custom cake for my birthday -- can't wait!!!  :)  

They always have samples to try when you go in, which is great.  I go to the 32nd Street location, and they make great sandwiches for lunch.  Can't remember the name of my favorite -- it has turkey, cranberries, and cream cheese and is terrific.  

Gluten-Free Creations dramatically improved the quality of my life.  I'm going home to PA this summer for several weeks and will be having GFC ship bread, rolls, cinnamon buns, etc. for my trip.  I can't live without them.  :)
Don't own a gluten free shop if your not gluten free yourself. Old guy could not answer any questions about gluten free products and any possible symptoms. The whole place is one giant freezer. Let us buy the stuff fresh and we can freeze it on our own. Uninviting atmosphere in rundown strip mall.
Let's face it, the majority of Phoenix Area residents were not born here.  We were transplanted from somewhere else for a variety of reasons. Most of these transplants, of which I am one, originally hail from somewhere in the Mid-West. Myself from Illinois and Amy (my PhoenixBites colleague) from Oklahoma.

What we have gained in warm winters and sunshine all year we may have lost Granny's recipe for Chicken Noodles served over Mashed Potatoes or Aunt Bessie's heavily guarded recipe for Broasted Chicken. If you have been contemplating a move back to your roots, I am here to save you a little money on relocation fees!

Bobby C's Cafe has all of these great Mid-western classics and so many more. Bobby Carrillo and his Mother-In-Law, Claudia Titus (yes, you read that right!) opened the doors on the 5th of November of 2010 and have been enticing patrons with their fresh every morning Rainbow Donuts and small town classics.

Bobby was originally in the construction business and when the economy started to bottom out he realized that it was now or never to pursue his dream. He had always talked with his mother about opening up a Burro shop, and after she passed he realized that there's no sense waiting around for the "right opportunity", so he went for it.

Bobby C's Cafe is a culmination of old family favorites along with delicious breakfast burritos and they are always willing to hear from their customers.  They welcome menu suggestions as well as any other ideas you might have. One customer that frequents the cafe for his morning coffee and donut mentioned that they really preferred to have a coffee mug for their coffee as opposed to the standard Styrofoam cup. From that suggestion, Bobby and Claudia are working on a few ideas of how they can make that happen for their customers.  Little things like that, listening to what your customers likes and dislikes are, is a true testament to the level of care and service Bobby C's provides.

Did I mention the food?  Bobby C's uses only fresh ingredients with the majority of the menu items being made to order. On the morning of my visit I had a delightful Chorizo Breakfast Burrito.  I have a dirty secret - I have been known to frequent an establishment or to with 'Berto' somewhere in the name, just to get my breakfast burrito fix.  Often times with these burritos, you end up with a nice stream of red grease down your wrist.  No such situation at Bobby C's.  I can honestly say that I have never had such a light chorizo burrito.  It was full of flavor but not greasy - perfect.  I have to mention that I also had both of my boys in tow when I visited.  Both Bobby and Claudia were great with them. They were both very friendly and interacted with both boys.  As a mom, I really appreciate when people acknowledge my children and don't ignore them as a nuisance.


Chorizo Breakfast Burrito

Bobby C's Cafe is a great place to go for a donut or a full on breakfast. They are open Monday through Saturday from 6am to 2pm. They have a fair sized dining room, nothing fancy, but very comfortable. You won't find any meal combination, whether breakfast or lunch over $7.00.  (My chorizo burrito was only $3.99.)

It was delicious, but I have to say that while we were eating, I overheard another patron talking about how amazing their Fried Bologna sandwich was and I may have shed a tear. Their sandwich was topped with a fried egg, cheese and green chili.  I die.  Next time, Bobby and Claudia, next time!!

Make sure you call (623-587-4706) or check their Faceook business page to check on their weekly specials. They are located at 2040 W Deer Valley Road in Phoenix, 85027.

Bobby C's Café | 2040 W Deer Valley Road | Phoenix, AZ | 85027

Review by Taryn Jeffries, PhoenixBites Staff Writer
http://phoenixbites.com/2011/02/22/comfort-food-cafe-style/
First time here, came for lunch and realize they serve many different meals at all times of day.  I only tried one of the lunch bowls and a small soda.  For $8.90 I'd not do it again.  It wasn't great but it wasn't inspiring either.  Rice, highly chopped chicken, jalapenos and a heavy sauce.

Again, they might have other foods which are worth it but I would not go back for one of the bowls.

Ever heard the saying "Jack of all trades, master of none".  
Its a donut shop, its a deli, its a cafe, its a family restaurant, its an Asian fast food place...well, we found out differently

We were looking for something different for lunch so turned to Yelp and decided to try the "Ninja Bowl".  Then found there is no place with this name.  No street sign, no door marker legend, no mailbox.  Nothing.  We had to do some hunting and asking (I hate asking) and found out the truth.  There are four names on Yelp for the same address and same location:
1) Ninja Bowl
http://www.yelp.com/biz/ninja-bowl-phoenix
aka
2) Rainbow Donuts Bakery & Cafe
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-bakery-and-cafe-phoenix
aka
3) Rainbow Donuts & Deli
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-and-deli-phoenix
aka
4) Bobby C's Cafe
http://www.yelp.com/biz/bobby-cs-cafe-phoenix

All the same address, phone number and location.  I charged it on my Credit Card and it showed up on my bill as Bobby C's Cafe.

Had a terrible time finding it and while I only tried the Sizzling bowl the cost of $8.90 for rice, finely chopped chicken and gluten spicey sauce plus small soda doesn't warrant another visit.
Nice friendly breakfast and lunch place. Donuts, breakfast and lunch meals, etc. OK so its in a strange little mini mall, but the food pretty good and the staff is friendly and personable.

For $5, I got a very large egg burrito and a drink. I enjoyed it and would go back if in the neighborhood.
This is my second trip here.  The first was shortly after the current owner had bought it and several of the Rainbow donut / Ninja bowl signs and menus were still up.  I picked a breakfast sandwich from the menu and was informed they no longer had all the ingredients for that one and we went through the bread/meat/cheese options and he managed to make a pretty good sandwich.  I didn't care for the coffee.  At that time he mentioned within a week he would have the new menu put together.  Today I finally stopped in again and they have all the new signage and menus in place.  I ordered the breakfast plate and it was fine.  

Real friendly owner.  He apparently has a bunch of regulars that wandered in and out while I was there.
This place is great! First time there was with my fiance and son. My son had a donut, I had the fried bologna sandwich, and my fiance had the chorizo burrito. Everything was great! The sandwich took me right back to my childhood and the chorizo burrito was the best I have had. The following weekend I came back with my son and got the burrito and he had a donut. Again, everything was very good. The service is perfect, Bobby is friendly and remembered us from before. My fiance went for donuts with our son and now tells us he wants to go see Bobby and get donuts almost daily. The place is cute and clean and feels very relaxed. I'm glad we decided to stop in instead of go to Dunkin Donuts down the street. The only thing that would make this place better would be if there were iced and blended coffee choices. I see this being a fairly regular weekend spot for us. And I can't wait to go in for a homemade meatball sandwich!
Homegrown mom n' pop shop.  The owners are SO friendly and they remember me every time I walk in, which isn't as often as I wish it was. :)

This place used to be the old Rainbow Donuts and the Ninja Bowl.

They still have the donuts, and yes, they still have the Ninja Bowls, which are the many forms of teriyaki chicken. (white meat, dark meat, white rice, brown rice, veggies, spicy... you name it)

They also do other random meals, like Philly Cheese Steak, and breakfast burritos. 

I think it's quite charming... just know that it's tucked into this little industrial area.
Pizza steak for lunch today...ribeye sliced with homemade marinara. Mozzarella melted on top served on a toasted hoagie roll. Perfection!
Update time

I had an eggplant sauteed in olive oil and spices, served on a hoagie roll with 3 cheeses, and egg, lettuce, tomato and a sprinkle of salt and pepper. IT ROCKED

Bobby will customize anything you ask if he has the food to make it. JUST ASK.

No sides just plenty of sandwich.
I'm such a fan of mom and pop operations. This is near my work and I drove by it all the time thinking "I should go in there." I did a few days ago and do not regret it! The owner greeted me when I walked in and was very polite, chatting with me as though I was a real regular. I had an Italian sub and some chips and boy was it good! It was a lot of food for just one person and they made it with extra meat because I didn't want the veggies. SCORE! As I was eating my meal, the owner brought me out a doughnut to try. He moved about the shop while he wasn't making/taking orders and talked to the regulars and myself. It was quite a pleasant experience and I will absolutely be going back.  Thank you to Bobby C and the staff for helping make a crud day at work much better.
Funky little breakfast and lunch cafe with an ecclectic menu.

Some may say a jack of all trades masters none, but to know a little about everything is exactly the kind of knowledge a cafe "chef" should have.

Where else in the known universe can one indulge in a Rainbow Doughnut and breakfast burrito in the morning, then come back to the same place and not be able to decide if you want a pizzasteak sandwich, spicy Terriyaki chicken bowl, or fried bologna for lunch?

Awesome friendly service from Bobby, too. Yes, that's him. Say hello and make a special request.  If he has the food in the building, he'll cook it for you however you like!
My wife and I went to Bobby C's for breakfast this morning.  We had high expectations after reading the reviews.  Unfortunately, it was a big disappointment.  First of all, they had no donuts although they're advertised on their outdoor marque in large letters!  I ordered a fried egg on an English muffin, and my wife had an egg with ham on an English muffin.  We both had a cup of coffee.  The tab was an unbelievable $11.98.  Needless to say, we will not be going back.
This is a family run business that is clean and they truly care about customer service. Last time I was in there I had a Ninja Chicken Bowl which seems to be their specialty. It consists of mainly rice with chunks of chicken and A LOT of soy sauce. They owner asked me how I liked it and I said I didn't. So at least they care enough about the customer. But I just can't bring myself to come back. There wasn't another customer during the whole time I was at this place.
Finally, central Phoenix gets a BoSa Donuts! Perfectly housed in the former Carvel Ice Cream building in the Thai Lahna strip center, walking into the space is like being transported to a sanitized version of your favorite 24-hour SoCal fried dough joint (and much more cheery than Rainbow on McDowell, which has seen better days). On this maiden pre-work run, I stuck with a maple long john and coffee. The dough was tender, with no off flavors from old fry oil or chewiness from sitting around, and the icing had a nice sugary snap. The coffee was standard-I am eager to try the chai milk tea with boba pearls on my next visit.

The only small suggestion I would make to the owner is provide a little more seating and turn up the AC ever so slightly. I know donut shops are usually a tad toastier than other eating establishments, but if you are going to offer free Wi-Fi and stay open until 10, it will definitely help build a visible eat-in clientele at this new location.
At first, I thought Bosa had only in a couple locations in the valley, but after we moved to Central PHX, I've realized that Bosa has become a DYNASTY.

I have always had a passion about donuts. Even when I was at my peak health, there was room for donuts.

Bosa just does it right, the Cinnamon Crumb is clearly the best donut, but even the cake donuts rock. (Please dont' make me regret recommending this flavor, leave one for me from time to time, friends)

Coffee is usually quality, and black as night. The Dunkin's in the area seem to have a real problem with consistency, but not the case w/ Bosa

I too look forward to trying their take on Boba Tea, but it's gonna be hard to beat The Street.

Take it from a guy who could put away a dozen donuts, but has the will to eat just one at a sitting... Why waste your calories on crappy cakes, candies, etc, Donuts are the way to go.
Just like the box says best doughnut in town.  Can't stop thinking about the Apple Fritter I had.  Very friendly staff to top it off.
The best donuts I've ever had.
One of my roommates was extolling the beauty of Bosa.  I asked if they were as good as Rainbow, but she had never tried Rainbow.

So - we decided to do a taste test.  Three of us in the house - so we would get 3 different (but like) donuts from each.  The plan was to bring them back home, cut to sample size, and note flavor, texture and overall preference.

The guy roommate's favorite is glazed raised.  The gal leans to sugar raised and I figured glazed old fashioned is a safe baseline for taste testing.

We went to Rainbow first.  No problem getting the donuts we wanted.  I also picked up a half dozen donut holes.  Was not thrilled to be charged $0.50 for the box, but c'est la vie.  Girl roommate also got a watermelon frappe type of drink.  A bit sweet for my tastes, but very, very watermelony.

Next stop Bosa.  They didn't have regular sugar raised - used powdered sugar instead.  (I have a hard time trusting that the regular sugar didn't stick - somehow they managed to make it work at Rainbow!)  So the granulated vs. powdered sugar raised would not be as scientific a comparison, but we'd make do.  No problem with the glzed and old fashioned.  We also picked up ham and swiss croissants.  One can never have too much pastry, right? :)

Results - 
     Glazed raised - Bosa was slightly denser and chewier - more mouth satisfaction.  Rainbow was cloudlike fluffy and light.  Great texture, but we didn't feel satisfied from chewing.  Rainbow was slightly sweeter.
          ~Votes - 3 for Bosa.~
     Old Fashioned - textures were identical.  Rainbow had a slight lemon (or maybe aspatrame?) flavor in the back end of the tasting.
          ~Votes - 1 slight lean to Bosa, 2 Draw~
     Sugar raised - texture of donut was identical to glazed raised above.  (duh - same donut, different topping.)  The gal roomie likes granulated.  The guy roomie preferred the powdered.  I liked both.
          ~Votes - 1 Bosa, 1 Rainbow, 1 Draw.

So, Bosa comes out with a slight edge.  And we came out with a slight sugar rush.  I can't help but wonder what our next scientific food research challenge will be!
Great place to grab some cheap donuts. I went around the opening weekend. The donuts seemed really fresh. They were a little heavier than I prefer, but this is about the type of donuts one would expect from this type of shop.
Recently opened one by my house and u wish they hadn't!! These ate the most delicious donuts I have ever tasted!!  I want to eat them everyday!!  Friendly staff, good prices, and soooo very addicting!
Bosa donuts boasts the best donuts i've ever had. They are so good, you cannot just eat one. By far the softest and tastiest donuts around.
Ummm... Drive-Thru boba? How can this be a BAD thing? Well, it just so happens that it CAN'T! Thai Iced Tea, Taro, and Honeydew too! This place is the BEST! The lady who runs the counter is VERY nice and the donuts are delicious! Stopped in for a Honeydew melon boba and a ham and cheese croissant and my kids spent the next hour munching quietly on donut holes, which was just a reward in itself! The prices are cheap, the service is friendly, and I will take BoSa over Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts ANY day of the week! Also an FYI, ignore the BoSa website - this location does NOT serve kolache's and they have their own hours which I believe are 5am-10pm every day!
Very fresh and great tasting donuts.  Wonderful customer service.  Believe it may be family owned.  A regular stop for us.  By far, the best donuts in Phoenix.
I found Bosa after an amazing meal at Becketts Table. I know, what the hell am I doing going across the street after a huge meal. Well, with experiences at great donut places in Texas, I have always wondered where the great donut place is for AZ.

Bosa Donuts is that place! They carry all the classic donuts and you won't be let down. These are not like the large chain donut places. Bosa donuts are always fresh, whether you are there at 6:00am or Midnight. Yes, I know. 

Bosa Donuts is THE Donut Place in PHX!
Awesome!  Simply the best Apple Fritter I've ever had in my life.  And cheap!

STRONG coffee.  You've been warned! :)
Step over Krispy Kreme! Bosa has the best donuts I have ever eaten!
You have to try the creme filled ones too!! A customer brought some in for my employees and I have been thinking of them ever since! My employees have too. Found the address and am driving across town  to get some more.
They must use all the ingredients of the old days to taste this good.
Delicious treats at an amazing price. This is not a combination that is found often. I had heard so many people rave about these donuts and when I finally tried them I confirmed they were not lying. My favorite is the apple fritter. The standard glazed comes in a close second. They are open until 10pm and their drive thru is open 24 hours. Great for a late night sweet craving. Yum!!!
BEST DONUTS EVER! love the old fashioned donut, and all of the jelly filled. The employees are very friendly and the donuts are to die for. A dozen donuts is around $8.
AMAZING.  I was turned on to Bosa by a co worker an I have never looked back.  Located in what use to be fast food place Bosa ROCKS.  They remind me of the place I use to go to as a kid.  Perfect fluff and crispy-ness.  I highly recommend Bosa to anyone.  The only problem is that it is going to equal extra time at the gym, because I have yet to eat just one when I get them.  Which one is your favorite???????? :)
I'm personally not a donut fan but a Drive-Thru donut shop really intrigued me, so I had to try it. They also sell coffee, and iced coffee concotions. And even Bubble tea options.  I ordered a Cappucino but I don't know if there was a misunderstanding at the speakerbox but I ended up with some blended ice drink. It tasted a little ''powdery''.

The donut I ordered was a cinnamon sugar one. It was so soft and delicious. (I felt a little sick afterwards but again, I'm not a big donut person.) From the menu it looked like they have at least 12-15 donut options.

Definitely will come back for donuts but I'll probably stick to Starbucks for my cappuccino.
Yelp saves the day again and I end up at Bosa's Donuts. My mission was initially to search for Thai Tea with Boba in the local area and I end up at cute little donut shop. Its cute and cozy in the inside and offers free wi-fi  and a drive thru! The tea was good and the boba was cooked well and proportioned (no one likes to be skimped on boba) Even though I came for tea I couldn't help but notice the eye candy of donuts galore. There was quite a selection and decent prices so I couldn't help but walk out with half a dozen donuts on impulse and curiousity. I'm no donut connoisseur since I tend to go to Quicktrip or fry's for donuts but bow chicka bow wow these donuts were soft, fluffy, and delicious. Even though I don't live near by I'll make the effort to stop by. Did I mention there is a drive thru? What more can I ask for?
I stopped in with a buddy of mine  to get a few donuts. The place looked like a regular donut shop by the naked, and it was in the afternoon so I didn't think  I was in for a good donut. I was totally wrong!!!   These donuts were amazing. Better then Krispy Kreme I have to say, and I am a fan of Krispy Kreme. 

I tried 3 donuts. The apple fritter, small chocolate sprinkle donut, and original glazed. Apple fritter was amazing, but my favorite by far was the original glazed. You can't just have one!
Delicious Donuts! Great service. My new neighborhood donut shop. I'll be back for the #1 combo - two donuts & a coffee. Perfect.
Oh.my.god. Best donuts ever. The apple fritter makes me want to cry.
Love these guys!  Super nice.  Great assortment. Fresh and delicious!
These are the best donuts I have ever experienced in Phoenix. They are very fresh and doughy (duh, I guess..) and come in many different varieties. The buttermilk donut was very unique, I would recommend it. The old fashioned donuts are also very good, although a little dry. In the end, my favorite is always the chocolate sprinkle donut!

They are open 24 hours (drive-thru) so it is kind of hit and miss with freshness- I think they make new batches as needed, so some donuts on display are fresh while others are not. The inside part is open until 10 pm (even on sundays!) so this is a good random late night escapade.
I had Bosa donuts for the first time today.  I'm pregnant and was craving them really bad this morning!  We picked up a 1/2 dozen of assorted donuts and I couldn't even wait until home to dig into the box.  However, I was extremely disappointed and felt the quality of donuts was on par with grocery store bakery donuts.  Bleh! 

The only positive thing was they were fast and had a drive thru.
All I can say is yummm!  They make the best old fashioned donuts!  I am a sucker for a good donut and wouldn't bother with the corporate chains.... if you're going to eat a donut eat your donut here!  (or at rainbow donuts if you're up north)  The only thing that would make this place and rainbow better is if they had an espresso machine....   do yourself a favor and go get yourself a donut now!
Bosa Donuts puts the  "D'oh!" in DONUTS!
"AHHH. Donuts. . . What can't they do!"
Homer Simpson

Now that we got the Homer Simpson quotes out of the way, seriously; this place can turn you into HOMER SIMPSON!

When my buddy was telling me how he was addicted to this donut & I had to just try them! My reaction was "OK Homer they are just donuts!" & "You can't do much better than Krispy Kreme in Phoenix!"  
Plus; 
"Donuts? I told you I don't like ethnic food!" (Montgomery Burns)

He literally made me get in the car and drove to this place!

The look of disappointment just covered his face when the gal announced; They were out of the one particular one he had his mind set on!
So a week later he made it a point that we go back to this place...
Again middle of the afternoon and they were out of the "Chocolate Wheeler!"
So the following week mid morning we went by this place.
Again they were out!

By this point I'm thinking maybe the fact these suckers are like 85cents maybe they are good and they make a dozen or two & sell out!

The next day, after finishing a 3 set Tennis Match, in the parking lot in front of the Tennis courts I ask him so where are you going for breakfast! 
He just smiles reaches into the back of his SUV and pulls out a pink cake box, and opens the box! 

There are a dozen of these bad boys in the box! 
"Aye Carumba!" (Bart Simpson)

So with a "REALLY! you bought a whole "F"ing dozen look on my face" I reach in and pull one of these Famous Wheelers out!
I examine it visually; it looks no more special than any other donut! 

So as I sink my teeth into it I have to say; 
"OMG!" & I mean "OH MY GOD!"

I think I just had a FOODGASM! (yes it's a real word, you can Google it!) 
And I'm sporting wood just thinking about that moment!!!

I KNOW, I know, you must be thinking this guy must think he is writing "DEAR PENTHOUSE...!" But you know how when you fall in love with that one girl that pales all other relationships before & after her? 
Well to quote another fictional character this donut is "Simply Scrumdiddlyumptious!"  
To find out what this means I guess you have to get to Bosa Donuts before me & all the other "Homers" & spend 85cents!)

In comparison Krispy Kreme pales to Bosa Donuts! 

WARNING: You can't have just one!
I've never been one to be jonesing for doughnut holes, but these doughnut holes will have me struggling! They are light and fluffy, melt in your mouth, and not overly sweet. What makes them even sweeter is the price....one dozen for 99 cents?! Yep. Nothing more to say.
Nice staff. Fast Service. Delicious BOBA and donuts!
This is one of the few places in the valley to get BOBA shakes.  For this alone i give them 5 stars.
this place is awesome inexpensive and i totally suggest you try a 24oz strawberry banana smoothie with a glazed twist not to mention their drive thru is open 24/7 suweet!! i've been here plenty of times and will continue to go
Best donuts I have ever had.
BoSa Donuts rock my world, Apple Fritters and Twist are my favorites. This location is near my job and stop on my way into work when I am feeling generous. I have had their donuts stay fresh in the box the whole day into the next day, you cannot go wrong with a BoSA $6.99 dozen.
These guys have some yummy donuts and the prices are great.  Their donuts seems to be more authentic... they feel more hand made than machine made.   I'll be back.
I'm a huge fan of Bosa. They are open 24 hours a day and their Bagel sandwiches don't mess around. Delicious!
it's 5:00 am on Friday and I don't want to make breakfast.  Fortunately, there is a solution right down the street.  The daughters always rave about this place, but this is the first time for me.

I am greeted warmly by the aroma of freshly made donuts as I enter the clean and well-lit Bosa.  Right up front is a glass case with all sorts of hot, sugary goodness.  Glazed seems to be the most popular as there are sugar, chocolate,  and flavored glazes, some with sprinkles and some not. 

I picked up a dozen for the family - hey, three each is not too much, right?  I got some Boston Cremes right off the rack, still warm - definitely the best way to get donuts.  The price was right, I made it out the door with more than half a twenty still in my pocket.

Unfortunately, when I got home, the Boston Cremes were missing the filling and those were special-ordered by the fam.  Guess I'll just have to try again another time.
Amazing donuts! Seriously, the best donuts I have ever had in my life. And, their jalapeno and ham croissants are worth making the drive from Sacramento for. We went there three times during a week long trip to Scottsdale after reading the reviews on Yelp. Worth the 20-minute drive every time. Bosa Donuts, we will miss you!!!
Good donuts, period.  They have all of the classics and usual suspects plus some alternates for when you're feeling adventurous.  Case in point is the buttermilk donut; this ornate gem melts in your mouth.  The texture is the perfect mixture that I cannot even put into words, and the flavor is amazing.  

The standard frosted, sprinkled, filled, and maple bar characters are all here as well, and far better than the fast food feel that dd or kk will leave you with.  

The interior and staff is an odd mix, but they know how to do donuts right, so who am I to turn a brow?
Best donuts hands down! We go every Saturday before soccer with our boys. They are to die for- a must try.
One of my co-workers had told me about Bosa Donuts and said it was the best donuts she had ever had.  Wow, I'm truly a fan; they are very light and do melt in your mouth...YUM, YUM, YUM....
Bosa Donuts has the best donuts in the Phoenix area, hands down. Additionally they offer a variety of delicious boba Flavors that are incredibly refreshing in the Phoenix summer. I'm absolutely in love with their apple fritters and melon boba. For a morning treat or an after-party snack, Bosa Donuts is the place to go!
I've been to the locations in Chandler and Mesa and one word describes both locations: Fresh.  Their donuts are consistently soft and fresh.
So... My boyfriend and I found this place as one of the few (if not only) donut spots in Phoenix that's open 24/7. After he had a craving for donuts at 1AM, it had good reviews, and I saw on yelp that they served boba there, we decided to give it a go. When we got there, he first ordered a boba for me and began his dozen donuts order. The donuts he wanted (namely chocolate... Simple to make you would think) was not available at 1AM. He then asked for another type of donut (Boston cream)... Not available. Only ones they said they had at that time of night was glazed, raspberry filled, and lemon filled. He declined the donuts altogether because he was frustreated with continually getting "sorry, we don't have that".

I gave this place a one star on his behalf and because I had my boba drink and it was descent, however, nowhere near the best I've tasted. I like my boba squishy and not too rough to chew. I tried boba at this one Viet restaraunt that was better but that's another yelp review in the making.

Overall, case and point: we may have been better off going there earlier in the day and their selection seems to be EXTREMELY limited after typical business hours. If your business is said to be open 24 hours AND you're one of the only open available donut shops in the area that never close, PLEASE have a majority of your donut selection available around the clock. Thank you for reading this rant.
Could you please make one close to queen creek. I love your products but they are far away and I can't eat them as often as I would like. YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY
I generally wont eat donut's not worth the calories, however their donuts are simply amazing

light airy with a nice crispyness to the outside - simply amazing

i recommend the coconut glazed with the crispys on the top (looks kind of like the gem hostess donuts) 

worth every calorie
Dont believe the hype! Uncle Sals is very average.  I love good Italian food.  I only gave it 3 stars because I couldn't give 2.5 stars.  The Cesar salads had to be 80 degrees and lacked any real spice, 2 croutons.  My Wifes veal Marsala was tough, the sauce was lacking, the green beans were mush. My veal parameasan was good but it had an inch of sauce on top, the alfredo was ok.  I dislike meat on top of pasta or potatoes  because when you cut it you crush it into the pasta  The wine list was good, the teramasu was good. For $240 for four people it wasnt worth it, subtract $78 for wine it was still high.   Overall the restaurant was average not at Marcellinos five star rating by any means.
Not just a treat for the taste buds, but also for the eyes. These are the best looking donuts around. The only drawback I can see is that there are so many tempting choices that I find myself staring at them with my mouth watering and my eyes glazed over. The smell alone as I walk in the door is enough to send me into blissful happiness.
The donut holes, old fashioned donuts and fritters are amazing. Coffee is delicious too! So much better than any of the competitors. I am not even a big donut person but every now and then when it is time for donuts, this is where I go!
I have to say I am a bit surprised that this donut place is a consistent #1 and well-rated Phoenix area establishment. I live close to the place and have been once... AND I have a weird affinity for donuts. I wasn't impressed, it's your average donut place. 

Maybe it's just me. I'm just not the type to get super excited about a donut place unless they're doing crazy things like Voodoo in Portland... I've never seen bacon on a donut at Bosa... Just run of the mill selection.
This is a great place. The treats here are delicious and the sandwiches are yummy too! The prices are right too. Like I said, just a great place all around. They are even open late, convenient for just about any time. Sometimes the service can take a little time through the drive thru during the afternoon but there's usually only one person working and they can only do so much at a time. They are always very nice, good attitude, and are definitely worth the wait. I love donuts, period. But the bagels here are really good too. If you get a sandwich try it on a bagel, it's soo good.
There are some days where you just want a delicious little treat for yourself. When I'm having one of those days I love to come here for a honeydew smoothie or an iced coffee with a glazed or buttermilk doughnut (My absolute favorite). There is no reason to go to a chain like DD or KK for delicious doughnutty goodness when these guys do it better!! I've also had one of their apple fritters that was super delicious too! I have only gone through the drive through but have only had excellent service.
They have boba! I have been searching the valley for a bubble tea place and someone told me that Bosa has it. I had the Thai tea with boba and it was delicious. I do miss my boba being in a sealed cup but happy to have found a boba place in the Valley.

Also, had the chance to try a donut hole and it was yummy. I'll definitely be going back here to try more of the menu.
DELICIOUS!!!

I never really like donuts until I had a krispy creme, and no donuts have ever been good enough when held to those standards... until now.

these donuts are amazing!

my coworker brought in 2 dozen of bosa donuts and I can't believe how good they are. very light and fluffy when biting into them. I tried a white sprinkle one, a chocolate sprinkle, and some cinamon crumbly kind - all tasted like heaven. 

much better than dunkin donuts

and they have a drive through too!
Best Donuts in Phx!
I am sucker for a buttermilk bar and theirs are amazing!  They are heavy and filling not like Krispy Kreme light and airy.
They also have a drive thru - making them awesome!
Alright. I feel that my first review was a bit unfair. I went back last weekend for a coffee and a donut.. and I must say, the donut was pretty good. I think the first time I went I was a bad donut picker. 

I plan on returning!
These donuts are amazing!  Super light and fluffy and a good size also.  Plus, they are a good price.  I got half a dozen for right around $5.  Definitely better tasting than anything else I've had locally and just as good if not better price.
Great doughnuts and pleasant service. Nice selection and hard to choose from them all but the buttermilk doughnuts and the apple fritters are to die for!
I went there yesterday for the first time with my husband and we had bagel sandwiches(ham&cheese, tuna) and donuts(chocolate covered, toasted coconut) which we enjoyed them a lot. 

The donuts are very soft and fresh. I found them a bit too sweet but my husband seemed to enjoy the sweetness. I still think this place is one of the best donuts places in Phoenix. 

Good variety of donuts and they also have croissant and bagel sandwiches and boba drinks, which is very similar to Rainbow Donuts on McDowell. This place is bigger with more variety. 

Customers kept coming while we were there and a few customers were waiting all the time as only one lady was handling all the customers. Not that I complain about that but I felt sorry for her. She was handling all the customers inside and at the drive thru. But she was handling them very well and with a very polite manner saying "thank you for waiting" to every customer. She was pretty quick to prepare our order too. 

The price is also quite reasonable. I forgot the exact prices but a donut was around $.75 and  sandwich was $3.49 each if I remember correctly.
Welp, sorry to be the Negative Nancy amongst all these glowing reviews. It's kind of a problem with Yelp; lots of people say something's great and others just kinda go with that flow. Either that or they have no taste (hoping the prior; don't wanna seem too pretentious).

Anyway, the people who claimed these doughnuts are a step above Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Donuts are wrong. They aren't a step below, it's just that they almost taste *just* like Krispy Kreme doughnuts. I had a chocolate-filled glazed, a much-recommended (on here) buttermilk, and a chocolate iced chocolate cake doughnut. 

The verdict: The chocolate cream-filled was more of a chocolate jelly than chocolate cream. After a bite, it was clear for the trash bin. The other two were not so bad, but seriously tasted just like Krispy Kreme; the "buttermilk" is just a knock-off of KK's sour cream doughnut.

Anyway, pretty disappointed given the reviews here. I suppose I've never liked doughnuts, for as one reviewer put it they have a "fast food feel" after eating them from Dunkin' or KK; unfortunately, as copycats these have that same feeling.
I've heard this somewhere before "you can't eat just one" Til next time.....
So good I should bribe the cop next time I get pulled over.
I go here every other Friday to bring donuts to work. Everyone at work asks me to bring them every Friday because they enjoy them so much. The buttermilk donuts are awesome and the fancy donuts as well. The service is awesome and they care about what they do.
There is a place called Heaven, and it is a Bosa glazed donut.  The donut holes are the best and a real deal at 12 for $0.99.  It's not a quick stop though, Arcadia loves them some Bosa so there is always a line in the drive through.  But the wait in line for a fluffy pillow that is a Bosa donut is soooooo worth it.
Best donuts anywhere!! Boston Creme and Vanilla Creme are my favorites. Only one person working the line for inside and drive thru can slow things down. Worth any wait you have to go through!!! I happened to be up early enough one morning to come in when the donuts were still fresh... HOLY @#$% they are good!!!  Krispe Kreme and whatever else you may be thinking is not on the same level!!
think you are the bossa me?
icing, glazed, all sprink-a-ley? 
caked and baked, cream filled eclairs
long johns, fritters, best beware
of your ass,  just watch it grow
belly bulges, buy new clothes
stil, can't get enough of you   
once ripped, just ripped my pants in two
flabby arms, damn, double chin
waist & hips, which once were thin
not any more, a donut slut  
waist thirty six or eight, my butt's
a set of flabby cheeks
can't help myself, christ, i must eat
two or three, there every day
heroin, can't stay away
perhaps you are, the bossa me....           
crave, i cave in, follow me
drive to thirty seventh street
this ritual, daily, repeats
itself, i'm heading west
bosa donuts, on the left
nine pacific, standard time
drive thru, sweet, there ain't no line
picture menu, tempts and tease
i'll take another dozen, please
buttermilks, once krispy cream
was the sweet stuff, that my dreams
were made of, came and went
but what replaced, is heaven sent
a little dough, it don't take much
a dozen runs just seven bucks
grab a coffee and chow down
your nuts, no doubt, the best in town
bossa me?, hell i hope not
can't help myself, i eat a lot
a donuts, since you came
to my 'hood, and you're to blame
for my man boobs, wedding ring
no longer fits on my fat fing
er..i'm weak.. no self control
a donut nut, cinnamon rolls
plain of fancy, filled éclairs
guess i'm willing, to declare
bosa, you are the bossa me
and for those, who don't believe
me,  people, check my gut
confirmed, no if, ands, or... buffed butt.
Best donuts I've ever had!
Taste buds are satisfied. I had been hearing about this place for the longest. Since I had a sweet tooth carving I decided to give them a try. All I can say is that I am glad I did. Wow! What a donut. All I ordered was a 99 cent dozen mini glazed donuts through the drive-through. Lets say there was not even a crumb left by the time I got home. I am impressed. There are many different donuts available along with breakfast sandwiches. They offer meal deals and cafe style beverages for a nice price. I will be back...
For my daughter! BOSA ROCKS!!!  She can scarf 2 doz. doughnut holes in less than 1/2 a block from leaving their window! " liitle puffs of heaven" she calls them. I got smart and order and pay for them the night before a sleep over. Usually order 5-6 doz. and that's only 3 girls. I grab them before they wake up...OMG! I am Mommy of the year when they wander into the kitchen! Why should the sugar high end at 4 in the am,that they think I did not know about! Yee Haaaaah! I know! I Know! But, you are only a kid once. I am totally organic, gluten-free. You just gotta BOSA!  Kind like op -op- op nam- gangnam style!  Bosa will rock your morning socks off!
Take this from someone who has never liked donuts. Nope, not even as a child. Nope, not even Krispy Kremes. 
These are AMAZING!!!
I could come here every weekend. So cheap (75 cents each) and so delicious! I got the chocolate sprinkle donut and it was just perfect. The frosting with silky smooth and the dough was like a pillow. I had to check them out to see if they lived up to the hype and they did! My husband tried the original glazed donut and he loved it as well!
I want to try more of their donuts, and also their smoothies! Their breakfast sandwiches don't look half bad, either. They even have a drive-thru! Staff were very nice and helpful. I will definitely be back.
Went here for the "little puffs of heaven" and the "chocolate wheeler" as mentioned by other Yelpers, found an old fashioned chocolate covered donut that looked like a wheel but the girl behind the counter said they didn't really have names. These are definitely good donuts and almost ate all 12 donuts in one sitting just to make sure. Didn't get the little donuts this time but figured I'd be back.
I stopped by a Friday morning a few months past and have been meaning to write a review. I've had donuts since then from other donut shops, but none compare to Bosa. The price and quality at Bosa are far superior to all others. You can't go wrong with the donut holes.
While it's rare to get a bad tasting donut, it's very easy to fall victim to the too greasy, stomach ache inducing donut.  The donuts at Bosa Donuts are THE BEST I've had in a really long time.  They're satisfying without being too greasy or heavy.  I wasn't even bothered that the selection was a bit limited when I went in at 8:40 pm.   Service was very friendly.  The interior is also really nice looking and looks more like a cafe than the typical donut shop.  The bathrooms were super clean as were the tables.
awesome donuts! glazed donut holes are great
Amazing!  The donuts are delicious and fresh the numerous times I've been.  The dozen donut holes for a dollar is a steal.  In addition to the donuts, the ham and cheese croissant (I get mine with jalapenos)  melt in your mouth!  (Sometimes they give you a croissant that's been baked previously, slice it open and slide in the ham, cheese and jalapenos.  This is still good, but the best way to have it is the stuffed one, where everything is baked in the croissant.  You might want to make sure it's the stuffed kind and not the impromptu version.)
Their donuts are awesome :) and that's not necessarily a good thing when I live and work less than a mile away!  The drive through is fast and easy and the people that work there all seem very nice and helpful.  Bonus points for having Thai iced tea.
They are just downright fluffy.  You've consumed far too many and it doesn't even feel like it.  They don't sit in your stomach like lead.  It's the most glorious donut experience ever.
I definitely will be returning to this place.  The doughnuts/donuts are as good, if not better, as krispy kreme or the like.  The guy working was incredibly nice and the fact there is a drive through spells trouble. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area, for sure. : )
Good!!!
I'm always amazed when I come across someone who has not TASTED a Bosa before.
I bring 5 dozen into where I work at the end of each month and gave Bosa-certificates as holiday gifts.  My evil plan is to bring everyone over to the dark and "fluffy/tasty" side!
(sinister laugh...)  My favorites are the Fritters, Apple-filled Crumbs and Toasted Coconut, and let's not forget the glazed donut holes! omg
I love bosa donuts i have been to several locations and this is by far the worst. The lady that works there with the funky colored eyeshadow has been rude to me on 2 different occasions. 

I have never been greeted by her. She tossed my card to me at the register when she was done swiping it. Little things like that just really piss me off. Especially when I am a repeat customer. 

I suggest going to the bosa donuts in mesa by bookmans! The people there are nice and the facility is very clean! Go where u are appreciated.
Hands down, this place has the BEST donuts in the valley!
Donuts are a staple of life and Bosa's is where one goes when the craving calls in East Phoenix.  Stay with the cake donuts and the crullers.
you must try the bear claw..which actually LOOKS like one.  I always say that I am going to have just 1 toe and I end up eating the entire thing.  You must try the tuna sandwich on the croissant.,  unbelievable.  Better than LGO!
This review is from their drive thru menu. Be careful to really look closely at this chaotic display of a menu, you may think that something is one price and its actually another. 
The items and prices are so close together in and in different sizing it looks like they just slapped updates up there and hoped everyone would figure it out. 
I figured out I had made a mistake when I ended up at the window paying 5 bucks for a taro boba....with whipped cream that I wasn't given an option to decline (I hate whipped cream on drinks.) When I was completely caught off guard by the receipt handed to me, because the attended didn't let me know the cost before charging me and I stupidly had not realized that I hadn't followed their menu since everything was close enough to be mistaken for another price or item on there. I spoke up and asked about it, the attendant was rude about it. The boba was cooked well, however not enough of a pull for me to pay more and have to deal with rude service/chaotic menu. Eh. Another for the DNR list.
AHH BEST DONUTS EVER!!!!!!!! Bosa is amazing, and anything you get there is fabulous. They have a drive through too!! It's awesome. Nothing bad to say about em!!!
Come!
Bosa makes the best doughnuts in Arizona.
Thanks to National Donut Day a few weeks ago I sort of got into a donut-kick. 

I heard this place had some really good donuts (but can you really go wrong with donuts?). 

My wife and I walked in and it was pretty slow. There was only one worker who was completing a drive-thru order. It took her a while to acknowledge us. We checked out the donut case and my mouth was watering. I swear I had a Homer Simpson moment.

They had so many good looking donuts! They were all so beautiful! I got a pink frosted donut with sprinkles. 

But the experience here was made even better by BOBA! 

I couldn't believe they had boba tea and smoothies! Throw back to my high school years. 

They had breakfast and lunch items too! Maybe I'll try one of them next time.
This place really sucks!

1. Doughnuts are crazy greasy and heavy.

2. Service is exceptionally rude. Snatching money and my card from my hand on two different occasions.

3. Pressuring the up-sell to a dozen! I had to ask last time while ordering a half dozen inside; if she were going to join my wife and I in controlling 4 kids hopped up on doughnuts and begging for more? So stop up-selling 4-6 to a dozen.

4. Rarely will your order be right in the drive thru. Open the box before pulling away!

5. They talk over you in the drive thru and inside while you're ordering. Actually had to  tell her "if you would please stop talking, you'd hear my order".

To other poster/reviewers that say this is perfection.....I question your palette..
Better off going to Safeway and getting them there, Bosa is aweful!
Bosa Donuts was an extraneous trip to put a small shop to the test of our high hopes. 

My fiancee and I love coconut, and we got a half dozen (for something between $5-6) just to get a good idea of the different types. We got one brown cake donut with chocolate frosting and coconut flakes on top. We got one brown cake donut with toasted coconut all over it and maybe other stuff. We got a chocolate bar, a maple bar, and a classic old-fashioned glazed donut. The last one we got was a crumb donut! 

The best was DEFINITELY the toasted coconut, followed by a tie between the other coconut and the crumb. The rest were really good versions of classic donuts. The dough is very unique here. It is not artificially soft like Dunkin Donuts. It is very textured and soft and homemade feeling. The donuts taste real, they taste balanced, and they taste awesome! They are not greasy at all, they have a perfect balance between moistness and dry. Also, these donuts have even more value because they are the biggest donuts I have received, at the same price as everywhere else other than the store.

The service wasn't a typical drive-thru, the guy there made me feel like a real person instead of a robot requiring artificial customer service input. In other words, he acted normal, and grateful, in a very simple way. That is how humans should be I feel, especially considering the awkwardness I feel when someone is being fake with me at the counter/drive-thru.

Anyway, these donuts are awesome. They are better than any other donuts I have had. The only place that comes close is a shop in San Diego that was also just as tiny and local called Sunny Donuts. Ironically they both have foreign people working there. Both seemingly Asian or Hawaiian.

My fiance and I were happy to not regret going somewhere new for once! :)

***I want to add that it was difficult to describe the cake donuts that we wanted because some of them are similar to each other. HOWEVER, the guy on the microphone was very helpful and coherent as to my details, and he got all of them 100% accurate! I was impressed! My fiance talked about maybe giving them letters or numbers for easy reference, but I have faith in that worker understanding over the intercom either way.
I love Bosa Donuts. I love everything about their donuts. My fave is their Chocolate cake donuts. I hate that I have to pass this location to and from my boot camp gym.. After a hard workout on my Birthday last week, I decided to stop in and get a donut. OK, so I was planning to pib out and get a half dozen. Please don't judge...I have a Size 4 figure...I can cheat now and then...

Anyway, I stopped in and the gal working the counter was helping a customer at the Drive thru. I stood patiently in front of the donut counter for five minutes waiting to be acknowledged but it never happened. All she had to do was say, "One moment, I'll be right with you." DIdn't happen. I was annoyed and just left. I'm certain I'll be back to this location...but I hope I the person working behind the counter is in a better mood. 

Gah...I'm craving a donut now...
hands down the best donuts in town so many to choose froma nd the 24/7 open drive thru is the shizz!
good boba too and a fantastic selection of drinks
I love BoSa donuts. They are so moist, sweet, and delicious. I've never had a donut from there that wasn't excellent but the buttermilk bar and the old fashioned glazed are my favorites. I love that they're open late for those of us who crave donuts at all hours.
After Boxing class this morning (Shhhhh!) I stopped in for a donut (Really, just the one, Dear!) and loved the customer service I received. Donut was delicious, I think.. I ate is so quickly I don't remember! :)
Went there the other day and got Thai Tea boba.  It was not bad, better than what I expected the boba was soft and chewy and the thai tea was nicely mixed.  The only downfall is that there aren't very many flavors for boba.
24 hours is a joke at this location and the service is just as bad. They should change their name to "We are out". It really does not matter that we got a late night donut craving and headed about 25 miles out of our way late at night to fill that craving...what matters is getting our hearts set on certain flavors and more than 1/2 of the time we are barked at "We are out". Really? 24 hours and you are out of everything? Not even as much as an "I am sorry, but we are out" no just "we are out". Maybe keep the lobby open 24 hours so that when you are out of EVERYTHING customers can actually SEE that you are out and not waste their time hearing "no" that's a bad word in customer service, yes sometimes it is not possible to always say yes, but NO should not be the primary word in a business priding itself to be 24 hours. Can you imagine going to Wendys late at night and ordering a burger and being told "We have no more meat in stock"....well then what is the point of being 24 hours? I guess just to pay some pissed off cashier to do nothing, but get an attitude with her customers because they are sick of being told no.

Onto the donuts, they were very good and flaky! I think my fave one was the chocolate with sprinkles. The raspberry one was OK at best....The filling was what I did not care for at all, but the actual donut was good! My husband liked the glazed the best. We both went there with our hearts set on a certain flavor and of course both left without those since this 24 hour location decided that stocking up was not a crucial part of being a good 24 hour location. I guess it is good that what we did get we, for the most part, liked enough to say we would go back......but maybe to another location if we were in the area.
Dear Bosa, 

I *heart* you. I really do. Just thinking about your delicious ham & cheese stuffed croissant makes the butterflies in my tummy all sorts of flippy-floppy. I didn't really care for the jalapeno-added variety, but it's not your fault. I guess I'm just not as much of a jalapeno lover as I thought I was. But the item on your menu that brings me nothing but unadulterated bliss is your lemon filled donut. So soft and yielding, I just can't help myself when I'm around them. Powdered sugar on my face, in my hair, all over my hands and clothes...it feels just as obscene as it sounds, and I want to continue this dirty romance for many, many years to come. I'm sure I will try your other options, the tryst I had with your sinful apple fritter was a one (maybe two-four) time thing. But I'll always come back for a sweet surrender to your doughy lemon lumps. *blush*
Great donut shop, love the apple fritters and cake donuts. Busy drive thru on a sunday morning but well worth the wait.
i both hate and love that bosa is only about five blocks from my house. their donuts really are that good. 

the cream of the crop is the buttermilk donut-it's moist, fresh, and delicious. i usually don't like super sweet donuts with tons of frosting/filling, so this is the perfect little glazed piece of heaven. i make everyone who goes here try one if they haven't already-they're really that good. 

i LOVE that they have thai tea here as well. i often swing by the drive through and just get that-although it is hard to resist getting a donut too. you even have the option of boba, and they have some other rad smoothie/drink choices as well (taro, etc.). 

i've also noticed they have sandwiches that look pretty good but i've never tried one.  hard to think about sandwiches when you have donuts on the mind!
Donuts like they should be. My kids and I really like the strawberry frosted donuts but they're all good. Too good. I'm glad they're far from me so I can't go often, lol.
One of the best donuts i've had in my life!  Apple fritter is to heavenly.  Addicting....check.  Fatening....check.  Isn't part of my Neanderthal diet....check.
OMG the best donuts I've ever tasted.... and I live in Los Angeles.  My mom took me to this place years ago and I always make it a point to go here when I'm in town.  Sometimes she just buys a few dozen and has it ready for me.  I'm a world traveler and I really love their donuts.  I've had some pretty good donuts in New York but these are hands down my favorite.  I wish they had a store in Los Angeles.  Then again maybe not.  LOL  

Super soft and moist.  Not too sweet.  Kinda pricey now and I wish they had those free dozen deals again.  Buy 2 get 1 free.  I always end up spending over $30 here.  My sister has 4 kids and we go through 2 dozen in no time.

I love this place.  Come to LA please. :-)  Hell, let's open a joint here.  Yes, that's how good they are.
after reading all the reviews I had to try this place and I'm glad I did...I had the ham and cheese croissant which I love but can't find in many places it was delish! Tried the lemon jelly donut, yummers- not to sweet, light and tasty, I left the evidence all over my clothes.
I have never had a better doughnut. They are like a drug you just gotta keep going back for more!
Super moist, sugary and delicious donuts and awesome smoothies WITH boba!  

You can't lose!
I love Bosa's =) !! 1: because they have some good donuts 2: they sell boba tea and 3: because they are open 24hours!!! I just love love loveeee the fact that they are 24 hours. Satisfying my late night munchies haha =D
Best donuts in the valley. They have boba. Open 24 hours a day. They have a drive through. Seriously what else do you need?
Very fresh delicious donuts and pastries including fancy donuts teas and coffees in the drive-through it's a little bit difficult for the people taking in order to understand you so check your bags before you pull away because it may not be adequate I've asked first couple different things and got something totally different than that great delicious donuts if you there at 2 AM most of the donuts are still warm when you going to them Yum Yum.
Great donuts even from a late night drive-thru doughnut run. I love that they're open so late (take note, Dunkin). The only problem with coming so late is that they're usually out of the top choices. Definitely go for a crumble or sourdough.
I recommend the Boston Cream Pie, jelly filled, or glazed. This place is the best donut shop in Phoenix hands down!
Great donuts. The best donuts I've found in Arizona so far. Moist, light, fluffy--all at once. Get ready to smell this place from across the street. So yummy!
We have been a fan of their donuts for quite some time and is often a breakfast choice on special weekends or when we have out of town guests that we want to impress. But, recently we discovered the croissants. Hot hammy, cheesey.... Amazing. Even the regular ones are so flaky and moist and delicious. Also, the donut holes are another delicious (and cheap) choice. I keep meaning to try their boba drinks, but I always happen to already have a cup of coffee in hand when we stop in here.
ARGGHHH. I love to hate this place. Why? For starters, they are open 24 hours. Do you have any idea how dangerous that is? It's good for me they aren't right down the block.

But when I finally do decide IT'S TIME FOR A DONUT RUN at around, oh, 11pm, I make that drive of shame just to find out they don't have any buttermilk or maple bars left, so I have to settle for whatever they have left.

Which I then promptly cram in my pouting face. (It's not my favorite, but it's still a donut, guys!)
At least once a month, someone from my office brings in BoSa donuts. They are delicious. The staff is great and can provide you with suggestions about variety if you get overwhelmed by the glorious bounty of glazed goods! PS they're open 24 hours a day. How do I know this? Certainly not from driving there at four am once to get a pink sprinkle and buttermilk (YUM)--did I mention I'm pregnant with sweets cravings???-- but really, I made my husband do that.
Yum. This is just what I was looking for. There don't seem to be many donut stores here, or maybe they're just spread out. This place is great, and worth a little drive from my house. Excellent donut quality. They have all the variety you would hope for and taste so fresh. They also serve coffee and milk and even boba. AND they have a drive through.
UPDATE: They could be even better if they had real espresso drinks. Found out today while trying to order a "cappuccino", which comes from a machine and cannot come without sweetener and a fake flavor. Why is it so hard to find a place with good baked goods AND good coffee/espresso?
The donuts are great when they are fresh. Problem for me is that I come in very early and sometimes feel like I'm getting leftovers from the night before. I hope they quality control and toss donuts that have been sitting out too long, but it doesn't seem like it. Ask for new ones off the rack if you're suspicious of old-looking donuts!
Best donuts in the valley.  Homer Simpson would feel right at home.  They have several varieties, flexible store hours and also a good assortment of drinks to wash down the donuts .  I opted today for the apple filled and triple chocolate cake with milk.  Both were yummy, the apple filling reminded me of apple pie.  I don't eat donuts often, but when I do I choose BOSA.
Just like they say - these are the "Best Donuts in Town"

They always have a great selection of fresh donuts and pastries. All are perfect - never greasy or stale! 

And best of all they are cheap - great for a quick bite.

Don't expect much more - donuts, coffee, smoothies, and a refrigerator with milk and drinks to wash those heavenly donuts down!
HOLY MOLY! 

My once a year donut cravings now have a home! A dozen donut holes for 99 cents? Shut up.... This is no joke. Plus its open 24/7- this could get dangerous since its only two blocks away from home. 

We got two of the normal donuts too. My boyfriend got a vanilla frosted one with sprinkles and I got a strawberry glazed one with pink sprinkles! yummmmmy! I am excited mostly because I feel like fried airy dough should be cheap, and obviously Bosa gets that. Reasonable prices, yummy, and there when you need it. Thanks for being so supportive, Bosa!
I was warned not to try these donuts due to their addictive properties.  I should have heeded that warning.  Now I get wild cravings for their moist apple fritters and boston cream donuts.  And not only do they have a drive thru, but they are also open 24/7! My mouth is watering just typing this review.  So do yourself a favor, don't even get started on Bosa. You'll never be able to quit.
I can't even. So amazing. The best glazed donuts of all time.
Lord have mercy.  This place is nothing but the devil.  My best friend and I found this place on Yelp, put it in the GPS and once we got there...we promptly lost our minds. How can I explain what this place is for a fat sugar addict? Ah, yes. It's heaven. Seriously. So many donuts. How can one decide? While other customers came in and quickly placed their order, we literally stood at the counter and salivated. Eventually we both left with our own pink box, but I will spare you the sordid details. Apparently, these donuts are sprinkled with crack because I'm kinda wanting to go back here for more as I write this review. Basically...they're so so so soooo very fresh, soft, fluffy and delicious. The glaze is in perfect proportion, the jelly fillings are delish and actually taste like fruit, the cream filled is amazing and their cake donuts....yeah. Equally amazing. Basically it's all to die for. And they hold up really well.  Rush here. You will not be disappointed...until you find yourself scraping off the last crumb of sugar from your box. That's when the sadness comes. I love this place!
Yes! Bing bong I love doughnuts and these are some good A doughnuts. They are open long hours too which is sweet. I've always had friendly service, no complaints.
I am a fairly simple man.  . . I want a donut. My preference is a good cream filled long john (i'm talking vanilla cream, not custard)

Here at Bosa, well they started out by noting that when they fill long johns they only fill them with custard (yech) - I had asked for a vanilla filled.  

After more looking I noticed some standard rounds that were filled with cream (WTF lady, I said I would like cream filled and you didn't think to mention you had one?)

So I got the cream filled and I must say it was the oddest vanilla cream filled doughnut i've ever tasted. I do not know what was in that donut but I can tell you it wasn't vanilla cream.  Just some weird sugary sweet white substance.

The glazed donuts were awesome, and the apple fritter thing was REALLY good as well.

Yet this place is definitely solidly meh-ok and no where near awesome.
They are not lying when they say "Best Donuts in Town." They are made all throughout the day and even when you open the box at your office/home/wherever, they are still warm and soft! I cannot wait to ruin my diet and go back!
Originally, I searched for a cafe or restaurant that serves boba drinks and I ended up finding this neat little place. They serve what known as Iced Thai Tea boba and it is excellent if you like sweet drinks ; )

The donuts are extremely well made and not hard so stale like many other donuts locations. Probably the best I had. I have been here since day one and will continue to come back. The staff are friendly and I have even met the owner.  

I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!
Half a dozen donuts for under 5 bucks? I get bring breakfast for my coworkers and it's not a fortune!! 

After reading the review at Bosa's, i decided to try it out myself. 
They are pretty busy in the mornings but it is not a long wait because they have around 5 workers. Donut holes are very cheap and I usually get a dozen donut holes and two donuts for my coworkers. They are open 24/7 and are constantly making new donuts. 
Today I've decided to try their smoothie with bona. Ohmygoodness! It was so good; definitely the best watermelon boba drink i've ever tried. BTW, they have a drive thru.
I have to issue this disclaimer: I've been following a strict low-sugar, low carb eating plan for the last 5 years so of course when I fall off the wagon, everything with even a HINT of sweetness tastes like gold to me. 

When I was visiting Phoenix and passed by Bosa Donuts and saw a line OUT THE DOOR, I immediately made a U-turn. My road trip foodie philosophy has always been "if you see a line, get in it." 

As a long time donut fan (I wasn't fat for the majority of my life for no reason), I was psyched to try these donuts. When it was finally my turn, the scowling hipster behind the counter helped me select 3: an original glazed, a Boston cream and an apple fritter. She was not too pleased that I declined her upsell to half a dozen so she scowled even more.

The standout in the bunch was the original glazed. It was soft and not too sweet. The Boston cream was fine (not worth eating) and the apple fritter was not my cup of tea. It was way too dense and way too sweet. The only thing that was completely devoured was the original glazed. I've had some fantastic donuts in the world (Lee's Donuts in Vancouver and Randy's Donuts in Los Angeles being my two favorites) and while Bosa's are pretty good, they wouldn't make my top 10 greatest donuts list. Worth a stop if you're in Phoenix but I don't see what the crazy fuss is about. Sorry.
I have to say that this place has the best apple fritters ever!!!!  Their sandwiches are awesome too!  I don't know about all of them but the tuna on toasted bagel rocks!! you have to get everything on it..  I think they put jalepeno peppers in the sandwich which gives it a little kick.  I used to get it on croissant but the croissant got soggy.  I've also tried the roast beef too and it's pretty good!
These donuts were fantastic. We were in the area on vacation and as is customary, I had to find a local donut shop. I could not have been more excited to stumble across this gem! My husband picked out an old-fashioned, chocolate-glazed donut. I grabbed a chocolate covered sprinkle raised donut as well as a chocolate-covered cake donut and I was blown away. Amazing crisp outside with soft inside, not too doughy and perfect frosting ratio. We were incredibly impressed, and the prices were great too!
The only thing that I hate about this place is that it is in walking distance! The service is always fast and friendly. I frequent here for their croissant breakfast sandwich. My favorite donut is the buttermilk and I always get a French vanilla coffee to wash it down.
Great staff, great donuts and reasonable prices.  They always have ample supplies and never run out of the best stuff!
Bosa is easily the best donut shop in the valley.  Take your Krispy Kream and shove it. Anyone can heat up a donut to make it taste better, but Bosa doesn't need that. They're great even if they're a day old. Also, everybody says the apple fritter is the bomb. I don't know about that, but the bear claw is filled with baked apples and I have never had a better donut, EVER, than that! Their cinnamon swirls are also out of this world. Yum!
The greatest donut shop on the planet...and they are open 24 hours a day...so donuts at 5am before work, donuts for lunch, donuts for dinner, donuts after a drinkun night on the town. And the best bit of goodness you could ever have in your mouth. 

My favorite is the buttermilk donut, it literally melts in your mouth, a sugary crisp outside with a soft buttermilk flavor on the inside, perfection in a donut. 

Plus this place has breakfast sandwiches, and all kind of extras, more juice and drink selections then you could shake a stick at. 

Mmmmmmm....donuts.
Good donuts, but the worst service ever! Every time I go there which is a lot since I live down the street, they ALWAYS mess up my order either i was missing an item (and still payed for it) or they make me pay more money then I should. Last time my girlfriend and I went there to eat they charged us $24 for 2 breakfast sandwiches that cost maybe $4 each, I had to literally scream at the manager to get a refund (paid with card) and it wasn't even in full they only gave me $8 cash and free food then had the nerve to say never come back again. I will never give my money or support to this establishment again
BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!

I am a very big fan of Bosa and their menu items. Delicious coffee, delicious doughnuts, delicious breakfast sandwiches and delicious boba tea. HOWEVER, someone there is engaged in credit card fraud and identity theft. My information was ripped off and sold to a third party harvester that tried to drain all the funds in my account all within the time it took to drive thru and order breakfast. But, fortunately for me I check my activity daily. 

I can't say I won't ever go back again, because these are the acts of an individual one would assume. But I would highly advise anyone who goes there to be a cash paying customer from now on. I know I will be.
So a friend of mine who is visiting from out of state told me about this place.  She raved so much about it that I just had to try it before I went back home!  OMG, the donuts here are DELICIOUS.  SO FREAKIN' DELICIOUS.  The service was little to be desired (maybe she was having a bad day but not even a smile from her!) but the donuts spoke for themselves.
Have to say that their service has improved a lot. Order has been correct and they seem to take pride that they are the spot on Baja Arcadia for doughnuts. Haven't been hard selling the up sale and polite and courteous over the past 4 months. Kudos, keep up the good work.
Awesome donuts!  Boston cremes were just about perfect.  Kruellers were good.  The fritters - I've actually had better, but these were good still.  Their donut holes are so cheap and pretty tasty!
I haven't actually been to Bosa Donuts.  However, I work about a mile away and at least once a week someone brings some in.

Best donuts ever?  I think i'll agree.
I recently discovered boba smoothies when eating at a Vietnamese restaurant with my boyfriend and his family. I am obsessed! I searched on Yelp for boba tea in my area and Bosa Donuts appeared to be the closest place with a  drive-thru that sold them. The good news is they are open 24/7 so I am able to get my boba smoothie or tea fix whenever I want. I have tried their mango and watermelon and both were really good. My boyfriend has ordered the banana strawberry and the melon so far and he was also pleased with both of the flavors he chose. I also ordered my brother a ham and cheese bagel sandwich and he said it tasted amazing. I have only visited this location twice and late at night and there is a wait time which I don't mind because they take the time to make the drinks/food great quality. This is my new stop for late night munchies.
Donuts are bomb 

Coffee...not so good
The best, fresh donuts ever.  Heaven in your mouth.  Soft, delicate, sugary sweet glaze. Never shall u eat Dunkin donuts again.
Great Dunkin location.  They are always fast and friendly! Iced coffee and iced lattes are great! Hot coffee is too, but I order with 1/2 sugar.
Great coffee and great service from David.
Prior to moving to Arizona I lived in Massachusetts where there is a DD's every 100 feet. My daily coffee was a medium Turbo... twice a day for around the past 7-years, with the exception of whichever holidays they were closed. When I arrived in AZ I was excited to find a DD's 5-mins from my house.

The first day I went in for whatever reason they could not get my order correct - medium Turbo, light, 2 sweet and lows. This was the SAME way I've been ordering it for 7-years. By the fourth consecutive day the manager (I think his name was Tim) noticed that I seemed to be coming in after going through the drive-thru and questioned what was wrong. I explained that for whatever reason, my Turbo was getting sugar added, or was way to dark to be considered light, or the espresso shot was completely omitted. I also explained this had been going on for 4-days. 

After around 20-consecutive days - and honestly expecting the order to be messed up - the manager once again noticed me coming inside to fix my order. This time he asked me to repeat my order - Turbo, light, 2 sweet and lows - and proceeded to explain that it was MY fault that the Turbo was being made incorrectly. He told me that I shouldn't say "light" I should say "extra cream". Really? I had no idea Dunkin Donuts of Arizona had an inability to decipher the word "light" as meaning just that... LIGHT! He made me my coffee and out the door I walked.... NEVER to go back again.

The next morning I discovered my new love - a Starbucks medium caramel latte, 6 pumps, breve'. 

Starbucks... a place I never stopped at because of my admiration for the fantastic service I had received for countless years even before discovering the DD's Turbo. 

Thanks to the Surprise Dunkin Donuts I'm now a Starbucks Gold Card carrying member!

I gave this DD's 2-Stars because although they lost a 30+ year Dunkin Donuts  customer, it is always clean and bright and they have a nice outdoor seating area. Unfortunately, they don't know how to make a medium Turbo, light, with 2 sweet and lows.
Knock knock.. 
Who's there... 
Donut...
Donut who...
Donut just read the reviews, eat one! 

The drive thru is a little odd being in a strip mall. However it's a donut shop up here in Surprise. By the kids school, so I can drop them off and get a quick bite to eat on my way back home.
The weekend service at this DD location is absolutely AWFUL. On several occasions, during peak morning hours, I have waited in line with dozens of other customers while one very slow employee works at the counter and several others (including management) do nothing to help. The employees I have encountered on the weekends have no customer service skills either. No friendly greeting, very inattentive, no smile, no 'thank you' when you get your order. They look miserable and dress sloppily. And God forbid you ask for an item that is not in the racks behind them. I'm glad they don't have the nerve to put a tip jar out on the counter. It would be empty!!

In fairness to this store, there is one young lady who works mid-day during the week who is absolutely wonderful. (I wish I knew her name.) She is everything the weekend crew is not, and she should teach them a bit about customer service.

It is amazing how DD on the east coast is run so differently. You never wait in line more than 5 minutes, they greet you by name and know how you like your coffee. 'Light and sweet' is a legitimate request, and you always find the variety of product you go in for.
Maybe it was late in the day, and maybe they'd just been supremely busy. I don't know what hit that place but it was filthy. Every table I attempted to sit at was covered in crud and crumbs and the floor was a sticky mess too - even the staff looked disheveled and tired. The donuts were yum, bt wow, that place needs a deep clean......eurgh!
One things I learned about this area is the only donuts you are going to find are Dunkin  Donuts, and what ever donuts they have at the bakery section in the local super market. With that said, they have an awesome breakfast selection! My favorite is their egg whites and vegi flat bread!! Just a great taste, wife loves their hash browns! Donuts are OK, nothing like a mom and pops shop! Can not find any around here! Seems you have to go further east of here to find one? But since it's here, can not complain to much about it. It does it's job!
99 cent iced tea and ice coffee all summer long !!!
Still sooooooo slow!!!!! This store needs to take lessons from the Dunkin Donut stores back east where customer service is beyond excellent and the staff hustles!!!
Nice clean place, plenty of seating, great expanded menu selection. I would definitely eat here again.
I love Dunkin Donuts - They have seriously good coffee, their larges are super gulps of lattes (which being the coffee whore I am, I love it!) and aren't pricey at all! They obviously have good donuts, but their breakfast sandwiches are pretty amazing as well. But I mostly love the fact that it's a drive through and I don't have to drag my lazy butt out of my car to get my coffee and carb fix!
We like a good donut every once in awhile. Dunkin Donuts is usually great...but this Surprise one blows. There is nothing worse than having a craving for a Bavarian creme donut, just to get there and find out that they do not have any. This is the norm for this Dunkin. Every time we go there they never have the Bavarian creme donut. If it is soooo popular you would think they would want to keep them in stock so they could profit off of them. Guess that is not the case with this place.
Came here before running around. We ordered a sausage and egg cresant, 3 Chocolate iced with sprinkle donuts, and 1 glazed donut. We also ordered a large carmel iced coffee with extra carmel and a coke along with a cup of ice. Our total came out to 12.20 which was fine. When we got our order they didnt even give us the cup of ice we paid for, and when we asked for it they gave us the cup of ice with no lid and no straw. Also they place the napkins in the bag with the donuts. Chocolate icing alllll over the napkins... Arent they supposed to place each donut in wax paper type stuff? How do we know they even have gloves on while getting these donuts into the bags? The donuts seemed to be very freshly made.. As if they just iced them because the icing hasnt even set yet and it was dripping every time i tried to take a bite. They were fresh and tasted pretty good but the service here is terrible and they do not have good order accuracy. This needs to be improved on because they just lost a person who loves donuts and coffee.. Me. I will take my business elsewhere until they know how to package food in their bags and actually get an order right.
A small local donut cafe.  They have a pretty large selection of your standard donuts, nothing totally unique, but you will likely find what you're in the mood for.  In addition to the donuts is a pretty good selection of deli sandwiches.  There are at least 4 different types of coffee, and an assortment of flavoring too add to it.
What arête their hours? Their donuts are good.
The donut...  Arguably the best of all breakfast pastries, if not the best of all breakfast foods.  In this reviewer's opinion, Rainbow Donuts makes the best donuts in Phoenix.  

Their donuts are light and crispy and taste like they were made from scratch instead of culled from a 100lb bag of "donut mix" like the big chains.  Highly recommended.
I've been going to Rainbow Donuts since their first location was opened on N. Cave Creek Rd.  Then another one popped up on N. 7th St. in the Sunnyslope, AZ area.  And then, again, I drove by the E. Thunderbird location where another establishment had been and "Voila"  ~  Rainbow Donuts  ~  closer to my home than the others!  That's a "bad" thing, right?  Anyway, their donuts are top notch although the raspberry filled jelly donuts, usually my favorite anywhere, manage to disappoint.  Why, may you ask?  The jelly inside is a raspberry "flavored" concoction - not a derivative of actual raspberries.  Other than that, (and I HAVE to eat my donuts warmed up!)  Rainbow Donuts still continues to be my favorite.  When I was there last month, I perused their other offerings, as well.  In addition to donuts are breakfast sandwiches, muffins, bagels, lunch sandwiches, other pastries, espresso and smoothie drinks.  There are other valley locations, as well.  Try it - you'll like/love it!
Incredible donuts.  Nothing too fancy, no nouveau-chic gastronomique donuts (well, maybe a bacon topped donut, but limited), just all around solid, tasty, light, fresh donuts.  Krispy Kreme and DD doesn't hold a candle to these.  Highly recommended!
We just moved into the area and decided to try the local donut shop. The donuts were tasty and a reasonable side. My Boston cream was okay, but the cream was pretty biased to one side, so it loses a couple points. Verdict: a decent place, but it won't replace our valley favorite of Bosa Donuts.
My husband stopped by and bought a dozen for co-workers a year ago since we live close to here and he works in the East Valley.  It was an immediate hit!  Now it's just expected that he'll bring a dozen every week, and there is major disappointment if he doesn't.  They have very fresh and delicious doughnuts.  I knock them off a star for not fixing their menu (at the bakery and online).  They do not have muffins or cakes like their menu claims.  But doughnuts?  They know what they're doing!
Good donuts and great prices.  This is somewhat of a silly compliant but RC cola lol?  I know I know we go there for donuts.
Good donuts and great prices.  This is somewhat of a silly compliant but RC cola lol?  I know I know we go there for donuts.
Oh, Rainbow Donuts... I love you.  Passionately, unabashedly LOVE you.  There isn't a better donut in town - chains like Dunkin Donuts don't come close.  Every single flavor is fried to perfection with the perfect amount of glaze.  Mmmmhmmm. Delish.
Been here multiple times for donuts to take to work.  Every single time the staff absolutely loves these.  The RC cola is now gone too lol.
Best doughnuts in AZ! Super fresh, light, and fluffy. No other doughnut shop comes even close. Plus, they are very friendly and have great customer service.
Delicious amazing perfect doughnuts! Also very impressed with their bagel sandwiches which are super fresh and the bagels are to die for not preservative filled heaviness but light, tasty, mouthwatering.... Hard to find with bagels!!

We came here twice from California while visiting fam. Staff is super friendly and customer service is great. Highly recommended. Happy they exist!
I'm so happy we found this place. The donut holes are amazing! Exactly how I like them! The iced coffee is great and I love the variety of syrups available. This place reminds me of the donut shops I grew up around in the bay area! We plan on being regulars here!
Great donuts all the time every time! Cake and raised always on point, although I like cake best. Service is top notch too.
Food was okay, service was really slow, and selection was very poor. They were out of many things which I would think would be standard items. Overall, it was okay for the area, but I will not personally eat here again.
My husband and I are SO glad we discovered this place. It is 5 miles from our house but worth the drive. 

The donuts are fresh, great variety, great tasting and inexpensive. SO much better than Dunkin and Krispy Kreme IMHO.
Really awesome sausage sandwiches and mango smoothies. My kids loved their donuts too.
My coworker brought in donuts from this place and had me try one. AMAZING!!! It was so good and a million times better than Krispy Kreme and their air and sugar donuts.  One Rainbow Donut actually filled me completely up.  They're sinfully delicious.
I visit at least once a week and let me you, amazing donuts!  They are so fresh, soft, melt in your mouth! Huge variety, very cheap prices, and quick service too.  Don't waste your time at a gas station or supermarket, save your money and come here!    I also hear their lunch/deli is incredible but I have yet to try it.  Update soon!
I could eat a doughnut for every meal of every day yet I still haven't tried any of Rainbows doughnuts yet, because the rest of their menu is TOO GOOD! Their breakfast sandwiches are amazing and can be simple or deluxe depending on the ingredients you want. The supplies they use are so fresh, soft, and served hot. Quick, friendly service and very inexpensive! $12 for 2 breakfast sandwiches and some drinks rivals fast food prices. If they had a drive thru I would be here every day. Seriously recommend it if you're looking for a sit down restaurant quality breakfast without devoting the time (or having to do your hair on Saturday morning). I can't wait to try their lunches!
You can't go wrong clean friendly rather inexpensive as far as I'm concern 99 cents for a ice coffee hell yea no one can beat that I really have no complaints about this franchise at all five stars all the way
If I was on death row and got to choose my last meal, I would go with a box or two of Rainbow Donuts.  Hopefully, that would be enough to kill me, and I would go with a big powdered sugar, chocolate, glazed smile on my face.  But since I'm a happy free man, I choose to go to Rainbow for a healthier option (only 2 or 3 delicious donuts at a time)..
Fresh and great variety! Good coffee
Holy Cow! I haven't had a donut this good since I was in high school and the debate coach would send us to the little spudnut shop on main street in Bountiful, UT for a donut run. Golden Donuts is big, fluffy deliciousness!!!
Awesome .... They have the Ham and Swiss baked Croissant, which Paradise Bakery discontinued!! Will be stopping by a couple times a week..

If its morning I will try the coffee..

Good Luck to this business to stay !!
Freshest donuts, good coffee, boba teas. Fresh made bagel sandwiches, toaster sandwiches, crosiants.
Yum... great service, great hours, clean  as a whistle, great selection, and yum yum donuts!  Can't wait to try the sammiches and smoothies.  Love it!
I have no complaints at all about Golden Donuts.  

I've eaten food from here a few times and have visited the location once.

The donuts are really good.  I've had the Pastrami and Egg Breakfast Croissant, and it is EXCELLENT!

The facility is clean.  

The customer service is top-notch.  

Bye bye Bosa Donuts for me!  I can now have fresh made, delicious donuts from a privately owned bakery minus the 'tude.  (All you Bosa Donut customers know what I'm talking about..)  All smiles from here on out!
Really great place, with very friendly owners/workers! 

The food is really good; I've had the tuna croissant sandwich, and I really enjoyed it. My boyfriend has gotten the bagel pastrami sandwich several times, and we've tried the buttermilk donuts, chocolate donut, and apple filled bear claw! 

The donuts were delicious. I would definitely recommend stopping by to this place!
5 Star customer service!!!  Awesome and friendly.  Super accommodating.  They really give Bosa a run for their money, especially since Bosa's quality experienced a downturn.

My wife loves their glazed blueberry cake, and I like their strawberry iced with sprinkles.  My daughter loves their sandwiches.  Hope you stay around for a long time, Golden
Bosa, you've been dethroned. 

I don't know what miraculous alternate dimension Golden Donuts warped out of, and frankly, I don't care. What I do care about is a quality donut, and on that, Golden totally delivers. Perfect old fashioneds. French crullers without that all-too-common weird grittiness. Amazingly light, perfectly glazed raised donuts. Cinnamon swirls that actually taste like--get this!--cinnamon.

The stamp on the box boastingly proclaims them to be "The Best Donuts in Arizona," and I can't disagree. The only donut I can even begin to criticize is the long john, and it's not even bad, it's just that I prefer mine a little taller than Golden's flatter (but still quite delicious) version.
This place reminds me of the little donut places in NYC. The donuts are fresh no matter what time you go, and they're open 24 hours a day/7 days a week! Who does that in AZ! Yay!
Best donuts ever. Hands down. The people that work there are very nice and on the ball, the throw in free donuts every time we buy some! So consequently we've gotten to try donuts we wouldn't have ordered in the first place otherwise. I will only go here from now on for my donut needs. And now, I need their donuts. It's symbiotic.
Awesome donuts! The quality is definitely comparable to Dunkin & KK, but you get a lot more for your money.  Love, love, love the donuts here.  I rather support a local business owner over corporate chain any day.  Try them for yourself, it's only around $7 for a dozen!
We saw reviews on yelp and thought we'd give it a try. Glazed raised donut is sooo fluffy and airy, it melts in your mouth. Glazed cake donut is crispy outside and dense inside, the donut weighs heavy.  People at the store are super nice and it is open 24/7 just like donuts shops in NYC!  I'm gonna buy some more next week so I can share this goodness with people at work.  HIGHLY recommended!
Checking out hot new businesses on Yelp and I was thrilled to find this place as it happens to be very close to my home. Read the stellar reviews and was happy to give it a try. So I really (really) hate to be the one give it a less than stellar review...

Stopped in this morning for donuts and coffee. They advertise cappuccino so I was really disappointed to see one of those automatic machines you see in a gas station. Cappuccino was no good obviously.

Speaking of cappuccino, the lady serving me didn't understand that cappuccino is not a flavor. I ordered a hazelnut cappuccino (which I threw away after one sip), and the lady brought out 2 drinks. I said I only wanted the hazelnut and she said I ordered the hazelnut and cappuccino. NO. Cappuccino is not a flavor! Anyway, the miscommunication was a little annoying.

As for the donuts, pretty great. I ordered 1/2 dozen - glazed, sugar, toasted coconut, original, and 2 pink sprinkled (for the kids).

The toasted coconut was PHENOMENAL! I will return just for that donut. The original was hard and stale, and the others were good but not mind blowing. I've had better at Bosa consistently.

Customer service was icy. The cappuccino thing aside, the lady was not friendly or helpful. I was not greeted, she didn't say thanks or have a nice day. Nothing. And seemed annoyed that it was taking me awhile to decide which donuts I wanted (it was my 1st time there!)

Anyway, I'll probably return if I have a craving for that toasted coconut donut, but I'll probably drop my 79 cents on the counter (no tip) and get out. Given the great reviews, I was pretty disappointed with my experience today. Hopefully it was just a fluke.
For those of you that have been Bosa-Goers for years its time to step outside of the box and try this place out!  Now I know how difficult for you this might be but I think you will be pleasantly surprised with what is in store for you.

I cannot tell you how much more I love the service here, I have only been twice and haven't felt uncomfortable or unwelcome once.  Not only is it a good deal for mouth watering donuts compared to grocery store donuts I'd pay the extra couple dollars for decadent fried goodness in my mouth then donuts that aren't as amazing as this.  I still need to try the rest of the donuts I got today and more from golden donuts I didn't select today. I wish that we could get samples of donuts that way you know what is going to be your favorite.  I mean bosa and golden donuts are both amazing quality donuts and much better of a deal than krispy kreme is, but one of these days ill have to get the same donuts from Bosa and Golden donuts and try bite for bite to taste the huge difference.  

One donut I did notice a difference was the old fashioned tasted like it was made that day and not stale like Bosas can be at times.  Golden donuts needs to start expanding and having drive thru's too!
The place is great. For those reviewers that are hard trained Bosa lovers its purely loyalty that keeps you saying they are the best. Golden Donut blows them out of the water. Also its MUCH cleaner inside than Bosa ever thought of being. 
Its a mom and pop which is great and they prices are wonderful.

Give it a try and you will love it. 

Oh and the reviewer that was upset that they were not Cappuccino experts.....lol! Go to starbucks if you are looking for that. The coffee is hot and fresh and goes great with the donuts. Its not by any means fancy.
I will start out by saying that up until now, I have always been a Bosa fan. I still like them, but this place is far better in everyway. As far as customer service goes, they are the top of the heap, always treating my family as welcome guests in their shop. They often give the kids free donut holes, much to the delight of my four year old. And talk about great donuts! Wow. These bad boys are incredibly light, fluffy, and delicious. They are always spot on, and I always know what I am going to get. Particular favorites in my house are the glazed blueberry cake donuts, and the lemon filled. Of course, the fritters go a long way as well. And who can dismiss the perfection that is the classic glazed donut? No one, that's who. 

The breakfast sandwiches are AWESOME! And the coffee is great for that early morning pick me up. Fresh brewed and hot. Just the way I like it. 

Thank you Golden Donuts for bringing the joy of fresh donuty goodness right into the neighborhood. You have my family and me as customers for life!
Good place to come in the morning. Good Donuts and they will always make fresh coffee as needed.
I've been thinking about this joint for a few months since I started yelping and read the reviews.  Thank you thank you thank you to the reviewer who mentioned the toasted coconut donut.  Holy moley that is good.  I also tried a twist with sugar.  Very good and fresh donuts.  

I stopped in around 3 p.m. on a weekday and I was the only one in the store and was impressed with how clean it was.  I won't be back often because these things aren't good for me and if I'm going to have excess calories, I'd rather they be alcohol-related, but the next time I'm craving a donut, Golden Donuts is what I'm going to hit.
Let's get the most important piece of information out of the way first- the buttermilk donuts are outstanding! Order those, and you can't go wrong. It's the only donut I've had that can come close to reaching the upper echelon of donutdom, Donut Plant in NYC.

Big props too for being open 24 hours. As an AZ native, I'm astounded by this concept. I'm actually thankful this place wasn't open when I worked across the street at Osco because I would have to mainline Lipitor.

I was happy with the service because the lady behind the counter gave us some good suggestions. The other donuts we had (apple fritter, chocolate glazed, cinnamon crunch) were all solid. Great prices too.

Buttermilk buttermilk buttermilk. Just repeat this and remember it when you walk through the door.
I have been here two times so far and I will be going back soon. I have yet to try a doughnut, I know who goes to golden doughnut and not have a doughnut. There are many more things here than doughnuts. On my first trip I had a plain croissant toasted and a watermelon smoothie. The croissant tatsted fresh and was flaky, warm and delicious. The watermelon smoothie actually tasted like real watermelon in my drink. They also have lunch sandwiches here, so my 2nd visit I had a turkey croissant sandwhich. It was so good, everything tasted fresh, I also got one for my friend and she said the best sandwhich ever. I love that they are 24 hours and have a variety of a selection for breakfast and lunch. I
This place is fantastic! I drive by Golden Donuts every day on my way home from work. I decided to take my son here one day before going to the park, to finally try it out. I was not at all disappointed. These donuts are FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC. I admit, the only donuts I ever eat are DD and that is only when people bring them in to work. I am not a fan of DD at all. They are seriously on par with a QT or other gas station donut. I have had Bosa before, and while they're better than DD, I don't think they're great. Golden Donuts has the freshest, softest, moistest (is that a word?), most delicious donuts ever! I've been back several times since. The glazed twists are fantastic. The cake donuts are perfection.... a nice crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside. The cruellers, the fritters, the Boston Creme! Yum! Definitely stop by here if you are in the area. Donuts are only $.75 each, $3.98 for a half dozen and $6.98 for a dozen.
Move over Bosa, there's a new champ in town!

This place is super good, and the one area where they crush Bosa, is in customer service. Bosa is nice, don't get me wrong, but Golden has the friendliest, warmest staff around. The donuts are close to Bosa, but just edge it out by a hair. It is very safe to say if you like Bosa, you will love Golden. It's great that the valley has so many non-chain options, and I encourage you to skip Dunkin, and the corporate crap, and support locally owned spots.

This is where something funny and witty would go, but I got nothing. So maybe think of a good joke during this time. Ready, go: ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ha ha! That was a good one! Now go get some donuts!
Just moved from Utah and was looking for a new donut shop.  I drove over from Gilbert to this donut shop because of the reviews on Yelp.  First of all, it is open 24/7, so that is a plus.  The service was very good, with a pleasant attitude and a very polite approach.  I ordered a dozen donuts and the man who waited on us gave us 2 extra, just because he was so nice!  The donuts were actually not the best I have every had (for those, you will need to go to Banbury Cross Donuts in Salt Lake City), but they were very delicious and worth the trip.  I was a little disappointed in the chocolate on chocolate cake donuts, as they were not nearly as chocolatey as I am used to.  I would have given this donut shop 3 stars, but the kindness and generosity of the counter person was exceptional...so 4 stars from me.

They also have sandwiches and smoothies, but I have a thing about buying sandwiches or smoothies from a donut shop...they just do not go together for me, so I have no idea if they are any good.
Donuts supreme. Yummy!

Very friendly service.

Lousy coffee. Best thing to do is to get your coffee across the street, then buy the donuts.
We were first time customers this morning and I've got to say the donuts were fantastic! The mini apple fritters had lots of apple, the crullers had that wonderful crisp to them, and the donut holes we found out were additive as well as extremely light and fluffy. My BF says the coffee was pretty good, not anything to write home about, but it was good. The prices are great, cheaper than Dunkin by far. Also another nice plus is that they weren't out of anything at 8:00am! All the times I have gone to Dunkin I know if I don't get there by 6:00am all the good choices will be gone. Also Dunkin's quality is much lower then Golden's. The staff was...okay. They weren't rude but they weren't really friendly either. Also they didn't have decaf coffee, which my BF has switched to so that was a bummer. Also their menu goes past donuts into breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches, which all are created on your choice of either a bagel, toast, or croissant. They also carry an assortment of smoothies. Overall we absolutely loved it so we'll definitely be going back!
Yummy.... Very close to Bosa but I am still bosa's die hard fan. The Apple fritter was slightly greasy for my taste and I like bosa's butter milk better as well but overall great quality and delicious donuts.
Pretty much the best doughnut I've eaten, ever.

I am no connoisseur, despite the overly descriptive detail that will follow, but have had my fair share of donuts over the years and was admittedly impressed to find that it is in fact possible to make a version that tastes noticeably different than any other.

We ordered a sugar twist, a buttermilk, a seemingly simple glaze, and Thai tea. I bit into the sugar twist first as it tends to be a fave and noticed immediately that there was a slight crisp to it that I had never experienced. The buttermilk was pretty much just a delicious warm biscuit that had been fried twice over in sugar. So bad, yet so very good. The glaze, which is usually my least favorite kind, ended up the real show stopper.  It was like a flaky layered croissant consistency, but with that same oh-so- slight outer crisp that accompanied the rest. Just pure evil really. The Thai tea wasn't my favorite (a little too syrup-y), but the outdoor seating was a bonus, the service was good, and at just under $5 the price was right.  I'm a fan and will be trying my hardest not to come back soon.
They have a huge variety of items, which really surprised me. I didn't expect there to be boba tea, or coffee for that matter. I think I'll need to incorporate these guys into my morning routine.
Bosa donuts now has some real competition. Golden donuts is a small donut shop with a very friendly owner. On my first trip I ordered the buttermilk donut and the original glazed donut. Both were amazing!!! Another reviewer said that the donuts had a slight tasty crunch to them and I would have to agree. 

Less than a week later I came back in to order my first dozen was definitely pleased with my order as well as the others that I shared them with. Golden donuts is an awesome place and I highly recommend going there......Like now!!
I've been here a couple of times. Their donuts are delicious, ham and cheese croissants are good and their tea infused drinks look delicious. I would recommend this place and plan to continue to patronize this establishment when ever I find the need for a fat pill or croissant.
Folks in the east valley are deprived as the true greatest donut place of all time (Lamar's Donut's) is all the way up on Bell Rd and is not really within driving distance for breakfast.  So, we press on making due with Bosa and now Golden Donuts as well.  If you've been to Bosa, you've been to Golden Donuts.  The types of donuts are nearly identical, the way they prepare them is pretty much the same, they both serve similar drinks.  I think the deciding factor for me would be which one is closer to where I happen to be at the moment.  They are that interchangeable.
Good selection of great tasting donuts and sandwiches. They have plenty of different drinks. The taro smoothie was decent but the coffee was pretty terrible. I don't think I've ever had worse coffee but I guess you can't really expect much more since it was $1.
I don't have a biased opinion on donut shops here in AZ (aka Bosa), I just know a good donut when I eat one. 
The standout's at this little gem open 24/7 are the Apple Fritter, Toasted Coconut and JUST PLAIN GLAZED! 
Each donut had a delicious bite with a fluffy center and the perfect amount of sweetness.  IF you're in the area craving a donut, this place will not disappoint!
I haven't tried anything else but their donuts were the BEST!!!
I've had donuts from Golden Donut at a friend's house previously, and I recently visited the shop to try it out myself.. I will say that "take out" is definitely the way to go with this place. 

We headed over with a group of 3 adults and 1 baby. Points to Golden Donut for actually having a high chair (many places don't and it makes managing a little one vastly more difficult) 

The rest of the experience, with the exception of the actual donuts, was exremely lacking. 

The restaurant has two little fast food restaurant booths, one of which was overtaken by half eaten food that appeared to have been sitting out for awhile, and continued to sit out the entire time that we were there (gross) The highchairs were both pretty sticky, which I guess is understandable considering that the product for sale is a sugar coated confection. Outside of these items, the store was otherwise clean, particularly the case where the donuts are displayed, the register, etc. 

We ordered out donuts, which is always a laborious process ... the people taking the order always seem to struggle with the idea that you don't have the correct names for every donut memorized, and as the orderer, I always forget that it is difficult for them to see me pointing at the donuts THROUGH the case. Even so, it would've gone much better if the woman helping us was a) friendly b) patient ... instead she impatiently asked in a rude tone "is that all?" after each donut ordered. 
 
The drink selection is a bit weird - lots of bottled drinks in a large case to the side, but no fountain drinks, iced tea, etc. At $2ish each, drinks for 4 people made up about half the cost of our order. 

Now, the piece de resistance of our visit: napkins. After being handed the box containing our donuts, I turned to collect the necessary accoutrements so that we could sit down to enjoy them: napkins, for example. I stepped to the countertop near the doorway, which was littered with creamers, sweeteners, stir sticks, etc etc etc - everything you could possibly need for your coffee, but no napkins. So, I head back to the register and nicely ask for some napkins - I am handed three, yes THREE narrow, thin napkins, and had to beg her for a few more (she grudgingly handed me two more napkins) Ri-di-cu-lous. 

Aside from all of that, the donuts were fresh, tasty, and way larger than I usually expect. They were also heavier than typical, which could be a good or bad thing. We had the coconut glazed (they used fresh coconut and it was delicious), chocolate iced, maple bar, buttermilk (a bit stale tasting), glazed twist and raspberry filled. They were all what you'd expect, but fresher and bigger - yum. 

So, place = ok, service = bad, donuts = good. If you're planning to stop in to pick donuts up for the office or a morning vegging out at home, its a good choice.
The donuts are still great, but the shop is no longer 24/7. They close at 10pm on weekdays and midnight on weekends.
My kid has been asking me to go get donuts before school but I'm not really a fan of the selection or quality of donuts at Dunkin. Courtesy of yelp I realized this place was right around the corner from her school so I stopped there today for half a dozen. It was totally worth it! This place is such a find! I would definitely recommend the coconut cream donut and the sugar twist. All the donuts were extremely fresh and tasted amazing. Also while there I got a taro boba tea. If you have never tried boba tea it is definitely worth it. They are one of my favorite frozen drinks to get anywhere.
I decided to go here one morning with my son. He liked it bc there was a lot to choose from. For me offer hand ehhh.....first the owner was very grumpy that morning. I tried to order some type of coffee drink, since there are posters everywhere for different types of coffee drinks. Nope only thing he has is a coffee "smoothie" Uhhh no thanks! Then he asked me the most random invasive question...."are you Chinese?" I don't care about races but why ask that? The tables were filthy. Sitting there watching my son eat with nothing to drink he seemed to enjoy it. I took a bite; it was good and fresh. Undecided if I will be back.
I'm basing my 5 stars on what I went in for...donuts and coffee on my way to work. Was thrilled that they have the blueberry filled donuts with the powdered sugar on top. This was my go to at Dunkin but they do not make it anymore! It was a yummy donut. I also ordered a twist with sugar...this was really perfect. I was surprised by the hand full of extra glazed donut holes that were also put in the bag. YUM! I got a small coffee and was off to work...eating my donuts on the way! If you come here to eat in the shop you may be dissapointed...it is small and there is an annoying bell that says "welcome" everytime the door is opened so I would think if you stayed there to eat that would be super annoying!
The doughnuts are deeee-lish-ous!! And the owner is so nice! I have been in several times and he remembers me.. I can't say enough great things about this place!!
Save $ get your doughnuts at Fry's. The doughnut I got tasted like it may have been at least a day old. The shop isn't very clean or fun to look at. I was hoping it would be a fun little shop to take my daughter to.
I had been going to Golden Donuts as a tradition with my kids most Sunday mornings Until the staff one day were having some sort of argument... The owner behind the counter was obviously upset and lashed out at me saying we are closed no donuts. Not a way to run a business! Especially to a regular customer! I decided to take my business elsewhere until my wife on her birthday wanted a buttermilk donut from them...I reluctantly agreed and asked the owner behind the counter about our last encounter and he did not offer any apology for his rude and unprofessional behavior but instead made excuses. Looks like I will have to go to Bosa or Frys. Sorry Golden Donut you get a FAIL for customer service!
Nice, friendly, and a decent deal. I wouldn't say they're extraordinary, but they aren't horrible. Some of my donuts didn't seem as fresh either. Don't expect any goodness from anything creme or jelly filled. I gotta say I was disappointed in those. The dough was some what stale and I barely got filling to help with the dryness of the donut. 

Open 24/7 is a plus, but I think I shall give me allegiance to the double Ks of Krispy Kreme.

Prices raised and it doesn't seem worth it to come here anymore.
Super fresh.  Super service.  And super fuel for holiday shopping.  Delicious donuts!  And as a bonus they threw in about a half doz donut holes for free.  These plus a cup of coffee and I'm invincible!!!
Just went here tonight and they had the worst donuts I've had in my life. That includes Dunkin Donuts and Krispy Kreme too. I love donuts and when I move to a new area I always like to check out ALL the highly reviewed donut shops. I had a boston creme donut that was filled with maybe a tablespoon of creme and was really small. The donuts were dried out (that's my fault because I went at 9PM) so I won't judge them too harshly on that part but it's still not enjoyable. The cake donuts with sprinkles were tiny and undersized. I ordered a chocolate covered buttermilk donut (normally really good if you get them at Rainbow) and the bread of the donut tasted like it was deep fried in oil that was a week old or something. Seriously, the donut tasted like old grease, to the point that it was a more prominent flavor than the chocolate frosting itself. I committed the ultimate sin and threw away the other donuts I ordered and that's a first in my life.

I don't know what other people are talking about when they give these donuts great reviews but I'm guessing that these people have never eaten a real donut or a donut outside of Arizona. I don't get why all the donut shops here (golden,bosa,rainbow,etc) are copies of each other. I drove 45 minutes to Lamars Donut Shop to get some real donuts and that's BY FAR the best donut shop I've found since I moved here. Don't waste your money at Golden, you might as well go to QT and pick up a donut if you're that desperate. Even Rainbow is head and shoulders above this place.
I have to agree with Bryan and Jonathan's reviews. If I could give it zero stars I would. I'm not naturally a negative person but these donuts were pretty bad. My cream-filled donut was old and there was hardly any cream in it. I don't mean like a few hours old, I mean old like "they didn't sell it the day before so they brought it back out the next day" type of old. I've had better donuts at the gas station and they're cheaper too. I had a really small cake donut with sprinkles and also the bavarian cream and I threw both out after a couple bites of each. Maybe I just went there on a bad day but I won't be going back.
This is a super small shop but they have delicious donuts. They were super fresh, soft and sooo tasty. My mouth is watering as I type this. They have great flavors like cinnamond sugar and coconut cream which were amazing. The owner was so kind. She even threw in a free donut since they were out of the raspberry filled. I dont live anywhere closr to this shop but I would make the drive again. Yum!!
Good and cheap (buy one dozen get 6 free). Donut types very similar to bosa donuts. However, they could work on the customer service. I do realize it's a family business but they don't have to blast their conversations on speaker.
Better than dunkin donuts. Support local business! The owners and staff are friendly and welcoming. They are currently running a special. Buy a dozen donuts, get 6 free! Go enjoy the best donuts in the valley.
Went in this morning to pick up some donuts for my co-workers. As I entered, the doorbell rang and I waited a solid three minutes for service, I heard them talking in the back but no one ever came out to greet me...
Love this place. Support local. The donuts are fabulous and the lovely owners, from Cambodia are just lovely. In addition to their donuts, I had an everything bagel sandwich. DELISH!!!
This place has wonderful doughnuts and amazing breakfast sandwiches.  We usually go here twice a month.  Of all the doughnut places in the area, this one takes the cake.
Chandler's Best Donuts - A local business worth supporting. The best donuts anywhere. 

So why on God's Green Earth would you hit up Dunkin Donuts after savoring the goodness that's Golden Donuts & Smoothies? 

I've only been in once; however, I've had donuts twice.

The first time was when Dude had to break a twenty, so he brought home two Old Fashioned Krullers.

Super fresh; crunch to the outside but melt in your mouth in the middle. Simple and delicious. 

Today, I dropped by after a few errands. Picked up an Old Fashioned Kruller for Dude, a Vanilla Frosted for me, and a Thai Iced Tea.

Vanilla Frosted was your typical standard donut, but still good. 

What really stood out was the Thai Iced Tea. Absolutely phenom! Put this in my Top 3 Best Thai Iced Teas list. 

All this for just a little over $5. And Keep in mind, if your purchase is under $5 . . . cash only. 

The customer service was a little on the brusk side; however, I will continue to visit GD when that occasional craving for donuts strikes. 

Matter of fact, think I'll swing by tomorrow morning to pick up a box for a Monday Meeting. 

With the Yelp check in of buy a dozen get six free, how could you go wrong?!
Wow! Where have these donuts been hiding. When the sign out front says best donuts in town you think that is a pretty big claim but they ain't lying. These are really good donuts. Just a tiny bit crispy on the outside and so warm and nice on the inside. They fry them up just right.
They have breakfast sandwiches and smoothies which I have not tried yet. But the donuts are reason enough to come back again and again. The prices is pretty good too. Plus if you buy a dozen you get another half dozen free.
They really are better than that other local donut place that everybody raves about. Get other here and give them a try. You will not be disappointed. Mmmmmmm....... donuts. Homer would approve. Thanks to Meagan B for telling me about this place. What a find.
This is a nice, small family owned business that treats their customers very well. Great donuts, great smoothies, great fresh veggies on their sandwiches. I go here often.
All my life.. People, doctors, teachers and counselors told me id never have a good donut. Well look at me now.
I'm only giving them 2 stars because of the name, the doughnuts are good better than the local grocer but the wait here is unbelievable, while standing in line I watched 3 people say screw it and leave and there was only a total of 8 of us in line to begin with.I left home 15 mins early to give myself time to get in and get out and still ended up being 20 mins late for work. This is the 3rd time this has happened since I've been there so I won't be back.
History lesson: Krispy Kreme is recovering from going out of business you would naturally assume it was because they had a poor product and the business suffered the consequences. That is not true in this case. From what I am able to determine the major shareholders voted and made it so that only a major shareholder could start a franchise they then ran the franchises for 2 years and sold the franchise back to the company for the purchasing price. That is like I bought a car from you and got to drive it for 2 years and then sold it back to you for the same price I bought it for. Hmmm. Needlesss to say this is a violation of GAAP (generally accepted accounting practices) and completely unsustainable. The company collapsed and thousands lost their jobs. In fact the only people who were not hurt in the collapse were the franchise owners/major shareholders, yes the people who caused the collapse and misery made millions while everyone else was hosed. Now the franchise owners/major shareholder are at it again.
       
 To the review: This store only makes glazed donuts which are good but every other donut is made off site. Does dunkin donuts or rainbow donuts just down the street do that? I don't know. the donuts they make fresh were great just not worth the almost 2 hour drive to get them. I remember them being larger and better tasting.
I was raised on real Krispy Kreame doughnuts. I grew up in Baton Rouge Louisiana and was so excited to see Krispy Kreme come back to the valley. I live out in Goodyear so one opening up on 35th ave was a joy because i will drive for a good doughnut. I am so disappointed...This location gets the doughnuts in already made and sends them through a warmer then into the glazing machine. Yes you can serve hot doughnuts all day long but they are very stale..Ive tried this location at least 4 times and all 4 times it was at least a 15 minute wait and my doughnuts were not fresh at all. Boo to you Krispy Kreme for trying to cut corners because you cut all the quality out of a very yummy product. I just got back from California today and on the way home stopped at a real Krispy Kreme and my doughnuts even now after making a 6 hour trip are fresher than the ones i get at this Indian School Rd location.
Worst donuts!!! I came 26 minutes before it was supposed to be closed. And as I walked to the door. The workers turned off the lights. Apparently they don't want business. Will never come to this place again.  As a result of them closing early I have called corporation. If this is a franchise I hope it gets taken over.
Review at the bottom-- Picky Much?  I love thats theres a Krispy Cream on this side of town now ! Drive thru is a plus donuts same delicious qaulity , customer service is fair Im happy there coming back way better than Dunkin in my opinion.
Terrible customer service.
Great staff, awesome selection of goodies. More than helpful and fresh on the spot.  Store crew was helpful for there are some treats we haven't had...birthday cake and the brownie batter?  Yep, surely can't be a bad way to start the morning. Don't forget the milk!
I went into the store at 7:30 a.m. one work day.  I was highly impressed with the cleaniness of the interior. Two ladies were behind the counter adorned with smiles and eager to toss some hot donuts into boxes. 

Too, Krispy Kreme is running a sweet deal...basically 2 dozen donuts for the price of 1!
On July 11 Krispy Kreme ran a special, buy one dozen donuts and get a dozen glazed donuts for 77¢. We arrived at 2:30PM and waited only a minute or so to be helped. I ordered a dozen chocolate covered and a dozed glazed. The nice girl helping me told me they were out of glazed but she would give me a second dozen chocolate donuts for the special price. I accepted the offer.

Before she could box up the two dozen donuts, several other customers had entered and placed orders. 

The short version of this story is they RAN OUT OF DONUTS! I don't mean they ran out of chocolate donuts, they had NO MORE DONUTS AT ALL! I looked in the back (you know how you can see the donuts being made?) and sure enough there weren't any donuts cooking. That's some pretty poor planning.

I asked when they expected more donuts to be ready. I was told after 4:00PM, over an hour later.

So, my one star rating is because I never even got to try the donuts! 

To be honest, I'm sure I'll go back to this location at some point, but I won't go out of my way. It just isn't worth it when I run the chance that they won't have any donuts.
Just opened. Custom glazes and toppings with fresh made donuts. Tried the Carmel with Bacon topping. Tasty!!!
This is what Heaven tastes like.

I have been waiting for this place to open for weeks...waiting with baited breath...like a vulture.

Today I looked across the parking lot from my daughter's daycare and saw that a local news van was parked right in front of the donut shop; FINALLY it was open!!  I made a beeline across the parking lot and barreled into a parking spot, and in the process of bursting through the front door I *think* I might have knocked over a little old lady (unfortunate collateral damage).  

The interior is beautiful and contemporary.  The staff is falling over themselves to help you chose your selections and teach you about the custom made donut creation process, and everyone is eager to make your visit perfect.  They have cafe tables inside and out, and there is even an outdoor patio in the back where you can enjoy your donuts and coffee.

So I chose 2 dozen assorted donuts for my office staff, and I just ate the most amazing strawberry shortcake donut in the known universe.  (Perhaps there is a better donut somewhere in the Tadpole Galaxy, but NASA has yet to confirm that.)  

This particular donut was ever so slightly crunchy on the outside, yet moist and warm on the inside and covered in the most addictive, sweet and tangy, gooey strawberry glaze and then sprinkled with a graham cracker topping.  Ohmigosh... It was the stuff dreams are made of.  I'm pretty sure it was dry humping my tongue while I heard angels trumpeting somewhere in the background...

Stop what you are doing and go. Go right now.
Found out through Shannon E. The Fractured Prune's Grand Opening was today, and wasted no time hustling over on my break! 

Apparently, some other guy didn't either: "I drove all the way out here from Apache Junction for a dozen!" 

When I walked in I was immediately greeted by Marilyn (?). She talked me through their custom donut process: Selecting a custom glaze and toppings before handing off your card to a doughnut designer.

Think combinations like Dreamsicle, Chocolate Covered Cherry, Maple Bacon. 

Decided on two Mint Chocolate Chip doughnuts: One for me to scarf down at work, one for Andrew C for later. 

Because he might murder me later for going alone. 

And I'm not a self-centered, lameface lady friend. Doing "Nice things" goes both ways, ladies. 

These donuts aren't sitting around in a case, either. Custom means made when you order. 

Got back to work and took a bite. Still piping hot, minty, chocolatey, practically melting in my mouth as I ate it. 

This is really a four star review masquerading as a five star: I love the custom concept; however, I'm more of a "classic doughnut" gal: Think Old Fashioned Kruller with some chocolate on it. 

The customer service is what bumped the rating up to five stars! 

Now go, take a doughnut break. Meanwhile, I'll resist inhaling Dude's while waiting for him to pick it up!
Opening day!  Stopped by to get some fancy pastries for my staff.  From the second I hit the door, the staff were all attentive and helpful.  
  
The options are unreal!  There was so much to choose from that I finally decided to let the pros pick for me.  I picked up 3 dozen dealer's choice doughnuts and they barely hit the break-room before they were gone.
  
The rest of the day I fielded questions on where I picked them up, and when I was bringing in more!!

I will be back for sure!
Saw this place on the news this morning and I had to come give it a try. Fresh made donuts with custom glazes and toppings. There are so many options to choose from and the choices are endless. If you can't decide on what to get they have a set of 15 custom donuts you can chose from . For a dozen donuts it's $15.99 and single donuts are about $2.00 each. 
I would defiantly come back and create my own custom donut
Hot and fresh donuts made to order. They offer total customized donut, glazed with your choice of 19 glazes and 14 toppings. Didn't realize that I was missing this in my life. Fantastic donuts.
Today I seen this new business on facebook and I had to try it!  I had an OC Sand (most popular) donut and love it!  Will defiantly be back for more!
We drove thirty minutes tonight to check this place out. Unfortunately, a gentleman greeted us and a few other customers by saying, "our fryer cook went home. The oil is too full and I had to turn it off". We were not able to get any donuts. I totally understand safety comes first but I would assume he would have at least passed out coupons or vouchers to come back. I'd still love to check this place out but am disappointed in the customer service.
Holy hell, FANTASTIC!!! I'm NOT a doughnut guy, but thought I'd treat my team to some goodies on a friday. The whole concept is super customizable doughnuts. You walk in, and they usualy have order forms (today, it was just pen and paper) and you can choose pre selected creations or create your own with tons of glazes and toppings to choose from. I got a dozen alrady selected types, to make it easy. Truthfully ,they all looked great. They literally fry, then dip, then top  your doughnut fresh! YOu hand your list to the next doughnut person adn they get to work. it's pretty impressive. I got random ones that incliuded strawberry shortcake (strawberry glaze with graham cracker crumbs), Maple with Bacon, Prunellas Classic (awesome mixed berry glaze with powdered sugar), Smores (marshmallow glaze, chocolate chips and graham cracker crumbs) etc. They all looked great, and the ones I had were the two best doughnuts I've ever had. Hands down. Now it's a bit pricey ($16 per dozen) but WELL worth it. GREAT DOUGHNUTS!!!!!
When my coworker first mentioned this place was opening I began to drool uncontrollably. When I pulled up the website and saw the pictures my eyes glazed over and the thoughts of consuming these amazing creations began to take up most of my days. Finally the day of my donut experience has arrived! I jumped out of bed this morning already knowing which donuts I'd be happily forking over whatever price they wanted in order to scarf down (ps- the price wasn't bad at all!) Arriving and ordering was all a blur as once the smell of hot donuts hits you, there is no room for other thoughts. But eating them? The lemonade donut changed my life, I'm pretty sure I can never settle for another donut shop again. And then the salted caramel, because I couldn't stop with just one. So warm, sweet, flavorful and delish!! Fractured prune- I love you.
It's a great concept: custom-made donuts hot out of the fryer with your choice of a wide variety of glazes like peach, blueberry, chocolate, etc. with a variety of the toppings such as mini marshmallows, mini m&m's, sea salt, and many more. The donuts were tender and the flavors were good, except for the bacon, which was soft and not at all crisp. My major complaint with this place is that they use hydrogenated oil in their donuts (I confirmed with an employee). Come on people, it's 2014 and the FDA has banned hydrogenated oils because they are a huge health concern and a major artery clogger. Surely something else healthier could be used. Just because it's an indulgent dessert food doesn't mean it can't be healthier. This problem will be solved once the ban is in effect and they are forced to find a different oil to use. Until then, I won't be going back. /sadface
You've never eaten at anything like Fractured Prune unless you've eaten at a Fractured Prune.  The concept is new and fresh. Warm plain cake donuts done many ways. There are many glazes and toppings to choose from.  

We tried three different kinds; the blueberry, OC sand, and the peppermint patty. All were  good and warm. I have a feeling these May be better when warm. I'd like to go back and try a bunch of the others.  There are recommended combinations so if you are unsure what to make, try one of those. I did like the OC Sand best out of the ones we tried. It is also the most popular selection. The staff was helpful and courteous.
Read about this place and decided to check it out.  It lives up to the hype, doughnuts come out fresh with the toppings you want. The owner is very nice and tries to greet everyone.  My only complaint is just the lack of the doughnut itself in variety as only one kind is made. I would have loved to have had a devils food doughnut. The place is kept spotless.
These are very good and different from usual doughnuts. I like that you can "build" your own. We'll be back.
These are definitely more of a cake like donut than the light and fluffy ones. I've read in a previous review that they use hydrogenated oils which is concerning. 

But, the glazes are super tasty! I had a maple bacon and a chocolate covered cherry. They were awesome. The donuts are a bit heavy-it's not like BoSa where you can down 3 of them and be content. I had two and was super full.

The staff is really friendly and kind. I'll be back, but I really really hope they change their oil. It has a funny after taste.
I see that Fractured Prune has two Yelp listings, so I'll review them both.  

I went again this morning and got a donut with blackberry glaze and bacon crumbles and it was a thing of beauty.

Also, their bold coffee is like a delicious shot of caffeine right to the jugular vein.  YES!!

I haven't been this excited about a new business before, but once you try their donuts you'll understand why I am...
Mouth watering donuts and toppings! We finished a dozen without blinking. Great customer service and friendly people.
11,628 Flavor combinations from 19 glazes and 14 toppings. How can you possibly go wrong? We purchased 1/2 dozen of their favorites (pics to follow).

The donuts were exceptionally warm and delicious; probably would've been the bomb dot com had I eaten them right then and there. Not that they weren't hood when I got home, simply knowing that they are ALWAYS warm makes me drool with anticipation of eating one freshly dipped. Mmmm! 

The place is rather clean and bright. A nice sized flat screen tv adorns the wall in the dining area, and the patio (though not going to be inviting in the upcoming months) will be a cool ticket on those beautiful Fall, some Winter, and Spring days. Do we even have Fall here in AZ? Lol.

The staff was very pleasant. The ONLY downfall are the prices. $1.89 for 1 donut! Holy cow! Its a regular sized cake donut. Nonetheless, you gotta pay for good food, right?

For all you really nice people who adore your fellow office coworkers (or not), they do have a "Corporate Card" that lends $2 off if you buy 2 dozen donuts. And a free dozen if you purchase 5 dozen...all must be purchased at the same time. Nothing fancy smancy, but at $1.89 each every damn penny counts!
It lives up to the hype!  I had a sea salt caramel donut and it was excellent.  Husband had the sugar/cinnamon.  The sheer number of choices make this a little overwhelming, so we just ordered off their favorites menu. We will definitely go back.
Best donuts I have ever had! I think what makes them so tasty is that they serve them hot. You can add any topping you want. I had the salted carmel & the French toast. Two was enough but I maybe could have had three. The coffee was good too. I wish they would open more locations. Please open one near Desert Ridge.
So delicious!!  And also a fun experience no matter what age you are.  There are so many flavor choices, so you can be creative and make your own combination or choose from the menu options (all which sounded amazing).  The doughnuts are a cake doughnut so they are richer and more filling than a Krispy Kreme doughnut, which is good because you don't need to eat a bunch of them to get full.  I had 1 1/2 and was happily stuffed!  If you are taking some home for the family and don't want to leave Fido out, you can ask for a "doggy doughnut" and then everyone in the family is included in the fun!
Tried a couple of different varieties including the French Toast and Salted Caramel and both donuts left a very undesirable aftertaste. Not even milk helped :(

There's nothing special about the donuts themselves which is unfortunate. The specialty is the ability to custom coat your donut with different toppings. 

Not worth another visit even though the concept is great.... Just need a better tasting donut.
First time going there this last Friday because of another friend that mentioned it on instagram. Been open for a few weeks now. Good and you got to love it when you have options on what to put on your own doughnut. I went basic with a maple glazed doughnut with some bacon crumbles.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My girlfriend won a girt card for here and we drove about 45 minutes and it was worth it. Staff was very friendly, clean place, tons of combos to choose from and the prices are incredible!!!!! You can't beat this shop, even though it is out of my way, we will be returning!!! Way to go guys!!!
This place get one star for the pretty delicious donuts they sell but unfortunately for them customer service is terrible. They have very young tweens working there more worried about the latest gossip than the paying customers.
I was very excited to try this new concept and actually the donuts are very good.. So many flavor combinations.  My disappointment came as I was leaving.  I stopped to order some to take home.  I ordered a half dozen.  After I paid and was waiting I see that for only $3 more I could have bought a dozen.  When I asked about it she said if I wanted 6 more after paying I would have to pay the per donut price which is $12+ for another 6.  I was very disappointed in the lack of a solution like possibly refunding the first order and maybe recharging me for a dozen.  There was just absolutely no way to do it I guess  ???  Also no coffee refills even for a fee.  Donuts great.. Some work to do in the customer service area..  May be a while before I return.. Lots of choices in this big valley.
This place is on point. Easily deserving of the five stars. I felt like a child almost burying my face in the delicious creation they had recommended. I've been craving something from here ever since I went.
This is an amazing place for doughnuts, I went there yesterday. I had a vanilla glazed doughnut with the cookie crumble topping. So many combinations, an completely customisable. They are served fresh and hot right to you. I went there with my two friends. One got a vanilla glazed doughnut with granulated sugar as a topping. The other friend I am not sure about what she got but it was probably delicious. It is really cool that they allow you to see the process of the doughnuts being created. Very nice staff, indeed. Highly organised group. They have ordering cards. The crew shows you exactly how to use the ordering cards. Clean establishment, and they had a wall- mounted flat screen television...WOW!!!
Indoor and also outdoor seating. The bathroom was very clean. The soap smelled, " just like heaven" lol
They have a frame on the wall with the fractured prune logo on it. You can also purchase fractured prune paraphernalia. ( e.g. Frisbees, stuffed dogs, coffees mugs, tumblers, and teddy bears) You should definitely visit here if you love doughnuts!
New donut spot in Chandler, with a unique spin, picture donuts ala Chipolte.

I hit FP on a Sunday morning, and was warmly greeted by an employee. They explained how to order and purchase your donuts, cool system. Basically they are all cake donuts, but you have a huge selection of glazes, and toppings.

The place is super clean and fun, and the service was very nice. Sadly the donuts have a very distinct and weird after taste, and I think it's an oil issue. I read other reviews that noted it, so I am not alone, it seems like something is odd about the oil after taste. I am a huge fan of donuts, and know them like a wine snob knows wine. With that being said, there are many people who swear by these things, so please give it a try. Based on the sweet people here alone, it's worth a trip. In the meantime maybe they will tweak the oil, or something. I wish this place all the best!
Doughnuts were hot, fresh and good. The reasoning behind the 3 stars is due to 1) the manager/ shift supervisor/ the person who rang us up came across as arrogant and unfriendly 2) the seating/eating area was dirty and we were 2 of 3 customers in the place 3) the place where they assemble the doughnuts was dirty as well. It was unappetizing. I will try it again. Hopefully I will go back to a clean & friendly environment.
New donut shop in chandler. Thought I would stop by, didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. Its basically a made to order donut place with many options for glaze and toppings. 

We walked in they gave us a quick orientation and said they have cake donuts, which i am not a big fan of in general but thought i would try anyways. Wow these suckers are good. I would say its a mix between a cake donut and a yeast donut. Warm, Soft with a slightly crispy outside. 

I tried 2 donuts: 
-The chocolate covered cherry which is red cherry glaze and little chocolate chips on top, very good and the donut was so warm it started melting the chips
-The orangsicle which is a orange glaze and powered sugar. Very good as well with nice bright orange flavor.

Will have to try to make my own creation next time and be adventurous.

The price is about $2 after tax for each a little pricey for the size of donut but they are made to order so not too bad.

Quick addition:

Stopped by to try two more donuts this time custom style:

-Key lime/ Sea salt -Bright green, Sweet tangy and tasty
-Maple/ Bacon -Perfect breakfast Donut, slightly sweet and savory salty with the bacon pieces

Rating still holds, great place for warm hot gooey goodness
We really enjoyed out first visit to the Fractured Prune. The kids loved picking out there own glazes and toppings, the adults enjoyed it too!! It was great being able to watch your donuts created right before your eyes. We will definitely be returning. You can't beat a hot and fresh donut in the morning. 

They have a great little sitting area out back. Some of the tables are setup on a lower level, allowing plenty of space for the kids to run around and burn off all that sugar they had just devoured. 

The only thing I will say is that the prices are higher then other local donut places but we expected that when we heard we would be able to design our very own donut creation! Definitely worth it!!
We loved it. They have a donut machine and they freshly fry your donuts. You can pick your toppings. They had some really good combos. It's just under 2 bucks a donut. Not cheap but really good and worth it. Just white cake donut but lots of toppings to choose from. We will be back.
A must try. Made-to-order custom donuts. Amazing! The donuts are warm and incredibly soft and the glazes are flavorful. When you enter you are greeted by friendly staff on how to create and order the donuts. This is a very family oriented establishment and has a fun and energetic environment. You'll have a great experience.
The place was clean both in the customer area as well as behind the counter.  The restaurant idea is novel similar to a Subway or Chipolte. I ordered two different doughnuts and was unimpressed. Most any other shop is just as good if not better and considerably cheaper.   At an approximate two dollars per doughnut I expected much more.
Sunday morning treat taking my niece and her GF for the first time. Friendly associates throughout the shop even in the craze they all continue to smile. We got lemonade, strawberry shortcake, Oreo and the Prunella. The first couple bites are tasty, warm and not overly sweet but if you don't eat it right away there is an oily after taste. I only ate half of mine due to that after taste. Next time I'll share one so not to waste.
Probably the best doughnut I've ever had. Can't go wrong with any flavor because the doughnuts are made on site as you order it.
My company moved into a new building in Tempe yesterday and they treated us to donuts and coffee from Fractured Prune.  They were fabulous.  Not your usual boring flavors.  Very innovative and tasty.  Loved the Bold coffee too.  I hadn't heard of them before - but now that I have, I'll go back on my own.