This place is fun if you have little kids with you but you'll be seriously disappointed if you've come here for the food.  And if you don't have any kids w/ you...just go to Nora's.  It costs less and the food is awesome there.
One of the best things happening in Las Vegas. Its so good they hand out Alka-Seltzer at the gate. There's lots of craft booths and stuff but the food is to die for. All different Italian dishes and traditional fair food too like cotton candy and caramel apples and funnel cakes. They have a good bit of rides that aren't bad for the youngsters and the entertainement and people are fantastic.
Great Time!
Don't get me wrong, I had SOME fun at this place, but not a lot. 

First off, the food. The food's not very good, to be honest. There's a lot of VERY pushy sales-people. (Lady, I don't want your goddamned Philly Cheesesteak for the 5th time... I GET sandwiches from a sub shop that specializes in them.) 

A lot of the food is left sitting in the sun for hours. This scares me from a health/safety standpoint. Most of the fare is carnival food, with a few exceptions. The pizza was very dry and unpleasant looking. The only positive point was my funnel cake that I had. 

--

Second - The booths. There's a LOT of garbage being peddled here. Also on the way in, they tried to loop us into a scam, saying we had won a free trip by giving us a swipe card etc. I swiped the card, and put in my first and last name, then it was saying "I agree to allow X company (I think Wyndham) to contact me" and then started asking for my phone number. I quickly canceled out and discarded the card, then took my friend away from the pushy salesperson telling her they were giving her a trip to Mexico or whatever at no obligation... (riiiiight, and I have a bridge in San Francisco to sell you)

--

Finally, the carnival. I'm sorry, but $1 per ticket, and like $3-6 dollars per person, per ride? Can I PLEASE have some of whatever drugs you're on, if you think that's an acceptable price? 

Also, please try putting in some fun carnival games. I don't feel like seeing 8... (yes EIGHT) booths of Balloon Pop... 2-3 shooting gallery games, and NO Skee-Ball. Ya wonder why no one's playing the games? Maybe because they've seen 7 other booths with them in less than a football field's distance? Just a thought. 

--

All in all, I got in free because of some passes, but realistically? Other than the company I had, I didn't enjoy it that much. Really guys, you could do better.
I'll keep this short. 

I've been to this festival about 3 times, with each time asking myself why I've returned. 

Food is the primary focus obviously, and it's often overpriced, represented by many  local restaraunts, mostly Italian, but other cuisines  too. Depending on when you go, the quality of the food is very inconsistent. It's easy to get food that's cold, bland and overcooked simply because the vendors precook everything. 

They have a carnival/fair as well, to keep the children and younger kids entertained. 

They do have some free shows and live music as well.

Overall, if you've never been to one of these, you're not missing very much, but if you have absolutely nothing to do on one of the nights these are going on, go ahead and give it a try., just don't expect to have an amazing culinary experience.
Went during the 09 Winter one. 

Honestly  I was all kinds of excited to go as food feasts are abundant in LA and love them. It was in such a small portion of the parking lot that there was too many people there..they over packed it to be comfortable for the space. It was a bitch fit to go through and since theres the entrance fee (was it like $10?) + all the hiked up food vendors it wasn't stacking to much value either. I was out  fighting for a place to even stand to eat so what I did was order, go in another long line and eat in line a few times as I had no other choice, but even then there were so many people bumping into me that I scratched myself with a fork on my face. We finally got a seat eventually, but it was by the stage and was very loud to be right by the speakers that we got up again to find someplace else. 

I didn't do carnival games which I LOVE to do honestly and am good at. I browsed and there was very few in variety and a bit pricey for games and rides. Also at that point, I was unsatisfied with food other than a funnel cake and a italian sausage sandwich which though good I don't think should be like $8-10 (I'm sure they have a bitch of a vendor rate though to pay off)....there was this rotisserie chicken plate that though the chicken was good and the macaroni decent,  the side of rice was spoilt. 

I was planning on going to AYCE or Korean BBQ that night. I should have for having spent about $60-$70 ish on both of us to sample foods. Totally worth it in LA where I enjoy myself, here I just felt sad as this is really it when it comes to festivals and this is overhyped. Sadly, it was once good and really fun. My BF told me of a time when he and his family have gone when he was a kid and had a great time. 

This year they moved to SIlverton Casino. I hope that makes a big difference. I don't think I will be back unless many people say its vastly improved. 

Find me at the GREEK festival this September.
Overwhelmingly disappointed. I had gone two years ago to the old location and had a pretty good time. Didn't love it, didn't hate it. Going again this time and going with my mom and girlfriend was a whole different story. Didn't help that it was extremely windy yesterday (not the feasts fault obviously). But at this "new" and supposedly better location they had parking across from the parking lot in a dirt field. Now I'm no rocket scientist but I knew it was going to be windy this weekend (little thing called weather.com) and having hundreds of people park in a dirt field with nobody out there directing traffic and a very uneven surface with lots of rocks and dirt was a disaster. **side note--- if you are driving a car in a wind storm, don't be a jerk and please let people walking have the right of way!!! You are safely in a car and we are trying to cross the street while getting dirt smacked in our face. Thank you** Dirt field parking - minus 2 stars off the bat. Another star lost for charging $8 a person to go to this. If the food was reasonably priced the charge to get in wouldn't be so bad. I feel sorry for the people who go to this event with kids. While the food was good and the service at the couple of tents I went to was friendly, paying that much for food I could have gone to a restaurant on the strip. $8 for a 6 inch sausage and peppers sub, $10 (are you f'n kidding me) for a 6 inch meatball sub, $8 for a 6 inch philly steak sandwich?! It's highway robbery. Minus another star for those prices.
All in all I probably spent close to $70 for not even an hours worth of time and barely any food. Not to mention we didn't go on any rides or play any games. Waste of time and money.
As a prideful Italian this was painful to write but someone has to speak the truth about this event. For a family of 3 or 4 with two kids this event must run $200.
Oh and the karaoke needs to be turned down a notch. I'm sorry but some of those kids were terrible and while its cute and funny I don't need a headache to go with my empty pockets.
Phew- glad to get all that off my chest.
Very disappointing.  Being Italian I would not recommend this event.  Bad location, priest in a tiny booth, walking lanes to narrow, $9 for a tiny raw sausage and pepper sandwich from "Little Johnny's" I think.  When I told him it was raw he said sorry.  No offer to replace or refund.  Stay away from that vendor.  The only good note is that I got my sister in law to convert from that stupid funnel cake to fried dough:)
I finally get to vent on how much of a massive shit hole this "festival" is. Worst pizza I ever had, which was comparable to bad microwavable pizza (this might be what they actually used). I also got the sausage in a dry old bun, what? no condiments?! No grilled onions or bell peppers?  Why did I pay $12 for that turd in a bun? At least the Italians serving the food were friendly... actually it was quite the opposite. Screw this place, I'm going to the Greek Food Festival.
It's kind of an expensive event to go to, considering the entrance fee and the food prices. It was for my husband and I, about $50 total, and this was five years ago, held at an empty lot near Rampart and that shopping center off Charleston. Parking was a problem. The atmosphere was nice- there were performers. 

The food was excellent (sausage and peppers sandwich) but I just think that the vendors charged a lot. It was restaurant prices. We didn't go back. 

On a side note, this festival was started many years ago. My husband was a child when he was featured in an article about the event. My mother-in-law had this framed article hanging on the wall.
It's like a big slot machine, you go, drop $100, and walk away sad and feeling like an idiot. Overpriced, overrated, over attended, over cooked, I'm over it. Over and out.
spent tooo much money... on nothing. 
the food is mediocre.  the vendors are pretty whack.  
the carnival was lame.  my kids weren't excited. 

i've only been once.. and never went back.

it's like a poem! a bad poem!  like this review.
OVERPRICED RIP OFF!

Went last night with friends. You have to pay $9 to get in. The food is good but rediculously overpriced. I had a smoothie it was $7 a plate of pasta was $14 and a cup of soda was $6. Very good italian food but the prices were unacceptable. You can't pay with credit cards, so you have to use their ATM machines that charge $5 per transaction.

The rides... you have to pay $5 per ride or $30 unlimited. What a rip off. With the wife and kids I spent over $300 in 4 hours.

The parking was a complete fiasco. The the line to get in... 1.5 hour wait in line. They were totally understaffed and the whole thing was not set up with any type of direction. There were so many people walking around you couldn't move. And like most carnivals in Las Vegas, 90% of the people were human scum. Multiple fights breaking out, gang members, etc. As I was waiting for the kids to get off a ride these black guys would walk up to me and ask if I wanted to buy cocaine at least one time every 5 minutes. After 11pm there were literally mobs of black kids straight outta the ghetto wearing gang colors and bling bling everywhere.

There were only 2 toilets, rent-a-johns, that were so filthy people were running out of them. No toilet paper, feces all over the floor, used tampons on the floor, and a stench that would make anyone puke.

If this event was run PROPERLY and prices weren't so high they'd get much better reviews. Management needs to get a grip.

Another tidbit...they need to keep the vendors Italian themed. There were vendors selling time share scams, air conditioning units, vacatins to Mexico, nudie bar tickets, etc. There were also multiple vendors selling the same product (who the hell needs 8 vendors selling plastic jewelry).

One positive thing, the VERY FEW actual italian people working the booths were very polite. They were elderly but they brought back memories of Little Italy in NYC.
Last night I took the monkeys here and met up with some of my work buddies. It was expensive but I have yet to find a carnival that wasn't. The looks of pure joy in my babies eyes while going up, down and running around on all the rides made it worth every penny. 

If you go online you can print out coupons for reduced admission (two adults for $14...instead of $18 and a $5 off unlimited ride band which puts it at $20). Another really cool thing was that we went on the night where mommies can ride for free, which was lovely because my little dare devil daughter wasn't quite tall enough to go on some of the kiddie rides by herself. I know tonight (Thursday) the daddies ride for free. 

The food is pretty tasty and yes its pricey. I highly recommend Fat Sonny's booth...they were super nice and made a nice plate for the kids of shells, marinara, cheese and meatballs (must try their real restaurant). Also...I wanted to try the s'mores funnel cake but I just didn't have any room in my tummy. We are going to try and go again...just watch out for the weekend...its absolutely CRAZY and not good for kids at all.
Went there tonight, and I assure you it will be my last.  I might as well just burn a hundred dollar bill, and then go back to my high school cafeteria and get some "Italian food."

It is the most overpriced, over packed, over rated, under cooked, Nastiest mess I have ever been to.  The only reason I gave it 1 star, is because the parking was free.  

Trust me, save your money, time, and sanity!!  Stay away!  I brought my wife and 3 kids with me.  Getting around with the stroller was extremely difficult with all the mouth breathers just standing around.
A wonderful cultural event for the whole family. If you are from New York City or accustomed to a different Feast of San Gennaro, please adjust your expectations appropriately. This is not New York City nor is this the Feast you are used to. This is Las Vegas, and this is a different Feast. Even so, San Gennaro is the patron saint of Naples in the Catholic denomination of the Christian faith. The feast celebrates in his name and the spirit of the Italian-American immigrants. Apparently, in name and spirit only, but it's still a good family-style celebration.

$9 to get in this year, cheaper with coupon. Stupidly expensive food and shady, under-the-radar street vendors with cheap Made-In-China kakadoodoo charging ugly prices that put a booger look on a pit bull, and who don't give receipts.Good employee motivation at the foodfest tent constantly wiping tables.

This event started in New York City as a one-day affair celebrating San Gennero with Italian food and Italian immigrants in America and has franchised to every major city in the United States. A good Italian-American tradition that has gone multicultural a'la West Coast style. Food booths are not just Italian-American food, but a wide variety of "carnie-style" and world cultures, including: Mediterranean, Mexican, Fried Oreos, Funnel Cake, Fried Cheesecake, Garlic Fries, Cheesesteak, Pizza of a couple different varieties (sadly no Sicillian), Corn Dogs, Candy Apples, Caramel Apples, Churros, Alligator (yes, and Rocky Mountain Oysters at the same place), and many more. Food prices ranged from $7 to $20 per portion, which is hideously expensive...shamefully expensive...belligerently expensive. Scandalous, just scandalous.

Music offerings I saw this year are Mexican cantina music and Filipina music. The old guy in the foodfest tent still had his accordion. 

Typical carnival rides found at any county fair.

Happens twice a year: May and September. Open 'til Midnight most nights.
Ugh. I feel like I just paid $7 (admission fee with coupon) to watch a bunch of infomercials. You walk in and it's just a bunch of booths selling spas and blinds and phones and non-working health devices. I saw nothing "cultural" or "religious". The food was way overpriced for what it was. If you have no means of getting out of the city, then this might be the place for you; I have experienced festivals waay better than this one. 

Even though parking is free and everyone wants a close parking spot (who doesn't?), you're better off parking in the Bass Pro Shop parking lot and walking either through the store or around the Bass Pro Shop and to the front of the Silverton. You'll save yourself a lot of time and hassle and the police directing traffic. If you take that main turn to the Silverton, you're going to be stuck for a while with everyone else going to the Festival. Keep going straight and around the corner and you'll see a place where you can turn left to the Bass Pro Shop parking area.

Oh, and don't forget to bring CASH. Don't get stuck pulling out money at the ATMs they set up front.
My mate and I just checked out the new Rio rendition of the Las Vegas San Gennaro Feast on its opening day, and other than having great difficulty finding it and a parking spot in a Rio lot, we both pretty much enjoyed the food and entertainment. I thought the Feast was situated behind the Rio, and it was.  But it is not accessible from Valley View Boulevard. The best way to reach it is to enter the Rio and go around the Carnival World Buffet right to the back and out the Rio near Gaylord Indian Restaurant.  Signage is horrible until you reach the back doors of the Rio that lead to the Feast. I needed to ask the security guard manning the Rio Security Desk how to get to the Feast, just as did the person in front of me. 

Once there, the usual sights and smells of a wide array of Italian and other cooking food products were prevalent, with several vendors touting their products as potential patrons walked by. I wanted to try a new food vendor this time--and did--but to my disadvantage. The hand-tossed pizza looked real tasty with cheese melting nicely on slices that were dotted with pepperoni. But the taste of these slices was bitter, and tomato paste was much too dominant an element in the sauce. At least the outfit selling this mediocre stuff is from Northern California, and only sells at fairs and festivals (I checked), so you won't accidentally run into this pizza in the Las Vegas valley. The two pizza slices I ate set me back $8.00. I am going to Biaggio's for lunch later today to get some first-rate pizza to make up for last night's clinkers! 

Much better was the Philly Cheesesteak I bought from an Anthony's booth, as I did last year. I watched it grilled before me. Since I hadn't eaten all day in preparation for the Feast, dressed with self-administered ketchup and packed with small cut up pieces of cooked beef, red and green peppers, white onions, and well-melted Mozzarella Cheese inside a soft 6-inch bun, this $9.00 beauty was worth the high-sounding cost. Diane's Potato Tornado, greasy bent circles of deep-fried potatoes that were a cross between thick potato chips and french fries, also tasted quite good. And, a large-size bag of Cinnamon Roasted Almonds that wasn't that big was steeply priced at $9.00 but offered both of us a nice sweet ending to our dinners. Everything was washed down with very reasonably priced bottles of spring water and Sierra Mist purchased at the Rio's own Cafe Martorano booth. 

We didn't play any games of chance/skill but I saw a huge banana, pig, Bart Simpson, and other stuffed creatures in attendees' hands, so some people were clearly winning major prizes. As in the past, our main focus was on the food and entertainment. 

And, the entertainment we saw was excellent and largely different than what we observed in previous years. Dick Contino, Tony Sacca, and Lena Prima performed once again, but there were also the Motown Divas, Chris Lista from the East Coast, an actor-singer who plays Frank Sinatra in "The Rat Pack Is Back" at the Rio, the bird trainer from "America's Got Talent" appearing with Danny the Parrot, Deja Vu from South Point, and Kim Styles, who belted out a very nice rendition of Adele's "Rolling in the Deep." The Michael T Orchestra that backs up singers was also once again excellent--especially the saxophonist. The fine live entertainment in the Tony Sacca Show that begins at 8:00 p.m. each night of the festival, and changes daily, is worth the $6.00 price of admission (with coupon) alone. 

Uniformed Las Vegas Metro officers were clearly visible, the crowd seemed happy and very mellow, debris on tables was picked up by Feast volunteers very soon after a diner got up to leave, and colorful amusement rides were in full bloom.  We were both glad that we attended yet another Feast.
So this is a mixed review.  We had fun walking around although we got there early and by the time we left it was wall to wall people.  When you enter, you come up this row and the third booth in on the right is a Veterans Booth and they ask for a $1 donation for a bottle of water.  I will tell you, this is the cheapest bottle you will get there, because all the other places charge from $1.50 to $3.00.  The $3.00 one's are just plain scum bags and don't deserve to be there, selling the same bottle for $3.00 that you can get for $1.00 and it helps the Veterans (not a hard choice there).

Once you come up to the "T" you have 4 rows, 2 with food and 2 with crafts for sale.  On the left is a place called Lucy's and I had the WORST Philly Cheese Steak I have ever had.  I lived in Philly for 6 years and the dumpiest place in Philly still served a better cheese steak then these people.  It was very disappointing and NOT worth $10.00.

Across from them is a place called Anthony's and for less money, you will get the best cheese steak you can find next to POPS out on Decatur.  This was more like an authentic steak.

The food is ok, nothing to write home about and certainly not worth the price the venders charge.  You can get a much better Italian dish at Buen Guesto on Eastern and Horizon Ridge in the Albertson's Shopping center for a much cheaper price.  People were nice, but its like a traveling carnival with over priced food that does not taste as good as the signs say they are.  Will I go back, once a year if more then enough, however, next time I will probably go full so I don't have to spend a ridiculous amount of money for very very LOW quality food.  

On a good note, Carmines had pizza which was very good.  They are located on the right side of the food booths towards the back and they are worth the price.  A slice is a little more then in a regular place, but worth the price.

Overall all, for the prices they charge, I can only give this even a 2 and unless forced to drive, I would never go back to this event again, its not worth my time, money or oxygen....
Yay! I am a fan. Not sure what all the complaining is about. In Vegas, most if not all of the beer festivals, concerts, wine walks, etc. are overly expensive and yet there never seems to be a shortage of people ready to pony up the cash to take part. San Gennaro is no exception. It can be costly, especially if you are not a coupon user and/or have a large family. 

I had a group buy for 2 VIP tickets (which just meant we got to bypass the ticket line) for $8. So it only cost $4 per person to get in. Not bad. After that I pretty much just walked around and people watched while stuffing my face with food and drinks. No, it is not the best, most authentic Italian food I have ever had. Maybe that's because I'm not in Italy. I'm in a casino parking lot in Las Vegas with port-a-potties and a petting zoo. (Insert comment about bringing hand sanitizer.)

Lots of vendors will gladly give you a sample to try before you buy so you'll never get stuck with a food purchase you don't like. Obviously there are exceptions, like the roasted corn on the cob. You can't sample it first but it smells wonderful and is one of the few vegetable options offered here. The fried dough covered in powdered sugar is good if you get one fresh and hot. Don't accept one that is already cooked, sitting on the counter under the heat lamps. It's $4, they will make you a fresh one and it is worth the wait. Wash it all down with a lemonade or draft beer for $4/$5. Purchase a baby turtle in a small "aquarium" for $12 and call it a night. 

Per Dennis. T: parking in the garage near the buffet isn't a bad idea. 

Also, you can hit the restrooms when you walk through the casino. There is a line outside for the port-a's.
This is my first year in Vegas, I heard about the San Gennaro Feast from of all things a billboard, then a quick writeup in the Las Vegas Sun. Wanting something to do that was different several of us decided this was worth checking out. Our group consisted of 4 adults, 2 teenagers, a 4 year old and a 20 month old. 

Parking...was $10 (guarded by Metro PD officers who knew their business!) and required a long walk with kids in tow through the Rio cutting across the casino floor. Then there was a line to get tickets...and if you don't print out the coupons they hit you up for $8 per person. Kids under 56 inches are free but the measuring line they used looked set pretty low to me but it turned out to not be an issue.... 

Once we got in the gate the first thing we saw was the vendors...selling raffle tickets, hot tubs, all sorts of stuff. Yawn. Keep on walking. Then you get the first whiff of food...good food. If you brought cash then you have some good choices that makes this place live up to the feast in it's name. This was one of the few places where nobody complained about their food. Even the picky teenagers got satisfied. In fact the food was so good nobody complained about the Italian singing going on at the main stage which got a little screechy and pitchy at times. 

Even without a coupon we still got a good deal on ride tickets, and they had rides for all ages. My 20 month old even got to go for two rides on a train and a helicopter ride. The balloon toss man on the West side....was awesome. He got some serious $$ out of us because he was friendly and knew how to smile and we even took time to put a compliment in with his boss...awesome guy, great with the kids. .

Overall? Time and money well spent. We will gladly do it again next year, just this time with coupons in hand and VIP access so we can skip the entrance line. Overall....it was so much fun I have to give it 5 stars. All of them earned.
The parking at the rio horrible. Across from the parking garage they charge 5.00 for a secured lot. That's a deal. But then you have to walk all thru the casino to get to the feast. Bad planning on the rios part and the planners of the feast. They should of kept it at the silverton. 
Once inside it was Great. The food lines weren't long. Good deals at the booths and the rides are always fun.
Much better location then the Silverton Casino last year. Parked in the back lot/garage of the Rio so did not have to pay parking and when I arrived and at 6pm was still plenty of parking in the garage. It also made it a quick walk for us with two kids.   In our group the 2 children under the 54 inches so didn't have to pay for them to enter.  I also printed off the online coupon for us  so two adults entered for $5 each. Last I printed of TWO coupons for the $5 off each all pass ride. If you plan to stay to buy the all pass ride.  cuz tickets for a min of 3 per ride and at $1 ticket or I think it was 20 for 26 tickets the $20 pass with coupon makes sense. 
It was also free ride for moms tues and dads where thurs so if you did have little ones it made those days cheaper to ride with the kids.   
We go to this every year and always have fun!
I love San Gennaro! I've been attending this event for the past two years and haven't been let down yet. The fun, the excitement, its all a great experience for families and groups of friends.

The food is amazingly amazing. I'm a big fan of Italian food. Correction, authentic Italian food and its great here. Everything from baked zitti to zepoles, to lamb gyros to kabobs. The food is a bit pricey, anywhere from $9-$15, but at the end its worth it. 

Great drink specials from beers that range from $4-$6 and AMF's and margaritas from $4-$6 as well. The park rides are $3-$8 depending on the ride but you can always get a $25 ride pass and you're good.

I'm glad they held it at the Rio Hotel this year rather than the Silverton. That equals more room and better parking. Looking towards the next event.
What a waste of time and money! It was so unbelievably packed, nowhere to park, so many people bumping into me and people stepping on my toes, and stopping right in front of me for no reason (aka RSD which stands for 'Random Stop Disorder' as my husband calls it)... there goes 2 hours of my life that i'll never get back. why did i put myself through that shit? I'm definitely not a people person and definitely not a fan of big crowds. I really wanted to try some of the food they had to offer there cuz it all smelled so gooood, but there's no way in HELL i could eat standing up around the rude crowd. It was already bad enough with people running into me, bumping me, and stepping all over my toes... imagine that while trying to eat... no thank you, I'd like to live and not choke on my own food. I'm never going back to this feast thing again. If you're not a fan of big crowds, steer away from this. We ended up leaving to eat someplace else where we could actually sit down in peace and enjoy a meal in peace.
we go everyyear pretty fun good times good food four stars cuz it gets a littlie too crowded for me but i guess thats my probem not theirs lol
This year it was at the Rio which was okay, but the food was kinda expensive...$10 Lasagna, $9 Sausage and Pepper Sandwich, etc. We were looking for the booth that sold Arancini which was our favorite, but I guess they didn't show this year. 

Overall, just okay and probably gonna be ridiculously expensive next year...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(57/365)"Mangia!"
Can you say rip off? I can't understand charging admission to get into a parking lot where you'll spend even more money on junky rides and overpriced food and drinks. Is the admission price there to cover your use of the port-a-potties? I don't think it was to be able to sit in a chair and eat at a table since there were not enough of either. I only had to attend this "feast" once to know that I never want to go back. Spending over $100 to trudge around in the heat with throngs of people, eating my dinner standing up is not my idea of fun.
Just got back from the first 2012 Feast, and we had a GREAT TIME! This was our 4th time going since we went to our first one, and this one has been the best so far, followed closely by the first visit (since a bunch of my friends went, now it's usually just my husband two kids and I. I don't understand why nobody wants to go..) 

ANYwho, you just have to know how to work the system! It was at the Rio again, which I don't really mind what location they use, but I've never had to pay for parking. I'm not sure what that's about down below.. I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say the website, but there is one online that we purchase our San Genarro musts before we even go to the event. 

On there, we get two people in for $7 (kids are little and free), and we get the Anthony's Steak Sandwich vouchers online from this site for $4.50 a piece ($9 at the venue). Those include any sandwich, sausage or steak. Delicious!! We love them. The real kicker however is the amusement wristbands. Normally $25, we get them for $15 on this site! Best thing I've ever done. Our kids went on a ton of rides, even though there isn't much for my youngest, she's not 36 inches yet, but I think we used them up wonderfully. Oh, and the first two nights either Mom or Dad is free, so that's unlimited rides for $45 for four people. I think that's a steal.

My ONLY problem, is that everything else food wise is SO EXPENSIVE! I don't understand the $15 pasta plates, $6 pizza slices or the $7 fried Oreos. You can get them downtown for .99 cents. Besides, the whole point in my opinion is to go and try LOTS of things, because there's so much to choose from. You can't do that at those prices and portion sizes. They really need to rethink this strategy.

My husband had his sausage sandwich from Anthony's, and an outright AMAZING baked potato from another vender there. I had my steak sandwich from Anthony's, and a slice of cheese pizza later from another vender down the right lane. It was fantastic. I had the tiramisu from the ladies that keep the slices out on the counter down the right next to another popular eatery there (I wish I could remember these names guys, sorry.) But the best of all was the Gelato we got for the kids! It was so creamy and delicious, lots of flavors. They had the strawberry and the pistatio, and the guy gave us "kids scoops" for $2, which were plenty. He was super sweet and was donating all his tips to charity. Really great stuff.

Due to all this, we're actually going to go again tomorrow night, so I will come back and name all these places, as I'm pretty sure they are there every year, and I'll see if I can include that website. The wristbands go quickly, so there aren't any left for this year however. That's okay, get them for the September Feast!
2012 -  Can't complain about admission prices due to free voucher and the choices i made at the dizzying array of vendors turned out pretty tasty. Somebody was trying to charge for parking, but it was free at Gold Coast across street. I can picture this place becoming a hellish mob of sweat and people on the weekends because the aisles are way too small and there clearly isn't enough places to sit. On this Thursday night at 9pm, it was almost full, so chaos might reign in a few days.
    The $7 large slice of Spinach and Chese and garlic for starters was quite bold in taste and was easily foldable to boot. It's the only place that has that variety of pizza, so you can't miss it. Main course was the $10 monster slab of Lasagna from i think JUniror's? It was right in the pan that it was baked in and she cut a healthy chunk off for me. I had to add the garlic bread for a buck and talked her into a 2nd piiece for free, but bread was hard and not good at all. The sauce on the lasagna was a solid red and this thing had some good layering of cheese, meat, and noodles under the excessive sauce. No way you can eat this standing up, but it was filling and worth the price. Finally, the sight of an overflowing dish of cannoli's with Chocolate chips appeared and for $4 scooped up one at the Sweet Shop - easy to spot too. These were filled with a heavier cream than usual, but it made for a different and denser pastry, but still top notch.
  Oh yeah on the way out, grabbed an Italian Licorice. A strange chewy stick of Sour licorice stuffed with an unknown filling. Sweet, but worth a try for novelty.
May 12, 2012

This year I enjoyed the location of the San Gennaro feast more than the previous year when it was hosted at the Silverton hotel & casino. 

We parked at the Gold Coast hotel & casino, had a few drinks then walked over to the festival. We went around 8pm after the sun went down and it cooled off a bit, it was still booming. I am glad we did not go to the Rio for parking, we could see what a bleeping nightmare that was with all of the cars and parking congestion. No thanks! 

We walked around to take a look at all of the food vendor options before deciding on what we would grub on. That took awhile as it was wall to wall people, just walking through to check out the food vendors was an obstacle. They created the isles too narrow and did not think of the crowd when setting it up. I don't enjoy buying an ice cold beer and having my freaking elbows knocked into spilling my beverage!!! No No No! I don't enjoy in the heat of the desert night walking grinding hips and rubbing backs with strangers. 

Ok...so after the complete challenge of getting your food, where to sit and eat you say? Not enough tables and chairs, we had to search as if on a scavenger hunt to find a spot to sit and eat our food that was growing cold by the second! Ugh...

Ok so on to what we ate...we had many rounds of cold beer from the beer tap truck. Mmmmm so refreshing and cold and I am not even much of a beer drinker. I had three beers just because they were so cold and went well with our grub and the heat. Yeah it was still HOT out at 10pm we were some sweaty mofo's!

We stopped by Taste of Chicago, mmmm yum and so glad we did! We ordered an Italian beef sandwich, paper-thin sliced beef marinated in A JUS served on Italian bread. That was tender and tasty, nice size with lots of meat! We also ordered a pizza puff, mmm yes yum you heard right! A pizza puff! A deep fried pizza pocket like pastry but delicious and loaded with yummy sausage, cheese, marinara, spices. That was a winner! I could have eaten many more of those! Mmmm yum yum yum yes yum I say. Ok so this vendor happens to be a local joint. They are located inside of Lucky's at 7345 S. Jones blvd, LV 89139.

Can't forget dessert! Classic funnel cake sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon did the trick. Was fried perfect, so tasty I was moaning at this point in our venture. It satisfied my need, my want, my craving for something sweet and delectable to embrace my accepting tongue. Mmm yes I needed you and you gave me what I wanted, thank you Mr. Funnel cake!

We happen to sit next to some really cool locals who we could shoot the shit with, was awesome we had a blast talking, laughing and joking it up. Exchanged phone numbers, yeah made another BFF also, yay! 

The music was awesome, enjoyed listening to the live musicians do there thing on stage making us groove!

Only 2 stars, the food is good but overpriced, yes we expect that unfortunately. The crowd control sucked balls and not the kind I usually like to suckle on. They just want our money, it is clear they do not consider the comfort or convenience of us the patrons. We are just a heard of cattle they need to milk and send on our way. The negative outweighed the positive on this event.

They also have merchandise vendors and a few carnival type rides set up for the children.
coming into the venue, i already knew i would be spending a lot of money.  The only way to control how much you spend is to bring $20, a few friends to share food with, and leave your atm card at home.  also bring your own drinks because it was HOT HOT HOT there! and plus, its $$$ for beverages anyways.

the part i disliked was that many booths didn't have prices, and that there wasn't a map of some sort to indicate which booth had what.  Is that too much to ask for?  maybe, idk.  but i felt like all the booths were the same.  but then you see someone else's food and you wonder where they got it and you get mad because you wish you had gone there instead. cuz that happened to me... my funnel cake was flat and this family had a huge puffy won, and i was a little jealous. and it turns out they bought it on the other side of the venue...whatever, what can i do but live and learn?

so we were able to try a philly cheesesteak for $9,  funnel cakes were $6 for a plain.  theres a booth with two huge ravioli,  meatballs and a breadstick for $5, sausage and peppers were i think $8 and pizza by the slice was $5.  there was more we tried, but not worth mentioning.  

it was a fun experience.  i think this feast is the closest thing to a county fair las vegas has, which is a shame.  in any case, i would go again in september, but never again on a saturday night.
5 stars last year? What a difference a year makes! This year's experience, pardon my language, sucked donkey balls. Let's break down the formula for the San Gennaro Feast, circa 2012 edition. 

1: Parking. Fleece your customers to park sort of close or fleece them a little less and make them walk halfway across the west side of Vegas to get a parking space. 
1a: Find the surliest, most hateful parking attendants in Vegas. Hire them based on attitude. 
2: Find the most disorganized and slow way of getting people to the gate to pay admission. Did the ice sheet in Antarctica melt by the time it took us to get in? 
3: Once inside run past the pushy merchants trying to sell you everything. 
4: Pay out the nose for food. No let's take an arm and a leg too. 
5: Offer a super tiny itsy bitsy teeny weenie little place to sit and eat your overpriced food. (Think Strip prices but on the wrong side of I-15). Oh wait, we don't want you to sit, that would take up too much space we need for maximum monetization of the event!
6: Let's charge way too much for carnival ride tickets. 
7: Let your friends cut in front of everyone that waited 20 min for a ride. (Happened 4x)
8:Fight hordes of rude, stupid people who must have been born in a barn and don't have a freakin clue about basic courtesy.
9: Walk back to your car that was supposedly watched by "security" to find your mirror broken off and dangling and other damage done to your car. 

Las Vegas deserves a San Gennaro Feast that is in the Italian traditions, not the Mafia traditions. I felt like I got fleeced, mugged, and downright abused at this year's event. 

Someone needs to step back and rethink what the heck they're doing here. This could be a world class event but the way it's going, this will be the last year I go back. 

1 Star, posted under extreme howling protest. Eek! Methinks not, indeed!
I wasn't going to even go this year because the years I have gone previously I was not impressed. Well I got free tickets so we said what the hell.
I expected parking to be a nightmare, luckily we were able to get a spot in the parking garage of the Rio. In San Gennaro tradition, it was freaking hot outside!
 We had some street tacos (other than funnel cakes, the only food worth getting), yes Mexican at an Italian festival, it's the best and cheapest thing we've had there the last few years. We tried Anthonys World Famous Chicken Parm with spaghetti, it was the only place we could find that didn't deep fry chicken fingers, smother them with sauce and cheese and label it chicken parm. We'll we should've gotten the fingers, the chicken was dry, the coating fell off, the spaghetti was pre sauced...yuck, it was edible but... I'm not Italian and I could do way better Chicken parm. Shared an ear of corn (yum-more butter please!) and washed it down with sugary lemonade.
I really didn't feel like experimenting any more and wasting money on food I didn't like. Droves of people were beginning to crowd the small walkways, so we beat feet and split.
Trying to figure out what the hell is Italian about this festival besides an entertainer here or there and maybe two different Italian food vendors selling food that didn't look very appealing. 

If you like to walk in non-stop crowds, look at terrible swap meet goods and get hassled by impossible midway games this is definitely the place. Plan on parking a mile away at least. 

Anyways, last but not least. FREE THAT DAMN MONKEY at the exit. That fat guy in the wheelchair was abusing it in front of people!!!
The Rio San Gennaro Feast was definitely a step up from the last one I went to at the Silverton two years ago but still a gigantic waste of time and money (as with just about any carnival). The Rio one gets a bump up to two stars for having normal parking instead of the dirt field at the last one. My review is staying the same for the most part as my previous one for this event... overpriced, overpriced, overhyped.... yet, I still keep going. Go figure.

$10 for a crappy knock-off philly cheese steak!!! I wish I wrote down the name of the places I ate from so I would remember never to go to them again. I've eaten microwave cheese steak better than the one there.
$9 sausage and peppers - really good but c'mon... $9!!
$4 italian ice - for a small! it was good though haha

best deal:
$3 for a small bag of Kettle Corn! It was so good that we ate half the bag on the way home.

I think this will be my last trip to this festival, although I said that the last two times I went as well.
I went here straight from the airport not really knowing what to expect. This is more of a carnival atmosphere instead of a traditional Italian festival but it was still fun.

Lots of worthless booths as you enter with a bombardment of crap you don't care about. Once past that there is TONS of food. Everything from Italian items such as lasagna, italian sausage sandwiches and pasta dishes to Mediterranean, Greek and many others.

It looked like there were lots of rides for the kids and a entertainment stage that certainly gets hopping at night. No one was really listening when I was there because the whole seating area is in direct sunlight.
This place makes you pay for EVERYTHING. They need to change somethings about this festival in my opinion.  It shouldn't be a entry fee since your going to play for games, shopping, rides and food? Might as well have to pay to use the damn bathroom too. Just be cautious of the food. A lot of the venders keep the food open and bugs flying around and people sneezing and coughing everywhere. 

One ride might cost you 5 bucks, so they have deals where you can get a bunch of tickets for 35 dollars and some have a all day pass. 

Food is about 5, 10 and 15 dollars. 

Games are 5 dollars and up. 

You'll probably end up paying over 50 dollars for a few hours in this festival. If you have family, then much more of course. 

I like going, but it's pretty expensive.
My Italian family back in Pittsburgh would smack me upside the head if I were to bring them here and then call this an "Italian Festival."  Seriously, all I can hear in my head is my Uncle Vince saying, "What the hell is the matter with you??!"  

When you walk in, you are greeted by Republican candidates, real estate agents, and several booths where you can "Spin the Wheel! Everyone is a Winner!"  Once you get past the gauntlet, you find yourself amongst the food.

So we started to make a lap around the booths.  I was hoping to find some Italian restaurants from town I could try and maybe grab a slice of pizza.  Instead, I found nothing.  Either it was not vegetarian or had been sitting in the hot sun for far too long.  

Ummmmm now what?  We made another lap.  That's when I noticed that none of the booths had a business name on them.  They all just said "Italian Sausage" or "Calamari" or "Pizza."  So this is just a traveling festival and nothing they sell here is local?  LAME.

I finally found a local caterer and wound up getting a $5 Caprese salad that came in a Dixie cup with a slice of garlic bread.  I'm still starving!!  I then broke down and went to one of the generic booths selling pizza.  They wanted $7 for a slice that looked like it had been sitting out for the last two hours.  No thanks.  I got an ice cream cone and decided I had enough.  I'm out.

On the way out we walked past some circus side shows that involved snakes and monkeys.  I knew I would get too depressed looking at them so I kept walking by.  And then I proceeded to get super depressed watching the poor ponies being forced to walk in circles in the heat without any kids even riding them... or the sheep covered in wool that looked like they were going to pass out from the heat..... Then there went someone selling used hot tubs....and crappy jewelry....and ugly t-shirts....

Oh, and did I mention that they also sold Mexican, Greek, and Japanese food here?  There goes my Uncle Vince again....

So in short: I have been to Greek, Lebanese, Indonesian, and Hawaiian festivals in this town.  They all represent their cultures well and are made up of small businesses or churches.  The people running this mess apparently think that Italians only eat sausage and old pizza and like to buy used hot tubs.  Needless to say, I will not be returning.
I have wanted to go for many years.
I will NEVER go again.
I had to pay to get in then pay $9-$15 for everything I wanted to try.
$9 for a single slice if cheese pizza?!?! It wasn't even that great!
I paid $10 for a extra long sausage on a hot dog roll. It might look good and taste OK but not worth that price. 
I feel as though since the food vendors there are traveling along with the feast from town to town that they don't really care what the food tastes like.
I do not recommend this to anybody I wasted $60 in just 45 minutes.
The food was kinda expensive i mean a simple Italian sausage with some peppers coast 9 bucks and it didn't even taste that great ....meatballs on a stick coast 8 bucks no taste at all... the cheapest thing i saw was some street tacos for 2 that's not even Italian lol...with the entrance fee and the fees for some rides i don't think what i had to spend was wroth it at all...if u have kids maybe its fun for them the rides other than that the feast is terrible... i have had way better Italian food for way cheaper... i think i could make Italian food that taste better....
The Silverton move seems ideal. 

- parking was crowded, though not a problem to find a spot

- Admission can be pricey, so search the net for $4.00 off coupons. Worth it!

- I was disappointed that the chicken parmesan left much to be desired. I came with an empty stomach and the notion that my taste buds were going to be in ecstasy with every bite of dripping marinara, but nope. It tasted like watered down Prego sauce, hard noodles and too-hard chicken. It might have just been the vendor that I chose. 

- I was bummed about my less than perfect chicken parm encounter, but that was almost forgotten when we went and rode the carnival rides. Lots to ride, lots to laugh about and almost pee your pants if you're not much of a thrill seeker in carnival ride form, like me.

- entertainment. I love the mix of entertainment on the 'main stage'. Older gentlemen belting out tunes I've never heard of, accordion acts, more older gentlemen dancing. I truly enjoyed this aspect.

- people watching was on par. Who wears tight mini dresses and 5 inch heels to a parking lot location? Oh yeah, people who go to this Feast. Was that Snooki and Deena I just saw? 

- I snapped out of my sad food mood when I saw BROWNIES, BANANAS and STRAWBERRIES DRIZZLED IN CHOCOLATE, ON STICKS! Had me one of those babies and also took a huge bite of husband's chocolate covered cheesecake on a stick. Left the feast with an empty wallet, but satisfied stomach.
Two years running I've attended this Feast and had a blast. The food tents are a plenty and I love the scent of all that food mixing together. We first stopped at the Cheesesteak tent and I had one with everything. Absolutely loved that they had cheezwhiz as a cheese selection.  The fresh cut and fried French fries were awesome and so much better than anything you can get a fast-food restaurant;  We grabed some fresh water taffy and being a black licorice fan I made sure to come back to this vendor on my way out and bout a huge length of it to take home. 

The rides were kind of weak but were your typical street fair rides you would find at pop up carnivals around town.  This is a great festival and fun for the entire family!
My friend had free tickets - if I had actually paid the ridiculous $9 admission and then overpaid for food I'd be way pissed right now. The bacon wrapped turkey legs sounded amazing, but eff paying $16.50! that's worse than Disneyland! We tried mediocre Philly cheese steak, garlic fries. Supposedly homemade ice cream that wasn't creamy like non commercial ice cream usually is. 

The one and only worthwhile thing was the funnel cake specifically from 1 of the 5 or so stands. They had 6" and 8" but we went with the 4" mini trio $8 including toppings like apples and cinnamon, blueberry/strawberry w cream cheese frosting, bananas, chocolate, bday cake, smores and probably a few others I forgot. It has to be from the one next to the corn stand - the rest were flat and looked like crap. 

It was packed with probably the most ghetto @ss crowd I've ever seen in vegas. Even w a free ticket I probably wouldn't go back - I can go to olive garden if I want mediocre Italian food. At least they have a/c w free soup and salad
Went there last night, had so much fun.
 the crowds were not that bad, around 9pm it was starting to get really busy.
the food prices were fair.. and very good choices
 Had a blast on the rides and enough campy lounge singers to round out the night , 
Good times
Ey, foget about it... 

It's a Vegas favorite. As you may know there are one or two Italians in Las Vegas. More? Oh. Of course. Better believe this Italian goes both spring and fall. It's a complete county fair along with an entire Italian flare. 

Hungry? Hope so. To truly experience the array of cuisine at this fest I recommend taking a small group and sharing a bit of everything you can eat. Vegan and veggies, sorry, you'll have little to choose from. However I suppose you're used to that. Oh!

Bring plenty of cash with you as few vendors have card readers and the atm fee is 5$. Worry not, there's plenty to spend it on. Clothing, jewelry, accessories, art of all kinds. It really never ends. 

Great live music throughout the 4 days on the main stage. Guitar wielding duos with accordions traveling about singing your favorite Italian classics and posing for pictures as well. 

Is it hot? Uh yeah, we're in the desert. Drink plenty of water and you're good. 

Now That's Italian!
Loved the experience of attending the San Gennaro Feast and wouldn't mind going again but damn!! is it expensive, haha but definitely worth going. It was so much fun and I loved all the choices of food and carnival rides and games.
Good people watching.  
The food was pretty good... expensive considering what you get.
Lots of variety of food vendors.
Carnival atmosphere.
I got free tickets.  
Now that I've been... I probably won't go again.
My Italian friend and I thought of making this festival our "pig out" day that week.  What a gross disappointment.  Artichokes, a perfect food, dunked in oil and fried.  Then they charged $5 for it?  Ew.  We left and went to a proper restaurant for our feast.  In a city of foodies, this was a shocker.
This was the absolute worst festival I have been to in Vegas.  
1) The rides were super expensive
2) there was almost no authentic Italian food, everything was fried, they even had a mexican booth.
3) there were no small portions (which in one sense is actually in line with the theme) making it impossible to sample more than one or two venders.
4) the layout was horrible.
5) the food they did have was mostly horrible.
6) there were people charging 8-10 dollars so kids could go into a ball on a 6x6 tub of water.  Just another ripoff.

One saving grace, there were a lot of local studios performing even if almost no one watched them.
I've never been to San Gennaro and I doubt I will return. I am thankful I won tickets from Jelli radio. I will make a list.

1. Everything here is overpriced. Each ride is $3 to $5 per person or $10 for all day access to bounce houses!
2. Most places charge $9 to $15 for items. ($9 for a sausage and pepper hoagie)
3. The layout is horrible and clustered.
4. Some of the vendors don't belong there. (Scientology, politicos, sports teams bathing suites, a petting zoo)
5. The majority of the vendors were serving the same damn thing.
6. The BEST food was from a little place called FAT NINJA and it wasn't Italian at all.
7. The talent wasn't really talent. (Although the little girls singing Sunday afternoon were so dang cute!)
8. There was no festivities or anything celebratory.
9. There was nothing really Italian about it.

I really did enjoy spending with my friend, her son, and my sister. Very disappointed.
Overpriced food vendors, rides and entertainment all in one place. Thought this was supposed to be an Italian food festival, however, there were all types of food here which was not what I was expecting...so pretty much it was like a normal food festival event a few Italian vendors here and there. Walked around the entire area and it was about 1/3 food/beverage, 1/3 carnival rides/entertainment and 1/3 (maybe less) vendors selling goods/services. Like I said it was just like any other food festival...I pretty much just left after I ate...not really much to do here unless you have kids that you can send on the rides here.
If, and only if you have kids...about the only thing worth it here is the $30 for the kids to ride unlimited rides all day. Otherwise, the ticket prices are a complete ripoff at $1 a piece when every ride is 3-5 tickets. Don't let them get near the games either. It cost me $10 for my son and his cousin to throw 8 darts, 4 each. They each hit two balloons with the darts and the lady gave 'em both some crap cheap plush crayon. I asked her how they can get something bigger and she said "just give me more money"...her exact words!  I mean really?!

I can't believe they can still get that many people here...it was packed. They charge $7 just to get in, $10 for a stuffed artichoke with no meat in it, $10 for a bland sausage sandwich, $5 for a tiny slice of cheese pizza and it seems like every other vendor raises their price for this event too. Everything is just a complete ripoff! I'll stay away next time they're in town.
Gross. Thought it would be a church- based  Italian food feast (and I am not religious, just looking for authenticity) and found a tacky, overpriced flea market. Had a ten dollar Philly cheese steak with cheez wiz. Yucky.
Always a great time! You can get everything from traditional sausage and peppers to giant turkey legs and corn on the cob. Do yourself a favor and try the fried raviolis and Italian lollipops. Now it's time for the gym...
OK, you all got to me!  I have a friend flying in on May 10th and I thought this might be a fun to do - along with eating some "great" Italian food!  WRONG!  After reading your reviews, I think a nice, quiet, sit-down, glass of red wine Italian dinner might be in order.  Besides, it sounds a lot more "cost effective" than going here!  If there is one, no make that two things, I hate in life it's politicians and getting ripped off - and this sounds like the perfect place for the latter!  Thank you all for your help!
I am reviewing nonnas kitchenette Nutella nachos! Have you heard of such a thing?? Neither have I! Absolutely delish! I ordered the ultimate which came with strawberries, bananas, cannoli cream, hazelnuts, whipped cream and topped with Nutella! You can't go wrong! If you go to San gennaro, you must try the NUTELLA NACHOS!! You can thank me later
This was my first year coming here and I am glad that I finally did after years of saying I would.  We came down midday which was cool because it didn't seem too crowded!  I like the atmosphere there was quite a few activities and rides for children, and even a live performance.  There was a plethora of food options to choose from and the lines were not long at all.  The food was a bit pricey though, and honestly there wasn't anything that I tried that was memorable or even finger licking!  Lol.  It was all just alright.  One thing that I didn't understand was of this is an Italian festival, why is there Greek food, Mexican food, Hawaiian, and even soul food being served here??  Aside from that I would say that it was an ok experience!
It's worth a look. Usually not as great as you would expect but there are the little surprises.
This is the 35th year of this event. Having not been to it in several years we decided to try it again. The food was good but not great. It's your typical vendor trucks making mass amounts of food and a lot of it sitting around waiting to be purchased. This would explain why some if the ribs/meats we tried were dry and tasteless. A seafood vendor "Lobster Muddah"(?) was actually very good. Depending on who you took a gamble on, the food was good or bad. Pizzas were doughy, some meatballs were loaded with bread crumbs. Prices for food were ridiculous. You would have thought you were in a proper restaurant. The covered seating area was adequate during the day but once it got busier in the evening you had to be aggressive to find a place to sit. Entertainment on Saturday was the highlight for us. The Las Vegas Bee Gees played at 5pm and were great. Unfortunately the organizers didn't have a schedule for entertainment at the venue or website, so you were on your own to figure it out. The carnival rides were your typical roadshow of rides and games. Once the sun started going down things got interesting. People were obviously dumping their kids without supervision at the event. Kids (good & especially bad) were going around in groups and eventually started causing issues which ended with police involvement. We did have a decent time during the day, ran into friends there and might return again but NEVER at night.
The family and I went to this today after seeing the advertisements.  My fiance was really excited to go, so I agreed hoping this would be a nice break from the norm and a great way to spend an early Saturday Evening.

We arrived right at 4pm, bought our tickets (2 adults, 2 kids - no kids discount $52.60) and entered the festival.  We were immediately grabbed by a hard sell timeshare company and it took more effort than I planned on spending to break away.

The festival was relatively empty, granted it was early in the day, and there were a few open booths.  One major disappointment is we found no Japanese food, which I was hoping for.  Vietnamese, Filipino, and Thai were all well represented, as well as a couple Hawaiian fusions, but that is about it.

The food trucks were definitely a highlight.  We both chose Truck Norris and it kicked ass (see separate review).  As the day progressed, the crowd only mildly picked up but the entertainment slightly elevated.  All told, we left at about 7:30pm after a roughly $220 expenditure.

I believe the event is priced on the high side, but was enjoyable.  This is the second annual, hopefully they will gain momentum in years to come.  We will definitely give them a shot next year as well.

Note:  Bring Cash!  ATM fee is $4.50 and no one takes credit!
Did someone say Food Festival? Asian cuisine? Las Vegas Asian Food Festival here I come!

Access and parking at Silverton Casino was easy and we had no problem. Entrance thru casino. Valet was helpful and gave precise directions;  follow signs, pass aquarium, pass gift shop and hang a right,entry pool area where you are greeted by event staff who will direct you where to go.  I picked up tix at will call thru VIP entrance since I won tix through a drawing via Yelp (Thank you Thank you!!) 

Arrived late afternoon, sun wasn't beating down, so the festival was shaded for the most part. 

I was expecting it to be crowded and have long lines but I'm guessing it was their down time and it wasn't that busy nor did I have to wait in hour long lines thankfully. Scoped and did walk thru to figure out what to eat, the layout was nicely organized  and made it easy to figure where everything was: 

Food trucks towards carnival side- L.A.  and our local Vegas ones represented the gourmet food trucks 

Food vendors towards freeway side - Filipino,Hawaiian,Thai,Chinese,Korean, Vietnamese, and Indian cuisines represented. ...oh and Italian Ice and Shave Ice (well more like snow cone textured ice to me, see pix). Honestly I'm really not a fan of food served up from warming trays that look like they have been sitting out. Not sure how long it's been sitting out so I'm more likely to skip out cause that's what they had.
 
Mid section had retail vendors, a caged fighting area, and the dj blasting music.

Carnival rides and Mickey D's towards back area 

Dining areas- There were three of them.  

The tented VIP one, you need your VIP pass to gain access to here, banquet tables with apps were being served when we were there around 5ish, the sake and bar started later on. Lucky I read via website the info so I timed arriving here perfectly!

The area towards the back had high top tables where you can stand, it wasn't shaded but at the time we went the sun was low enough that it shaded the area. The other dining area was tented with tables and chairs, plenty of seating.  Being the clean freak that I am, I appreciate that the dining area was pretty clean for an outdoor event. They had festival staff who bussed and clean the areas continually the time we spent there. The garbage cans were emptied also...just little things like this made it more aesthetically pleasing.

The variety of entertainment lineup during the time we were there varied. Hot Hula Fitness just finished up when we arrived. When we sat down to eat there was Thai acrobatics followed by a Tai Chi demo, then Ronald McDonald telling corny jokes and performing magic tricks. The kids both young and young at heart seemed to enjoy the show and that's all that mattered.

I ended hitting up the Truck Norris, Fluff Ice and Sin City Cupcakes! I have an obsession with food trucks what can I say!  Love the unique and different twists of Hawaiian/Filipino food and desserts from Truck Norris and Fluff Ice who are both from the Los Angeles area.  And Sin City Cupcakes...alcohol infused cupcakes...need I say more??? I'll follow up with separate Yelp reviews for them.  Ive learned from attending past foodie festivals to take cash since some of the vendors and food trucks do not take debit/credit cards.  So bring cash with you! 

The admission price initially might scare people away but note it's good for both days with in & out privileges. Kids get in free if they are a certain height! (so tell the taller kids to bend at the knees a lil bit so you're under the 48" limit ..haha..) You can pick up a $2 coupon off at a McDonald's, one of the sponsors for this event PLUS part of the proceeds go to a good cause, our local Ronald McDonald House. I found all this info on the website before I came.  So it is a good value if you take advantage of attending the weekend. We enjoyed our afternoon and will be back.
I am a big fan of festivals, and also happened to be lucky enough to win a pair of VIP tickets via Yelp (Thanks again Misti!), so I decided to check out the Asian Food Festival. Upon approaching the SIlverton, I saw tons of rides and booths set up and I was ready to have fun and eat a lot! 

Upon walking into the festival, I was in food para-para-paradise! I saw many familiar food vendors,as well as some new ones and I was eager to eat a lot! For my main meal, I decided to try some Filipino food since I've been craving it for a while now.  The food was tasty and reminded me of my best friend's food from back home in California. Having the VIP tickets was also a huge bonus to the fair. Who could say no to comp drinks?!

I am definitely looking forward to next year and the reunion I'll have with all the delicious food.