Very expensive, but also very romantic for those "special nights".
Food is great, everything is fondue (if you couldn't guess by the name)
Friendly staff, very attentive.
This is a wonderful location for a romantic evening with your special someone.  My wife and I love to go to The Melting Pot, but it is not something you can do all that often, unless you are rolling in cash.  But, you are getting great fondue and wonderful ambiance for the price, so don't let a little expense steer you away.

I remember one year, for my wedding anniversary, I took my wife to The Melting Pot for dinner, then surprised her with a night in a suite at the hotel we spent our wedding night.  It was very romantic.  We even got one of the cool booths that has a privacy curtain.

But, you don't just have to go for romance - take some friends and just go for cheese and chocolate!  That is a bit more reasonable, and absolutely, sinfully delicious.

The beef, chicken and fish are all top quality cuts, and the vegetables and fruits are bright and delicious - at the peak of ripeness.

I cannot recommend this place enough.  Remember, you are going to drop some dough, but you aren't going to care once you eat the food.

You go now!!
When I get the privilege of "dinner anywhere I want" from the hubby, this Melting Pot is at the top of my list!  Sophisticated, intimate, romantic atmosphere and attentive staff.  The cheese and chocolate fondues are delicious and the "dippables" are of the highest quality.  The whole experience is decadent and worth every penny.  And yes, bring lots and lots of pennies.  It's expensive.
Choc-a-holics Unite!!  

(Always wanted to say that, hee-hee!)

But seriously, if you love chocolate like I do, then the Melting Pot is perfect For you!

MP is famous for it's fondue style dinners but for me the star of the show is their desserts! Give me melted chocolate and strawberries and it's ALL GOOD! No seriously....this is my numero uno place for dessert! But I'll get back to that in a moment...

Dinner there is more like an experience...first and foremost it will take you at least an hour and a half (depending upon when and what time you go) to get through a typical 4 course dinner (cheese fondue appetizer, salad, main course fondue and of course, dessert). You don't have to have 4 courses but if you're looking to be full going for the full courses will take care of that! (I recommend the fiesta cheese fondue that is custom blended at your table for the appetizer...it's served with blocks of light and dark breads, chucks of cauliflower and carrots and apple slices, YUM!) The main course is chunks of your choice of meats and fish accompanied by several different dipping sauces to try after they are cooked according to your likeness in either hot broth or oil (again your choice of cooking styles)

NOW ON TO DESSERT!

My fav has got to be the Flaming Turtle..Sounds a Lil suspect I know...but trust me it is fabulous! It's basically milk chocolate, caramel, pecans and a shot of 151 (don't worry its more for show and gets burned off as they light it into the mixture) all melted together to form a little pot of melty chocolate heaven! With this you get strawberries, bananas, pineapples, crushed coconut and Oreo covered marshmallows, chewy fudge brownie bites, and even a Lil slice of cheesecake to dip into your chocolate creation! MY OH MY...every time I get to this part I feel like I'm having an org......OK never mind....let's just say it's over the top DELISH!  ;)

My only caveat here at this location is the service is hit or miss... granted the servers here have a lot on their plates and probably do much more than the average but I'm sure the tips are making up for this....my last visit a few weeks ago with my hubs for our anniversary was a perfect example...GREAT food...service (and they knew we were celebrating something) was under par (dude was from like Jersey /NY/Boston or something and had that "ttude..). The hostesses here need an attitude adjustment...all of them...so don't get too put off by them before you get to sit down and experience the fondue....I would give this plae a 4 star because of the bad attitudes that come out of the hostesses on a consistant basis but the dessert is so good it trumps them!

TIP: Call and make a reservation in advance and request a booth with the curtains...it's a little more private and makes you feel like your a Lil more exclusive!  ;D
Great place for a date or small group but the food and service is a bit overrated! Its also pricey for what you get. I think I paid about $120 for a table of 3 the last time there.
What a sub-par dining experience! I bought my husband a $100 gift card to the Melting Pot for his last birthday; we love fondue and make it frequently at home, but it's always a lot of work, and I thought it would be fun to sit back and let someone else stir the pot, if you will. Well, 2 valuable Friday-night hours and $150 (including the gift card) later, I wished we had stayed at home and created shredded mountains of Gruyere and Fontina ourselves. We selected the "Perfect Night Out" (ha!) menu, which allowed you to choose a cheese fondue, a salad, types of meat, style of broth fondue (for cooking the meat) and a dessert fondue. We both had dirty martinis with Absolut, which were $8.50 - so overpriced. We could have gotten Gray Goose martinis for that price elsewhere. 

Anyway, the cheese fondue fixings arrived, and our server (who was really, really nice and pretty much the only good thing about our dining experience) threw them all in the pot, gave them a quick stir, and Voila!, the worst fondue ever was born. It tasted like melted cheddar, and that's it! There was no complexity or richness at all. The bread cubes for dipping were stale, the mixed veggies just contained cauliflower and baby carrots. The Granny Smith apples were decent, but we finished the first course totally unimpressed (and already staring at our watches!). Next up were the salads. They may have been the worst salads we've ever had. The mushroom spinach salad was drenched in jaw-numbingly sweet dressing, and the Caesar salad dressing was sweet too (?!).  

At this point, the meat course arrived, and our server mixed up the "Coq Au Vin" broth (this was an $8 upgrade from the regular bouillon broth), dumping an entire carafe of burgundy wine into the fondue pot. After we began eating this course, my husband correctly pointed out that that was wine we could have drunk instead of sending to a flavorless fate in that pot, and I wholeheartedly agree. The meat was either really overseasoned or underseasoned - as an example, the sirloin cubes were coated in stale, dry herbs, but the chicken, which was supposed to have a vanilla essence, tasted just like dr y chicken. To be fair, the shrimp and lobster tail were decent, but I would have rather gone to Red Lobster and had a lifetime supply of shrimp and lobster tail for much less than we paid for this meal. The dipping sauces that came with this course were also confusing - there were like 8 of them, and except for the melted herb butter, they all tasted totally unappealing. The teriyaki glaze and sweet and sour were the worst - they reminded me of sauces that come on a Yoshinoya rice bowl. 

Whew, ok, so at this point, we were ready to just get the check and leave before dessert. I am glad that we decided to stick around, since the dessert was the only good part of the meal. We ordered the dark chocolate and Disaronno Amaretto fondue, and we really enjoyed the bananas, rice krispie treats, and strawberries coated with the perfectly melted sauce. The coated marshmellows were strange, though, and we left them on the plate. Based on the taste, quality, and value of this food, I wanted to give this place one star. The incredibly attentive service (don't kill the messenger or, in this case, the deliverer, right?) and dessert made me throw a star back on. If you have $150 to blow, you could have a great meal at Durant's or Elements (or a FEAST at tons of other places); why spend it on an over-hyped and flavorless Melting Pot dinner?
Ok
I hate doing this
I really wish I didn't love a chain fondue restaurant more than the independant fondue places in AZ...

But Melting Pot does fondue very well.  Better than the other fondue options.

I'm not a fan of their cheese

However, their Yin Yang chocolate fondue is SO FREAKING GOOD

So yeah.
Darn.  I love the Melting Pot.
Paul Fratella (General Manager of Melting Pot) knows the meaning of extraordinary customer care.  I took today off from work to take my daughter, who had always wanted try fondue, to Shabu Fondue (they are the closest to our home).  Their website said they were open as of 11 a.m. M-F.  My daughter was so disappointed when we arrived to see that they were closed.  My heart sank.  I called The Melting Pot in Ahwatukee & Paul stated they didn't open until 5 p.m.  We had to pick up my other daughter by 5:30 p.m.  We were so bummed that our special fondue day wasn't going to happen.  Paul sensed the disappointment in my voice and kindly offered to open his doors for us to enjoy lunch.  I was shocked.  My daughter looked as though we had won free tickets to Disneyland.  The rest of the experience just got better & better.  Paul, the General Manager, served us and made us feel special.  It was thrilling to see a big smile on my daughter's face.  Paul transformed our dismal day into a dynamic one.  The food was delicious (fresh, flavorful and filling) and the variety was incredible.  To top it off, they took a picture of us & framed it in a Melting Pot silver frame.  We were impressed and WILL be back!
I wish that I could give The Melting Pot more than 5 stars because they made our company holiday party stress free and absolutely perfect!!

I have put together a number of company parties and they are always stressful and something horrific normally goes on. Tracy (rest manager) made the entire process a breeze, from start to finish. She even let me taste test the wines we were serving. That was a fun afternoon ;-)

The food was amazing, as usual, and the service was outstanding. I would highly recommend the spinach artichoke cheese fondue and the yin and yang chocolate fondue! Amazing!!!!

I would highly recommend The Melting Pot to anyone looking to host a holiday party or really any type of party for that matter. It is also a really intimate and romantic place to take someone on a date.
WOW!  This place is kind of expensive, but it is good food, great atmosphere and just plain fun.  We went there for my g/f's bday and we had a blast.  The sauces that they give you when you start eating your meats and veggies are sooooo good.  The drinks were not that expensive from what I could tell...I paid $5 for a beer...which is not too bad.  So if you want to go somewhere for a special occasion, then you can't go wrong here.  Just remember to figure, it'll be about $100 per couple...
I love fondue.  I love sitting in the private booths with curtains.  I love the idea of dining in privacy.  The Melting Pot also has a nice program called "club fondue" that gives you coupons for a free dessert on your birthday/anniversary.  They have seasonal selections/specialities that can be exciting to try.  
But damn if that "I'm too cool for this job" waiter didn't let me down on the service.  It's standard etiquette to knock before opening the curtains and then shut them when leaving.  But the waiter wasn't really interested in doing either.  And then, I promise you, when it came time for the dessert, he didn't bother to stir/mix the ingredients for the chocolate fondue.  Can you actually forget to do that??
Still, I love the fondue.
The Melting Pot is a great place to eat for special occasions.  The food was really good and the dessert at the end was probably the best part of eating there.  
Now before you go you have to look at the menu (it's on their website) to see the prices and what you are getting into.  After you accept the prices sit back, relax, and have fun.  I went there with my wife for our anniversary and it was the perfect place to celebrate.  The atmosphere is very fun and different.  I would definitely anyone who is going for a special occasion to at the very least try it.  You would have a difficult time not having fun.  Anyone who is going here HAS to get the dessert.  If you miss the dessert then you missed the best part!

Tips:  Sign up for their "Club Fondue" on their website and you will receive a free dessert for 2 (I believe it's like $16 normally).  They also say they will send you free stuff for birthdays and anniversaries, but I haven't confirmed this.  Also the 3 and 4 course meals (for 2) are a LOT of food.  There was no way we could eat it all, so don't feel like you have to finish everything that comes out and whatever you do, save room for dessert!
In summary, great place once you get over the cost, ideal of special occasions, and get the dessert (I swear it's the last time I will say that :) ).
Ok, it is probably very rare that I will be handing out 5 stars that much because I'm just like that but this place really deserves it!!!!! Can I say heeelllllllloooooo heaven!!! I might have to say this is the first time I cleaned my plate (and pot). This place has just the right atmosphere for a good night out. The food was excellent and so was our waiter! I would be in trouble if they ever put one closer to me!!! Some people may say that their portions are too small but I have to differ, I never go home hungry and I never leave with that gut wrenching feeling of over eating!!!!
I would take out a second mortgage and eat here every night!!!!
After my first trip to the Melting Pot, I was in awe over the experience. We started out with a cheese appetizer (which I wasn't in love with), then went for 2 different appetizers, and then the amazing chocolate dessert. The entrees were delicious, but for the small amount of meat actually served, it is extremely overpriced. But, the atmosphere is actually worth the money. The whole restaurant is quiet, perfect for a night of conversation. 

And, back to the dessert. Melted chocolate fondue with all sorts of yummy treats to dip: fruits, cheesecake, marshmallows, brownies, etc, etc. Mmmmmm! Just the dessert, quiet atmosphere, and the bottle of wine had me sold on the evening. 

But, like all others have said, it is very pricey. It was about $140 for 2 of us; including a bottle of wine, an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert plate.
The food is good and it's a different experience. That experience wasn't worth the price, though.

Service was incredibly slow - 3 hours for 6 people and we didn't even do dessert. A "glass" of wine is about half of what would be considered a full glass anywhere else.  They add a gratuity of 20% to tables of 5 or more so I guess our server knew she was getting paid no matter what.

I can spend $80 a person and get much better service and food that I don't have to cook elsewhere.
Try the Love Martini. It is fantastic!

Three starts because it is super pricey. The waitress also thought I was strange because I asked her to not add the mushrooms to the fondue pot. Also, we had a bit of a disagreement when I said we did not have one in North Dakota. She insisted that we did, only to be proven wrong at desert.

Good place for a romantic date, but next time I am going to look for a small less chain like place to eat.
I like this location better than the one in Scottsdale, I think the staff is way friendlier. 

I don't really think it's worth eating actual dinner here, in my eyes it's only good for cheese and chocolate courses. 

BUT do be sure to sign up for their mailing list, I have gotten some AWESOME deals.
Pure Bliss - I haven't had a quality meal experience like this in a very very long time.  

The full 4 course dinner was stupendous and well worth every cent. 

You MUST try the Yin & Yang Martini!  It was  a very creative and well presented drink  that had me all smiles.  


I had the Smores & Chocolate desert and it was hands down my favorite (I've tried at least 5 others).
This is such a fun date restaurant. They have booths with curtains so you can...feed each other!!! They even knock before they open the curtains! Yes - it is expensive, but you are paying for the experience! 

I highly recommend the Caribbean cheese fondue - it was not an intuitive choice, but was very delicious. Strawberries in dark chocolate fondue is also wonderful. 

I went here for a girls night out once, and had a ton of fun. On that evening, we were not behind curtains, but in a long dining area with other ladies doing the same thing. 

One note - the cocktails are extremely sweet - so you may want to stick to wine.
I frankly don't get why people like this place....with exception of desert, - fruit, cake, dipped in chocolate - ok, I get it...its good and I would go back for that and that alone.

But for dinner...way overpriced, way overrated. Not family friendly at all. There are much better options out there in terms of value and quality.
I went to happy hour this evening with two girlfriends. This may be one of the best happy hours in Ahwatukee. $3 Beer, $5 Wine & $6 Cocktails  +  fondue and appetizer specials. We had the wisconson trio, a yummy blue cheese fontina concoction, which was served with  bread, apples and vegies.  For dessert,  we shared the dark chocolate fondue w/ extra strawberries. It was delish!  The only thing that would have made this better was if the bar was packed. We were the only peeps there.  I hope the happy hour word spreads because happy hour is best in large groups of happy people.
I've been here before and normally I think they're really overpriced.  I mean really.  Cheese and chocolate doesn't cost THAT much but they just started a happy hour I went to with Ada G. and another friend and for that their prices are great.  $4 fondue and $6 cocktails.  All of their cocktails are overly sweet and their house wines are on the cheap side, but you get what you pay for.  Nothing's bad, just not great.  The fondue on the other hand is great.  We coerced Ada G. into the dark chocolate and ordered it with extra strawberries.  Heavenly.  We joked we'd be back every Tuesday after we picked up our CSA veggies.  Maybe we weren't joking?
Hmm.. I am surprised at the amount of 2 stars with fellow reviewers. Seems sketchy to me.

Here is the deal with Good Fondue:

Not for a family. Yeah, its a romantic type place. Take a date. Or your wife for gods sake. (She likes to go out too!)

Expensive: Yes, in this day and age, good food can still be expensive. Its worth it people. The time it takes to eat an entire meal here is why it costs so much. You take up 2+ hours of their time for 2 to 4 people to eat. They just can't turn tables like your everyday meal type restaurant.

These meals are meant to be savored. Enjoyed with a good glass of wine, or beverage of your choice. Try to relax here. Enjoy the food, and company most importantly. 

The menu changes a bit from time to time to include a new set of dishes, guessing every 6-8 months. I miss the salad that had heart of palm in it! It was fantastic.

There is enough variety to actually satisfy 2 different peoples desires in most of their entrees.

Desert, as noted by most everyone on here, is to die for. I have not had one bad desert yet.

The quick and easy guide to The Melting Pot: Coq au Vin is the baseline cooking that most will love. Traditional Swiss cheese is where "IT" is at. Featured salad is usually a good bet. California salad is a good standby. 

Deserts: Try them ALL! Seriously...
My wife and I have been talking about returning here for quite some time, and finally decided to make good on it. I was a bit wary of the price because it's clearly one of the most expensive places around. I had a coupon from one of those infamous "Entertainment" books, but that didn't soften the blow much.

We made a reservation, which they "strongly recommend", but showed up 20 min early and they were happy to accommodate us. The place was nearly deserted at 4:45pm on a Saturday, although it was Labor Day weekend when people are out of town.

Our coupon was good for the "Big Feast" even though I had doubts about being able to stomach the dessert after eating cheese fondue, salad, and a main course. We got the Swiss cheese fondue, which was excellent. Next, the caprese salad, which is very light and refreshing after all that cheese (however, it contains even more cheese), and then the main source which is basically a bunch of raw meats on a platter that you cook with your choice of liquids. We went with the coq a vin or whatever it is, and the basic set of meats because we don't like lobster enough to pay extra for its inclusion. Everything seemed fresh and the sauces they provide are good. Nothing that really hits it out of the park, but good. For dessert, we had the chocolate with marshmallows, which was mainly in deference to my wife because I despise marshmallows.

At some point, the manager came around to ask if everything was okay. I always enjoy this interaction at restaurants, as it indicates the manager is actually interested in the quality of service and food. Everything was good, and we left full and happy. They could work on those sauces and make the main course something that really pops -- as it stands, it seems like the cheese and dessert fondues are more the highlights of the meal.
If I have to review the food alone, I will give it a one star.  The service is prompt and courteous so I'll give it an extra one star.

Let's start from the beginning.  We had a reservation and was seated promptly.  The waiter came and greeted us, gave us the menu and everything went well.

Appetizer: We started with the Alp & Dell Cheese Fondue which is a white wine and Gruyere, Raclette and Fontina Cheese Fondue. It tasted two dimensional, exactly garlicky and salty.  The raw cauliflower and carrot which I usually love to eat tasted bitter with the cheese.

Salad: We went with California Salad which is mixed salad greens with raspberry vinaigrette dressing.  The salad came very watery, very very sweet and it was swimming in the dressing. We could not even finish it off.

Main Course: This is the worse of all the courses. We picked the pacific rim cooked in coq au vin broth.  It came with Teriyaki Marinated Sirloin, Citrus Pork Tenderloin, Shrimp, Chicken, Pot sticker, Mushroom, and Veggies.  We deliberately chose coq au vin broth even though it cost more because we read here that it's worth it. Everything tasted bland and that citrus pork and teriyaki sirloin tasted very weird, sour and salty and not in a good way at all.  The chicken and the shrimp also tasted bland.  It really tasted like boiled chicken meat that's a bit salty. Their solution?  Dip it in our sauce: Teriyaki, Sweet and Sour and Yogurt based curry sauce.  The sauces tasted like cheap sauces you can find in a bottle in any grocery stores. It has no character, no complexities,  very very disappointing.  Oh yeah, this is what our waitress said,  just cook everything about 2 minutes or so, don't worry if you don't time it correctly, it's impossible to overcook anything here, just leave it on the pot and that's fine.  This is not just the cooking instruction for  our table.  We can hear that every table get the same cooking instructions from different waiter/waitress.  The problem is not overcooking for us, but it just tasted bland.

Dessert: We chose the Smore with Dark Chocolate Fondue.  This is the best part out of this horrible feast.  It comes with Strawberry, Graham Cracker, Marshmallow, Cheesecake, Pound Cake and Rice Crispies to dip it with. First, the strawberry was fresh, marshmallow was great, graham cracker was crunchy.  Now come the bad part, the part that they had to make: The rice crispies was kinda stale, the pound cake was crumbling like a week old cake, and the cheesecake was just meh.  We suddenly realized that the part that was good, they did not have to make( ie: the strawberry, the cracker and the marshmallow).  The part that they had to make tasted bad( ie: the crispies, cheesecake, pound cake).  

We do not mind splurging on our foods on special occasion.  We realize that it takes a lot of efforts to make special dishes.  This is seriously lacking in everything, cheap basic material for the food, horrible taste, and no cooking method involve at all by the kitchen.  Why are we paying that much again?  I don't mind paying $100 for a meal if it is cooked properly and tastes great.  It's not the price at all, it's just there is no value to this meal.
The melting pot is always a great place to go with a date, it is nice because the dinner is an experience, and the staff is in no hurry to get you moving so they can fit another table in. 

I have to knock down a star because they took away the quattro formaggio cheese (the reason I went to this place as often as I did). The spinach and artichoke is pretty good, and the desert is always amazing. I have always enjoyed every server we have had at the melting pot, they are so nice and really knowledgable on all of the food. It is a little pricey sure but well worth it if you need a comfort food fix.
For my first visit to The Melting Pot, I decided to go on my birthday with my husband, my parents and his parents.
We were sat in a back room all by ourselves. Literally we could have heard a pin drop. Normally, I would have LOVED this ... However it must have been a package deal: get your own room, get crappy service.
Granted, I didn't expect to be in and out of the place within an hour, but I also didn't expect it to take three and a half hours either! Our server was SO slow. We normally NEVER have a lack of dinner conversation, however we found ourselves twiddling our thumbs just waiting for our server several times.
The food, however, was delicious. But NOT worth the prices they charge.
Unfortunately, this was my first and last visit to The Melting Pot.
Valentine's Day 2010...time for a romantic dinner with my husband and since I'd never been to Melting Pot before, he thought it was the perfect day to go. 

The first thing I noticed when we were walking up was the balloon arch and red carpet (taped to the ground with red duct tape!). While I appreciated the effort, it came across cheesy (and cheap) for a restaurant that I presume to be higher class than the average. Once inside, we saw how incredibly dim the lights were. Almost like a cave! I love mood lighting, but it was way too dark to be romantic...it felt more like bed-time than sexy-time, lol.

Once we were seated our server introduced herself and was informative about the menu & how the meal would progress/cook/etc. Maybe she wasn't as friendly as we would have liked, but that wasn't a deal breaker. I've had chocolate fondue before, but have never experienced a full-course meal. We went with the swiss cheese starter. Great flavor, but the garlic over-powered the fondue. I did enjoy trying out the taste of the apples, grapes, and tiny pickles in it (along with the bread) though. Next, we chose salads...I went with the California while my husband had the Chef's. My salad was so flavorful and tasty! I really liked the sweet and vinegar combination. Hubby said his salad was "ok". 

Following the salads, we selected the meat entree over the seafood. Our cooking style was the boullion broth. It came with chicken, two types of beef, shrimp, and ravioli. With the exception of one of the beef choices, they were all delicious. They even came with several sauce and veggie options. For dessert, we decided on the basic milk chocolate fondue. The strawberries, pineapple, brownie bites, cheesecake bites, and pirouettes were a perfect way to end the meal, although the two marshmellow choices were too sugary to enjoy. Even though all the portion sizes were small, we were so stuffed that we couldn't finish our meat and dessert courses.

We really appreciated our server offering sparkling apple cider for our complimentary V-Day toast instead of champagne. 

When the check came, it was over $200 and we were surprised to see an automatic 18% gratuity added on (and then there was a space for an additional tip too). My husband has always been an awesome tipper, so that was a sour note in an otherwise sweet dinner. A cute touch to the holiday was that an employee came by during dinner, took our picture, and put it in a frame and then we picked it up on the way out. 

Overall, it was a romantic and delightful meal, but if we ever go back again it will only be for a special once a year dinner or just for dessert.
We went for happy hour yesterday after reading some reviews.  With only 15 seats for happy hour, we thought we'd have to get there early, but NO ONE WAS THERE.  The bar tender said it RARELY fills up!  Shocker!  With good drink deals ($5 martinis, $6 wines, and good beer deals) as well as $4 fondue for cheese or chocolate, this really is a great first date place.  yes, the date would have to be early, but you could easily catch a movie afterward
We stopped in for dessert only.  We arrived right at 4:00pm, opening, and were greeted with a very friendly smile and seated quickly.  Jeremy was our server and he was great! 

We had the Chocolate Turtle Flambe.  Of course the kids loved the fondue forks and were amazed at the chocolate on fire!  Then all the fantastic tastes on the dessert plate, strawberries, cheesecake, marshmallows, bananas, pound cake and brownies.  They didn't stand a chance!  Jeremy brought us out extra bananas, pound cake and marshmallows.

We had a great time and will return for a full meal, or just dessert again.
I don't "do" girls night out.  But for The Melting Pot, I "did do" girl's night out.  I went with three girls that I cheered with back in high school.  I mean waaaayyyyy back in high school.  How far back?  No business of yours, sir!  Anyhow, after reconnecting after ...let's call it "many" years... the four of us went to TMP for 'couples night'.  We feigned lesbian love in order to fit into a great special, and I'm not afraid to admit it!  No, really, they didn't seem to care, as long as we were in groups of two.  
If you read nothing else, read this:  Plan on three + hours here.  Savor.  Enjoy.  Linger.  It takes that long... it just DOES.  Do not tell your spouse (or babysitter or cat or whomever you answer to) that you'll be home in two hours.  Ahem.
Onward!
Best highlight of the night for me: the Search and Rescue Spoon!!!!!  This struck my funny bone so hard and it was the topic of many jokes and pictures throughout the night.
If you are looking for a place to take kids, do the rest of us a favor:  DON'T COME HERE.  Go someplace where the food is served in nugget form, and removal of shoes is appropriate. We don't want to hear your kids whine or your baby scream.  I have kids but there's a time and a place, people.  The rest of us come to places like this just to get away from you.  
Moving on!
I could wax fond for hours giving loving descriptions of the food here, I really could.  It was both unique AND delicious.  The experience of it is incredibly fun, the atmosphere feels SO intimate somehow (no awkward eye contact with anyone who isn't at your table) and everything about it just amazing.  There was an "appetizer" course, a "main" course, and a "dessert" course.  You can choose to dip or cook your food in any kind of cheese or broth... but let's be honest, it's all foreplay leading up to to what really matters there:  the dessert course.  
We chose the "S'mores" dessert experience.  I'm not being pretentious... it really is an *experience*.  Just think:a giant pot of melted chocolate, swirled with marshmallow cream, which gets some sort of flammable (I'm assuming liquor) poured on top and set on fire, which toasts the marshmallow creme, and THEN they add the crushed graham crackers.... and after THAT we got to dip things like cheesecake, rice krispy treats, poundcake, strawberries, and brownies in the hot melty S'morey goodness... let me just say that I briefly experienced Nirvana.
Yes, yes, I hear people say it's expensive, and I guess that is relative.  If you've stayed at the Aria, or in a suite at Mandalay Bay, or anywhere decent in Vegas for a week and paid $40 for a drink poolside, then comparatively/relatively....  it was downright cheap.  
(If you get all indignant over anything that doesn't come from the dollar menu at McDonalds, then don't go to Vegas and don't go to The Melting Pot.  Seriously, just stay at home and crab about inflation and watch some public television, you'll be happier.)    As for me, the whole point of working is to earn money that then enables me to go places and eat things and buy stuff for my family.  This falls in the category of "going to a Place" and "eating Things" so I was happy.
Once we split up the dinner bill, I felt that my portion (including the completely  optional dessert course and one adult beverage- so if you must be a tightwad you could do it for less than I did) of only $40 was downright freaking CHEAP, worth every last cent and then some... and I can't wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Look, I had a gift card for $10 and no reason to go to The Melting Pot. So already this wasn't going to be the best experience ever.

The two stars I'm giving were for the first time I called to see if they would just do a ceaser salad w/chicken to go. I called around 2, not knowing this was a dinner only restaurant, but the lady I spoke to said she could prepare the salad for me, just not the chicken because the cooks weren't even in yet. She was very nice and I appreciated her willingness to accommodate me HOURS before they even open. But I decided to skip it, not wantging her to go to the trouble when they were closed. On her own, this lady was 4-5 stars,  and I wished I would've just had her make the salad. 

Ok. Skip ahead a week. Now I'm sick and call about 8 at night to see if I can pick up the salad on my way home from work. I'm told they don't do to go orders. I tell the girl I spoke with someone last week and she said no problem, so this girl puts me on hold to speak w/ a manager. She comes back and says yes to the salad, no to the chicken because they have no way to cook it. So, within 1 week, a restaurant has lost the ability to cook a chicken breast. Really? .... so I ask for a cup of hot tea, since I'm sick. She says "I promise you, there is no way I can give a to go drink". Oh, but I can take a teabag if I really need it.

I tell her to forget the whole thing. Way too difficult of a conversation, especially when 1)I'm ill and 2) a week earlier it was no problem. So now I have a giftcard, no salad, and a bad taste in my mouth from the experience
Fall in love with fondue at the Melting Pot! The cheese fondue and the dessert fondue are my favorites, but the entrees aren't shabby either! Come hungry and expect to stay several hours. The only reason I gave 4/5 stars is for the price. We are teachers and about go broke dining here, but once in awhile we need to give ourselves a treat and splurge! Atmosphere is great for special occasions.  
Cheese fondue favorite = Swiss
Dessert fondue favorite = yin/yang (while & dark chocolate)
This is a great place to take your time and enjoy someones company.
The food is fresh and the service always friendly.
If you are looking to be fed fast this is not the place to go.
Fondue is fun!
If you have the time and the money this is a place to have a great evening.
My boyfriend and I like to come here now just for the dessert.  He's not into paying to cook his own food so the allure of the meal packages doesn't work on him.  But, dessert we will both do, and the Melting Pot is one of our favorite places to do so.

I love the variety that you get with the dessert fondue: cheesecake, pound cake, brownies, cream puffs, strawberries, bananas, multiple types of marshmallows, and pineapples are all cut up into mini pieces perfect for feeding each other behind the closed curtain.  We always choose the turtle (chocolate and caramel with pecan nuts), and request the dark chocolate instead of the milk chocolate for those extra antioxidants.  

We recently came to the one on Ray Rd for our Anniversary on New Year's and I was especially pleased with the service.  The waiter not only recommended the correct size we would need for the two of us without trying to upsell us and leave us with way too many leftovers, but he also brought us extra pieces of our favorite "bites" when we had finished to make sure we were happy and the extra chocolate didn't go to waste. 

I really appreciated the great service and the great food, and for that I say Thank You Melting Pot!
Visited for the first time last night and it was delicious.  Service was a little slow, but the server was very friendly and knowledgeable. We had the Big Night Out Fondue Fusion, and the Snickers chocolate fondue. We left very full and quite happy.
Awful ... This was a terrible experience. The meat was old looking - slimy and grey and the broth or whatever they call it that we were supposed to cook the meat in looked like dirty sea foam and tasted worse. Not to mention the fact that we were left to sit in front of this boiling pot of yuck for more than 20 minutes before I finally went to find our waitress to ask where our food was.... Anyway maybe they were having an off night but both my daughter and I were beyond disappointed. I will never go back.
This is one of my favorite splurge restaurants, but this review is for their Happy Hour. 
I never think of Melting Pot for great Happy Hour deals, but I will now. 
They offer $5 cheese and chocolate fondues as well as great drink and salad specials. The atmosphere in the bar is romantic and quiet. We were the only people in the bar for our entire visit. 
The bartender was great and made adjustments to the cheese like we requested without a problem. 
I think the hh hours are 4-6pm, but don't quote me on that. 
If you are looking for a different happy hour vibe check out the Melting Pot.
I would defintley come back for the desert but the rest of the meal was so-so and definitely overpriced.
Worst! Service is good, "food scraps" are too expensive and tasteless.  They also use a bait and switch method in their pricing.  Spend your $100 elsewhere!
This is the second time I've been to a Melting Pot restaurant (the first was in Scottsdale, AZ), and this experience was just as wonderful as the first.

I love the idea of this restaurant - it's definitely not just a meal, it's a dining experience.  It's my favorite place to go for "date night".  It gives me a good excuse to get dressed up!  Here are a few tips: first of all, you should make reservations in advance, and be sure to request one of the private booths.  They have a little curtain that closes and makes your table really intimate and romantic!  Secondly, do not eat much for lunch - the meals are very filling!  Third, you need to plan on AT LEAST two hours for your meal.  There are usually four courses, and each one takes a while to prepare and eat.  

The food is always delicious - each course comes with a wide variety of "dippers", and you get a choice of the types of cheese, chocolate, etc. so that every time you go, it can be a new experience.  I also highly recommend the drinks - the "Yin/Yang Chocolate Martini" is to die for!  

This is by far my favorite romantic restaurant.  The only problem is that it is pretty expensive.  Luckily, last week was Arizona Restaurant Week, so the meals were only $30 per person!  (Still pretty expensive, but we went for our 2 year anniversary, so we splurged a bit.)  I would like to look into their Happy Hour specials sometime, since I've heard good things about them. 

Overall, if you're looking for a relaxing, romantic, unique dining experience, you can't beat The Melting Pot!
THE WORLD MUST KNOW ABOUT SHELLEY!

As a going away dinner (I'm moving back to the Northwest), a few friends and I went to The Melting Pot. It happened to also be AZ Restaurant week so the usually expensive food was more reasonable. Our first course was a cheese fondue with breads and veggies, our second course was the usual broth to cook meat in, and the third course was a dessert fondue.

To start things off, while waiting for a table, the manager manning the register noticed I was checking into Yelp and Foursquare from my phone, and she told me about the QR code they had for a free chocolate fondue for two. I quickly scanned the code, filled the little form out, and was rewarded with extra dessert. Awesome.

We met our waitress, we were told she is the best in the world. Her name is Shelley.  To start off with, we were under constant attention as we got situated, got our water, were walked through the menu and how everything works. Shelley seemed like a normal waitress as she brought out our appetizer fondue (the spinach artichoke, delicious). We were able to make small talk. She was approachable. 

Dinner progressed, and she was always there to help us out, and she would laugh with us at our dumb jokes. Pretty normal stuff.

Dessert came around, and both Shelley and the manager were at our table helping us with our dessert decision. As part of AZ Restaurant week, we got 4 dessert portions, the QR promo added another 2. They warned us that 6 portions would be far too many. Without any hesitation, they allowed us to use the QR promo as a coupon instead, which took $16 off our check. They also still allowed us to have two separate 2 serving chocolate fondues (different flavors). It is so nice when a restaurant and its employees work with their customers and don't have some sort of rulebook that they need to stick to.

Everything is great so far, but it only gets better.

Along with our first dessert fondue (the flaming turtle), she brought back a dessert for me that isn't even on the menu. We had talked about it earlier, and she made it specifically for me just because we talked about it. No extra charge. Now I know this won't happen to everyone who goes to The Melting Pot, but the fact that it happened at all speaks greatly to the restaurant. A waitress was able to make a customer a custom dessert? That's fantastic. So Shelley is already getting a huge tip.

We proceed through the flaming turtle and into the second dessert fondue, which was described as a chocolate covered pretzel. It was delicious. Now we get the bill, which we planned on splitting. After drinks, and lobster tails, and such, the bill became a little more complicated than just splitting the bill four ways. 

I was doing math on the bill when I noticed that the coupon wasn't applied so the bill was 16+tax+gratuity higher than it should have been. I told her about it, she apologized, took the bill and rung up a new and accurate one. Embarrassingly, since it seemed so ridiculous, I asked for the old bill back because it had my math on it. She left the table, and came back a few minutes later with the old bill, now wrinkled. She said, "I'm sorry, I threw it away, but I found it in the trash!" SHE WENT THROUGH THE TRASH FOR MY OLD BILL JUST TO SAVE MY FIRST GRADE ADDITION WORK. Who does this? Superstar waitresses only.

At this point, I'm imagining Shelley as some sort of action movie hero. When she leaves our table, she straps on the jetpack to fly to the nearby store just to pick up the ingredients she needs to make my custom dessert, and she's back in time to replace my plate that I accidentally put raw meat on. Then she is off again, wading her way through trash to look for my coveted scratch marks on a bill that truly was garbage. 

If you ever go to this place, request the action movie hero Shelley as your waitress. 

Food: 5/5
Service: 5/5
I really do not get all of the hype.  The overall meal was okay.  Smalll portion and very pricey.  The dessert was pretty good but not worth the overall cost of the bill.  My recommendation is to go for dessert only.
The hubby took me here for a date night. The ambiance is great, and it is fun to watch your food cook and coordinate the various meal options with your date. That being said the food is just okay for me. My husband always says it is about the experience and I would tend to agree with him. 

Next time I think we will just experience the s'mores fondue and skip the rest. Much easier on the pocketbook that way. 

I do recommend joining Club Fondue as about three times a year we get free chocolate fondue for two which is probably the best part.
The food is great as usual. And the service there never disappoints. Jeremy was awesome. 

Fondue Feast. Lager and Cheddar Cheese fondue. The meats had the advertising Latin spin for the current Big Night Out. The dessert was dark chocolate with sea salt. All was A-OK.

The table next to us was inhabited by two of the most annoying groups of diners I've ever experienced. When we arrived, the meal was winding down for a mother, her 13-ish old daughter, and that daughter's friend. If they hadn't been so young, I would have sworn the girls were drunk off their respective asses. They kept screaming across the restaurant for the waiter, thinking they were going to hook him up with their cougar mom. I'm thinking that probably wasn't an option, as I'm pretty sure the waiter didn't play for that team. But hearing yells of  "WE NEED MORE NAPKINS JEREMY" was enough to make want to throw hot bouillon over the wall onto their skank little heads.

We had about 15 minutes of quiet after they left, until this weird older couple was seated at the same table. The woman had a ghastly hat that looked like she had shopped at Savers for a hat to wear to the Churchill Downs. It was white with lots of lace and feathers and crap. And she left it on the entire meal. They went on an on with the waiter about how it was their 24th anniversary, we got to hear about restaurants that the husband was "forbidden to go to" because of his flatulence, we were subjected to them listening to Jack Johnson on their phone, and had to hear their incessant nincompoopery while we finished our dessert.

Love the Melting Pot, but maybe will go to one in a different area of town next time.
Went last night to celebrate my birthday with 6 other friends and family. First of all, I want to apologize to the other patrons that were sitting near us because after 4 of their WONDERFUL chocolate martinis I probably was pretty loud too.I wasn't wearing a hat though. The food was wonderful as always especially since we started with the dessert and went from there. Jeremy also was our server and he couldn't have been more adorable.After  I got my birthday hug I personally don't think he plays on any other team then the girls.:)) The staff made the whole experience even more enjoyable for me. thank you. thank you thank you to the whole Melting Pot crew
My boyfriend brought me here for our second year anniversary and it was really amazing! We had a nice private seating area and the service was very polite and educated us on all the foods and how to pair things together over all a very lovely and romantic evening! They even brought us chocolate covered strawberries and wrote happy anniversary on the plate in chocolate. Would recommend for a special evening out (Would also recommend reservations)
This trip to the Melting Pot was an adventure into the unknown. Went with my bf, and a friend, for a bday celebration. None of us had ever been to the MP, or any fondue place for that matter. We weren't sure what to expect. It was a Friday night, didn't look too busy, but we still had to wait 30 minutes longer than our reservation for a table.  We chose a four-course meal, and it's amazing how small bites could be so rich and filling. I only took away one star for having to wait for half an hour for our reservation. Otherwise, good food and fun experience to go with friends.
Loved this date, the food was pretty much what I anticipated as a fondue fan. I was floored however by their extensive dessert menu, where the flaming turtle using dark chocolate was the highlight of the meal. It will be in the potential date night rotation in the future.
Great food, great service!
Normally I would give Melting Pot a 5 star but our dinner tonight was just okay.  Our server was slower then normal.  We know to plan a couple of hours for dining at the Melting Pot...and that is one of the reasons we love it but 3 hours was a bit long. 

I could even live with the three hours but what really got me in the end was the dessert...which if you read the reviews is what they are known for.  After much debate we ordered the Turtle fondue.  After placing the chocolate/caramel  mixture on our table I asked about the pecans...which I was then informed by the server...oh we're out of pecans!  REALLY...that would have been good information when we ordered the Turtle fondue.  Then she charged us $2.00 extra for another cheesecake.  Maybe you should have went ahead and gave us the extra cheesecake since you were out of pecans for our TURTLE chocolate fondue. 

It wasn't our first rodeo at this establishment.  We go every year for our anniversary...I think next year we will find a new spot.
As a member of Club Fondue, I took advantage of their free cheese fondue offer they were running this week. Score! The location that I usually go to in Scottsdale was booked, so I made a reservation for the Phoenix location. I arrived a few minutes before my reservation and the hostess let me know that the table wouldn't quite be available at 7:30, which was fine because my date was running super late. She offered me a seat at the bar but I just hung out and was seated not too long after arriving. 

The decor of the place is different from the Scottsdale local. A bit more Southwestern and warm in my opinion. I was seated at the booth for about 10 minutes, still waiting for my date, but our server Cory came by and got my drink order and dropped off the menus. Once my date arrived, we decided to get the Big Night Out cheese fondue, which was REALLY good. We skipped over the other courses and got the Big Night Out chocolate fondue, which was dark and milk chocolate, peanut butter, and berries. It was really good. 

TMP is definitely a special-occasion place in my opinion, unless I'm taking advantage of one of their special offers they have every once in awhile. And it makes an impressive dessert date
Overpriced and overhyped food. Last time turned around at the door due to the smell and waiting line.....
Feeling generous with the one star today. Food was good but service was lacking. I don't believe that you should have to wait 30-40minutes for water to arrive at your table or watch your appetizer pot steam for that long either.  The bad service outweighed the food this time. Disappointed. Seems like the Melting Pot should read some of these reviews to make improvements.
Food was pretty good.  Server was friendly, but we had a difficult time understanding his accent.  Normally OK, but unfortunate here since there is more waiter-interaction than normal.

The dcor in this place was a bit dilapidated.  When we arrived, we weren't sure if we were at the right door because there was no sign, and the main entrance looked like the paint was fading (so we thought it might have been a service entrance).  Inside, there were dark booths with the wood stain on the walls coming off probably from the steam that the fondue pots produce.  The black napkins had some white lint on them.  

The waiter recommended a "garlic and wine" seasoning be sprinkled on the wedge salad.  It was in a large plastic style spice bottle like you would find at the grocery store.  Not classy at all, and it didn't taste very good either (luckily I just sprinkled a little into my hand and onto a small part of the salad because it came out pretty fast).

For the price ($170 after tip and 2-3 drinks each) we expected better service and a more pristine environment.
I was not a believer, but one of my friends said I would not be disappointed so I gave it a shot  Happy Hour in the bar is $5 a person per section ($5 cheese, $5 chocolate, $4, salad, and drink specials as well).  I was super surprised, it was all really good of course, and I was FULL!!!  Also, you can have more bread and dessert for free if you have and of your cheesy or chocolatey goodness left!  Took a lot of time, I think we were there for like 2 hours but I would do it again.
It was pretty good. Quality of the meat could have been better
Went for my friends birthday. You really can't go wrong with Melting Pot. This one stands apart for its service. We had a fantastic time and every single person wished her a happy birthday. It was very sweet. Our water glasses were never below half, and our "dippers" came out with perfect timing. They also made three special plates for us since we had some food allergies in our group. I really think you should try this one just based on service alone. We had Lisa, and she was adorably sweet.
I wasnt thrilled with the taste of the food compared to how pricy it is. I would have enjoyed a juicy steak somewhere else. However i do like the romance of fondue
Unfortunately I have to downgrade my rating of this restaurant after today's events.

I'll preface this review with the recognition that The Melting Pot recommends reservations. However, of the many many times we've visited this location, we've never had a problem getting right in without a reservation owing to the fact that we go at off-times. So we have a long history of going without a reservation, and have always been seated--maybe with a 30 min wait at most, but usually right away.

My wife and I walked in at 4:00pm on Sunday (our 12th wedding anniversary) and the parking lot was nearly empty. The hostess gave us the usual "Can I help you?" which I have always found odd, as if there is some other reason I would be there than to eat. We said we didn't have a reservation and she immediately told us we couldn't be accommodated. Apparently they had sold a "living social" and thus the restaurant was just impossibly booked.

This was (almost) comical because the place was deader than disco--not even a single human voice could be heard. I happen to know what Living Social is, but what if I didn't? Why is that my concern, and why is that being given as a reason for not seating me? Not "we're all booked up", which I can understand, but apparently they were saving empty tables in case people decide to come in and redeem their Living Social coupons. Shame on me, I guess, for not getting a coupon.

To be clear, I have absolutely no problem with being turned away at a restaurant that recommends reservations. That's my fault for ignoring the recommendation. I do have a problem with being turned away at a half-empty restaurant because they did a Living Social deal and thus they can't accommodate me just in case these hypothetical coupon-holders come in the door. If that's how you want to run your business, fine, but don't make it the customer's problem.

I've spent thousands here and won't be going back ever again. So, I hope your "Living Social" was worth screwing over your long-term customers.
This is a great restaurant for special occasions.  Most recently I went for an anniversary, and the booth with a curtain was very romantic.  We decided to just get salads, and the cheese and dessert courses because those are the best parts!  It's also plenty of food without the meat course.  

I love the experience of fondue as well as the variety of flavors.  We paired our meal with a good wine and spent an hour and a half just enjoying ourselves.  

Good atmosphere, great food, friendly service... it's not cheap, but (again, for special occasions) the value is worth it.
I hadnt been there in years, and it was all I remembered.  I went with a coupon that I go purchased on the Living social website.  Champagne toast, appertizer, salad and all you can eat entree.  They also do a complimentary photo for you.  Very quaint and romantic.  But the food was fantastic.  We had the cheese fondue that was just delicous.  The meat course was also wonderful.  But the thing that really made our experience great, was waiter.  He was great, and funny and he was there when you needed him.

But I do not suggest turning up there without a reservation.  You can make reservations online, very quick and easy and you get a confirmation.
My boyfrind and I attended here this past weekend on Serptember 8,2012 to celebrate our one year anniversary. Every employee went out o their way to tell us Happy Anniversary. We were seated quickly after entering the restaraunt. Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly and very professional. We were given our own privacy to celebrate intimately. The food was amazing and we both enjoyed our selves so much!! Thank you Meling Pot. We are going to make you our annual celebration spot!!!
Great happy hour specials! They also do a special during the summer when the temp hits a certain point they give free chocolate or cheese fondue to they're facebook fans.
My husband and I went to the Ahwatukee establishment using the Living Social voucher. This was our very first visit and it may be our last. Let's just say for the actual price of the food that this restaurant isn't worthy of a revisit. 

Our waitress was nice but she wasn't attentive and she was quite sloppy. For instance, when taking our menu's away, instead of walking away with them she just places it on the wall divider between us and the adjacent booth. The menus were just lying around there the entire time, never picked up just flopping over into the other booth!!! Our waitress NEVER rounded, we kept on looking for her and another waitress from the table across from us ended up refilling our waters because she was taking forever when rounding. We noticed the waitress across from us was very good to their party, constantly rounding and making sure everybody had their refills and checking in on the food and if they wanted more entrees. Although our entrees were bottomless, we only received two platters because again our waitress took FOREVER to return to our table. By the time we received the second plate of meats our fondue practically ran out of steam and juice!! She also forgot about our champagne, gave us the check and walked away. We had to yet again ask for her because she took 10 hours long, then when she finally came back we explained we didn't receive our champagne and she was just like, "oh ya, i'll be back," didn't even apologized, was all nonchalant about it and we were like "really???" The service, at least from our waitress was ridiculous, we wished we had the other one sitting across from us who refilled our drinks, then maybe our experience would have been better.

Lastly, the decor!!!! Seriously for such a "high end" establishment, this place could use lots of remodeling... the decor is very 1990's and needs a make-up STAT!

We will give em props on the food, because it was DELICIOUS!! The salad wasn't a big deal, but the appetizers were AMAZING, same with the entrees, the meats were tender and succulent!! But alas, the lack of customer service from our waitress killed it for us, unfortunately.... :/

We wanted to love this place, but uh, we won't be coming back.
My quick summary:  Perfect for splurging on a romantic evening.

My fiance took me here last night for an overdue romantic evening together.  I had never been to The Melting Pot before because I didn't understand paying so much to cook most of your own food.  But if my sweetie is paying...  Well sure, why not?  :P

I was immediately impressed.  The hostess seated us immediately, took a complimentary picture for us and our waitress arrived to take our drink orders right away.  Their blackberry sage lemonade may just be my new favorite drink.  My fiance had a margarita, the waitress recommended it because she was also this evening's bartender and makes a mean Margarita. Well, she was right.  And our service was never lacking.  Quite a feat to bar tend and serve us all at the same time.  She also knew what changes had to be made to all the courses we ordered for my gluten free dietary needs, they're very well trained there.

The tables are small, intimate, and closed in by a curtain.  There is a small burner at the back of the table for the fondue pots to be heated up on.  The booths were quite comfortable.  And the low lighting certainly creates a romantic feeling.

The first course was a gluten free beer and cheese fondue with scallions on top.  They brought us bowls on fresh veggies (broccoli, cauliflower and carrots) and bowls of crisp Granny Smith apple slices.  I'd never eaten fondue and had no idea what to expect.  But the flavors were amazing.  It was creamy, cheesy goodness that was paired very well with the vegetable and fruit flavors.

The second course was a Wisconsin wedge salad.  This course was OK, but not my favorite.  It wasn't bad, but it's really just a partial head of iceberg, ranch, bacon and a flavorful cheese on the side.  This is just my prejudice.  I don't like only iceberg in salads.  It's bland and holds almost no nutritional value.

Our third course was the main meat course.  We got extra shrimp (had to substitute out some pasta), pork tenderloin, buffalo chicken, slices of beef, and more veggies.  They bring you sectioned plates for all the dipping sauces, a plum based one that's like a sweet & sour, a yogurt curry one, a creamy cheese one good with Buffalo chicken, and a creamy veggie dip.  They told us exactly how long to cook each meat so it gets cooked perfectly.  It was all seasoned perfectly with a small amount of heat.  Everything was quite flavorful.

Our dessert course was the S'mores chocolate & marshmallows, minus the graham cracker crumbles.  They were even kind enough to bring my fiance a small plate of rice crispy treats because those aren't certified gluten free, but he loves them.  And we shared a plate of large strawberry slices, pineapple, marshmallows, and banana slices.  One word: divine.  The chocolate was rich, creamy, and addicting, with a hint of marshmallow.  Their dessert is the perfect end to a romantic meal.

I've heard a lot of people complain about the price, but I think it is really a fair deal.  Now, hear me out before you throw rotten produce at me.  A full meal here takes at least an hour and a half, probably more like 2 hours, or more depending on this size of your party.  It does not have the quick turnover the vast majority of restaurants have.  And it's really about paying for the experience.  It's fun, romantic, and if you've never had fondue, a learning experience.

I think this will easily become my go-to romantic date night location...  However few and far between they may be.
My boyfriend and I came for our one year anniversary and boy was I surprised! I've always wanted to come to the Melting Pot but I never had a reason to spend so much money on Fondue!

When we got to the restaurant we were quickly seated in this secluded booth that was tucked away in the wall, then they closed a curtain in front of our booth and it was completely private! I thought that was so much fun!

Our servers name was Dan and he was great, very attentive and he walked us through the menu, (which was a little overwhelming), and made helpful suggestions.

We ended up doing the four course meal which came to like $90 dollars and it was SO GOOD. We started with what Dan suggested, the Spinach and Artichoke cheese dip which was served with granny smith apples, various breads and veggies. Dan made it right at our table which was great too!  When we took our first bite we were both immediately "wowed".  Then after that we both got our own house salad, the house dressing was great. When our main course came we chose our broth to cook our meat in and the meat we got was lobster tail, shrimp, pork, buffalo chicken, mushrooms in noodles (dumpling like) and beef. They were served with various sauces which I liked. Then last but not least, desert! YUM!! We decided on Bananas Foster and omg so great! The pound cake and brownies it came with was so good. I may have to come back just to get some more desert at some point! lol. 

We ended up spending close to 2 hours here and it was really a wonderful romantic night! I loved the atmosphere and how our server cooked our food right in front of us. I look forward to coming back here in the future!
Great meal great service. Wife and I came here tonight for our anniversary and had a great experience. Even the music was perfect.
This restaurant is okay. The food is good, but not fabulous. And it's very expensive for only a so-so dining experience. I went there once, that was enough.
We've been trying to use our Living Social deal to this place for a couple months now... we finally had the chance on Saturday night.  My take on Melting Pot has always been that the cheese and the dessert are awesome - but that I could pretty much do without the meat course in the middle.

So we started with the spinach artichoke cheese fondue, which was really really good.  The wedge salad with bacon and peppercorn ranch, also good.  Then we got to the meat course.  Without turning this into a novel, we discovered that one of the shrimp that had been cooking in our broth fhad not been de-turded.  That's right, it had been cooking with the rest of our meat, in poo-broth.  

So, there goes the appetite, and after bringing it up to the waiter - and his discussing it with the manager - they were "gracious" enough to take a $5 beer off our tab.

I'm sorry, but serving poop to customers, should pretty much be a no-no.  Especially at those prices.  I kept thinking of the line from one of my favorite movies, The Jerk, "You would think, at these prices, you could keep the POOP off the food!".

I digress... suffice it to say, we won't be going back to The Melting Pot.
Seven of us took my daughter there for her birthday. The service was incredibly slow. Over three hours for food we cooked at the table!  The food quality seemed ok but the bill was over $500 and only two alcoholic drinks were served. When we left my 28 year old son wanted to stop and grab a burger. He is not overweight in the slightest and there was not enough food for him. After talking to the remaining guests everyone felt that way. I'll never be back. I'd rather spend $700 at a better restaurant.
We went here tonight for our anniversary.  This is our second visit to this location, and it has been a wonderful experience both times. 

I have always been impressed with the friendliness of the staff and their professional manner.  We have always come with coupons because it's the only way we can afford to go, and even though they are a high-end place, they have never looked down on us for that or treated us poorly.  We still feel like we're getting the best experience.  I wish I could remember our server's name, because she was wonderful.  

The food, of course, was delicious.  We had the spinach artichoke cheese and endless entrees. Our server recommended the Mojo broth, and it was awesome!  Flavorful, tangy, and a little bit of spice. It went well with everything.  I don't think I tried anything I didn't like.  

If you have never been here before, one thing to keep in mind is that it's a very intimate dining experience.  I recommend it for families and serious couples. You'll be eating close together since you're sharing a fondue pot, and this also means you're all putting your skewers in the same pot, so don't go there with anyone you wouldn't feel comfortable doing this with!  And also, it's expensive, so I wouldn't recommend it for a first date. 

I think this is a lovely place for special occasions, and I look forward to future celebrations there.
I'm not sure how I was so mistaken about how great a restaurant was, when the premise is you boil the main course of meat to eat it. Mmmmm, delicious boiled meat has been said by no one, ever. 

We used to love the Melting Pot in NC before moving here. Going to this restaurant was an event and you knew you would be dropping some serious $$$ to eat there.  When I saw the Living Social deal for $45 for $75 it seemed like a no brainer and a fun evening out. Boy was I wrong. 

To me, $45 for $75 says they are going to give me a $75 credit for the tab of whatever I order. For a tab that can be close to $200, this seemed like a deal so I bought it. I was surprised when we arrived and was given a "Prefixed Living Social" menu instead of a credit on whatever we would like. This, I also noticed, came with smaller portion sizes than what the regular menu came with. So they limit what I can order, but expect me to tip on whatever the full amount would have been without a credit?  We upgraded some of our choices knowing it would be more expensive, but it still didn't make for an enjoyable evening.

The locations in NC are set up so no booth is right across from another booth, they are kind of staggered for privacy, here felt like we were eating at TGI Fridays. The couple that was set directly across from us had requested a more private table that could not be accommodated and they made a scene. Uncomfortable, to say the least and not the date night I had in mind.

You better be a fan of garlic to eat here, because aside from the dessert, it's in every choice of every course and something about a plate of raw meat and seafood being set down in front of you, with instructions of how long to let it "cook" as in- if it walks boil two minutes, if it swims boil a minute and  1/2, is less than appetizing. 

Our total bill came to $180 (before the $75 credit or tip) and we left disappointed, vowing to never return. Our Living Social Deal also listed we would be given a complimentary champagne toast, which we were not even offered.  I get that we purchased a "coupon" but shouldn't be limited to a certain menu or treated any differently from other patrons in the restaurant.  

This place was not worth the 3 hours we spent there, "deal" or not.
So, I came here with a voucher for a 3-course meal for 2 plus a champagne toast which was a good deal, but about all I'd pay for the food we got. If you don't have the living social voucher, I'd spend your money elsewhere.

The quality of the food is just OK. Besides the meat, which was delicious, but served in very small portions, it was substandard, especially for the price. (our total would have been over $100 if we didn't have that voucher).

It might just be because I'm allergic to wheat, shrimp and apples, but I couldn't eat half the things they brought us.

Also, when our main course came out, with raw meat just sitting there, our waiter said he'd be right back with the cooking times ... he brought them crudely scribbled on what looked like a used napkin which I thought was kind of unprofessional of the restaurant.

Finally, at the end of our meal, the manager came over and asked if we wanted to donate $10 to St. Jude's children's hospital and we'd get a $20 gift card. I thought, heck why not? It's basically getting $10 for free. So, I did the donation..... but when I received the card, I realized it wasn't a gift card at all - it was a $20 off coupon for spending $50 next time at The Melting Pot. I definitely felt  misled.

Overall, subpar. 3 stars is pretty generous ... I'll give it to them for ambience and because my boyfriend loved it.
Came here with my sister and brother in law for New Year's Eve. What a wonderful decision. We had 7pm reservations and it was nice to arrive and be seated immediately. The place was busy, but very well organized. The food is good, but I have to say it's the overall experience that earns the five stars. Tonight, that experience was facilitated by a very delightful server by the name of Lisa. We had the French onion cheese fondue for starters, I had a Caesar salad. The pine nuts are wonderful, I think they were candied, which added a great sweet and savory component. We went with the coque vin (sp?). It is really a great broth for the entree. We did the cuts and added a couple lobster tails. All wonderful. Then dessert. Oh my yum. We went with the snicker doodle which was chocolate, peanuts, butterscotch schnapps, and baileys. Wow. As if we weren't already full. It was like we were addicts and couldn't stop. Until we realized if we kept going it wasn't going to be pretty. The meal included champagne toast and they gave us each a swag bag which included their wonderful wine salt and a voucher for $25! They also took our picture and we each got a framed copy as a momento. I was very impressed. Usually I like to go all out for New Year's Eve and go out and hit up a party scene. This year I wanted something low key with family and The Melting Pot gave 2012 the perfect send off. I want to give a special thanks to Lisa for being so tremendously awesome. PS - I joined yelp just so I can review this place!!!
Let me start off by saying that the service was absolutely great. I couldn't have asked for a better bartender or waitress. 

Now that being said - maybe this place isn't so bad if you're into paying an arm and a leg to cook your own food. I came here hungry so it was a bit of a pain to have to wait minutes in-between bites.

The upside to the slow eating process is the great time you get to spend with your date conversing and not rushing through a meal - that's always a great change of pace. Atmosphere was dark and relaxing and seating was very comfortable.
First timers at the Melting Pot....perhaps our last?    

We weren't too happy about hidden costs they don't let you in on.  We went there for a special Valentines dinner and we were charged $5.95 for broth to cook our food..... "Hello.... How are we supposed to cook our meat?"   Why should we be charged for that???   We went with 3 couples and were charged that 3 times and we only had 2 pots!    
Another "go figure" why when I order my meal off their special Valentines menu consisting of their serf and turf for $66.95 do I not get my own lobster?  My husband and I had to share it.  My father-in-law had his own surf and turf and had a full lobster!  He was lucky his dining partner ordered the other choice offered, the turf.
Hardly want to go into the gratuity that is included in the price!  That really bothers me when they do that..... Lucky for us she was a good waitress.
Great place for a date night! Don't come really hungry. I recommend going for drinks and dessert.
A bit overpriced for melted cheese, but always tasty.  The tricks are going on the girls night out - a fixed price 3 course menu or during happy hour for cheese and chocolate.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.
I really wanted to like this place, really! My husband surprised me on Valentine's Day with a reservation so I was super excited. We were a few minutes late because our movie lasted longer than expected but he called them to let them know we would be about 10 minutes late and they were very accommodating, so thank you. We were actually less than 5 minutes late but we still had to wait about 15. Ok, whatever. So we went to the bar and had a drink and the bartender was super cool. 

Once we got settled we were greeted by our server. Everything is ok at this point - I'm still excited. Once we look over the menu and decide on what we want, the server comes over and grills us about upgrading the cheese cooking oil. We didn't upgrade and he kept pushing and pushing the citrus one and I'm like, no BRO - we don't want it but thanks for asking. So, he sighs and says, okaaaaaaaaay. Really? You're gonna throw a fit because I don't want your citrus upgraded cooking oil? Now, I'm a little irritated. We enjoy the cheese course and salad, which was awesome and move on to the entre.

I was good with the basic menu and again, he kept pushing the upgraded lobster tail. My husband decided to try it - ok, fine. When the time came to tell us about how to cook everything he was super boring. I remember going to the one in Scottsdale many years back and our server was so great in explaining the different cooking times, etc...now, I don't know how exciting it really is to explain cooking the food but I remember her fun personality adding to the whole experience of being at the Melting Pot. This dude was so annoying I just wanted him away from us. Entre was ok, tiny portions and lobster tail was small. 

Chocolate time! By now, I'm super annoyed every time he would check on us because he would say something stupid or try to get us to buy something. He kept pushing us to buy drinks. All I had was water and he kept asking if I was sure about that. I was so close to telling him yes, water is fine because I'm breastfeeding you idiot. I was trying really hard to not let this guy ruin our night but our entire conversation, I realized had been about how horrible this guy is. Damn. We got our chocolate and ate it fast because it was good :) 

Our bill came and gratuity is automatically added; fine, whatever. My husband paid cash and dude comes back with the whole do you need change? Normally, my husband would say no but this time he said hell yes. 

Overall, server was annoying, the food was ok; the cheese and chocolate saved the day, and it was horribly overpriced. For the 2 of us, we spent $272. Yes, it was V-Day but so not worth it.
As always great service and lots of fun its a tad expensive for fondue but its worth it especially for special occasions
Oh hell...we won't be going back! lol 

After having an amazing dinner at San Tan Brewery where we sat outside and enjoyed our night we decided to splurge and have dessert somewhere else for some added fun to our evening. So we thought, "Hey let's try The Melting Pot." I had been a few years prior and thought it was completely over priced and not at all worth what you pay but my hubby had never been so I wanted him to have that fondue experience.

We got there about 40 minutes before they closed and they immediately sat us in this claustrophobic little booth...thing. The last time I had been there I was with a party and we sat in a regular dining area. Yes this little booth was intimate but it really doesn't do them any favors. By having such little space and a closed curtain you start analyzing everything around your small area. Like how there was food splattered and stuck to the wall. Or how the wood along the wall had been essentially burned away over time from the heat coming off the fondue pots. Or how there was a HUGE uneven crack in the middle of our table. Everything just seemed outdated and grimy. After a few minutes our server came and asked for the drink orders. My hubby ordered an Irish coffee and I just wanted water. He asked me if I wanted one of the two sparkling waters they carried or "tap water". I told him tap water was fine and when he made a face I asked, "Well is it filtered water?" after he said yes I kind of just stared at him with a face like, "okay and your issue is...?" He just walked away. lol I'm sorry but I'm not going to pay your outrageous price for water, it's ridiculous, plus I'm not a fan of sparkling water. I'm perfectly fine with filtered water and this guy was trying to make it out as if I just ordered some unfiltered swamp water or something. Seriously, get over yourself. So I got my undesirable "tap water" and my hubby got his coffee. The yin-yang chocolate was brought out with the dippers and we were pretty disappointed. The cheesecake looked and tasted exactly like Wal-Mart's cheesecake, the brownies were so sugary sweet I could barely get my one piece down, the marshmallows were stale, and the bananas had brown spots on them! Although, the pound cake (I believe it was), the strawberries and the rice crispy treats were okay but it was an extremely small portion and way over priced, just like it was a few years ago. 

After we were finishing up my hubby still needed to finish his coffee and the server brought out the check...and then started clanking glasses, vacuuming, loudly shouting to others, laughing, and talking about inapproprate coworker drama. The place went from quiet to very noisy in a matter of a couple minutes. Apparently waiting to clean the restaurant until all the guests have left isn't something they train the staff on. It was extremely rude.

All in all I'm glad we went ONLY so that my hubby could have that experience, which he didn't like, so we won't be back. Don't waste your money when you can easily buy some good quality chocolate, melt it at home, and enjoy it with fresh fruits and other dipping pieces of your choice.
as always amazing!!
A great deal more happened since my last review and you can see I did up it by one star.
After my last review an employee from The Melting Pot decided to privately contact me and was rude towards myself and my review as well as made some snide remarks towards myself and my boyfriend. This really upset me so I contacted The Melting Pot's management and worked with the Area Manager, Kelly Cooper. Kelly was extremely helpful, and offered us a free dinner for the trouble we went through. 

Last night we took up the offer and arrived on time for our reservation. I requested for a table in the main dinning area, rather than one of the private booths. I never considered myself someone uncomfortable in small spaces but I really didn't like the private booths the last time we were there. The booth and area seemed very clean and much more comfortable this time around.
Our server was extremely personable and courteous the entire evening. Everything came out promptly and we were able to dine just under the two hour mark. I've seen others complain about how long it takes to dine here but that's really just part of the experience. Plus my boyfriend and I can sit and talk for hours so we were fine with it.

The food was...okay. We had the spinach artichoke dip, which honestly was bland. We LOVE spinach artichoke dips and this was the worst one we've experienced. It lacked flavor; it needed more spices or even some kick with jalapenos. We had the Coq Au Vin broth for the entree and again it didn't really give the food much flavor at all. Our meal wasn't awful but it wasn't amazing either. As stated in my previous review I've been to The Melting Pot before and remembered how my entire family felt the food didn't match the large price you paid. I still feel the same, I dont think the food has really improved and maybe its because you're cooking it yourself. For example, we really love beef at medium rare, which you can't really do here especially since you're mixing meats and everything needs to be cooked all the way through. We love veggies steamed or roasted and well seasoned but that's not how its cooked. Without the different dipping sauces the food tastes pretty plain. It's just boiled meats and veggies, and after the boiling process the meats come out over cooked for our taste, and the veggies just seemed so boring. Also one thing I noticed, the mushrooms weren't washed; they still had that dark soil-dirt all over them. So for each one I was trying to brush off the dirt before putting them in the broth.
For our dessert we chose the s'more chocolate and opted to take out the brownies, cheesecake, and marshmallows, and had them add extra of everything else. Those three treats are just way too sweet to be dipped in chocolate; the sweet chocolate is more balanced by less sweet items like the fruit, pound cake, and surprisingly, the rice krispies treats.

We had a good enough time, so why is there still a low star rating? Well just under an hour after we left we both became extremely ill. I'm not exactly sure why because we followed our servers instructions by letting the meats boil for at least 2 minutes and sometimes our pieces ended up boiling longer while we had some of the veggies. Also, we didn't touch any of the raw meats to our plates either. So, we spent all last night in and out of the bathroom. Not exactly how we wanted to spend our Friday night. After some light research on Google I did find quite a few reviews on other sites, blog posts, and forum comments about people getting food poisoning from The Melting Pot.

So needless to say, this will be our last visit. After the previous bad experiences, having employees angrily contacting me, and now food poisoning we're not planning on going back. The only reason I upped the star rating is because the manager, Kelly, was so understanding with my complaints and took my concerns seriously.
My husband and the in-laws went here last night as a part of Arizona Restaurant Week. None of us had ever been and we wanted to give it a try. 
The concept is fun and so good for groups. 
This location is ok, next time we'll have to try the Scotsdale one. However, not sure if we really will go again. 
The service was excellent, our server was attentive and nice. 
The food was good, however I can't help but feel there just wasn't an adequate amount for 4 people. Looking across the aisle at another table with just 2 people it seemed we had almost the same amount. For the price I would have liked to see larger portions, especially considering we didn't even pay the normal amount!
The chocolate fondue was my favorite. The brownie dipped in chocolate was to die for. 
Overall we had a good time. This is more a spot for the experience than the food.
This was our first time here and all I can really say is, Meh. We walked into the restaurant and waited 5 minutes for someone to come to the hostess stand. Then we waited another few minutes for the woman to escort us back. She was nice, but there should have been someone at the hostess stand when we walked in. 

So let's discuss these little booths that they have. The problem with a place that puts you in a small booth with curtains is that it gets stuffy. When the curtains open air flows in and if your server is say, a smoker, you will smell nothing but the smoke. This is what happened to my husband and I. I am very sensitive to smoke, so I think I noticed it more than him. The food was OK. The service was SLOW, it took us over 2 hours to have two cheese fondue courses and some chocolate. We might be back to check out the happy hour specials.
Ok... so to begin with - we go to the Melting Pot once a year (most likely on our anniversary) so we have a very good idea of what to expect. Every year we have gone to other locations we had an amazing time with everyone very attentive to our needs and the level of service that made spending $100-120 on a dinner for 2 seem reasonable.

This year was our 5th anniversary and even though MP was not quite in the budget - we found a coupon and decided we should have a nice dinner anyways.  This was our first time at this location.  And seriously - I've had better service at Wendy's.  We mentioned to them that it was our 5th anniversary and the hostess didn't seem to care.  Not one person wished us a happy anniversary.  And not one person (except for maybe our waitress) was even half-way nice or welcoming.

I don't know if that's because we had a coupon or not - but our portions were literally 2/3 (if not only half) of what original 3 course dinner is.  We felt as if we were totally robbed because after still spending $80 for a dinner for two & bad service - we were still hungry and considering going to Cheesecake Factory (which is way better by the way).

Once again - this is NOT a review of the Melting Pot in general as a chain - I love a concept, I love the food - but please DO NOT COME TO THIS LOCATION... worst ever.
This is my fourth trip here with my fiancee and this place gets more delicious every time. The new premium meat dippers are fantastic. Our server Bethany was great and very helpful regarding new menu changes. We had the spinach artichoke cheese and it made our month. We get a different cheese every time and they never disappoint. 5 stars
We came in Saturday with a Deal Chicken voucher. The service was AMAZING! We had a private booth behind a curtain and despite having to move tables because our burner was broken, we couldn't have asked for better service. 

The spinach and artichoke fondue was wonderful, the salads were good but the entre was Meh, as soon as it came I dropped a couple potatoes to get them going, by the time we were done eating the potatoes still weren't done which is a huge disappointment. I wish they would partially cook them first. 

The ravioli was wonderful. 


We didn't get desert because we were too full. Next time.
We ate here this Saturday night, August 31 using a DealChicken voucher that we had purchased for $99.

The voucher was for a 4-course menu of endless fondue, including a cheese fondue to start, 4 sales, an endless fondue entree, chocolate fondue for dessert, plus a bottle of wine. This was supposedly a $200 retail value. In addition, a 20% gratuity, placed on the full value of the meal, before tax, was to be added.

While the service was fine, and I really don't have too many complaints regarding the food, this was the first time I've ever been mislead by a restaurant when purchasing a voucher. The actual retail value, according to their menu, was $168.80, not $200. This included 4 endless fondue entrees at $36.95 each, plus a $21 bottle of wine.

While I understand that restaurants take a fraction of their regular margins when accepting a voucher from DealChicken, Groupon, Living Social, etc., it's a marketing decision they have decided to make to hopefully attract new customers. I was very disappointed to find out that this Melton Pot location had inflated their base prices before selling the voucher, and included a mandatory gratuity based on that same inflated value.

While I have no issue tipping 20% for great service, I prefer to tip on the actual value of the meal... not an overstated number.

While the food was okay, I can't in good heart return to a restaurant that nickels and dimes its customers. This was very disappointing and I expected better from a national chain.
A nice date night. Thank you living social.  This was my 1st time eating here. 

Food and service was good overall.  I wish the seating was a little more private. Booth seating with people all around is not exactly quaint.  I would go back with another Living Social deal, but would not go and pay full price.
I bought a living social deal and decided to check this place out. 

HOLY SHIT! Amazing place. It was my first fondue experience. The deal on living social was awesome. I got wine, apps, main course, and desert. I ended up buying a bottle of 7 deadly zins which they listed for $70. It's only $15 at bevmo, so I got suckered on that one. 

The food was awesome. Our server was a good guy. He was super friendly and made the experience very enjoyable. If you're cheap or looking to pinch pennies, this is not the place to take a date. It's expensive, but I think it's worth it. The atmosphere is very nice. It's more of a fine dining experience. I had a great time and I'll be going back again.
Prior to arriving to the Melting Pot we made reservations for 4 (the next table was available at 9pm) and had looked at some of their specials. We knew they had a three course option for $30 since it was AZ Restaurant Week and they also had a company special which was endless fondue (which was really just endless entree) for around $37. Half of us were carnivores and opted for this choice, which caused real confusion for our waiter, so we all agreed to just pay the $7 more (not a big deal since we were getting endless shrimp and filet). The cheese course was fine but the salads were small and mediocre. When the salads arrived we had asked for salt, which our waiter never brought. One person in our party had been waiting to enjoy their salad with some salt so it wasn't until another employee dropped our entree broth 10 minutes later that we got the salt. After a lengthy wait,(I believe there was now only one other table in the place), our server came to ask if we would like to order drink refills first before he brought our long anticipated entree....Finally, we received our entree, perhaps adequate for two people, but certainly not four. The waiter did make a good recommendation on the mojo cooking style (but had implied that it was included in the price of the special). After sitting with no food for another 20+ minutes, we were given the dessert menu, I asked about refills on the beef and shrimp. He later returned with 5 shrimp and about 6 bite size portions of beef. Five minutes later, we began our wait again for our next "endless entree" refill. The waiter returned to our table and asked if we would like to take our dessert to go?!! Really?!! Sure, let me just swing past Williams-Sonoma & pick up a fondue set! He seemed a bit shocked when we said no and advised him we had been waiting for more shrimp. We wanted one more refill when he came to the table with another employee following behind us holding our dessert (who then proceeded to turn around in a very disgruntled manner). I would have been more understanding if they had been busy or we had not seen the waitstaff standing idly while we were waiting for food and drink refills. It took 3 hours and $240 to have what you you would normally enjoy in appetizers or at a tapas bar. Again, no complaints on the food quality, but the slow service and lack of refills on both food and drinks made it seem like the most expensive meal, gram for gram, that I have ever eaten. I would have much rather spent it at a nice steak or seafood establishment. The decor is also quite dated and not nearly as "romantic" as I had envisioned. Probably an OK place to take a first date and share an appetizer fondue before going somewhere for a real dinner.
With some trepidation after reading other reviews from people who used coupons, we went for dinner to Ahwatukee Melting Pot. We have been there before and were always happy with meal but wondered how coupon would change it all based on other reviews.  This time two of us were on coupon and the third decided to get 4 course.  He says "what a great meal for $36!"   Jennifer was our very entertaining server. She was quick on the "merlot" refill. Wink wink (she will know what we mean). Quick service and very fast on bringing generous refills of shrimp and tenderloin which we consumed the fastest.  All in all a great meal and loved the dessert!!  Jennifer earned her 20% gratuity.
Prior to our evening we made a reservation online. We specified a booth for health reasons of our guests. When we were shown to our table it was a half booth, we told them requested a booth and the hostess proceeded to tell us that all of the tables have some booth so we should have called to specify. If I wanted to call I would have made my reservation that way. After arguing she led us to a full booth. Strike One

After being given menus I asked about the endless fondue, the all you can eat. Our server said that it was a living social deal and not available to us. After looking on my phone at living social I told him I didn't think he was correct and THEN we were given a special menu for the endless fondue. Strike Two

While ordering the endless fondue we were told to pick ANY cheese, cooking style and dessert. No mention was given to any upcharges for our choices and yet when the bill came we were charged for our "special" choices outside of the deal. Strike Three

We have been going to the Melting Pot for years and never had such bad service. The bill was about $30 more than expected due to staff not knowing their own offers. We sure didn't feel welcome. They are out of our restaurant choices now.

P.S. one of us, the vegetarian, left disappointed and hungry.

****UPDATE**** The manager contacted me and made me an offer:
 I would like to drop a couple of gift certificates to you in the mail. What happened on your visit is not what we do, or who we are. If you could reply with your address, I will get them in the mail this week.

****UPDATE****** received the "gift certificates"....they were coupons that required two entree and two cheese fondue purchases to be used....NO THANK YOU.
Ok so we went to the Melting Pot and although it was nice, everything is extra. I mean you get this deal on Living Social and it says one thing ok...but you want to cook your meal you have choose a method and that's extra...that was pretty lame for me . They bring you the food to cook and its a small bowl of veggies with 1/2 a small red potato it was as if my husband and I were going to have to arm wrestle for it (I won he was not looking) the kids plate is JUST THE MEAT and if they choose ravioli mixed in its 2 raviolis. Also its suppose to be all you can eat of the entree but the server is already picking up the plates and offering dessert which is another ghastly over priced affair. So I went in there thinking wow we are going to try something new and not break the bank and boy was I wrong. No wonder its a date place, back when you are dating you live on a leaf of lettuce and a glass of wine, LOL. I am looking at my receipt and there is a charge for almost $30 and I am going to call and ask them what that was cause I don't remember. $6 for a half glass of wine is a bit much, 50 cents to refill my kids lemonade glass its like really? The 2 dessert portions were really nice I will give you that much for we had to shell out $15 for a piece of cheese cake the size of my thumb and probably what is 1/4 sliced banana to dip among 3 marshmallows and two thumbprints of a brownie. I really really really don't think we will ever ever I mean never go back there its just kinda nuts.

I'm also going to let Living Social know, this is not a deal and I'm sorry I promoted it to people I know.
For such a high-end restaurant, they sure don't treat you that way. I made a reservation online for a booth, and when I arrived, they tried to give me a table. When I explained that I had reserved a booth (and for a reason), the seating hostess actually argued with me that it was technically half of a booth. I couldn't believe she was trying to convince me to take the table - the restaurant was empty! When I insisted that we have the booth we reserved, she finally took us across the restaurant to a booth. 

While the food was very good (especially the desert), the service was not. I walked out of there feeling like I paid nearly $50 a person for the same service I could get at any chain restaurant for $20 a person.

Definitely not impressed, and I won't be going to this particular restaurant again. I'm disappointed because I remember that The Melting Pot used to be such a well-known,  high-class restaurant.
Took the wife here for date night, love the food here!! service is world class. can't say a bad thing about this place, except I wish they had one closer to our neck of the woods.....Gilbert that is!!
We had a great time for our anniversary! The fondue was amazing. We went with the endless fondue, and that was a great choice! Delicious!
I really don't know where to start..........IT WAS NOT A GOOD EXPERIENCE AT ALL
The food was totally mediocre to say the least "WHAT THERE WAS OF IT"  There was 4 of us and the serving of ALL the items (especially the condiments) was ridiculous.  For 4 people and in all the condiment dishes "I 'M NOT KIDDING" THERE
WAS 1/4 tsp in each you couldn't even smear it on to use.......ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS.

Our waiter "David Blane"look alike' was very rushed........took away items we were not even finished with.  There never was enough cheese to share, or chocolate for the dessert for that matter.
OH YES CHOCOLATE....IT WAS HERSHEY SYRUP served cold and by the time it warmed up........we were done or it was gone???

THIS FOR  A AVERAGE OF $55 PER PERSON..........NO BEVERAGES INCLUDED so
outside of thinking of  a nice way to phrase this...........NOT GOING BACK - EVER -
PISSED OFF for being taken advantage of AND IT WAS A BIRTHDAY TREAT !!!
So much for that GREAT EXPERIENCE "THAT'S A BS STATEMENT" ALSO !!!! If I ever heard of one.

SO words of advice....Don't waste your time and most of all your MONEY !!
BECAUSE YOU WILL AND PLEASE MARK MY WORD YOU WILL BE SORRY !!
Our visit was the climax to a wonderful eveing out and the staff were so awesome in describing their menu and how it all worked.
We spent our ninth anniversary here! The food was delicious! We each had the four course meal with endless meat. We added our own desserts with the curtains closed...lol. Very fun!
We had a great experience!  This is a really nice place to go for special occasions.  The booths are so private with the curtains and the service is excellent!  The food is amazing and the experience is unique.
It's slipped. 

My husband and I have been going here for years, it started out as a special occasion restaurant. Then we just started enjoying it randomly throughout the month. After awhile, we noticed the quality slipping. Frozen potatoes would show up in the vegetables and the meat was overpoweringly marinated. Some of the nicer items began disappearing from the platters.

Then we dropped our visits back to special occasions, namely New Years. We've been for three years in a row and have noticed a steady decline. Prices are rising, quality is falling and we were surprised to find out that booths would cost us an extra $35 per person (we passed a few empty ones that remained that way for the rest of the evening). 

They weren't even able to give us our traditional photo (which is part of the New Years package) and they had switched to cheap paper frames.

Honestly, they have gone down hill. If you are used to decent quality food for your money, there are better places. I suggest Firebird's (much cheaper) or Mastro's City Hall (delicious but expensive) if you like steak. 

The New Years package includes $25 off a meal one per table coupons and honestly we are so disappointed with them we won't even give them away to friends and family. 

Our server was wonderful by the way and our disappointment in no way reflects on him. 

For the money you are paying, they should hold themselves to a higher standard.
This place is amazing, not too mention Delicious!  We enjoy the 4 Course Meals with some friends and dip, ate, laugh, dip tell we couldn't eat another thing.  Highly recommend especially for a celebration of any kind.
I have always loved the melting pot, I have been to the Portland, OR and a Seattle, WA locations and have had awesome experiences. Not at this place! I went there for happy hour today, other than my sister and I, there were only 4 other people at the bar and we still got terrible service. The bartender was unfriendly and too busy hanging out with her friends in the corner, talking about their DUI's, so professional. We had planned on staying there for a while, trying the fondue and have some drinks, but because of the service, we left as soon as we could. Never coming back.
My husband, sister, and I had a four-course dinner at this location this past month. It was mine and my husbands first time at fondue. We had a lovely experience and would go back for special occasions/date nights! The server had a lot of knowledge and was very helpful for us first timers. The cuts of meat were nice and they brought out extra dippers for the cheese. The GM came out twice to see how were likes our food and the server. Overall, thy had very tasty good, good service, and a nice ambiance.
My girlfriend and I went here for our valentines day dinner. It was excellent. Obviously it's more on the expensive side, so it may not be an "everyday" kind of place, but if you're looking for something for a special occasion or a romantic night out, this place is perfect.

My girlfriend is allergic to gluten and they had no problems accommodating that restriction. They all knew immediately what to do and we're knowledgable on the menu as it related to gluten.

Our server was a guy named Dan, and he was friendly, attentive, knowledgable and helpful throughout the whole meal. He suggested good foods, gluten free foods, good wines and answered any questions. 

Overall, I would highly recommend the melting pot.
This is my husbands and my favorite place to eat! The staff is always super nice and friendly and willing to move us if we needed a two burner table or something like that.  The food is delicious!! It's a long meal...we are usually there define about 2 hours.  LOVE THIS PLACE!!
Don't waste your time or money, this place sucks big time.  Tasteless food, shotty service. I would never go back!
The Melting Pot is not just a restaurant, it's a dining experience. Expect it to take 2-3 hours, so make sure you enjoy your company!

My husband took me here for Valentines day (my review is belated) and it was nothing short of amazing. The service was friendly, but not annoyingly so, and it felt really private and relaxing. The food was delicious and plentiful. I can't imagine how someone could think otherwise honestly. It's a 4 course meal. We had PLENTY of food left over and we were stuffed. 

I would highly recommend this place for a night out with your SO, a double date, a girls night, or anything else slightly festive. Dinner after work with the family? Not so much.
We came here for my wife's Birthday.  It was my first experience at The Melting Pot and it was a great one.  We were greeted upon walking in and seated right away.  They seated us in a small private booth for two which was very nice.  Each of the booths has a curtain that they pull shut so you feel like you are all alone.  There was only a "dull roar" from the other guests in the restaurant, so it was very nice.  

Our server was excellent.  She was outgoing and very helpful in explaining the menu.  We got the cheese and chocolate fondue with a salad.  All three courses were great.  We had the cheddar fondue which you can't go wrong with.  The different varieties of bread that we dipped in the fondue with delicious. My wife and I both got the house salad, hers with ranch and I got mine with the house dressing.  My dressing was sweet and the salad was very good. I would probably try it with ranch next time as ranch is my go-to dressing.  We finished off with the chocolate fondue which was amazing.  It had strawberries, rice-crispy treats, marshmallows, etc.  Dessert was the best course of the meal.  

It was a little on the pricey side for us, but a great choice for special occasions and well worth it!  It may be my choice for my Birthday dinner later this year :)
As always great service and food! Went for date night on a Friday and was seated quickly and with an amazing waiter! Had the spinach artichoke cheese fondue, chicken in court bouillon and the strawberry shortcake chocolate fondue...All of it was AMAZING!! I also had the sailor's punch which was nice and fruity. The total for two with drinks was just under $100 so it's not a cheap night out...but definitely worth it every once in a while :D
We never even ate. We got there and it was basically empty except for a drunk, loud, very loud female teacher at the bar. 
It was several beats before a very prententious male, looked up and said, "Can I help you?"  no greeeting, no welcome, just Can I help you? I should have told him I needed my lawn mowed. 
I say, "table for two?"
he said, "Amanda?" 
"No," say I. 
he said Please have a seat, we will be with you as soon as possible, whereupon we joined the other recalcitrant reservation free coouple. 
Amanda was behind me on the line, which ended with her and was promptly seated. 
He walked away, a young woman came to the desk, made no eye contract and I kid you not, moved a stack of menus from a ladder to the desk, took another stack on a walk about around the empty restaurant and returned with them. 
Melting Pot? More like the Prententious Pot. It was like the Soup Nazi meets the airport scene from "Meet the Parents".
We left and went to a place that does not require a crystal ball to enter.
**Edit: The GM made a point to reach out after this to apologize and explain that my experience was out of the ordinary and that they pride themselves on providing an exceptional time for their guests. Having worked in the industry for years, I appreciate this effort to go above and beyond to rectify the situation, and will be giving this location another shot in the future. **
 

I have always enjoyed my experiences here, but last night's fell short. I made a reservation online on Monday, and a few hours later got an email telling me it had been cancelled. When I called to figure out why, the manager explained that they were switching reservation systems, and that they still had the reservation. I made a point to confirm that we were coming in for my boyfriends birthday, and would like to sit in one of the more private booths off to the side. He said that wouldn't be a problem, and went on to explain that they take a picture to remember the evening. When we arrived, we were walked past 6 unoccupied private booths, and sat at a regular table. The service was standard, the food (as always) was excellent. We had the never-ending fondue and added the lobster. The only reason this review is even getting 2 stars is because of how delicious everything was. At no point was my boyfriends birthday even aknowledged, no manager stopped to see how the meal was going, nothing. At the end of the meal, I walked back past the 6, still unoccupied, private booths, to ask about why we were not able to be sat there, and why our special occasion had been ignored. He said they could only guarantee a private booth if you buy a package. I understand this, but with 6 open booths for 2.5 hours, I imagine it would not have been an issue for us to sit there, as promised. When he offered to take care of something on the bill, I explained that I had already paid because I did not want him to do that. I was not looking for handouts, I just wanted him to aknowledge that I could have had a more special experience at an Olive Garden or heck, even an Applebee's would have been better. Overall a disappointing experience. Will not be going back to this location.
First things first: the food was delicious. Absolutely no complaints there (unless you count "wanting a dozen more brownie pieces in my MOUTH" as a complaint). The prices during Happy Hour are awesome, so if you're worried about cost.. definitely check out their HH. We went on Wednesday evening around 5:30 and there was only one other couple at the bar. 

We each only had one drink, but they were stroonnnggg, which is pretty awesome considering they were only like 5 bucks. 

The only complaint I have is the customer service I received. Angie was our bartender, and wasn't friendly in the least. She started out about average, but by the time we left, she was literally SLAMMING things around... I guess hinting at us that we were taking too long? We were unwinding, relaxing from a hard day's work, and weren't in any hurry. She told us that Happy Hour ended a few minutes ago (it was about 6:10 at this point), and that "any other employee" would be charging us full price from this point on instead of HH prices. We told her we were more than happy to pay full price. This didn't seem to make her any happier. She was so frustrated that she actually ended up dropping and breaking a few glasses while drying them off.

Overall, I would visit The Melting Pot again, but I'd steer clear of this waitress because she definitely ruined the experience. When I have a bad day at work, I like to relax.. ya know, chill out... I don't want to deal with a pissy bartender!!
I have only been to this location for happy hour but have enjoyed it thoroughly on many a Friday afternoon.   The prices are great and the server Angie always takes good care of me.   I don't think I have ever sat there with an empty glass waiting to be filled.   I also appreciate the extra mile that she goes to make sure I don't feel lonely even though I always come by myself.  This treatment is exactly what will keep me coming back to this Melting Pot.
This place is so awesome!  The food, atmosphere, the service!  Do u want a great evening with people u care about?  Ask for Sierra, she will make an  amazing event  night for ur friends and family !  The food is amazing!  The place is super clean!  All around, this joint is first class!  Even the Manager is awesome!!  He made sure we (and all the guests there) were having a great experience! Rare to find it all come together in one place!  I will be back!
Our very presence in their lobby was an inconvenience to them. The manager was extremely rude when we asked for a table w out a reservation. No offer to wait just a blunt 45 min wait along with a snarky comment as we left "do not take any more people with out a reservation". Thanks for the rude interaction were headed to Cheesecake Factory.
It was our first time here and everything was FANTASTIC! The hostess was super nice, our server Brad, was so helpful, polite and professional. The food was incredible! We also appreciated the manager coming by the table and making sure everything was great! We also had the SMORES fondue.... It's like heaven in your mouth! We can't wait to go back!
We ordered the "fondue for 2"....it was WAYYYYY too much food.  and i hate wasting food especially if i cant take it home.  Come on a double date, this place isnt as romantic as you'd think it would be anyway...lots of families there.  The atmosphere feels like a steakhouse too.  I have since bought a fondue set of my own and we do it at home often.  Way more fun (and easier on the wallet).
"It's a chain. It's fondue. BUT perfect for the right occasion. I would give it 4 stars for groups or first dates. You get to cook your food so it is interactive giving you something other than your nerves to focus on. Pretty pricey however."
Great place for a very leisurely dinner. Seriously, it's gonna take 3 hours so I hope you like who you're with!! 

NOT GOOD FOR FIRST DATES. 

When I'm there I usually get the dinner for 2 with whoever i'm with - cheese fondue, salad & meat courses. Then we're STUFFED with no room for dessert. Here are a few alternatives I've found:

1. Go in and order individual dinners, not the dinner for 2 thing. This way you each get a meat course (I think it comes w/ salad too)  and then you will have room for dessert. 

2. Go in JUST for dessert. (This is my favorite thing to do with my sister - it's great girl time!) Have a very light dinner at home or wherever and then you can sit and eat chocolate fondue yumminess and drink good coffee. (They have great coffee). I also highly recommend the espresso martini.
For the price you're better off buying a fondue pot and doing this at home... plus it can be much more romantic.  I'm never a big fan of chains, and although this one manages to gain points from the atmosphere standpoint, the prices just don't justify food that any novice can make.  If money is no object and you want someone to serve you, there isn't anything "bad" about Melting Pot.
This place brings out strong feelings among some of my friends.   My opinion?  It's fun, and kinda gives me a "I brought sexy back" feeling because I hosted fondue parties in high school for my friends.  Back then no one understood fondue.  Now they pay big $ for it.  I was fondue before fondue was cool.  But anyhow.....

One friend believes that this is the most fun EVER.  She loves this place like almost nothing else as a place to have a girls night.  

Another friend thinks it's ok, but unless you get one of the tables with the pot inside of it, it's not so great.  

My lactose intolerant but cheese loving friend thinks it's the devil.  She blames it for having an entire cheese course in front of her for 20 minutes so of course she had to eat it.  And as someone who carpooled with her on that occasion, I agreed.

And yet another friend thinks it's the biggest rip off she's ever seen.  I think it went something like this:
Her: So, they are giving you cut up veggies and stuff and you dip it into melted cheese?  Are they special veggies, or just what you could get at the store?
Me: Um, just normal.
Her: And they bring out raw meat for you to cook yourself?
Me: Um, yea...
Her: And if you forget which thing touched the raw meat and you end up putting that in your mouth it's not their fault if you die because they told you to be careful?
Me: I guess
Her: And this costs how much???

And it was at that point that she and I were on the same page.  So it can be fun, or evil or both (especially the chocolate course!  OH YEA!!!) but in the end there is a part of you that wonders why you paid all the money and did almost all the work.  And for a 3 course meal, you could be there 2 hours easily.  Fine if the date is going good, or you are w/ good friends, but not a good place for those "how soon will this be over" kind of dates...
I love the Melting Pot.  Its not somewhere I'd go daily or anything but once in a relationship (or once every 6 months to a year, whichever comes first) I do enjoy being taken there.  

I like going to the Melting Pot on a date as opposed to with a group because its much more intimate to feed just one person a chocolate dipped strawberry than it is to try to feed 10.  Sticks cross and that can just be uncomfortable.  

Make reservations always as it tends to get busy, as request a private table where you are separated from the rest of the restaurant by a curtain for a more intimate vibe.  No one needs to see what you're doing back there with cheese and marshmallows (not in the same course) and whatnot.  

I like the fondue for two, which includes 3 courses and a salad I believe, but come hungry because its a ton of food.  The wine selection is good and drinks are typically pretty strong.  Prices are higher than other places but for the ambiance and uniqueness of the food, and the quality of service, etc, I think its just about right for a special night out.
Dessert is my absolute favorite and I'd have it first every time if I weren't with people who like to do things "the normal way".  

 If you are gonna do the Melting Pot, do it right! Go all out and don't look at the bill! This isn't a place for cheap-o's.  

If you are in a hurry, this also isn't the place for you.  Expect at least two hours here!

If you expect your food to be served cooked, you are in for a treat!  You cook your own food here, hence the "Fondu" part. 

I've been to the one in Scottsdale and they even offer "private booths" with little curtains so you can't see the naughty things people do with fondu! In any case, you will need reservations, this place fills up fast!

Beginners:  You get to your table and you are presented with an crazy menu.  First order the type of cheese fondu you want.  Then you order your salads, your main entree (if you bring a guy, order extra and LET HIM KNOW you cook your own food here). It can take a while, so order an appetizer or something because you can get hungry waiting.  The meets and veggies are cut skewer size so it cooks pretty fast.

Cheese Fondu: I suggest the Spinach Artichoke Cheese
Cooking Fondu: The Coq Au Vin
Dessert:- I'm biased because I get the same one everytime - Chocolate S'mores. I'd lick that damn fondu pot like licking is going outta style!

Old timers: You know the drill - have you tried theBIg Night Out?  Its probably the best deal around.

The questionable:  The wait time in between courses and then waiting to eat my courses.  I guess that's the whole point. Savor, right? I think the meat portions could be more generous, but that could be me being a porker.

Bottom Line:  GET DESSERT. GET DESSERT. GET DESSERT!
Last night I went to The Melting Pot with three girlfriends for a special "Girls' Night Out" event that they marketed. There was a set menu, and the price was $29 per person with a few options for $5 martinis. If you wanted a drink that wasn't on the set menu, you paid extra. 

When we arrived, we were greeted outside by two very bronzed girls who were promoting Planet Beach tanning salon. They gave us as many samples as we could carry (for those of us who wanted tanning lotions and such) and had a entry form for a free month of tanning.

We had reservations for 6:15, so we were seated promptly. Our waiter, Cody, came over to introduce himself and explain how things were working that evening. When we asked about the other activities outside (we had seen girls getting paraffin dips and hand massages and eyebrow waxing in the courtyard), Cody told us that we could participate after dinner. Angela, our friend who made the reservation said when she called they told her we could get those services until 10 PM. So, we relaxed.

We ordered our cheese and cooking options and then some drinks. The drinks took forever to arrive. Seriously. We had almost completely finished our cheese fondue by the time the drinks arrived. 

The cheese option we selected was a spinach and artichoke white cheese concoction that was delicious. But isn't anything with cheese delicious? :-)

There were several times when we complained (to ourselves) about our lack of drinks. Later, when one of our friends said she would want to order another martini in about 5 minutes, our waiter said, "I should probably go put it in now, though, considering how backed up they are." We thought, 'Oh wow, they are really busy with this promotion.' Turns out they had no glasses. In fact, the Ahwatukee location had to run over glasses for Scottsdale. I thought it very odd that the restaurant would advertise a big Girls' Night Out event and not be prepared for ladies wanting drinks. Oh well. 

We choose the basic bouillion cooking style, and our plates contained sirloin, filet, chicken, shrimp, butternut squash ravioli, and an assortment of veggies. It was a ton of food! We were not expecting to get so much at the discounted price. 

Our chocolate fondue choices were limited to milk, dark or white. Three of us were up for dark and one wanted white, so Cody was nice enough to bring her a little bowl of white chocolate. We had a ton of dessert .... And it was delicious.

Meanwhile, a woman from Mary Kay came over carrying a basket of what looked like presents. She asked us if we had heard about the drawing yet, and we said no. She said, "OK, well, I'll just leave these entry forms here with you." And, she did. But, she never told us what the drawing was for .... and she never returned. She asked us "Does anyone have any Mary Kay products in their purse." One of my friends did, and she got "a prize" - one of the presents. Then she asked us, "Does anyone have any lipstick at all." We all did. We all got "presents." Our present was a bag of marketing materials, which was kind of a let down. 

Next, the bill. This got a little weird because there were additional charges on our bill that didn't make sense to us. We paid with three credit cards, and all I know is I was charged $6 more than I should have been, and my friends who had either higher priced drinks or multiple drinks paid less. We asked the waiter about some of the charges, and apparently one of the drinks ordered was not on the set menu and was therefore extra. Though, we had asked about making an adjustment and he never said it would be more. 

We excitedly went to the courtyard for our treatments and discovered that everyone was either gone or was cleaning up! And it was still early! That was a bummer ....

So, overall, the food was great, and it was so nice to connect with friends over a leisurely dinner. The price was perfect - about $40 a person when you consider drinks and tip - and if they do another such event, I will go again, but try to arrive early to make the most of the activities.
Let me say first off, that I'm a cheese lover. Daughter of tried and true New England types, there aint nothin' better than extra sharp Vermont cheddar or my Swiss brother in law's homemade fondue. So when my now-unfortunate ex and I got pregnant 3 weeks after the blissful wedding event, we went to The Melting Pot to celebrate. It was a repeat visit and I've more recently been to the Phoenix location [Ray Rd]. I echo the reports of others: alot of money, alot of time and not particularly genius. It's a nice 'experience' . I think its okay fondue, I'd pass on the meat course and since liquid chocolate isn't really my thing, I'd just go for the cheese course. 

Given that, I can stay home and make my own Welsh Rarebit and wait for the next time my brother in law is in town and save myself some serious time and money.
Me and my husband went here to celebrate our big move to Arizona. It was absolutely amazing, we got a romantic package and they came to our table to take a picture.
This a cool experience.

A very romantic setting with low lights and you can sit in a very separated booth from everybody else.

The waiters are very nice explaining everything very well.  I had never had experience with fondue and I greatly appreciated that explanation.  The photo, later on in the night, is a nice touch. 

Pricey.  It was like $90 a couple.  That's just for the basic four course meal... doesn't include the wine or anything.

Plan on being there for 3 hours.  A very nice time when you are with someone you love and just enjoy being with them.

I'm hoping to go back soon.
Umm.. I might be biased a bit because I actually worked here while at ASU. So I figured I'd give you a few tips for anyone that hasn't been here before.

- Not a place to impress a first date. Listen, you'll be here for at least an hour and a half (for 2 people), hour is you really rush. With LOTS of downtime that could lead to really, really awkward conversation. Go on a first date somewhere else and use this place to "seal the deal" guys, you're welcome. 

- Don't be cheap. If you can't afford to go all out, just save up and come back another time. Get the full 4 courses and a good bottle of wine. If you don't know anything about wine, don't be afraid to ask your waiter. Tell them you want to try something first before buying the bottle and they'll bring you sample. Tell them if you only want to under X amount of dollars, too. Don't be afraid to say that you are looking for something under $35, there were plenty of wines that are GOOD for under that price at the Pot. And there are VERY good wines under $50, so know what you want to spend if you don't have an idea already.

- Make reservations. I probably should have put this first, oh well. 

- If it's a special occasion, let them know when you make the reservation. Ask for a private booth if you really want privacy during your meal. But please, don't have sex or get too frisky while in that booth. Yes, it does happen and it makes it kind of awkward for the server. Save it for later, and if you can't help yourself, ask the server to hold up the meal and go back to your car.

- And finally, tip your server well. This is not your typical serving job and there is a lot going on with your meal. Between them cooking it, making sure your safe (guess what? hot oil can be dangerous!) and doing their best to make it special for you - it's only polite. 

I think that's it. enjoy it.
Ever since I heard about the concept of the Melting Pot years ago I have been wanting to try it. My first real fondue experience (besides at my kitchen table) was last year in Washington DC at a great place called 'Bread and Chocolate' (try it next time you are in the DC area!). The second time I was lucky enough to try fondue was in NYC at an amazing French place called Artisanal Fromagerie and Bistro (another MUST TRY when you are in NYC). The third and most recent was at The Melting Pot and to be honest, I was not nearly as impressed as I thought I would be. Actually, it was kind of a buzz kill!! 

I know that The Melting Pot is a chain, but really do the servers have to so obviously say the same spiel to every table? I mean, I think I heard the same jokes and everything from every waiter. It sort of reminded me of being at a theme park for food. 

Don't get me wrong, the cheese fondue and the chocolate fondue were great but I was not impressed by the salad or the meat courses.   If I return I think I would just enjoy drinks, a little cheese fondue and of course the chocolate.
This is a great place for a quiet romantic night.  I have been to the Melting Pot only twice and both times it was this one up in Scottsdale.  The first time we had a full dinner which was fabulous and this last time we only got desert.  The desert was at a great price and we walked out of there an hour or so later, feeling relaxed and full of chocolate fondue for only 25 bucks.

I really enjoy this place, but if you're a chocolate fan, be sure to save room for desert because it is to die for.
This place is great!  I've been several times, with my husband as well as with girlfriends.  It's good for either occasion.  Girls can go and chat and catch up, and it's also good for a romantic dinner.  It does take a while to eat, and is pricey, but you get your money's worth.  The waiters are fantastic, very helpful.  They don't rush you through your meal, you can take as long as you'd like with each course.

They have a four course meal for two, about $90, that is great.  Cheese, salad, main course and chocolate for dessert.  This is the way to go.
Environment: Love sick couples and pre-teen birthdays. - 1
Appetizer: Melted Cheese = 16 bucks - 1
Main Course: I've had better meals camping. - 2
Dessert: Excellent! we had a mix of dark and white chocolates. I definitely recommend this place for dessert.+ 1
My husband and I just celebrated a belated Valentines dinner here last week and LOVED it.  It was his first experience and he wants to go back again.

Of course we cannot go every week or every month considering that it costs a pretty penny.

The service was awesome, the food came out quickly and everything was mouth-watering.  The drinks took a little long but I think it was because he also brought the cheese fondue at the same time, either that or the bartender was slow that night.
I'm visiting Scottsdale from the San Francisco bay area and decided to meet up with a friend here for dinner tonight. I LOVE fondue and was looking forward to my dinner here for a while.

First of all, we had an AWESOME server named Nate. He knew the menu very well and was very attentive to our needs. To top it off, he was very handsome too! I appreciated that he was such a great server to us despite the fact that we shared our entree and didn't order much.

3/4 into our meal the manager came by to check on us too! That was also a very nice touch and shows that this restaurant really cares about their customer satisfaction. I've dined at the San Mateo and Irvine Melting Pot in the past and this place is the best one I've tried.

The Fiesta Cheese Fondue is awesome! We also enjoyed the bursting, spicy flavor of the French Quarter entree consisting of Shrimp, Filet, chicken and sausage! The dipping sauce are all delicious. It's hard to choose which one to use. 

Although I was here with my friend, I would have LOVED the privacy their little booths for two offer. They even have curtains for you and the staff will warn you before they open them to serve your food. Very romantic idea! Outside is a cute little fire pit too!

This is definitely a great place for a date or to celebrate anniversaries. Besides, fondue is fun!
I know that all Melting Pot locations gets mixed reviews... usually the price turns people off.  It is a little pricey, but it's all about the experience.  Also, since it's a time-consuming experience, one tends to be there about twice as long as at a regular restaurant.  So I don't really mind the price for a once in a while kind of thing.  My hubbie and I have been 8-10 times... twice at the Scottsdale location.

The husband and I always order the "Big Night Out," generally the "Lobster Indulgence."  (We figure if we're going to spend a pretty penny, we might as well really make it worthwhile.)  Maybe since we always do the lobster thing, the price doesn't bother me as much.

Don't remember the specific themes the times we went to Scottsdale, but the "Big Night Out" meals go like this:  Cheese Fondue (you can choose the special or any from the regular menu) with assorted dippers, Salad Course (again, the special or off the menu), Main Course (if you get the "Lobster Indulgence," it includes twin lobster tails, usually a couple kinds of beef (e.g., filet and sirloin), shrimp, chicken, salmon, and/or pork, often a stuffed pasta, and lost of vegetables) with assorted sauces, and the best part... Chocolate Fondue with fresh fruit, brownies, marshmallows, Rice Krispies Treats, etc.  Yummy!

I must say that your experience also really depends on your server.  If you get a bogus one, you might not have a great time.  We've had good experiences for the most part, some absolutely awesome experiences.

Also, check out each location's web site prior to making reservations.  They sometimes offer really great deals or promos, especially on weekdays.  This info might be helpful to those who feel like the regular price is over the top.
Mmmmm.  Melting Pot.   Fondue.  Dipping stuff in cheese and chocolate.  Fun!

Went here for my birthday.  Cozy, romantic atmosphere.  Knowledgeable servers and attentive staff in general.  Clean.  

If you love cheese and dipping unlimited amounts of stuff in it, then this place is for you.  

Ordered the swiss cheese dip to share with my two friends who joined me.  We made a meal out of it by also getting salads.  We're more of a budget-conscious crowd and this place can get pricey quick -  so we tried to be a little careful.  You paid for the dip, but got unlimited amounts of bread, green apples and veggies for dippin'.

Huge selection of alcohol.  Many of these drink choices were expensive, but I got the blackberry margarita ( I think that is what it was called) for $8 and it was enough to wash down my meal.  

For dessert, we got a smores type selection with chocolate/graham dip with  marshmallows, cheesecake, graham crackers, and strawberries for dipping.

All and all, we were very satisfied...and quite full because we kept getting refills on the bread dippers for the cheese.

One of my friends couldn't stop staring at the fireplace, which is one of those modern deals where the fire looks like it's moving in a circle or something.  She kept mentioning how cool it was and how she couldn't stop staring at it.  LOL.

There are two main reasons why this place doesn't get five stars (but four is still pretty damn good).  One being price.  The other being overall food selection.  The menu itself wasn't very diverse, or at least nowhere near as diverse as the alcohol selection.  There were a lot of shellfish type items and some of us are allergic to that stuff.  I was tempted to get some steak dippers, but the price would have really skyrocketed there for us.  

The Melting Pot is perfect for special occasions or a fancy meal from that hot date.  Their hours are limited, so it's easier to make reservations online.  You could easily lose track of time there and hang out for hours getting refills on dippers and drinks.  Good times!
This is one of the very few chain restaurants I like...

Tried this new location on Saturday night (they recently moved into a new bigger building next door). 

Melting Pot is an adventure in dining, a prolonged multi-hour dinner experience. I love fondue, and The Melting Pot are the masters of fondue!

Started with cheese, apples, breads, and veggies with a cheddar cheese and beer concoction. Moved on to lobster, shrimp, steak, pork, and chicken which we cooked in a veggie broth. Finished the meal with a chocolate and peanut butter dip with cheesecake, strawberries, and rice crispy treats.

Great service, great food, great wine list, great times!
Having a ying for a taste of Switzerland.. I decide to celebrate a special persons birthday here.. Kind of to remind her of Europe.. well.. the price reminded me of Switzerland.. but the authenticity isnt there.. AND they have a menu that says a Alpine Nite.. dont be fooled.. most cheese fondues do not have grainy mustard in them.. We did the price fix menu.. starting with the cheese fondue.. a salad.. the meat and seafood course.. (a small amount for two considering the price was about $45 each).. chocolate fondue.. with too much amaretto in the chocolate.. the experience is cool.. but if youve been to Switzerland.. dont go in here thinking your getting authentic.. my advice.. hit up Sur La Table and get your own fondue pot.. do it at home.. and youll get more authentic.. am I snob.. proudly..
If you go here, you will enjoy a four course fondue meal. The desert chocolate is awesome. I prefer the 'Smores' option but the others look great also. They have many options for the main course. This place is pricey and you do have to cook your own food, but a nice option for special occasions.
Yes this place is expensive but that's why it's a nice elegant fancy place to eat!  They give you endless  fruit or bread for your cheese fondu. The service was awesome! I didn't like the main dish I ordered because it wasn't what I was expecting, and he gladly took it back and gave me what my boyfriend ordered. Not to mention it came out so fast!

This place is intimate, great for date night with the boy! Or date night with a girl! 

If you sign up on their website, they give you free chocolate fondu for two next time you go there. You have to order cheese fondu an 2 meals but that's still awesome!
I had never been to The Melting Pot and when the girlfriend found a coupon in the mail, she thought it'd be a fun night out.

We went on a Thursday, to keep the cost "down" a bit. We did the Big Night Out special at $69, she had an $8 glass of wine and I had a $2.50 iced tea. The meal started with the regular cheddar cheese fondue, which tasted great. They bring out as many dippers as you want, but we exhausted the cheese in one go.

Next up were the salads. I had a house salad with the peppercorn ranch which was tasty and she had a California salad, which included gorgonzola and a raspberry vinaigrette. I'm not a fan of bleu-type cheeses, but the dressing really sold it.

The main course was part of their island/pacific inspired seasonal special. The platter included chicken, beef, pork tenderloin, kiwi shrimp, pasta, and ahi tuna. It didn't appear to be a ton of food, but it definitely filled us up--we even left a few pieces to spare. We had it with the coq au vin oil.

Finally, we tried the bananas foster chocolate fondue, but with dark chocolate instead. Our server flambee'd the bananas and sprinkled cinnamon into the mix which made sparks. Very cool. They served strawberries, rice krispies, marshmallows, brownies, cheesecake, and pound cake. A great assortment.

Our waiter was informed, helpful, and attentive. Our booth was an intimate two person right-angle type table, which was nice, but a bit claustrophobic. 

At the end of the day, the food was tasty but it didn't wow me. I've had amazing meals. Meals that leave you wanting to tell the story, shouting about them from the rooftops. Meals with superb presentation, wonderful experimentation, and the results of a master chef who has truly honed his craft and knows just what to put together and how best to accomplish it. I've had that for far less than $110 (tax & tip) for two people, too.

The value proposition component really sticks with me here. The food was good, but it wasn't phenomenal. It wasn't life-changing. The presentation was nice, the seasonings were good, things were flavorful, but at the end of the day, I didn't leave with a sense of awe and utter contentment. I was full, and I was happy, but I expect a whole lot more when I dip into the $100/couple range for a meal.

Now, to be fair, you get four courses. More than enough food. It's a romantic setting (with somewhat varied music) and they execute the concept very well. I guess I was disappointed because I want a story to tell when I spend that much money on a meal, and I didn't get one.
We celebrated our 6 year wedding anniversary last night at the Meling Pot and had a wonderful experience.  It was our first time going and they really did a great job personalizing the experience.  We had a card and flowers waiting for us at our table and the wait staff all congratulated us on our celebration.  That doesn't mean much if the food isn't good but it was deeee-lish!  We had the Big Night Out and was able to customize the menu to our liking.  Although the main entree wasn't much more than a glorified hot pot at a Chinese restuarant, it was still awesome.  You can't go wrong with dipping your appetizer in melted cheese and your desserts in chocolate.  We would definitely go there again!
Yes, this place can be a bit pricey, however if you catch them at happy hour or on "girls night out" it can be very affordable. The atmosphere and the "specialness" of the melting pot is unbeatable. I have been there for intimate occasions, and family birthdays. Food is wonder, especially the cheese! The menu has changed a bit over the years, and there are some oldies I would love to see return (the mushroom salad), but there is nothing that beats this place for any special occasion
Yes, The Melting Pot is more than some people can afford but the experience it totally worth it! I have been begging the hubby to take me there for dinner and one night and he finally caved and took me, the service was excellent and the food was amazing! I definitely want to go back someday!
L. took me out for a belated birthday dinner this evening here. I had yelped it prior and was pretty excited for what seemed to be a "one of a kind" experience.

As soon as we walked in, I was wowed by the atmosphere. Definitely very Scottsdale-y, but not super snotty. Just very nice and sophisticated. There's definitely a lot of explanation that is involved throughout the evening, which sort of went over my head which was ok because L had been there before. 

We had the Big Night Out - and I sub'd the lettuce wrap with the chicken caesar salad. Our server warned me about the pine nuts in case I was allergic, which I'm not. But the pine nuts were bomb and definitely made the salad special. We had the fondue fusion (with lobster), and the original for dessert. Add on a few drinks between the two of us, and it was SO MUCH FOOD BUT OMGAHD SO GOOD. If I had a six-figure salary, I would be here all the time it's redick. 

It's definitely one of those special occasion places, a lot of the parties that came in after us were celebrating an anniversary or birthday. The service was great and I'll definitely be back....gotta start saving though.
We love this place.

The atmosphere is great. It's really gorgeous in there.

The food is amazing. Dessert is even more amazing.

We can't afford to go here often, but it's wonderful for special dates like anniversaries. I love it.
The atmosphere at The Melting Pot is perfect for a special night out...dark, cozy, and very intimate.  We sat in a booth with a curtain that gave us a lot of privacy...which I like when stuffing my face!! :)

Our server was incredibly attentive, especially in describing how we could customize The Big Night Out special for 2, since I am vegetarian and my other half is not.  The food is fantastic...heavy and plentiful...but fantastic.  The manager also stopped by our table which is always a nice touch that I love.  They also didn't mind us staying until almost midnight, which was nice.

If you're not feeling to hungry, you can opt to just have cheese and chocolate fondues, which are plenty enough to have me come back.  Will definitely return here for special occasions...wish it were more, but it's a bit pricey.  Expect to pay $80+ for 2 people.
The Melting Pot is a dining EXPERIENCE. If you get a private booth, it can be a very romantic dining experience. 

Heres the deal...As mentioned in other reviews, the food is good but not amazing (except for dessert!). Set aside a good 2 1/2 - 3 hours for dinner, drinks and conversation. It takes a while. If you are one of those who likes to order, eat and get the hell out...this is not the place for you. Be ready to relax, have a few drinks and take your time. The cheese course, salad and main course are there as distractions. The spotlight is firmly held on the dessert course! Its freeking amazing!!! We haven't had a dessert at the melting pot that we didn't LOVE!
The company I work for booked The Melting Pot for our holiday party this year, and we all had a great time. I am rating it 3 stars because although I didn't have to pay, I think the value may be questionable for what you get.

First off, the staff was amazing. Having never had fondue in a restaurant setting before, they were quick to explain each and every thing on the table. They were quick with all requests, and they kept the wine flowing and the tables cleared off. Their attitudes were superb for the affluent area the place is in.

The first course was an introduction, with a blend of melted cheeses bubbling away on our table with an assortment of breads, vegetables, chips and even granny smith apples to dip in and sample. This was probably my favorite part of the meal. Next came a salad, which I enjoyed, but found it unremarkable. The main course consisted of a sampling of various meats and seafood: chunks of steak, seasoned beef, seasoned chicken, mini-stuffed pasta medallions, prawns, and a lobster tail. This was partnered with various veggies including mushrooms, potatoes and broccoli, and a variety of dipping sauces, with of course the hot broth to cook everything in. My favorite part of this course was the seafood dipped in the herb butter, and the gorgonzola dip. Last was (naturally) the famous dessert course, with chunks of brownie, cheesecake and fruit with pots of milk and white chocolate to coat it all with (the cheesecake and marshmallows was the highlight). 

While I did think everything was OK, I didn't think it was something I could have gone the rest of my life without trying. I could see this place as impressive for a date or significant anniversary or event, but there are far better "fancy" restaurants with more flavorful offerings. Even though we were in a large group, my wife and I got a table to ourselves, and that "date night" feeling really works well with this place. Another good aspect was that we got our pick of everything presented while everyone else had to share. 

One of my favorite things to eat is shabu shabu, and while similar in execution, I think the Japanese version of cooking-your-own-food is far superior. I'd gladly pay the premium for shabu shabu, but The Melting Pot just isn't my thing.
I went to the melting pot for the first time for valentine's day with my boyfriend.  It was delicious!  Our server was incredible.  She was very attentive to our needs and made us feel like we were her only guests that night.  I noticed the manager going to every table and thanking them for choosing the restaurant.  Talk about personalized service!  They have these special enclosed booths that have a curtain.  It is defintely a romantic spot.  You have to have the artichoke dip.  It was the best I've ever had.
"To Each His Own"

SERVER: Sarah: 10 out of 5! We just love her!
MANAGER: ???:  7   out of 5! He gave my 3-year old niece a pink balloon!

*Cheese Fondue:

Fiesta Cheese Fondue: 4 out of 5.
Traditional Swiss Cheese Fondue: 1 out of 5.

*Salads:

The Melting Pot House Salad: 3 out of 5.
Spinach Mushroom Salad: 5 out of 5.

*Individual Entre: (Portion, Marinate)

The French Quarter (Cajun Marinated): 5 out 5.
Signature Collection: 3 out of 5.
Pacific Rim: 3 out of 5.
Seafood Trio: 5 out of 5.

*Entre Cooking Style:

Mojo: 4 out of 5.
Coq Au Vin: 3 out of 5.

*Entre Sauces:

Curry: 4 out of 5.
Green Goddess: 5 out of 5.
Gorgonzola Port: 4 out of 5.
Ginger Plum: 5 out of 5.

*Chocolate Fondue:

Banana Foster: 5 out of 5.
A very unique place specializing fondues.. This is my first try, everything went like I expected, but not outreaching... We had the Fusion version of the Big Night Out  four-course meal.. A lot of food for two, and not cheap!

1st course - Fondue A La France
It was a-ok.. the cheese mix was great, but the white wine (don't remember name) base was too strong... I wish they'd use less of the alcohol. But you get unlimited sides with it..

2nd course - Salad Nicoise and California Salad
Both salads were tasty! However, the plates arrived in an ice-cold condition, and by looking at the presentation of the salad, I felt it was already pre-made and came out from the refrigerator.. the leaves just don't look like were just mixed together...

3rd course - Main entree with Court Bouillon cooking style
The fusion version offers one extra item, a lobster tail, other than that, everything is the same from the feast version. Meat and seafood were fresh, wish that I had chosen a different cooking style, maybe the Bourguignonne, didn't really enjoy the vegetable broth, personally think the taste was too strong..

4th course - White & Dark Chocolate Fondue
This was my fav!!! The mixture of two kinds of chocolate was just right, adding the different toppings for dipping, cheesecake, strawberries, bananas...hmmmm... If only it has less calories, I'll never have enough!

The whole dinner took about 2 hours as we're fast-eater and didn't really spend that much time on the cheese fondue...so come prepare for a long stay if you want to experience the 'whole package'..
Automatic 20% gratuity, even increasing the credit card charge after the customer leaves.  
Is this true?
http://www.yelp.com/topic/scottsdale-automatic-20-gratuity-are-we-legally-obliged-to-pay-it-if-its-not-noted-on-the-menu
reserved a private booth and didnt get it even though it was very slow 
i just didnt care for the place at all 
the waitress was very nice dessert was the best i would go for dessert but thats about it
Buyer Beware!!  Be prepared to drop more $$ than you anticipate with your local dine coupon.  The coupon was $50 for the four course big night out dinner for two.  What they don't tell you is it really costs $83 for this meal.  So.....we spent $25 on the coupon for $50.  You will pay the difference on this deal, plus drinks and they add a $20 tip on top of this (for you to cook your own dinner!!).  We felt totally ripped off when we got the bill for $79.63!  This is a VERY misleading coupon.  We have not had this problem with others from local dines.  Needless to say, we will not go back to the Melting Pot again, nor recommend this place.  Local Dines needs to be more specific with the coupons and what you are really getting.  Also we had a private booth which was nice and cozy, however the music was very loud and not anything we like to listen to (old torch songs), we asked them to turn down the volume three times and it was still too loud in our booth!!
I went for AZ Restaurant Week. The wait staff were incredibly nice and really take a lot of time to explain everything if you're new as week as the cooking process. They were very willing to make dietary substitutions. Be prepared for a long meal though. I only had 1.5hrs and even with a reservation, I had to quickly stuff my face with dessert in order to make it out of there a little over 2hrs. So don't go unless you're prepared to sit down for a while. The atmosphere is ok. It's very romantic so if you're going with friends and just want to talk and laugh, it might not be the best place. The food was alright. I don't think it's good enough to justify the prices, especially since you're making your own food. Save your money, go buy a fondue set and do it at home. But it's definately worth the experience on time. I just personally will not be going back.
I went here about a year ago with a friend and enjoyed it. Nice staff, good food and was pleased. I have a group of friends from work that we rotate selecting a restaurant to out eat at. I decided on The Melting Point as my choice and phoned the restaurant to place the reservation. The guy taking the reservations could hardly be heard or understood--there was no accent just a rushed feeling to get off the phone.

I explained there would be a party of 8 people dining for dinner. I was told I needed to provide a credit card to hold the reservation and if we were late or no-shows a $10 per person charge would be applied. WHAT!?!

Needless to say, I contacted my friends and picked another restaurant that doesn't pull these kinds of tricks. Sorry Melting Pot, but that's a bit rude and a good way to drive off repeat customers.
We went here for my birthday during Restaurant Week.  Made reservations a few days in advance - there was much confusion about the end date of restaurant week and informed them we'd be celebrating a birthday.  

We waited about 15 minutes past out reservation time to be seated. No mention of the birthday we had informed them about.  We informed our server that we'd never been there before or to a fondue restaurant and she just smiled and walked away.  We had to ask her repeatedly what to do as we were given no direction. We were very disappointed in the service.

The food was fine - we did add the coq au vin, which was a flavorful sauce of fresh herbs, mushrooms, garlic, spices and burgundy wine.  The desert was good as well (you can't go wrong with chocolate)!

The meal does take about 2 1/2 hours to complete and is a bit on the pricey side.  We are glad to have experienced it, but would not return.
I'll keep this short. The food is good, the ambience is good and the entire visit is an experience like any other. Go there with time on your hands, go there with people you have plenty to talk about with as it takes a while. This is a place to relax and enjoy being served and eating food which is so different. If the price seems prohibitive, go for the happy hours.
Overpriced for mediocre food. It's the novelty that you pay for.
We did the Four Course option, add lobster.
Nothing blew me away, except my company.  :)
I'm glad I experienced it once, but probably won't go back for dinner. (Dessert, possibly.)
For a quiet and slow dinner, go here. The atmosphere is really laid back, the price is a little high but the fun behind going out for fondue helps. It has been a long time since I have been here, it might be time for a revisit to see what I think of it now.
My daughter and I go here every Thursday. We always have the Cheese and Chocolate dinner. The price is very reasonable and the waiters, especially, Izzy, are great! They prepare the fondue right at your table and they will replenish the dipping items as often as you like. Try the cheddar, garlic, and beer sauce for the cheese portion and the half milk, half dark chocolate for the dessert part. Best dinner in town.
This is more about experience than food (in my opinion). Don't get me wrong, the food is good but its WAY expensive. Me and friends went and had a great time and if you've never done the fondue thing, you should try it sometime.
I went to The Melting Pot for the first time a couple weeks ago on a double date. Ambiance was wonderful and dessert fondue was absolutely amazing. The only reason I gave it 4/5 is because the expense- although I do not mind paying for good food, I do not like the attitude that sometimes go with high-class places. At one point, I felt as though I was not spoken to in an adult-like way despite us all being above legal drinking age. Perhaps it was because we look the part of 'college kids'. Overall, I'm willing to try again- it may have just been a bad night for that particular waitress.
Went to this place last night with my girlfriend for the first time. First walking in, the place had a low-key, romantic mood. The staff was very friendly and we were seated promptly. We were seated in a private booth that was accompanied with a curtain and dim lighting. Our waitress was very knowledgable and we found out it was her first night working the floor. She seemed like she had been working there a very long time. Bottom line for this review:
It's a date place for couples. There is a process for the four course meal which is time consuming so do not plan on a quick sit down to eat. You pay for the dining experience which is exciting and very sensual. The wine is great and the food is delicious. Book your reservation ahead of time as walk-ins cannot always be accommodated. I don't know how people can rate this place less than 5 stars. Even the price a bit steep but well worth the food, wine and experience with your loved one.
I saw a someone praise this place on Facebook and I started chuckling. My wife asked me to go with her to the melting pot a couple years ago. She was very excited until the food actually came. That's when she said, this isn't what we ordered. I said yeah there is less then 4 oz of meat to share between 2 people. She said, no I meant these are the wrong sauces. I said hang on. We are paying 120 dollars for 2 cups of raw vegetables, 4 oz of meat, and beef stock? She said well your paying for the ambiance. Plus desert is to die for. Desert came, she said Isn't this great and I said we are dipping less then a cup of fruit in chocolate. At the end she said you hated it, didn't you. I said baby I loved being there with you, but I have never paid so much money in all my life to eat every day food and stay hungry. For the same money we could have gone to any number of nice restaurants and actually had a full meal.  My wife laughed and then said yeah your right. It's a great little niche restaurant idea, but once you get past all the hoopla this is place is a huge rip off.  On the plus side, It's a nice romantic place with super dark tables. Cooking your own food gives you plenty of time to sit and talk with that special someone.
Best fondue experience, hands down. I've always loved fondue, but until going here, I never knew it could be so delectable. The seating is very private and intimate, and the mood lighting really adds elegance. As for the food - delicious and satisfying. Also, our server was uncannily timely. He always knew when to serve the next course, haha. I wish I could remember the name of him - he was an excellent server

The only thing I dislike is the price. It is, quite frankly, outrageous. Especially, since you're basically cooking it yourself. My friends and I only go here on VERY special occasions - because the check was an occasion itself.

But above all, wonderful food, wonderful servers and hosts, wonderful atmosphere.
Went here a few weeks ago. As others have said, you're paying a lot for a gimmick, and the novelty wears off pretty quickly...particularly after you realize you've paid over $100 for you and your date to cook your own food (after a lengthy trial and error process).  The initial cheese fondue was delicious, as was the salad course. And you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue for dessert. But I could've stopped there.  

The entree is where things kind of go off the rails.  You're cooking your own meat (a few pieces each of steak, pork, chicken, shrimp, or lobster) and veggies (broccoli, potatoes, mushrooms), and you don't quite get the perfect timing until well into the meal. The meat itself can be a little bland--you're basically just deep frying it. And while a long, slow meal with your date is romantic, it does get a little tedious to cook each individual bite. Yes, we knew what we were getting into when we went there--a place that's a little unique, but again, that wears off pretty quick.

That said, there's nothing the staff could've done better. They were attentive and helpful, and the small booth (with curtains) was an intimate way to dine out. Still I don't think I'll be back, and if I do, I'll probably skip the entree and just stick with the other elements of the four-course meal.
So another first for me and I must say my girls and I very much enjoyed our experience here.  I read all the reviews last night knowing we would be dining here the next evening.  The only complaints I really worried about were the small portions but that was no where near an issue....we have never left a restaurant more full!

When we entered we were very pleasantly greeted and shown to the booth we had reserved right away.  Our server Laura was quick to greet us and explain the menu, choices and her suggestions.

Let my girls order virgin strawberry daiquiris and I ordered one for myself as well and they were delicious!

We decided to go with the 4 course meal for $40.50 a person and it was a great deal.  We started with the Wisconsin cheese fondue which was amazing.  With the green onions, scallions and black pepper, white wine and dry sherry.  The only complaint we had was you could taste the alcohol a little too much in the cheese, which when dining with kids was a bit bothersome.  I didn't like the veggies in the cheese, just didn't seem like a good combo to me.  I would prefer to see just a larger variety of bread instead of 2 choices. All in all the cheese fondue was delicious.

The salads were very good as well.  One of my girls went with the sweet dressing as opposed to the peppercorn ranch on the Melting Pot house salad and she didn't eat any of it.  Said the dressing was way too sweet.  I very much liked my house salad with the peppercorn ranch.  Not a ton of croutons, a very good even amount of everything. The salad was crisp and fresh and not drowned in dressing.  Was happy with this course as well.

On to the main course!  We had shrimp, herb chicken, pork, sirloin and teriyaki steak.  The teriyaki steak, shrimp and sirloin were very good, fresh and tender.  We did not care for the herb chicken at all.  The pork was good as well but I believe was a teriyaki pork and the taste was very overwhelming.  Only trouble with ordering a main course is each piece takes anywhere from a minute and 30 seconds to 2 to 3 minutes to cook so it is very tiring cooking everything.  My suggestion is to get a rhythm going.  You get 2 fondue forks, while you have one in the pot cooking something eat what is on your plate...then when you are done the next thing is ready to come out.  While we enjoyed the main course we all agreed we wouldn't do it again.  Next time would just come for the cheese and dessert.

Speaking of dessert!!  Delish!!  We went with the original blend, the chocolate and chunky peanut butter.  Wish our pot had been turned up a little higher so it was a little warmer but I could have asked as well and I am sure they would have done it.  We ate it so fast though it didn't matter too much!  The rice krispy treats, marshmallows, brownies, pound cake, cheesecake and strawberries were out of this world!!  By the time we left we were all ready to go home and sleep!

Overall we were very happy with our experience here.  A manager came by at the end of our meal and made sure everything had been to our liking.  Every person of the service staff we encountered was very nice and helpful.

One of the only negative I would have to say about the atmosphere is I think it should be a certain age and above, this is not a kid type restaurant.  While trying to enjoy our meal there was a child, perhaps a little under the age of two who found it funny to make the same loud yelling noise over and over for about 20 mins.  Not his fault but parents need to either correct the behavior, leave this age of child at home when dining here or go to a more family type place to eat.  I would encourage the managers to be more aware of this as well, it would have been nice for one of them to take the initiative and ask about quieting the child for their other customers. 

We will be returning to the establishment as overall it was a fabulous and fun experience that everyone should have.  Yes it is pricey but I believe worth the money as you will go home stuffed and satisfied!
This was my first time at the Melting Pot for dinner, I have gone before for dessert and drinks at another location. We weren't able to get a reservation until 8:30 which was ok, but then we weren't seated until close to 9:00. They were offering a special, $30 for 3 courses. The first course, the cheese was really good. Then came our entree course. Our burner was going out which wasn't an issue during the cheese. But our meats and vegetables were taking close to 10 minutes to cook, when it should take 2-3. Our waitress was aware that it was taking longer and suggested that we move, but if anyone has been there, you know it's not that simple. The dessert was next and honestly it's the only reason I would go back. Based on my first full meal experience, I will not be returning to a Melting Pot.
The Melting Pot does not serve gourmet food but you will pay gourmet prices. There profit margins must be pretty high here but in all honesty this is a wonderful place for a relaxing, more upscale restaurant. If you are looking for a perfect date restaurant this is it.

Lots of booths and a fireplace make the meal. They have private booths with curtains that shut out the outside world but they are super crammed. I'm claustrophobic and hated it. However, if you want to get super cozy go for it...

Reservations are strongly encouraged even when it's slow -- I think it's just how they roll. I've never had a problem getting a reservation during normal times to go. Stay away from this place on Valentine's Day. It will be packed (not romantic) and cost you a fortune. Spend that money on TRUE gourmet food.

Great wine selection with an expert to help you pick out what you want.

Why is the food bad? Well it's not bad. The cheese fondues and desserts are AMAZING. But the entrees are really pricey ($30 per person) and it's nothing special. They just bring you out the raw steak, chicken, or shrimp. Part of the reason you pay so much money for steak at higher end restaurants is the expert seasoning and grilling of the chef. 

Also, I really dislike their dinnerware: cheap, scratched plastic plates -- feels like camping gear. For that reason it's not five stars and really not worth the price. I go here because I accept the Melting Pot's faults and cannot escape cravings for their delicious cheese fondue, scrumptious desserts, and lovely atmosphere. 

Service is always amazing.

It's not really a good restaurant for kids. The can burn themselves on the fondue plate which is on the center of the table and it's really quiet in here so please only bring your kids if they are typically quiet at dinner.
This is one of my absolutely favorite places to eat. Here is my guide to having a 5 star experience at this restaurant. 

1. Make reservations a few weeks in advance to be sure to get the time slot you are interested it. They fill up fast.

2. Go for an occasion, not a holiday. Go because its your birthday, or you are celebrating a big business deal. Not on Valentines Day. This is not me saying it would be bad on Valentine's Day, but most people get frustrated when its busy at places like this and don't realize that, well, yeah...its VALENTINE'S DAY. (If you can set the right expectations then HECK YEAH go on Valentine's Day)

3. DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT take your kids here. It is not that the staff wouldn't be amazing to your kids, it is the fact that most people are here for a quiet night out, not a screaming 2 year old. (I leave my screaming 2 year old at home.) Here's the catch, if your kid is old enough to enjoy a good meal and experience and you would like some one on one time with them to perhaps congratulate them on good grades etc, this may not be a bad idea. Again...screaming 2 year old = NO.

4. Finding deals for this place is also a good tip. Sometimes you will see coupons in your local mailer, or you can sign up for their newsletter. If not prepare yourself for a high bill. Same as when you go to Fogo de Chao. You know you are going to a nice place, you also know you are paying for it. Go in with a good mindset and be expecting it and it wont shock you, either that or drink some of their fabulous cocktails and then you wont care!

5. Booths with privacy curtains. Don't ask. However be aware that they do have them and they can be fun. (Assuming here, I have never sat in one).

6. Last but not least and most important. I do not care if you are on a diet, or diabetic, or hate chocolate (what kind of nut are you). Make time, don't eat for a week, take insulin, and have the chocolate fondue. This is absolutely amazing and worth the trip every time!

Follow my 6 steps and you will have a great time at The Melting Pot!
My six year old daughter and I enjoyed a fun and memorable date night at Melting Pot last night. It was her first exposure to fondue and we had a blast eating great food and talking about her first three days of first grade. We starteed with a fantastic spinach and artichoke fontina & butterkse cheese fondue, then shared the "Land & Sea" (filet mignon, chicken and shrimp). Of course, when the dessert menu came out so did a bit more enthusiasm. She had never dreamed of seeing a pot of melted chocolate before. The looks on her face were priceless. She chose the "Cookies 'n Cream Marshmallow Dream" and it was crazy good. I'm looking forward to taking the whole family and to making this a more common stop on our date night calendar.
ok so, first of all, if i had known we had to cook our own food i never would have gone here. second of all, the cheese was good but not $16 good. the food was ok, but if you get something different from your date you still share the same pot so the flavors get all muddled. plus, the lighting is very dim in this restaurant so it was very hard for me to tell if my pork, chicken, shrimp and any other must be fully cooked foods were fully cooked. i must say, their curry sauce was amazing, and so were the chocolate covered strawberries, which is why i'm giving 2 stars instead of 1. i will not be back to throw away close to $100. i can go to ruth's chris and have an amazing meal for that price. i'm very disappointed.
I came here for AZ restaurant week with a few friends.  If you want an interactive experience, Melting Pot makes you feel like you are cooking without much of the hard work of prep and cleaning.  You need to have a timing system for all the veggies and meats.

The service can be a little slow, but I think its done intentionally to enjoy the moment and the experience.

This would be a great date spot.
The Melting Pot is an interesting and unique place for a meal, but certainly is outrageously overpriced, otherwise I would give it an even higher rating.

The cheese fondue really is out of this world. And the desserts are also nothing short of amazing. I wasn't too impressed with the main course however and that part of the meal especially does little to justify the price.

The service here is quite good and the waiters could probably even afford to give you more alone time than they do. This is a place I would definitely return to for a special occasion, because it is a nice experience despite the price.
You can't go wrong - or leave completely stuffed - at the Melting Pot.

I was excited for the Living Social deal a couple months ago for 3 courses (cheese, salad, endless entree) plus a champagne toast for a fraction of the cost. This particular location has a ton of "Lover's Lane" seating - a tiny table for 2 with the option to close curtains for privacy. 

I've never had even remotely average service - it's always been top-notch. The food is obviously incredible as well. I love how dinner takes 2 hours here because 4 courses sure is a lot of food. 

Great date spot!
Went here the other night for the first time.  I am glad i experienced it but it was not all that great of food for the price.  Probably will not go back.
Definitely a place everyone should give a whirl!  This was my first ever full meal of fondues. I have had fondue as a starter at other restaurants, but never cooked my own main course this way.  I had purchased a Living Social deal a couple months back because my bf is a big-time fondue fan and it was a good deal.  We started with the cheddar-beer cheese fondue, which the bf and I both enjoyed. It was fun to see the fondue come together before your eyes as they make it at your table. After devouring the cheese, we had ceasar salads; loved those parmesan crusted pine nuts!!  Now we move on to the main course of cooking our meats and veggies.... We chose a coq au vin broth, which is veggie broth with herbs, garlic and burgundy wine.  We had chicken, steak, pork, shrimp and assorted veggies... They will bring you food until you are stuffed or get sick of cooking! My fave meat was the pork. Not sure what they marinate in, but it is so tender and tasty!  
While it is nice to have a coursed-meal spread out over time, it can be a testament to your patience if you are hungry.  ;)  Our server was great and friendly. A manager came around and made sure we knew about the 'Free fondue for life' event going this year.  All in all, good food, good service, nice night out!
We plan to go back for just chocolate and wine next time!!
Made a reservation a month in advance for 7, noting that it was an anniversary dinner (and hoping for one of the curtained off couples tables.) Called the night of and asked if we could change the reservation to 7:30 since we were running late.  We were informed that we could not and that we needed to make it within 15 min of our original reservation in order to be seated.  We rushed and made it right at the "cutoff" mark, and were seated at a huge table, I assumed because all the couples tables were full.  After getting settled in, we looked around only to find the restaurant dead empty.  We were one of maybe 5 parties there.  Why the rush?  Would have given only one star if not for the great food, and having plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day.  The server was quite attentive, so I think it's just the hostess desk that's not up to par.

Note; this will be a long meal so plan accordingly.  You can't do this place quick, its an experience.
My husband and I came here for our one year wedding anniversary. We have been here several times before and I love it. The food is so good and the dessert is the best part. Our server was very friendly, helpful, and gave us everything we needed. We had a great night. I will keep coming back to this place.
Were here on a weekday for happy hour in May '13 between 5 to 6 PM. And were greeted, seated in bar. 

Bartender was pretty good and suggested options. We tried Cheese Fondue & choc. Fondue, which was good...

Would try this place again :)
If you are not a fan of fondue, you may not enjoy this place. If you are, you have already probably been there. But, in case you haven't, you should definitely go. My wife and I have been fortunate enough to leave in three cities that have them close by. We often go and only get the Wisconsin Cheese Trio and the Peanut Butter Chocolate fondue because that will pretty much do the trick! 

But we did get a full course a couple of times and were not disappointed! The experience itself is pretty neat! The seating is as private as you want it too with a pull curtain for your booth and everything... very romantic. You get a quick course on how to dip and eat your food and the server is always nearby for anything you need. 

For a full course and a bottle of wine you can get out of there just under $100 which, I feel, is well worth it. WONDERFUL!
Okay, first of all, this is kinda pricey so it's not the place I'd go weekly.  However, a few times a year this place is awesome!  They have a gluten free menu and they do host special gluten free nights at Scottsdale,  where this time, they featured Jewel's Cupcakes (soon to be bakery cafe) desserts and bread.  The second time there was a special night with a percentage of proceeds going to the Celiac Foundation.  Win/win!  

First time there we had the four course meal which included the salad.  I was thinking that I wouldn't want the salad in deference to the main pot but I am telling you that this was one of the best salads I have EVER had in my life.  Seriously.  That good!  It was a specific menu for that season so I cannot remember what salad it was but it was divine!

The cheese fondue is good.  I have found after two trips it is okay, not my favorite though and IF I had to ixnay one course the cheese would be the first to go.  The Mojo pot for the main course may set you back another $6 bucks but it's totally worth it.  The flavors are awesome!  When they bring all the veggies, do yourself a favor and have them add them all in immediately to the pot.  The potatoes take forever to cook and the flavor is more prevalent after a longer cook time. 

the Mushrooms are fantastic with the Gorgonzola dip.  The green goddess dip goes best with the broccoli and I love the plum sauce for shrimp and the chicken though the curry dip is good for chicken as well.  I don't do red meat so the hubs ate the beef and pork and I did the chicken and shrimp.  Nicely done!

Dessert chocolate.  I've had both the peanut butter chocolate and the Turtle.  GET THE TURTLE!  Both are good but the turtle is to die for.  Combine that with Jewel'sCupcake (soon to be cafe) gluten free espresso cream puffs and brownies and cheesecake...........foodgasm!  Seriously.  Better than, well you get the idea.

I wish they carried Jewel's items all the time to dip with.  Even her main course bread put into the chocolate was nom nom!

GO...........celebrate something.  Enjoy the atmosphere........dark, quiet.  Plan on spending three or four hours............of luxury eating!
I used to love the Melting Pot years back, but when I tried it again more recently, I couldn't remember for the life of me why.

The reason for my 2 stars is for the poor food quality. The only thing saving my review from one star is the comparable atmosphere and the concept. The concept is really fun, I mean, who doesn't like fondu? The cheese dip was just mediocre at best and tasted like something I could make at home by just melting down some cheddar cheese. The salad was nothing special and the meat/seafood wasn't a good quality. My biggest disappointment was the filet as it was super tough and fatty. Unfortunately, I expect more for the prices and my experience there left much to be desired.
My girlfriend and I went to The Melting Pot this past Saturday night and the experience was HORRIBLE.  It was 9:30 when we showed up and when we walked in we were greeted with a rude hostess.  She did not greet us but instead asked "What can I do for you?" with attitude.  Well, it's a restaurant, so I guess I was there to get my haircut!  When I responded a table for 2 she asked, again with attitude, if I had a reservation.  The restaurant was not even half full.  I said no, she then asked "well are you having a full course meal?" and I responded "Just dessert".  After waiting a about 3 minutes, we were finally sat.

The horrible experience did not end there.  It took TEN minutes before our waitress even came to our table.  They  had a full waitstaff that just kept walking by our table staring at us.  When our waitress finally did come, she was also rude and offered no pleasantries.  We order the Original for 2 and our drinks.  Everything was then served together.  I must say the chocolate fondue was delicious.  However, our waitress NEVER came back to check on us or refill our drinks or how our drinks and food were (For the record, the Cafe Mocha was ice cold).  And with heavy food like that, water is a must!  When we were done, she finally came over after I flagged her down, then asked if we wanted refills.  I said yes and the check.  Once I paid, she brought back my card and just left the checkbook on the table.  No "Thank you have a nice evening, Thank your for coming in", nothing.  

We were very excited about having a fantastic dessert but the rude staff there ruined the entire experience.  We will not be going back to the Scottsdale location.
I thought, it was a fun place. I enjoyed our time there and the food. The dipping dessert do-dad was bomb!! Cool place for a intimate dinner date for two. Different-fun way to inter-act and eat dinner together and spend sum quality time together. The food is good too!! I enjoyed our time there and dinner as well. I would go back again. The service was very good as well.
The Melting Pot won't allow you to book for six online and I think all of our problems began there.  We called in a reservation for our daughter's sweet sixteen birthday dinner.  Dinner at the Melting Pot was all she wanted. 

We arrived and our reservation was missing.  They nonetheless seated us, but I am going to be generous and say our server had too many tables.  Most of our evening was spent waiting for her to arrive for our order, for drink refills, to clear our dirty plates.  We were missing silverware for most of our entree course and couldn't find her to request cocktail sauce to accompany the shrimp.

I think the worst part is that this was supposed to be a very special dinner and the lack of service ruined it.  It would have been nice if the restaurant had bothered to even acknowledge it was our daughter's special night at all even with a "Happy Birthday" but considering we were missing silverware, a birthday greeting to our newly minted 16 year old was probably too much to expect.
My husband and I like to go Melting Pot to have dinner always. Everything was great so far. However, we were extremely disappointed with the food that they served yesterday.Yesterday we chose the special offer - Endless fondue. $36.95 per person. 

The filet mignon was not fresh at all and it has strange smell. I guess this was the worst filet mignon that i ever had in my life! The teriyaki marinated sirloin and prawns were great at first. However, when we asked to refill the teriyaki marinated sirloin and prawns, you can tell that those quality of the refillable sirloin and prawns dropped significantly. I guess those refillable food are cheap/sales stuff. I actually have the pictures with me. 

We have spent $111 yesterday but was extremely disappointed with the food quality. I was thinking to give feedback at their website but I couldn't as I have forgotten to take the receipt with me and we need to fill in the receipt number in order to give feedback to the Melting Pot website.  I will never tried their ENDLESS FONDUE again as I do not want to eat those lousy food. I like to go to the Melting Pot BUT i think i will STOP going as i cant believe that they served bad quality food to their customer at the moment. I was thinking to tell my friends to try this ENDLESS FONDUE at first. However, I would tell all my friends NOT to try their ENDLESS FONDUE now. 

I Hope that the Melting Pot will take note of this issue and please don't serve your customer with2nd/3rd grade food when your customers are willing to pay. I do not know the reason behind why you served bad quality food... Is that because of the price is cheaper or because of the business is not that good during this summer and you have tons of food in your freezer which are not fresh?
I've seen this restaurant all over the country but never went because I thought it was pricey for what you get.  Fortunately, Deal Chicken offered a $100 4-course meal and a bottle of wine for 4 people. Definitely worth the experience for that price. 

First of all the building and all the neighboring stores are dark at night. Not a very inviting complex if you've never been to the area.  However, the interior is decorated and set up very nicely, typical of a traditional steakhouse.  Be sure to ask for table with dual tops if you want to try different fondues. Kind of silly to force 4 people to agree on one item imo. 

Since we sat at a double stove, we got two cheese fondues, everyone had a house or ceased salad, then we get two entree hot pots (mojo and regular), then two desserts (we had yin/yang and bananas foster).  Overall the food quality was very good with a few misses. Bread pieces were cold and stale. Cake/cheesecake were dry. The house wine was pretty awful for this caliber restaurant, but I guess it never claims to be a wine place.  I didn't have problems with the filet as some others said. I was actually surprised by how tender the meat was. Other endless entrees were chicken, teriyaki steak,  shrimp, and a vegetable ravioli. You get to request as many refills of the entree items as you want.  Sauces were great and changed up each bite.

It's a fun and interactive meal. We spent 3 hours total, which I wasn't expecting so don't be in a hurry afterwards. Service started good but then she disappeared somewhere after the 2nd course.  

Overall: I wouldn't come back at regular prices.  Maybe just for dessert if you want a romantic date. Or simply have someone else pay. =)
What is up people?  The Melting Pot is THE place to go and escape from reality.  Wifey loves to go and duck into their cozy private booths :).  Why is everyone griping about prices?  They have BOTTOMLESS fondue for $36.95 per person.  That is 4 courses.  I don't think you can get 4 courses at Chili's for that cheap.  Delicious cheese, fresh salad, cook your own food in a pot entree (Can't blame the chef for anything).  Then the best course......chocolate.  Warm, luscious, decadent, wife pleasing.  

We just ate their for our 15th anniversary (yes...she is now eligible for Sainthood) and enjoyed this meal.  I don't know if these other reviewers actually listened to their server for cooking instructions (the food is raw...you cook it) but all my items were delicious.  As for refills...looked the same as what I originally got but on a smaller plate?  Oh and we had refills, believe me we took advantage of that.

This is the place to go and spend time with your better half and relax............

How does the Visa commercial go?  Oh yeah...2 four course dinners, 4 glasses of wine, tax and tip $135.  Reward when you get home....priceless!
We were here 3 - yes I typed three - hours for a meal with two little kids.  Very long waits between the courses with no attention from server.  Of the three hours at least 60 full minutes was spent without any food in front of us.  But the best part, incorrect charges on the bill.  Wines prices upcharged on actual receipt to 1.5X the price listed on the menu.  I asked the manager on duty why there was a discrepancy and he went behind the bar, got some cash and gave it to me.  Now mind you, it was of course, no where near the amount I was overcharged but I guess it relieved his conscience.  He handed me the money and said "It will take me too long to find out who your server was and look up the transaction, so here you go."  Unreal!  Food was average to below average and prices for what you get were a real rip off.  Original style broth that was recommended was so chock full of pepper you were downing water all night - if you could get a refill.  Save your money and time - go buy a fondue pot and do it at home.  You do all your own cooking here anyway so why not.  Will not return.  Hope this saves others a bad experience as well.
My BF decided to surprise me with The Melting Pot experience for our anniversary..I've always wanted to try it and have heard great things from friends.  The Melting Pot definitely did not disappoint! Our fondue aficionado, Kayla, was genuinely nice and made this special night one to remember.  We had the spinach & artichoke cheese to start...Yum!!! Especially on granny smith apples and the pumpernickel bread pieces. The California salad was pretty good, the dressing was REALLY good and the meat and veggie portions in round 3 were perfect. It doesn't LOOK like a lot of food, but trust me when I say your tummy knows the difference! Perfect portions. Last but not least...DESSERT! We had the turtle chocolate...O.M.G. it was heaven on a strawberry, rice krispie treat, pound cake and especially the brownie! The price wasn't too shabby as we did a special for about $40 per person, but heck you're paying for the ambient experience.  Thanks Kayla for making our anniversary one to remember.  We will be back!
We brought another couple to the melting pot, as I bought a 3 course meal for 4 from a on line discount offer. The parking lot is dark as well as the inside of this restaurant.
We had a reservation booked 5 days in advance. We were seated at a table with one cook burner. I did not know they were tables with two burner until I read other on line reviews. We all had to make a decision on what one cheese fondu , as we only had one burner. The salads are small, but OK. The house wine served with dinner was not great, but that's what our discount included. The main dinner was served and it all was of good quality. We all enjoyed our steak, chicken and shrimp. I asked for more steak and they brought more, as advertised. Our server was a very nice young man who did a very good job. They automatically add in a 18% tip, based on the total value of $160.00 and said, "contact the manager if you have any issues."  We didn't stay for dessert as we went out for ice cream. Over all, it was OK. If fondu is what you are looking for, this is your place.
This was my first time at the Melting Pot and it definitely won't be my last! The food was delicious, our server/waiter Jeremy was extremely nice, accommodating and explained everything we needed to know, making the experience all the better!  Plus, ending the night with a classic chocolate fondue was just the icing to a perfect meal.
I went to the Melting Pot with my mother, 7 year old daughter and boyfriend for my 37th birthday and it was awesome! This is such a fantastic place to have a nice dinner with people you care about. The food is amazing and the service is great. It took 3 hours for us to complete our 4 course meal. We chose to do the all you can eat style 4 course meal which includes a salad. We were stuffed!! I'd recommend this to anyone looking to have a great meal and spend time with people you care about and enjoy.
Bought a DealChicken special for our anniversary...Super happy!!

This was a terrific dining experience! Ambiance is romantic and quiet. The staff was attentive and helpful to use first timers. 

I have always wanted to do Fondue but hadn't until now. I wasn't disappointed! I read the Yelp reviews before hand, so I had an idea of what I was walking into. No surprise that dinner took 2 1/2 hours. But we were celebrating and I LOVE the company so no complaint! Celebrate we did! Our waiter was super in guiding us through the experience and helping us decide what flavors. Everything was really tasty! There is a seasoning that is called Garlic and Wine that they serve as a seasoning and we brought ourselves home a bottle and use it on all kinds of stuff, but mainly our salad. It was a good deal for only 7.98.

In conclusion, I don't really care to have my meat basically boiled so I wouldn't be a regular...But I will be back for the cheese dip and dessert portion of the meal. My honey on the other hand had no problem with the entire dinner and looks forward to returning.
Second time at the Melting Pot last night and it was just as amazing as the first. Our waitress suggested great drinks for me during our meal. The food was incredible, and its really a fun experience to cook it yourself at the table. Great concept for a restaurant. Upscale and classy. Will definitely be back!
My daughter took me here for my birthday and we had a wonderful meal!  I LOVE fondue!  For two people they offer the 4 course for one price (all you can eat), and it contained all the different fondues we love.  

The nice thing about eating here is it requires conversing.  So many Americans today don't sit and enjoy a meal and talk.  As cooking fondue is a process, you go from one course to the other in a relaxing and enjoyable style.  It is a little dark in there, but it provides for an intimate ambiance.  

The staff was fantastic.  A little slow the night we were there, but they didn't treat us like it.  Everyone wished me a Happy Birthday which was really nice.  Service was awesome, fondue was perfect. 

This restaurant provides a relaxing ambiance that is perfect for a special meal. I would recommend.
I decided to go out with some friends here for my 30th birthday and I am so glad we did! It was my husband and 2 other couples, and we sat in a nice, private booth and had the BEST time. We had 2 LivingSocials and got quite a deal. That's always a plus! The server was terrific and really added to our enjoyment. I like how they don't rush you out of there and really expect you to stay all evening. And we did - for over 3 hours!!! We got to try two cheeses, broths, and desserts since there were 6 of us so that was awesome. I had a really great time!
My best friend is a Melting Pot Groupie.  It is one of  her favorite places on earth and when a Groupon popped up, she persuaded me to give it another shot.  (I had been many, many years ago and while we enjoyed our meal, we thought it was overly expensive.)  

Our meal started out with a waiter who was clearly having some issues.  After being seated and mentioning our Groupon, you could almost see his face fall like we were The Table Of The Unwashed.  "Oh.  That's a different menu.  I'll go get those," as he whisked away our regular paying person menus and hoped that we would not choose to trim our toenails at the table.  

Shortly afterward, my bestie asked for the manager and explained that our server was providing a less than stellar (and I'm being generous here) experience.  To his credit, the manager apologized and replaced our server with one who seemed to enjoy her life.  

Beyond that, it was a lovely evening.  The waitress was friendly and engaging.  The food was good.  The drinks were good.  When the bill arrived, I still felt it was awfully expensive (even with the Groupon) given that we were cooking our own food.  I enjoyed myself but I will say that it's just not my thing.
This is a great spot for a date night.

We had a table right next to the fireplace.  
Our server was slow at first, but very kind and a lot of fun.

The food was delicious.  We had a cheese fondue, salads, and an endless meat fondue.  Keep in mind this isn't your typical restaurant.  You don't go and get served ready-to-eat food.  You get served food that you cook in the fondue pot.  If you're OK with that, this is a lot of fun.  It can get a bit overwhelming keeping track of cooking times, but it's worth it.

We regret not getting a chocolate fondue for dessert, but we were way too full.
Great anniversary dinner. Justifiably recommended by our friends.  Lovely and decadent. We loved it
My wife and I went here for our Anniversary, and , as always, enjoyed it immensely!! Service is outstanding, and it is such a great evening.. Love the choices you have, and the various courses. If you want something special to do for a restaurant, this is your place!!
It's not that I wouldn't tell people to go here but this is what I would tell you. 1. Do not ever go here with a pregnant woman. We went here for our anniversary and I am 6 months pregnant. They sat us first in a tiny little booth, my belly was already touching the table and I began to get claustrophobic. I have never seen a booth so small in my life. It is a total design error. Private booths yes, not tiny private booths in a cubby in the wall--so uncomfortable. We asked to be moved, which I really felt for a place where we were spending that much money should have probably noticed that I was pregnant and found me the best most comfortable seat in the house--instead they found us a table with torturously hard chairs. Then they told me the big surprise that this is a 2 hour dining experience--a 6 month pregnant woman cannot sit in hard chairs for two hours--again someone should have noticed this and offered a better seating. I tried to brave it, in between the painfully slow out lay of tiny courses--again not fit for a starving pregnant woman--for about 2 hours, finally after several trips to the bathroom just to get the feeling back in my legs my husband had to ask to be moved again to an obviously better spot next to us--an open, normal sized booth with a cushy seat. I liked our waiter, very friendly, and the chocolate fondue at the end of the endless fondue was to die for. I'd go back and specify that I want a normal sized booth and probably just get the cheese fondue and chocolate. The other entrees were okay, but bring me out my food not in a trickle feed. By the end we had spent 3 hours there, had to move twice and I was just exhausted by the end and we paid over $130 for the whole thing. I've been to nicer restaurants and paid as much for more caring service perhaps and amazing food. It was alright, but again there's just a lot to know about the melting pot before you decide to spend three hours there. If you're looking for a romantic time with just some light eating and conversation then that's what this place has to offer, but men before you bring your girl there make sure to request a normal booth, and maybe think about ordering a la carte if you don't want to wait hours for your 4-course meal to be done.
I love this place! I went there with a group of friends for my boyfriends birthday on December 19,2013 and our waiter was excellent and so was the food! The only weird thing was having to cook your own food, but other than that it was great. Get the turtle chocolate fondu, it's to die for!
I went here because there was a living social deal (or maybe it was groupon). Either way, the prices are so outrageous that I never wanted to check the place out. 
It was a fun experience and the food was good - I wouldn't go back again based on their normal prices (you're easily spending at least $120 for two people), but if there were another "deal" offer, I would go back. 
It's definitely worth trying at least once, just for the experience and the food is good too (but not amazing or anything).
So far the best and funniest dinner I have ever had! Can't wait to come back! Unlike anything I have ever had!
Who can say no to dipping things in cheese? Who can say no to dipping things in chocolate? I decided to have a small gathering for my birthday, and I have never been here before and have always wanted to try. I pretty much knew I was going to enjoy the food before setting foot in the restaurant (again, cheese and chocolate). It would have to be something pretty awful to make me dislike that. Since we were a big enough party, we could try two types of cheese, broth for the main entree, and chocolates. Our server helped us navigate the process well. I don't have a single complaint, other than I couldn't order a second entree on the endless fondue because I was already popping buttons on my pants. So. Much. Food. I also appreciated their selection of local brews, although I have a suggestion for them if they ever want to expand (Sonoran White Chocolate, anyone?)

Would I go again? Definitely. I wouldn't get the 4-course meal, that is really pricey. Probably just separate cheese and chocolate selections. A great place to splurge now and again.
My boyfriend and I went here for valentine's day. We were warned that we would be there for hours as the meal consisted of a lot of food. They were right! 
We went with the three or four course meal the restaurant was offering for the occasion, each course had a few limited options to choose from as it was the package deal. 
We chose and started off with a simple cheese fondue with a variety of deli meats and bread.  While I did not particularly enjoy the cheese fondue, (probably from the bitterness) my boyfriend really liked it. To each their own right? 
Next came our second course, I got the shrimp cocktail and my boyfriend got the salad. Boy was the sauce strong! But the the shrimp tasted fresh and was large and plump. 
For our third course we got a large pot of oil that came with a nice large amount of raw sample meat with a large variety if dips and sauces, such as steak, shrimp, heart shaped ravioli, vegetables etc.. I was in love with this spicy dipping sauce and had to ask for more!
It's important to note that this was all a meal for two, my boyfriend and I had to take our time as we were getting stuffed! We still had the dessert course which consisted or a  chocolate fondue with Bailey's liquor, served with a series of bite sized pastries and fresh fruit.
The reason I give this four stars is because after we were seated in the curtained couples booth, we sat idly for quite a while. We had thought we were forgotten! 
But once we got service our waitress made a nice save with her knowledge, recommendation on which meats paired well with which batter and sauce for frying, and the way she explained our courses with courtesy. Our meal ended with a nice little gift bag for a massage certificate, garlic wine seasoning, and a framed picture of our evening.
If I had the choice I would come back again.
Pretty delicious! The melting pot is always one of my favorites. The service is always great (Ashley didn't disappoint during our visit yesterday). The food is consistently delicious. The quality is good but it's up to you to prepare it correctly. My one complaint and the reason I gave 4 vs 5 stars, I was charged $39.95 for the endless fondue but the website and the manager informed me that it'd be $36.95. It's only a $3 difference but, hey, that $3 could have covered my coffee.
Went here tonight for dinner for AZ restaurant week, very good choice. The whole process takes about 2 hours but it is always nice to just relax during the meal. Both my boyfriend and I decided to get the cheddar cheese fondue and the bouillon fondue for the meats. Both very good. We also got the house margarita and a strawberry lemonade. Very good portion size for what you pay for and the slow pace of it makes so that you get full. We noticed that service was suuuuper slow though to get our main meal, but our server took the liberty of taking care of our drinks because of the wait. Great service! Hoping to be back soon to try the happy hour!
The fondue style is kind of fun and the service is outstanding. The food it's self was not real exciting. The "Cheddar Cheese" fondue was no where near cheese - I'm not sure what it was. My husband and his buddy had one drink and then were cut off. Our friend is a little loud and flamboyant so maybe they thought he was drunk. Anyway, it was kind of a bummer for my birthday. The place is ultra quiet. Maybe it's supposed to be romantic, but I think it would great for families and kids.
If you know what to expect in a fondue restaurant this is an excellent place. Much better service than the other locations in Az. Our server was friendly, nice and made the visit very pleasant. Ask for Mike D in your reservation comments section.
After two extremely disappointing trips to the Melting Pot in Ahwatukee, I was hesitant to try the Scottsdale location. I had some dip certificates that were about to expire, so I decided to give them another try. 

I am so glad that I did. Not only was the food amazing, but the service was excellent. Michael D. was the server, and he was friendly and professional. There were two managers walking around to make sure that everyone in the restaurant was satisfied, and I was very happy to honestly say that it was the best experience I've ever had at The Melting Pot in a long time. From now on, I'll only come to this location. If Michael is still there the next time I visit, I will definitely be asking for his section again.
I've been here a few times. A couple of times with the husband to enjoy a Groupon and a special menu option. And twice for ladies night with the co-workers since they do a special ladies night menu the first Tuesday of every month - which has a good price for all you get!

We almost always call ahead and make reservations - on ladies night, a reservation is a MUST since it fills up quickly.  The staff is always really friendly and they are more than happy to walk you through the process if you are new here.  The drinks are strong and the food comes in stages so you can really make this an great date night.  

I'd be torn to choose between the cheese appetizer and the chocolate dessert for my favorite part of the meal, but since I'm more of a sweet than salty fan, I'll go with the dessert.  They always have special check-in offers and from time to time they offer Groupons, as well.  If you sign up online for their mailing list, you'll get some decent offers there, too!

Overall: A
A great spot for a date night experience, ladies night out, or special dinner for a loved one! Be sure to seek out specials since it can get a touch pricey.
Great place for an entertaining dinner. It is expensive but the food/experience is wonderful. Dinner took a solid 2 hours.  I used to think fondue was only cheese....
We went to this place just so the kids could have some fun desert. I had been there a couple times before my kids were born (about 10+ years ago) and i thought we had a good experience, but things have changed now - for the worse. Place seems to be frequented by the rich old scottsdale clientele that arrive in their mercedes's and don't mind throwing 100bucks on what i would say is - mediocre food - and whats with being attended by snobbish waiters. We had one that barely showed up for taking the order, we could not get water on the table for a good 20 mins and had to ask the neighboring waiter - who also seemed to forget us - only when we called another waiter across the table did we get some water. The way it works is - you get a bunch of fruits and cookies and other dippers that you can dip in a bowl of molten chocolate. When the waiter showed up - he reminded us that if everyone on the table had a plate, we would have to pay 9$ each. I am not sure why he said that - as if we would not be able to afford it or something. I know the desert is overpriced  - but i m there with my family to have a good time. Take the order and bring back some food - and should not be too hard to smile when you do that. Anyways, he took the order and disappeared. Showed up after a while and had two plates - i was like - i just ordered food for all on the table - why skimp? i did not make a fuss - we still made sure the kids enjoyed and i still paid him the 20% gratuity- which he did not deserve. Piss poor service with mediocre food. Sad. I don't generally give out reviews, let alone bad ones, but i was not happy here.
Went to the melting pot for my husband and I's wedding anniversary a few weeks ago. The service was good the food was tasty, but now I remember why we don't go very often ..because it is so darn expensive and you cook your own food!! It was nice to have the photo of us that they took as a memento, however that was the extent of the anniversary goodies. (They have an anniversary package that they make you pay extra for which we did not get). The restaurant was also super dark inside. Probably won't be going back anytime soon since our bill was well over $100.. Yikes..
The Melting Pot is one of my favorite restaurant chains ever. Mostly, because I love fondue. I am a foodie, and this restaurant has a wonderful selection of meats, cheese, and dessert options. I recommend the Bananas Foster Fondue for dessert and for the best bargain I recommend the "Big Night Out" if your in a group of two because it includes the cheese course, the entree course, and the dessert course all for $89 per couple.
Located in Boca Park at the corner of  Charleston and Ft. Apache.  Accross from Office Depot.

A great place for a fun night out.  Be it an intimate dinner for two or for a large group like our entire office, the Melting Pot is a fun and delicious way to spend an evening.  Honestly, even at a bare minimum, expect to spend at least three hours there.

We went for one of the the pre-made combinations called "The Big Night Out", since it had everything that we wanted. Filets/Duck/Lobster YUM

The combinations consist of three courses.

- The Appetizers - a selection of fresh veggies, breads and cheeses with your choice of fondue using a variety of cheeses.  Cheese on Cheese... it's such a delicious crime YUM

-The main course - Consisting of fresh meats(Filets, Chicken, Duck) and possibly seafood(Lobster, Shrimp, etc) depending on which combo you ordered. And your choice of stock.  We went for the coq au vin which is chicken broth with scallions, red wine, etc.

-Desserts - We went for the Yin Yang, which is a variety of brownies,marshmallows (Graham Covered/Oreo Covered) and fruits.  The best part is the fondue consisting of white and dark chocolate arranged into a Yin/Yang symbol.  Awesome presentation.

Our server was extremely helpful as this was our first visit and patiently and humorously explained everything to us.

One thing that made my eyebrow raise though is the fact that they charged us the full adult price for my 8 year old nephew.   So just be aware of this if you are planning on bringing kids.

If I recall correctly the combos are about 75$

- Reservations are HIGHLY recommended.  As mentioned earlier,  dinner here takes a few hours, so they can only serve a few groups per night.

- This place is always a great date idea if you want some guaranteed quality time toget to know your partner. (Just make sure you can entertain her/him for the entire 3 hours or else it'll be torture)

- To complement the Yin/Yang dessert, they also have a Chocolate Martini that is also presented in Yin/Yang fashion.
I can't wait to go back here.  What a great time for a date or a small group.  The set menu is definitely the way to go.  Very rarely do I walk out of places saying "What a f--king great meal!  When can we go back?" but this was definitely one of them.
I've dined at "The Melting Pot" @ Boca Park several  times now and I do enjoy it.  The experience is very unique.  But plan on being there for at least 2 hours.  It's not cheap either.  But I think everyone should try this restaurant at least once.   My family and I enjoy it very much.  The food is delicious and the service is good.  They are always busy.  Best of all, you can make your reservations online.  Fondue is not for everyone so don't go if you like to eat in a hurry or with a large party.  But if you want a truely different dining experience, try The Melting Pot.
when i'm too lazy to pull out my own fondue, we go here.

we recommend the lobster indulgence on the big night out menu.  the tale begins with a pot of truffle oil induced cheese accompanied with bread, veggies, and apples.  a bowl of salad with kalamata olives follows.  then, a bullion base filled cauldron with a good dose of wine (coq au vin).  this is where the steak, two tails, chicken, pork, and shrimps come in.  and, last, but my favorite, a vessel of yummy chocolate with alcohol!

they have a decent wine list.  but, if you don't want a headache thinking about it, like me.  i recommend that you take on the flight.

if you go with in a group of four, be sure to ask or the double burner table with your advance reservation.
This place was soooo cool. We did the Big Night Out, which consisted of salad, cheese, meat and dessert. For the meat we did the Fondue Feast (Filet Mignon, sirloin steak, chicken, pork tenderloin, shrimp, ravioli and rigatoni), which was really good. At first I was skeptical about the whole cooking process -- this was my first fondue experience. But I am still alive so the stuff did cook! 

Best part: Disaronno Meltdown for dessert (white chocolate and amaretto). YUMMY!! 

I would definitely recommend this place for the food and experience. It was a bit on the pricier side. We just happened to drop in without reservations about 30 mins before closing (unbeknowest to us), and they were gracious enough to take us anyways. I felt bad because we kept our waiter like an hour past closing but he was so cool about it, we left him a huge tip. That's the other thing -- if you do the various courses, it takes TIME, so you're not gonna be in and out in an hour. 

Overall, great ambiance and food!
Only go for dessert or the cheese fondue. The main entree is a rip-off and not good. The ying-yang chocolate fondue is heavenly.
I went with a group of seven. I went with people had already known what to do so it was easy. So i'm passing the tips to Yelp.
To start for a group, like ours, the Bignite meal which normally serves two.. will work. You get the cheese fondue, the salad and then we added on two platters of meat and the chocolate paradise(as i call it) It's weird having to cook our own food, but then if a hair got in it, i know who to blame :) :) 
I also ot the ying yang Martini and me and the boyfriend couldn't help but savor each sip. The duck, heavenly, the chicken in the batter was even better.
The bailey's irish chocolate was the best and the service was excellent.
This place is best with friends and family because the food isn't served quickly, and nor should it. It was great having fun with friends and great food.
 ALSO THE service was fantastic! OUR server was the best. He had two tone hair color. I can't remember his name but the best. Also it isn't for the cheapies but there are ways to get discounts like restaurants.com :) we got 25 dollars off. 
The boyfriend says it's made of awesome.. so there guys. That's for you.
Also the decor and setting is low light and modern. Very clean. :)
Came here for my 30th Birthday, it was a great choice. Our server was Ed and he was truly terrific! Plan to drop at least $50 per person, I think it's well worth it. Also, if you're in a hurry don't even think about coming here, takes at least 2 hours of your dining pleasure... You got your cheese fondue, your salad, the main course, then here comes dessert. The dessert is the very best part of the meal, everything is high quality and tasty as hell. The rice crispies dipped in milk chocolate has to be my favorite, WOW... you will absolutely love it. The cheese fondue is pretty good, the salad is like the filler, you don't really need it but it tasted good. The sirloin marinated in balsamic vinegar is the bomb! The little sauces they provide gives the meat & seafood a nice touch, experiment with your dipping sauce and get a new flavor sensation in every bite. I sound like a freakin commercial, anyway, it's a nice place for "special occasions" When you stop by the Summerlin, Nevada location on Charleston, make sure you say hi to Ed and ask him to do the "stank leg" for you... lol he'll know what you mean.
The Melting Pot's of Vegas/Henderson have closed :-(.  This sucks!
My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate his dad's b-day. I actually had gone to the melting pot three times prior to this. The prior times I had gone were only for appetizers and dessert, and our parties were only the max of four. 

My first two times, I had the cheese appetizer, specifically the Wisconsin trio I believe, was delicious. They offer a variety of breads to try with the cheese, as well as some vegetables. These were great with the cheese selected. 

I had tried some mediocre fondue desserts, but this was great! It is offered with either dark chocolate, white chocolate, or both. They give you a plate of fruits, crackers, rice crispy treats, and marshmallows. 

After these encounters, I never had enough room to fathom eating the main entre plates.  

So for my boyfriend's dad's b-day, It was the first time for fondue for about 8-10 of us. I know I had really had high expectations for the main course. We ran into some big problems. First, there were only 2 pots for all of us, This caused a lot of fork tangling. The fondue forks were all colliding with each other and everyone had to move their fork when somebody wanted to take his or her own fork out. Second, the two cooking "methods" were vastly different from each other and no meat was suited for either of them. The filet mignon was just OK. I mean would you want fried filet mignon? 

Lastly, we tied up our meal with the dessert fondue, which was absolutely delicious (as expected) 

Conclusions: Go for the cheese appetizer and chocolate dessert and expect a high price. In a restaurant like this you're paying for the amount of time spent at the table because there is hardly any turnover (our group was there for 2 hours). Skip the entree unless you like pouched or fried meat. The main problem with the food is the cooking method. Also, a timer really would have been nice for those of us concerned about food safety.
I should have written this review a while ago. Took the F there for her birthday in late January. Fantastic.

Everyone from the hostess to the manager wished her a happy birthday on her way in, they had a birthday card waiting for her on the table, and the waiter knew it was her birthday as well. This restaurant has the most put together staff of anywhere I've been in a while. The waiter rivals the one from my Maggiano's review, and will be mentioned more later, but I really believe you won't be treated better in any Las Vegas restaurant then you will be in The Melting Pot.

I've never been to a Melting Pot before but she had so she explained the menu before we went. They have a meal called a 'Big Night Out' which is a 'course' menu; a cheese fondue, a salad, an entree fondue, and a dessert fondue. When we went the traditional menu was supplemented with an Alpine themed menu, which gives an additional option for the cheese, salad, and dessert course, but we were encouraged to pick and choose what mixes we would like from the traditional menu as well. Quite nice. 

We went with the Alpine menu's cheese and salad course, the court bouillon entree cooking style, and bananas foster dessert. I thought the cheese course was very good. If you opt for the Alpine cheese course be sure to try the pickles in the fondue. It sounds odd but was one of the highlights of the meal. The salad was acceptable but we decided we would probably go with a different choice next time. The entree was fantastic, and the dessert was one of the best we've ever had. We rarely order dessert but it was well worth it here; if you're also the type that usually passes, make this the exception.

Again, service was excellent. Our waiter was spot on, very polite and attentive. Able to answer all questions and he made some great recommendations.  

I don't recall them having liquor or beer, but they have a very nice wine list. I was able to find some liquor on the dessert menu which was a nice surprise. They've got a fair selection of cordials, cognacs, and brandies and a nice collection of scotch, if that's your thing. I'm not a scotch man, so I'll have to take my father here and report further.

Obviously, if I haven't said it enough, this was a great night out, especially considering it was her birthday. A great restaurant with a great staff.
Been here twice for the full experience. Once for a gal pals birthday in Rancho Cucamonga, Ca.Another time for our anniversary at this location. Few times for dessert.

Did big night out both times- comes with a salad, cheese fondue, a entree with various meats and seafood and veggies with a cooking pot of liquids/spices to cook meat in, and a dessert fondue. 

I find this fun. I like to do japanese shabu shabu so the entree cooking is real similar but I see that its not for everyone though specially people who dont quite know how to gauge how done their food is get frustrated or grossed out by this. They give you a lot of flavor options and to me some dont work- I like to cook in coq au vin and dip mostly veggies and seafood in the various sauces, marinated meats I eat rather plainly. BF and I enjoyed doing this and we were sooo stuffed, uncomfortable even from all the food.

 I recommend at least for people to do the cheese or dessert as those can be appealing to anyone. I love the dessert pots here and would come just for the dessert. I really like the disaronno one- amaretto with white chocolate and they rotate new flavors and some have been very good.
I came here with my boyfriend the other week for dessert for the first time.

It was very dark inside the restaurant. I actually thought the place was closed from the outside since it was so dark. I liked it, it had a very private setting. The tables were very private as well, you don't even really realize that there are other people seated around you.

Since we came for dessert it was pretty easy to decide on what we wanted, so we just ordered the regular YinYang Fondue which was $28 and was half dark choco and half white choco and a lot of dippers. It was all SO delicious. The chocolate went so well with all of the dippers. I guess the only dipper I didn't like was the marshmallow, but that's only cuz of texture. I totally want to come back here as soon as I can. The staff was also extremely nice and welcoming with smiles on their faces and lots of greetings. We got our dessert right away too, we barely had to wait. I really loved it here, I can't wait to come back!
This place is good, I am not doubting that at all. The only thing you have to consider is the price. For a party of three we all payed almost $100 bucks a pop. This was for everything including wine and desserts. A bit pricey. Also, do not forget that this dinner will last you a good 3 hours as you guys go through the whole shebang!!. It is a good place to go for special occasions.
Cheese and Chocolate and everything in between!  They were closed for a while, sure glad they reopened.  Great date spot or to share a family style night with friends.

I always say that I should only come here for the dessert but somehow always get roped in for one of their combo meals.  Really I could just go for the Cheese starter,skip the "dinner" and go straight to dessert.

Dinner portions at the melting pot always scares me because of the cross contamination thing and "boiling" protein in the same pot...In addition you get full off all the protein and have to miss out on the pound cake dipped in chocolate.

A little pricey but it's like teppan, your paying for the experience.
For me, The Melting Pot is one of those places that you go to for one reason.  Like how there was only one reason to ever watch Baywatch (Pamela), or only one reason to watch Nascar (crashes).  With the Melting Pot, you're not going for the models or piles of wrangled metal, you're going for the dessert.  

My first visit was exactly that, a trip to Melting Pot with a group of friends to find some tasty dessert.  Being chocolate fiends that night, our group of six ordered:

Cookies 'n Cream Marshmallow Dream: Dark chocolate topped with marshmallow cream, flambed, swirled together and garnished with crushed Oreo cookies.

Flaming Turtle: Milk chocolate, caramel and chopped pecans, flambed tableside.

Both desserts were absolutely delicious, and were served with fresh strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, Rice Krispies treats, marshmallows, pound cake and brownies to dip into the fondues.  All of these dippings went well with the chocolate-y fondue.  Though, if you go with friends, go for the pound cake and brownies first before they get to it...

Fast forward a couple weeks and my friend and I come here for dinner.  Our meal consisted of:

First Course: Feng Shui Cheese Fondue, served with bread, vegetables and apples

Salad: The Melting Pot House Salad with Peppercorn Ranch Dressing (delicious!)

Entree: Pacific Rim - teriyaki sirloin, shrimp, pork, duck, chicken and potstickers.

At the end of the meal, both my dining partner and I agreed that the overall experience was good, but not great.  I'm glad that I've had a chance to experience a meal here, but nothing blew me away.  I actually felt sad that we were too full to not make it to dessert, which would have been the best part!  

I will say this, though: I much prefer the shabu shabu/sukiyaki experience.  Having one pot per person and using chopsticks to eat just seems to make everything go smoother; compared to one pot and six skewers sticking out the top of it.  Four stars thanks to the dessert!
I went here for my bday last year in 2009. This has to be the best fondue I have ever had. Not only was the food delicious, our waitress, Amanda, was an amazing. She was very attentive and extremely friendly. There was a card and flowers waiting for me on our table that my boyfriend had the staff place. We ordered the Fondue Fusion which, for the first course, included our choice of cheese fondue, salad, a main course, and dessert. We picked the Traditional Cheese Fondue made up of Gryere and Emmenthaler Swiss cheeses, white wine, garlic, nutmeg, lemon and Kirschwasser. The cheese came with bread, apples, and veggies to dip. I absolutely love cheese, however this mixture was a bit too bitter and I would not order it again. For the next course we ordered a Caprese Salad made up of mixed field greens topped with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes and basil with a balsamic glaze. The third course was the main course which consisted of a Lobster Tail, Filet Mignon Florentine, Limoncello Balsamic Sirloin, Shrimp Diablo, Sun-dried Tomato Chicken, Orange Fennel Pork Tenderloin, Porcini and Portobello Sacchetti, and Fresh Vegetables. While all those meats were delicious, next time, I dont think I would order all of them. Since we ordered the fondue fusion, we got every kind they had, they have different options with less amounts. We picked a canola oil spiced blend to cook the meat in, since they do give it to you raw, and you cook it yourself. Finally the dessert course came....it was AMAZING. We had a Chocolate S'mores fondue, made with milk chocolate, marshmallow fluff, and crushed graham crackers. To dip in the chocolate was strawberries, bananas, pound cake, brownies, rice crispy treats, cheesecake and marshmallows. I dont think you could go wrong with any of the choices of chocolate, they all sounded delicious. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, and would definitely go back again. However when and if you do go, be prepared to spend at least $100-150.00.
Came here when I first moved to Vegas five years ago.  Thought it was a fun experience (since I never had fondue and I love cheese), food was alright nothing special.  It is a little pricey for what you get.  I felt the items you dipped in the cheese fondue were not the best quality.  The best part of the meal was desert.  Haven't been back since, but I guess it's something to experience at least once.
This place is excellent for a group.  Expect to stay for atleast 2 hours.  An ideal dinner there includes cheese (the fiesta is my fav), a salad, your entree, and chocolate fondue for dessert.  I recommend getting the turtle chocolate fondue.  The garlic and wine seasoning is good for everything.  They provide you with probably 10 different sauces for your main course, but I normally stick to the green goddess sauce.  I usually dump the potatoes and veggies in the pot and leave the steaks and other meats in the broth for approx 2 mins (depending on how rare you want your steak).  The amount of food they give you for your main course looks very little, but you will be stuffed in the end.  Overall, the food and ambiance was excellent.  Good place to take first dates.  :)
I can see why they closed for a while. probably will again soon. We tried to eat there. It was 6:10 pm, we didn't have a reservation. There was no line, nobody waiting and only two tables with people at them. Never the less we were told it would be minimum of an hour wait but probably longer. I understand that it is a slow paced dinner, but that is ridiculous. needless while we were deciding where to spend our dinner money not one other person went anywhere near the restaurant. I've eaten at the melting pot in other states, it wasn't ever that great to wait over an hour for, but at least they knew how to seat their customers. At least I won't feel the need to go back.
I love the idea that you get to watch your food as it melts or cooks until your liking. Must try the dinner for two: salad, cheese fondue, entree, & dessert. This is a place worth experiencing.
Excellent food, good atmosphere and great service!  The waiter was very attentive, but not overly so.
I have been here several times, and it never disappoints.  The servers, as usual, were very friendly and extremely helpful.  They spent a lot of time describing the menu and helping us order for a group of 6.

When you come here, be prepared for AT LEAST a 2 hour meal.  It might go faster if you skimp on the number of courses.  We had all four so it took us awhile.  We had a cheese, salad, entree, and dessert course.

Since we are a group of 6, we had up to 2 choices of cheeses as well as cooking styles for the entree later on.  Both cheeses were good - the spinach and artichoke and the special from the Big Night Out - which had a whole brie in it! Cheese are served with bread and some veggies.

I liked the mojo, and the coc au vin would probably have been better had the alcohol form the wine (poured in at the table) cooked out.  We picked out 3 a la carte entrees, and that was plenty for 6 of us.  We, after all, had to save room for the dessert.

Dessert is on a separate menu and there's a lot to choose from.  Since we were all pretty full, we just got one large dessert (instead of 2 regular sized) to share.  It comes with marshmallows, cheesecake, strawberries, bananas, pound cake, and brownie.  The chocolate was flambeed (oooh, fire) and was totally yummy. (We got the one with marshmallow, I cannot remember the name of it).

I'll be back. It's usually a once a year type event for me. :)
The four courses big night out menu is good value and a good try.  The first course is cheese dip (melting cheese in white wine) veg.  If you like sharp, choose their swiss.  The second is salad, you can choose any salad they have in salad menu, I chose the California salad, which is really good.  Their default salad has beet and egg, not my favorite.  The third course you have three choices, meat meat meat.  Difference is, meat, or with 1 lobster, or with 2 lobster tails, with veg and several sauces.  I feel the blue cheese sauce goes with beef really well. There is a free soup base, and two other with extra charge.  The last was the best, their desert.  You can choose any chocolate base, we chose the Yin and Yang.  There are white and black mush mellow, crispy rice, cheese cake, and the last not least, the strawberry, which we found the best dipping in the Yin and Yang.  Next time, I will only order the desert, like Anthony M.
I heard some good things about this place, my honey took me for my birthday after Christmas and I was so disappointed. First thing we decided we did not want "the big night out" when we ordered just cheese the Waitresses attitude totally changed to a snippy rude attitude maybe because we weren't getting food...
The things to dip in the cheese were horrible carrots that were too small to poke, bread that was old and crusty and apples that were soggy.
I would not go back to this place ever; we will make fondue at home for cheaper :) I didn't get the chocolate that everyone raves about because we were so disappointed with the cheese.
The Melting Pot really never disappoints..

For our last visit, we got the four course option.

The first was the cheese fondue.  We ordered the option from their special French themed menu.  It was a mix of Brie and a few other fancy sounding cheeses with bacon and truffle in there.  It was served with the customary bread, apples, and veggies.  This cheese option was just OK.  However, I'm not gonna deduct any stars just because I'm not the biggest fan of the cheeses in this fondue.  I would definitely ask the waiter for a recommendation when it comes to the cheese.  We usually do, however, the guy who took our order didn't seem to have the knowledge/experience of their usual waiters.  He was quickly replaced by a more experienced waiter when our cheese came out.  Apparently, he was a busboy that is training to be a waiter.  Anyway, always ask for a recommendation with cheese.  On previous trips, we had plans to order the special cheese and our waitress recommended against it and offered other choices that were popular.  Try the mexican style cheese fondue it's definitely the best!  Gourmet nachos!

Next came the salads, which also don't disappoint.  My girlfriend and I always order the house salad with house dressings.  So good!  My sister got a caesar and my mom got the house salad with the peppercorn ranch.  They both liked their salads as well.  

Although we decided last time not to order entrees, because it was just too much food, we still got them this time.  You have to get the Coq au Vin oil/seasoning/broth mixture to cook your entree in.  It is by far the best option.  On all of our other trips, we would get the mojo which is a citrus/caribbean option.  The broth makes all the difference because it alters the flavor of every dish.  The mojo is good, but only if you don't mind the citrus flavor in every dish.  We ordered two of the special fondue fushion options.  This is the best option if you are interested in ordering all four courses, because it comes with more choices on your entree plate and costs about the same as ordering a la carte.  It came with lobster, filet mignon, ny strip steak, chicken, duck l'orange, shrimp, and these little raviolis.  Every single option was delicious and well marinated/seasoned.  The sauces also go better with the entree options when you use the Coq au Vin.

Last but not least, we got the original chocolate fondue.  There's not much to say, but this is perfection.  They seemed a little cheap with the dippers as they usually come back and ask if you'd like any additional.  We asked for some bananas and the waiter seemed a little stingy when he offered to get some.  But that's ok.  It's still delicious.
Melting Pot is a great place to go with friends. If you do the "Big Night Out" (which I highly recommend), your experience will be between 2-3 hours. You get to choose a cheese fondue for your first course, with veggies & bread for dipping. Each person gets to choose a salad (I miss the old mushroom salad, but the new one is good). Then a cooking style for your main course (Coq a Vin is delicious, and the regular boullion is not bad at all). And lastly, you choose from a chocolate fondue for your dessert plate, all are delicious!
If you have 6 people you end up with 2 burners, and you can choose 2 cheese, cooking styles & chocolates.
Drinks are a little expensive, and the food is slightly overpriced, but in my opinion you are paying for the experience. Good times!
Wasn't really prepared for a 2-3 hour dining experience; however, I decided to "trip the light fantastic"  This place was low-key, dim lighting, private booths, but....bread was stale, carrotts and veggies weak, beer/cheese fondue o.k.  Deep fat fried meat, don't know what cardioligist would say.......but I thought it sucked.  Save the fondue experence for France.  Should have gotten the whole enchillada with three courses, but I would have fallen asleep waiting for the food.  Wife and I went out to eat someplace when we were fnished.  If I go back, I wouldn't do it.
The PERFECT date night dinner........in my ever so humble opinion! 

On my first date with my husband, which was practically a BLIND date, he brought me to the Melting Pot. I had never been there before because I was the epitome of the BROKE college kid, and had succumb to the realization that I probably never would. When his invitation arose to join him there for dinner, I was beyond words EXCITED! 
As a female, you'd think I'd be fretting over what to wear that night or how my hair looked, but not I. I was worried about devouring massive amounts of food.......I had heard all about the goodness, and God knows I LOVE TO EAT!!! 
The lighting is very dim, creating a romantic ambiance, and the booths are SMALL.........you have no choice but to get close! Each table is equip with one burner, so if you're not a sharing person, this might not be your cup of tea! 
We shared the BIG NIGHT OUT.....it consisted of a cheese fondue, salads, entree and DESSERT. Holy heck, that was A LOT of food! I seriously could have stopped after the cheese fondue, but then the salad arrived and it looked so fresh and appetizing. After pacing myself, the entree portion was placed in front of us. There was a variety of veggies, meats and seafood to choose from, plus six or so dipping sauces! Dessert.........my absolute favorite part of any meal.........didn't disappoint! Different varieties of chocolate to choose from, plus pound cake, bananas, strawberries, rice krispie treats and brownies! 
*Let me take a moment........................SIGH!* 

I love this place! I love the atmosphere.......I love watching my food cooked in front of me.........I LOVE THE FOOD..........it's simply just GREAT! 
We don't get back often enough, but that's alright by me. Eating like that should only happen during the holidays! :)
Wow, what a great experience. I have dined at The Melting Pot several times before, but had not been there in a while. 

We ordered the gluten-free 'Big Night Out' and it was awesome. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable in the "gluten-free area" and it made our experience that much more enjoyable. He was very friendly, kind but not at all intrusive. 

Highly recommended -- it's the perfect date night spot.
Considering how little food you actually get.... yes, you could say the Melting Pot is overpriced.  But let's face it -- you're paying for the experience as much as (if not more than) the food.  The waiters are extremely knowledgable and professional.  And the whole cooking-your-own-food experience is really fun and different.

 If you want a romantic dinner that is guaranteed to last at least 2 hours (probably more like 3), you can't ask for a better place.  Make sure you request one of the little corner, 2-seater booths!
You wouldn't believe this if I tell you that this is definitely the PERFECT family restaurant, great for kids!  Well, if your kids are cheese fanatics like mine are...oh, and I guess I should add that they are also chocolate fanatics as well, but what normal kid isn't a fan of chocolate?

We dined here on "Mommy's" birthday, and although everyone touts this place as being very "romantic" and "perfect for date night," I will have to admit...we looked beyond that and thought of the kids first.  They completely enjoyed having to dip their own food into the cheese fondue and more!

The Melting Pot is an amazing restaurant that really defines a great dining experience.  Don't dine here if you are looking to feast on some heavy dishes.  Come here for the great interactive experience of dipping your bite-sized morsels into a variety of fondue to capture this experience popularized by its origin countries of Switzerland and France.

We chose the prix fixe menu, their 4-course Big Night Out menu.  To start, we had their Spinach and Artichoke Cheese Fondue made of Fontina and Butterkase Cheeses, perfect for the kids.  It is accompanied with fresh bread, apples, and vegetables.  The second course is their salad course.  We chose their Shrimp Ceviche w/Avocado Salad...tasty, but a bit on the over-dressed, tangy side.  Next was the entree course.  We requested the Lobster Indulgence which included 2 tails, NY strip, chicken provencal, white shrimp, duck a l'orange, and a ravioli (or potsticker).  If that isn't enough, you can order more a la carte.  We chose the Mojo fondue which is a citrus, garlic and cilantro flaired bouillon w/Caribbean seasonings.  Had the kids not been there, I would have opted for the more traditional Coq Au Vin fondue...always love me some red wine!  And of course, lastly, the dessert fondue!  Dark chocolate w/a bit of dulce de leche and a sprinkle of Fleur de Sel, or sea salt.  Truly decadent!  Choices to dip?  Strawberries, bananas, pound cake, brownies, cheesecake, rice krispie treats, and oreo-crusted and graham cracker-crusted marshmallows, were all inhaled within minutes...mainly by the children, of course.  Did I mention that this place is a perfect family restaurant?

Their wine list is also amazing, nationally recognized as one of the best in any national restaurant chain.  Mommy & Daddy were able to say *C*H*E*E*R*S* w/a bottle of Old World Red, 2005 Rioja Reserva, Marquesde Riscal.  Very smooth!

Service is upscale and very friendly.  Although a bit pricey, my husband and I, along with the 2 kids, enjoyed our dinner and celebrating our special occasion here.  Highlight of the night was my son constantly raving this place to be 5-stars, 6-stars after he had the dessert.  My reason for the 4-star rating is simply this:  I'm a fan for this dining experience, but I don't think this is a place to dine often enough other than to celebrate a yearly occasion.  Yet, I have to say that The Melting Pot is truly spectacular!
This was a great experience to be had! There were 4 of us that went and we had a fun time playing with our delicious courses. I have to say of you have not tried it here you are missing out. The dessert portion was delightful and the steaks and fish were great! We will revisit this place again.
Good food, Amanda is awesome server but lighting is awful.
This place is pretty cool. It's expensive but I love it. My husband and I went and did the four course meal. First we got a salad, then an appetizer of cheese with bread, apples and vegetables to dip into it. Then we got meat and cooked it at our table. Then we had dessert; we did the salted chocolate and to dip into it they gave us: bananas, strawberries, cheesecake, rice crispy treats, pound cake, oreo marshmallows, and graham cracker marshmallows. 

I would come back here but I would just do the cheese (appetizer) and the dessert. The salad was good, but not anything special. And the meat was fine, but it was more like stew, and you had to be sure you cooked it enough. It's a pretty cool place, it does take a good 2 hours if you do all four courses, but it's fun.
I seriously love this place.  Where else can you spend 3 hours just eating???  My wife and I have been coming here for the last 5 years and have never left disappointed.  Kevin was an Awesome waiter very friendly and knew he answer to every question we had in regards to the menu.  Once again we left full and happy.  Make sure you call in your reservation ahead of time and plan on spending a couple hrs. eating.  If you like privacy like I do they have some couples booths in the back of the restaraunt that are the best if you ask nicely they'll save one for you with your reservation and you won't have to deal with lost patrons walking past your booth looking at you.  The food is phenominal and its just an all around good time. Can't wait to go again
It's been a long time since I was able to get over to this place but I can say that it was a fantastic meal.  The food was great, service was spectacular and atmosphere very hip.
If you want a proper meal, dont go here
If you want good delicious food, dont go here
If you want your food to be freshly cooked for you, dont go here
If you want to feel hungry after your meal go here
If you are a vegitarian, you will like it here
If all you like is smelly unauthentic cheese, go here
If you read this whole post, you get my point
I LOVE THE MELTING POT!! 

I don't "heart" it, that's lame. 

I LOVE IT!! 

I ate here for the first time in 2007 and totally enjoyed the whole experience! The inside is so not what you'd expect from the outside of the restaurant, and that's a good thing!! It's dimly lit in the dining area, which sets the mood if you're there with your sweetie! But good for a group also! 

After years of yearning to return to The Melting Pot (even though I saw one in Portland, OR the 3 times I've been there with my sister...she never wants to eat there!), I finally got to return to their Summerlin location and introduce this lovely place to my BF. 

We decided to get their Big Night Out 4 course meal and change up the options. For salads, he got the house and I stuck with their Latin theme which was a shrimp ceviche salad. Both were excellent, but I liked my salad the best! 

For the cheese fondue, we switched the queso cheese for their spinach artichoke cheese fondue. It came with carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, cubed bread, and cubes granny smith apples. Soo yummy!! 

Our main dish (I forget what it was called) had lobster tail, filet mignon, shrimp, 2 other meats, and ravioli. The broth we chose to cook them in was their garlic one (I can't remember what it was called!). But everything was soo delicious! Of course the waiters tell you the suggested cooking times for everything, but we quickly lost track of time! 

Dessert was switched for their Cookies and Cream Marshmallow Dream, which was made with dark chocolate. The dippers it came with were: cubed rice krispie treats, cubed pound cake, strawberries, marshmallows, and pineapples...soo good!! 

ps: the first time I dined here, I was able to make reservations via OpenTable, but not anymore :( You can still make reservations online through their website, though! 

Our server was very nice and helpful, he was very patient with us while deciding what to eat and drink! I got the wine pairings for the Latin Big Night Out meal - and they were all pretty good. 

I must say - I do love the personalized napkins they have in their bathrooms - they're soo thick and of good quality!! And the mints they give you with the bill and have upfront are also good! We also bought 3 bottles of their garlic and wine seasoning for our families, which my sister said goes really well with mac and cheese!
The Melting Pot is always a great choice for a relaxing romantic dinner. We went last night and got the Latin Big Night Out. 

We started off with several delicious drinks, which are not too expensive. We got the Swiss Cheese Fondue to start. Yum! Comes with apples, veggies and bread. Then we both ordered the California salad. You could almost make a meal out of just those two items. 

We got the Fondue Fusion and it came with Filet Mignon, Lobster, Chicken, Shrimp, Pork, and Sirloin. We ordered the mojo cooking style which is a citrus and it is good! It also comes with red potatoes and veggies. The server brought out about 8 different sauces. All good! 

We ended with chocolate turtle desert fondue. So good. 

Warning, if you don't want to cook your own food, dont come here. If you are in a hurry, dont come here. If you dont like fondue, dont come here. If you dont like simple preparation, dont come here. 

Other than that, I love melting pot. The boothes are secluded and it is nice, romatic and good.
We went there for my husband's birthday. I made a reservation online on their website the same day. It was very convenient. The atmosphere is very intimate and romantic. Staff was friendly, our waiter was polite and professional. We decided for the 4 course menu and had traditional Swiss cheese fondue (the kirschwasser was a little too bitter for my husband. I liked it, but since I have lived in Switzerland and have had real Swiss fondues there its kinda hard to impress me;) lol). The mushroom and spinach salad was ok, nothing special. The entree was by far my favorite. There was ahi tuna, shrimp, teriyaki beef and thin slices of steak, and chicken, plus fresh mushrooms,  broccoli, and potatoes. The chocolate fondue was pretty tasty as well. I asked to substitute marshmallows for extra strawberries and they brought us an extra bowl of strawberries. I thought that was nice. And there was a birthday candle on the cheesecake for my husband. The experience is a little pricy but well worth it. Will probably go back for another special occasion.
HERE WE GO!!! So this place is pretty much amazing great food great staff and just an amazing experience for a fondue restaurant the only thing was it was a little pricey but it was my b day and my loving amazing and so talented and beautiful and successful wife took me to enjoy some foods of the Gods =) so we sat down and ordered the 4 course dinner for 2 and we started with a very bitter cheese fondue and i wasn't impressed thinking this was a bust i lowered my standards of the restaurant and was surprised by the main course it consisted of steak shrimp chicken and teryaki steak ...so good =) and last but not least our chocolate fondue was impressive as well fruit and cheese cake and browny bites for your dipping pleasure
Expensive, but worth it for a special occasion! I enjoyed it thoroughly, and was totally filled up by the end of it.
Growing up, fondue has always been a tradition on Xmas Eve, something my mom reminded me and my dad when we were contemplating where to go after church on Saturday.  I've been there before and knew that they give you A LOT of food so I recommended we get a Wisconsin Cheese Trio and one entree (that comes with a salad).  We ordered drinks and waited.  And waited.  The waiter finally came out with the cheese plate after I hit the hostess stand for some candy to get me by.  The cheese was excellent, especially with the bread.  I was temporarily mollified with cheese and waited for the next course (Land and Sea).  And waited.  A person brought out a dirty pot and assumed that was an acceptable way to serve a very expensive entree.  I asked for a new pot and another person felt it was acceptable to wipe the pot with a dirty rag.  Rolls eyes.  The meat was good but not as much as it was in the past.  No dessert and we still rolled out of there full.  I was advised not to complain (bad karma) and left quietly.  Will not be back.  Hopefully a competitor of Melting Pot will hit the Las Vegas scene.  There were a few back in my hometown of MI that were just as good.
Don't really know how to rate this place as somethings are really good and some not so much.

Took the gf here for our 3 year anniversary the day after Valentine's. As you can imagine, it's been 3 days of feasting since we both had to work Valentine's so we celebrated a day early and then of course had to eat on Valentine's and now here to complete the trio.

Gf's favorite meal is shabu shabu, so Melting Pot is the fancy equivalent...or so I thought.

Got the Four Course Special:

1) Battled between the Spinach Artichoke and the Fiesta...gf won out with the Spinach. But I liked it too. Was starving and wiped the fondue stainless bowl clean. 4 stars

Note 1: pace yourself, it's a marathon not a sprint.
Note 2: the cheese gets progressively hotter the nearer you get to the end.

2) GF chose the spinach mushroom salad, I chose the Big Night Out monthly special salad, basically 1/4 uncut lettuce with gorgonzola cheese and bacon. Liked mine, loved my gf's! 5 stars

3) Then came the land and sea. :/ Loved the concept of dipping meats and seafood. Picked the red wine broth. Really didn't add any flavor to the protein. And the cooking style was truly a compromise.  1 star.

4) Wow, dessert is melted chocolate. Need I say more? The best were the brownies the worst were the marshmallows but is there really a worst, not really, it was just in comparison and because I don't really care for marshmallows other than at a campfire and even then, it's for the fire show rather than the taste. 5 stars.

Average it out: it's a 3 star, with a heavy weight on entrees. If this was a dessert and appetizer place, it would have been a 5 star!

Service was knowledgeable and professional, though could feel our server winding down for the night as we were one of the last tables. But definitely still very pleasant service!
Waaaaaay too expensive for what u get. I had the Valentines Day menu, so I am assuming it was more limited than at other times. The environment was the best part of it, so private and intimate! Very romantic! The experience of it is unforgetable. But me being the foodie that I am in a city of options...I think I will Fondu at home. Oour bill was more than $200! And they slaped a 20% gratuity onto the bill! There are 5 star places on the strip I could have gone to for this price or less. Great, caring people work here, a huge plus anywhere. Overall, liked it, have better options to spend my money on next time tho.
We went on a friday night. We were told they were booked solid and made reservations. Place was empty all night. No one but us and one other table. 

Friendly staff and good food but the wait time was unreal. After ordering we waited 30 mins between food deliveries. 

Total time in restaurant was 4 hrs 30 mins.

Price... rediculous. Entrees get you 5 pieces of meat the size of a quarter for $25-$30.

And you have to cook your own food and you leave hungry.

Three of us and the bill was $459
This was a really great dining experience for me and my group. We had the four course classic menu with a cheddar cheese fondue, house and Caesar salads, the mojo fondue cooking style for our entrees, and a classic chocolate fondue. The four course menu is set for parties of 2 so we ordered 2 sets. 

Unfortunately we weren't able to select different types of fondue per set because we were all seated at one table. This was unfortunate because two members of our group were not adventurous eaters so we stuck to the basic/classic fondues. On the bright side however, because they didn't eat any of the seafood entrees me and my "date" got to have double the amount of seafood!

It was really fun spearing and dipping and cooking your food in this community pot! Occasionally we'd have a "man down" call and have to go fishing for lost pieces of meat or veggies and that person would get a TON of cheese or chocolate on their food.

The prices were a little high for the amount of food but what you're really paying for is the experience. Our waiter was excellent and we let him know that we were in a bit of a hurry. He let us know that fondue dining tends to take a little longer than a normal meal but he managed to keep the meal paced quickly. 

It's definitely a great place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
Had my birthday dinner at the Melting Pot last night.  
Tried the Big Night Out with some modifications.
Sam Adams Beer cheese fondue was to die for.
Filet, shrimp, lobster and chicken were tasty in the Mojo cooking style-- didn't really care for the mix of the Memphis pork in the Mojo.
Opted for the Cookies and cream dessert-- delicious.  Perfect ending!
Took a REALLY long time between courses so I think we too were caught in the "last customers in" slump but our server remained courteous and attentive.
Looking forward to celebrating there again sometime.
I take my wife here every year for our anniversary, and I do not share the experience with anyone else. But I'll let you in on this place, since you're my friend.
For how excited I was to try this place out, I left disappointed. I would say this is more of a "date; or lets get to know each other VERY VERY VERY well" type of spot. My girls and I decided to do dinner there before we go clubbing one night. Dinner reservations were set at seven giving us more than enough time to eat and go for drink after.. For starters we got seated at about a half an hour after seven, the service took ages for each courses to come out, and the course sizes were a complete disappointment leaving more than half of hungry. Dessert was the best part of the meal, but for 18 dollars for what you get, it was not worth it. And biggest surprise of all was how they divided the bill amongst us. Some of the girls decided to get separate courses and share, and when the bill arrived they automatically charged per individual rather than per item like stated on the menu. Long story short we all left paying $60+ for a meal that left us hungry and disappointed. And what made it even worse is that we did not leave the restaurant till 10:30pm!!! That is how tediously slow the service was : (
Big night Out was fantastic!  My GF and I try to make it to at least 2 of the menu changes a year, so we can try all the different goodies they have.  :)  

Make sure you bring an appetite, because its a 2 1/2 hour marathon of eating four courses.  You're usually throwing in the towel by the time you get dessert, but then that platter comes out, and you're like ".........I've got it in me!"

Its expensive, so if you were planning on eating for 50$, go to friggen Applebee's.  Quit complaining, its fine(ish) dining.  :)
I love dipping stuff in melted cheese or chocolate! It has been a few years since I have been to a Melting Pot. It is often pushed to the back as a special occasions type of place. That does not mean that I do not try to find a reason to come, but after they shut down the one on Eastern, the idea of fondue slipped away. I was reminded that there was a second location in Summerlin and it was perfect because one of my old professors lived on this side of town. With convenience for her in mind, my friend and I drove out here for dinner with her.

I had forgot to make a reservation on a Friday night, but we were seated as soon as the whole party was present. As a party of four, all we wanted was the cheese and chocolate course. If you are starving then the Big Night Out is the way to go. Two courses was more than enough for us. The portions of sides to swirl in cheese is minimal. It is nice that the servers have no issue with a request for more veggies, bread, or granny smith apples. The same about portions could be said about their desserts too. With chocolate, I have no issues of ladling the chocolate straight into my mouth though. 

A few hours later, a full stomach, and some wonderful conversation left us all in a place of joy. Now to plan another special event.
The food here has always been delicious. I mean, come on, bowls full of cheese and chocolate to dip things into? How can that possibly go wrong?!?! I wanted to write this review a bit more about the service we got.

We planned a mini date out, just my better half and myself with out the kiddies. Calling the Melting Pot at 9pm to make sure they were still open until 10pm (as promised on the website) and sure enough the phone said so too. We show up and there is a sign on the door apologizing for the inconvenience as they were closing at 9pm... 15 minutes prior to our arrival. Devastation. Babysitters already planned and payed, kids safely tucked away at home, and our first real date in a loooooong time crushed.

I know what you are thinking, "why did they get 5 stars if you were so devastated?!?"

Well, I will tell you. The manager (Zach) was amazing. I wrote a letter explaining in detail our complete devastation. He apologized thoroughly and said they could not get the message to change when they would be closing. He then treated me and my husband to dinner to ease our suffering. We were able to use the money we would have spent on dinner to pay the babysitters to come back and watch our kids. He came over and greeted us at our table and had Chris take care of us. The service was impeccable. The food was amazing. Overall, LOVED it! We will definitely be going back when we get the chance. I really felt like they gave a hoot about us.

Tip about the meat:
Before when going to the melting pot we didn't pay attention to the length of time they suggested for the meats. We figured we would be able to tell and our food was always overcooked and average. This time we listened to Chris and the food was all perfectly cooked. So when your server tells you how long each thing should be for... LISTEN!
This is a really fun place - great for a date, because the booths are high and semi-private. Also, you get to cook food together, which is cool if the conversation dies. Of course, I always go there with my bff, so we're never short of people to talk about, er... conversation. 

The meals are served in courses: cheese, salad, main and dessert. You don't have to do all four, but seriously... why wouldn't you?

The cheese course is served with bread cubes (white and dark), raw veggies and granny smith apples. You can pick from four or so different cheese combos that your server will prepare at your table, complete with a well-rehearsed warning not to burn yourself on the steam table or fondue pot. 

Salads are pretty straightforward. The house dressing is rather sweet, so if you're not into that, stick with vinaigrette or bleu cheese. 

The main courses are great - we usually get a mixed plate of raw meats both seasoned and unseasoned. All are fresh and delicious (chicken, filet, shrimp), and they come with broccoli and mushrooms and eight dipping sauces. You will also need to choose from flavors of cooking broth. I've tried Cajun and coq au vin - both very nice. At this point, you will receive another friendly PSA about eating raw meat (bad) and burning yourself (also bad). 

Dessert? Three words: white chocolate caramel. There are other choices, but I've never ventured past the pot of gooey melted heaven that you get to dip marshmallows (coated in graham crackers or Oreos), Rice Krispy squares, pound cake, cheesecake and various fruits into. Nobody will judge you if you just use your spoon and eat it from the pot, although in your frenzy to get it all, please remember to let it cool!

Even the coffee there is divine. 

Be forewarned - you will easily spend money at this place. My friend and I left last night poorer by nearly $125. Is it worth it? Oh yeah.
Been here about twice and the service is always great. I absolutely love their broth, but just wished they had a little bit more to their menu.
Lovely date setting! I did the Femme Fatale event that includes four courses for $32... cheese, salad, meat, then dessert (simply put). The spinach and artichoke cheese fondue is absolutely to die for... it was my favorite, especially with the bread! I'm not a huge salad fan, but I heard they're good enough to take a trip to the Melting Pot just for that. You get chicken, steak, shrimp, potatoes, and broccoli to cook in a broth. I picked Caribbean Mojo, which was also very delicious. Then came dessert (if you weren't already stuffed)... I tried the special White Creme Brulee chocolate. Again, amazing! They give you strawberries, bananas, brownie bites, marshmallows, cheesecake, and pound cake... I might even be missing something. Man, it was a feast for the senses! However, I thought the 3rd course's broth was going to be included with the meal; we were charged $12 for the pot. Other than that, it was a great experience. The service was pretty good on the Monday night that we went. I would certainly go again!
We love going in for an appetizer, house salad and dessert.  It is a fun night out!  Be sure to request Troy V as your server.  He is the best and will make it a night to remember!
All 4 courses are amazing!
We went here for my birthday dinner. We called earlier in the week to make reservations and check happy hour times. My friend spoke Ashley the hostess who told her happy hour was from 5to 6 and the last hour 7 days a week. WRONG! on saturday we got there just after 5 only to find out that happy hour on Saturday and Sunday is from 4-5. The hostess was so rude about it and my sweet friend is a force to be reckoned with. The manager honored the happy hour price for the food which was a very nice gesture but the hostess from the very beginning was not at all apologetic she was extremely cold and rude. Like she was pissed that the manager had helped us out. She sat a table next to us and was all smiles and sweet as can be. Unfortunately this is the only melting pot in Las Vegas, and it is a wonderful date spot. I will return only because the manager was so helpful our server was sweet and the food was good! But please know your Hostess is the first impression of any business and as a person who has hundreds of options on where to spend my money when it comes to dinner her impression matters!
Love the food and is the better thing u can get during the winter ;) fat n warm.... The appear terser is great with all the cheeses;) the main course is ok, and last but not least the dessert-- dark chocolate with nuts!!!! I can drink the whole pot, Really!!! Lol highly recommend!
Service is awesome! Apple martini is so good! This is a for sure date spot to make your dates panties drop! :)
It's about $150 for 3 people with two rounds of drinks. If you really like cheese and chocolate than this is the place for you. But I found that the entree selection was a bit limited for the true foodie. The strawberry salad was delish though. Desert was simple. Just dip everything into chocolate.
I've eaten at 3 or 4 Melting Pot locations around the country, and if I had been on yelp 7 years ago, I probably would have given this place 4 or even 5 stars.  The evening is fantastic, it takes about 2.5 hours or more, and it's a great pace.  You are never in a rush, and it's certainly a different way to dine.

So, when we went to Melting Pot last night, I was troubled to learn that the menu had changed.  The Big Night Out which we had shared so many times was gone, replaced with a more a la carte ordering system.  You order by the person now, still having to share the cheese and dessert courses with the table as a whole.  Already, I was annoyed by the change in the menu.  THEN, I open the wine list to find fewer than 10 wines by the glass in white, even fewer in red, and only a page of wines period.  This is much, much less than Melting Pot used to have. I pointed this out to our server, and she informed me I was correct, the wine list had been paired down significantly.  Apparently the decision was made to simplify things.  Of course, I imagine stocking pricier bottles was not paying off, and I certainly understand a restaurant needing to make changes based on the bottom line.  But, it certainly affected my meal and will affect my decision whether to come in the future.

The meal was a solid Melting Pot meal.  We had the Wisconsin trio, an excellent blend of cheeses.  We asked our server to go heavy on the blue cheese and garlic, and she obliged in spades.  Excellent flavor.  The cajun platter and lobster fusion were next, and while good, the meat course left a little to be desired.  I feel like the portions are smaller, but I can't prove this.  I will say the shrimp was the favorite meat, and that's saying something when we ordered a dish with steak and lobster.  A tip if you eat here, put the mushrooms and potatoes in IMMEDIATELY.  The potatoes still weren't completely cooked by the end of the meal.  That's always been an issue with Melting Pot.  I would think there is a way to fix it, but I haven't seen it yet.

The dessert was the star of the meal.  We had the white chocolate creme brulee.  White chocolate with caramelized sugar drizzled on top.  Excellent, very glad we tried the special dessert.  My favorite in meals past was always the main course, but today it was the desserts.  I'm not saying we won't come back to Melting Pot, but the chances are much slimmer than they were yesterday before our meal.
TOTALLY OVERRATED AND OVERPRICED.

CONS)
1) They lost our reservation after making it on the internet and calling.
2) We then got seated in our OWN room that was basically DESERTED THE ENTIRE NIGHT with very little help.
3) WAITER TROY acted like we were the biggest annoyance of his night?? Right from the very beginning.
4) 20 minutes for 4 sodas and 1 drink from the bar.
5) Once we got cheese, wait like 30-40 minutes to be asked if everything was okay.
6) Daughter never got refill on soda - had to ask some random person standing out in another room. Also, never got my ice water, how hard is that???
7) Waited again like 30 minutes AFTER cheese just to do CHOCOLATE.
PS - never take you toddler here - unless you and your little one can handle a 3+  hour MEAL FOR 2 COURSES!!!!
8) Basically asked for check as soon as waiter brought chocolate - knew we'd never see waiter again.  We were right he came to COLLECT
+++$170.00 for 2 courses -- 6 eating chocolate, 3 salads, and 4 eating chocolate.
BIGGEST RIP-OFF around for the amount of food.

PROS)  Good chocolate with yummy dippers.

Unfortunately - we won't ever be back to this Las Vegas location.  I predict it too will close, just like the Henderson one did.  If the service stays that bad, how could it not.

Sorry Melting Pot for the review. Super let down for us after planning it weeks in advance for our traveling company.
My wife and I had visited the location in Orange County, CA several years ago with some friends.  We were recently given a gift card for the Melting Pot and had the opportunity to go to the Las Vegas location.  The resturant is quite small, when we arrives at 6:30 on a Sunday it was full, mostly couples.  We ordered the 4 course meal. We started with the spinach and artichoke dip, then salads.  For the main course we both ordered the steak lovers (we were alread full).  You get about  6oz of meat with the entree.   For dessert we had the Flaming Turtle.  Over all the food was pretty good, the dining experience is what most people are there for.  Service was a little slow, it took 3 hours from the time we were seated until we paid the bill.  We were out of there for about $115 with tax and tip.
Have a reservation! I think it would have probably been unlikely for my husband and I to just walk-in and be seated immediately. Also, DO NOT be in a hurry if you plan to eat here comfortably. We were here for 2 hours! But it was a great and unique experience. I've never had fondue before, and I really enjoyed everything. 
We got the spinach and artichoke cheese dip to start, which was great with the bread and veggies, but a little weird with the apples. Our salads were very good, but very small (a good thing considering it is a 4 course meal). The meat dishes took the longest to go through because you get 3 skewers to use, and it takes 3 minutes to cook each piece of meat. But by the end of it, you barely have any room for dessert. We chose the chocolate and peanut butter fondue, which was an excellent choice, but I only had a little of it because I was so full. Over all, I really enjoyed everything, my only gripe comes from our waitress mixing up our cheese fondue so aggressively, she splashed my arm with the hot fondue and didn't seem to notice or slow down. We will be back though!
I really don't have anything bad to say about my experience here. I went last night to have a quiet evening celebrating my best friends birthday. We were waited on by Thomas and he was superb. I went here a few weeks ago just to get dessert and he was my waiter then as well. It took awhile for him to come to us in the beginning but once you see how hands on he is with everything that goes into your meal it is understandable and acceptable, especially when there are many decisions to make regarding the menu. 
Dinner was fantastic. We had the Wisconsin Trio, salads, a Pacific Rim and Classic entree, and the classic chocolate peanut butter dessert. This is the perfect place when you want to sit and talk and have a nice discussion because you feel like you are in your own little room. With that being said, make sure you like the people you go with because it can be up to a 3 hour affair depending on your own pace. We stayed for about 3 hours and greatly enjoyed the experience.
Let me start by saying that this is my girlfriends favorite restaurant and she insists on coming here for all special occasions.  I too appreciate their delicious and decadent fondue preparations.  To my knowledge, there is nowhere else in Las Vegas serving what they are serving at at The Melting Pot.  Our favorite course is the cheese one, where you dip various vegetables and bread into a selection of melted cheese.  Cooking meat in hot liquid is not really my personal thing, but its still pretty good.  And then there is the desert course...various delicious tidbits that you can dip in melted chocolate.  All in all, I highly recommend this place for its unique dining experience, atmosphere and all around quality.  Reservations are a must.
I love the melting pot! 
I wish they had like local specials (they have industry specials).
Good food and service and the Groupon we had made it that much better.  The concept was foreign to me, but the waitress was super friendly and explained what, why and how she was  doing everything.  

We only had the happy hour items, but the food was great and we plan on returning for dinner in the near future.
Love this place! Food and service are always spot on. Me and my boyfriend used to go once every six months to try the new big night out. We are curious to get out and try the new style dining experience.
Love love love this place , great service every time , nice servers , I love the spinach salad and the French quarter plate, make sure you use mojo for the cooking oil, and for desert get the creme brle with dark chocolate and extra brownies n strawberries for dipping I love it
What an incredible evening! A bachelorette party of 10 ladies came here on Saturday night and it was fantastic. The service was very attentive, the pace was just right, and the food was delicious. We all got the 4 course meal and shared 4 bottles of wine. The experience lasted 3.5 hours and was absolutely mah-velous!
Great place for fun dessert! Love how quiet it is making it good for conversation. It's also very interactive which is nice. A lil pricey but overall a good treat.
Our waitress was great about explaining the menu.  We tried the 4-course meal. I would definitely recommend only getting appetizer salad and dessert. The main entrees were not so good. I didn't like cooking it myself. The cheddar appetizer was awesome! Definitely get the premium add-on dippers. Salads were fresh and a good intermission to the saucy stuff. We had the flaming turtle for dessert which was in one word AMAZING! We were celebrating our 8th wedding anniversary and they were so sweet to give us a plate with chocolate covered strawberries.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it was absolutely perfect. The atmosphere is very romantic, and each booth has high walls to make for a very private dinner. The waitress was very helpful and it was very hands on. The dessert was the BEST! I definitely recommend this place.
I've been to this place twice with my wife. the ambiance is nice, quiet and very romantic. the food is fun as you dip meats, veggies, cheeses and fruits. this place is perfect if you'd like to get a little piece action after dinner..

2 thumbs up and a BIG smile!..
Our waitress Saki was very bubbly. I love bubbly people!! I lived everything about this place, mostly the dessert of course!  I don't recommend getting the duck though, that was the only thing I didn't care for, everything else was A+
The service wasn't thy wonderful, but the food was spectacular. We ordered the 4 course meal and had a wide variety of food and flavors. The Flaming Turtle chocolate fondue was by far the best flavor. We will be coming back!
This place is mediocre. :( very disappointed. Your just paying for the experience not the food. I highly not recommending this place. It's just a good desert place. I don't think lobster and steak should ever be fondues. It needs to be grilled ! I wish I can give it a 1/2 star. :)  I want buttered succulent lobster and grilled steak.
Portion sizes and price simply don't  compliment each other.  The quality isn't the greatest, and if you ask me, it should be for the price you pay!  I learned how easy it is to make Fondu and we never went back!  Overall, nothing impressive, overpriced!
Great fondue time with new friends - company Christmas party
Our New Years Eve tradition.   This was our first time visiting this location.  Luckily we were able to make our reservations pretty close to last minute.  

Arriving, we were greeted by the most monotone girl who wasn't happy to be working New Years Eve.   I get it but at least crack a smile.   We were seated immediately but as I sat down, there was a dirty napkin still on the seat.  Hmm.   I had to hand that to the girl right away.  Looking closer at our table, it was still dirty and needed cleaned.  Yuck. Even after we left, our jackets had 'leftover' food on them from the unclean table area.  Not really happy about that. 

Our waitress was shortly over to our table explaining the special menu they had for the evening. 
After making our choices and drink orders, she was back quickly to prepare our cheese fondue.  Absolutely delicious.  It had a nice blend of cheese, onion and bacon flavors combined.  This was served with rosemary and french breads, apples and veggies.   It's always great dipping each of these into the cheese blends.   

The salads were also delicious.   Pear with crumbled blue cheese and almonds tossed in a vinaigrette.   Fabulous.   It was small but you really didn't need anything larger with all of the food yet to come.  

The entree was loaded with cracked pepper filet, bbq pork,  honey chicken, mahi maui, jumbo prawns and gorgonzola saccetti.  You could add lobster tail for $15 but this was definitely enough food already.   The entree was mouth watering.  Plus the entree is served with potatoes, broccoli and mushrooms.   Yum!

With all of that food in our stomachs, there was still the mint chocolate fondue to devour.   Their chocolate fondues are accompanied by a plate of various desserts to dip including rice krispy treats, brownies, marshmallows and fruit.   I really shouldn't have eaten it but it sure was tasty!  

During our meal, our waitress wasn't really up to par.  My husband had ordered a drink which must have slipped her mind.  She later came back and asked again if he wanted another.  By that time we were done with our meals.  I understand it's a busy night but come on man...  I guess my rating would've been higher if there had been better service and cleanliness.  The food... still great!
Rushed us w/ the bill:

We were in the area and decided to dine here if we could get in.  We walked in around 5:30 on a Friday night and they were able to seat us without a reservation.  There were 2 tables w/ people besides us when we first arrived. They opened at 5pm.

We have been here a few times before and knew exactly what we wanted so we ordered everything right when we sat down.  We did not have any questions about the menu--our order was very simple and straight forward.  Two iced teas and two house salads w/ tangy dressing.  We ordered the pick three for two with all Teriyaki Sirloin, 1 order of sausage, (which was 4 slices) and extra potatoes.

Half way through the meal our server asked if we would be doing the chocolate course? We weren't sure at that time so we said No.  He said "I will be right back w/ your check."  A few minutes later he dropped the bill.  We weren't even done cooking all of our meat.  I usually decide if I want dessert when I am finished with my meal not halfway through the main course.  I understand there may be some extra prep work and they would like to know about dessert so they can get going on it.  No need to drop the bill so prematurely especially because the place wasn't even busy. Maybe he was mad we weren't raking up a huge bill.  We have done the Big Night out option a few times before and learned exactly what we do and don't like.  We usually end up with way to much food.

I understand it's a slow place to turn tables over and they don't want you there all night but c'mon? We were quick to order and not eating super slow.  It really irritates me to feel rushed like that.  We finished cooking the last pieces of meat and got a to-go box for them.  The time my bill was printed was 6:02pm.(see pics) We were there maybe 40min. max start to finish.  40 min. is quick for The Melting Pot which is supposed to be a "slow paced" dining experience.

The food was really good.  Teriyaki Sirloin has lots of juicy flavor. Love the 6 different sauce selections and the garlic salt. The salad size has decreased since the last time we visited.  Our iced teas hardly had any ice so we had to ask for a glass with ice so we could put ice in our teas. 

Overall not the best experience.  If we were dining for a special occasion I would be really unhappy.  Since it was just a Friday night out I can deal with the issues but won't be rushing back anytime soon.  I thought I would be giving a 5 star review tonight but we were actually quite disappointed. : (
The first Melting Pot I ever went was in Denver, Colorado and the food and service were amazing. Unfortunately the service here in Vegas is horrible! My drink was knocked and the red love Martini drizzled down my leg and inside my boot by our waitress and there was NO apology!!!.  No comp drink,  no extra napkins,  pretty much she shrugged it off like no big deal. The food was really good though,  the company I was with was Amazing and so are the drinks,  apparently even the one on my pants and inside boot....
This is the perfect place for couples who want an intimate night of food porn.  There is nothing sexier than a night of slowly feasting on morsels of meat, vegetables, bread and sweets, each dipped in cheese, bouillon, and chocolate.  I won't take anyone here except my spouse.  We religiously come here each year for our anniversary, and we're never disappointed.  Service is discreet and perfectly timed; you never feel as if you're rushed.  There are many other places to eat in Vegas, but non as worth every dollar you spend.
This place grosses me  out.   A pile of raw nest to share and I have to "cook" it myself?    

I know people love the concept but I'm just not a fan.   Aside from being bland...   There was no art to it.

Fun night for the girls?   Maybe.... If you drink enough.

Culinary experience?   NOT
Excellent service, superb food and a very warm and personal attentive experience.  We had the surf and turf 4 course which was worth every cent. Thank you Thomas who was our server great and attention detailed server which makes your dining experience even more spectacular.  I loved the food and have been suggesting to friends and family.
I have been wanting to come to this place for years. So, i figured what better wayt to spend my 32nd birthday.I was so stoked and made reservations for four a few days prior. I even signed up through email to see if they had any specials. Low and be hold i received a complimentary coupon for 6 chocolate covered strawberries. Sweet!! i was off to a good start!!!

My husband and I arrived 15 minutes early before our guests to scope out the menu..The items are kinda on the pricey side. But, I figured what the hay! You can only celebrate your bday once..right? Upon my guest arriving come to find out we all were new to this experience. The food kinda lacked seasoning and was in very small proportions. Our food took quite awhile to cook. 

Needless to say don't come here hungry, cause you will leave the same way you walked in. I've realized this is more so for like heavy socializing . All and all i did enjoy the experience just wouldn't come here with a large party again.I believe this experience would've been excellent but our waitress lacked personality.  She barely engaged in any convo.
It's always a fun experience to come here. It has a great atmosphere and it entertains my two yr old.
I love the Melting pot. Been several times and to other one across the country basically from sea to shining sea.  So the food her is pretty good. The quality is pretty on point. The California salad is amazing I can't lie. And cheese and chocolate you can't go wrong. 
So now it's time for me to address somethings I've seen in other comments. To the people who are concerned about the raw meat... Are you touching it with you fingers? Also the same person seemed upset that they had to cook their own food... What did they think fondue was? This isn't hibachi. Just be safe and don't cross contaminate and cook the chicken through, this doesn't take long. 
As far as prices go. Yea it costs a decent amount of money but I'm sure everyone knows that before they come. Some of the meals are like $40-50 a person well guys that's fine dining prices but you actually get 4 courses. Also if you're there and you want more order it! You're already dropping cash might as well go all out. Lastly if you're broken you probably shouldn't make this your last meal before you get paid again. But yea the prices are a little high but you're paying for the experience and decent quality food. And the food portions aren't that small! Last time we went aka March 10 2014 we were offered more veggies bread apples and dessert dipping items. 
Lastly if you want to try it and eat more go when they have the $39.99 steak and chicken dinner 4 courses and like unlimited meats during the 3rd course.
Good service and tastie food, but on the pricey side. Fun place to dine out with someone special or with a group. For sure try the house specials, yummy. Just be prepared for the bill. Two people easily cost 100 bucks. Pricing makes no sense.
I love this place! I have been here many times and each time I explore the menu a little bit more. Here is my ideal 4 course meal: (1) the classic alpine cheese; (2) the California salad, but add strawberries; (3) the land and sea entree with the Mojo fondue; and (4) the flaming turtle chocolate fondue dessert.

I originally used to order the Cheddar fondue. However, it is kind of bland. I like cheese so the stronger taste of the Classic Alpine was perfect for me! 

If you're on a date, ask to sit in Lover's Lane. It is a private row of booths that are secluded from the rest of the restaurant.

I absolutely love this place. The only reason I don't eat here ALL the time is because I would gain weight. 5+ stars!!
The Melting Pot is my idea of comfort food. My husband and I have been to other fondue restaurants and this place definitely gets it right. We have been to 3 of their chains (Las Vegas, Pasadena and Thousand Oaks). 

They offer 4 courses and I don't think I've selected a bad one yet. The best thing on the menu is their cheese fondues. They offer an interesting variety of dippers like green apples and broccoli. For the main dish, they have great sauces but my favorites are the green goddess and the curry. Yum, I get hungry just thinking about it.
Just had a question. Wanted to know what time their happy hour starts and ends. After going online the their mobile website I confirmed they have happy hour everyday. What time it tsarts and ends is not listed. Tried to call the restaurant and got a recorded answering advertisement that went on way too long. 

Hung up the phone without talking to anyone. Screw you. I will take my business elsewhere.
Wow I went here recently for my birthday with some friends and they have really stepped up their game. We started with the seasonal cheese which contains goat cheese and it was amazing then we had the salad the pear and Gorgonzola salad was amazing. Then we had a French cooking method and the food was fantastic finally for dessert we had again the seasonal chocolate which had orange liquor it was amazing we coupled the whole thing with a bottle of wine and we were pretty tipsy when we left.  This is still a really fun thing to do and I highly recommend it.
Me: For the price and what you get, there's a reason we forget about this place. First, I couldn't get a reservation when I called. They were full in found an opening online. Snagged it on the way there since we were en route to try our luck at a table anyway. When we got there, they had our reservation and seated us immediately. The place was virtually empty! It was about 6 pm on a weeknight. The ambience is nice and the idea is great but the execution, or rather MY execution of basically boiling or soaking my food in hot broth or not-hot-enough oil, left every bite either washed of flavor or over/undercooked and also left me wanting to go out afterward for a proper dinner. The cheese and dessert fondues are the only saving grace for our 2-star review. Would definitely come back for just dessert fondue, but not again for dinner. 

Him: Apples and cheddar get half a star but even the cheese had a spicy, bitter alcohol flavor. It's also not too saucy--too much flavor and too cheesy. The apples make it so it's not too intense. The dessert fondue is amazing. I would give it 3 stars here for that. For dinner, I remember I tried everything but I don't remember any of it. I don't remember except it was bad. I guess it was so bad I don't remember it.
Worst service I've ever had. Went here for our 7 year anniversary and asked for a booth since almost every table was empty and they told us that they had booked all of the tables for reservations. Which would have been fine but we got there at 7 and left at about 9:30 and all of the tables were still open. No new guests! After complaining to the manager (who was being rude) he came back 20 later saying someone had "canceled" (how convenient) and moved us to a booth. 

I don't even understand the point in treating us like crap. We end up spending more money because we have two steam pots. I likely won't be returning.
I was treated to dinner at the melting pot for my birthday. We made our reservation and then the day of needed to change the time. The hostess was very polite and accommodating. 

We had a great time at dinner. The menu leaves you with lots of options that you can customize. The dipping sauces for your meats are flavorful. 

Dessert was fantastic and my favorite was the Oreo crusted marsh mellows. 

The atmosphere is very intimate and perfect for dates. 

It may appear to be over priced but our take is that the experience with the right person really overshadows the cost. We found it to be affordable so no complaints from us.
Really enjoyed the fresh chocolate covered strawberries they prepared as a birthday gift!
This is our favorite special occasion restaurant, especially for Valentine's Day. Just be warned that there is a set menu and prices are higher on V day. The food is beyond delicious.. the dessert is to die for. It's very romantic and relaxing. We look forward to going any time we can.
Yum. I love fondue. There are so many choices here. You can't go wrong. Keep in mind this good is rich!
Fondue heaven.  A leisurely dinner that lasted four hours that encompassed the "Big Night" menu option.  This included a cheese fondue, a salad choice, the Lobster Indulgence in a cooking style (our choice - Mojo Cooking Style), and a dessert fondue.  We added a bottle of Asti Spumante, Martini & Rossi champagne to complement our meal.

To start, our waiter melted the cheese fondue (our choice - Traditional Swiss Cheese Fondue) right in front of us.  He presented us with cubes of bread, veggies, and apple slices for dipping.  Next time I would try a different flavored cheese mix, something a bit bolder perhaps.

Next was our salad (our choice - Strawberry Almond Salad), which was a nice mix of sweet with the strawberries and tartness from the balsamic vinaigrette.

The waiter arrived with our entrees next (Lobster Indulgence - twin lobster tails, teriyaki sirloin, black tiger shrimp, citrus-marinated pork tenderloin, breast of chicken, and roasted vegetable ravioli), a beautiful display with the lobster tails cut perfectly.  After adding different spices to our broth, he went over the finer details of how long we should cook our various foods, from the veggies to the seafood to the meats.  Tons of dipping sauces accompanied the entrees.

To conclude our meal, the favorite of everyone's...dessert (our choice - Tropical Coconut Rum Chocolate Fondue).  The waiter arrived with our melted chocolate and added the rum and spices.  A plate of bananas, marshmallows, pound cake, strawberries, pineapple and brownies were presented for dipping.  Yummy.

This was a hearty meal for two, but thoroughly enjoyed.  If you can't do it all, come by for dessert at least.  That will bring a smile to anyone's face I'm sure.

This restaurant works great for couples or large groups.  Great for parties and social gatherings because of the interactiveness of fondue!  If going as a couple, ask for one of the private booths away from customer traffic.  You'll be left alone plenty to indulge in the decadence of your meal.

This is the type of restaurant where you can have fun eating and dipping.  Bring someone with you that you know you can have fun with.  It just makes the experience that much better.

(Check out the photos from our fabulous meal above!)
i love this place and i love fondue.  the place is modern w/dark tones decorations.  if you can't get a table at this place, get the table at the bar.  the food is definitely worth it.  the reason why i love this place so much is that they have private booths which are situated away from the bigger tables and walking traffic.  I love how these booths are set up with corner seating, so your date and you can sit side by side for a more romantic and intimate dinner.   
 
the last time i was here, my FABULOUS date and i enjoyed the "Big Night" option on the menu.  i also ordered a bottle of some the sweet champagne (Asti Spumante) from Martini and Rossi.  we started off with bread cubes, vegatables, and apples to dip in the traditional  swiss cheese fondue melted right in front of us.  this was followed by a strawberry -almond salad, which used the sweetness of strawberries to accent the tangy balsamic vinegar.  for our entree we ordered the lobster Indulgence, which included lobster tails, beef sirloin, black tiger shrimp, citrus-marinated pork tenderloin, breast of chicken, and whew some roasted vegetable ravioli to dip in a special broth.  i loved all the different tons of dipping sauces, because i just love to dip those little bastards of lobsters, beef, or chicken into some tasty tangy flavors.   we finished it off with the tropical coconut rum chocolate fondue.  i really wanted to dip a spoon in there and just eat it straight out of the pot.  it came with a plate of bananas, marshmallows, pound cake, strawberries, pineapple chunks, brownies and cheesecake.  actually, if it were allowed i would have liked to dip my date in it, too....ooh yummy!!! 

yeah, this meal was pretty good, and pretty heavy on the stomach.  i would recommend to go light on the appetizer, maybe skip the salad, try the entree, but it is a must to make it to the dessert!!!
Chain or not, I love this place.  Absolutely adore it.  Can't get enough of it.  I'm actually sickened that I haven't been there in almost a year.  It troubles me.

I'd never done fondue before my first trip to The Melting Pot, having missed the 70s for a lack of, oh, you know, being alive or cognizant for most of the decade.  The cheese course is always astounding, and the server/preparer always tells me something new that I didn't know about either the preparation of the fondue or where they get the cheese or some other interesting tidbit.  (Didja know dusting the cheese in flour stops it from becoming too greasy as it melts and keeps the texture smooth?  Now ya do!)  The emmenthaler is my personal favourite.  The salad with candied walnuts, bleu cheese and raspberry viniagarette pretty much rules my life.

They have two cooking styles for the main course - Mojo and Coq au Vin.  I've tried and thoroughly enjoyed both.  The Coq au Vin is great with heavier meats like the teriyaki sirloin and the filet, and the Mojo works well with chicken and prawns.  I'm a nut for sauces and when everything is said and done, there are 7 on the table to compliment all your meats and veggies. 

Of course, the chocolate course is astounding.  I've had turtle, bananas foster, and plain old milk chocolate and all of them have been a delight.  A tray of: cheesecake, marshmallows, pound cake, pineapple, strawberries, and bananas accompanies the dessert.  Needless to say, I've waddled out of the restaurant many times.

The 4 course meal is called the Big Night Out and runs about $100 per couple with a drink.  It's worth it both for the food and the experience of doing the fondue thing.  

Crap.  Now I think I'm going to be dropping $100 on dinner sometime soon.
The Melting pot finally opened up an East Side location not more than a couple years ago and still one must make a reservation to eat here at any normal dinner hour. There are on line reservations you can make which I highly suggest. 
Once you get to melting pot, obviously know that dinner will take two and a half to three hours. I always try to make it quicker and it never really works. The fondue is always consist ant here. I can only recommend what I have had, and I always stick to the basics, cheese, wine based fondue for meat and yummy dark chocolate. This is always good!!! You Will Be Full...
This was the first fondue restaurant I've visited, and I really enjoyed it. The most expensive meal is about $100/couple. My bro, sis-in-law, boyfriend, and myself chose this. It was pure heaven! The meats were delicious and it's very surprising how certain items go well with cheese. The dinner will last quite sometime (about 4) hours, but it's well worth it. After downing a couple bottles of wine and a few more cocktails, our bill came up to almost $350 including tip. Yea, pretty expensive...but a fun place to have dinner ONCE IN AWHILE.
There are a lot of things wrong with this restaurant and I primarily blame the people. I'm not sure why they have such attitudes. We had a reservation for 6 people for 5:45pm. My sister and her boyfriend arrived early and sat at the bar. We arrived at 5:45pm exactly and, even though the restaurant was completely empty, we were told "Have a seat at the bar and we'll seat you when we can." There were *3* people just standing around the desk in the lobby-- doing WHAT, I ask?! Certainly not seating people-- no customers were within sight or earshot, except for a single gentleman sitting at the bar. Our waiter was... I don't know, exactly. Tart? Mostly okay, I guess, but kept disappearing and kind of sarcastic. The bartender wasn't the warmest, either, but was mostly okay as well. The wine he poured was clearly from a bottle that had been open too long. The taste of old too-cold (reds don't belong in the ice box!) is unmistakable and displeasing. 

We had the "Fusion" choice on the "Night Out" menu. Even though we had six of us, 3 couples, we were only able to choose 2 pots of anything which resulted in reduced quantity and choices. Their restaurant and seating options should reflect their menu. We should have been able to have more variety. We chose the traditional swiss and featured "Mediterranean" cheese. We had two pots of coq au vin to cook our food and that was perhaps a poor choice since it was flavorless and discolored the food making it look more or less done (depending if it was chicken or beef) than it actually was. Speaking of doneness, this restaurant needs some timers or a simple clock on the wall/table in view of every guest. Quite hungry, I kept taking my meats from the pot too early. We tried a variety of salads-- most were okay but the raspberry vinaigrette on the California salad was way too sweet. (Vinaigrettes are vinegar-based and are supposed to be tangy, not sweet and syrupy!!!) For the dessert fondues, we had raspberry chocolate and caramel turtle. The raspberry claimed to have hints of hazelnut but they were nowhere to be tasted. The caramel turtle was good but lacking enough pecans. And the dipping choices? Fucking atrocious. The platters needed more fruits and bland dippers (i.e. pound cake) because who the eff wants to dip oreo-coated marshmellows and brownies in a pot of chocolate? Well, okay, I do know some people but all the sugar is, quite literally, nauseating after all the rich food (cheeses, creamy sauces, heavily marinated meats). I had to ask for an extra bowl of apple pieces (from the cheese course) and additional strawberries . Dipping sugar in sugar is just..... ugh. 

I think the food is very overpriced for what it is. None of the meats wowed me. The shrimp weren't even deveined and the lobster was tough and not properly cut for cooking. The sauces were bland at best, with the exception of the pleasantly spicy cocktail sauce for the shrimp. The "curry" insults curries everywhere, to be certain. The coq au vin was flavorless. 

The negatives are endless. Reservations are pointless, the staff needs a major attitude adjustment in addition to a lesson in customer service. I will not ever patronize this restaurant again.
so it was tough to decide what rating to give  this place. i HATE their main entrees. its like you cook ur own food in broth and theres no taste yuck.
but i am a HUGE HUGE fan of the cheese and chocolate they have here.
its total fondue style so  if you get spinach and artichoke the waiter(ess) will come and put the cheese spinach and the little things that make it taste good and after it melts u eat it with apples veggies breads etc. i always get scared to ask for more bread and such but theyre really nice about it.
the same goes with the chocolate. i think i found my new favorite Banana Foster. it was absolutely amazing.  the chocolate comes with  pound cake cheese cake overly sweet marshmellows with cookie crumbs on it and fruit.
i feel like the cheese and chocolate are really reasonable saying you can share it with others. i wish the food was as good though and not a complete rip off. because trust me i could walk to vons and make my own nastyly broth chickena nd steak for way less then 30 bucks.

but the chocolate and cheese again win me over =)
We came for the chocolate fondue on a Saturday night around 7pm without any reservations. We were promptly seated at the bar.

The chocolate fondue here is the best I can find in vegas! The chocolate is very high quality.

The service was excellent.. The bartender was very friendly.. 

The chocolate fondue was cheaper than in CA.. $14 for the small and $24 for regular.  They also refilled our fruit when we finished them.  The chocolate fondue is a STEAL for these prices!!

I'm not a fan of cooking my own food so I only come here for the chocolate.  I came for dinner once and felt it was too expensive for doing it yourself. I don't know how to cook filet mignon properly.. I'd rather pay about the same and have a chef do it properly for and end up with a better tasting steak.
I love the Melting Pot. It is my most favorite place to eat. It's a bit pricey but worth every penny. At my house we have to refer to it as "MP" because if you say Melting Pot we all practically jump in the car to go and our mouths start watering. The service is great and the atmosphere is very romantic for dates.
Im not a big fan of the food, but the dessert is great!   You can't go wrong!  Melted chocolate with tons of stuff to dip it in, how could it get better?!  They have great dark chocolate fondue, with excellent dipper things (bananas, cheesecake, strawberries, brownie bits, marshmellows, etc.)  

This is a great drinks/dessert place that i would recommend! :]  Enjoy!
The restaurant . com tour continues - we did one of their combo seafood meat, veggie, dessert thingy's. tried a berry mojito - boring, boring boring. 

everything was ok but man o man, they give you way too many dipping sauces - one was for meat, one for veggies, one for meat and veggies - blah blah blah ! 

the dessert platter made the day - had some sort of chocolate turtle liquor fondue - they give you fruits, cookies, marshmallows, cake, cheesecake , maybe it was an off night because our platter didn't include the mini-kitchen sink ! 

would i do this place again - i kinda have to - got a coupon for the charleston location but 2 times now i've gone and they were booked - geez, didn't think the concept was all that !
I resisted going to this restaurant for the past two years because I don't enjoy sweet or cheesy meals.  I also thought the servings would be small and the prices high.  My wife finally convinced me and I am glad she did.  I had some of the best steak, lobster, chicken and other food as I have had anywhere else.  I was more than satisfied with the portions and actually was unable to eat everything that I was served. 

For a hundred bucks, we had great service, great atmosphere and great food.  This is a very unique dining experience.  I recommend it for either an intimate dinner for two, or a large group.  Although my experience was intimate, I can see how the process would lend itself to a great social dinner as well.

My rating is based on the combination of service, value and quality of food.  Oh, and the desert was better than I expected.
One of my favorite places ever. I heard they just closed both locations here in las Vegas. Cross your fingers they re-open.
I love this place. It seems little known and I'm reluctant to share it because I don't want it to get too busy for me to eat...but I guess I can't be selfish.

I recommend the beef and chicken. They also give you a plate of veggies, tofu and noodles. There are three sauces to use to dip in: Peanut, Citric (I'm guessing) and (my favorite) the spicy. They have a variety of sake. 

I definitely suggest giving it a try. It's become my new favorite restaurant. I learned to use chopsticks just to eat here!
Shabu shabu is my new favorite food.  This place is fairly close to my work, so I decided to invite a few folks to introduce them to Japanese fondue.  It is located off of Valle Verde at the intersection of Horizon Ridge and it's in a new strip mall.  Since most of the stores are not occupied, there's plenty of parking and it's not very crowded.

We entered the restaurant and we were the only people there.  In fact, we were the only people there during the entire hour and a half lunch.    We ordered the lunch special which comes with salad, drink, veggies and shabu shabu beef, and it was so affordable.   We were amazed!  Not sure if they will continue to do this, but they offered us a free additional order of veggies, which really hit the spot.  

The service was great and I highly recommend this place.  I really hope everyone takes this recommendation and support this restaurant.  I would hate to see this place fail!  I will be back next week for sure!
This place just needs more customers - they do things right, the restaurant is clean, the food tasty, the prices reasonable.  I went with friends for the first time a year ago -- and honestly forgot about it.  They returned a few months later, and the owner remembered them, and also asked them how I was doing...pretty incredible. 

There aren't that many shabu-shabu places in the valley -- sometimes I think their marketing tagline "Japense fondue" confuses folks -- most folks think cheese -- not broth when they think of fondue, and unless you're a foodie, you've probably not been exposed to it.  

It couldn't be healthier -- for folks who don't know what shabu shabu is.  It's simply broth-based fondue -- you choose your protein (shrimp, scallops, beef, chicken, tofu or any combination), and fire up your hot pot.  Then, they bring you an abundance of salads and sauces, a perfectly acceptable miso soup, and you "cook"...  It's fun, interactive -- they have wine, beer and a decent sake list (yes, they have unfiltered...) so it makes for a completely lovely evening.
I am always in search of good shabu shabu / fondue / hot pot places, and Shabu Shabu Paradise in Henderson delivers!

Their menu is only shabu shabu, which can be a good thing and bad.  If your dining companions aren't into cooking their meal themselves, then this place won't work for them.  However, they can always stuff themselves on the appetizers like cod fish, salads, and beef misoyaki

All entrees come with a green salad, rice, selected veggies, tofu, noodles, and three dipping sauces.

The Big F went for the King #18 ( 1/2 Beef,  1/2 Shrimp, and  1/2 Scallop) for $25 and I went for the Jack #1 (Original Beef) for $18.

As the water, lightly seasoned with seaweed, heats up, a small green salad with yummy dressing starts you off.  Feel free to ask for more because they are more than happy to give it to you!

Then your table gets set up with your rice, various raw veggies and food, and your three dipping sauce.  The first being a peanut sauce, then a ponzu one, and then a spicy ponzu-like one.

The pot is split so you don't have to worry about your dining companion stealing your food! When the water starts to boil, start adding the food.  I don't recommend adding all the food at once, but rather a little bit at a time.  I like to swish my beef around just to cook it a tad before dipping it into the various sauces.

The beef and shrimp were great choices, but the scallops got rubbery too quickly.  (Reading Steve X.'s review, I wish were given soy sauce and wasabi so we could have eaten the scallops raw as well.  Bummer!  At least we know for next time!)

What makes Shabu Shabu Paradise a step up above Swish is that they also give you additional veggies without charging for it!  It seems a bit ridiculous to be charged for what is considered inexpensive veggies when you're cooking it yourself!  

And to close it off, complimentary ice cream with fruit cocktail is offered!

Service is great - the waitresses are really sweet and friendly about bringing you additional things as requested or when they see you need it.  It can get a bit hectic when the restaurant fills up as it started to on the Saturday evening we went.

They have about three tables for four and one long table that seats about 10-12.  You'll definitely see us back here again when we're in the area! 

(Pics are posted!)
Thanks to fellow Yelpers and Teri C., who's review i saw this afternoon while searching recent posts my husband and I ventured here for dinner this evening...

One thing i didnt see when looking at all the reviews was the hours!! They are closed between 3 and 5pm and we got there about 4:30. I was really excited to try this place so we decided to run a quick errand and come right back.. we did, and boy am i glad!!

This place is AWESOME!!! I was a little worried when i saw the menu that it wouldnt be very flavorful. Boy was I WRONG!! The 3 dipping sauces they give you are delicious!!! And i mean delicious!!!!!! The peanut one was very sweet and desert like to me, but still very good! I liked the ponzu and spicy sauces. I added a bit more spicy that they provide cause i really like it hot! 

We both got the Queen #8 (shrimp and 1/2 scallop) with a side of crab sticks! The veggies were great as well as the tofu and noodles... we got extra veggies and tofu and the cute little waitress was more than happy to bring it! The salad was good they gave you to start with, small but very good, she asked if we wanted another one.. again, the service was wonderful!!!

After all was said and done, we were very full, they said they offered a complementary ice cream and fruit dessert, which i remember reading in the reviews... the husband was very happy about that and got one, the waitress asked  if i wanted one as well, to which i said no thank you, and my husband interrupted promptly and said yes she does!! :) he enjoyed both desserts and we were full and happy!!!!!

I highly recommend this place, its healthy and delicious!! Another couple came in to eat while we were there and they seemed to really enjoy there meal as well. There are only 3 small tables and one large one in the place so we were close enough for me to hear that they indeed did enjoy it!

We will for sure be back again soon!! ohh yeah, $51.18 was our total w/no drink (well water and iced tea for the hubby)... not too shabby...
Went there last Sunday, around 8pm.  I wasn't surprised that the restaurant was empty as I read the reviews from fellow yelpers 30 mins b4 I arrived.  The price is reasonable.  For $18, you get the beef and all-you-can-eat veggies.  CRAZY!!!   Instead of serving Udon like most Shabu Shabu places, this restaurant gives us Shirataki tofu noodle.  It was a big surprise, either nobody knew or they didn't bother to mention.  Based on my little experience as a daily outside eater, I know only Curry House serves tofu noodle (the flat one).  Here, you get the tofu noodle for free and it's also all-you-can-eat.  As other yelpers mentioned, the meal comes with salad (Severs asked if we wanted to get more salad) and ice cream as well.    I have to mention the following - They even come by and scoop the cooked blood that sits on top of the water.  And they changed the scooping spoon and the water 3 or 4 times within a 2 hrs time frame.  This place surely earns the 5 stars in service.   

ps -  If I live in Henderson, it will definitely become my bi-weekly dinner spot.
The best Shabu Shabu in town for a unbeatable price tag!!!

Imagine this: for $18, you get a decent size thin sliced beef, all-you-can-eat Salad, Chinese cabbage, carrot slice, tofu, green bean, TOFU NOODLE, and rice. Unlimited dipping sauce - Sesame, Ponzu, and Spicy. PLUS, extremely FRIENDLY hospitality ------ this is indeed a Shabu Shabu Paradise.

Mind you, even for this price, all you have is quality food ingredients - everything fresh and crispy. Given that it is of course no where near those Wagyu beef you can have in Japan (omg..delicious)....for this price it is way above par. 

As a regular daily dine-out eater and experience with a lot of cuisine around the world, I start to notice thing other that fancy decor, hype reputation, and fancy presentation. From some tiny surprises and dedication (usually found in Japanese restaurant), it is where a true 'heart' of that restaurant can be revealed. As some previous fellow yelper has noted, the 'noodle' they offer is no mediocre UDON, it is TOFU NOODLE. that tiny change make way better texture in Shabu Shabu and that show the dedication to treat their guests with good eats.

Also, worth mentioning is their miso beef & fish. pretty tasty though the price ($7 I beleive) is a bit high.

Oh...did I forgot to mention their ice-cream with fruit syrup treat for FREE?
The best $18 I ever spent...LOL.

Thumb UP UP UP!!!!
Believe it or not, I actually came here from the strip.  It was a farther drive than I thought.  The restaurant was not easily spotted.  On a Friday night, the parking lot was really dark because the surrounding businesses were all closed.  I thought 'This place must be good to survive a location like this!'.  

It's not a big restaurant and there is only 1 waitress.  She takes the order, serves the food, and also cleans up.  Poor thing was running around like a busy bee.  When we got there, there was 3 tables finishing up with 1 table waiting for their food.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for her to serve the food and then clean up a table for us.  It really was not busy, but with just 1 server doing everything, service can be slow.  

Once we sat down, it didn't take long for us to decide what to order.  I ordered the Jack Beef ($18) and my fiance order the Queens Combo (1/2 Beef 1/2 Chicken).  My fiance said the chicken got tough really fast because it was so thin, even though he dipped it in the boiling water for 2 seconds and removed it.  The beef was really good but like the chicken, they were cut way thinner than the ones served in LA/OC.  (I'd give this place 5 stars if the meat was 'meatier'!)  I was really worried I had to order extra.  Luckily the veggie plate and rice  had unlimited refills.  With an extra plate of veggies, I actually got really full.  You get 3 sauces; 1 regular ponzu, 1 sesame, and 1 spicy ponzu.  I really liked the spicy ponzu sauce.  The sesame sauce was sweeter than those I've had but it was good, too.  

I can't  praise enough the server.  She was so sweet and attentive.  At the end, she gave me 2 coupon cards of $10 off.  She left the expiration date blank (normally 20 days from the dinning date)  because when she chatted with me, I told her we're from OC (she used to live in Costa Mesa).  

If you don't mind driving a few miles from the strip and especially if you actually live in Henderson, give this place a try.  I think you'd like it.
First off, this place is located in a place that really doesn't much business to gather from.  My girlfriend and I were the only two eating in there the whole time.  So the place was quiet.  The decor was nice and zen while keeping everything looking clean.  It's small, but the spacing was quite comfortable between each table.  

The service was great.  It may have been because we were the only two inside the restaurant.  The waitress was very friendly.  She would even go as far to teach my girlfriend how to eat either Shabu Shabu or Sukiyaki.  You can order either or both and they'll fill a small pale with both water or sukiyaki brother.  They have different dipping sauces to taste from.  However, the dipping sauces didn't appeal to me too much which is why I say I'd like the sukiyaki better at this place.  

My girlfriend ordered the beef and chicken dish while I ordered the shrimp and scallop dish.  The beef and chicken dish seemed a bit thin as in not much portions, but they were very good quality of meat and chicken.  The shrimps and scallops were fantastic.  They used sushi grade quality scallops, and I have to say that they were just delicious.  They also give you as many vegetables as you want which include snow peas, lettuce, carrots, tofu, green onions, and bamboo shoots.  The vegetables were also fresh in appearance.  The price was also very good especially since I had a coupon hehe.  

Well after experiencing dining here, I'd say that I'm glad there's a shabu shabu place nearby in Henderson.  I hope this place gets some more business though in their location.
I had planned on coming here to meet up with 2 friends from work the day after X'mas, but it didn't pan out.  On our way back to OC on 12/27/08, I told my fiance and my mom that we HAD to stop by here for dinner.  

It took a few minutes but our hostess/server eventually recognized us and she thanked us for coming back. My fiance and I had the Jack Beef and my mom had the Shrimp.  The shrimps were BIG and FRESH and a lot of them.  Wish we had order 1/2 beef and 1/2 shrimp instead.  In any case, they were really good!

 I am upgrading the rating to 5 stars because I really like it 'that' much!  Oh and she gave me 3 more $10 off coupon cards!  I guess I have to keep coming back again and again.  ;-)
I'm upping my stars to "five" because Shabu Shabu Paradise is just a great spot to eat at!

They have since added "sukiyaki"-style as an alternative option to the seaweed broth for shabu shabu.  It's not the kind of sukiyaki where the plate is sizzling and the sauce is thick, rather it's the flavoring of the broth is now different.

The Husband ordered the Queen Half Pork and Half Beef Dinner, (You can easily substitute the meats for each other, chicken for pork or beef, etc.)  while I had the Jack Scallop Dinner.  When my plate arrived, we were both very surprised with how much scallop came out.  Laid out ever so nicely, the quality grade is definitely sashimi-style.  (After reading about Steve X.'s experience, I was certain to ask for some wasabi and soy sauce so I could it raw.)

As Calvin L. mentioned, the noodles given to you are tofu noodles and they are SO good!  We definitely requested more of that because it's  yummy and definitely not something you see often.

Service is always exceptional.  Sometimes it can get a bit busy and you have to wait awhile longer, but the staff are so nice and friendly.  The wait can easily be overlooked.

Overall, Shabu Shabu Paradise is a bit pricier when you first look at the menu.  But in the end, when you get unlimited salad, rice, veggies, tofu noodles, and free ice cream dessert (vanilla with green tea powder this time), it's well worth it!

We're more than happy to eat there when we're in the area!

* Check out their website because they have Monday night specials and daily specials too!
This is my favorite restaurant in the Las Vegas are.  I have been coming here at least once a month for nearly two years. 

The course starts with a small salad with a delicious peanut based dressing. Next comes the vegetable plate which includes carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu and tofu noodles.  

Next comes the entree.  I almost always order the Jack Beef Shabu Shabu but they offer Sukiyaki and have shrimp, chicken and pork as well.  The Shabu Shabu comes with rice and three dipping sauces (spicy, sesame peanut and ponzu)  The night ends with a perfect scoop of ice cream.

I have tried other Shabu Shabu restaurants in town and have not found any others that compare in taste and service as Shabu Shabu Paradise. I will continue to come here and introduce others to it!
great service, great food, best of all AUTHENTIC.
unlimited 'okawari' of salad, rice, drink (soda), and vegetables.
make sure to get raw egg with your sukiyaki.  they'll also give you coupons after dining.  GO HERE.
It's a bit away from the Strip but if you are up for a good deal then this is the place to go. You get unlimited salad and vegetables. We even got some complimentary ice cream at the end. They use a different kind of noodle. It's white, flat and chewy and not the typical Udon.
The place is nice and clean. Service was very attentive and nice.
I have come many times and the food and service is always outstanding!  I love the lunch specials, but dinner is also a great deal.  I treated my dad who came from out of town and I love when I get to order for people!  We had the jack scallops and jack beef.  There is a Monday special - order a beverage with entree and get a % off depending on if it is alcoholic or not.  They always give coupons.  Drinks are free with lunch (even beer!)  I love the matcha green iced tea!

The scallops are high quality so they can be eaten raw or cooked.  Unlimited veggies include napa cabbages, tofu noodle (shirataki - you can buy these at whole foods if you want to make them at home - just boil and dip!), tofu, carrots, bamboo shoots, snow peas, green onions!  Then you get a small thing of shredded daikon and chopped scallions (my fave) to add to sauces or just eat, plus unlimited salad and steamed rice and the dipping sauces.  I LOVE the spicy sauce - the waitress showed me how it is made so I can make it at home.  I drank it all!  Also love the sesame peanut and ponzu of course.
The service is attentive and the waitress skims the fat off the top of the water and refills drinks constantly.  Ice cream is ALWAYS on the house - get it with matcha powder!!!  A great deal, very healthy, cooking food in spring water and no oil!!!  My dad is diabetic so it was great and very filling.  I will definitely be back...we need to keep this place open!  Very nice decor too - my dad noticed.
Awesome food, and a lot of fun for dates and groups. It's a relaxing way to eat slowly and socialize while cooking.

The meat and seafood are extremely fresh, and the unlimited vegetables and rice are a plus.  They restaurant has several discount opportunities.

I always feel healthy after eating at Shabu-Shabu Paradise.

When the Review-Journal posted a review, the place was always packed, but customers have dropped off recently. I hope it picks up soon.
Yes, I finally got a chance to experience paradise, Shabu Shabu Paradise that is. This place is quite small but very clean. Just a note: we noticed the smell of wet dogs inside the restaurant but I think it is because of the pet grooming place next door. Edemame and green mussels sauteed in garlic and sake started us off. We had the beef, shrimp and scallops. We decided to try the sukiyaki and regular Shabu Shabu style broth. You get three dipping sauces veggies, tofu noodles, rice and a salad with your entree. For some reason, I really liked the thinly sliced beef better than the seafood. Next time I shall try the Kobe beef. We must have asked for extra rice and vegetables more than a couple of times and the server was happy to accommodate us each and every time. Service was awesome. After our meal we were given some coupons for 20% off lunch specials and 25% of dinner meals. If the food and service does not lure you back. I am sure these great deals will. Shabu Shabu paradise found...not lost!
Came in from PHX to give Shabu Shabu Paradise a try based on the recommendation of a local friend. 

In a word....fantastic. The food was delish and the service was wonderful. It takes some time to get your food after you order because everything is cut fresh that day so be prepared to wait a bit. However, it is SO worth the wait! We had both Shabu-Shabu and sukiyaki and omg...yum.  The dipping sauces were good accompaniments and overall I can't say enough great things about this place!

The service was attentive, kind, and very helpful as for some of us, it was our first time. 

Can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas! :)
my boyfriend and I went to this restaurant twice. It is our favorite Shabu Shabu restaurant in Vegas. The service is great, you can share entrees for $6 split plate charge and you get unlimited salad and veggies. I wasn't a big fan of both of the ponzu sauces or the peanut sauce, so I always order the miso dressing they put on the salad and ask for an extra side garlic. This place is fun and delicious. A great place to take someone on a date too or friends. :)
One of my favorite places in Henderson! My husband and I have been here quite a few times and have never been dissappointed. The dining room is small so I wouldn't recommend going with a large group without a reservation. They also offer great discounts on Monday's!
My padawans, this place gets the five star Jedi Master class rating NOT all because of its food, which is fantastic, but for the service. The little Japanese waitress was so nice and cute, attending to our every needs. She also got extra brownie points for assuming my wife and I were japanese, and complimenting our LV bags. She put the S in service..we gave her a great tip. Food is great, pretty much as described by all the other yelpers. The proteins are good and clean, and the endless salad, rice, and veggies will satisfy any appteite, even Roseanne Barr or Rosie O Donnell combined as a fat Decepticon.
First time I came here, was from what I read about it on yelp--the food quality was great and loved the quiet ambiance. Since then, I've come here pretty much every month, sometimes alone or with family. I've introduced my family & friends to this place, and they all love it as well. You get endless veggies and a complimentary dessert and the service lady is really nice.  The pricing is very reasonable. The food is healthy.  I've tried numerous other places (in Las Vegas, Dallas, LA, Houston, Atlanta, Honolulu) and this place rocks!  The regular order of beef is AWESOME (fresh and not semi-frozen). Once you've tried this place, you won't want to try anywhere else that serves shabu-shabu/sukiyaki.
OK, I don't hae a ton of shabu experience, but I dragged some friends out to Shabu Shabu Paradise last week, and I'm glad that I did. SSP was pretty fucking awesome. 

We got in at 6pm on a Friday and the place was empty except for one other group. Still, the waitress/hostess seemed like it was gonna take a little effort to fit us in once she found out we didn't have a reservation. Anyway, so we sat down, and the waitress explained the shabu for the benefit of my compatriots. yadda yadda, we ordered, we ate. When we were done, we passed on the included ice cream because we had our passports ready for a trip to Yogurtland. So the waitress lady gave us a pile of coupons. It was a nice touch.

The food was good, the service was very friendly, the prices weren't bad, and the place was pretty nice. What else do you need?

PRO-TIP: It's a pretty small restaurant. People were turned away while we were eating. Might be worth calling ahead.
Extremely freshly prepped meats, poultry, and seafood at SSP...and they have enough room at their tables so you're not forced into "being social" or rubbing elbows with other parties.  The usual choices of beef, chicken, and shrimp are available, but the gem here is the black pork.  I only wish SSP had the same mushroom plate (with many types of scrumptous mushrooms) that is offered at Swish (now temporarily closed).  I also miss all the onions that Swish gives you.

Still, when considering the more relaxed atmosphere of Shabu Shabu Paradise, I'd have to put this place #1 in Las Vegas for shabu shabu and sukiyaki by a narrow margin over Swish.  The seating, cooking pots and equipment, utensils, and general setup seemed much more meticulously put together at SSP...whereas Swish was clearly set up to handle high volumes and a somewhat more raucous clientele.

The only disappointment - some substitute flavored green powder poured over vanilla ice cream masquerading as green tea ice cream...  What the heck is up with that???
Good food, and a great social event. It's a little taste of Japan in Henderson. And make sure to order the Japanese style pickles.
I have to admit, this is my first shabu shabu meal, but it was REALLY good! The beef is well marbled, the veggies fresh with ample refills & the scallops were FABULOUS! I have yet to find a sushi place that  sells scallops of such high quality for such a good price. I got a combo plate & had at least 10+ good sashimi-sized slices of tender, sweet scallop. Though you can cook it, I had mine with soy sauce & wasabi as recommended [both here and by the waitress]. It's totally the way to go, guys, so don't waste precious time cooking these bad boys & just eat them straight. I didn't sample any of the sake, and the only beer they have on hand is Sapporo. I drank multiple cups of genmai tea, which is brown rice & green tea- it was tasty, as well, having a toastier, nuttier flavor than regular green tea. The meal includes; a plate full of your meat of choice [also a vegetarian option available], salad (free refills), a plate of veggies with; cabbage, green onion, carrot, tofu & tofu noodles [free refills also]. We had icecream at the end, mine topped with green tea powder- others that had it agreed that it should have been more of a syrup. I liked it, but I like most anything involving green tea, so I'm biased. It's a bit out of the way, but it's worth making the trip. They also serve kobe and wagyu beef, and several appetizers, all of which I would like to try. Check it out, and get the scallops!
If I wasn't a regular at Swish, this place probably would be getting 4 stars. This place was good, but Swish is infinitely BETTER! Unfortunately, I live near SSParadise, so I will probably end up eating here more regularly than Swish. Here's my reasoning:

*Kobe beef prices. I can get a Kobe beef dinner for $16.95 at Swish. It's $40 at SSP. Let me tell you now, the Kobe at Swish is way better, too. Great marbling, better texture, tastier, etc. 
*Mushrooms! I don't eat veggies. I only eat mushrooms. These are freaking $3 extra at SSP, but I get free mushrooms at Swish!
*Udon noodles. The tofu noodles at SSP are border line disgusting. The husband and I had to pay $2 more each to get Udon noodles. Screw you SSP and your nasty noodles. Sorry not everyone is crazy enough to like tofu or those chewy things they call noodles. We shouldn't have to pay a surcharge to get normal noodles.
*Sukiyaki. The sukiyaki here is simply shabu shabu with a slightly flavored broth. The Swish sukiyaki is "real" in a sizzling plate and ROCKS! 

------------------

I do have to give them a leg up on the "regular" beef and their pork. Both were fantastic. Great meat quality! I'll stick to this instead of kobe from now on and do Swish when I want my kobe fix! Our meal here was quite pricey with all the bullsh*t add-ons (udon, mushrooms, split charge, etc), but like I said, I live in the neighborhood so I'll be back! I do love me some Shabu Shabu, I just wish they wouldn't screw you on the noodles and the mushrooms!
This was my first experience with Japanese hot-pot cooking, however, I was not disappointed. The waitress explained to us everything in detail and even demonstrated for us. She was extremely attentive even though she was the only server around, and the place actually got packed while we were there. Seems a little pricey, but once you see all of the food that you get (unlimited salad and rice, free dessert), you will see it is actually a pretty great deal. Highly recommended!
We just love  this restaurant, even though there is another shabu-shabu restaurant closer to us.  The Wife usually orders the "shabu-shabu style"  seaweed based broth, while I always order the "sukiyaki style" soy sauce based broth.  Both are mild in flavor.  The broth is placed in a stainless steel bowl on top of an induction cooker in front of you.  They have also creatively crafted a bowl shaped in a yin and yang, so that two people can enjoy both broths at the same time.  What a great idea!
You select the type of meat, poultry or seafood you desire.  I get either beef, pork or a mixture of both.  The Wife usually orders the raw sea scallops.  We found out that the scallops are sushi grade and not the tiny ones.  Forget cooking them in the broth, we just eat these neatly sliced and scrumptious raw scallops after dipping them straight into a mixture of soy sauce and wasabi.  
Another great thing about this place, is that the vegetables are unlimited.  Also, the salad is so tasty.  It's has this awesome dressing that is mayo-based, tangy, and has a slight sweet finish.  I usually end up ordering at least 2-3 salads because of that damn dressing.  
The main reason why I love this place is all about those tofu noodles.  This was where I had this type of noodle for the first time.  I always go insane and ask for heaps of it.  It's unlimited!!!  It's all about the texture of these noodles.  This noodle is perfect for shabu-shabu because no matter how long you leave it in the boiling hot broth, the noodle it's texture.  It does not get mushy.  It's so hard to describe its texture because it's slippery and soft but has a slight crunch to it.  It's like eating jellyfish in a jellyfish salad.  It's out of this world for my mouth!!!!  (i mean the noodles....hmmm maybe also the jellyfish salad, but i love both)  
Because of the mild flavor of the broths, after cooking each piece meat, vegetable, and tofu noodles, you are able to flavorize them by dipping them in either a peanut based, a ponzu, or a spicy ponzu sauce.  I love the spicy ponzu sauce because it has a good amount of heat and is just so tangy.  
I highly recommend this place.  The service has always been excellent and the flavors and quality of food has been so consistent for the number of times we have gone there.  I can't wait to go back there again!!!
Great service by a very attentive young lady who provided unlimited salad, veggies to cook and soda. We love the beef & scallops with a side of mushrooms. The only down side, parents who bring & do not control their children. Chop sticks are not drum sticks! It ruins a great date. Parents, for heavens sake, leave your unruly brats at home. They are not cute!
This restaurant has been on my radar since I read Misti's review, but it is rather far for me to visit just for some shabu shabu or sukiyai. However, since I was already in this neck of the woods for a doctor's appointment, I decided to drive a few miles down the street to pay Shabu Shabu Paradise a visit and decide for myself.

We I arrived, the restaurant has a table of 3 customers who were nearly done with their lunch.  So it was not busy at all for a Wednesday lunch.

I decided to splurge for the Kobe lineage Wagyu beef lunch special (L9) which is $32, and the most expensive lunch option on the menu.  Shortly after ordering the friendly waitress brought out my salad dressed with miso dressing. It was good and I was offered another refill of the salad while the lunch items were being brought out.  I also went with the option of 1/2 shabu shabu (water with a piece of kelp) and 1/2 sukiyaki in one pot.  I think it is a good idea to do it this way, if you can't decide which you would prefer or if you just to enjoy both in one sitting.  Overall, I think he Kobe beef is good, but the portion is small, unlike those of the regular beef or chicken, based on the photos others have uploaded to Yelp. But I was still able to leave the restaurant very satisfied after wolfing down 4 plates of veggies, 2 bowls of rice, and 2 salads, plus several refills of Coke.  I didn't get any ice cream though, not sure if they discontinued that or it is not part of the lunch special.

Regarding service, it was excellent.  The waitress checked up on me and the settings on the induction stove fairly often, and refills my Coke even when it is only half full. I didn't have to ask for a beverage refill once!

Anyway, it is a nice little restaurant with a very attentive staff, which I will look forward to visiting the next time I am in Henderson.

I will give it a 4 stars - for excellent service, good tasting food, and ambiance of the restaurant.
Sometimes trying to eat healthy without resorting to itty bitty portions or bland food can be a chore. Shabu Shabu Paradise is our go-to spot when we are really hungry, but still want to maintain some level of healthiness. 

The restaurant itself is fairly small, seats around 25 to 30 people. I've never had to wait for a table though. Decor is simple but nice. For those unfamiliar with how shabu works, your food is all served raw and you cook it yourself in a large bowl of broth. 

When ordering at Shabu Shabu Paradise you really don't have to decide on too much. First you need to decide on your meat (beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, scallops or you can go the vegetarian route) and portion size. And then you select shabu, sukiyaki or both for your cooking style. There are appetizers you can order as well, I like the crab sunomono salad.  

Meals come with a simple salad that has a very tasty dressing. In addition to your meat you get a bowl of rice and a selection of veggies, some tofu and noodles. Here is where it gets awesome: You can have unlimited refills on everything except the meat. Want 4 salads? No problem. Want more veggies? They will give you some. And there is even ice cream included for desert...  

The thing that makes Shabu Shabu Paradise stand out for me is the service. It is a small place, every time we have gone in the same waitress has been working by herself. No matter how busy they may get, she is always sweet and attentive. She knows that I never eat my tofu and always want more carrots, and she brings out my plate of veggies just the way I like it. I love that personal touch. 

If you are thinking about checking this place out, and I highly recommend you do, try to make it on a Monday night. That is when they have the best specials:
15% Off  Any Entre (which drink purchase)        
20% OFF  All Kobe Dinner (which drink purchase)
30% OFF  All Sake, Wine & Beer
Everybody that is planning on visiting us in Vegas, just know that we WILL be dining at this restaurant. Easily one of the BEST dining experiences I've had since moving to the area 4 years ago.
I ate here for lunch with a friend for the first time a few weeks ago. 
I ordered the rib-eye sukiyaki style, and she the beef & chicken sukiyaki. The vegetable tray had a variety of veggies and noodles, and meat appeared fresh and perfect. 

I would have rated 4 stars, but I was a little disappointed with the depth of the hot pot. I was expecting a more shallow pot (like they provide at my regular shabu-shabu place) so as to better control the temperature and see the veggies and meat as they cook vs. constantly swirling and "digging" them up from the bottom.  

Overall, the food was delicious and the price point was very affordable for lunch - $15 per person and includes unlimited veggie plate refills.  I will definitely return.
This is such a special place.  So Eric R. and I ate here right before he proposed to me at the M back in June.  He brought a close friend visiting him here and told our favorite waitress/owner that we got engaged.  When we returned last night, she congratulated me immediately!  She was so happy for us.  The experience was great as usual - she knew before I did that I wanted double spicy sauce and that Eric didn't want any.  We added the mushrooms and they were great!  Shiitakes taste amazing in the sukiyaki broth!

They added oysters on special for shabu shabu or on the half shell.  Eric isn't into them so I will have to try them next time.  To top off the great meal, we got 10% off in celebration of our engagement.  I am so glad I moved 3 miles closer to Shabu Shabu Paradise!  It is now a viable option for a healthy meal nearby!!!
My g/f and I come here about once a month and we are never disappointed.  The food is excellent.  I usually get the sukiyaki and she gets the shabu shabu.  If you get the sukiyaki, I have some recommendations.  First, order the raw egg with the meal.  Crack the egg into the small bowl they give you with the egg, then beat to mix the egg yoke and white together.  When you pull a piece of cooked food out of the hot pot, dip it in the egg then eat.  When I dip a piece of the cooked meat in the egg, then put it in my mouth, it melts...  So good and there's nothing else like it.  I would also recommend that you order a side of mushrooms and udon noodles to add to your hot pot.  

Check the web site for specials.
This place was wonderful! The food was amazing and the service was excellent. It was very quaint and was a great place to take your special someone out too. They even gave us coupons to come back!

I had a seafood platter of scallops and shrimp. The scallops were amazing in both broths. Me and my boyfriend had the split broth in the yin and yang hot pot. It was amazing.

You do get unlimited salad and veggies as well which was awesome. The noodles are so good too.

I adore this place...the service, the food, the atmosphere.  Shabu-Shabu, I do-I do :)
Love, this place.
My first shabu experience!

Thank you Misti and Bobby for taking me to Shabu Shabu Paradise on Sunday night when I arrived to Vegas...

From the salad to the seconds and thirds of veggies, I really enjoyed the meal.  I went with Jack (Single Portion) #2 - Large Shrimp Shabu-Shabu ($20).  It was a lot of food, and so much fun to cook up myself.  I enjoyed the dipping sauces too.  The nice thing about this cuisine is that despite eating a lot, I didn't feel overly full.  The food is pretty light, which I love!

I will have to return, however, as I just read on Wikipedia that "Once the meat and vegetables have been eaten, leftover broth from the pot is customarily combined with the remaining rice, and the resulting soup is usually eaten last." ---- I didn't know this!  I left all of the leftover broth instead of eating it like soup!

We skipped dessert and opted instead to treat ourselves to foot massages.  What a fabulous night!
What is there to say that the other reviews haven't? I love coming here. My boyfriend and I try to get here once a month if possible. Truthfully, I could eat here every other day if it wasn't so far from where I live. The portions are satisfying and that the AYCE salad and sides is just wonderful. The free ice cream dessert is just enough to compliment the end of the meal.
 
I am not a vegetable eater, but I love them when I come here. I like taking the napa cabbage and dipping it into the spicy ponzu sauce. I regret the burn each time but it is so good I end up doing it again. They have a wonderful sesame peanut sauce that I could just slather all over everything. I think it compliments the beef and the tofu best, or at least that is how I like it. The edamame was good and had just the right amount of salt. I like getting the queen portion 1/2 beef and 1/2 scallop. I love the scallops. The are slightly sweet and very tender. I usually have shabu shabu, my bf likes sukiyaki.

The great thing about eating here, is that the pace at which you eat ensures you don't get stuffed to uncomfortableness. The leisurely way of cooking and eating makes for an excellent conversation setting. The staff (so far I have only seen two servers, the second one was only present on a holiday) is courteous, friendly and attentive. I believe the value you get for your dollar is well worth it. It also helps that they give you coupons every time you visit!
SWISH SWISH!!

So close to me, and this is the first trying it, I am upset with myself. So, my review probably sounds like the rest on here... but... power by numbers!!

The waitress was running the whole place by herself and I never felt left alone. She had no problem suggesting what my friend and I to get, nor had a problem teaching us the way of Shabu-Shabu (we had to ask the obvious of what it meant, yes.. it means swish swish ;]). 

For $28 it was a seemingly unlimited meal (excluding meats): salad, vegetables, noodles, tofu, and broth. Because we split the selection we had a $6 split charge, but that was no biggie to me. You are getting so much food, it only seems fair.

I recommend getting the split pot of Shabu Shabu and Sukiyaki broth. With the Shabu broth you get 3 dipping sauces ponzu, peanut, and a spicy sauce. With the Sukiyaki you get just the broth which has a Teriyaki flavor. Next time, I believe I will again get a split pot because the sauces were yummy and the Sukiyaki broth was good on its own..

I can't wait to come back and gorge myself on broth and veggies:]
... and then get some "on the house" ice cream.
WOWOWOW! Holy crap, but this place is beyond awesome! Finally was able to try this place! I've been to swish and this place is soooooo much more better! All you can eat vegetables, need I say more?! I, like everyone else, love those tofu noodles. They are a little chewy, but no way near as chewy as udon noodles are. I love the fact that you can get shabu shabu broth AND sukiyaki broth! 

First off, the one lady who works there all by herself is just... I'm speechless. She works so hard. And she is so efficient! 

I got the Queen 1/2 beef and 1/2 scallops. Both soooo juicy and tender! I had to take advantage and ended up getting two orders of salad and veggies! Mmmm. Vegetables include napa cabbage, carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu, snow peas, and the tofu noodle. The bamboo shoots & snow peas were really delicious... never would have thought to use those! The real reason behind second order of veggies were for those tofu noodles!

The place is easy to find and very clean. And did I mention that service is friggin' great?! And the food is even better. I will definitely be visiting this little joint much more often now.

OH! And I forgot to mention you get a complimentary vanilla ice cream at the end of the meal! You get a choice of strawberry or chocolate syrup or green tea powder!
I have been eager to try this restaurant after reading so many rave reviews. Unfortunately, it is quite a long drive from my usual haunts. However, I finally got my chance when I found myself in the vicinity of SSP after returning from a hike in Goldstrike Canyon and Hot Springs.

On Sunday evening, it was relatively quiet with only several other customers. The decor is relatively spartan with deep reds and bold blacks punctuating the contemporary feel of this space. I was greeted and seated without delay.

The menu consists of a selection of appetizers and main entrees. You can choose between shabu shabu or sukiyaki styles or even both apparently. Included with your entree are unlimited vegetable platters consisting of tofu, napa cabbage, carrots, green onions, and flat tofu noodles. Meat portion sizes are designated as Jack, Queen, King, or Ace. You may mix and match the various meats which include beef, kurobuta pork, organic chicken, shrimp, scallops, and kobe beef. You also receive a small salad, white rice, both with unlimited refills, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream with mandarin orange and pineapple slices for dessert.

Being quite ravenous after my physically demanding hike, I opted for the King size sukiyaki ($23) with 1/2 beef and 1/2 pork. While I was waiting for my hot pot to boil and meat to be sliced, I had 2 servings of the small salad. It was tasty and served with a sesame-based dressing, but not particularly noteworthy. Finally, the meat arrived, sliced paper-thin. Although I am an unabashed carnivore, I ended up having 3 plates of veggies and that was one of my favorite aspects of the meal. The flavors were terrific and far superior to Swish.

As always, there is some room for improvement. What I would like to see is some mushrooms, i.e. enoki, shiitake, or matsutake, included with the veggies, even if they had to raise prices modestly. As it stands, a single order of mushrooms can be had for $3. I love some spice with my shabu shabu or sukiyaki. Unfortunately, they do not have chili oil available as a condiment, but at least they do have another favorite, shichimi togarashi (Japanese chili powder). Dessert could use some work. I opted for the green tea powder topping, but the other choices were either a chocolate or strawberry sauce. I would strongly prefer real green tea, chocolate, or strawberry ice cream over the scoop of vanilla with the various toppings. While the mandarin orange slices were okay, the anemic and pale pineapple came from a can. However, all of these are nitpicks in the big scheme of things.

The single hostess/waitress is a model of efficiency. My water glass was rarely empty for long. She regularly stopped by to ask if I wanted more vegetables or if there was anything else that I needed. At the end of my meal, my bill was presented and processed swiftly. From what I understand, all customers are given 2 discount coupons to be used on a future visit. The first is for 20% off lunch. The second gives you $10 off your bill with minimum purchase of 2 entrees and 2 beverages. They also have Monday Night Madness specials which include 15% off any entree, 20% off all Kobe dinners, both with required beverage purchase, and 30% off all sake, wine, and beer.

Overall, the nice peaceful ambience, efficient service, and delicious food at reasonable prices makes SSP a real gem. If they can address some minor issues, they are fully capable of a coveted 5 star rating. Here's to wishing that they are successful and eventually expand to Summerlin, preferably sooner rather than later.
The Skinny: great service, reasonable prices, and a great ponzu sauce has me coming back again and again despite the lengthy drive - 30 miles, yo! (4), service: efficient service where a glass is never empty without asking, a waitress always asks whether you want more... (4.5), value: lunch is a better value for your dollar but dinner is also quite reasonable (4).

High marks goes to all the Yelpers who love this place. I've been dying to try out Shabu Shabu Paradise and my hubby indulged me after being away from Vegas for 6 agonizing weeks. Due to my late flight in (which I won't even get into because it was possibly the worst flight of my life - whole different story), my hubby called ahead to ensure that they would take us in. The lady informed him that as long as we got into the restaurant before 9:30 pm, it would be okay. Sweet!

So we squeeked in 15 minutes before closing and were welcomed (genuinely) by the waitress. She never left a beverage unfilled and kept bringing us all the accompaniments we needed without asking for it. She was the most efficient waitress we've had in a long time.

Portion sizes for the meat are Jack ($18; only one choice of protein), Queen ($18 for 2 choices of protein) and King ($23 for two choices of protein) and they serve finely sliced kurobata pork, organic chicken and high quality beef. Seafood (scallop, shrimp) are extra. Veggies plates are unlimited and include: green onion, sliced bamboo, carrot, napa cabbage, tofu (medium soft), and tofu noodles. Mushrooms are an extra $3 as a side or can be ordered as the vegetarian only option ($12) and the choices include shittake, enoki and maitaki varieties. Your meal will also include unlimited salad and a bowl of ice cream for dessert during dinner time.

Shabu shabu here is the thing to order - a simple broth made with seaweed (kombu) served with the freshest vegetables you have and the best quality meat you can find. The ponzu is fantastic - the strong citrus flavouring of yuzu really comes through and tantalizes your tastebuds. So good! The sesame sauce adds a sweet richness to the cooked ingredients. Spicy ponzu has quite a kick - be forewarned!

The sukiyaki is similar to the shabu shabu however the broth is derived from a sweet soy sauce. You eat the sukiyaki without any adornments.

There are a couple reasons though, this restaurant does not get a full 5-stars.

First, the waygu beef is sliced a little too thin for my tastes. When you have something as luxurious as waygu, it is best served in thicker slices for you to enjoy the melt-in-your-mouth-ness. When sliced so thin, it is hard to tell the difference between wagyu and regular beef due to it's tendency to be overcooked. (FYI - cook the meat only to pink if you ordered wagyu - otherwise the cow will haunt your dreams for such an egregious insult). Tip: try the wagyu during lunch time as it's more affordable in combination with the 20% lunch coupon.

Secondly, the sukiyaki broth a little thin for my tastes - I really like a slightly thicker flavoured broth.  

Finally, the dessert was rather poor considering the quality of the other parts of the meal: a scoop of ice cream with either chocolate sauce, green tea powder, or strawberry sauce then topped with canned fruit. To be honest, some small slices of fresh fruit would have been more preferable.

Overall, the experience fulfilled my craving for an Asian soul food winter staple. Coupled with some really great lunch/dinner coupons, it cleared up the sniffles better than chicken soup and is good on the wallet! 4 star review.
Great place -- and great concept if you haven't had it before.  "Japanese fondue" is served up here at a reasonable price.  Mmmmm, need to go back soon.
Not bad,as I have gone to shabu shabu dinners back home in CA ,but never lunch, so I tried their lunch here in Henderson, yummy and the service was on top of everything, extra rice,veggies,drinks if you so liked... Lots of parking out in front. Lunch specials come with free soda or tea and reasonably priced....Yes I will be going back for lunch...
We drive 20 miles out of our way to eat here, and have done so 4 times over the last 4 months. The vegetables and tofu noodles keep us coming back, and the waitstaff is incredibly attentive. We always get 4 or 5 salads (re-orders are included) and our meal ends up taking about 90 minutes from start to finish. They recently raised their price on some of their dinners, but it is still well worth it. 

Their iced Green Tea is the really kelp-green kind, and their tofu noodle is the perfect balance of al dente and 'springy'. I had never had tofu noodle before I'd eaten here, and I am now in love with it. The unlimited vegetables, tofu and tofu noodles make for a really liberating dining experience. The fact that this stuff is unlimited makes the $6 share charge a no-brainer. Party of two? Order one dinner, add the $6 share charge and you are all set. Dinner includes dessert which is usually ice cream with your choice of topping, and they always offer two desserts if you're sharing. 

Everytime we leave Shabu Shabu Paradise I walk away full, but not stuffed. Unlike AYCE sushi where the expanding rice almost always gets the best of me in the end!

Oh yeah, watch for rocks kicking up on the I-215 on the way out there.
Yes i agree with everyone else that this place is good but that's where i draw the line.

10 out of 10 for authentic japanese style

The only thing that gets me is the bang to buck ratio. For what we paid for a half beef half seafood we could have got a lot more. 

What i think i'm trying to say is this place is good if you want to make an impression on someone or a out of town group or want authentic shabu shabu. 

I honestly wouldnt consider coming back. There's a lot more places where 20-30 dollars can get you a lot more food that's a lot closer to my location.
Shabu Shabu Paradise has been our favorite place for shabu shabu for quite awhile now.  

We go there often, and we love that the waitress remembers specific details about how we like our food and condiments.  (Specifically, the evening waitress since we see her the most.)

This year, I haven't been able to indulge in their raw scallops, so we've been ordering their beef only.  (Pretty soon though, I'll be back on the raw scallop diet!  Yes, you can eat their scallops raw - ask for some soy sauce and wasabi.)  Sometimes I'll pick the mushroom option for a little change though.

They also have raw garlic paste which is nice to add to your ponzu sauce, be sure not to add it to your broth because it'll boil over and make a mess! 

We love their salad and dressing - no iceberg lettuce here!  And we love the free refills on that!

We love their veggies and of course, can't get enough of their tofu noodles.  Yes, free refills on all of that too!

Most recently, we did the whole split plate charge (courtesy of reading Bobby Y.'s review).  It says there on the menu that they'll charge you $6 for a split plate and here, it's so worth it!  We ordered one item from the Jack menu and paid the additional six.  This worked out well since I wasn't eating that much beef and the Husband could have it all to himself for the most part.  Meanwhile, I still get my fill on the salad, rice, veggies, tofu noodles, and dessert too!  Not a bad way to spend $6 in my opinion!

And you can't help but love that they give coupons out every time you visit - it's hard getting there within the next 20 days though.  Their lunch prices can't be beat either - free beer or soda?! Wow!  (And as one friend pointed out, it's a real full glass of beer...not a tiny little one.)
Shabu Paradise is an amazing find! SSP has great fresh quality ingredients and amazingly friendly service. I love my veggies and I LOVE SSP's unlimited vegetables. Also, I always get a raw egg to dip my sukiyaki and since SSP uses freshest ingredients I don't have to worry about getting sick from food poisoning. Plus, the vanilla ice cream w/ match powder puts an exclamation mark at the end of a quality authentic shabu meal.

Worth the drive from LV =)
Although I've only eaten here a couple of times (the only times that I've experienced shabu shabu) and gotten two different dishes, I have thoroughly enjoyed their lunch menu.  The fact that they offer a free beer, soft drink, or tea was pretty enticing.

The salad, although simple, was pretty good.  By good, I mean fresh, and that the leaves and tomato slices weren't drowning in their dressing.  It helped that the waitress kept coming to our table again and again to ask if we wanted our salad replenished.  

The waitress was very helpful and informative in explaining the way that the food was to be cooked, in demonstrating the proper way to cook the food and to clear the pots for cooking, as well as explaining the different uses for each dipping sauce.

We didn't order anything other than the usual entrees (chicken + chicken, chicken + meat), but they did seem also generous with the amount of vegetables--the usual bean sprouts, noodles, tofu, etc.  

Since my dad has a pacemaker and was unable to stay within close proximity of the cooking area, the waitress ended up preparing the food for him. 

We ended up getting two rounds of vegetables, on top of the two rounds of salads.

The only gripe that I have is that there weren't bigger portions of the beef or chicken, in comparison to the price that we paid.

At least we were given some lunch vouchers for 20% off our next visit.  

Overall, great experience each time.  The portions, however, left me wanting more.
Delicious! Lunch special is such a good value and super filling. Super friendly staff but service gets a little slow especially when it's busy.
Very nice place. Brought my family here for a great dining experience:

Location - A bit off the beaten path, but that adds to it's "find" as a nice place to eat.

Ambiance - A bit sterile, but clean and warm. since this place is out of the way, and it is a bit sterile, it has a very modern feel. Overall, it is pleasant and not an issue.

Food - Fresh, good quantity and flexible. You can order any size dish you want, vegetable, pork, chicken and beef as well as seafood. Nice appetizers and great tea. If you haven't had Genmai tea yet, try it. Nice green tea with roasted brown rice. Very flavorful.  Cooking the food in the clear water or the sukiyaki (suggest you try both) is fun. They give you dipping sauces for the clear water method and while not extremely taste overpowering, it is subtle and refined. For those that enjoy being overloaded with powerful taste or spices, you have to prepare yourself for the subtlety that is shabu shabu at it's finest.

Service - For one waitress, very excellent. She will also "train" you on how to eat Shabu Shabu and how to cook it.

Price - Very good.  For three people, with drinks and good amount of food, you might spend up to 75.00. Figure on 20-25 per person depending on what you order.

Reservations - not required, but they have three tables of four, nd one long table that perhaps seats a total of 18 or so?

Parking - Very easy. In an underused strip mall in the burbs.

Finally - You gotta try it. this place will grow on you. I have taken family and business partners there.
This is a hidden gem, the service is awesome ... but the food is even better. The lunch special is great in expensive and free beer. The portions is perfect. This is the best shabu shabu place in Henderson and Las Vegas area. Like I said it is a hidden gem. FYI everything is fresh ... i have eaten here more than 10 times ... I have not had 1 single bad meal or experience.
Very cozy shabu shabu place in an unusual location at the base of MacDonald Highlands.

Very nice shabu shabu (the wife went for the sukiyaki so the pan looks kinda like a ying yang symbol).

Meat was very very thin, just need to boil it for a moment. All the add-on's (tofu, noodles, vegtables) are very nice.  It is very fresh and easy to eat over a long time.  

We also had the black cod (super yummy) and oysters on the half shell (very fresh and tasty) as appetizers along with the edaname (which always goes better with a beer in hand)

This place is small so be sure to book a reservation.

We prefer Chinese Spicy Hot Pot (Just had little sheep a few weeks ago in shanghai and that is super yum) but the nuanced tastes of japanese really come through with this place. It is very traditional, and I am always happy if I am one of the few gweilo's (or in this case gaijin)in a place.
I discovered about this place when I googled shabu-shabu, henderson, nv..and to my surprise I had no idea there was one located in my area.  I quickly browsed on yelp to brief on the reviews and the hours of business on this place and I immediately decided to give it a try.  

The place closes at 9:30 on weekdays and looking at the time it was a little pass 9:00 p.m. and by the time I arrived there it was almost nearing 9:20.  The place was actually not that hard to find since it's located right across from the Mcdonald Ranch estates. By the time I walked through the door, I thought they weren't going to serve me and I figured better luck tommorrow, instead the nice waitress didn't hesitate to ask me "how many?'  I told her if its too late I'll come back tomorrow but she said don't worry, please have a seat." ( Automatically scored lots of points for that one =) )

The atmosphere was nice and clean and the decor was simple and straight to the point. The place is small but just rightly sized.  And for some reason I have a thing for small quaint hole in the wall places. Maybe it's just because most places where I've enjoyed some real great dining experiences in my life took part in such places.  

Since I already overlooked the menu before arriving there, I already knew what to order and I ordered the King all beef shabu-shabu plate which is supposedly the largest beef plate you can get and that was priced for
 ( $23 ). whats great about the plates is that it comes with unlimited veggies and rice which most shabu shabu places don't offer. Accompaning my meal I ordered a glass of  iced green tea. 

When the food arrived, the iced tea was that very cloudy green concoction which I've always favored and it made me happy to see that, so right away good feelings were starting to kick in about this place. She also brought out my salad which arrived in a small yet proportionate bowl and I liked the dressing that was on my salad, its just too bad there wasn't a bit more on it.

When she brought out the plates, there was a plate of my veggies, the usual veggie shabu shabu plate which consumes of cabbage, noodles, carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu cubes, green onions but no enoki mushrooms or any mushrooms of any kind which I can totally do without during a shabu shabu dining experience. The shabu meat plate was a heaping of beef, which all looked very fresh, appealing and tasty. She also brought out three bowls of dipping sauce and they were Ponzu, a sesame-peanut, and a spicy sauce which looked very much liked the ponzu.

Another thing I liked to point out is that they used actual glass heated stoves underneath their pots instead of the individual stove burners with the propane can. 

So I now I started with my meal, swishing the meat and adding the veggies in the two parted pot ( you are also given the option to do half sukiyaki and half shabu-shabu ) and my first try was the ponzu sauce, and it was a good, light, citrusy flavor. it was not too acidic and bold like other ponzu dipping sauces I've had. Then I tried the peanut sesame and also was good and the peanut flavor was light and wasn't heavy ( thank goodness ), my favorite one of all was actually the spicy because it had a spicy kick to it at the end of the bite.

During my meal the nice lady waitress would check up on me from time to time and clean my water with the ladle and make sure my broth was clear of the meat boil build-up .  She was very sweet and extremely helpful which made my first time experience all the better.

In the end with everything the bill totaled to $27.00 which was not bad at all.  The one great thing I can say about shabu shabu paradise that everything I ate was most importantly clean and fresh. It may not be as great as other shabu shabu places I had in the past but the food is pretty tradition shabu shabu, the atmosphere, the cleanliness, the option of endless rice and veggies, a free dessert in the end, and wonderful friendly helpful service from just ONE waitress made everything so much more pleasant. =) =) 2 thumbs up for the waitress.

Definitely coming back here, again and again. =)

p.s. I loved the vanilla ice cream that was topped with a green tea matcha powder and slice of peach... verry yummy! =) and the fact they hand you some discount card coupons on your next visit. saweet! =)
We miss this place like crazy!!  Nothing up here in Sacramento compares to the simple, clean, DELICIOUS, and generous shabu shabu (and sukiyaki) of SSP!!  Everything up North is cluttered, too noisy, too "saucy", or just...not quite the same quality.  I hope Shabu Shabu Paradise continues to thrive and keep everyone full and happy!

As I think SSP's owners are really Japanese (not Korean, Chinese, etc.)...so I hope all's ok with their relatives in Japan, too.
The best quality shabu shabu in Las Vegas
Relaxing dining experience! Server was very knowledgable and explained how the experience works in a very professional manner. The green tea with rice is phenomenal (I'm thinking of ordering some to go). We ordered half shabu and half tepenaki-- the tepenaki was my favorite! Beef and pork were our proteins and they offer salad, rice, veggies, and tofu unlimited while you dine. Really fantastic experiance and what a hidden gem!
Nothing is more gratifying than having control over what you eat. Shabu shabu is light, clean, and comes with unlimited sides. By our western standards, the amount of meat that you get is not abundant, and I am alright with that. The servings come in three different sizes. Jack, a single serving of one protein. Queen, gives you the ability to do two half portions of different meats. Lastly, the king, where you are allowed a more bountiful amount with the option of splitting. 

Each pot comes in a yin yang pattern to give you the option of having the sukiyaki, regular, or both. I recommend the half and half. The soy sauce base, sukiyaki, is a delicious complement to the spicy and citrus dipping sauces. The regular shabu shabu is best for the peanut sauce because it is a strong flavor with a thick consistency.

When the meat came out, I thought it would not be enough. As the meal progressed, I had almost forgotten about it completely. Instead I was enjoying the all you can eat vegetables, salad, tofu, and rice. I had polished off four plates of veggies and tofu. Even after eating all that, I left here feeling satisfied and not disgusted.

The server was awesome. She was on top of refilling our drinks, and offering an endless bounty of side dishes. She was so patient with the confused guest that came in after us, walking them through the entire menu and offering suggestions. This debunks my whole argument about being neglected and ignored is how Japanese like their service.
Thank you Yelpers because I NEVER would have found this place without using Yelp.  I live just down the street from the restaurant but I never would have found it.  It sits in a office complex area and sits in the corner of the complex.  When you see the place from the outside nothing even hits and the wonderful yumminess that awaits you inside!

My husband and I went out for date night here and I cannot tell how happy we were!  The food is AMAZING!  We have never dons Shabu-Shabu so we did not know what to expect.  The waitress was VERY nice and explained what we should do.  You have a pot of broth placed in front of you to cook the raw food and then are given three dishes of sauce to dip the food in but I am getting ahead of myself...

First you decide your entree and asked your choice of broth (shabu-shabu or sukiyaki).  I would recommend getting both.  Then we were brought a salad (You can get extra salad, rice, vegetables, and tofu for free).  The miso dressing on the salad was great and the greens in the salad fresh and crisp.  Next we were brought our rice, vegetables and tofu along with the three dipping sauces.  The waitress explained that first sauce was a sesame and yuzu (Japanese citrus) sauce.  It has a tart flavor and was incredible with the seafood, chicken, pork and tofu we ordered.  The next sauce was a peanut based sauce.  It is thicker than the sesame sauce and has a sweet taste. It was WONDERFUL with the maitaki mushroom, undo noodle, chicken, and tofu. The last sauce I caught the waitress saying it was spicy but I had NO idea...lol.  I about burned my mouth off when I tried it.  :D  We asked the waitress what people did with the sauce and she said many people mix it into the first two sauces.  We tried that and it made the sesame more amazing because you got a tart and hot.  The peanut sauce was better too.  My husband also said he added the scallions to the sesame and daikon radish to the peanut sauce and it was really good.

We ate and ate.  My husband even asked for seconds of tofu (something he rarely eats)!  For the two of us our bill came to about $55.  That is with tax and tip.  All I can say it is worth it! We left VERY full and did nothing but talk about one of the best meals we have had out in a LONG time!

Please find time to eat there if you get a chance.  You won't be disappointed!
I have been to this place now about 6 times. 

1.  Who to take - I have taken business colleagues from San Francisco, capital of great food, from Rome, it doesn't get better food from Italy, as well as friends from Vegas.  Everyone loves this place. How about that for a recommendation?

2.  Great for - dates, a fun experience, learning, healthy food.

3.  Price - Very worth it!!!

4.  Location - Near empty strip mall on northeast corner of Horizon Ridge and Valle Verde in Henderson.

5.  Parking - Easy, 

6.  Tables - Three tables seating four and one long one that can seat perhaps 10 or 12?

7.  Food - You simply order what you want, beef, pork, chicken, seafood and it is preferable to order one dish per person. If too much and you want to share one dish, you can, however, you get charged for sharing.  You can get the entire cooking pot filled with water or water on one side and sukiyaki sauce on the other side. This is what we always do.

8.  Experience - This is a great place to experience the subtleness of Japanese joy of eating and delicate flavors. Gotta try it for sure!

GK says, don't wait, go!
Great find! Just happen to see this place while driving by. Been wanting to try Shabu Shabu and i definently know where i'll be going next time i want some good hot pot. We had 4 kinds of meat and unlimited veggies, tofu & tofu noodles to cook, the package also came with desert. 3 sapporo's and all for only $50. Very tasty, but light meal. Next time we'll try the sukiyaki. The wait staff was VERY friendly and we even stayed past closing time and they were still bringing us food. GREAT PLACE!
Yummmmmm!!!! Great food.... Slightly dark atmosphere but delishhhhh food! Great for everyone! Lots of veggie dishes as well!
Went here with a friend who was on a diet and was in need of some diet friendly healthy food.  It was a great meal.  The waitress was quick and helpful.  The best part is that it was kind of slow to cook your own food.  So for someone on a diet, it was nice that their meal wasn't over so quickly.

My 8 year old boy also enjoyed cooking his own food.  All around it was a special meal.

We will be back!!
First, I have to state the obvious...we are NOT in Little Tokyo (LA).  

That aside, this is the best place I've found in Vegas for Shabu Shabu.  An old co-worker of mine turned me on to it.  She used to go there for their lunch specials, but it has mostly been a dinner spot for me.  

Like all good Shabu Shabu places, you have to call ahead to make reservations.  This is not only to ensure an open table, but to allow the staff the time to make sure you receive the best possible dining experience.  

Every time I've gone we've had the same server, and she's the best.  Treat her well and she'll make sure you have a good time.  

I normally go with the King 9 (beef) in Shabu Shabu broth.  The shoyu and sesame sauces are amazing.  Especially the spicy shoyu.  The veggies and noodles help to round out the meal.  Any of the extras are good too.  

Their beer and sake menu is decent, if not extensive.  I've never been disappointed with what they have served.  Though I, admittedly, am no expert....yet
I highly recommend this restaurant. The original Japanese style Shabu - Shabu !!!! My wife and I tried so many restaurants,This place is the most delicious Shabu- Shabu we have had. 
Always fresh vegetables and top grade meats,seafoods. We LOVE !!!!!
Also very clean restaurant ,we've been going this place over two years, Always the health district grade A (There's so many dirty restaurants)
Plus excellent service by owner server Junko -San is very kind. If you never been this place? You should try!!!! You'll see what I mean.
Food: I got the Kobe beef Shabu Shabu, and it pretty much melted in my mouth. Everything else was pretty standard fare.

Service: Friendly & Attentive.

Ambience: very...red. It's nice that they use induction stoves, and pots that look like a yin and yang symbol.
Great shabu shabu! I have come here for their lunch special over a dozen times in the few months. The waitress is one of the owners, and she's great at explaining how to shabu shabu like an expert. 

Their food is fresh, and their veggies and salads are unlimited. One tip: if you get sukiyaki, slightly dip your rice bowl in the broth and let it sit for a few minutes (otherwise you'll burn your mouth on the hot broth). What you get is a tasty, brothy rice side with fantastic flavor.

The restaurant is small yet clean and nicely decorated, and when I've gone for lunch they are never packed.
I've eaten here a couple of times and love it.  It's simply a different dining experience!

I first came here on the recommendation of a friend last year.  I was initially hesitant about the concept but after my first visit, was converted into a shabu shabu booster member.

I like to describe shabu shabu as pho meets fondue.  Essentially, each table has a table top electric stove.  You select different types of thinly sliced meat, which are brought out raw.  The server brings out pots filled with water, which are heated on the table top stove, along with either seaweed/kelp or sukiyaki, or both. (The pot has a divider, so one side can be sukiyaki and one side can be seaweed.)

The fun part comes next: taking the meat, dipping it into the pot and swishing it back and forth until it's cooked.  Shabu shabu literally means swish swish.  (Or so Wikipedia tells me.)  The server also brings out other goodies, such as tofu, rice, veggies, noodles, and three kinds of dipping sauces (one is super, super spicy).  The tofu and veggies can be dipped in the sukiyaki and/or dipping sauces.   

I've always ordered the queen portion for myself, just cause I love getting the beef AND shrimp.  This is more than enough for me, and last time, I shared with a friend and we were both stuffed at the end of the night.

Although cooking your own meat, especially shrimp, may seem a little alarming, it's totally fine and really good.  As a member of the shabu shabu booster club, I highly recommend trying out.  

Plus, this place is great.  They're super attentive with service and even give you re-fills on the rice!  

Also, a tip -- if you get cold easily, bring a sweater.  The A/C seems to be on overdrive all the time.  I always am freezing inside!!!
Great but I thought the Kobe was too expensive compared to the ribeye.  Dinner for one with Kobe, was enough to not warrant the drive again from North Las Vegas, there is a closer, cheaper venue for shabu shabu.  The food was great, and the atmosphere a little too upscale.  I felt a little underdressed.  Great place if you want to take a date and make them feel like they are living the high on the hog.
We always have a great time here. Sercivce, food and all. Usually make a fiew friends too.
Having been a fan of Swish for a while, I was excited to find a shabu shabu place so close to home (thanks to a review by Teri C. - who ended up sitting right next to me! - for the inspiration to try it).

My friend had never had shabu shabu or sukiyaki, so I asked for both and was excited at the presentation: instead of a separate pot for each (broth and soy-based sauce, respectively), it was a single large pot with a divider that allowed us to have both in the same cooking space! Convenient, creative, and efficient! #win

We started with edamame (Sunday special, only $1!) and a krab-wasabi salad. The edamame was hot and fresh, just salty enough, and tender. The krab was about what I expected... the flavors of the dressing were really great, but it's krab not crab (yeah, that fake, formed, stick stuff). I knew that going into it, so I am not complaining. 

We opted for the King meal to split, choosing beef, scallops and shrimp. We also ordered 3 of the mushroom sides. Add to this that we were given 2 huge orders of vegetables to go with it, and we had a boatload of delicious food before us!

The meats were fresh and tender, the veggies crisp, and the cooking and dipping sauces were really, really flavorful without being laden with salt (hard to do!). They do offer waygu and kobe, but we went with the standard beef and were not disappointed. I tasted some of it - along with a scallop or two - raw and really liked it. Melt-in-your-mouth good all on their own.

Service was fantastic. We wanted for nothing and were offered the world... all with a smile. Top it off with some hot tea and we were set. Well, almost.... My companion did get some of their strawberry ice cream and really enjoyed it.

A new fave, for sure. I look forward to returning!
The meat and veggies were fresh and the waitress (owner?) was attentive as well as very patient to explain the ins and outs of shabu shabu to my non-initiated friend. A great little place with great food at reasonable prices. Since we were the only 2 people in the place (we eat early), it was an intimate setting. The only complaint was the music (80's "eclectic" soft-rock).
My girl and I decided to try this place on a whim, and we were very glad we did!

The restaurant is about the size of a medium take out place, with one very long table taking up the left side of the restaurant where a family party of 10-12 people sat comfortably. On the right side had tables for parties of 4.

We started off right with pitcher of Sapporo beer, which was a great bargain, and an order of $1 edimame (special that night). We both ordered a "Jack" serving of beef shabu-shabu, and like others pointed out the vegies and noodles are all-you-can-eat.

We received three dipping bowls: ponzu, sesami dressing (which I did have to thin out with a little bit of water), and spicy ponzu sauce. I really, really enjoy spicy food and that spicy ponzu sauce was no joke.

The beef was fresh, sliced just thin enough, and if I didn't fill up on beer I would of ordered a second helping.

I would give five star, but the place is relatively pricey for a "Cook your own food" joint, but the side items are all you can eat, the beer is price well, and it's going to be our first dine out option when the temperature drops!!!

One interesting thing did happen: Some douchebag thought he would impress his date by taking her out for sushi. So, walking in he already failed. As the waitress came and gave them menus I heard the following conversation.

Douchebag: Do you guys have sushi?
Waitress: No, sorry. This is a Japanese soup restaurant.
Douchebag: Sushi is Japanese, right?
Waitress: Yes.
Douchebag: And you guys don't have it?
Waitress: Nope, sorry. We do have seafood available.

The dude went on order sukiyaki for him and his date.
I absolutely love this place. 
The service is SUPERB. They have attention to detail, really cater to you, and they're super nice. It's only one waitress doing everything so it's pretty impressive too. Oh, and they people working are from Japan, so they know what they're doing.
The food is amazing! I usually get the Queen special (for dinner). The shrimp is a must-try. Chicken, pork, and beef, SO GOOD. The vegetables are really fresh. If you can, go on a Monday during their happy hour special and try the Kobe beef. It's marbled-goodness!!! 

I recommend it to everyone, especially during the cold nights of Vegas. :)
Small place in the cornor tucked away.  There aren't many shabu shabu places around so this will do.  It's clean and service friendly.  Things weren't explained the first time but I am sure once you know how it goes it's gonna be good.
Coming from Los Angeles, there were many good Japanese shabu shabu in little Tokyo. Since I moved to Vegas 2 years ago, I've been looking for a good shabu shabu restaurant. I was very glad that I found this shabu place in Vegas. It's definitely the local gem. You get unlimited refills of salads, veggies and tofu when you order a set dinner or lunch. They also offer kobe beef here. Shrimps and scallops were fresh. I love their ponzu, sesame, and spicy/hot dipping sauce, especially the ponzu sauce. It goes extremely well with seafood.  Ice cream desert at end of meal comes with the set lunch/dinner. I personally like their green tea ice cream better. They actually put green tea powder on top of vanilla ice cream. The bitter sweet and creaminess of the ice cream are the perfect ending.
I love shabu shabu, so had high expectations for this place.  The atmosphere was nice, I like the table set-up, and they cut the meat really thin, so it cooks quickly.  Overall, the food was good, but both the shabu shabu and sukiyaki broths were not as flavorful as I'm used to.  When it comes to shabu shabu in Vegas, I have to stick with Swish.
Simple, straightforward shabu shabu. Main virtue is its Henderson location. The only shabu shabu I know out there; low key and usually quiet.
I have been going here since finding this place two years ago. A bit off the strip, but very much worth the drive and break from the casinos.

The menu is very easy to read and typical for shabu shabu. You pick your meat and then the size. Not very complicated. The meat is never too fatty and there are many sides you can add to your order. In fact, many nights they have daily specials on them and the shabu shabu meals. You get unlimited salad, vegetables and sauce with your shabu. shabu. As well as many of the drinks. A really great value for great food.

Always fresh tasty food with excellent service. You will not find a more friendly and timely server anywhere.
Good good. Great service.
I came here with a friend of mine after reading rave reviews on yelp
The restaurant is small but give you a very cozy home style atmosphere, 
My friend and I each ordered Jack size ,beef and shrimp complementary with salads, You can ask as many salad as you want with no charges. 
 the hot pot style is in deed very simple, does not contain any additional flavor. 
the things that add flavor into the foods are the dipping sauce, they served you three types of dipping sauces, and the peanut sauce is my friend favorite.
The service is very good, but they should have been more organized on welcoming new customers. 
at the end, the ice cream with green tea topping powder is also complementary. 

If you want to cut down some extra calories from eating pasta, cheese burger and enjoy some healthy Japanese cooking style diet, then you should try shabu
This isn't the place for you if you are falling over from hunger pains. The portions are not particularly big, and the food is not greasy or fattening. If you have a medium to small appetite and want a peaceful, unique dining experience, I suggest you try this place out.

Its been a while since I actually ate here so my memory's a bit foggy. I remember there being one server, as the restaurant was pretty slow when I came here with my parents. She was quite friendly and did her best to explain the concept of traditional shabu shabu to a bunch of newbies. I think we sat on the floor or something? or maybe they were just really low chairs. or maybe not. but it did seem like a nice little intimate dining experience, pretty orange walls and some soft background music.

You get this large bowl with two compartments-- one with plain water and the other with some sort of traditional sweet broth. You'll be advised to try them both throughout the meal. The water boils on these fancy electric boiler plates on the table. Vegetables and thinly sliced meat will be brought to you. There are three different, tasty little sauces. The food cooks in a matter of seconds in the hot water -- swish around the vegetables with your chop sticks, dip, and eat. 

It's relatively healthy, low calorie stuff. Its rather expensive though so I don't know if people can afford to eat here regularly. But good, and very different from your typical restaurant experience.
I have been going to this place for about 5 years.  I find it worth the trip every time as the quality and service are consistently good.  Since they offer refills on the vegetables and salad, I always leave pretty full and satisfied.

The meat is sliced very thin as expected so it fully cooks with two swipes.  This is a great value at lunch, and who doesn't like a beer at lunch?  The only thing I would add is some shochu to the menu since I seem to prefer that more these days.  But I am not complaining, as you can see from my coming here for 5 years.
I try to make it here about once a month. Shabu Shabu is a simple meal of the meat or seafood of your choice with vegetables, tasty dipping sauces and rice. Your boiling liquid is available as Shabu Shabu (water) or Sukiyaki (flavored broth).

The quality of the ingredients has always been top notch which is important in this case since it comes served to you raw. My wife gets chicken and I have never had any worries about a plate of raw chicken coming out of the kitchen to our table.

The process is simple, cook the veggies and meat in the boiling liquid, quick trip through the provided sauces which are ponzu, peanut, and spicy, and then down the hatch. The flavors aren't complicated and it is a simple but filling meal.

It is a great place to take people if they are looking for something a little different. The cook your own aspect is pretty unique and has been enjoyable for a number of visitors I have taken here.

Included in the price which ranges from $12 for just veggies to $25ish for a large portion of beef (Wagyu is also available in the $50 neighborhood) is a green salad (unlimited), vegetable and tofu plate (unlimited when accompanying a meat), rice, dipping sauces, and a little ice cream for dessert.

We have been there quite a few times so the server knows our usual preferences, but can get a little overwhelmed when the place is busy (which is rare) since she is the only server.  There are only tables for about 25 so it is never that bad.

A modest dinner for two with no alcohol usually runs around $60 with tax and tip which is very reasonable for a meal I always enjoy and am stuffed after, but I think I would go much more often if it were about 20% less.
I don't remember the last time I had Shabu Shabu but I will remember this visit to Shabu Shabu paradise. The fact that I love to cook made this experience even better. 

After a long week of work I decided to order some sake and to my surprise they had a very good selection. I ordered the managers recommendation about 9 bucks a glass but I loved the fact they serve it to you in a small glass that fits inside a masu (sake wooden box cup) and the waitress fills to the top over flowing into the box. 

We ordered the queen seafood combo which comes with shrimp and scallops and the vegetable mushroom plate with shiitlike and maitake mushrooms. We decided on both the Shabu Shabu and the sukiyaki broths but preferred the sukiyaki since it had more flavor. The meal also came with salad, rice, and bottom less veggies and tofu noodles. To me the sauces is what made the meal. It came with a plain ponzu, spicy ponzu, and a sesame sauce. All three were full of flavor but my favorite was the sesame. 

The only thing that I didn't like about this place was location. Its located in strip mall which is hidden from the main street. 

Overall Shabu Shabu Paradise was an awesome cooking experience and would definitely come back and try their meats. So if anyone wants Shabu Shabu I'll be happy to cook for you at Shabu Shabu Paradise.
This place is very standard shabu shabu.  I was not wowed by the quality of their ingredients but it was definitely good.  I would not say this is the best shabu shabu is Las Vegas.
I would call this interactive dinning and Shabu Shabu is a great choice for a date or with friends. Once you've had great Shabu you always compare to your first experience. This place measures up to my first in NYC. Small. Quaint. Good service. Clean. Great food. Wish I found it sooner. My friends & I got into a little debate over if you could really taste the difference between the Wagyu Beef compared to the regular beef. I say yes.. but next time we will order both side by side and know for sure.
I left this place mainly thinking my $60 meal was worth more like $30.  This poor value was achieved on their 15% discount day (Monday, I believe).  We ordered no alchohol, just (1) King and (1) Queen sized mixed Kobe platters and some iced teas.  In addition to the portion sizes being quite small, the whole cooked in fluid thing always leaves me thinking "boiled meat" just does not taste that great.  Frankly for $60 I could think of about a dozen other places that would have offered a much better meal for two people.  The service was very good, but we got there at 5pm and were the only ones in the restaurant.  Overall, I would not go back.  I should note that generally speaking I love this type of food - and I do go back to Swish!
One Sunday afternoon, my boyfriend and I couldn't decide what to eat. And so we searched on Yelp Japanese. And came across Shabu Shabu less than 2 miles away from where we were. We were like sure why not, we've never tried Shabu Shabu. We entered into a small restaurant with burner tables. The room had to be big enough for 30-40 people. And it was not so busy, which was a plus being such a small restaurant. 

We had no clue what to order or how it worked, but the kind lady was nice enough to explain. Luckily there was an expert couple sitting two tables away from us to further demonstrate and explain each step when the waitress was not available to answer our 1000 questions. 

We ordered the original shabu shabu sauce with chicken and shrimp. It came with vegetables and noodles. We had a fun experience cooking our food in the pot of boiling water and seaweed. Slowly you add all the ingredients to cook all at the same time, instead of waiting hahaha. It was our first time and we loved the experience and the taste. I would love to try other shabu shabu just don't know where they might be in the Vegas area.
Ambiance is good but the place is pretty small. A little pricey but the food is awesome. You get unlimited salad, rice, and vegetables. Dippings are okay, sesame peanut is the best. Will try the sukiyaki next time. Love this place... Will definitely come back!!
I wish there was a 6th star for this place! the ambiance was great.  the portions were just right. and the demonstration and the explanation on how to eat shabu shabu was very informative. I brought a friend here who had never has shabu and he enjoyed it very much. If you're looking to try something outside of sushi the experience this is the place for you :)
Dined here recently for the fifth time, and was as good as the first!

Nice, helpful waitress, and food is always fresh. Love the sauces, too. 

Will go again!
Came here on a Friday night, and was astounded at how small this place was. The restaurant is in an area that looks like it's still being developed, so the parking lot was not busy at all. It was hidden, but easy to find as there was just an art store and coffee place nearby (will try the coffee place one day!). 

My boyfriend and I were greeted and asked to wait by a lovely Japanese lady. The entire restaurant can feed about 25-30 people, no joke. There were only about 4 other groups eating. Along the wall were newspaper articles and raves about the restaurant; good sign. We were seated in about 10 minutes. Our place setting was zen-like, with chopsticks sitting peacefully on a rock, and a red napkin laden underneath.

We ordered one jack-sized chicken, and one jack-sized beef with hot pot sauce. The next time, I will definitely order sukiyaki instead, as I had expected the broth to be more flavorful, but that was my fault. The vegetables are all-you-can-eat as well as rice (big bonus for my boyfriend). The complimentary sauces were good, my favorite was the ponzu sauce. 

The whole dining experience was just that; an experience. From the lovely waitress to the table setting and the cooking; it was more than a sit-down meal. Definitely recommend and will definitely return.
I'm a Shabu Shabu newbie.

The husband and I went here on a date night last Friday.
Since I didn't pay any attention to the time, I didn't realize how early it was.
We had the place to ourselves for the first half hour... it was quiet, it was relaxing, it was what I needed after a hectic week.

Now... had we not ordered 2 pitchers of beer... this would have been a very healthy dinner.  All the veggies and meats were fresh. Nothing drenched in oil or butter or salt.  Plus, the veggies are all you can eat so that's good... because it promotes filling up on their fresh veggies which is good.

The Shabu Shabu is basically just water... so you heat/boil your dinner.  It's pretty bland and you need the 3 dipping sauces to add some 'zest'. (Next time we're going to do the Sukiyaki as that seems to have more flavor.)

What I really liked is this style of eating is pretty darn "clean"... meaning fresh, simple and slower.  You take the time to cook your food and by doing so... it forces you to slow down.  So, if you're starving and need to eat within a few minutes... don't go here.  If you have time and you want to have a relaxing dinner... head to Shabu Shabu for a nice, relaxing meal.

We had 2 appetizers... I ordered a Queen and the hubby ordered the King.... It's not cheap... but it's not break the bank.... and you leave full.  Minus the 2 pitchers of beer... I think our bill was $35pp including tax and tip.

If you haven't tried this type of restaurant... I would suggest it... you might be surprised and it might be a good way to relax.  I know it was for me.
My husband and I went to Shabu Shabu for the first time a month ago.  We read the reviews and were surprised to see there was such a hidden gem right here in Henderson.  All the raves were right - This place is great!  It is definitely small - Maybe had 12 or so tables, but it was great for a date night and was super affordable.  The server was very patient explaining how to cook shabu (as it was our first Shabu experience), and we ordered the broth and the water.  We got steak, shrimp & chicken - and I probably liked the steak the best.  The veggies and tofu noodles are all-you-can-eat (yay!), and the dipping sauces were great.  I had wine and sake, and my husband had a few beers - and our total check was $55!  WOW!  We will be back!
This place is a small and kinda hidden restaurant but very clean. But the food and service is great. Even though there is only one waitress. She always greets people and with a smile. Food is always fresh, and love how the vegetables, and rice is unlimited. I love this place because its never busy, so the food and service is quick. And the prices of food and drinks is very reasonable. This place is a great place to come by, if you want a quiet and simple dinner with a date or with family.
Easily the best shabu shabu restaurant in town.  Best meat quality and refills on rice and veggies.  

The dipping sauces are excellent and perfectly compliment the food.  They also have the daily specials, ranging from food/bev discounts or cheap appetizers.

They also offer wagyu shabu shabu if you're feeling luxurious. 

Location is not too convenient for most, but the quality, is well worth the trip.
Came in and took advantage of the the lunch special served weekdays until 3:00 pm.
Shabu Shabu Paradise is located in a strip center where the area seemed comprised of mostly residential. Parking was easy to find and I was seated asap.

I went with the half beef half scallop Shabu Shabu that included a drink beverage or beer.. I'm used to hot pot and this was my first experience with Japanese Shabu Shabu. The pot is filled with hot water not broth and proceeded to cook my veggies tofu, tofu noodles and make a broth with added soy sauce and combined several dipping sauces to make a tasty broth. Overall the Shabu Shabu was solid and included unlimited salad and steamed rice.

The waitress who I found out later is the owner and the chef is her hubby. She was really sweet and said Shabu Shabu Paradise has been in business for six years.

Its sure nice to support a small business like Shabu Shabu Paradise and was a nice lunch experience.
Amazing. 

Food is delicious, and they bring you as much noodles, vegetables, and tofu you can eat, no matter what you order.

I liked the shabu shabu the best, but the sukiyaki was also good.

Chicken and beef are really good.

Dipping sauces are really really good.

Waitress is so nice and helps you order if you need help figuring out the menu.

Really affordable for vegetarians or whomever just gets the vegetables/tofu/mushrooms/noodle option.

Good selection of mushrooms, too.

Everyone I bring here loves it.
6 of us went on a Friday night at 8pm.  We were the only 6 people in there.  It's too bad the locations doesn't bring in enough people.  Our bill was $70 for my wife and myself.  The service was good and quick.  Combined we had beef, chicken, pork, shrimp and scallops.  They are really good about letting split up your choices of meats.  The also let us split our choices in mushrooms with 2 different ones while charging us just for 1 side.  Unlimited veggies, rice and noodles.  The are 3 different dipping sauces.  Alone they are great.  Even better when combined (sesame peanut mixed with the spicy was awesome).

I don't write many reviews but felt compelled to because this place deserves a lot more business.  The restaurant was clean and I have nothing to complain about.  We also had a beer, green tea and ice cream in our $70 bill.

This was also my first time trying Shabu Shabu style dining.  I strongly recommend giving this a try.  The way the dining experience is setup, it is a great place to socialize to have a fun date night out.

Thanks.
Went here on yelp recommendations.  Overall, we really enjoyed our experience eating shabu-shabu for the first time. The ability to eat food just seconds after its having been cooked was truly special. We tried 3 of the 4 fresh Japanese mushrooms (yum!).  Scallops were also delicious.  The chicken and beef were our least favorite, but we're not big meat eaters.  We used two of the three dipping sauces.  Even if you think you can tolerate hot food, be careful with the third.  Well, I mixed a very small amount into the other two sauces and that was good.

Consider calling first as this restaurant has limited seating.  Oddly, the waitress, although she did it very politely, seemed a little overzealous in discouraging walk-ins from waiting for tables to open.  We saw her discourage several sequential walk-in couples.  After the second left, it wasn't more than 5 minutes before a table was ready (and sadly, that table sat open for the rest of our time there).  Yikes, you're losing business needlessly!

The price is not inexpensive, but seemed reasonable for the combination of food quality and unique experience.  You might feel surprisingly full after eating what doesn't look like that much food.  If you're not full, they offer seconds without charge on the main veggies & tofu.  We just didn't need them. 

If you figure some of the value in a nice meal is getting leftovers for lunch the next day, then consider this place a little more expensive than other restaurants where you pay the same as you won't likely be leaving with leftovers.

Unlike another reviewer, however, shabu-shabu didn't seem like something we'd want to eat frequently, although we will probably visit again to try the sukiyaki option before long.
We accidentally found this place and had no idea what Shabu Shabu was,  Well we found out its delicious and the restaurant was wonderful.  
It's now one of our favorite places to dine.
This is not your typical restaurant- it's better!  My boyfriend and I came here to try something new after reading the reviews.  We made reservations and when we arrived we were seated immediately.  We had our own private table which definitely made it romantic.  I ordered the Kobe beef and shrimp platter and my boyfriend ordered the Kobe beef and scallops.  Everything was fresh and the sauces were flavorful.  The prices were a little high so that is why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5.  I would definitely return for a special occasion.
***3 STARS***

Not to shabby for decent shabu shabu!

I've had shabu shabu back to my home-home (SoCal) and although I may not be an expert, I do know that it isn't supposed to be THIS pricey! I was visiting my grandma and had bookmarked this place since it was only a couple blocks away from her neighborhood.

[atmosphere]
It may seem a bit dark inside due to the red walls and such, but the tables and environment is clean and well kept. It isn't quite as fancy nor hole-in-the-wall, it's somewhere in between mom-and-pop and neighborhood local spot.

[devour]
*Q-8 1/2 SHRIMP & 1/2 SCALLOP ($20, **3 STARS**) 
When you receive your order, you would think, "THAT'S IT?!?!?!" Lo and behold, your order also comes with unlimited veggies, 3 dipping sauces (sesame peanut, ponzu and spicy), and a bowl of white rice. After cooking your fresh shrimp and scallops in the seaweed broth (shabu shabu) alongside with the unlimited veggies, you're full and you didn't know it. 

If you wanted to add other additional stuff like ramen ($3) or shitake mushrooms ($2) or other items, it will cost an additional arm and a leg. I had always thought that stuff is a given and comes with your order..... I guess not!

But was my dish worth $20? Probably not! I think it was worth $12-$14 at the most. And if you want prices like that, you would probably have to go here during their lunch hours. 

[imbibe]
Green Tea was as expected - divine. Glad they didn't use fake stuff here! ($2)

[service]
Awesome! We were well taken care of by our lovely waitress. She was able to answer all the questions we had on the menu. She was very kind and considerate and couldn't have asked for more! (**4 STARS**)

The flavors here were okay. I wouldn't say it was the best nor the worst. In addition, the prices were a bit steep for shabu shabu. I liked the fact that the food wasn't salty, but felt there needed some additional seasoning somewhere. If I were to come back here, I would try their sukiyaki instead of the shabu shabu. It may be a better choice. And if I were to also come back, it would be during lunch since the prices would be more reasonable.

Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #43
**GASP** 3 stars? I'm sure someone is clutching their pearls as they read this. I will preface this by saying I'm not a shabu expert, I don't like to cook, so why would I go to a restaurant and pay to cook my own food? Well funny you should ask that. This place has a pretty solid following and lots of positive reviews. My first experience here wasn't good, when we walked in around dinner time, the first thing we hear from the hostess is "Do you have a reservation" not in a pleasant voice but a rude, angry voice. We tell her no and she says "you will have to wait", okay, we understand. She seats us, and we are sitting apart, like face to face, I felt like I was at a business meeting, not dinner, she was so extremely rude, we felt uncomfortable and we ended up leaving. We let a couple months go by and decide to give it another try, this time with a reservation. Ordered the 1/2 Wagyu, 1/2 shrimp, 1/2 scallop and beef miso yaki for an app. I wasn't wowed by anything and I left starving, yes I know you get unlimited vegetables, I'm sorry but lettuce isn't doing the trick. We ended up going down the street to Valley Cheese and Wine to finish my dinner.
Had friends coming into town who wanted good sukiyaki. Shabu Shabu Paradise was recommended and they will substitute for shabu shabu. Spoke with owner on the phone (also waitress,) very nice to speak with. We decided to go for lunch since they are usually less busy. They have 24 seats and they were about half full when we arrived. First impression was small but clean. Seated promptly, ordered and they brought out our cooking pots to heat. Salad and and an endless string of sauces, utensils and things you would need for your meal. BTW the hot dipping sauce is exactly that...HOT. you dip your chopstick in it and it comes out shorter so use with caution.

lunch gets one beer or soft drink/tea with refills included, they were generous with refills. They have ridiculously inexpensive lunch specials for a meal of this caliber. 

Main course came out, it was arranged nicely, offered additional rice and vegetables. Enjoyable meal which you cook yourself. fun to do with friends.

we had shabu shabu (savory) and other couple had sukiyaki (sweet) we both liked broth seasoning and would like to return but will try other next time.

Food - good, service - good, lunch price - insane, friendly - yes, atmosphere - good. easy four stars, we will be back.
I got the sukiyaki. It was a little too thin and watery. I prefer the thicker sukiyaki where I can crack a raw egg. I would not come back for the sukiyaki. I ordered the queen size. I should have gotten a bigger portion. I was still hungry after. The meat was really thin too and no marbling. There was unlimited veggies and free ice cream but it wasn't enough to convince me to come back. I prefer Swish over this place.
Just walked in for lunch one day not knowing anything about Shabu. A very cool experience, will definitely have to try again with some friends for dinner.
My family are fans!  Authentic taste and great service. We made reservations and glad we did (3-4 four person tables and 1 long table for a party of up to 12 people or if the other 3 standard tables are full).
Good service and quality food, only problem was there's so little of it. Two of us ordered the scallops and a half beef/half shrimp plate with the shabu shabu. The sauces were tasty (FYI one drop of the hot sauce and your mouth will be burning), the sides were plentiful (they give you extras free of charge), and the garlic mussel appetizer was more than we expected and served as a tasty starter. However after all this, we felt like we only ate half a dinner. The beef is so thin and the scallops are cut so small it's deceiving, so theoretically you could order more seafood/meat and end up satisfied but you'd also end up spending another $20 per person.
Easily the best shabu-shabu restaurant in Las Vegas.  Location is not convenient (unless you live in Green Valley Ranch or MacDonald Ranch, but it is well worth the drive.  

They also offer wagyu shabu-shabu but I have not tried yet.  Their meat quality is very good, even on their standard beef order.  Very tender and enough marbling to be very tasty. 

Free refills on veggies is a huge plus.  I love their spicy dipping sauce... it's addicting.  They also serve Kawaba beer, which is delicious and is a rarity on restaurant beer menus.
On the door it says," Voted the best Shabu Shabu in Vegas."  By FUCKING Who?  This is not a criticism of the food, it was mediocre but a criticism of the locationally challenged people who voted.  Because according to them, "the best shabu-shabu in Vegas" is apparently in Henderson.
Really, buy a GD map! 
Now onto the restaurant review.  There was one waitress and she was very attentive.  She also kept explaining everything to us.  We tried to drop hints letting her know that shabu shabu was one of our favorite cuisines, but they went right over her head.  So if you are a newb to shabu shabu try here and the waitress will explain to you everything that is going on.
We chose the half seawood half sukiyaki bowl.  The waitress again asked us if we would be careful ok with dipping into each others sauces.  i was just about to tell the waitress what I had dipped into before we left the hotel room, but the my girl gave me the, "Do not say anything inappropriate look!", so I refrained.
But just for you fellow yelpers,  I dipped my meat into her sauce, if you know what I mean.  Wink wink.  Nudge Nudge!
Shabu Shabu is one of my favorites. And I really do enjoy this specific location. 

The food is always fresh. The service is always amazing.  The restaurant is very cared for and clean. This is a great place to catch up with friends & have conversation over a nice, quiet meal. 


I've tried almost everything on the King menu... and find this to be a good amount of food for me. 
The veggies are bottomless... and are always fresh & delicious.  I also like to split the pot into both sukiyaki and shabu shabu to mix things up. 

 
If you enjoy sauces, give the dipping sauces a try, but I don't find them to be necessary. 

The restaurant itself is quite small. I prefer to go when it's not too crowded because it can become a bit loud quite quickly. But most of the time, it's quiet and romantic.
Shabu Shabu is new to me & I'm a fan. This place is great - very clean and authentic. The service is impeccable. Monday nights have great specials on beer, sake and kobe beef. Try the plum sake too!
This was my first time doing the hot pot thing and this place is awesome. Great service, really fresh food, good prices. The scallops are sushi grade, which is awesome because you can just barely cook them...yum. We were here for lunch and got so much high-quality, yummy food for $11 a person. Free refills on salad and veggies. Ask for extra peanut sauce, it is so good. I can't wait to come back here next time we are in Vegas.
My favorite Shabu Shabu restaurant of the entire southwest. I try to come here every time I'm in town.

Who I'd take here: A date. Friends that wanted to splurge. Not kids who might injure themselves with the heater and also might be finicky eaters.
Comparable to: Shabu Shabu. Yelp has this listed as fondue, which is a good comparison but is not the same thing.

Food Quality: 4
They offer high quality beef (waygu), pork and chicken. For those unfamiliar with Shabu Shabu, your table has a hot-pot and you cook your own food in a stew-ish style. Swish your thinly cut meat around a few times in the stew and its done. This is a fun experience if you've never tried it before. I always get the pickles here and am never disappointed with anything I order. They sometimes have seasonal items, such as sashimi-grade oysters, when I was there mid-August 2013. There are also a few Japanese craft brews for the beer snobs. This only serious negative for this place is that it's expensive. A plate of waygu will cost around $40 dollars. Despite this you will leave full whatever you order: you get free refills on salad, and veggies and tofu for your stew.
+1 pleased with everything I order here. +1 unique beers. -1 extravagantly expensive.

Service Quality: 5
The service here is superb and the waitress is friendly. Lately this place has been full so you should always phone ahead for a reservation. Note that this place is small so it will be difficult to take a large party here.
+ great service. +1 friendly service.

Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 4
This place is in a kind of remote area suburban area with no other attractions.
-1 remote area.

How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.

Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(4.3) = 4
I'd rather cook my next meal in bath water. This place is horrible. The service is bad. the wait staff do not speak English and are insanely rude. I'm Italian and can cook better than anyone in this pathetic restaurant, yet this nasty woman insisted on repeating how to use their stupid shabu pots. The "broth" tasted terrible. 

For those that haven't experience the Shabu style of cooking, it's basically like fondue-- only Asian. There's burners on the table and you cook everything yourself. 
one of the many issues with this place was that the burner controls are strategically placed so that you'll either bash your legs and knees on it every time you move. 

I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. There are far to many restaurants to go in Vegas, bad service and bad food is not tolerated! I couldn't get out of this place fast enough....
This place is great. I had the sukiyaki and it was not too salty and fairly sweet. I enjoyed it. I got half beef and half pork. The pork was a lot more tender and flavorful than I would have guessed. the beef was also tasty but a bit leaner than I had hoped. One of the things you should definitely request are garlic (they don't let you put it in the soup because sometimes other guests complain, but it's really good to dip with!). They also give you unlimited veggie refills (complimentary!) and a free ice cream dessert! Awesome :) Also, we got a Monday night special for 15% off your entree with a $2 beverage order. Glad to have some good Asian food around here!
I'm not really a huge fan of Shabu Shabu because I'm much more used to the concept of hot pot with a soup base rather than ... well, water. There is a sukiyaki option but I'm not a huge fan of sukiyaki either! Ah yes, you get two options for your shabu shabu. You either get plain hot water or sukiyaki base...

The reason I came here was because my parents wanted to try this place out. My mom saw kobe beef (or something similar) on the menu and decided that we absolutely MUST try this place out.

First, the area/plaza that the restaurant is at is quite .. dark. We debated whether or not we wanted to even go in cause the restaurant was fairly small as well. It sits maybe 20ish people. It had about 3-4 four tops and a long table in the middle of the room. In the end, of course we went in. But the place seemed very quaint. Wasn't noisy and very nicely decorated. 

Throughout the whole night, there was only ONE server working so service is fairly slow when there was about 4 parties. However, she did her best and she did not seem like a headless chicken. She didn't seem rushed nor was she uncaring. When she wasn't as busy, she'd always check up on our table to see if we needed anything. There is a fairly thick Japanese accent to her English but she can speak English well enough. 

The menu had a good variety of combinations and options from you to choose from. They had Jack, Queen, and King categories on the menu. Jack being the smallest serving and King being the most. They had single meat, meat combos, and mean with shrimp/scallop combos. Every combo came with salad, platter of assorted veggies, and unlimited rice. You get three different sauces as well to dip your food in: ponzu, seasame/peanut butter, and a spicy sauce. I actually would've liked it a lot if they gave me soy sauce with that as well seeing as the only sauce I liked was the spicy one. However, if you ask, they will give! We eventually asked for regular soy sauce. 

I ended up getting the Kobe platter. Their beef was pretty good but the texture/taste seemed kinda funny. My parents said that the beef was really good and had good "beef flavor" but it seemed a bit weird to me. Maybe it's because we cooked it in plain water instead of a soup base like I'm used to. Who knows. 

Oh $1 edamame on Saturdays. And +1 free dessert: scoop of vanilla ice cream with a sauce. You get to choose strawberry, chocolate, or caramel. I'm not sure if that was only for the day I went or if it's a daily thing.

IN THE END ... I probably won't go back. Not my cup of tea. If you like a little bit of flavor to your food, then I wouldn't really suggest it. Shabu shabu had always been quite bland to me but the quality of their ingredients is good.
This is a very small place in a strip mall. So, call ahead before coming here as you might have to wait a long time.  We got lucky they weren't too busy when we went here for lunch on a Saturday.

Unlimited veggies and tofu. Sauce trio: spicy, peanut and ponzu. Great quality meats.  They have Kobe wagyu beef, shrimp, chicken, scallop, pork, crab stick, etc. You can either do shabu-shabu or sukiyaki. They have lunch specials Monday-Friday noon to 3pm from $10-32 depending on the meat you get. You cook your own food - that's the object of shabu shabu! So please don't be a noob and get pissed off when you're given a pot of water, veggies and meat and they expect you to cook.

You can get appetizers and dessert.  I tried their vanilla ice cream with green tea powder and peach - nothing crazy.
ehhhh they're food is ok. the scallops were the only things I really enjoyed. everything else I feel I could do at home at a much cheaper price.
High quality cuts of meat,the sesame duping sauce is on point, my only issue with this place is the size, so I give it four star for that reason, otherwise this place is flawless
AMAZING shabu shabu. The best part - unlimited veggies. There's also free refills on salad, rice, and sauces. The sesame peanut sauce was extra delicious. There's even free ice cream at the end!
My easy go to lunch spot! Tastes great and seems healthy... However, I always eat way too much. Service is wonderful bc Junco (sorry if I spelled it wrong) is very sweet and always checking on you. Even when it's slammed she is very attentive. 

The prices are on target with what you get. The sauces are yummy. I've been to others and this is the best in Vegas!  

I was tempted not to review bc it's so small and I would hate to see it get too busy, but they really deserve it!
First and foremost that reviewer saying the waitress doesn't speak English and was rude doesn't know what they are talking about. The service here is great and the waitress is very friendly and tries to be helpful especially to those who aren't familiar with shabu shabu. The downside is that the place is on the small side and it may be a teeny bit more expensive during dinner (so go during lunch). Overall, if you want to try a healthy and different kind of meal give shabu shabu a try.
Great food. It's my first time trying kobebeef. I compared it with regular beef. Both were great. I look forward to trying more. Tofu noodle was very tasty. I love sukiyaki without any sauces.
The meat and seafood were high quality.  Really love the unlimited veggies that comes with an order.  The tofu noodle was fantastic, I forgot how many additional serving of veggie I asked for.  It's one of the better shabu shabu place I have had in US.

The place is small though, if the tables are all taken expect a long wait.
Although this place is technically in Henderson and not Las Vegas-proper, I'm going to say it------ I think Vegas does beat SF in all forms of Japanese food. It was hard for me to find a quality Shabu place in Vegas that even matched what I was used to in the Bay Area, but Shabu Shabu Paraside has blown everything out of the water for me!

This place isn't huge by any means, so reservations are a must. At first I thought we were lost, since we ended up at a strip mall where nothing else looked occupied. Luckily, the Best of Las Vegas sign confirmed we were in the right place. I never have been able to finish my plates of meat at any shabu shabu place, but I finished the Jack-sized portion here because it was simply delicious and mouth-watering. The veggies are fresh and AYCE. The one con I would say is mushrooms don't come with it, but they can be ordered as a side for $3 (and you get your choice of two different kinds). Their ponzu sauce has a very bright flavor, their sesame sauce tastes like the best aspects of Kare Kare sauce (Filipino dish with a peanut sauce base), and their spicy sauce was unfortunately too spicy for me, but I'm sure does the trick for those requiring that kick of heat. They have an array of ice cream options for dessert and they gave me a great idea of a dish to do at home - vanilla ice cream with matcha green tea powder on top. Service here never left us wanting, even when it got super busy. One server was juggling everyone effortlessly and never missed a beat. I will definitely be making the trip out to Henderson to enjoy this place again!.. Honestly, as soon as we left, I was already eager to go back.
Great spot!
Excellent food, great service.  The place is very small, so plan ahead.
Intimate ambiance. Authentic Japanese style dining with quality ingredients. All seafood is sushi grade. Unlimited cabbage, carrots, snap peas, tofu and tofu noodles with your meal. Generous protein servings. Excellent selection of Japanese brews. Overall excellent experience. Reservations recommended.
I am really surprised that the reviews are so great for this place.  I was VERY disappointed with the food.  The veggies were good, but the meat (chicken & steak) on the hot pot were really disgusting.  I am still not sure that what I was eating was actually beef, it had a flavor that just didn't resemble anything I had ever tasted and smelled awful.  I am really not a picky eater, but the food at this place was horrible.  

As for the atmosphere, it was nice & intimate.  The waitress was kind and her service was fine.  

We went in for lunch at prime time and there was only one older couple dining, I think this may be a reflection of their poor business.
visited the place on a Sunday for dinner.
I'll say ahead of time that you will want to make a reservation if you don't want to wait as this place seats very small amounts of people.

Soup choice of Shabu Shabu or Sukiyaki (water or Dashi soup & egg)

good selection of meats, fish, and vegetables with easy to understand portions (jack, queen, King, and Ace).

Between the two of us, we ordered a Jack and Queen and was filled up by the end.
(The all you can order rice and vegetable pack was a saving grace to this place b/c without it, we would've still been hungry after our two entree orders.)

The quality of the ingredients were great but there was something missing that made you feel like the shabu shabu was "bland." 

Overrall experience was good but gave it a 4 instead of a 5 for the lack of "omg" factor in the presentation.

if we are craving Shabu shabu in the future, we will most likely stop by here again.
I must say I have had plenty of shabu places before but this one takes the cake! Very reasonable great daily specials and the taste of everything was perfect- very clean and had a great atmosphere to enjoy a nice dinner-the middle table is good for big groups if that's something your looking for
My friend and I went here on a whim to fulfil our shabu shabu craving. The decor made this place feel as though I was in a real Japanese restaurant; close seating and very small. The  service was  really good, checking up on us regularly. The food was amazing. Everything looked very fresh from the vegetables to the meat and seafood.  This place is definitely a great place. If you want shabu shabu with an authentic feel you really have to try this place out.
This was an amazing place. It's a great atmosphere. Good food and just a great overall experience.  We will be coming back
Everything was on point!  Service, food and cleanliness....perfect!  Vegetarian friendly!
Just as good as Shabu Shabu found in Japan.
This place is great as far as Sahbu Shabu goes. I'm not entirely certain how many Shabu places are in Las Vegas, but if you are a native to Henderson, it's a dangerous place to live by. And by dangerous, I mean delicious. 

The restaurant itself is hidden in a business complex and the first time I went there, I had to drive around a bit to find it, but it's not TO bad. The establishment is small and very intimate. The decorations are what you'd expect from a Japanese restaurant. I feel happy when I walk into the door. Whenever I go there, there are usually not a lot of people, which can be fairly nice.

The service is great. If you have never been there before, the waitress tells you the process of how Shabu Shabu works and how to correctly use the pot that is sitting in front of you. She/he will also explain the items on the menu and differences. There isn't one thing on the menu that I have tried and didn't like. 

The food: YAY THE GOOD PART! Besides for the fact that it's delicious, they offer two types of shabu to dip your food in. Miso and Sukiyaki. If you choose Miso, you are also presented with 3-4 different sauces to dip your meat and veggies in. I'm a fan of their Sukiyaki myself, as it gives the meat and veggies you cook a great flavor. The only downside is that no sauces come with the Sukiyaki choice. Oh well, there are worst things in the world. The meat is great. Not much more can be said about that. They also have a boat load of sides that you can get, including rice, various mushrooms, etc. They cost extra, but you know, when you are real hungry and craving a certain food, why not? 

The only downside to the place is that it's a little pricey depending on what you get, but it's great for a date or special occasion. They also have lunch specials during the week from 12 p.m. to 3 p.m. so you can eat there cheaper. Yay!

All and all. I love this place. My husband and I go here for special occasions and have always felt welcome. Add great food and it's an amazing combination. I think everybody should try it at least once. You have no excuse to not visit this place if you live in Henderson, so do it. Do it now!
Oishii!! I've tried numerous shabu shabu restaurants and this is by far the best. Excellent service and the food is fabulous.
Really impressed with this place. Quality and delicious meats and veggies, reasonable prices, quiet ambience and terrific service. You can pair your meal with unlimited salad, rice, veggies, and noodles. The ponzu dipping sauce is great. They even top off the meal with ice cream. A super find!! It's so close to our house! Yay!
Went here for Girls Night Out(which is offered only on Mondays) because everyone I've talked to said that the best items at TMP were the cheese fondue and the dessert, and that the entree is nothing special(takes a LONG time to cook the meat, for instance). Girls Night Out offers the cheese fondue, a salad, and dessert fondue for only $16 per person which is pretty darned reasonable, considering the price of a full meal(which can range from $80-90 per couple for all five courses). Specialty drinks are $5 this night, as well(although I wasn't in love with either of the two I tried). 

We had the Wisconsin Trio for the cheese, which was okay...but nothing fabulous. My friend said that they had the Cheddar Cheese last time, and it was lackluster. I had a nice salad, but nothing I couldn't do at home. We chose the Original chocolate for dessert(a mix of milk chocolate and peanut butter). This was good, but when ISN'T melted chocolate yummy? I do wish that they had given us more fresh fruit and less desserty-stuff to dip. It's not like the picture on the website where it's a heap of bright fruits. There were four small banana slices and about 2-3 strawberries sliced. The rest was pound cake, brownie, marshmallow, rice crispy treat, etc... 

All in all, it was a fun evening, but nothing overly-delicious. I would do Girls Night again mostly for female bonding time, and not the food.

They seem to have a special for every night, so check the website. Also book ahead. I called three weeks in advance and they had THREE times left open.
The melting pot is a fun once-in-a-while experience. It's very social and people who have been here before get to feel like they're showing newbies something, which gives you something extra to chat about.

However, it is no culinary feat by any means. Melt cheese + dipped bread = yummy. Melt chocolate + dipped marshmallow = yummy. Duh. 

I've been here for the discounted ladies night and a bachelorette party where they gave use a huge discount too. I can't imagine paying $80 for a couple here, but I guess people do. When folks pay full price for a full meal, the melting pot is laughing all the way to the bank. I think a lot of people who are big fans get in on their discount club thing.

The service is SLOW, which can be nice or annoying depending on the type of experience you want.
Nice idea but not so great if you're vegetarian. Wasn't keen on the wine list. Wasn't keen on the non-meat options. Felt somewhat grimy to me.
My wife and I chose the Melting Pot for "Date Night" and had a wonderful meal, though it was not without room for improvement. The hostess greeted us warmly, but we still had to wait until 10 minutes after our reservation time to receive a table. Our waiter was very friendly, though if we asked questions that were not on his training script, he seemed a bit lost. We ordered a cheese fondue and shared an entree and the accompanying salad. We planned to order dessert but were simply too full. The cheddar cheese fondue was tasty. However, it promised swiss and cheddar, but was quite skewed towards the cheddar. Wine would have made a better ingredient than the beer they use. The house salad with Tangy Sweet dressing was flavorful and fresh. Our entree - the Pacific Rim - offered pork, beef, chicken, shrimp, pot stickers, and even duck. The wide variety of batters and sauces made for nearly infinite combination possibilities.  I hope I can remember next time that I did enjoy the beef by far the best. If the management put their waitstaff in collared shirts they likely could achieve the level of elegance that the decor strives for; the long-sleeved T-shirts seem out of place. The men's bathroom was filthy - a slight step above Interstate rest-stop. Despite these minor flaws, we never felt rushed in the nearly 3 hours we spent here and the fondue seemed to engender continuous conversation. We will most certainly return.
The food was good, and it was a fun experience to share with friends, but I have to say, it's WAY overpriced.  We spent $120 for two people, and we were not full.  In our opinion, it's not worth the money.
My husband and I decided to check out TMP after hearing much ado about it from friends - and we had a coupon.  Overall, I can't say tha the menu was anything special.  The food was good, but, for the price we paid (even WITH coupon), neither my husband nor I was enamored enough to say we'd go back.  

Our waiter was great.  The drinks were smooth.  The booth they put us is nice and quiet, but crowded with everything they put on the table.

In the survey questions, for attire, I'd say dressy.  Not a restaurant I'd go to in jeans and a tshirt - tho there were people who were.  Be un-American and dress up a little.

Nice to try once, but, can't say we'll be back unless its with people who really want to try it.
"A once in a lifetime experience...that I re-live each month I go there." I love the Melting Pot. I will be honest, it is quite pricey, but it's somewhere you got for a special occasion or on a date. Its cosy and romantic, plus the whole experience is fun. I love the fiesta cheese, house salad and the yin yang desert (best of both worlds). It takes about 2 hours and then some to dine there, so it's a night out all together. You will feel stuffed after your done, my boyfriend always thinks it's "not that much food," but he is always full after the 2nd course! But don't think you won't be able to save room for desert, I always feel that I will be too full, but you will get a second wind once the strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, pound cake and marshmallows come out to your table. Almost forgot, we always have great service, it's part of the whole experience, but we always have great conversations with the servers.
I think the people knocking the price or the simplicity of the food just don't get it.  Obviously you don't go to a place like this for the food itself, it's for the experience.  Could I make fondue at home?  Maybe, but the logistics of serving 5 different meats with 7 different sauces as the 3rd course of a 4 course meal would be a total nightmare.

Anyway, my girlfriend and I just went here to celebrate Valentine's day.  They had a four course meal as the special.  Started out with a cheese dish, we went with the fiesta cheddar.  Tasted pretty good, although we asked for it medium-hot (the server adds jalepeno to taste), and it didn't seem spicy to me at all.  For salad, we got the caprese, which was mainly giant tomato slices with fresh mozzarella- despite being out of season, the tomatoes tasted great.

The main course was a platter with filet mignon, lobster tail, pork tenderloin, chicken breast, and shrimp (4 pieces of each, although each piece was big enough to be 2 bites).  We went with the coq a vin cooking broth, as it seemed the best for first-timers like us.  The meats came with 7 sauces - butter and lemon for the lobster, cocktail sauce for the shrimp, terayaki, plum sauce, curry sauce, a bleu cheese-like sauce, and a cream cheese-sour cream-chive mixture.  The combination of meats and sauces basically made each bite a different taste - the variety is amazing here.  The only down part was the chicken which seemed a bit dry and flavorless to me.  I was surprised by how good the pork was - I am a steak lover and I think I placed the pork above the filet.

For dessert we went with the cappuccino milk chocolate.  It came with the vast selection of sweets - bananas, strawberries, pineapple, marshmallows, pound cake, brownies, and cheesecake.  Don't think I could pick a favorite - all were delicious.  We didn't use all the chocolate, but it was still a ton of dessert.

To go with our meal we got a bottle of chardonnay recommended by the server - probably the best I've had.  Our server was great - he seemed very knowledgeable and friendly.  All in all, we were there for over 2 hours, and it barely felt like that because we were having such a great time.  Total bill came to $170 with tax/tip, but it was worth every penny for a great night out.
If you go with an open mind and don't mind paying around $120 for two people, you will enjoy it. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating for our three course meal. Good for special occasions, but not somewhere to go on a regular basis. Perfect for a first date or a blind date!
The food is very tasty.  The service was acceptable.  The building itself was quite nice.  The biggest problem is the prices are astronomical and the portions a bit small.  I was here for a party of eight people and the final tab was over 650 dollars and nobody drank alcohol.  We got starters, main course, and desserts.  If they increase portion size or cut about 40% off the prices, I would go back.
Very prompt and attentive service. We only had dessert but it was a good experience. Loved the decor as it seems to be a bit newer compared to other locations I've been to.
It was fun. If you're looking for fondue in Madison you could do worse (well, not really...I am actually not so sure you could do at all!). The portions are quite large, so if it's just two of you, I think you probably won't want to eat all of the courses or at least plan to leave a bit behind every time. I know we did and I was still pretty full at the end. After all, who is going to say no to using up all of the melted chocolate at the end???!!!
Cheese and chocolate + things to dip in them? Sign me up! 

A longtime fondue fan, this place was PERFECT for my recent bachelorette night. It worked for the meat-eaters, the vegetarians, the bird-like eaters, and the food-shovellers. Yummy food, a fun environment and a really great set of waitresses! I love it here!
Maybe I'm just a person who's just not crazy about cheese dip. I think one or two appetizers with special cheesy melts are great, but not when you have three courses of bread dipping cheese melt, vegetable dipping cheese melt, and meat dipping cheese melt. Honestly, I think the bread and cheese dip is great and maybe the vegetables and cheese, but I'd much rather have quality meat on its own (I don't think Melting Pot's meat is that quality though). Chocolate fondue is great too, but that's something you can make at home. Just melt a Hershey's chocolate bar and dip fruit or crackers into it.

Service is great at the Melting Pot and the fondue concept is neat, but the food is just meh.
This place absolutely sucks.  This coming from somebody who is easily pleased while dining out.   I recently went again after trying it a number of years ago.   Same experience.

But hey, if you really enjoy a condescending wait staff, a piece of dried out bread with cheese, 3 oz of steak, 2 oz of chicken, and 1/2 of a rice crispy treat that is cut into 8 tiny pieces with some chocolate, all of which is to be split between 2 people for $80+ this is definitely your place!

It's the ultimate rip off.  I can't believe I went back.  I'm a fool.

And to the review claiming it's about "the experience" and people complaining about the price "don't get it", you're right.  I don't get it.   I'm not sure about others, but no experience at the melting pot could possibly make me feel content with paying $80 for $6.50 worth of food.   Sorry.   

I'd suggest Granite City if you're trying to find places in the area, or the McDonalds next door.
First fondue experience.  Could have used a little more instruction but it was fun.  I think it would be a great place for a double date, or with just a couple friends.  I usually dislike to see a premium on food you cook yourself, but this wasn't bad.
Had a great birthday dinner here.  It's a splurge but I had a Groupon that made it doable.  We had a great server and the manager was very friendly.

Meat quality seems to be mentioned in every review.  I'm a picky foodie; at home I cook from scratch with good quality local, organic, grass-fed beef, organic happy chickens, etc.  The meat we were served was good quality and sliced well for fondue dipping.  Were I to guess I'd say USDA choice.  It's lean meat though, and from mostly from mild cuts that aren't very tough to begin with and won't toughen up if you leave them in the pot for too long.  So you really want to use the sauces they provide.  Also ask for salt and salt your meat before cooking.

What I really liked was how food-sensitivity/allergy friendly they are.  One of my dining companions has multiple food sensitivities and both the server and manager were awesome in making sure that we ordered properly.  The whole restaurant seems very well set up for protecting against cross contamination.

I also asked about gluten-free dining if only one person in a small party was GF and the rest of the table wanted to eat gluten.  They said the best thing to do is to make a reservation 3-4 days out and let them know that you'll need to be seated at a table with 2 burners so that one person can have a pot that doesn't get cross-contaminated.
So I've had a few great experiences at the Melting Pot, and I do have to say I always enjoy a good fondue.
This is a great special occasion/date place and heads up...a little pricey. 
I was leaning towards a 3 star rating, but because of the exceptional service I received from the Manager on duty "Danielle" I bumped it up to a 4 star rating for my overall experience. 
I enjoyed that "Danielle" came around to my table and asked how everything was and if we were on a special occasion, I replied yes (since we were), and later after dessert she stopped back at our table and gave us 3 large chocolate covered strawberries to go, on the house as a "congrats on your special occasion". 
I appreciate that! That is grade A+ service. 

My favorite part of the Melting Pot is the dessert.
In all honesty I enjoy going just for bread/cheese and dessert. It's just the right amount of food to still feel full after leaving here.

Just a tip----I've found out that if you do not have enough dipping vegetables, bread, or desserts and still have fondue left, you are able to ask for a few more dipping items usually free of charge.

Also, if you ever feel like tortilla chips with your bread/veg cheese fondue, just ask and they will bring you out some. I enjoy this with the fiesta fondue.
The Melting Pot and I have had a long love story.  Most of the time it seems like a Lifetime story.  

I have been a fan of fondue for several years.  While it tends to be more of a special occasion rather than casual occurrence, we have gone twice in the past 3 months.  The first time was in April.  I had been to several Melting Pots before.  I have never been overly impressed by this one in Madison but my husband and I decided to go last April.  Terrible decision.  Apparently, it was THE night to go!  We had 6 o'clock reservations.  We arrived a couple of minutes early.  We waited nearly ten minutes to get seated, all the while walk-in groups and couples were being seated.  

I had to make a point to remind them that we had reservations.  When they finally got around to seating, we were once again seated in an area with "couple" types seats.  They are small, awkward and we specifically requested not to be seated there.  However, that was all that available (though we had a reservation).  It is so weird to sit next a person.  This was not our first date.  I was not hear to kiss and cuddle.  I am there to have dinner.  

The service took so long.  They were clearly understaffed.  However, it got to the point where we were waiting twenty minutes between each course.  I was so turned off by this experience.  On this occasion we went because we had a Groupon so we decided to make a special trip.  We were applied automatic gratuity.  Now, I am a good tipper and if I want to tip 18% for terrible service, I would.  However, I did not want to do this and was extremely upset by this.

Upon returning home, I immediately contacted this location.  I received no response and two weeks later sent another email.  FINALLY, I received a call from a manager.  I did not want anything free, I just wanted acknowledgement.  They were attentive but at the same time really could not care.  Without asking, they sent us a dip certificate.  

So my husband and I decided to go again.  Just give them the benefit of the doubt.  This time the service was a complete 180!  The hostess was talkative and friendly.  The waiter was prompt and on-time.  We were stuck, again, in those terrible booths.  However, the service was so much better.  I am not sure if I will go again.  Honestly, the service is just not as good as other locations that I have experienced.  I feel better about this experience but it does not have the same class level as other locations.  

The manager on duty did give us a complimentary box of strawberries for our anniversary.  This visit got a 5, the first got a 1.  Therefore, let's average it out at a 3.
Two friends and I have been regulars of the Melting Pot Madison for the Monday Night special "Ladies Night" -often bringing in larger groups, for the past few years-so, having not gone since last winter, we decided it was time to return last Monday night. We noticed right away that we didn't see any of the usual servers or bartenders and that "our" server seemed less than pleasant, something that was NOT the norm from our prior visits. When our cheese arrived, we noticed that the dishes were different, and that broccoli was not on the plates to dip-but we thought that perhaps they were out. When our salads arrived, they were smaller than we remembered them being. We decided to also add the entree portion (not included in Ladies Night pricing) and when the vegetables arrived-there was broccoli! (assuming that in order to cut food costs, the broccoli was omitted from Ladies Night) We finished our meal with the chocolate fondue-all along commenting that none of the servers seemed happy and that our server, while it appeared she only had ours and one other table, was never around-we waited for refills of water as well as drinks-which seemed very unusual to our past experiences when someone seemed to always be around to fill waters (which was not a server-assuming it was another cut back by MP)  At the conclusion of our meal, we took out a Groupon valued at $49 (which was what we paid for it, as the Groupon special had expired, however according to Groupon , expired Groupons can always be used for the face value of which was paid for them)  We had read the rules pertaining to Groupon before presenting it, as it seemed fairly easy-however, the server took one look at it and said "you have to get what you bought it for!"...we explained that the deal was expired and now the Groupon was only good for the purchase price, not the $98 value it had once had.  She very reluctantly wrote the information down and left, returning only a few minutes later to say that her manager verified that the Groupon could not be used.  When we asked her to explain why, she staggered and stammered and asked if we would like to speak to the manager...which we did, if only to better understand why the Groupon couldn't be used. The server returned a few minutes later-placing the bill on the table and said "the manager took your Groupon even though we aren't supposed to!" and left.  So, no better explanation to why the Groupon couldn't be used and more attitudes from our server and the manager didn't think we were worth a visit to help us to understand...NOT what we wanted! We would have happily paid for our meals without the Groupon; all we had asked for was someone who knew WHY the Groupon couldn't be used to explain it to us so we knew HOW to use it.
I thought that Melting Pot should know of our experience and how embarrassing and unprofessional our visit was and how this was so unusual, based on the numerous times that we had gone there. I received a reply last night and I did finally have an answer as to the Groupon policy from Owners David & Terri Lenz, followed by the comment that "I viewed these rules differently than other guests who have purchased them." (I am assuming that makes me less intelligent than every other person who purchased them??)   Ok, so I asked for an explanation-and I got it, but what WAS NOT in my reply email from them was anything about our treatment by their server or manager.
I responded to David & Terri Lenz this morning, making sure that knew that Madison is full of quality restaurants with professional servers, managers and owners and that I will never go to Madison Melting Pot again-it has never been about the amazing food there (it's fondue!), but rather the amazing treatment and fun that used to be protocol for their customers-and based on the fact that Ladies Night used to be packed full and reservations nearly impossible, I did find it interesting that I was able to make same day reservations and when while there I also found it strange that so many tables sat empty-I think that MP has made some very poor decisions in staff changes, in food quantity changes and has alienated more former loyal customers than just me! If they were smart, they would go back to doing it the way it used to be :(
Been here a few times. Never disappointed. A little more expensive then I like to spend so I don't get to go much. But you never leave hungry. 
I don't think id ever go unless I had a coupon but when I do I try to find a way to go. 
Staff has been friendly in all visits.
very expensive for what you get. Also, not sure if this review will show up as YELP seems to remove bad reviews, for a price. Was not impressed with this place. service was slow, food was just ok, nothing special
I did not enjoy this place. They crammed six of us into a small booth, the waiter was sweaty and had to hover over us to do everything and it wasn't even good fondue. They bring the cheese out in bowls and mix it in front of you...the cheese looked like it came out of a package like you'd buy at a grocery store - perfectly rectangular and clearly not freshly grated. I've made better fondue at home for a lot less money. And a lot less time. It turned into an almost 3-hour ordeal just to leave still hungry. 

If you have the time to drive and you really want a good fondue, go to the New Glarus Hotel.
This place isn't what it is all hyped up to be. I've been here 2 times total. The first time was when my boyfriend took me and had set up their special romance package ahead of time. That includes a dozen roses, Champagne and two flute glasses, four-course Big Night Out meal, picture in a pewter frame, private booth for two with curtains for $150.  Though I do not believe there were any roses and we did not get a picture in a pewter frame either. We did enjoy their cheese fondue (we chose the spinach and artichoke). Their wedge salad wasn't anything special. 
Our least favorite parts of the 4-course meal was the entre. They give you 4-5 different meats that you cook for yourself in the pot if boiling water in the middle of your table. Each item cooks at different lengths, which my boyfriend disliked because the instructions were long and confusing. After we'd cooked all the meat and eaten we were very disappointed. There was hardly any flavor to it unless you dipped it in one of the 8 sauces they give you. 
The dessert was our favorite part of the meal, though we wouldn't go as far as to say it was phenomenal by any means. 
All in all this experience was not worth the price tag.
My most recent visit was for their "Girls Night Out" on Mondays. Food-wise the experience was the same but the price was better! And the best of all was their signature drinks. I would go back for their martini's, though they aren't strong they are delicious!
My first experience with melting pot was dinner at the original melting pot opened by the Johnston brothers in Tallahassee in 1979. It was wonderful. The food was fresh and plentiful, furnishings unpretensious, servers genuinely eager to please. And affordable. WOW - have things changed. My last trip was $150 and I left feeling taken. The charm is gone, replaced by modern day greed. Small portions seved in an atmosphere designed to squeeze out every penny.  Now I enjoy my fondue at home. Such a shame.
A chain, yes. But par for the course, no. 

First of all, they have an extensive wine list, which includes a rare type of sparkling wine, called Brachetto. In this area, DUI's are more common than a cold, and it's a light and tasty wine, with a low alcohol content. So it's option is great for me. It also goes great with everything they serve, because of it's unique flavor profile.

Lizzie was our waitress, and offered options and suggestions, which actually saved us quite a bit of money on the whole. Not that, by any stretch of the imagination, is this a place to go when you are not intending a big splurge. This is a place to take it slow and spend slightly over a decent amount. 

The food, however, is absolutely worth it. We tried the Cheddar fondue, which could have used a bit more mustard powder and worstershire sauce, but on the whole was delicious. It was well prepped, and Lizzie explained what she was adding and why the whole time. The veggie selection is a bit mundane, and that's really my only complaint. We ate the "big night out" prix fix menu and chose the "Fusion" option which had lobster tail, shrimp, brats, ravioli, new york strip, sirloin steak, and a marinated chicken. We cooked it in the Boullion method which is just a flavored broth. Because it's not oil, you do need to add 30 sec to a min to the suggested cook times, but it was a lot lighter than using the oil and we didn't come home smelling like oil. The california salad was incredible. It had mixed greens, sliced roma tomatoes, chopped pecans, and blue cheese crumbles with a rasberry black walnut dressing. It's been a long time since I was able to truly enjoy a salad, and this was amazing. The chocolate we chose was the Smore. It was milk chocolate, marshmallow creme flambeed with grahm cracker bits added after the fire goes out. It's served with 2 types of coated marshmallows, pound cake, a slice of cheese cake, and a bowl of sliced strawberries and bananas. Just enough to fill us up, but we didn't overstuff ourselves. Our dinner was leisurely paced and took us about 2 to 2 1/2 hrs to get through. This is pretty normal for fondue. You do have the option of sitting at the bar and having just a cheese or chocolate, if you are on a time constraint though. 
It's located in a great little shopping and dining area that wasn't too crowed last night, but I think that was more due to the weather, than the actual popularity of the place.
It was only ok.  There were 4 of us, we ordered an appetizer and a dessert and the bill was $104 w/out the tip.  Service was so so; seems no one remembered to bring the drinks we requested.  The dessert tray we ordered came with different items on it as they were out of the items that were listed on the menu.  Which is ok, but if I had know that ahead of time I wouldn't have ordered the dessert. 
While the food we did order was good I won't go out of my way to go back.
This particular Melting Pot is new, so that may be why my experience was not pleasant, but I usually love this place and now I will not return to this location.  The one in Scottsdale is farther away from where I live but after the horrible experience I had, I would much rather drive further to get better service.  

I went with my husband for Valentine's Day where we bought the whole package deal and had reservations made in advance.  We arrived and were seated promptly, which was about the only good thing about the whole meal.  The waiter seemed nice enough at first but after welcoming us and leaving us to go over the menu options it all went downhill.  The waiter took about 15-20 minutes to return and take our order.  He then forgot our drinks and they didn't arrive for another 10 minutes when he brought out our food.  After the cheese fondue course he once again was slow bringing out our salads and was never around when I needed a refill on my tea.  Then the main part where the meats were served was just horrible.  All of the meat was extremely salty and tasted like it had been marinated way too long.  The dessert was also poor quality because they ran out of some items that were suppose to be on the plate.  

Then the manager stopped by all of the tables around us but for some reason just walked by us without any acknowledgment which was rude and unprofessional.  At the end of the meal the waiter gave us our gift and just walked away while other servers around us explained what was in the bag and thanked the other customers for coming.  We also almost walked out of the door without the picture they took of us (part of the package) until the hostess explained where they were to be picked up.  I did fill out a survey on their website about what happened and the manager called the next night at 7pm and apologized in a hurry and told me to call him back.  I did try to call him back and he was not working that night, but he never called again.  I'm disappointed that this experience ruined my perception of this restaurant.  Next time I will definitely not come to this location!
We have been to the Melting Pot in Scottsdale a couple of times and decided to try this one out since we live very close.   We went during the week and did not have a reservation and did not have to wait.   We were seated in a private booth with a curtain.     Very romantic.  We had a nice waitress (although don't remember her name).      Waitress was very helpful in explaining the menu and option choices.   We purchased a cheese fondue and one main meal although she tried to talk us into each purchasing a main meal.   We had a certificate for a free chocolate dessert and chose the smore.    Good choice.    The dinner takes a little longer than most since they prepare the cheese and you must take time to cook the meat entrees to your liking.    Would go back again.
My now Hubby & I used to go to the Melting Pot every anniversary. We would to go to the Scottsdale location, but on our most recent Valentine's Day outting, we went to the new Glendale location. 

Like I said, it was Vday so they had a specialty menu set up just for it. For the cheese fondue we opted to try the Spinach & Artichoke, which we had never tried before, it was so yummy! For our salads, my Hubby got the Club & I got the Ceaser. Mine was good, pretty standard, but Hubs said his sucked. I can't recall the name of our main course since it was a special running for that weekend only, but I know it had Lobster somewhere in the name! The meats & veggies were yummy & we the used Coq au Vin cooking style like we always do. For dessert we ordered the Smores, we've had it before so we knew what to expect but it was delicious! During dinner we did order a bottle of Kendall Jackson red & a bottle of Martini Rossi, we went cheap since we knew dinner was going to be a lot! Oh & at the end of our meal they gave us complimentary glasses of what I beileve was Spumante (red, champagne). Nice touch but that bottle costs like $8 at the grocery store :p

At the end of our meal they did have a nice little gift bag with a bottle of their Garlic & Wine seasoning, their milk chocolate fondue bar, mints, a coupon & a picture frame. They were supposed to take our pic & then we would put that pic in the frame but they never took our pic. Oh well, got pics on our own camera any way.

After this last visit we have decided to no longer make this our "anniversary spot". Coming up this December is our 1st wedding anniversary so we are going to find a new place. We love you Melting Pot but the prices are just so not worth it!
I had an absolutely perfect evening there last night. Our waiter was Ryan and he was awesome. We reserved a private booth for the night which was incredibly romantic. It was so cute our waiter knocked before he opened the curtain every time to ensure we weren't making out or anything like that. It was so fun. We had amazing wine and we decided to go with the Big Night Out which is a LOT of food and it takes a good 2 hours to eat your whole meal but it is so fun sitting close to that special someone while having a unique dining experience. We had the spinach artichoke cheese which was delicious. We ate that right up! We got the lettuce wraps for our salad and the sauce that came with it was amazing. The meat selection for the main course is huge and all the seasonings were great and it was easy to cook your own meat (remember to have a cell phone with a timer on it to make this easier). Then there is dessert which is incredible! We also got 2 free glasses of champagne as it was my boyfriends birthday.  I can't wait for another special event so we can go again!
This review is for dessert only. Came here the other night with a party of four. we just had dessert and it was amazing! We were kinda boring and just got the milk chocolate but it was perfect chocolate with all kinds of yummy treats for dipping, our favorites being the strawberries, cheesecake,  brownies and rice crispy treats, our least favorite was the marshmallows. our waiter was pretty full of his own self importance and a little annoying with his I'm so cool attitude, look at all my cool tattoos. Other than that it was great and we will be back for more of that yummy chocolate.
My wife and I love this place very intimate and perfict place for a romantic dinner for two.

The fondue is a excellent and and excellent wine list. We always try new meals every time we go. We love the desert is amazing the amaretto with white chocolate or the ying and yang are excellent. 

the cooking style with the wine or the broth is usually what we get. Love this place very attentive and clean.
After hearing people rave about this place, finally got to check it out for a friend's birthday. This location is kind of hard to find...GPS got me to the parking lot of an insurance company and then I wandered for about 5 minutes before finding it. Second, it took a while to get food. It was tasty, but seemed pretty expensive for me dipping things in cheese and chocolate. On a positive note, our server was pretty good, high 5 for Sean! Since gift cards were on sale, I'll be going back...but the total for 8 of us was $350.
ABSOLUTLEY THE BEST TIME I'VE HAD AT A RESTAURANT IN A LONG LONG TIME... With that out of the way, my future wife and I couldn't have enjoyed the food any more. Our server Brandon was very informative and patient, as we had never done fondue before. Make sure to try a dessert one too! Ours was phenomenal!!! 

Food: so delicious you melt into your booth... Service: outstanding and fun... Atmosphere: Romantic and luxurious... Overall experience: Wow, we have to digest this so we can come right back...
Like the Melting Pot in Scottsdale, this location has a quiet, cozy feeling, but it doesn't take me an hour to get there :)  Big plus! 

A full meal here can be considered pricey, but you can always opt to just come in for desert, which in my opinion is the best part anyway, & then it is quite reasonable. A small will easily feed 2 & that will run you $16. 

The service is great. The chocolate fondue is fantastic. 
Our server recommended we try the Bananas Foster chocolate fondue. I'm not a big white chocolate fan, but he sold it well, so we went for it! It's described on the menu as 'silky white chocolate swirled with bananas and a dash of cinnamon and flambed table-side.' 
I'm here to tell you that it is what they say & SO much more! I highly recommend it :D 

As far as attire, because everyone is tucked away into the little nook you can do what you want. Dress for the occasion you are personally there for & enjoy yourself!
First off let me start by saying that the last time I had fondue was in the 1970's while my parents where having a canasta card party! 
So my wife says, "I have a surprise for Valentines for us"; which always makes me wonder, hum. We end up at the Melting Pot and I think, oh boy, lots of cheese and I haven't had a bathroom break in a day or two!
Well, we were a few minutes late for our reservation but the hostess was great and took us right in. We were greeted by our waiter and I immediately found out he knows everything you need to know about cheese, broth, cooking and just about everything in between. So, my wife had set us up for the Valentines package where you get a champagne toast with different choices for appetisers, main dish and desserts. 
Well, here's where the fun begins! Let's just say the cheese portion was a small piece of this whole thing.  Mind you I do have a little problem 'boiling my meat' in a pot, but I have to tell you I was surprised! 
Everything was fresh and the sauces that were provided to accompany our choices were great. 
Needless to say, I was very impressed with the service as well as the food.
I say, this place is more than just another CHEESY restaurant! Thanks Melting Pot for a great Valentines Romantic dinner.
Hubby and I came here for our anniversary, the staff made it very special for us! Love the privacy of the booths and the unique interactive experience! The lobster in the Caribbean infused broth was amazing! Worth the price for that most special occasion!
We had yet another fabulous experience at my favorite dining place, The Melting Pot. Sean was our waiter and did a wonderful job. We were called in by the special, which more than fed the two of us. When you get a chance to go, make it a more intimate ordeal like we did and reserve a private booth. Thanks again for a tasty dinner and great ambiance.
Absolutely incredible experience. My boyfriend took me here for my 20th birthday and got me the 'Romance Package'. We got our own private little booth with curtains, a bouquet of roses, and what seemed to be our own personal server. She was probably helping other tables as well but she made us seem like we were the only ones in the place. The food was not only amazing, it was an extraordinarily fun experience. We cooked it to our own tastes and there was so much extra to choose from! The portions are perfect for two and we could barely walk out of the restaurant afterwards because of all the different courses! I will definitely be visiting The Melting Pot as often as I can. Although a bit pricy, the ambience, food, and experience is completely worth it.
We had a Business Mixer at this location and was dissappointed.  IT was prearranged that we were coming as a group and to stay on a certain type of menu as everyone buys their own food and drinks and it's happy hour at this time.     The happy hour menu wasn't presented to everyone and they were shocked at the drink prices.   The prices of EACH person who "ate" was charged separate prices!  But there was ONE POT of the melted cheese shared with 5 people????  Each salad was $4, was very tasty BUT small.  The dessert (One Pot of melted chocolate) was awesome BUT each person who ate it was charged $5 a piece.
Guess what the bill was for two kids and two adults??  
$88, and they charged over a $10 TIP for two kids.
Gratuity was NOT discussed prior to this meeting.
IF you are going for a "Special" occasion for two adults, I can see spending this kind of $$$ maybe?  Other then this, we weren't FULL but the restaurant sure was full with our $$$.
Went to this place with my smarter half to enjoy a relaxing night sans children.  The wait staff was very attentive to our needs and aside from a lack of wine pairing knowledge they were very good to us.  The dessert is absolutely amazing!  definitely worth the money.
I have been here only once and it was for my best friends birthday.  I made a reservation but it was unfortunately late in the evening because I made it late.  I expected there to be more people since I was told that the only time they had available was 915pm.  I was ok with this but only because it was for my besty.  We arrived and were quickly seated.  Since it was her first time they went over the whole shpeal about how it works.  We started out with the Wisconsin Trio Cheese Fondue.  I had never thought of bleu cheese in a fondue but boy was this rich and creamy.  We thoroughly enjoyed every last bite.  The only dipping item that I didn't enjoy with it was the uncooked broccoli.  We then moved to the Cesar Salad.  The parmesan encrusted pine nuts were so good we spent quite a bit of time talking about it.  We then got the Land & Sea and a side of the teriyaki-marinated sirloin.  The fun of cooking the food soon became apparent.  She had thought that this would be tedious but quickly warmed to it and enjoyed finding the perfect cook time for the shrimp so that the tail slid right off.  She enjoyed finding different dipping sauces for each of her meats and for the veggies.  The night quickly moved to dessert.  When we were kids we would stay up late and watch horror movies and melt chocolate and peanut butter so The Original was a perfect match for us.  By this time we were fairly full and had forgotten to save room for dessert.  But we ate it anyway.  I love the dippers that are provided.  The strawberries are always fresh and sweet, the bananas were good (based on my friends review, again with the stupid allergies),  The cheesecake was rich and creamy, Rice crispy treats are always good and then add peanut butter and chocolate and heaven is tasted, the graham cracker encrusted and oreo encrusted marshmellows are wonderful and I wish I knew how to make them, the poundcake was divine and the brownies were rich.  Needless to say the dessert was a hit.  The price is high but worth it.  Had to take a star away for the late reservation even though they weren't very busy.  The waitress was ok but the experience at the Scottsdale location with the flambe was an added enjoyment.  It is a nice location.
The service was great.  I took my daughter for her 20th birthday and she loved it. We had a 4 course dinner that included cheese fondue, salad,meat and veggies and the chocolate for dessert. Our bill was about 100 bucks without liquor for the two of us so it's not cheap but a nice place for a special occasion. I will go back but next time will probably just do the cheese and chocolate fondue as it was alot of food, but the pork was amazing and we aren't even pork people! There's also a happy hour menu and drink specials! 5 dollar fondues for happy hour. I would only bring kids over 6 or 7 as there is hot liquids.
Decadent meal with 5 star service.

Took the in-laws for a treat and this was quite possibly one of thee most enjoyable meals ever.   We enjoyed a wide array of delicious food and were pampered each and every step of the way.

Desert is killer and is very much a requirement to have before leaving.   Drinks were especially pricey as  the cheapest wine by the glass was north of $7.
I took my family to the Melting Pot in Glendale after a busy week at work.  We had been there before so kind of knew what to expect. My daughter loves coming here because she wants to be a chef some day and thinks it is fun to cook her own food.  We had a reservation for 6:15 and upon arrival were taken straight to our booth.  Our waitress was very friendly and took the time to explain the menu and the appropriate cooking times for the different types of food.  The bus boy kept our drinks full and came by often to clear our plates.  The food was pretty good but the highlight was the dessert.  We had the chocolate fondue and my kids were in heaven.  While we were waiting for the dessert the manager came by and offered some comic relief...he brought a big bowl of broccoli and tried to convince my kids that it was what they were getting because they were out of chocolate.

I can't say that this is the best food I have ever had but the overall experience makes up for what is lacking in taste.  You can tell that the staff is well managed and that they want you to be happy.  They even took a picture which we were able to download for free from their website!
My wife and I love this place. Try to go once a month. The big night out is pricy, but well worth it. I suggest upgrading the broth. Love the spinach and artichoke dip for the cheese and almost always get the bananas foster for the desert. The food is forst class and service is second to none. Aleays had a great experience. Join the club and get awesome offers via email.
I just spent the evening with my new grade level teaching team at the Glendale Melting Pot for a year end celebration. What better way to end the school year than with a bunch of melted cheese and chocolate, well, everything huh?-lol! We laughed a lot and shared great times. The restaurant is dark and pretty. Great bonding place with friends and I can imagine a very romantic date place. The food is good. This is a unique dining experience. At first I was like, "Ok I don't like cheese that much", and, "that sure isn't even close to enough food to fill me up."  Ummmmm, yeah. Ummmmmm, no problem there. It is the next day I am still fully stuffed here. We rolled out of there-lol!I loved every bit of every course.( I really want to go back and try the lobster with the Caribbean style cooking oil. After I hit the lottery of course!) YUMMERS too to the chocolate treaties at the end. 

   Tom the waiter was very accommodating. We were a bunch of crazy, wild woman there and he treated us well. Now a hint for those who don't know about this place. It is very expensive. However, to fix that problem Wahla!l it's restaurant week in Phoenix. So for 30 bucks, plus tax and tip per person, you can share the experience with a preset menu deal.( you can purchase upgrades too)  Lovely evening. Enjoy! Bonjour!
Do Swiss Army Knives have a fondue fork that folds
away into the knife? They should. While nobody yodelled
for us this definitely is the place for lovers of cheese
and chocolates. Everybody kept asking what was being 
celebrated. For the price of the meal it sure seems like
you need a reason to splurge to even walk through the
door. We all had a pretty good time regardless. I'm not
sure if all locations are like this but you probably 
want to make a reservation if you are coming in on a weekend.
  So the most popular way of enjoying a meal at The Melting
Pot is the four course deal. You get cheese fondue, salad,
an Entree and dessert (chocolate fondue). I must say that
for a lot of people by the time the third course is done, 
that is pretty much it. You can tone down the amount of food
to fit the actual amount your group can handle eating. Even
if you have four people in your group, you can order the salads
for 2 or the entrees for 3. That helps a lot in terms of
portion control. When I was there, even the final dessert which 
we ordered for one seemed to be a lot. 
   So you start off with a cheese fondue - you can choose from
Spinach Artichoke (Fontina and Butterkase with spinach and
artichoke hearts), Fiesta Cheese (aged cheddar with lager beer, 
japaleno peppers and salsa), Cheddar Cheese (aged cheddar and
Emmenthaler Swiss with lager beer, garlic, and seasonings),
Wisconsin Trio Cheese (Fontina and Butterkase with buttermilk
bleu cheese, white wine, scallions, and sherry), Traditional
Swiss Cheese (Gruyere and Emmenthaler Swiss with white wine, 
garlic, nutmeg, lemon and Kirschwasser) and finally the Big
Night Out Seasonal Cheese. The waiter comes and sets up a fondue
pot and mixes the cheese and all the ingredients which you can
then dip breads, fresh vegetables and apples into. This is sort
of like an appetizer so there's only one plate for everyone to 
get items to dip from. 
   Then you have a choice of salads for the second course - The
Melting Pot House Salad, Spinach Mushroom Salad, Caesar Salad,
California Salad, and Big Night Out Salad. These are rather big
portions for a salad so if you have a small capacity you might
want to share rather than have each person getting their own salad.
   Then we get to the entrees. This is the fun part because you
do your own cooking. First, you have to choose a cooking style.
Pretty much one for the whole group. You can choose from Coq au
Vin (Burgundy wine with fresh herbs, spices, and mushrooms), Court
Bouillon (vegetable broth with herbs and spices), Bourguignonne
(cholestrol-free canola oil), and Mojo (bouillon with fresh garlic
and citrus). For the entrees themselves, you have all sorts of 
combinations of filet mignon, shrimp, salmon, chicken, sirloin,
pork tenderloin, duck, potstickers, ravioli, asparagus, tofu, 
edamame, artichoke hearts, Andouille sausage, onion rings, lobster
tail, and Portobello mushrooms.
   The cooking times were given for each type of food:
Poultry, Pork: 2 1/2 minutes
Seafood: 2 minutes
Beef: 1 1/2 minutes
Everything else: 1 minute
   I used my iPhone's timer and used both fondue forks at a time
to try and get the cooking down to a science. A little silly and
fun at the same time. But by the end of it, I was stuffed. Our
group decided we'd have only one person's portion of the final
course - dessert. 
   For the final course, chocolate fondue (dessert) you get a 
choice of Big Night Out Seasonal Chocolate, The Original (milk
chocolate, peanut butter), Yin & Yang (dark and white chocolate),
Cookies 'n Cream Marshmallow Dream (dark chocolate topped with
marshmallow cream flambeed and topped with Oreo cookies), Flaming
Turtle (milk chocolate, caramel and candied pecans flambed), Pure
Chocolate (dark, white, or milk), Bananas Foster (Bananas and a 
hint of cinnamon swirled in white chocolate), and Chocolate S'mores
(milk chocolate with marshmallow cream, flambed and topped with 
bits of graham crackers). We opted for the Cookies 'n Cream Marshmallow
Dream. They brought a plate of strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, Rice 
Krispies Treats, marshmallows, pound cake and brownies to dip in.
It was definitely decadent and filled us all to the brim.
   Parking is easy to find. It's in the same mall as Zendejas Grill and 
Next Coffee. The restaurant itself is right across from Sylvan.
My husband and I went here yesterday to take advantage of their happy hour ($5/person cheeses and chocolates, $4 small salads, and discounted booze at the bar Monday-Friday 4-6pm.

We arrived about 10 minutes before 6pm and were seated at the bar after a few minutes' wait.  The bar tender who served us was really cool about giving us the happy hour prices the entire time we were there.  Over the course of the meal we each had a glass of wine, 2 types of cheeses (traditional Swiss and seasoned cheddar), and the flaming turtle chocolate fondue.  You are provided with bread, veggies (cauliflower, carrots, and broccoli) and granny smith apples to dip in your cheese.  You are provided with strawberries, bananas, marshmellows, Rice Krispy treats, cheesecake, brownies, and pound cake to dip in your chocolate.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal, although I think fondue is one of those things that either you love it or you don't.

The bartender/waiter was awesome - very friendly, funny, attentive and accommodating.
My husband and I really enjoy our date nights at the Melting Pot. It can be expensive if you get the big meals like the Big Night Out (I would never suggest this for just 2 people - to me it feeds more like 4 people; all you have to do is add 2 more salads to it and it's great for 4). Anyways, the happy hour deals are good and certainly help to make it more affordable so that is what we do more often. I also suggest checking out the specials they have that make a night out with friends affordable as well. 
The staff is always friendly and I've never had any issues with the several times we've gone. If you've never been and you enjoy cheese and chocolate, give it a try. Plan on spending $30-50/person incl. drinks (unless it's happy hour when it'll be less). I wouldn't suggest this place for kids as they have hot surfaces and pans to worry about.
Finding the location was a little tricky.  Front of business is not visible from anywhere but the back parking lot or center walking area.  
Upon entering, hubub and I were warmly greeted and asked to wait at the bar while our table was prepared.  Had time to wash up before they took us to the table.  Quick!
This place is a maze.  We were taken towards the back to a super private area and seated at a tiny little booth made for two to be seated VERY closely.  There's even a little curtain they can close to make it nice and private.  Super romantic.
Service was impeccable.  
I would give it 4 stars had it not been for the outrageous prices.  (luckily we had a Living Socia deal).  
For the price, I would have expected higher quality food, however, portions of the entrees were endless.  
Dessert is a must.  Ate myself into a food coma

I will return if Living Social or Groupon comes out with another deal for this location.

If your looking for an expensive meal and a romantic setting, your better off going to the Compass Grill in downtown Phoenix.
Had the traditional four course meal to celebrate my anniversary.  Service was outstanding.  I ordered a glass of wine and really didn't like it - they took it back and didn't charge me for my replacement glass of wine.  The server said it was on the house - they didn't like that I was disappointed with my first choice.  For dessert they provided a nice dessert wine so we could toast our anniversary.  

The food was tasty - I enjoyed the pace of entrees and would definitely go back.
I love the melting pot! The  young man who served us this time was very nice but a little slow. Thet forgot to put our past on the plate and we were pretty much finshed with everything else by the time we received it. Perhaps staffing is short at this location??? We enjoyed our visit but I have to admit I liked the Scottsdale location better.
Wonderful Experience!  

J and I had our first date night - post baby 2 weeks ago.  So we got dressed up, J in a suit and myself in a dress.  We were a little surprised that people were there dressed in jeans, shorts, flip flops, etc.  But whatever, we prefer to eat our $100 dinner dressed nicely.  LOL

We originally went got the AZ Restaurant Week offer.  $30 a person.  However, in looking at the menu. We decided that we wanted to do a dessert fondue, which didn't come with the AZ Rest. week menu.  So we opted for the traditional 4 course classic dinner - Cheese, Salad, Entree, and Chocolate.  

All of our courses were amazing.  The cheese fondue was great , with the pumpernickel bread (at least I think it was pumpernickel).  The salads were a little over-dressed.  But mine, the California (candied pecans, spring mix, gorgonzola) was tasty.  J still enjoyed his Caesar, with the encrusted pine nuts.  The entrees - shrimp, crusted sirloin,  chicken breast and teriyaki-marinated sirloin, and marinated pork.  J' favorite, the teri sirloin and the pork.  My favorite, the shrimp and crusted sirloin.  And the dessert fondue - The flaming turtle!!!!  Milk chocolate, caramel and candied pecans.  OMG so good I wanted to lick the fondue bowl.  I didn't lick the bowl, but I did run my finger along the inside.  Only did that once though cause it was hot!  lol

We'll definitely be back again for a special night out.
This is a newer location in the Valley and it is fantastic. My husband and I came here with the living social deal. We have been to Melting Pot before so we knew what to expect.

I booked my reservation, put my living social number in and asked for a private room. We went on a Wednesday, the place was very quiet. (It was the only day we could get a baby sitter so sue me)

The private booths are an L shaped booths and you will be cuddling but you can stretch out in order to eat. 

The staff was very friendly and it was endless entree, we had absolutely too much of everything including:

Cheddar Cheese Fondue (This was amazing, with a beer base...cheese and beer...come on HEAVEN)

House and Caesar Salads

Cog Au Vin Entree Broth (utterly amazing)

Then we got to dessert. We asked for them to add Creme De Menth for a mint chocolate fondue. Let me tell you...this...was...AMAZING. Best fondue I have ever had hands down.

The Moscato wine is also worth noting, we purchased a bottle and it was one of the best Moscatos I have ever had.

We love Melting Pot and they delivered last night. We would love to go back again soon!
We went here for our Anniversary. Service was good food was just ok didn't meet my expectations for the price we paid. I don't think we will go back.
I'm mixed on 3 to 4 stars for this place. Here is why:

The Great:
My server was fabulous. Complete sweet heart and was completely friendly. 
She kept a good pace of us never needing anything and being a part of the experience but never made it feel as if she was over doing it or intruding. 
Sarah was a great server that night and I am sure if I go back I will request her again.  She genuinely seemed to really want this night to go well and did her best to make sure it did.

The Good:
The food was good. Typical melting pot. I was disappointed that the big night out menu had no vegetarian option. That was really irritating but we moved past it and went with the Spinach Artichoke fondue, California salad (with sharp cheddar instead of the Gorgonzola) split of the vegetarian entree, and a custom mix of the dark & milk chocolate fondue with assorted flavors we chose. My mom was more impressed with the entree than the fondue which is sad for a fondue restaurant. 

The Not So Awesome:
Where we were sat we had people buzzing by us all the time, it was close to the kitchen. I remember comparing it to feeling as if we were seated in a hallway. Which, to be honest it seems like there is a lot seating that would feel that way. 
As I mentioned earlier the vegetarian option was rather limited and I was disappointed in their lack of foresight with the Big Night Out Menu not having any vegetarian option. From what I've seen before from this place this isn't a typical and they usually have an option to turn the big night vegetarian if you wish. I don't know what happened this time, but bummer for our entire table. 
Also, its not the easiest place to find. Go take a drive around the building after turning right in the first available turn in point and on the other it mentions the melting pot's entrance is around the corner.

To sum it up, honestly I believe I would have had a much less enjoyable time if it wasn't for the shining service of our server. If she had been someone else and not been so good at her job I probably would have been rating this place lower because the atmosphere was just ok with our seating, the food selection was much more limited that normal and what I had expected. I'm not saying I'll never go back, but if/when I do I'll be making sure to reserve a table in her section to ensure my dining experience goes well.
Went here for the first time, after years of wanting to check it out.  It was our "It's a boy" celebration for my husband and myself.  We were placed in a little private booth with a curtain. Our waiter explained everything wonderfully, especially since it was our first time. We talked through the whole dinner about what a romantic experience this was. I do not have one complaint about any of the food, all of it, especially the desert was great.  We will be back for those special celebrations in our lives because we know this is the place to be :)
My husband got us a "package deal" for a date night. It came with a photo w/ frame of us, 12 roses, and a private booth. It was the first time either of us had been there and I loved it. The food was good. The drinks were great. And the experience was awesome. It was a bit pricey but for everything we got it was worth it.
For six years I lived literally across the street from a Melting Pot in California...and I probably went 3 times total in those years. 

We went to this MP for happy hour since its right across from my school and trust me, I'll be going again! The service is excellent and the food is good as always! They have an awesome happy hour, 5 bucks for their cheese fondue that comes with 3 types of bread, fruits and veggies. The dessert plates are 10 bucks and comes with a plate of treats to dip into one of their signature chocolate fondues. Everyone wanted to try a different fondue so our awesome waiter/bartender gave us dessert for one and split the price. 

I'll have to come back for dinner to have their entrees again, its been a while. This place is definitely worth a try, great ambiance for dates, and good food. Its a bit pricey but I think the food and experience make up for it.
I really wanted the melting pot to be as good as always...it was ok. The server Ivan was very good in all areas. The food was ok.. The overall flavor was just not there tonight. Everything seemed just a bit off. Now for the real issue. We understood that the only menu available even though tonight is February 16th was the Valentine's Day menu. We were perfectly OK with that. We asked our server very specific questions and were given clear answers. We appreciated that. We were charged $14.00 too much. The Phone just rang and it was Tony from the melting pot. I sent them an e-mail about 15 mins ago on this situaton. EXCELLENT turnaround time ! Problem taken care of. This makes us willing to return again. Honest mistake and honest correction. Thank you to The Melting Pot. We will give you another chance.
Love this place! We have always had great service here and the food is always good. We usually get the fiesta cheese fondue and the flaming turtle chocolate.. So yummy!
Go for happy hour totally affordable then! Great cocktails and good service.
It's only worth it for the $5 per person per pot happy hour, otherwise it's just overpriced for what you get.  The only cheese fondue that I ever get is the artichoke one, and my favorite chocolate fondue is The Original, which has peanut butter in it.  One of my gripes about this place is that if you split the pot with more people, it is like you are paying for less amount of fondue.
2nd time going for happy hour and it was amazing again! I highly suggest getting the pomegrante cosmo, awesome!
I went to try this place out on a Monday, Memorial Day, the last day for Arizona Restaurant Week.  I have never tried fondue and this gave me a great opportunity.

The deal was choose from a cheddar or cheese artichoke fondue for the starter, a the main course fondue, and the classic or dark chocolate fondue for dessert.  All this for 30 bucks per person and add 6.95 for the cooking style.

The place was dark and was playing classic music from the fabulous fifties.  The place was just the opposite of busy.  I really did not even need to make a reservation.  

On with the food.  The spinach cheese artichoke was creamy and thick.  Croutons, tortilla chips, cauliflower, apples were dipped and savoured.  Highly recommend.  

The main course consisted of about 4 pieces of sirloin teriyaki, pork, chicken breast, 2 spinach ravioli, and shrimp.  We chose the Coq Au Vin cooking style that had wine, mushrooms, and broccoli.  Cooking them was such an adventure.  Something about dipping a stick in a hot metal bowl so simple yet so interactive.  The "stew" really did its job of just cooking the food.  The total time to cook each meaty piece was around 2-3 minutes.  The six different dressings were what really gave the zest.  We also got  a lobster tail with lemon butter dipping sauce for an added 10 bucks.  It was worth it because how often do people ever eat lobster fondue?

The chocolate fondue dessert was delicious because I have a sweet tooth, but unremarkable.  Rice crispies, a slice of cheesecake, giant marshmellows, bannana slices, and strawberries were among the dippers.

The total bill was 60pp, even with the restuarant week discount.  But, the experience and the attentiveness of the waitress compensated for it overall.  I compare the fondue for the main course to be similar to "Hot Pot" because of table top cooking, but the food fusion is much different.

I recommend this place for date night or a special occasion.  It is quiet enough to carry conversations.  Other than that happy hour is the other time I would ever come here because of the prices.
Can be pricey if you go all out but I went for HH and paid $25 for a cheese pot, a salad, a glass of wine and dessert. Not too shabby. The bartender was very friendly and knew his stuff! Portions were large and I left very satisfied and will definitly be back.
This is the best place to go out for a date! The food is just amazing!! We got the all you can eat and it was just terrific! And of course we finished with desert. The banana foster is the best
Fabulous great date night! Even better happy hour. Only complaint is the creme brle fondue isn't served year round! It's extremely delicious!
TL;DR version: The food is fun, if a bit gimmicky (only the first course is "real" fondue, c'mon), but the service is wonderful and the ambiance is great. Overpriced as others have noted, considering you cook your own food and the food cost can't possibly be that high, but we'd still go back.

----

The place was almost impossible to find in the dark because the entire complex IS dark. Seriously, the windows were completely black and the sign was almost impossible to make out. After circling the parking lot a few times I actually had already punched in another location on the GPS when my husband spotted a directory and jumped out to look. It was a little Haunted Mansion "no windows and no doors" esque.

Wine: So good. The end.

First course: Why are there green apples served with spinach and artichoke dip? Who thought that was a thing? My husband just ate them separately while I judged them too harshly as I am wont to do. The veggies were also really hard to spear. The bread was a little dry, but the only logical option and really good once we got dipping.

Second course: Salad was really good, and there was a non-iceburg option. Always a win for those of us who prefer digestible foods.

Main course: Good, but again, a little random. I wasn't a fan of any of the sauces for dipping the actual food in, but a few were pretty good on their own. My shrimp-hating husband thought the shrimp was the best option and ordered more, so that's pretty impressive.

Biggest fail of the evening: We were seated next to a crazy drunk couple who we kept thinking would leave but they kept ordering more wine and dessert. Considered asking to move, but... awkward... and didn't want to get in a parking lot fight. It's Arizona, after all. The restaurant was practically empty, and the couple said they had been there for like 5 hours. Why did they seat us there in the first place? The woman kept calling out to us asking how our food was and telling us what to order and then smoking a hookah vaporizer pen talking about how high it made her feel when no servers were in sight.


It made for a funny story to tell our friends, but an entirely unromantic evening. Thankfully we weren't celebrating anything.
This is one of the most overrated things I have done in a while.  I will give it two stars because the dessert was good but for what you pay the food is really lacking.

The cost is really high and you cook your own plate!  If the cost was about in half it would have gotten three or four stars.

On top of that it seemed we were always waiting for the raw foods to show up.
When we come here its mainly for a special occasion. More so cause this is an expensive place and I never get my money's worth. But family members seem to enjoy this place. My review is of their special 4 course meal. There are usually three main courses that you can eat all with some type of fondue plus a salad course. First course is the cheese fondue where you can dip bread, veggies, apples, and tortilla chips. Next is the salad. Third course is the meat fondue where you get a seasoned broth with an assortment of chicken, steak, and shrimp, this course used to limited but recently they changed it to unlimited amounts of food. And the last course, probably the best course. The chocolate course with an assortment of strawberries, pound cake, rice crispy treats, brownies, and cheese cake. This sounds like a lot of food but it really isn't. It's a good amount.  You'll run around 50 + tax per person. Like I said this is usually reserved for special occasions. Once a year it makes my family happy and that makes me happy.
Service is always great.  The staff seems to really enjoy working at this location which makes for a wonderful evening.  To say what is the best is difficult.  First the cheese is awesome, the shrimp and teriyaki sirloin to die for.  Then we died and went to chocolate heaven, what could be better I don't know.  Thank you Melting Pot.
We had an amazing experience at The Melting Pot from the moment we walked in the door! we were greeted by two friendly hosts and the female manager, as soon as we told them the name on our reservation they wished me a happy birthday! They were so sweet! We had arrived 30 minutes early and they were able to seat us prior to our reservation time. Our server was very friendly and he hung out and joked with us the whole night, he was so entertaining but not overbearing! He explained the deal chicken menu that we had purchased and even brought us a candle in the cheese cake for my birthday!  The ambiance of the restaurant was very inviting and elegant from the decor, the low lighting , and the high back booths which made us feel like we had privacy while enjoying our meal. We will definitely return in a few months to celebrate our anniversary and also come for happy hour!
My fiancee and I came here for a nice night out. I'll admit that the food is pricey (and you do "cook" it yourself). However, the overall atmosphere and fun of the food made it worth while. The wait staff was good at keeping our glasses full, as well as recommending the various flavors. I would definitely come back here (provided I save up for it). 

My only complaint: Price. While the night was great and we went home full, it did costs over $100.00 for the two of us. Provided you don't get dessert, you're looking at around $75.00 for a meal here. 

On a side note: A few people complain that you cook your own food. Isn't that what fondue is about?
When I heard they were participating in restaurant week I was thrilled! Usually every time I come here I spend no less than $150 so this was a bargain! As always the meal was delicious and fun but what made this experience truly fantastic was the service. We got there about an hour before closing and at many other restaurants the service would have been crappy and rushed but our server Christine was such a joy! She was attentive and upbeat and her service was right on point. It was an absolute pleasure having her as our server and I will be returning for sure, requesting one of her tables. Thank you Christine!
I took my friend here for a nice evening out for her birthday.  I have been here before but only for dessert.  The first course was a Caesar salad which was great. But then again how can you really mess up a salad.  However, the Parmesan encrusted pine nuts added a little character. 

The second course consisted of cheese dip and which I thought I had a little more beer and garlic than I liked.  But the meats, especially the summer sausage, made up for that inconvenience. 

The third course was a little underwhelming for me.  There were a multiple options to choose from on the platter including filet minon, teriyaki beef, chicken, shrimp and ravioli.  My favorite was by far the teriyaki beef.  It was very good with the various dipping sauces.  The wort part of this was having to cook the meat.  There are small pieces that each you need to cook and it gets annoying fishing for the meat.

Lastly, we had our dessert which consisted of brownies, strawberries, cheesecake, bananas and rice crispy treats to be dipped in our chocolate snickers fondue.  Every part this was delicious.

This is a great place to visit at least once for the full experience with all the courses.  However, i will only go back for dessert. Great service but 3 stars because of the price and having to cook the food yourself.
I have dined at Melting Pot's in Washington & Arizona. The food is the same, but this is by far the best service I have ever experienced. Manager, server & busboy were all very attentive. I dine out at least 3 times a week & our server, Christine truly knows how to provide an excellent dining experience!
Our anniversary spot this last week, we had a great living social deal for all you can eat fondue so how could you not love that! We had a new server (to his admission) but it didn't show. They really train the new hires well our night was fantastic and we will be back for sure! 

Great place for the wife/GF if you haven't tried it yet you really should it's worth the price tag!
We really love coming here for special occasions! The staff is always pleasant,  helpful,  and friendly.  The food is amazing!  We always get the 4 course meal.  The new addition of the meats for the cheese chose is delicious.  We love the mushroom and spinach salad.  For the entre course they're all good,  but we especially love puttingthe green goddess on the mushroom caps.  And dessert is always so decadent! !!!
Would have been a FIVE...but we had a kinda inexperienced server...of course everyone has to start somewhere! Endless entries ROCK!
We had the cheese & desert happy hour.. Awesome price, great food, and good service! Will definitely be back :)
Yikes!  Our party of 7 dined here for the first time.  The menu was complex and the waiter was either inexperienced or incompetent, resulting in a completely messed up order, or misunderstanding or bewilderment on our part.  The servings were sparse and the cuisine indifferent, or odd!  Then we got the bill.. holy Moley!  We could have made two car payments with the Verizon bill thrown in.
Don't recommend it.

 All in all...  wouldn't wish the experience on anyone but the Grinch!
I sure do love the Melting Pot. And even love it more that it's finally on the northwest side of town!  We have been to dinner at this location at least 3 times in the past year and a half so I think I should be a good judge of this restaurant. 

First off the restaurant is set up very nice. If you have never been to a melting pot before there are booths with a burner in the middle for your fondue. Larger tables get two burners. The layout of this restaurant is similar to other Melting Pots I've been to. Nice, quite and romantic because it really gets you to have time to talk to your dinner date. 

We always seems to order the big night out which is endless. The key is endless! More on that later...first you get a cheese fondue to pick. Honestly I've had a few and all are good but what I can remember is the Wisconsin cheese. You get apples, and bread to dip in there after the server whipped it up for you. 

After you get a salad of your choice. I prefer the caesar. Add some of their special seasoning. 

Now onto the main entire. The last time we had the surf and turf  which includes steak and shrimp and chicken. You get a plate of meat to dip and cook into the fondue. As for the season of the actual fondue soup checkout the Mojo...it's worth the couple of dollars up-sell. 

The point of fondue is to cook your own food. Some people find his annoying, I find it fun and it gets me involved in the cooking. After it's done, pop some more In and enjoy with the awesome sauces they give you..best thing, it's endless. So if you want more meat, just ask and don't be shy. 

Lastly you get your choice if desserts. Can go wrong with any. Last time we had the banana fosters which was great. You dip cakes, and fruit into chocolate. 

Even though at first it appears that you are not getting much food for the price, but after the end of your meal I would be willing to bet that you actually are full! Not the cheapest place around...but it's worth it once in a while to celebrate something special. I can't wait till I can make my way back to here after writing about it.lol.
I never liked fondue - that is until it was done correctly, The Melting Pot is definitely done correctly. This establishment is an eating experience. You do not get quality food, great service, and a unique fine dining experience without  spending a fair amount of cash. The Melting Pot is well worth the money spent.
The atmosphere was nice, we had an excellent waiter, the good was good. And the chocolate was amazing.
Went out w friends and we had the endless fondue. For starters we had the garlic and herb cheese fondue. It was ok not sure I would get it again. The main course had chicken, steak, shrimp, and ravioli. It was delicious. The dessert round was fabulous as always. Can't go wrong with chocolate.  
Great place for friends to hang out. A bit pricey, however if you plan for it.
Okay, this is an awesome place.  I recommend getting the "All You Can Eat" fondue special. 
You get one appetizer (a cheese fondue), a salad (either house or caesar), main course with vegatables (put those in the pot right away), multiple meats that you can refill until you had your fill, and then a dessert fondue.

Because fondue is more methodical than just stuffing your face at a buffet, you will eat a lot less.  But, the food is soooooooooo good.  The quality of the meats are excellent, and I do not feel like I am overcharged at all.  

Quality costs money!
Great waiter great professionalism.  The experience was awesome to try but to me this place is like a once in a blue moon not one of those places I would go to often. But an awesome first experience if you have never been there!
Great place with a very romantic atmosphere.  From the start of our dinner to the end our service was top notch.  The food is a little pricey but worth every penny.  Loved the chocolate dipping at the end.
The whole experience was great! We went there to celebrate our one year anniversary. We were able to sit in a private booth and enjoy each other's company. The waiter gave just enough service to not feel neglected but also keep it private for us. 

We had the spinach artichoke cheese, the house salad, All you can eat meat fondue, and s'mores chocolate dessert! Everything was delicious but my favorite part was defiantly the dessert. They provide Oreo and graham cracker covered marshmallows, bananas, strawberries, brownies, rice crispy bars, and pound cake to dip into the chocolate! 

Overall, a wonderful experience.
My daughter sent me a gift card for Mothers Day.  We arrived at 11 a.m. and were given a warm welcome.  After were seated and the meal was explained to us, we sat back and relaxed with a Mimosa.  My husband and I had the best time.  It has been 40 years since I last used a fondue pot.  The food was fabulous!  The service was extraordinary, and the experience is worth doing again.   You will find there are so many choices, from the seasonings to the oils.  All I can say is YUMMO!!!!
I experienced good service. I didn't understand what all the fuss was about the cheese fondue, wasn't impressed. Now the main course and desert, wow! Awesome. My overall experience was good.
Pretty reasonablly priced crepe and fondue place.  Had the Flamenkuche at the waitress' recommendation which was a soure creame, cheese, bacon, onion tart which was nice. 

The chocolate fondue was pretty run of the mill but it had some creme puffs as a dipping options which I liked.   Date liked the cholocate ganache dessert crepe.   $10-$15 per plate.
Yodel -Le - He-Ho!!!   Been dying for some food to remind you of the French Alps? Yes? Well I have got a beautiful place for you to try ... a bit of  yumminess right here on Bell rd... Crepes, Tartines and Fondue ..what more could you ask for ? How about an ice cave ? Yes just when you thought that you'd never see an ice cave for comedians and what not ..there it is...  Seriously... right on the Bar side of the restaurant... Okay new place to try kids and it is really tasty. Husband and  I had the Scallop/Mediterre  Savory Crepe which was lovely  and the Jamon Frankekuchen --which translates loosely   "tasty ham / pear pizza with crescent roll crust  " super delicious ... now the shocker was the over hazelnutation of the  sweet  crepe...   wholly  nutella folks  ...too much ... but yet we ate it all. 
The interior begs for you to take this place seriously as a french
 /swiss alps restaurant  and to be honest it does remind me of a bistro we ate in Lucerne, Switzerland... , there  really is a fake ice cave ala the matterhorn area of Disneyland ,which the owner plans on using as a stage for comedians ..I am laughing already. 
There also is a crepe cam  which shows the making of the crepes in the kitchen  and is televised to the bar  area..ah.. neat.   

Call me and lets go get a crepe together!!
Who would expect to find a delightful restaurant on Bell Road in Glendale that serves the kind of French food one would find in a cafe in France!!!  I specifically say a cafe because that is where the french go for good food and wine at reasonable prices.  La Chalet is that place and I absolutely loved it!!!  The service was low key which I can deal with.  Our questions were answered intelligently!  I have to tell you of my major fax pas that gets worse .  I asked our server what she'd recommend based on who was cooking that day.  She looked at me a bit puzzled and told me that the head chef was preparing the food that day.  He had formulated the menu so she assured me he really enjoyed preparing  all. It gets worse.   I  ordered. la Breton, crepes with egg,  Swiss cheese, rosemary ham, and mushrooms.   She told me the eggs would be served in somewhat of an over easy style, which I find usually is not done to my liking. When it comes to ethnic food I can be most particular.  Rather than take a chance I told her to tell the chef to scramble them lightly and that I promised I wouldn't ask for ketchup to put on them!  My friend had Roquefort and caramelized apples and pecans with a few other things.  I watched when she put in the order and noticed the look she got, I was certain, when she said scrambled.  I was to far away to hear them.  At that point I realized there might be the slightest chance had just insulted the man who formulated the dish in a typically American way.  I needed to have some faith and try the food the way he wanted to prepare it.  With a certain amount of humility, I walked over and told them to do it his way.  Perhaps I have just become jaded and "ye of little faith" when I hear the words authentically prepared".  In this case I was rewarded handsomely for taking the risk.  The crepes were buckwheat and cooked just as thin and light as a cloud, along with the eggs and rosemary ham and mushrooms.   This is french food at it's best!  My friends dish looked and was as wonderful.  With raspberry ice tea which was so tasty in itself, the meal would come to just over $20, less than many common things you can have other  places.  With French or Swiss wine, of course it would be more.  But then again, how many restaurants in Phoenix even serve any Swiss wine.  The coup DE gras was still to come and I didn't know it.  I, personally, am not much of a desert eater.  My diet is 162 pounds and I stay at that weight with a lot of discipline. I have never been much of a chocolate fancier.   My dining companion was determined that we should have chocolate fondue for two, ($16).  I have learned better than to disagree with a determined woman, so order it we did.  When they placed the fondue pot of rich brown Swiss liquid chocolate, surrounded by beautiful red strawberries, ice cream puffs, apples, and brownie pieces, my resolve dissolved in a heartbeat.  Simply just wonderful!  I consider myself fortunate that I can be the first individual to review La Chalet  on Yelp!  It gets the highest of ratings from me because it is what it is, excellently prepared French food at prices that don't give you indigestion when you think of paying the bill later.  So I don't forget, they also offer some very inviting meat dishes to be fried at your table, wrapped crepes, and creative salads as well. I believe I have found a restaurant that I will continue going to until I've have tried everything on the menu at some time.  After today's experience, I can't imagine it isn't going to be a real pleasure not to make repeat trips to la Chalet.   They may have to put an apple in my mouth and roll me out on my side when I have done so but it will have been worth it!
This place is getting me to let go somewhat of my perception that Bell Road in Glendale is gastronomically uninspiring. When I think of Bell Road, especially the Glendale stretch, I think of nothing but chain restaurants and steakhouses. I don't know if Le Chalet is an emerging chain, but it's already unique in that they specialize in crepes. Hard to find of great quality in greater Phoenix.

My friends and I went on a weeknight so it wasn't crowded. Decor wise, there is a lot of charm. The chefs wear beret-style hats. The dining area, and even the restrooms, have a cobblestone motif. Reminds me a little bit of an old toy store inside Fantasyland at Disneyland though less cheesy (pardon the pun). All the napkins are even bound in cute little cow theme napkin rings. The servers all sport the suspenders one would see on traditional Swiss outfits. 

The menu is a cheese-lover's dream. Instead of ordering off the appetizers section, we had a regular Swiss cheese fondue for an appetizer. Cheese was just the right degree of sharpness. They bring the little fondue and long forks to the table. You can adjust the heat. Wish I had warmed it up a little more after some time had passed. Every table gets a little sliced tartine (crispy cheese bread) to start as well. After all that cheese, we each had a crepe for an entree. The crepes were folded into perfect squares with crisp edges and the filling and sauce visible in the middle. Also comes with 1/4 cup of salad with a garlic-mustard vinegrette. I had a smoked salmon crepe with lemon and dill cream sauce. I really loved the crispy outside of it. I wish I had tried one of the more exotic crepes. Some you might not be able to finish in one meal because they are filled with ingredients like potatoes and bacon. 

We split a salted butter caramel crepe for dessert. Heavenly. It's one big, almost paper thin triangle on top of caramel with more caramel drizzled all over. The caramel was a luscious diversion for the palate. It had some almonds that were over-toasted but not a big issue. 

The staff was pleasant. Next time, I want to try La Potence--what they call "The Hanging Man." A chef wheels out a cart with pieces of filet mignon hanging on a cylinder with little hooks and flambes it tableside over rice pilaf. A chef was demonstrating it to someone as we were getting ready to leave. He was thoughtful in explaining to us as well what he was doing. 

Can't believe I actually want to go back to that part of Bell Road but it's worth the trip. A great place for groups with its reasonable prices. There were people with their kids. But none of the kids were running around wild. Not surprising if the parents are  willing to do something like  fondue for dinner out with the children. Despite the name fondue, no pretension in the ambience. At the same time, it feels a little classier than say an Applebee's.
Le Chalet has become a breath of fresh air for the Glendale/Arrowhead area, maybe even for the entire valley itself.  Such a different concept that seems to be working very well so far.   Beautifully decorated on the inside with no corners cut and great attention to detail.  Feels as if you are entering into a little French village as the doors close behind you.  

There are many different crepes to choose from.  I suggest asking the server what some of the best sellers are and go from there.  Service has been exceptional each time I have visited and they even wear appropriate attire with suppenders to keep with the authenticity.

While dining you'll see behind the bar two tv's that are fixated on the area where the crepes are made.  Kind of fun to see if they are making what you have ordered and exciting to see how they are prepared.  Never seen anything like this before.

Before you leave you must try either the chocolate or caramel fondue for dessert.  Quite a treat that is served with apples, strawberries, brownie chunks, and cream puffs.  It is so good that it may just make you yodel on your way out from this restaurant.
Ken loves fondue. Some of you may even remember his birthday party at the Melting Pot, a restaurant which turned out to be a huge disappointment, and is now, fortunately, closed. So when I read about Le Chalet, a crepe and fondue place in Glendale, I knew we'd be going. 

    I want to apologize in advance for the tone of this review, and even urge you to visit Le Chalet despite my reservations, particularly since we tried only one dish. I really don't know what it was about the place that made me so crabby. So, with that caveat, here goes.

     The place is cute, in a kitschy French/Swiss village-y kind of way. Dark wood and stuccoed white walls with lots of appropriate photos and posters. But I had the feeling that the whole thing, except the show kitchen, was done on a shoe-string budget. The silverware and plates were low end, but a cloth napkin was provided. The sink in the ladies room was supposed to look like it was carved out of a chunk of rock, but it was a laughable fake. I think perhaps the owners tried too hard.

     We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue ($17.50), one of the more expensive items on the menu. I had read that it was enough for two, and indeed it was. Before it came to the table we were given a complimentary tartine, basically a slice of toasted bread with some tasty cheese melted on top. This is served to every table, and it struck me as an odd choice since so many of the things on the menu involve bread and cheese. The fondue arrived in a timely manner, along with a bowl of bread cubes. Unhappily, the bread was refrigerator cold, which meant it had been cubed and stored beforehand. This took all the crispness out of the crust - it was really undistinguished bread. The fondue was delicious, redolent of wine and Kirsch. I don't know why, but the cheese was 
extremely chewy - at least that forced us to eat very, very slowly. My biggest complaint is that fondue by itself is a very one-dimensional meal. While you can purchase a side salad, it seemed to me that for the price it should be included with the fondue. My final grump is that our water glasses were never refilled.

     I'll repeat that this is a place you should experience for yourselves.  There's beef ($22.75) and chicken ($18.75) fondues, and a specialty dish called "La Potence" ($24) which is a 10 ounce beef tenderloin flambeed tableside by the chef. The savory crepes are much less expensive, averaging about $10. One has roquefort cheese, caramelized apples and walnuts. Another has sliced sauteed potatoes with onions and bacon topped with melted Raclette cheese. Some entree salads are served in a savory crepe shell ($11.50). Simple sweet crepes average about $3.75, and there are more complex ones like Crepe Ultimate Chocolate ($8.25) with chocolate brownie, chocolate ice cream, chocolate ganache and chocolate powder. We actually were so full from our rich cheese fondue that we passed on dessert.

     Maybe if I start with a dessert crepe next time I won't be so grumpy.
RACLETTE!!!!!  OHHHHHHHH sweet sweet raclette, how I love thee.

This place has raclette, and it serves it in the old-school way.  Big wheel o' cheese, stuck on some stakes and melting all over meats, potatoes, and cornichons.  AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I tried their savory crepes, I tried the dessert crepes, and I can't wait to come back for some chocolate fondue and more raclette.  And maybe some tartiflette.  

Holy crap am I happy I discovered this place.

***They also have the calories listed next to about a dozen entrees, pretty cool!
I would totally recommend this place but not on a meal-eating holiday such as mothers' day. Our reservation was for 1 p.m. and we were not seated until after 1:30. They were polite and apologetic - however, offering some sort of a complimentary snack to tide us over might have helped to take the edge off! (The rose for mom was appreciated.) 

When we were seated, we were in the bar area which featured a guitar-playing vocalist who played covers from the Eagles to the Beatles. He had a great voice! 

They have hoegaarden on tap and which we promptly ordered directly from the bartender while we waited for our server to acknowledge our arrival. 

Immediately upon being greeted we placed an order for an appetizer (roquerfort flammenkuche - more like a pizza than tart with sour cream, pears and blue cheese) and a tartin which was an open faced grilled brie and caramelized onion sandwich, to share as an appetizer. Both were good; although, I think canned pears were used on the flammenkuche. 

I would return for the tartin alone! 

So, Le Chalet is a fondue or crepe place. We went with crepe. Mine was creamed mushrooms, rosemary ham and swiss with a sunnyside up egg on it. Acceptable but not memorable. 

As if that wasn't enough food -- we are a family of eating champions -- we got chocolate fondue for dessert. The fondue was a disappointment. While the brownies were moist and cake-like and the cream puffs were a popular dipping option, the chocolate was not hot. At all. It was served in a carafe and it was melted (liquid) but it was not hot. 

While I might be convinced to give them four stars if I lived closer and was able to dine there for a non-freakishly-crowded meal, I'm gonna go with three because I would definitely go back if I was in the area but may not make the drive for cold fondue.
1st time here. Impressed with the food. Yummy and tasty. 

Crepe was very good. We had one with salmon. Ok I am a salmon slut do if it's good I will love it. This did not disappoint. Also had flammenkuchen. Wonderful. Ki
D of like a white pizza with better crust. 

Didn't try the fondue cause I am not a fan, but will come back with friends so hubby try. 

Give it a try was nice. Oh yeah they also had a singer which was very pleasant surprise. Nice atmosphere
If you like good quality cheeses and chocolates then you won't be disappointed with Le Chalet. We started off with the Swiss Raclette. This is a large wheel of Raclette cheese that is heated at your table by a chef. As told to us by the chef the City of Glendale would not allow individual cheese heaters at the tables so they have one big cart that they wheel to your table with the heat melting the large wheel of Raclette cheese. They scoop off the melted cheese and add cracked black pepper. You then are given steamed fingerling potatoes, pickles and onions to dip or mix in the cheese. He informed us they import the cheese from Switzerland. They also have a dish that gives you cold cuts in addition to the potatoes, onions and pickles. Next we had the "La Potence" another item made at your table. Filet Mignon flamed with alcohol.   The drippings from the meat land on wild rice at the bottom of the apparatus. The apparatus that the meat is on looks like some type of medieval torture device. La Potence is one of the house specialties and was very good. We ended up having the chocolate fondue for dessert. Excellent quality Swiss chocolate. You'll never have the Melting Pot chocolate after having this. Chocolate fondue comes with strawberries, brownie bites, apples and cream puffs.   Next time I will try some of the crepes.
Crepes to DIE for.  YUM YUM YUM!  We only stopped by for desert.  OMG!  The choclate ganache and carmel fondue was ooouber good.  No words to describe it.  It was so good and we had a fun time talking.   Love the atompshere too!  The rocks on the walls, the decor, the feel of the place.  Loved it.  

Need to try dinner here next time!
It was soooo good!  The meat dish was delicious and the desseert crepes were yummy!
I spotted Le Chalet on my way to a meeting in Glendale, and since we were in the neighborhood tonight we thought we would give it a try for dessert. This restaurant is a great find! Not only does it have  great decor, but a fabulous menu! Although we only tried dessert, okay two desserts, we planned our return visits before we even ordered! 

The best seat in the house is at the "crepe bar." It was fabulous! We got to watch everything being made, and learn a lot about the process of the meal preparation. Everything that passed by us looked amazing! 

Even the coffee was amazing, and not just because each of us got our own French Press. I really would like to thank Kyle, the Sous chef, and Emily, who was making the crepes, they made us feel like we were old friends. (that goes for the whole staff, but I have a horrible memory when it comes to names)

Looking forward to going back to try some of the savory items on the menu! Although, I don't think I will be able to pass up a dessert with their salted caramel sauce...
I feel so compelled to try to balance out that crappy 1 star review based on her liberal PETA preaching.. Hey Denice you gonna give Aj's 1 star? How about the dozen or so restaurants as well that serve up Duck Liver.. The food at Le Chalet is topps, unpretentious service, and the BEST DUCK LIVER on the Planet! They have their own cages in the back I think, where they beat the bird to order, so it can be a little more fresh! Denise you are the biggest hipocrite in the World, if you have ever eaten out, and eaten a chicken, an egg, or god forbid a hamburger..
A nice place to take a date or the wife for a little romance. Women just melt for fondue you know.  French and Swiss cuisine. They place has nice small appetizers and boatloads of crepes either for dinner or dessert.  My only knock is the price. You know that there really isn't anything to making a crepe or fondue but places like this jack up the price just because it is French. C'mon people, it is basically either just an egg or cheese.  I would also like to chime in on Denise's review. C'mon knocking a French place because they have foie gras is stupid. You might as well write a bad review about every French restaurant on the planet.
What great place for coffee and desserts. The caramel fondue was so delicious, and couldn't get enough of the chocolate ganache crepe.  The restaurant is set as you are in the Swiss Alp.  The bathroom continues with the theme.  The service was excellent.  I think that the owner must love moo moo's. I need to go back to try the dinner menu.
I went with a group of 10 and was impressed with the inviting interior and friendly staff as soon as I entered.  I have a favorite creperie in Canada and was excited to see if Le Chalet could be my home away from home.  I was disappointed that there was no french onion soup or salad starter on the menu, but with all the other cheese options I could see why.  I began with the smoked salmon appetizer which was served with side salad, buckwheat crepe and a dill sauce.  It was delicious!  The crepe had a sweet taste that complimented the tang of the dill and the salmon was smooth and delicate.   However, I must say, I waited a long time from the when I sat down until I actually ate something.  I was famished.  I felt for the others in the group that hadn't ordered a starter because I'm guessing they waited an hour and a half before they saw their meal.   My main course was the potato, onion, bacon, roclette cheese crepe.  It was disappointing as I like my bacon crispy and the crepe was overcooked to the point where it was chewy and I could barely cut it with a knife.   It was accompanied by the same side salad as the smoked salmon.   I sampled the 'La Potence' which is their featured dish and the beef was superb and the portion was huge.  The dessert crepes looked awesome and by the groans of pleasure I heard, were fantastic.   I recommend this restaurant and will try it again.
My Hubby & I have never had French cuisine before, so when I saw that Groupon was running a deal for Le Chalet I said why not!? 

We got there around 8pm on a Friday. There were only like 5 other parties, but I guess there was another side to the restaurant so maybe there were a few more over there. 

The tables & chairs were...interesting. We sat at a high top table & I found the chairs a little uncomfortable. I did love the sinks in the bathroom though! But the fact that they only have one restroom made a line for the ladies, ugh. 

We started off with the swiss cheese fondue. It was so creamy & delicious! But I wish it came with more than just bread, like veggies & apples you get at the Melting Pot. 

We decided to get some drinks as well. Hubs got his usual, bud light. I wanted to try one of their cocktails so I got the Casablanca. It was a raspberry & cherry combo that sounded tasty...but it was so disgusting! It had an aftertaste of rubbing alcohol. I couldn't even take more than a couple sips so my Hubby took one for the team & downed it for me. So not worth $10! 

For the main course, through the recommendation of my cousin Amy, we got the La Potence aka the hanging man. We both agreed it was pretty damn cool, the chef comes out & cooks the meat right in front of you. It's beef tenderloin (enough for 2) cooked over wild rice flambeed with whiskey. It also comes with a few dipping sauces & parsley butter for the rice. The meat was nice & tender & the rice had good flavor. I can't remember the names of the sauces but our favs were the 2 closest to the left, a peachy colored one & one with some kind of herb in it. Sorry, I have the worst memory sometimes!

For dessert I was tempted to get the chocolate or caramel fondue, but we were getting pretty stuffed, so I got a salted butter caramel with chocolate crepe instead. It was a little cold by the time it got out to me. I think I would have enjoyed it more & ate more if it was a little warmer. The caramel was pretty amazing but I don't know, I don't think I'm a crepe person, it was just an ok dessert for me. 

Overall, I'm glad we tried something different but I don't think we will be back. It was pretty good food but it was expensive! Even with my $20 Groupon our bill was still over $50, just not worth it to be honest.
What a nice change from the ordinary!  The atmosphere is casual/comfortable, yet almost genteel (that's a silly word I regrettably can't think of a better substitute for).  Our table ordered the raclette and la potence referenced so often in other reviews.  Tip - remove all the la potence filet pieces from the hot skewers right after it's served to keep it a perfect medium rare.  It'll get overcooked if you leave it.  The filet was so tender and very flavorful, though either the accompanying rice or the herb butter I put in it  tasted of burned garlic.  Ick.  The cheese toast that's served when you sit down is good, but personally I'd rather save room for the better things to come.  Like the apple crepes with salted caramel sauce.  I thought they were kidding when they said I'd want to lick the plate, but darn it if I didn't think seriously about it when that last bite was gone.  

We didn't have the kids in tow, but I do think they'd love this place.  It isn't fussy, the food is familiar enough and the presentation would be pretty entertaining for them.

Le Chalet is not only a really nice addition to the NW Valley, but worth the drive from anywhere in the Valley if you're looking for something different from our usual offerings that's also really, really good and won't break the bank.
My husband and I decided to check out this restaurant after reading yelp-er Terry T's review. I  enjoyed my meal, but, to be honest,  I  was left a little underwhelmed.  Soon I'll be the only one in Phoenix who feels this way because come August, Le Chalet has been selected as one of Phoenix top new restaurants by Phoenix Magazine. 

First things first: Can someone explain why Le Chalet's dinner crepes are made out of whole wheat (or something that looks dark and grainy) versus a traditional crepe?  Is this the traditional way crepes are served?

Now to the experience of eating at Le Chalet.   We visited on a Saturday night around 7pm. I t was busy but they were able to seat us immediately.  The service was slow, but the hostess was on top of things and took our drink order. I would say the best part of my night was the Swiss Kiss Martin (chocolate and strawberry creme and vodka). Of course, that spurred a conversation between the difference of a Swiss Kiss and a French Kiss..... but,  I digress....

For our main course I ordered  a grilled chicken salad which was served with 4 crepes around the plate (kind of like slices of bread). The grilled chicken salad was wonderful, but certainly nothing out of the ordinary.  My husband ordered a Ratatouille stuffed crepe with goat cheese. "Stuffed" may have been a misnomer. The filling was light ( as in not a lot) and only folded into the middle of the crepe, which left most of the crepe hanging out there on its own. There was a huge helping of grilled goat cheese on top, which Ross found overpowering.  I took half of it and put it in my salad.   His crepe was the wholegrain version which gave for an overpowering flavor. 

The dessert crepes looked FABULOUS! And maybe this is where Le Chalet really redeems themselves. Unfortunately, I'll need to look forward to another visit to try them out.

If you've been thinking about trying Le Chalet, do it quick, because I suspect it will be hard to get in once Phoenix Magazine releases it's Best Of edition.
Went there tonight for dinner and I am kinda on the fence. I have never had food like this so it was all new to me. we ordered the flammenkuchen and it was good but I am not a big cheese fan so that threw me off a bit but the rest of the table devoured it and raved about how amazing it was. we all ordered crepes I had the one with bacon potato and onions, the rest had a 4 cheese one, the ratatouille and the one with scallops. the rest of the table ate every bite of their crepes but I had just a quarter of mine. I think its just not for me but I am sure it is quite good by the reviews here and my other table mates. we finished with the chocolate fondue it was OK it came with apples strawberries brownie bites and cream puffs good but not earth shattering. I am sure my friends will run back but I think I will stay behind next time.
Awesome place! Can't wait to go back.  Service was wonderful, food was soooo good.
I have been meaning to try Le Chalet since reading great reviews, close to home and I really like crepes. More past food memories to re-live.
So, when I got my Groupon email I quickly snapped one up to give 'er a try. My Groupon was stuck to the front of the fridge for a few weeks and my hubby surprisingly mentioned that it sounded like a great place to try on this one Saturday afternoon. 
We arrived and it was quiet since it was 2:30 PM on Saturday (not surprised due to our late lunch time). It was larger than I expected inside. It had a serene, comfortable atmosphere. It was kinda romantic as well because of the lighting. The music was tres Franais and got us in the mood for crepes and hand holding.
I decided on the Meditrranee and my hubby decided on the Bretone.  We were pleasantly surprised by an amuse bouche of a cheese tartine. The neighboring table was just getting their meal which I  deduced to be the Chicken Fondue. It smelled wonderful. 
Our crepes arrived and the scent of our neighbor's fondue, my leeks with saffron and my husband's rosemary ham was intoxicating. The crepes were fashioned in a square shape with the center opened to show some of the filling (nice contrast to the deep brown, I believe, buckwheat crepe) and accompanied by a lovely small mixed green salad. I was sure I would finish off the crepe easily and get onto a dessert crepe. They were both delectable. However, the sauce on my crepe and the egg on my hubby's Bretone made both crepes very rich (not a bad thing) and I actually did not finish mine so I could get to dessert. 
I went on to order the Salted Butter Caramel (a family recipe, how could I resist) with chocolate dessert crepe and my hubby ordered a Leffe beer. I gave him a a bite of my crepe and I finished off the rest of the crepe and scraped up as much of the caramel with my fork as possible. OMG, soooo yummy!
Look forward to going back soon to try more dishes. Fondue perhaps. La Potence perhaps. Sweet potato frites (the next table over had these and they looked awesome) perhaps. Dessert, for sure!
Had been trying to try this place since it was highly reviewed in the Az. Republic several months ago.  I thought it would be best to go in the fall/winter when it would be cooler and more in keeping with fondue and raclette.  Finally did it today which was certainly not cool.  Boy! Am I glad we did.  Went there with my wife and myself as well as my son and his girlfriend.  We found the food choices to be quite extensive.  We ordered French Fondue and Swiss Raclette.  
The fondue came first and the four of us enjoyed it very much.  Whether by accident or not, just as we had finished the fondue, the raclette came out.  This was much better than getting both dishes served at the same time.  Don't know if that's the way the restaurant planned it but if not, they should give some thought to doing it that way so the fondue can be enjoyed and then the raclette instead of serving both at the same time and the two dishes( and tastes) competeing with each other.  Both dishes were superb.
Afterward we had crepes.....o ne was chocolate and banana.  The other was ultimate chocolate.  Both crepes were enough for two and were thoroughly enjoyable.
Would thoroughly recommend Le Chalet at any time of year.  Only regret is that I waited so long.
When Le Chalet first opened, I did have something akin to high hopes for the place.  It had a nice, somewhat eclectic, look.  The concept was novel, especially for what I'd seen of Glendale.  I thought it might be a hit.

Well, after a handful of visits there, I can say that my hopes are thoroughly dashed.  The worst part is that it's not even the food that's the major flaw.  Crepes are hard to make.  The fact that they are competent at it here (while also being on camera), points to a skilled kitchen staff.

The problem is that the front of the house staff is so wildly incompetent that the thought of going here makes me cringe.  The majority of the servers have been sullen and wholly uninterested in dealing with customers.  The lone light in this grumpy morass was a charming server who was on her very first day there.  I hope they don't abuse the friendliness out of her.

The coupe-de-grace for me was the last visit there when it took them at least ten minutes to run my bill.  Without a word of apology or recompense for the annoyance at having to wait long after the rest of my group had left.  It seemed like the manager who was trying to resolve this was wholly untrained in not only how to use the register system, but customer service as well.

Nope, won't be returning here any time soon.
I would eat here everyday if I could!  This is the best place I have eaten in Phoenix and I have lived here 5 years and eaten EVERYWHERE.
It is so hard to find a unique and fun restaurant on the west side of town. After getting a few recommendations from foodie friends, I suggested to my husband that we give Le Chalet a try. 

The reason why I can not give this restaurant 5 stars was because of the lackluster server we initially had. I feel the experience could have been a 5 star situation if we were assisted more in our menu selection and education. As a former server, I am very critical of service in a restaurant and if the first thing a customer says is "We've never been here, we need you to help us through this," I expect to be their guide. Unfortunately, our gal didn't bat an eye as we mispronounced items, didn't explain anything we asked for understanding on or even make suggestions when we stated what we liked. For example, we wanted to know what the difference was between the appetizer "pizza" Flammenkuchin with bacon, cheese and potatoes and the crepe with meat, cheese and potato. They both sounded to be about the same thing. Our server just said "The crepe is buckwheat. Its different." Well, when my husband got his crepe, it was basically the same thing taste-wise. It was cheese and potatoes and ham (I think). We initially wanted to try the fondue, but weren't sure on the portion sizes of everything and asked as we ordered if we should try that too. She said that we had a lot already and we didn't need the fondue. But after seeing the customers near us having this elaborate set up where a half wheel of cheese was brought out and melted under a fire and scraped off onto the customer's plates, we were sad we didn't know this was the "fondue." We thought it was like Melting Pot where you just dip sticks of bread in a vat of melted cheese. 

After getting our cheese and potato "pizza" (flat, crackery bread) our server announced she was leaving and a much more charismatic male server took over our table. He was much more energetic about waiting on us and my husband looked at me and said he was feeling really discouraged until the new guy came along. 
A male manager (I think) noticed us oohing and ahhing at the table near us getting the melted cheese and came over to explain what was happening. 
I was in the mood for red meat, so I ordered the La Potence and LOVED it. The owner/chef came out to prepare it for us. He poured a liquor concoction over the pieces of filet which were searing on prongs connected to this metal tube that he said was insanely hot. The drippings went into this fantastic rice mixture. I also had a variety of dipping sauces to put the meat in and the tarter sauce was my favorite. The fact that the whole time the chef explained what he was doing he did it with a French accent made it just that much more enjoyable. ;)
My husband had a hard time enjoying his buckwheat crepe since it tasted pretty much like the appetizer we had earlier. Still not sure why the crepes are buckwheat, either?
Husband ordered a Hoegarden beer in "das boot." and loved it. 
We were too stuffed for dessert. But, now that we know about the other options, such as the melted cheese wheel, the fun bar area and happy hours, we'll try it out again and bring friends.
I am still in love their buckwheat crepes but after celebrating my birthday here with a few friends my love for the restaurant has declined.  I was very surprised and a little PO'd that they did not offer me a dessert for my birthday!  Practically every restaurant in the valley offers a birthday treat no matter how small it is. The service at Le Chalet has been on a steady decline in the past few months and I hope they can turn it around.  

My advice: Celebrate your birthday at Pappadeux instead they have AWESOME birthday desserts!
This was my first encounter with a  Crepe.  This is truly something I could eat everyday, even on Calorie Counting!!  Start with Savory and end with the Sweet!    We sat on the side with the bar, and there was  TV on showing them making the crepes in the kitchen.  It is my understanding that Crepe's must be made with buckwheat, and they didnt skip that detail here.  YUMMY, I seriously want to eat here every day.
Wowser's! Finally a fantastic place to eat in Glendale at La Chalet! We had an amazing dinning experience here Sunday.  After reading some of the Yelp reviews, I bookmarked this place as a "must try" and I'm so glad I did!

We walked in and immediately noticed how cute and quaint this restaurant was decorated.   There are two sections on the restaurant, a dining room area for families and the other a "bar and lounge" area that has a warm ambiance.  Since this trip was a family adventure we were seated right next to the Ice Cave, where my son could watch the TV's in the bar area, making the crepes, which was very was very cool.  They have very entertaining "French" signs and posters on the walls.  They also offer entertainment some nights and have special entertainers scheduled for reservations.
 
Appetizer: Traditional Flammenkuchen ~ "Oven roasted tart with sour cream, swiss cheese, bacon and onion".  It looked like a pizza at first, but don't be fooled! The flavor and texture get you quickly. The crispy "tart" and unique flavor of the dough itself is enough to party with the sour cream love affair your mouth is having.  
Meal: Berg ere crepe (ratatouille with goat cheese melted on top), Roquefort crepe (melted blue cheese topped with caramelized apples and crumbled walnuts), and a Roasted Chicken Salad (roasted chicken on a bed of mixed greens, cheeses and a delightful vinaigrette dressing).  They have a decent wine list, great selection of Swiss imported ails to try and a full bar. 
Desert:  Chocolate Fondue ~ it was fun and entertaining with the kiddo!  It wasn't too hot and they provide a lot of strawberries, apples, pastry puffs and chocolate brownie wedges for you to dip into the chocolaty goodness!  

Service:  Was FANTASTIC!  Our server was able to give us just enough suggestions based on our like/dislikes.  We had the Groupon deal so it made our meal was very inexpensive.  Everything was fresh and fantastic and most of their crepes are gluten free.  We can't wait to go back and try something different.
Great place to visit, it was my 1st time and had no idea of what this food consisted of. We ignorantly asked our waiter (who was great) what to order and how to eat it; he explained it perfectly and expected out rookieness.

Great pace to visit and great enviroment
I dined here recently avec mon ami BouBou.

The service was terrific, the ambiance extraordinaire and the personal flambed vittles prepared by notre ami Anthony Ferri was memorable with many good laughs.

Merci mon poulet, merci beaucoup.  A bientt j'espere!!
I love crepes !!! There aren't many places here in Phoenix that you can get a decent treat like at this place, Le Chalet.  I have been here a few times, the food is, overall, delicious. The ambience can use a little improvement. Perhaps, it needs a little fresh touch of modern comtemporary decors to "mix" it up a little. 
Let's talk food...I am more of the desert-type of crepes, so I enjoyed the Nutella Crepe (Yummiest!). The Lemon sugar crepe is also be craved for. I am yet to try the fondu...but it's the top on my list to try, next visit. I had tried other main-dish crepes (for dinner and lunch), in which they are all good with a nice twist. I recomended Salmon (I know!) crepe - don't let the "salmon" fools you. It's worth trying...and for some people, it's rather addicting. 
This place deserves a bit more publicity to get more business. As for me, Le Chalet deserves two thumbs up !!!
We went to Le Chalet for dinner for my wife's birthday.  We got a standard cheese fondue and a steak fondue for dinner.  The cheese fondue was amazing!!  The beef fondue was good, but probably not something we'd get again.  The wine selection was excellent.  For dessert we had a couple of crepes, the lemon sugar and the salted caramel.  Both were good, but the salted caramel was great!  We would definitely go back!
Looking for a new place to eat, we stumbled across Le Chalet this afternoon.  My boyfriend has read about it and made a mental note to try it.  We got there about 4 o'clock and were the only table.  The staff was so nice that I hoped a good review would help their business a little- as it turned out, they have many positive reviews!  We started with the Traditional Flammenkuchen- a recommendation from our server.  omg. I could eat this once a day for the rest of my life and die happy. They describe it as an oven-roasted tart with sour cream, bacon, seared onion, and Swiss cheese. Don't miss it. Tried a little wine and decided to go with the Matterhorn salad in a crepe shell (I'm going to try and attach a picture).  The tomato was cut like the shape of a rose, very cool. Best thing- 202 calories!  Being that I'm CONSTANTLY attempting to diet, their low-calorie menu was great.  Only complaint is that the prosciutto was cut into such large pieces, that it made it slightly difficult to eat in a salad.  I don't know about you, but cutting prosciutto in a salad bowl is not the easiest task.  All in all, we really enjoyed it and can't wait to go back.  We left the to-go container on the table and they even ran it out to us.  Very nice.
Ok, if you judge a Vietnamese restaurant based on the number of people from that culture who patronize the establishment, why not apply the same principle to other places?

Strangely enough, you CAN judge Le Chalet by the same standards. No joke, last night there were people sitting at the bar conversing in French, and an entire large family came in chatting happily away, again in French. I definitely take those things as a good sign. In fact, the chef himself was French. Clearly, something good is going on there.

Can I just say, yum? I've never been to a French restaurant, so this was a completely new experience for me. Their menu offers an assortment of crepes, wraps, salads, and fondue. 

I ordered the Mont St. Michel wrap, which was smoked salmon, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and this great dill spread. It came with a small salad dressed in a lovely honey mustard vinaigrette. It was fantastic! Fresh and complex tasting. I enjoyed every bite. I also ordered the ratatouille and shared with my friend. It was delicious as well.

For dessert, I ordered the salted caramel crepe. AH-MAY-ZING! It had toasted almonds and fresh whipped cream. If it was socially acceptable, I would have licked the plate clean. So good!

Our waiter was Scotty, blissfully unpretentious, refusing to affect a French pronunciation of anything, and overall affable. He did a great job. 

A great experience! I know where my birthday dinner's going to be...
Yummy.  I got a crepe with mushroom and swiss cheese, soooo good.  Shared an order of sweet potato fries, only thing missing was a delicious sauce to dip them in.  I like that they have the screen up where you can watch the crepes being made for you.  They have a small stage for evening performances.  They were having a comedian that night according to the host.  Good service along with good food, can't ask for much more than that.  I will be going back to try the fondue and different crepes.
Worst experience ever! If I could give this place no stars .... I would! Me and the hubby decided to try something new for our 10 year anniversary and we chose Le Chalet. We made reservations and asked if they did anything special for anniversaries. They said no but they do like to recognize them so the gentleman that took our res said he would note it. Well when we arrived they sat us in the middle of the bar. It was the least romantic location they could of sat us in! But hey...I wasn't going to complain. We ordered an app that was recommended by the waitress. It came out quickly but the bacon on it was practically raw....but hey...I wasn't going to complain. 1 hour after being sat we still did not have our entrees. Never complained because the waitress came to our table twice to say it's coming right out. After the first time she said it...a table of 4 that arrived just a few minutes after us got their food. Then she came back again and said it's coming out now...and it did but it stopped short at the table of two that had arrived 25 minutes prior. That was it...we stood up to go and the chef and waitress came over and said our ticket had been lost...and that sort of thing happens etc. Then another gentlemen who was seating people but not us tried to correct me by saying we had only been waiting 55 minutes not a full hour. I was floored. Look we were one of 4 tables total in the place. This kind of thing happens I'm sure but not to a place that is failing so bad that they have a whopping 4tables. If you don't mind bad service then at least heed my warning on a place that no joke serves you raw pork. If that still doesn't bother you then at the very 
least don't go for a special occasion. They are the worst....all around!

Update: This is what the owner sent to me after reading my review. Apparently he thinks I created a fake account under the name Robert which is hilarious at this point. This is no way to win back a customer. If he read my review he would see that his eyes in the sky match up with everything I said...except he is taking the side of his horrible front of house staff instead of listening to a customer who's story is not new. Look at past reviews and you will find the same problem over and over. Check it out...this is how not to treat a customer!

Hi Jennifer, Robert and Shawn Anderson,
I am one of the owner of "le Chalet". I read all tree bad reviews on yelp. I always try to get to the bottom of things. We are sorry that your ticket for your entre got misplace. We tried to make it up to you then. I even ask the manager to call you and invite you back to make it up to you.  However I had the possiblilty the see your event on my Video camera. Yes I have eyes in the sky. That help me to know the truth when I am not there. I don't want to react before I know all the facts.  Your stayed was between 6:05 PM to 6:55 PM during this hour You have your drinks and a split Flammenkchen which you took 10 minutes to eat it all. Unfortunalty your order was lost and it took us 20 minutes to realize it. Again we are sorry it happened. But you desided to blow everything out of proportion then and on your review. Even twisting the truth little. Why created extra profile to bring us down? Never on the tape you complained about your sitting or on he food that ate. So it is very hard for any staff to be able to read your mind. Believe me if it is something wrong with my food I will call the waiter and I won't eat it until is fix. You did look at the wine list after you finished the presume raw bacon flammenkchen. But never place an order. I could see the waitress talked to you after you looked at it when she was refiling your ice tea. When we realised the mistake my partener the chef tried to talk to you we were ready to fixed it. But you decided to make a scene and left with out paying your check for what you ate and then trash us on yelp. We are a private own restaurant we don't have the luscury of big corporation. It is stuff enough out there for new business to have someone to trash us. We knows me and my partener are born in America. However we do employed 27 born american people which are glad to have a job and really try to do there best of what they know. Unfortunatly human error could happen and if you cannot deal with human error. I really don't know, how you could live in that imperfect world. I am ready to invite you again to our establishment to fix our mistake to make you feel better. However I need you to calm down and review the fact. And try to be fare this time. 
Thank you
Alain P. Keller
What a great family owned, non-corporate restaurant.  We have visited this establishment many times and the food is always fresh, delicious and unique.  Sarah provides the greatest service, we appreciate it very much.  It is a wonderful experience - and to top off a great meal with yummy wine - a fantastic dessert!!  Try something different, you won't regret it!
Fabulous dinner experience!!  The staff was very attentive without being annoying.  Both the general manager and the head chef came to the table.  I'm a sucker for crepes and these were fabulous! One member of our party had the hanging meat at was flamb at the table.  Hard to find, in the parking lot of a defunct big box store, and very worth the search.
We had a great lunch and it was quick as well. We each had one of the lunch specials and we will definitely be back.
Maybe I'm missing something.  My mom, who is visiting, and I went here for lunch today after she had found a few creperies online.  We have had plenty of crepes from different types of places and these were not what we wanted at all!  

I ordered the Matterhorn which was more like a taco salad since it was in a crispy bowl-shaped crepe.  This is what I chose because it has proscuitto.  But I was so grossed out by it after a few bites.  It came with the proscuitto laid out in slices on top of the salad.  Even the steak-type knife they gave me would not cut through it.  My mom was half finished with her lunch by the time I got so frustrated that I had to pull it apart with my fingers.  I love proscuitto on sandwiches but I was incredibly skeeved out by how slimy it was and I ended up almost gagging a few times.  It tasted just fine, but the sliminess of the meat and the fact that I couldn't chew through the fat after already swallowing the lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese grossed me out to the core!  

My mom ordered one of the crepes with mushrooms, swiss cheese, and ham.  She is a huge fan of crepes and she thought hers was a bit flavorless.  We were also not impressed with the not-so-fluffy crepes that were made out of buckwheat!  Ick!  

I walked in with high hopes because the actual interior looked like a chalet and I felt like I was on a bit of a trip to France.  There were even TVs that apparently show the kitchen so you can watch the chef...but they weren't even turned on until right before we left.  :(

They do serve fondue as well and I might go back to try it and give this place another try...but I am NOT getting any variety of crepe again.  We forgoed the desserts because we were not happy with our meal and wanted to get desserts from elsewhere.  So, I'll have to maybe try one of their desserts on my possibly return trip.
Hummm? I'm torn on this place. It is cute decor with okay service. I took 5 people here for lunch and they loved it. I felt it was okay, but my crepe was over cooked. I don't know if the crepe was cooked fresh, but I doubt it. I will try it again, but I'm not optimistic about the outcome.
My wife and I were looking for just a simple cafe to stop by and have a quick sandwich or something at last night when we came upon this gem. We recently bought a house in Glendale, and good restaurants are in high need! When we walked in we could tell this was not a "cafe"-but it so so unique we decided to stay and eat anyway! Our server was super sweet and explained everything on the menu for us (my wife is a vegetarian). We ordered the 4 cheese crepe, a cheese fondue, and the chocolate fondue dessert and all three were absolutely divine. What I really appreciated from our server was that when we asked about serving size she told us how much we could realistically eat rather than just letting us order blindly. That is good service! The food was wonderful, but if you go to this place for nothing more than the decor you should be happy! This place made me glad I live in Glendale!
The absolutely most delicious restaurant I've been to in a while. It serves some blend of Swiss & French cuisine, and has cheese on pretty much EVERYTHING! I suppose it would have limited options for the lactose intolerant... but for everyone else it's a must!

The service was great, though a tiny bit on the slow side. Our waiter was beyond helpful and friendly. The atmosphere was very European and welcoming. We had a cheese fondue, savory crepe, and chocolate fondue. If I had more room in my stomach I would have kept going! Our waiter boxed up everything we couldn't finish--including the chocolate fondue. She even added a few extras to our takeout box!

There is a full bar in a separate area that apparently has live music on some nights. Can't wait to go back and check it out!
Update: The owner continues to email me thinking I am creating bad reviews. They just received another and I received another email from this loon ball! Here is what he said. 

Why did you come back.

"You didn't like us the first time. Which I still have your experience on tape. So why did you came back???.
You are telling me you have the exact same experience of the last time. If it is true we are sorry that it had happenned again."

My question is...if you tape all your guests then you will know I have not been back! So annoying! This also leads me to believe that if he thinks I am doing this then he is more than likely creating all of these great reviews. Do not go here people. Spend your hard earned money at a local place that works hard at creating a beautiful meal and appreciates your time and money. 

Orig review:

Worst experience ever! If I could give this place no stars .... I would! Me and the hubby decided to try something new for our 10 year anniversary and we chose Le Chalet. We made reservations and asked if they did anything special for anniversaries. They said no but they do like to recognize them so the gentleman that took our res said he would note it. Well when we arrived they sat us in the middle of the bar. It was the least romantic location they could of sat us in! But hey...I wasn't going to complain. We ordered an app that was recommended by the waitress. It came out quickly but the bacon on it was practically raw....but hey...I wasn't going to complain. 1 hour after being sat we still did not have our entrees. Never complained because the waitress came to our table twice to say it's coming right out. After the first time she said it...a table of 4 that arrived just a few minutes after us got their food. Then she came back again and said it's coming out now...and it did but it stopped short at the table of two that had arrived 25 minutes prior. That was it...we stood up to go and the chef and waitress came over and said our ticket had been lost...and that sort of thing happens etc. Then another gentlemen who was seating people but not us tried to correct me by saying we had only been waiting 55 minutes not a full hour. I was floored. Look we were one of 4 tables total in the place. This kind of thing happens I'm sure but not to a place that is failing so bad that they have a whopping 4tables. If you don't mind bad service then at least heed my warning on a place that no joke serves you raw pork. If that still doesn't bother you then at the very least don't go for a special occasion. They are the worst....all around!
Great service, awesome food. Went here last night with a Groupon and two friends. We sat at the bar and had Rob (I hope I got your name right!) the bartender serving us all night. He was really accomidating and friendly.
We got the Swiss cheese fondue (gruyre cheese mixed with white wine and German brandy), Pt de campagne (2 slices of pork pt with 2 slices of toasted baguette) , La Potence (a heated mace of filet mignon, flambed in front of you with bourbon and pineapple over wild rice) and one each of the chocolate ganache, salted caramel, and lemon sugar crpes. Quite an exciting meal for this chicken and potatoes girl! 
The fonue was excellent and we got it with both Golden Delicious apple slices and toast points. The pt was interesting - I'd never had any before - and it's not something I'd order by itself, but skewer that with some toast and dip it in the fondue, and you have yourself a delicious mini-sandwich. 
La Potence is a house special developed by the French chef/co-owner and we actually got to watch the man himself flamb it tableside and fresh. He went through all the ingredients, steps and some tips on eating it as he cooked. Really cool! And so tasty. It was a little more red than I usually eat my steak but I classed it up and ate it anyway. We also ordered a plate each of the different sauces that are made for it. There was a ketchup-mayo frite sauce, a dijon mustard mix, a steak tartar, and a mustard dill sauce. Also came with a slice of rosemary butter that was awesome with the bourbon/steak/pineapple-infused wild rice. It wasn't totally satisfying - I wanted more! - and a little pricey, but for the experience alone, it was well worth it. 
My favourite crpe was also the cheapest and most simple - the sugar and lemon. You can watch them cook the crpes on the two television screens over the bar which was interesting. You think, "Crpe? It's just a super thin pancake!" but watching them make them, you can see it's not so simple.

Overall, really nice experience. With the $22-off Groupon, the bill was still over $50, but if you share among friends and split the cost, it's totally affordable.

It is my personal opinion that those below giving horrible reviews of horrible experiences are just too demanding or uncultured. "Raw bacon"? It's called prosciutto. Maybe learn a bit about the world before feeling it necessary to share your opinions with it.
Awesome ambiance, friendly staff, delicious food. 

My friend landed a groupon for Le Chalet so we went to check it out.

Ordered the Pate de Campagne and the Traditional Flammenkuchen as appetizers. We were immediately impressed! The pate was perfection, very creamy and not too fatty, accompanied by crisp bread. The flammenkuchen was like a pizza without red sauce, covered in cheese with some hidden onions and bacon. SO GOOD.

We followed this up with the Swiss Cheese Fondue. This came with french bread squares (you can have toased, we did) and apples. The fondue was by far the best I have had in a restaurant, the perfect combination of it's ingredients. We invested all of our energy into consuming every last drip of the fondue. 

I would like to say that we spent some time eating some other entrees, but as soon as we saw someone else getting dessert... we couldn't help ourselves.

We ordered the Nutella Crepe, Lemon and Sugar Crepe, and Carmel Fondue. This was no easy decision, as you will understand when you see their dessert menu. Luckily for us, I don't think that it much mattered what we would have ordered, as I felt that it was a sure bet that everything would hav been equally as delicious. We watched them make our crepes on closed-circuit tv. Then, we faught over every last bite of each desert, and I would have gladly bathed in the Carmel Fondue. 

I ordered a decaf coffee during dessert and it came in a single serving french press, also. How cool is that?!

Le Chalet will soon be seeing us on a regular basis. Guaranteed. There are about 10-13 more deserts that I will need to conquer and the list of Meat Specialties will certainly require some of my attention as well (the presentation of the La Potence was very intriguing)!
This has been my 2nd visit to Le Chalet. I recently puchased a Groupon for this restaurant and my husband and I went for dinner to give this restaurant another try. Our first visit was enjoyable and we had tried the fondue and the meat special. At this 2nd visit we ordered crepes which we very much enjoyed. The quality of food is good and the service is friendly. Nice place for a casual dinner or lunch.
"OMG" Le Chalet was fabioso... Entertainment, Great clean comedy for a Sunday evening. Food, sooooo delicious. Service was great!  Price, we split between a party of 6. Bottle of wine , 3 desserts, 6 meals and our ice teas. 27.50 a piece. Not bad definitely awarded Analynn's :) Great girls night out! Thanks ladies and to Le Chalet!. If you decide to give it a try you have to try a Crepe. One more thing; you get to watch the chef on a big screen TV prepare your meal. I have down loaded a few pictures hopefully they go through.
Mostly rave reviews on Yelp led me to Le Chalet, a unique little indie restaurant amid the strip malls and Super Targets of the West Valley.

Despite the fifty-some-odd write-ups, I wasn't sure what to expect. I read something about an ice cave, live comedy, hanging man meat, and surveillance cameras, but despite these oddities what drew me in was the promise of expertly crafted crepes and the opportunity to see the chefs do their stuff on a closed circuit TV.

Le Chalet did not disappoint. Sit in the front dining area to view the chefs at work in the open kitchen, or take a seat in the dining area by the bar where two flat screens showcase the action at the crepe griddles. The Bretonne crepe with ham, mushrooms, Swiss cheese, and a sunny-side up egg was superb, and I can't wait to go back and try the La Landaise, blinis topped with seared fois gras, apple, and balsamic glaze.

I also tried La Potence (the "hanging man"), filet medallions served on a medieval looking mace, seared tableside with bourbon and served with a pineapple slice, rice, and some mayo-based dipping sauces. Thoroughly enjoyable, but next time I would opt instead for a cheese fondue or the melted Raclette plate with cured meats, which looked delicious.

The ambiance seemed a bit strange to me, but homey and comfortable. And yes, there is a sculpted ice cave for performances, The night I attended was slated for "clean comedy" and I made it a point to get out of there despite some morbid curiosity (I'm not an amateur comedy fan, and the idea of family-friendly comedy made me even more anxious).

The handsome server was very attentive and knowledgeable, and I loved the half-carafe option when ordering wine. I wouldn't classify Le Chalet as a "fondue place", where the experience often outshines the food; it's more of a casual cozy spot that serves up thoughtfully prepared comfort cuisine - all the ingredients for a lovely dinner out.
Thanks to Groupon, some friends and I decided to pay a visit to La Chalet. Here we encountered a cozy little ski chalet which instantly whisked us away on a vacation in the Alps. The Swiss Cheese Fondue served with toasted bread and apples and the Nutella Crepes were my personal favorites. I will definitely be returning  for another French/Swiss adventure, not to mention the chocolate fondue.
Okay i am really really close to giving this place 5 stars. 

The staff was very friendly when we walked in. We were met with a smile and promptly seated where we can watch them make our crepes (via tv). The whole decor of the place was like being in the alps. I loved the whole look and feel of the place. Nothing was out of the ordinary at all, they definitely knew what they wanted when building/designing it. 

I did not go here for the dessert or the fondue (but we want to come back and try just that, and if thats good then it will def move up to 5 stars). We both had savory crepes, which btw were delicious. It is a little pricey but the portion sizes are large here so nothing too much to worry about. 

I got the Fermiere (sp?) savory crepe, it was chicken, sauteed onions, swiss cheese, and cream of mushroom. Wow this was really great, first off read the ingredients of course its going to be delicious. The cheese is "freshly" imported from switzerland (i think thats where the server said).  The cheese was full and flavorful. I loved the crepe very much, great complimenting flavors. The other dish we got was the Mont St. Michel, which is salmon, lemon, dill sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. This was a cold served crepe and was equally as delicious as my fermiere. What i really liked about this place was the proteins in the plate. You can simply taste the quality and freshness of each. The salmon was perfectly smoked, not over powering and still moist and not discolored. The chicken was obviously grilled chicken breast, you could taste the char from the grill on the chicken which i think is AWESOME!

To wrap it up i left content with what i had to eat...

the neighboring table had a meat dish which was cooked with burning burboun (i think it was burboun). i forget the name but the waitress said it was their "signature dish" so it must be good...smelled amazing..also on my list of things to try as i WILL be back here to try again.
Fondue always seems like a great idea.  I like cheese, I like cheese melted.  Melted cheese tastes good etc.
For a change we decided not to go to Melting Pot.  (Thereby already saving close to 50% off of our dinner bill).  Le Chalet had been written up before and had gotten good reviews so we packed a snack and headed out to the West Side.  For a starter we ordered classic swiss fondue, for one person.  Trust me, a one person order for four people is more than enough.  Everyone next ordered crepes for dinner.  The crepes were good.  Light and thin with a golden brown (buckwheat? flour).  The fillings were good and of course filled with cheese.  The crepes come with a little side salad dressed with a mustard vinagrette.  By the time I was done with the fondue and crepe I was ready to chow down on a ginormous salad if I could to feel less guilty.  Dessert consisted of two (we were feeling especially greedy that night) dessert fondues.  A classic chocolate ganache and a salted caramel.  If you get dessert, stick with the chocolate.  Both fondues came with cream puffs, strawberries, apples and brownie bites.  The salated caramel had no hint of salt and instead tasted more of a butter toffee.  It was good but much too sweet, it also had a slightly separated look where the butter was starting to separate out.  Overall, a good experience but I'm actually cheesed out for a while.  (A phrase I never thought I'd actually say).
I felt as though I walked off of 59th Ave. and Bell Rd. and into the Matterhorn ride at Disneyland as I came through the doors of Le Chalet. I think the decor is a little kitschy, but the food more than made up for the faux French/Swiss castle look. 

My boyfriend's mom and I split the Swiss Cheese Fondue with apple slices and baguette as an appetizer. It is advertised as a main dish, but it was perfect for a starter as well. Be careful with the adjustable flame on the fondue pot: we ended us burning some of the cheese to the bottom of the pan because we wanted the cheese to be more melty.

We split the La Potence for the main dish. We opted out of the extra 8 oz tenderloin, and I am happy we did because the Swiss Cheese Fondue was very filling. The homemade sauces that come with the dish are so savory. The meat is perfectly tender and flambeed at the table. The chef seriously uses like four and a half shots of whiskey in the process! 

We also split a side of sweet potato fries, which my boyfriend's mom thinks were perfect. I agree completely! Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, these non greasy fries were so good! 

Some fun facts about the restaurant: 

1. They have television screens that show the chef making crepes in the kitchen.

2. The owner is Swiss and the chef is a beautiful French man complete with accent.

3. They have comedy shows and concerts in a little ice grotto stage thing in one side of the restaurant. Our waitress informed us that the shows have a $10 minimum per table plus a $10 cover charge to get in.
6:30pm Monday night, empty empty empty. But that didn't stop me from getting the most delicious crepes in town! The hosts/owner? was very friendly, had us sit anywhere we wanted. Our waitress was super hot and nice! Later there was a couple more people that came in but I think that was it for the night since they close at 9 and it was about 8:30pm when we left. Anyways..

So we ordered the Traditional Flammenkuchen for the appetizer....mMmM crispy tart crust with bacon, onions and melted swiss cheese. Tasty!

I ordered the Nordique Crepe - - crepe filled with smoked salmon, melted swiss cheese and drizzled with lemon dill sauce. YUMMERS! and it came with a side green salad. =) although i have to say it was a bit on the salty side...it was great but  I think the smoked salmon was a bit salty. My bf ordered the Savoyarde Crepe - - filled with bacon, onions, sliced sauteed potatoes and melted Raclette cheese. YUMMERS! this one is not as salty even though it's loaded with bacon. We also had a side order of Sweet Potatoes Fries, crispy and perfectly seasoned. =) 

Unfortunately I was so stuff with the heavenly goodness of the Savory Crepes that I really didn't have room for dessert so my bf promised we would go back for the Sweet Crepes ^_^. I can't wait to come back!
This is a must try! The atmosphere was great and the food was even better! The Chef was personable and chatted with us about the food and his background. Every thing we ordered was delicious! I can't wait to try again!
My best friend and I have finally found a place that is both amazing and moderately priced. It definitely reminds us of when we went to France in 2005. This place is quaint and quiet in the early afternoon and I don't mind that at all. Don't let the emptiness confuse you because it gets hoppin' later. We both ordered the jambon buerre and trust me when I say they didn't skip on the buerre. The gruyere cheese was divinely paired with rosemary ham and toasted on top of a french baguette. I was so impressed with this simple dish! The presentation was impressive to boot! Picking a dessert was the hard part. I decided to share one of their HUGE nutella crepes with my friend and lets just say I didn't mind loosening my belt buckle. Nutella never lets me down! I will be returning for more desserts and their house special "Le Potence"
Being from Sweden you just like salmon and at Le Chalet you can get a delicous Nordique Crepe with salmon! Never had anything like that in Sweden! Besides the great crepe and friendly service from the owner Alain Keller I was also treated to a laughing experience. They have a comedy show twice a month. Great place to eat and have a nice relaxed evening!
c'est magnifique!!!
I'm torn in writing this review because I've been here several times and always had an awesome experience, but today the service was horrible - and there were only 2 other tables.

The Roquefort appetizer is a must. We alway start with it whether we come in for brunc on the weekend or dinner with friends. 

The swiss cheese fondue is always a treat. Last time I was here we had that and finished with the caramel dessert fondue. In between we had the Hanging Man - served tableside by the chef and a serving of chicken with all the great sauces.

This trip, however, we had the Bretonne and Mediteranee crepes.

The service today was horrible and if I had never been there before, it would male me not want to come back.

Come for dinner during the week when properly staffed an enjoy a bottle of wine!
LOVED this place! Went here for dinner on a recent Friday evening. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Great wine selection and menu choices. The ambiance was very relaxing and comfortable. 

The food was awesome. We shared the Cheese fondue and a deli meats platter. The cheese fondue was DELICIOUS!  Better than melting pot by a long shot.  For dinner I had one of the crepes, the presentation was beautiful and the flavors were amazing. My husband had the filet that that cooked right at the table - it was fun and delicious. 

My only wish is that this little hot-spot was closer to where I live!  We will be back for more.
My idea of Le Chalet:  Little food, big price.  I ordered a crepe and was starved when I got out of there.  It was good and all, but just not worth the price.
From now on, I'm bringing a coupon from the Entertainment Guide with me to eat at after I eat at a place like Le Chalet..
The coolest thing about this place is you can watch the guy making your food on tv, so, if you have a friend with you and want to take your time chit-chatting, this is your place.  You got lots of time between ordering and actually eating I think.
Good service, but it just doesn't make up for food that doesn't fill me up I guess.
Great food and service. Love this place.
Going out for a birthday dinner is always fun. Wanting to try a new place this year, my boyfriend took it upon himself to seek out the best place. We decided on Le Chalet.. which has so far been the best birthday dinner in a very long time! All of the food was delicious...the environment was fun but quiet.. the staff was all very friendly and we had one of the best waitresses ever! And one of the best parts... it was totally 2 year old friendly. Can't wait to go again!
This is a different type of dining experience. From the outside, it looks like an ordinary building, but the inside is nicely decorated. Wines selections are great. Staff are super friendly, especially for a mom-n-pop restaurant. The food (crepes) is definitely over the top. It's a specialty restaurant, meaning that you must really enjoy crepes to be able to appreciate what the owner's pride and their creativity of their food selections. It's not, by any mean, a fancy French dining but it's definitely a favorite local place. I enjoy dining here every single time, whether with friends, family, or with my nieces and nephews. The kids and I are throughly enjoy the crepes-bar by the kitchen, especially when we see the chefs prepare our favorite desserts. 
On that note, this place is a gem...so come out and support the local business. I dine here, at least once or twice per month.
My wife told me about this place and said she loved the food, so after a recent appointment we were free on a weekday and went there for lunch--not during the lunch rush.  Not many people there so we had our choice of tables.

For appetizers, we had the Roquefort Flammenkuchen, which is like a tiny pizza with melted blue cheese, small pieces of pear, crushed walnuts, mozzarella and sour cream on top.  It easily could feed one person, but we split it.  While small, it was rich, and very tasty with the various flavors.  We also got their garlic bread, which was a piece of French bread sliced vertically (in other words, it's not like you get part of a loaf) toasted with garlic butter and cheese.  It was very good, but expected more of a serving.

For entrees, we both got crepes.  I got the Mediterranee, which has 4-5 big sea scallops, delicately cooked and served with a sauce with saffron and cheese.  It was very good.  While not big, the richness of the sauce helped make it more filling.  There is also a little salad served on the side of the plate.  My wife got the Nordique, which is a similar plate except it has smoked salmon with a cream and cheese sauce.  I tasted that--yum!  What is very interesting about these crepes is that they are square with the edges folded over and made of buckwheat, which makes them a bit heartier.  

The dessert menu is very tempting with a variety of dessert crepes, but I felt we should do a fondue, so we got the chocolate fondue for 2.  The chocolate sauce is made from melted bittersweet chocolate mixed with whipping cream and kept gently heated.  There are little brownies, sliced strawberries, apples, and cream puffs to dip.  It was literally finger-licking good!

Nice touch: as the designated driver, I got a root beer, and was given a free refill without me asking.  My wife got a glass of wine from an extensive wine and beer list.

The waitress was very friendly, helpful, and gave us great service.  This place also has a comedy night and musical entertainment certain nights, too.

This is quite a gem...I will definitely be back.  One small nit: as some others have written, it can be quite expensive, especially with drinks and desserts.
Went here just for dessert. 

The staff was nothing to write home about. They were prompt on refills of my beverage. Dessert was just placed down roughly while my waitress walked away. 

Flavors were pretty good.
Loved the food, atmosphere, and service. They have lots of options on the menu and everything was fresh and tasty.
Went here last night and had a pretty decent experience.  The food tasted great, we got a crepe, fondue, and a dessert.  Our waiter was friendly.  The ambiance was cool, very dutch/german feeling.  My complaints are that it wasn't alot of food, we left a little hungry and we shared all 3 dishes, at most restaurants I'd be bursting at the seems sharing 3 dishes.  And the killer for me was hearing the head chef (I think) arguing with a waiter.  I patron should never hear an argument between staff members.  Don't get me wrong, it was entertaining but that should never happen in an establishment.
This place is incredible.  If you want to experience authentic French food, this is the place.  We got the traditional flammenkuchen to start.  My wife got the Bressine crepe and I got the table side French Raclette.  The food was incredibly similar to the food I had in Europe.  I will be coming back for sure.

Previous reviews have mentioned that they felt the food was too expensive and that it wasn't filling.  Most of the cheese and meat you are served here can't  normally be found at a typical grocery store, which explains the expense.  French food doesn't use the grease and heavy creams that weigh you down and make you bloated.  If you are looking for that type of full feeling, go to a Chili's or TGIFridays.  This place serves light refreshing food that doesnt give you the "I need to go take a nap" feeling.
ok, I am going to just say it.....  WOW.

I am here visiting a friend in Phoenix for the weekend and we were hungry looking for somewhere to eat.
We found this place on a fluke, and decided to try it, because the sign said crepes and fondue.  My favorite food groups....

The food was great, our service was great and we at too much to have dessert, which is a class C felony in most states... so we will be going there tomorrow ... just for dessert.  

Yea, I will be back, yea my friend and her husband will be back, and I am going to tell everyone I know here to go there.

nom nom nom nom.
Very cool!

Funny how the previous week we went to the Melting Pot for upscale fondue and here we are at a French-Swiss restaurant that was delicious and fun!

First Sunday of the month is a clean comedy routine and it was fabulous!  We enjoyed the traditional fondue and the  La Potence (the "hanging man").  The table side prep was cool and the meat was delicious.   We split both items between 2 people and enjoyed an affordable and entertaining meal!  Cool factor=5
I should come right out and say that I don't know much about crepes.  Until eating at Le Chalet I just thought they were paper thin pancakes stuffed with whipped cream & covered with some kind of fruit.  But after my first trip here my eyes have been opened.  Filled with a variety of cheeses, meats, fruits, veggies these things are yummy.  And as small as they are, they're so rich that a little goes a long way and you end up pleasantly satisfied without being lethargic and over stuffed.  
The atmosphere is cozy, the staff is friendly, the service is generally what you expect without being exceptional (and that's OK), the prices are very reasonable and the food is wonderful.  Been there twice and we'll definately go back.
My friend loves this place, and we always go for her birthday.  The food is indeed fantastic.  I have had different crepes each time and they have both been wonderful and super filling.  The potatoes are also out of this world.  However, the food here is not the problem.  The service has been abysmal each time.  If your waitress seems unhappy and ill tempered it really ruins the whole experience.  And another star is lost due to the prices.  The crepe is on the small side for paying over $10, and the other dishes on the menu go up steeply in price after that.  Generally, the side dishes are not included and you must pay extra for them.  This limits the menu options for those in your party that are on a tighter budget.  If price and rude wait staff are not your primary concerns then this is the place for you.
What an excellent dinner!  Having been to northern France, it was amazing to have a little piece of it here in AZ. The staff was courteous and helpful. La Potence was cooked really well and very tender. The crepes were just like in France and the chocolate fondue dessert was the best! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a genuine French experience.
So good!!!!  Staff was friendly! Had the crepes and ready to plan a trip back to try the fondue.  :-)
I am so HAPPY to have discovered this gem, thanks to my fellow yelpers!  The Hubs, a friend, and I were looking for somewhere new to try this past Friday night.  I, of course, consulted my yelp "must try" list.  Le Chalet was fairly close to our house and offered the "something different" we were all craving, and I must say we were all so pleased with the results of our adventure.

The setup of the restaurant is a little different than the norm with two separate rooms and an area which seats customers right when you walk in.  I expected it to be busier on a Friday night, but I was also happy to not have to wait, since I was starved.  Our waiter greeted us promptly and even used some French in order to add to the ambiance.  The menu has a lot of options (maybe too much), so it took us awhile to decide.  In the end, two of us ordered crepes and one ordered a sandwich.  We also shared a traditional flammenkuchen and chocolate crepe dessert.  Everything was FABULOUS!  I mean honestly, how can you go wrong with cheese, bacon, and more cheese.  I loved the bacon and cheese crepe the Hubs and I shared.  The flammenkuchen was a pizza to the nth degree... with lots of cheese, bacon, and shallots.  My sandwich was also tasty and reminded me of the most awesome cheese toast anyone could have. 

We all left dinner beyond satisfied with the service and food.  It was an enjoyable evening and we will most certainly return.  I hope others follow suit and keep this place going because I would be sad if it could not continue... so needless to say, go to Le Chalet, and go often... trust me.
At least once a month we trek out to Glendale for the le potence and the crepes. I always get the salted caramel and he always gets the banana nutella crepe. If it were up to me, we'd come every week. However, Glendale is too far away.
5 star, this place is awesome!!!
Bergere is now my favorite brunch!! Very pleasant environment! You feel like your in another country (switserland?). My waiter was very attentive. Again, the bergere was amazing! I was craving breakfast and it was awesome!
The worst thing is deciding what to have.  Everything sounds so good.  This is one of the few restaurants that I will attempt to try everything on the menu.  They have a lot of choices so it will take a while to try it all.
We tried this last night for our date night.  We were impressed.  The waitress was amazing in explaining the menu and making suggestions. This is a great place to relax and talk.  The food was great.  I had the Tartiflette...WOW it was so good.  My husband had the La Potence, which is their speciality.  He thought it was great...We will be back...
The food wasnt bad...my wife has been trying to get me to bring her to a fondue place so I figured I would surprise her and take her for lunch, she was excited but that was quickly dashed when she watched her lunch HOUR fade out without getting her meal so she asked for a to go tea and was told they don't carry to go cups..WHAT???   After all this and the OWNER knowing it was our first time, she never offered ANY apologies or discounts for not getting us served in time,  I left out that we were 1 of 4 tables... so what could the excuse been??
Always great service and excellent food.  As someone else said, one of the toughest things here is deciding which dish to go for.

My wife usually goes for one of the crepe or similar dishes, and I've always had one of the steak options.  The "hanging man" steak is simply amazing.  The flat iron steak, covered with garlic-herb butter and perfectly caramelized onions, is simply the best flat iron steak I've ever eaten.

On top of this, you get a selection of rare beers on tap.
Food was good and a nice selection of crepes,sandwiches and fondues. The time we were there,the only negative was that the women's restroom was smelly (my wife thought it was due to poor ventilation).
After driving past this place many times hubby and I finally went here for our anniversary, after seeing all of the positive reviews on Yelp. We were looking for something a bit unique, with a similar feel to Melting Pot but without the $100 tab. I'm happy to say that La Chalet succeeded wonderfully.

We went during happy hour (3-6pm) and were delighted to find out that all drinks and appetizers were discounted by $2. I had what I think was called a swiss miss- a strawberry chocolate martini, and hubby had a dark stout. Both were great. Then we moved onto the food.

We started with the Atlantic Salmon flammenkuchen appetizer. Realize that with these, when they say 6" they mean it, although I can't really complain since it was $2 off and delicious. It was enough for 2 to share but not what I'd call a generous portion. Very lemony and the salmon didn't taste fishy at all. For a main dish we had the Mediterranean crepe. The scallops were large and just a tad overcooked but the whole thing tasted amazing. For dessert we went with the chocolate fondue. Like everything else, it was delicious. The cream puffs were both our favorites, but there were generous portions of apples, brownies and strawberries as well. We both ate till we were stuffed, then ate just a little bit more.

I saw some complaints on Yelp about the service, but we had NO issues there. Both our waiters were very friendly (we were there during a shift change) and happy to explain whatever we asked without hovering. The host brought us a dessert menu and explained the specials when he realized we were winding down and debating whether or not to order dessert. We had a very leisurely dinner and ordered one course at a time- no one ever made us feel like we should be in a rush. We even jokingly asked if the Nutella in a dessert dish was from the US or from Europe and a few minutes later the waiter came back with a container from the kitchen so that we could see for ourselves (it was from Canada).

Overall, I really enjoyed this. It was a nice, quiet restaurant (no shouting over annoying music), prices were reasonable and we had a great experience. My only real regret about Le Chalet is that we missed the swiss cheese fondue and the dessert crepes, but I'm sure we'll be back.
mMmMm I really like this place! This is my second time here and I love their crepes! I ordered the Mont St Michel - a crepe wrap with Alaskan smoked salmon,  shredded romaine, diced tomatoes, onions and dill ranching dressing - deliciously light and only 148 calories! However the biggest downside to this crepe wrap are the amount of raw diced ONIONS they put on it....ahhhhhh this would have been perfect but the raw onions starts to overwhelm your taste buds after the third bite or slice (it's a huge wrap that they cut into about 8 pieces for you). So if you're not fond of raw onions perhaps you can tell them to omit them..otherwise it's really good. 

I also ordered a juicy peach iced tea....but it tasted really bad to me and the waiter was sweet about changing it to raspberry iced tea for me. My bf ordered the Savoyarde which is the normal crepe with sauteed potatoes, sauteed onions, bacon with melted Raclette cheese as the filling and oh my my it was savory indeed! He also ordered a side wild rice which smelled as good as it tasted. 

Overall this is place has the best crepes I have tasted so far. I just wish it was in Orange County or Los Angeles! The service is also really wonderful here but it seems like they are never busy - well at least the other time I came here it was only my bf and I dining - plus maybe one or two other parties came after but they don't seem like they have full houses that often which is unfortunate because they do make really wonderful crepes.
Oh my goodness! This place is amazing. 

A friend of mine went here and she raved about this place. Since then I have wanted to try it. So the husband was out of town on business and I took my daughter here for her 9th birthday.

We had Pink Lemon-aid, Peach Iced Tea, Cheese Fondue, "La Potence" the hanging man, the Crepe Tatin, and they brought her a special dessert for her birthday.

Let me break down the meal and then the service. 

I didn't try the Pink Lemon-aid but my daughter enjoyed it. the Peach Iced Tea was fantastic. It was a green tea that tasted like someone had squeezed a freshly picked peach into it, but there were no peaces floating in it. Crisp, clear and a wonderful palette cleanser.

The cheese fondue was very yummy. We had it with bread and apples. My daughter enjoyed the apples straight and stuffed herself full of bread and cheese. (This comes from the girl that only so-so likes cheese.)

The "La Potence" is their signature dish. For those of us that cannot speak french to save our lives (raises hand) its called the Hanging Man. It is a a cylinder of metal with spikes on it and meat hanging off of it. They Flambe it at your table with a fantastic whiskey (Don't worry all the alcohol burns off). It is hanging over a bed of wild rice and you get four dipping sauces and a special butter. The staff recommended putting the butter in the rice. They were right. It was great!!

We never had to ask for a single thing, drink refills were always quick and then there was dessert.

The Crepe Tatin is Salted Carmel Apple Crepe with Ice Cream and toasted almonds. They can mix it up and put chocolate and different types of fruits on it. I about busted at the seams. 

The staff was amazing, very personal service and relaxed atmosphere. This place is good for kids, however I will say I have a 2 year old right smack dab in the NO phase and I would not bring him here as I would not want to disturb anyone else. But for kids that can follow commands and are well behaved it is a really unique fun experience! For larger parties I would recommend reservations and they do take them. I will be back here many times.
What a nice surprise. So very different and yummy.  If you need a nice change for your taste buds, then go to Le Chalet.
My in-laws suggested meeting here for dinner. What a nice surprise! None of us had eaten her before, so the menu was a bit scary at first. After talking with our server, Sam, she helped clarify things for us so we could try some things we might like. First off we tried the salmon "pizza" crepe. It was very good, as long as you like capers, which I do. Then we tried the the chicken and mushroom crepe, also a great choice! We felt pretty full after that, so we went straight to dessert... Carmel fondue. What can I say about this? Delicious!! 
What I liked most about this place is that it is so different from everyday restaurants. If you want a burger and fries this isn't the place for you. But if you want a nice atmosphere and something new, this is a place to try.
Le Chalet est gnial! If you don't speak French, that means it's awesome...and it is.  Crpes, Fondue and ambiance.  Le Chalet has it all.  I have had the Fondue, and both savoury and desert crpes.  All were wonderful.
If you're looking for a bit of the French Alps on a "stay in Phoenix" budget then put Le Chalet on the top of your list.
This place is great, service was outstanding, the Cheese Fondue and Crepe's were delicious. Our experiance was awesome we will be back.
Came in for desert after Sushi, sat in the bar area then asked if we wanted to pay a five dollar cover fee to stay and listen to an old-school band, no thank you.  Went in to  main dining room and ordered desert.  I could see that our order was up yet the waiter did not notice.  By the time he came and delivered it to us the ice cream and whipped cream were melted, his response "You should have picked it up, sorry, it will be alright.  Waiter left us and we asked chef for a re-do.  Fresher desert came and it was really not a worth it in my book.  Might be back to try the Fondue or maybe try the other popular Fondue place in town.
I had a great time at their monthly Clean Comedy night!

Every first Sunday of the month at 7pm, Le Chalet hosts a PG rated clean comedy night safe enough to bring the kiddos along. No cover at the door, but a $5 per person minimum on food or beverage is required. 

As we arrived, we were greeted by a delightful gentleman, complete with authentic french accent. This guy must have been practicing it his whole life. The waiter was an energetic, pony tail sporting, ball of electricity and was delighted to call my wife out on her bland choice of pizza crepe and insisted she ordered the mushroom chicken; excelent choice sir! 

We had a great time listening to the comics come up to the "bat cave" like stage in their back room to quote one of the comics, and with 50% of them hitting home a humorous set it was like "batting 500, and that's a win" to quote another.

We both loved the food, I had one of their delicious sandwiches and the wife couldnt stop eating her savory crepe. I normally keep my dining and entertainment limited to downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale, but this food was good enough to come back for. 

Here's to you clean comedy, stay funny Phoenix and happy Yelping! ;-)
Crepes are exceptional! I love the atmosphere here too, it's so relaxing. Only disappointment was the fondue the chocolate never got hot enough :(
An extremely surprising delight

A few months ago my boyfriend were driving around looking for some mid-day lunch. We went through the usual "Want Cheesecake factory?" "Nah."  "TGIF?" "Nah" and we drove by Le Chalet, figuring it was another crepe place. Boy were we surprised

The restaurant inside is so quaintly and artistically designed that you instantly get the impression that you are not in just another crepe place.

I can't tell you the names of the items we had cause they were all authentic swiss/french cuisines, far beyond the usual "fromage" and "poulet"

We've been there twice so far and each time was individually fantastic

We've had the mussel with rice, w hich is by far the best mussels i've ever had. We've had the swiss cheese fondue which is over the top. This time we had the pate and their specialty meat dish, which regrettably I can't remember the name

What stands out most about this place is the overall effort and service that the staff provides. The waitresses are extremely educated in the menu and you can tell they really listen to what you'd like. 

The chefs in the kitchen you can tell from even afar that they really focus on their dishes. Nothing is frozen, everything is made from scratch down to the sauce.
Chef Anthony Perre/Ferre (can't remember) personally flambed our dinner right by our table. He was extremely friendly, funny, informative and talented.

Everything from the food, to the wine selection, to the waitresses to the chefs make this place an extreme diamond in the rough in Peoria.

Great job guys! You definitely have a permanent customer from me
7 friends & I ate at Le Chalet as our last meal to cap off a wonderful visit to sunny AZ! What a great choice!!!! We loved the feel of the place, very cozy and clean. Our waitress was Tracy & she couldn't have been more accommodating. She explained all the menu choices very well and answered all our questions(with 8 of us we had alot). We started our meal with the cheese fondue! Great taste & wonderful way to start our culinary journey! Next our entrees: We all loved the crepes, the buckwheat was so good. The friends that ordered the scallops said they were the best they have ever had. I tried the La Potence. Very good, loved all the sauces & very impressive to have it cooked they way they do at the table. Dessert was fabulous. We tried the salted caramel fondue & the chocolate fondue. Both were wonderful but if you have to make a choice, choose the salted caramel. The tart apple & the cream puffs dipped in it were to die for! This was an experience we will remember for a long time & thank all the staff that helped make it such a wonderful reminder of the fun we had in AZ. I plan to be back in February & am already making plans to eat here again.
Awesome food and excellent wait service.  The waitress explained everything in detail.  Scallops were cooked perfectly, best I have ever had.  I was so excited to learn that they used buckwheat flour in some of the crepes, as I am gluten and wheat sensitive.  This was our last night in Scottsdale for a group of 8 girlfriends, and this topped off the vacation with with an A+.
Divine crepes and great service. We went for a late lunch and couldn't have been happier with the service, ambiance, and quality of the food.
For our normal Sunday lunch - we wanted to try something different. So, off to Yelp to find a place - this place.

The ambiance of the place is awesome... from the outside - you would never know that this cool place is tucked inside. 

The food was good. We started off with Apples And Bacon Flammenkuchen for the 4 of us. I could have eaten a few of these for lunch - loved the flavor (anything with bacon!). The kids had "kids pizzas" - which are cheese crepes with pepperoni - not their favorite, but they made do. Did I mention that they have sweet potato fries - my favorite!

Then came the REAL reason to come to a place like this... DESERT! We all shared 2 desert crepes and the chocolate fondue dip. Man was it a hit. Kiddos loved being able to dip strawberries and apples into the nicely melted and warm chocolate. The crepes were awesome...caramel with chocolate... YUMMY!

Gonna come back - even if just for desert.
The interior is akin to being teleported to a little dining lodge in the Swiss Alps after a day of skiing.  Alpenhorn, wooden barrels, and other relevant decor makes it feels very warm & cozy and it induces a desire for hot chocolate, which makes it a decent spot for a date as well.

We tried the cheese fondue and some salmon on bread appetizer (Salmon Flammenkuchen).  The fondue was good and it came with ample bread, but the Salmon Flammenkuchen was not that appetizing.  The service was solid though.  Overall, I'd probably come back for the ambiance, fondue, and maybe to try the crepes.
If you want to try something different and excellent try Le Chalet. The food and service is very good with menu items you will not fine in many places. They also have a full bar and happy hour.
Just had lunch here with my wife:  French onion soup - amazing!  Parisian Sandwich - 8 out of 10, crepe dessert with caramelized apples - 9 out of 10, atmosphere - very very cool!  Great date place!
Le Chalet is my favorite restaurant ever.  I just love La Potence (The Hanging Man).  The tenderloin is always cooked to perfection and the dipping sauces are awesome!  If I had my way, I'd be there at least twice a week.  The staff is super friendly and we always feel very much welcomed.  There has been a time or two where we had to wait a bit for service, but I don't fault the wait staff for that.  Just look around.  The place can be jam packed and there my only be one waitress running herself ragged to serve customers promptly.  We never care since it is obvious that the wait staff can be overwhelmed from time to time.  We just sit back and enjoy the Mont Pellier Pinot Noir and enjoy the conversation.  If anyone complains about slow service, just imagine yourself trying to do her job.  Good luck with that.  I would highly recommend trying this restaurant.  My wife and I normally go at off hours for the best experience.  The lunch and dinner rushes can be quite crowded.  We never leave there hungry and usually take some home.
Fondue is a must.
What do you say about a restaurant where the food is terrific.  No question about the way it is fixed and I don't think it could be much better.  A place where you don't have to go broke getting really fine French food.  Maybe not as exotic as some places but just good French food...the type you might find at a cafe in France.  You say no reason not to return.  And the deserts!  The chocolate!  You have to go there to see their desert menu!  Splurge!

The glitch last night was the service.  I have no problem with relaxed service.  Who wants to be hurried.   With the exception of getting a small glass for my friend's seven up, we were not people hard to serve.  That is not an excuse to be borderline neglected. I refer to minor things like checking back often enough to see water glasses are filled often enough for there to be ice in it to keep it cool.  Or just for there to be water, especially if the person is having water as their only drink with the meal.   I expect that.  Watching your server outside the front door when the water needs to be filled?  What to do when you are ready to leave and your server is having a long conversation across the room with another employee.  Finally I had to make a decision whether to go get him myself or ask the young man who was helping the table next to us to go get him?  Last but not least, how difficult is it to remember to bring a bag to put  take out containers in when you have just been asked?  I gave up on that one.  When I left I just walked past my server carrying them out.  Guess he didn't notice?

The question might be asked why were these minor things annoying enough for me to say more about the service than the food itself.  My dining companion didn't want to go to for French food but did it for me.  She had no complaints about the food-thought it was excellent.  She thought the ambiance of the restaurant was nice.  However,  the service embarrassing.  This is a major sore spot for me when it happens.  I make no apologies for it.     

I might tell you one other thing.  I have GERD.  If you don't know what that is, I will tell you I have to be careful about what I eat or I can get major indigestion, etc.   I knew I'd pay for what I ate and i did.  But when certain types of French food are prepared properly, I am willing to suffer.   What better recommendation can I give than that!
Setting:  After Friday night dinner, I took my wife out for DESSERT ONLY.

Ambiance:  Big restaurant with plenty of seats.  There were two areas to sit, with one that had plenty of people, and the other not too packed.  We opted for the not too packed area.  You can see the cooks working their magic in the back.  Well lit, but after visiting France, I did not get the French feel, although it is co-owned by a French and Swiss.  However, great layout, so let's get to the dessert!

Food/Menu:  They had many crepes to choose from, as I was excited to try the chocolate ganash with bananas, but my wife was eying the fondue for two!  It comes with apples, homemade fresh brownies, strawberries, and cream puffs with their homemade chocolate ganash.

apples & strawberries - tasted very fresh, and my wife was delighted by the ripe and sweet strawberries.

brownies - they are not cakey (soft texture and crumble feel), and not too fudgy (thick and chewy), they are definitely right in the middle, which makes them almost perfect.  These were delicious as every dip in the fondue made the flavor extremely better after every bite.

cream puffs - soft texture with a cold cream inside (made this way because the fondue may crumble the puff), made just right, but never been a fan of cream puffs, although add the fondue and it is quite tastey.

Service:  Our waitress was awesome and very sweet according to my wife.  She started with the restaurant sine its inception in 2010, and said the place has only gotten better.  She was very knowledgeable about all the food and answered any questions we had, especially seeing a dinner plate with meat on fire (definitely tasting this next time)!

Overall:  I give this place a 5, not only because of the service, but the fondue was a quality dessert.  The fresh fruit mixed in with the sweet and savory bites makes this place a must for dessert.  We will have to check out dinner next time.  We will see you again Le Chalet!
My boyfriend and I stopped by this place after driving by it frequently for three years.  We got up the nerve to try crepes and fondue, and were not disappointed.  

The ambience was fine- casual dining that could be dressed up- it seemed equally acceptable to wear jeans and a band t-shirt as a dress or suit.  The seating areas were cozy- pretty close to other diners, but it seemed to be okay.

The restaurant was clean and tidy.  A note on the bathrooms- they look like the doors are just push-open doors, that's not the case- there's also a knob...

The food was amazing.  I've never had non-dessert crepes before, and fondue was something I had never experienced.  For such cheesy food, it was still light and flavorful.  The fondue with croutons and fingerling potatoes was filling but not overly filling.  The crepes were wonderful- I had the Mediterrane and my boyfriend had the Black Forest Ham... l was amazed at how light they were, but also how rich and filling.  

The waitress was also amazing- she didn't laugh at us for having a ton of dumb questions- she guided us through the ordering process and helped make us feel comfortable.  

We will definitely go back!
I always drive by this place and wonder about it. So on a Saturday around 11 am. I decided to ea brunch there with my good pal Robert. I got the flammenkuchen style Roquefort. It was pretty much a pizza with real blue cheese,diced pears and roasted walnuts. Absolutely awesome! I had ordered the classic orange juice for my beverage and it was fresh squeezed so I decided to quench my thirst even more with a refreshing mimosa. I recommend this place without a doubt. Great for eating out for a date or fun with family and friends.
Amazing! From the food to the service to the wine selection! Me and my boyfriend went there for dinner, our server Chris was great, the other server Tim that was working was just as friendly and engaging. We got the salmon pizza like appetizer which was great. Followed by the french fondue and beef fondue, with chocolate fondue to top it off. I wanted the carmel, my boyfriend suggested we do that next time, and they actually brought us some to try. Above and beyond service and amazing food! We will definitely be going back!
The dinner crepes were good, I had the crepe with scallops (can't remember the name) the scallops could have been fresher. The dessert crepe we had though was amazing! We added strawberries to the salted caramel crepe which we were informed was a family recipe brought over from France. If you don't get dessert here you are missing out my friend.
Crepes and general French yumminess

Went to Le Chalet for lunch, today.  Cute little place that opens at 11 AM.  The sandwich, crepe, and salads are superb.  Kid's mean had a ham and cheese option with sweet potato fries that our little girl thoroughly enjoyed.

Service is quick and kind.  Drinks and food arrive promptly and the waiter was happy to share about each dish.  He prepped us that the cuisine is northern French and meal crepes are made with a buckwheat flour while dessert crepes are made with the sweet white flour and egg mixture I'm accustomed to.

Serving sizes are just right and cost for three people was about $40 including a dessert banana and chocolate crepe my wife, daughter, and I (unwillingly) shared.  The setting was cute-- kind of a French-Swiss ski chalet feel.  Not a common thing in a desert of hellish summer heat.
This place is too hyped-up. Me and my boyfriend went here because it's supposed to be "so amazing" and everything, it was just "okay". 

If you've never tried fondue or crepes before, sure, try this place. But it really isn't anything spectacular. The flavors were just "okay", the atmosphere was just "okay", the staff was just "okay". I really wish I could say this place was spectacular, but it was just "okay". 

We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue. It was so plain! You have to order something to go with this! All you get is cheese and bread. So we ordered a side salad and ratatouille and the salad had a little too much dressing and the ratatouille's flavor didn't mix well with the other two items we had ordered. 

We finished the meal with the Crepe Tatin. It was good but it was missing a "wow" factor.
I've been on a French kick lately.  I spent last summer in France and am longing to experience it again.  Checked this place out the other day and was really impressed.  Authentic French food that is done almost as if you are in France, which is a rarity to find here in the states let me tell you.  I will definitely be coming back here on a regular basis and highly recommend it.
This is a favorite place of ours for date night.   All the dishes we've tried, we have loved!   :)
Great service. My server was very friendly and informative on the food. The food was good. It wasn't a lot of food but we were full. Kinda pricey but I'm not from Arizona so it was a good experience. Overall I'll visit again if I am ever in the area
Been here twice--once with friends when I only ordered a crepe, and once again with dad, when I ordered death by fine French decadence.  We had la Potence and the assorted cold cuts sampler with the melted Raclette cheese service.  Quick snapshot of the general aim of the restaurant: my dad asked if they had French onion soup, but the waiter just chuckled and said they try not to be *that* kind of French restaurant.  

La Potence: you order it, they wheel it out and set it on fire, and slowly you pick off the hanging chunks of meat and slather it in the buttery sauces they give you.  Initially I was actually a little bit disappointed; sure they set it on fire, but it's only a handful of meat with five different variations of butter--for $$$.  But don't be an idiot like me!  The pineapple they drape over the top isn't there just to be fancy--it actually does tenderize the meat, and plays off nicely with the whiskey juice they pour over the whole apparatus.  The butter sauces could be punchier--but remember, this is French food, not Thai.  All of the juices that drip off the meat goes into a skillet of wild rice, which is simple but delicious.

Assorted Cold Cuts with Raclette: again, they bring out an underwhelming assortment of meats, and then they wheel out this strange contraption attached to a formerly-whole wheel of raclette.  There's a set amount of cheese melting services they provide, and you can choose to split them up instead of getting it all at once.  Anyways, this turned out to be just the right serving size, otherwise I'd be dead from a heart attack instead of writing this review.  Everything seems so deceptively simple, but it's rich beyond compare, and I really missed good European deli meats.  The piece de la resistance was when I arranged the la potence beef, surrounded by the rice, heaped on top of the cold cuts and cut up potatoes, and had them cover the whole schmear with raclette.  

Amazingly, we still had room for dessert.  My dad had the chocolate lover's crepe (I forget the name, but it was aimed towards chocoholics--he wasn't that impressed), and I had the frangipani--which was delicious, almondy heaven.  My dad ordered a coffee, and while he was initially disappointed that they didn't have any way to make it hazelnut-flavored, all was forgiven when the waiter brought out the coffee press.  We're no coffee snobs, but this coffee was the most fragrant brew I had ever tasted; putting hazelnut in it would've been a waste of damn good coffee. 

Waiter was friendly.  I don't remember his name, but he's the older guy with the glasses.  He explained the whole process of setting the meat on fire and melting the cheese like a tour guide, and made the experience very pleasant.

Yes this place is potentially hard on your arteries and your wallet, but this is our new place for rare, indulgent special occasions--so hopefully now my LDL is back to normal.
I had the blue cheese flammenkuchen, which was a tasty mix of blue cheese and apples on a flaky crust. Delicious, but I would hesitate to say that it was worth $13.50, though the portion size was decent. Dessert was the crepe flambe with Grand Marnier. It was overwhelmed by the flavor of the candied orange peel, and the crepe had no flavor on it's own. The crepe fell apart, and was floppy and unappealing. I finished the ice cream, and left most of the crepe itself on the plate. Service was fine, I didn't have any of the issues that previous reviewers did. Overall, an ok meal, but more expensive than I would like, given the quality of the meal as a whole.
It's very unfortunate that I have to give this place 2 stars. They say first impressions are the most important. Well, my first impression of Le Chalet wasn't a very good one. We had reservations at 8 on valentines day. We weren't seated until 8:30 which I understand because people especially want to enjoy dinner tonight but the hostess didn't know anything. If we didn't say anything, we would've been waiting longer. 

They had a special performance for Valentines day which we opted to see for an additional fee per person. It was a nice show but service seemed to be halted due to it. 80% of the people there already had their meals. It took us 2 hours to have an appetizer (the crepe with scallops), cheese fondue which had an unbelievable amount of butter in and a dessert crepe which was delicious. We originally ordered the "La Potence" but since it took over 45 minutes, we cancelled it. Turns out it was the right choice since the kitchen didn't even prepare it yet. 

Can't say I'd ever come back by choice as it seems they need practice for serving a full restaurant. Turns out my scallops weren't prepared properly as I suffered from food poisoning later in the evening. Quite an impression that will last for some time.
Fantastic!  Food was great and unique.  Scotty was attentive, humorous and knowledgeable.  I would recommend multiple visits because everything we tried was great.  We actually went two nights in a row.
Delicious!  Everything we thought it would be, plus their drink menu is great as well!  When the band is playing in the other room, however, it's a bit loud, making it hard to focus on just the date and the dinner.
We were looking for someplace to celebrate our anniversary, and a little Googling led us here. We had seen Le Chalet, but didn't realize it was a nice place for dinner. 
We had the flammenkuchen for an appetizer--think tiny pizza, but on a light flaky crust. Then we had the Crepes Bretonne and Crepe Bergere for the main course. Both were very good. I haven't had savory crepes before, so I'm not sure what the texture is supposed to be like, but they seemed perfect. Nicely browned and slightly crispy. 
A bottle of French wine and a dessert crepe rounded things off. 
The owner was right there, overseeing everything. He takes a lot of pride in his restaurant. The menu reflects the comfort foods he enjoyed growing up in Switzerland. He gave us a lot of personal attention.

If you're tired of the usual franchise restaurants in the west valley, with cookie-cutter menus and bored waitstaff, give Le Chalet a try. It's at the other end of the spectrum.
Saw the cow outside and stopped in. Once looking at menu remember a friend talking about the hanging meat thing.  we went inside and had just missed the dinner rush so the place was pretty quiet (which was nice since we brought our 3 year old).  

The food was awesome, the staff was so friendly and gave us lots of attention.  The Decore was nice, the place would big, i can see it getting packed on weekends and special occasions.  

i can't wait to go back and try a few other things!
Such a fun date place. The buckwheat flour they use in their savory crepes is a great idea and gives the crepes good texture. Ordered the Nordique which had smoked salmon and dill... So creamy and delicious! Also tried the Bretonne which was a spin on ham and eggs and yummy. If you order the cheese fondue, order apples along with the bread. I will definitely be back!
An unexpected surprise!  We were taking a friend out for her birthday and thanks to Yelp (again!), we discovered this place.  A rather authentic European bistro in Glendale... GLENDALE... of all of places.  

The food was phenomenal.  The garlic bread tartin, the fondue, the crepes, the salted caramel fondue... all of it.  I really don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  

We chatted extensively with our waiter and also a gentleman who I believe is the owner.  He was very friendly and had a great sense of humor.  

We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will be back!
Outstanding food, solid service despite the fact that it was maybe a little slow. We had the prosciutto plate starter which was very good and also came with cornichons (French pickles).

Our entrees consisted of crepes -  I had the crepe savoyarde which consisted of diced potatoes, raclette cheese, bacon and onions and my friend had the roquefort crepe - were both outstanding...I also ordered a side of ratatouille was to die for.

It was of course Bastille day, and there was a nice musician playing the piano and accordeon.

All in all, a fun and delightful experience. The one star fell off due to slow, nonetheless friendly service...just please don't address your customers as You Guys...You know who you are - Come on  have a little class!
I came to Le Chalet for my birthday based on word of mouth and the reviews on yelp.

I was disappointed, my wife was disappointed and we won't be returning unfortunately.  

The good...
The salted caramel dessert crepe was superb!   The flat iron Angus steak my son ordered was delicious! The ratatouille stole the show in my opinion!

The bad...
 
Appetizer - I ordered 2 orders of garlic bread.  What a complete joke!  Take a piece of sourdough bread from you local grocery store put some garlic and cheese on a SINGLE slice with tiny bit of tomato relish and voila!  At 5$ a slice...RIPOFF!!

Entree - I ordered the "La Potence" the signature dish.  What a joke!  This dish is being described on the menu as being "Flambeed table side by the chef and comes with a skillet of wild rice"  THIS WAS FLAT OUT FALSE!!
It was attempted by our freaking waitress (who was nice and courteous) who could not even get the portable burner working.  It was completely botched!  The signature dish, the most expensive dish on the menu and the god damn waitress flambeed the thing???  Shame on you chef and owner!  Also, "wild rice"  FALSE AGAIN...I counted and I mean I freaking counted about 20 grains of "wild rice" in a pan of white rice.  Shame on you again.  My wife had the "Swiss Cheese Fondue" and I also ate some of it...it was mediocre at best.  The bread was stale and lacked flavor.  Also the cheese was flavorless...come on guys, seriously?  

For the record I ate all my meat, it was a filet mignon thank god, so in spite of the botched flambeau it was edible.  ( i skipped lunch though...not sure if this played into it)

When I walked in and saw 5 out of the 30 or so table occupied at 630pm I should of known something was wrong.  This is Bell Rd at prime time dinner rush....ouch!
I doubt this place will be around much longer unless the chef and owner get serious again about the food.  Carrabas next door was packed FYI, should of gone there!!

Note:  You may disagree with my review, I understand but lets make this perfectly clear.  3 restaurants share the same parking lot as Le Chalet.  The Tuesday night I went with my family the parking lot was near capacity.  The restaurant (Indian Bistro) right adjacent was filled with people plus folks waiting for seats!  The "chain" restaurant was filled up with people and folks waiting outside!  Le Chalet had 8 people inside eating...my family made it 12 total.    

When those "trove of mediocre chain" restaurants have 500% more business than your 5 star (Yelp) restaurant something is seriously wrong....and it sure isn't the customer...
Damn, look at how many stars this place has out of 140 reviews. Nearly a 5 star rating. That's fucking phenomenal. And rightly so, as this place is truly a treasure among a trove of mediocre chain restaurants. Why on earth would you go to Carrabba's when this place is next door? First of all, cheese. Second of all, moar cheese. No seriously, if you like cheese, this is the place for you. And I. Love. Cheese. In case I was unclear earlier. If you don't like cheese, gtfo. You're dead to me. Not really, but this place is definitely all about some cheesy goodness. I ordered a savory crepe called "Roquefort". It's melted blue cheese, swiss cheese, sour cream, crushed walnuts and caramelized apples. DEAR GOD. I inhaled it. My friends both got some amazing-looking grilled cheese thing. There was cheese ON TOP of the bread. Wow! The food truly was unique, authentic and appropriately priced. I clearly enjoyed it to an extreme degree.

As for the service - great! Very friendly and inviting. The owner, Alain, was a complete sweetheart as well. He came over to our table and chatted us up. We asked him a ton of questions about his heritage and the restaurant itself. He was so genuine and kind-hearted, I could not wait to write my review about Le Chalet. And I certainly will be telling people to go there. He deserves the business, as I'd never expect such a gem of a restaurant to be located 56th Ave and Bell.

Holla
A culinary treasure and a family favorite! I have never been disappointed with the food, drink, or staff in my many visits, it has always has been a pleasure to dine here. If you are looking for something with real quality and taste, this is your place, each bite is better than the last!
Le Chalet is a quiet pleasant surprise. This restaurant is clean and cozy. The food is very good. I had a ham and cheese sandwich on a baguette .  It was very good and comes with a small side of salad with a nice balsamic dressing .  My partner has to eat gluten free foods and Le Chalet was able to accommodate her.  She ordered the chicken with grilled onions and cheese and she said it too was excellent.
The service was good as well. 
They have happy hour and entertainment on Thursdays from 3-6.

I look forward to returning to Le Chalet soon and bringing more of my friends !

Carol C
I love this little French restaurant! It's nothing fancy, more casual dining but it sure is yummy. 

I've had the La Potence twice and the 7 oz. steak, garlic butter and wild rice, and special sauces are okay for two people to share as long as you get one more side dish. The steak isn't a filet, so I feel like you're paying more for the presentation. Great date night option. The savory crepes are reasonably priced and served in big portions, we ordered the Fermiere with chicken and mushrooms, yum. I recently had the ratatouille as a side dish and it was delightful, hearty with all the veggies and sweet from the tomato sauce, topped off with melted cheese...I'm definitely getting it again. 

But by far my favorite thing on their menu is their crepes! Whichever crepe you get, you can't go wrong as long as you add the salted butter caramel sauce to it. Delish! My favorite crepe is strawberries, bananas with nutella and topped off with salted butter caramel sauce and ice cream. Drooling just thinking about it.
LOVE the swiss cheese fondue. This is a great place to stop in for a glass of wine & fondue. I have enjoyed dinner here as well. Unique and fun place.
Saturday 9/21 a group of 14 people had reservation for dinner at 7:30 P.M. 
We were seated in a few minutes.  We had very poor waiter service he did not come over to us for at least 15 minutes. Dinner was served one hour later for most guest but ours was served 15 minutes after the other people  We placed our orders two of us wrap with chipotle
IT was so hot our mouth burned, lips were on fire.  We had shared one piece of the wrap with our friend and he could not stand the fire in it.
So we final got our waiter and he looked at us like we were crazy than finally the owner came over to us and scold us like a school child [didn't we know what we were ordering].  We did not order anything else as he qualify as the rudest guy in town.
You will see this restaurant on restaurant rescue.
P.S. he charges us sir charge on the meal that we didn't eat
STAY AWAY
My husband and I love this place. The crepes are delicious, but the best thing on the menu is their cheese platter with five different French and Swiss cheeses. My favorites are the Brie and creamy goat cheese. It is so phenom! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.
Horrible, we ordered a meal which was supposed to be prepared by the chef. We were tempted to buy it because we could smell the "delicious" steak. But when the waiter brought out the rack to sear the meat on, the cook was "on break". So the waiter incorrectly prepared it herself, when the description of the meal said PREPARED BY CHEF. Such a dissapointment.
I was so excited to take my mom to this restaurant, she was visiting from out of town and we wanted to try something different. After reading the reviews on yelp we decided to give it a try. I was hoping I had found our new "regular" favorite hangout.

Our server was new and not knowledgeable about the menu. She was awkward and not very attentive. That is something I can overlook if everything else is great (which it wasn't).

We ordered the salmon blinis and the tartiflette. After 40 minutes the food still had not been served! I understand the food is unique and takes preparation but over 40 minutes without an explanation is unexeptable. I had my young son with us and he started to get antsy. I looked to where the food was coming out and sure enough our plates were just sitting there...no one around to serve them. Where was everyone? Also, let me say the place was not busy by any means, maybe 5 other tables. I overheard one of the tables next to ours saying they had waited a very long time as well. So it must have been a kitchen/chef issue.

We couldn't wait any longer so I just asked the manager to pack up our food and bring the check. We left starving. Too bad because we had really wanted to try a crepe for dessert too. 

I'm pretty bummed about the bad experience. I can't recommend Le Chalet.
There are a lot of reviews on this place ... all I can add is it's a nice addition to the over saturated Phoenix market that seems dominated by bland chain restaurants. The owner was on site when I visited and I saw him quickly handle an issue at another table. Our dinner was great.

If for no other reason than to treat your palate to a new experience, you should try this place.
Delicious!  Great service!  Who could ask for more?  The apple and salted caramel crepe is to die for...house made salted caramel sauce, definitely a must have!
We stopped in for dessert crepes after having dinner at another establishment.  The dining room was fairly empty but having read all of the positive reviews on here, we weren't deterred.  We were sat at a bar in front of the crepe station and got to watch the chef as she made savory and sweet crepes.  Everything looked amazing.  I had the salted caramel and chocolate crepe and it was phenomenal.  The portion was large enough for 2.

After watching the chef prepare other diners meals, and seeing the owner flamb cheese in a way I've never seen before, I definitely want to come back for dinner.  Hot molten cheese does it for me, every time.
Yum yum Yum nom nom nom nom, everything here is amazing.
We dine at this restaurant every Monday. We like food that much. Great Cheese Fondue and amazing Crepes. They have a great variety of dishes on the menu to fit anyone's taste. You have to try their desert Crepes...very delicious never disappointing. We have also joined them for many of their musician shows and always enjoy. The owner is there most of the time and very interactive with the customers. Tim the bartender is very entertaining if you want to eat at the bar. Scotty and the rest of the crew are friendly and always make us feel at home.
I was a little disappointed by Le Chalet. I went here to celebrate my birthday. Everyone should be aware that they do not allow outside cake. We brought my favorite cake for everyone and we weren't allowed to cut and eat it inside. All I was able to do was blow my candles out and take pictures. They did provide me a brownie and ice cream but its nothing I could really share with 15 people and I would have much rather have eaten my cake. 
Our waiter, Scotty, was kind of rude. It was hard to tell if he was either sarcastic or serious and he did not seem to be very patient with us. 
The food also took awhile and we came in on a Wednesday night, there were not that many people there. 

The place is very unique however. It mimics fondue places in Switzerland with its decorations, which I have been to. We ordered the cheese Riclette which was delicious!!! I would just come back only to eat that cheese again. They melt this huge round of it under this burner and scoop it onto your meat and potatoes. But aside from that, the rest of the food was okay. I also ordered a savory crepe and it wasn't anything to rave about. 

I think if we just had better service, I would have rated this better.
Come here for the dessert and that's about all. Spend a fortune on an average meal that no one was overly thrilled with, but the crepes were fantastic!
I was up on the west side of town training with a friend for a new p/t job I picked up, and after training was done he said lets grab some dinner, I said yes I'm ready for food, what do you have in mind, he said we are going French, Oh La La!  I was partly excited and scared at the same time, he is French with a great memory and in the past we had talked about I never having frog legs or escargot and I thought well guess I'm having that tonight :/ So we hopped into the car and off we went! Boy was I relieved to see it was a fondue/crepe house!  

It was Sat night around 7ish and the place was steady but not too busy, my friend happens to be regular and loves this place and was happy to share it with me.   We were seated, and I have to say you don't feel like you're in a typical restaurant, love the comfy feeling of the place. There are TVs over the bar area and on one of the TV's is grill from the kitchen, you can visually watch your food being cooked and droll over how great it looks and when it's done it will be at your table is just a few short minutes and you get to smell how amazing it is! That's the closest I have come to Smell O Vision for sure!  I thought it was pretty sweet watching dishes be cooked, though it did also appear as if I was not listening to my friend's conversation, but he was fully aware of the TV and told me it's ok to watch TV and talk.

I ordered the Mditerrane crepe, it had sauted sea scallops, julienne leeks, saffron sauce and Swiss cheese and came with a small mixed green salad with a mustard/honey vinaigrette on top. The savory crepes are made with buckwheat flour, and I have to say, I enjoyed it, it was crisp yet giving.  I had been craving scallops forever and these scallops did not disappoint, they were buttery creamy and mixed with the melted Swiss cheese and leeks, omg it was a party full of flavor!! So good!!! 

I just can't stay away from Nutella, if I see it on the menu, that's all I think about, that stuff is CRACK, I must have it!  So I ordered a sweet crepe, Nutella and I added banana to it, OMG it was perfectly amazing! So good!! 

The presentations of the crepes were beautiful to the eye, service was great, and can't wait to try out other savory/sweet crepes in the future!
Waiters are awesome, but the owner refused to cook my steak medium instead or raw/rare. Pretty arrogant if you ask me. Hopefully there is another restaurant in the valley.
Stopped here on a Saturday just before noon because of a coupon we had. We were greeted and seated promptly. The inside is very inviting with a lot of faux rock and wood, and a large open kitchen with a bar that you can sit at and watch as your food is prepared. There is a main dining area and another separate area as well. We chose a table in the main dining area.

We decided to order mimosas since we had just been talking about having brunch. We asked what our server recommended on the menu. Since it was her first day, she brought someone over to talk to us and answer our questions.

We decided to order the Apples and Bacon Flammenkuchen and Mediterranee Crepe. The Mimosas came out and were okay. They were a bit tart, and we asked if the orange juice was good. They checked and came back saying it was, and the tartness was because the orange juice wasn't as sweet as most.

Our food was brought out. It looked delicious. I had the Mediterranee Crepes. My first thought was wow! Then I noticed there were only four medium scallops. Okay. A bit of a let down on the number of scallops. There was a small salad on the side consisting of about a cup of spring mix with a balsamic dressing drizzled on it. The crepe was brown since it was made with buckwheat and open faced with the edges folded over. It was delicious. I enjoyed the flavors. I ate most of the Mediterranee Crepe and had a few bites of the Apples and Bacon Flammenkuchen. It was also very good.

The prices seemed a bit high but weren't bad when considering how good everything was. What made it seem overpriced were the portion sizes. I generally don't eat a lot so like smaller portions, but also, like to get what I paid for. I think most people would feel like they didn't get enough to eat. One crepe with four scallops and a side of spring mix isn't much if you're ordering for supper and are really hungry. It also seemed a bit small as far as portion size considering it was $13.00.

The service was good. There really was no one there other than a couple of tables that came in while we were ordering.

At this point, everything was favorable except for the Mimosas. We both had decided a return visit was a must. Then came the check. We were quite surprised that the Mimosas were $10.00 each. I've never paid that much for one. Sure glad we only had one each.

I had already told our server about the coupon. We reminded her about it again. Since it was on my phone, she said that she would have someone come and look at it. They did, and after a bit of a wait, our server was back with the check. At this point, we were told an eighteen percent gratuity had been added. When we asked about it, we were told by our server that she was told it was added by the owner because people with coupons usually don't tip well. We asked where it was stated that a tip would automatically be added but no one seemed to know. My friend and I both work in the service industry and usually tip twenty percent or more. I have no problem with the gratuity being added if I'm made aware of it up front. We told the server we weren't happy that this wasn't stated on the coupon or conveyed to us ahead of time.

After leaving, we decided to double check and see if we had missed the part about the gratuity being added since sometimes it is stated in the fine print. What we found is that it states the following, "tipping should be 15%-20% of the total bill before discount". Other coupons for other places stated if the gratuity would be added. 

After being insulted that they would assume that because we have a coupon we don't know how to properly tip, and then lied to about what is actually stated on the coupon, we decided we won't be going back.
This is a really neat little joint! Don't let the suburban strip mall exterior fool you. You park outside and step in, and it's a large couple of rooms with high ceilings and rustic wood rafters that great you. The waiters march around in lederhosen, and I do believe its the owner that is host, a tall gentleman with silver hair who is very earnest and attentive. 

So apparently crepes are french. I should have known this, but it somehow slipped my mind. So we have a french themed restaurant right in the middle of Arrowhead. But you know what? It was good. Really good. The crepes are made out of buckwheat flour, and are crispy on the edges and fluffy on the insides. The fillings are savory- I got the one with the smoked salmon, and my husband got what I think is the Mediterranean- it's the one with scallops and the creamy sauce. Both were to die for, and (since I'm trying to eat better) perfectly portioned. You don't feel short changed, but neither are you eating for three that evening. 

The list of cocktails was cool, with some pretty cute names, and they had some really cool belgian craft beers. My husband is a beer geek and he definitely enjoyed the idea of ordering a beer he'd never had anywhere else. 

I do feel it necessary to explain that while this place specializes in crepes, they also have fondue, and some other thing where they hang skewers of meat on a hook and sear it by dousing it with fire and alcohol tableside. Multiple people got it, and we never got tired of watching the spectacle each and every time. Definitely give it a shot, I know we will next time!

Now for the bad part (which really to me isn't all THAT bad, but I feel like it should be mentioned)- we got there on a Monday night, and they were swamped. The owner had a full dining room and maybe only two waiters running about, one of which really didn't seem to be doing much. No bus boys. So it took forever to make your order, get your drink, and then get your food. I purposely asked for dessert menus ahead of time so that I could order dessert and try to skip being forgotten by our waiter, but no luck. He forgot those too. It was enough that we pretty much didn't get any dessert for it- we were done waiting, very honestly. It was a bit of a bummer. Not enough to keep me from giving this place a thumbs up, nor to keep me from going back, but... a bummer nonetheless.
Le Chalet was super good.  The crepes are varied & filled with yummy deliciousness. And to top it off the waiter was oober cute.
This place was amazing from the food, atmosphere and service! I would highly recommend trying it out. We will definitely be back!!!
This review isn't fair. I wanted to let you know from the beginning. I came here for a large party (40+ people). I know that this experience is going to be very different than coming here for dinner, so this review is only for an experience having a party here. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it is very kitschy and has a lot of Swiss decor. We had the whole bar room for the party and the set up was nice. The appetizers they served were alright (I only tried the bacon pizza type thing...it was ok, a little odd and a little cold...but that's often how things go at a large function). The first big debacle was the drink situation. They had 3 or so bartenders but they didn't have water out on the table or people coming around to bring drinks so the bartenders were SLAMMED. Even if you only wanted water you had to wait for a long time. Why not put out glasses of water and pitchers (maybe one of tea and one of water?) ? This would have reduced the wait and put less stress on these poor bartender ladies and made the whole experience more pleasurable. Anyway, the food came out slooowly (again, a byproduct of a large party). They brought out plates with several sauces, but no explanation of what the sauces were. Then awhile later they brought out a dish of sweet potato fries...were we supposed to dip in the sauces? I dunno. Then some salads, but not enough for the whole table...looked individual, but I guess they were for sharing. We were all really hoping for some clarification on what any of these things were, but did not receive any. Then they brought out the raw meat, chicken and steak, and actually explained cook times for them and warned not to use the metal pitchfork cooking apparatus to eat the meat, as it might burn your mouth. Got it. The cook times they gave us were a little under the necessary times, but I understand that it is not always consistent. The meat was good, the method of cooking it was far better than the melting pot.... forget broth, they had oil. This made the meat come out more tender, which I liked. The only bad part was all the smoke....got really smokey in there after awhile. Oh, and that this made the owner (manager?) stress out a lot (as is to be expected) with carrying the hot oil between the tables and someone tried to pick up the oil, which I think just about gave him a heart attack...poor guy. After we were done with the meat, they served dessert, which was an assortment of fruits and whatnot with a chocolate fountain. The chocolate was kind of cold... more like a hershey's chocolate sauce than a fondue chocolate, so it wasn't amazing, but it was fine. This was a very cool idea for a party; however, I don't think they are completely ready for a party this size. Maybe stick with coming here for just dinner. I would definitely try it again in that capacity.
I have to say after reading some of these negitive reviews im shocked. The wait staff were extreamly pleasant. I went with my niece and nephew who are both under 6 years old and the staff was as friendly as can be. 

As far as the food I was shocked at how good it was (we had inteneded to dine at the I ndian reasturant next door but they were closed).  I had the hanging man (steak cooked table side) and thought it was delicouse. My mother being gluten intolerant was very excited that almost the entire menu was glutten free, and my picky niece and nephew enjoyed eating off all of our plates. And for the grown ups the beer was awesome. 

This place is perfect for a date night and i plan on returning often.
Saw some mixed reviews but still took my parents there for mom's birthday.  It was delightful.  Out waiter was a little dry but I appreciated his sense of humor and who cares the food was the star.  I am very pleased to have this little unique restaurant in Glendale.  The dcor was adorable.  I ordered the tratiflette.  It was super rich in a good way and an absolute comfort food.  I could not finish it and took the rest home to devour the next day. My parents had the La Potence and commented it was some of the best steak they had ever had.  I will be a return customer no doubt
Let me preface this review by saying that we came here with a high level of enthusiasm, very open minds, and no prior experience with Swiss cuisine.  Which is how the restaurant was presented on "Check Please, Arizona."  So we were positive at the outset.  

Unfortunately, our entire experience here was akin to sitting through a 0-star movie simply for the stubborn fact that we'd paid admission and wanted to see how it ended (although we couldn't wait for that end to arrive).

Very nice, welcoming interior.  Service was . . . disinterested?  Not horrendous, not good, not passable, just . . . bleh?

Arrived at 1 PM on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty.  Ordered quickly--and the food took 35 minutes to arrive.  This was disappointing . . . and I will further expound on this later in the review.

Flammenkuchen:  never had this before, so can't say if it is "genuine" or not, but it really wasn't anything spectacular.  Just kind of a doughy pizza with apples and bacon on top rather than cheese and sauce.  It was tasty . . . but really not something I'd like to eat again.  Certainly not a dish that brought the house down.

Dessert Crepes:  they were OK.  Not the best I've ever had, but they were tasty and we didn't leave anything behind.

Sweet Potato Fries:  again, OK.  Not the worst I've ever had, but certainly not meriting the gushing review given them on "Check Please."

The most frustrating/disappointing part of this whole ordeal was the La Bressane.  The waiter attempted to explain what this was to me when I ordered, but he certainly did not do justice to the most ludicrous dining experience I've ever been exposed to in my entire life.  He brought out a pot of hot oil, a burner, a plate with ~4 ounces of various dipping sauces, a bowl of bread crumbs, some skewers, and a 7-oz chicken breast cut into 20 or so pieces.  His explanation:  skewer the chicken, roll in bread crumbs, cook in the oil for 30-60 seconds, dip in sauce, eat, repeat.  OK.  Sounds great in theory.

This, of course, begs the question of why, if all the chef had to do was cut a chicken breast into 20+ pieces, did it take 35 minutes for my food to arrive after ordering?

Well, it turns out that 30-60 seconds in the oil leaves the chicken raw.  Actually takes 3-5 minutes for each piece to cook.  Which meant that I had to fight with this pot of boiling oil for over 90 MINUTES in order to successfully consume 7 ounces of chicken.  As I was so ravenous, I kept burning my mouth with the chicken which, I discovered, when soaked in boiling oil for 3-5 minutes takes forever to cool to eating temperature.

About halfway through this enraging process, I discovered that my cooking oil was disappearing.  Of course it was--it was soaking into the chicken, which was then being transferred to my stomach.  So the last half of the meal took almost twice as long to cook as the first half did, as I was depleting my "cooking medium."

I have observed animal behavior experiments in college where lab rats had to work less for their food than I did for this meal.  

And then, for the rest of the day, after ingesting at least a cup's worth of cooking oil I was rewarded with some of the most noxious intestinal fumes I have ever smelled.  Couple that with 6 hours of diarrhea the following day and the tale is complete.

But . . . not quite.  $60 (2 people, no drinks) and 2 hours wasted on this ridiculously laughable dining experience.  Not sure how that price can be considered fair . . . since I, Joe Schmoe, basically COOKED MY OWN MEAL!

Maybe mine was an isolated experience, but the food, service, and ambiance were not such that I will waste that amount of time, money, and energy on Le Chalet ever again.

PS:  I see a lot of reviews here stating they serve "French cuisine."  I was led to believe that it was Swiss.  It was certainly nothing like any of the other French restaurants I have frequented in 3 different countries (not France).  Unless it mimics a specific "region" in France?
Best food in town! This place blows The Melting Pot out of the water. The servers are fantastic and really provide a personal experience. If you live here or just visiting, Le Chalet is a must.
Crepes were amazing, really really good. Nice little spot on 59th ave and bell.

Good selection of French style food and wraps.

Service was meh. Tried to get us to leave really fast. The usual line: "here's your receipt, but don't rush" comes back a few minutes later, is the receipt ready?" really ?
Don't let the strip mall location fool you, Le Chalet has some seriously good food! They serve swiss/french specialities, think Crepes and fondu! The interior isn't anything to write home about, but really who cares when you have food as good as they do! 
Their beer sampler is insane. A few of the standouts through out the night was their Table Side French Raclette which is a plate served with 4 different kinds of cold cuts with a basket of steamed potatoes, but the best part of the whole entree was the fact that they served it with this amazing cheese they melted table side! So yummy! The Hanging Man which is another one of their house specialties. Beef Tenderloin served flameed  table side with rice and several dipping sauces. All of their Crepes were to die for as well.  Portions were huge and big enough to share and prices weren't too outrageous. 
Worth a trip if your looking for something different.
If you are looking for a cheaper version of "Melting Pot" and a fondue restaurant, Le Chalet has great varieties of food to check. It's also nearby the Arrowhead Mall which is a convenient location. 

A friendly, a college, and a date oriented setting, Le Chalet has one of the best caramel and chocolate fondues shared with friends. Beware of the price though!
For March's International Supper Club UYE #ISCUYE, Le Chalet was the place that was picked, and I was pretty excited to go. I love me some crepes! 

For me, this wasn't my 1st time here, but I was just as thrilled, after looking over the menu I went with Savoyarde, it was sauted potatoes & onions, bacon with melted raclette cheese and black pepper in a buckwheat crepe, let me tell you, the potatoes, cheese, onions and bacon are a marvelous combo, this crepe was delish!

For desert I again ordered a Nutella & Banana crepe, Nutella is crack, I just can't get enough of it, and put it with banana inside a crepe so so good.

Service was good, just a little slow, but I understand we were a group of 12 to14, but they were very friendly and helpful, so really I didn't mind too much, gave me time to socialize with the group.

I really like Le Chalet, wish it was closer and look forward to coming back!
I came here with the International Supper Club. This will probably be my last one for awhile but I sure went out with a bang. I remember seeing pictures of this place with it's cave like stage but didn't know this was that place. I am very glad I decided to go.
Always great company with the ISC and the food was very good too. I have had a crepe or two before but I have never had Ratatouille. As soon as I saw the Ratatouille crepe on the menu I knew that was what I was going to have. I will admit that ever since I saw the Pixar movie I have wanted to try Ratatouille.
I was a great choice. It was very good and the waffle fries I got with it were awesome. They looked like potato chips but tasted like fries when you bit into them. I was blown away. Expecting one taste and getting something completely different but still good. Best idea anyone ever had ever. I also got the big boot of beer. That was a lot of fun to drink. Nice Glass shaped just like a boot.
Then it was desert time. I got the Triple Chocolate crepe. That was so good too but alas I could not finish it. Between the Ratatouille and the beer I was full.
It was so good. So was the company. As usual. Thanks to Monica O and Ursula D for setting this up. They always pick the best places. I will definitely be back here again. Oui oui!!
Not sure how this one does well. Possibly the worst steak I've ever eaten and my wife's was just as bad. Keep in mind, I've eaten steak at IHOP. Very tough and super salty. Cheese fondue was nothing to write home about either. The crepes were good, but it's hard to mess up chocolate and sugar. 

I won't return.
For March 2014, the International Supper Club UYE dined at this establishment.  I was happy to try out the place because I had heard some nice things about it.   

I ordered the Fresh Cold Cuts and Cheese plate to share with the group.  This was a fine appetizer that was good for sharing and passing among the Yelpers seated at the table.  For dinner I ordered the Mount St. Michel.   Unfortunately, this wrap was equally unappealing to my eyes as it was to my taste buds.  I ate about a third of it and tossed the rest.  I took photos of it, but I think it would be unfair to the restaurant to post them.  I might change my mind later.  Tom S talked about the pictures so bad, I felt horrible for taking it.  I did not order a desert. 

 I was happy, but not impressed, with the group experience.  We were seated in the second dining room with the stage.  I believe on certain nights, the restaurant has live performances, so check their website if you are interested.  There were about 16 of us that night with one server to take all of our orders.  That seemed to prolong the ordering process and the service was a little slow.  I suppose we were served in a fairly timely manner, nevertheless.  With the size of our groups, I tend to be a little more tolerant of slow service.  BUT, 1 server?

My return factor for Le Chalet is about 10%.
WOW, so glad we were in the area & saw this fondue place! Feeling famished after running errands all over town, decided 2 give them a try & so glad we did (esp after walking out of a Melting Pot in Scottsdale which will b a l8er review). Passing this place on the road, we wouldn't have thought it was a restaurant if it weren't 4 the fondue banner so Yay 4 that!

   Upon entering, we took in the ambiance which felt welcoming & a combin8ion of intim8, romantic but yet casual setting @ the same time. We really like places that have that nice upscale feel without having 2 feel out of place if not dressed up. We opted 2 sit on the more casual looking side near the open kitchen area (the other section of the interior 2 the right as ur entering was even nicer so we'll opt 4 that side sometime when dressed up a li'l more than what we were wearing 4 running errands out in the heat).

   We sat @ a table that had a connected booth on 1 side & chairs on the other (interesting 2 have either choice @ same table, esp 4 those w/ back issues) while taking in all the offerings on their extensive lunch menu. After much deliber8ion we finally made our selections of Roquefort 6" Flammenkuchen & the Mont St Michel Crepe Wrap 4 appetizers, the Alaskan smoked salmon blinis salad, Mediterranee Sea Scallops w/ Leeks & Saffron sauce 4 our entrees complete w/ a side of sweet potato fries, & a decadent Salted Butter Caramel crepe & Crepe Williams w/ pears 4 dessert. Me thinks we died cuz EVERYTHING couldn't have been more HEAVENLY!!!

   Service was Exceptional in every way from the pleasant hostess who greeted/seated us 2 our 1derful on~the~ball w8tress who never inquired about refills cuz she made sure they never got close 2 empty. We even made friends w/ an older out~of~town couple from Prescott who l8r sat next 2 us as we exchanged... Ooh, what's that ur having? I'm sure this place hears that a lot!!

   So if Amazingly complimentary flavors & textures w/ perfect seasonings & gooey forbidden delights is ur palate's fancy, this is Defin8ly a go~2 place & our taste~buds can't w8 2 return 4 more @ our soonest opportunity ~ they were certainly thanking us that wk~end... A new Fave!!
One of my favorite places to eat in the chain-restaurant laden Glendale area. The Bergere crepe is my go-to order and the balsamic vinagrette dressing with the side salad is very good. My husband always gets the La Potence ( aka the hanging man) and has never been disappointed with the quality of the meat and the side sauces are great. Desert is a must, so make sure you save room. The staff is always polite, prompt and full of suggestions if you can't decide on a meal or drink. The only improvement I would make is a larger wine selection by the glass, but still a full menu and wine list that will not disappoint!
Pricey for what you get, but delicious. I wish they would allow you to order meat at the temp you want it. That's good customer service. If they would let you get it like you want it,  4 stars all the way.
I gave it 1star because the service was good. We went to Comedy night.
We ordered crepe desserts. Crepes are supposed to be lightly browned, light & fluffy.
We got undercooked, hard & doughy. TERRIBLE. I then ordered a peach sorbet, it came in peach solidly frozen. Waitress stated I had to wait for it to defrost. I told her I didn't want to wait an hour for it to defrost & take it back

The comics were worse than the food. We ran out of there after 3 comics

I recommend you will have a better time if you spend the $10 cover charge on a car wash, and sitting thru it, instead of the comedy show.

Where are Gordon Ramsey or Robert Irvine when this place is in such need. I believe the owner is clueless.
Amazing, would (and do) recommend to everyone!!!! If you want to try new things go here!
My sister and I went here for dinner and didn't expect it to be so divine. Service was awesome food was even better steak and Crepes are def the way to go! I loved the way they served the steak we order they cooked it right in front of us and it came with a bunch of different dipping sauces all f which were delicious . I highly recommend this place !
Great food and service! To be fair, it was dead and it didn't seem like the employees had much else to do...but hey I'll take it. We ordered the house special Le Potence and it was delicious! We have never had French food before so it was a fantastic experience. The Brie was great as well. We ended the night with some yummy chocolate fondue. Overall great experience!
In recent years Las Vegas has seen various forms of 'Gastro-Pub' appear here and there around town. 'Herb's and Rye' over on Sahara and Valley View,  'Todd English P.U.B.', at the Crystals Shopping with Aria and more recently 'Public House' at The Venetian. All offer a dining experience with lots of great food, great mixed cocktails and most with an extensive beer list. The food offerings are all similar with fresh shellfish at many,  braised and pickled meats, and often rich delicious dessert items. 

Enter Culinary Dropout.  Described as a Gastro Pub with 'Amp'd Up Food Fare', the newest addition to the pub scene also includes some pretty amazing classic style cocktails, as well as some more original bar offerings, and a tasty wine list. 

Among my favorite - the "Smashed Irishmen' a concoction of Guinness, Jameson Irish Whiskey , Honey and Mint.. It's sweet and in my opinion, delicious is  truly an understatement. To go along with that, I had one of the most perfect Old Fashion Cocktails that I have ever experienced, finished with Luxardo Cherries and Fresh Orange.. I know, I know.. mixing liquor can be dangerous.. but seriously fun! 

The food menu is just as varied. An antipasti menu with a superior selection of cheeses, cured meats and vegetables, as well as some very 'comfort-food' style selections. There is a delicious Fried Chicken with Fresh Buttermilk Biscuits,  Pan Seared  Trout with an Almond Butter Sauce, and even a version Panag-Style Chicken Curry with Potatoes. For the slightly more foodie adventurous, Id say to give the Jambalaya shot.. House Made Andouille Sausage, Shrimp and Chicken.. with Pablano Peppers.. sure to set your mouth on fire. 

For dessert.. I'd have to say the Salted Caramel Custard topped with fresh Caramel Popcorn is my absolute favorite, but the Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart comes in close second. 

Whatever you end up with, Culinary Dropout has a nice hold on the idea of a place really being fun. Live music, great scenery and quality food and drink. You will find me here often I think. Happy Eating!
Was lucky to be able to attend a Pre-Opening event supporting our Local Boys & Girls Club. 
Props to the management for:
What seemed like a well trained and knowledgeable staff
Having the staff try everything on the menu so they could recommend knowledgeably (as told by the waitress)
Supporting a GREAT local charity to build brand awareness prior to opening.

We tried the pretzels. They were good but I would have preferred a smaller bite (hard not to double dip being that large) and not sure I fancy provolone. We asked for mustard.
We shared the fried chicken and the Beef Stroganoff.  The coleslaw on the chicken plate was surprisingly scrumptious. 
We had a amazing peanut Butter & Chocolate tar with fresh cream
Oh and their Coffee (passport organic we were told) was very yummy.

Cool vibe, great music, great dcor, great staff and fun place. Not sure if the food tickled my taste buds enough to return but if I had a lot of younger friends to entertain I might consider taking them there.
Yumm! I was fortunate to be invited to their VIP soft opening last night. Sam, the owner was so sweet and comped the girls and I an amazing meal and drinks! Thank you Sam! ;) I will upload a pic.

Their cocktail menu is fun and varied! I forgot the name of my cocktail but it was made with champagne and ginger, delish!

We unleashed our inner fat girls, and at Sam's recommendation, ordered a variety of menu items:

Raw Bar:
-Oysters
-Black mussels
-King Crab Legs

Appetizers:
-Artichoke
-Pretzel bread and cheese fondue
-Gorgonzola chicken salad

Entrees:
-Salmon with apples
-Rainbow trout
-36 hour ribs

Dessert:
-Apple Monkey Bread

WOW everything so good!! My favorite bites were the selections from the raw bar, especially the black mussles, the broth was so flavorful! I also really liked the 36 hour ribs, the sauce was so rich and delicious.

That said, I think the best bite of the night was the apple monkey bread. It came in a cast iron skillet with a scoop of ice cream on the side. If your favorite cinnamon roll and your favorite bread pudding had a love child, it would be Culinary Dropout's apple monkey bread!

Service was fantastic, we had numerous waiters and staff being very attentive to us.

I can't wait to come back, thank you again for treating us so well Sam! xoxo
First the good - the dcor and service were great. The $12 pretzel bread with provolone fondue was heavenly (I would have preferred cinnamon sugar as a dip, or maybe in addition to the fondu, but that's being too critical maybe). For entree, I ordered the vegetable chopped salad. It came out looking delicious, but it was totally bland (maybe a different dressing would have helped?). The pretzel bread was this place's saving grace. The bill was $50 for waters, two entrees (burger and salad) and the pretzel bread. Waaaay overpriced for a pub. I will not be going back.
We went to culinary drop out and enjoyed our meal. We had the jambalaya, beef stroganoff, chicken curry, fish and chips & a side of bread. 
Our friend ordered a salad & it came with no croutons....he needed carb crunch in his life. He asked our waitress and they made him fresh croutons. It did take a long minute BUT well worth the wait....THEY WERE YUMMY!!! Yup we all had to try one. We were all happy with our food. The chicken curry came with this magnificent sauce so that's when we ordered a side of bread to dip with.... DELISH!!! 
I would highly recommend the curry chicken I think that was the best plate of the evening & don't forget the bread.
There is indoor & outdoor seating and we loved the decor. Our waitress was sweet but a little slow. I do feel the place was a bit pricey for what you get.
Overall I would give this place a 3.5 but cant figure out how to do 1/2 a star! lol
I went here for the first time.  All I have to say is "Wow!"  This place from the decor to the food just blew me away.  The place has such a homey feel to it that my wife and I enjoyed it right off the bat.

We had the pretzel and provolone cheese dip for an appetizer.  This thing was just phenomenal.  The pretzel, seasoned with sea salt, comes out with a nice provolone dip.  The pretzel was great with or without the dip.  

We had the Korean Ribeye Cap.  This thing blew my wife and me away.  The meat was so tender and juicy.  They cooked this thing where everything was perfect.  The spice, the vegetables, the seasoning, the meat; everything came together for a perfect blend.  This is the one thing I would recommend everyone trying.

For dessert we had the monkey bread.  Like someone else already posted if you wanted a bread pudding mixed with your favorite cinnamon roll this would be it.

Everything is great, the price is reasonable (especially considering this is Vegas), the waiters are very attentive, and the cooks are great.

Like I said this has become a staple visit every time I come out to Vegas.
I was completely impressed by their spread and prices for ambience!  Such a great venue and restaurant concept.. Modern, fun, delicious and worth every cent!  Must try's:  rainbow trout, salmon and king crab legs... For dessert:  caramel custard and monkey bread.  

Definitely my new crave in Vegas!
Delicious food with a twist! - Yes it's in the hard rock so it not easily accessible to locals but it worth the drive. Prices aren't' that bad and great decor and ambiance.
Culinary is a dope spot! Food is great! Space is cool. Please put one right next to my house please. Stay away from the fries. Theyre too delicious.
I've gone to the Scottsdale location for a few years each time I go down to visit for spring training.  So, when I heard that Fox Restaurants was opening a Culinary Dropout in Vegas, I was very excited.

Fun atmosphere, with great natural light as both the bar and restaurant open up to the patio to overlook the pool at the Hard Rock.   Food seems to be right on par from the Scottsdale store - pretzel bread fondue, fried chicken and pork belly cubano, taste just like I remember - great flavor, good portions and good value.  Beer menu and cocktail menu is top ten on the strip (if you want to put Hard Rock on the "Strip").  I sat at the bar to watch some Sunday Football, our bartender was very friendly and it was good to see she had her bartending skills honed - technique looked sound and she makes a good crafted cocktail.  Thank god she served us, as another bartender came in later and she seemed to be to wrapped around her nails, her looks and some other bartender rather than serving any of the guests.  

If only this was a neighborhood restaurant located at the District in Green Valley, I'd be a permanent fixture...  But I look forward to going back soon!  Sam, thanks for bringing Vegas a concept we have been lacking for way too long - next time, bring it to my neighborhood.  :)
Eh...not good...but not bad.  Just ok and the onion soup was bad.  How can you mess up a simple french onion soup?

The fried chicken was good, but overly sweet-fried chicken should not be sweet even if its called maple fried chicken.

Shared many apps/salads among friends and they were ok.

If you are staying at the Hard Rock its worth a lunch or early dinner, but nothing more.
I've never been a huge fan of the Hard Rock's dining options in the past.  I don't necessarily dislike any of them, but other than Nobu none of them have ever struck a chord with me and made me want to do several repeat visits or instilled any sort of cravings deep within, and I can't really afford to blow half a paycheck on sushi on a whim so half the time I end up down the street at Firefly before a concert.  

In planning to see Fiona Apple last night I was excited to try Culinary Dropout from it's positive reviews and creative menu.  Upon arrival I stupidly hadn't thought to make reservations and there was a 45 minute wait.   The hostesses were kind enough to let us know that bar seating was available and we had a seat long these long wooden tables with stools.  I found them comfortable as far as stools go (I typically prefer backs and armrests on chairs #chairsnob), my dining partner that evening found them uncomfortable as the feet rests near the bottom of the stool were set too low for her shorter legs.  The pains of being less than 6 feet tall I guess.  

We started by ordering some small plates of cured olives and grilled asparagus, as well as some jack and cokes (though some of the custom made cocktails sounded delicious, I'm generally opposed to spending $12 per drink unless it's a last resort or I'm only planning on having 1 or 2, which is pretty much never).   The olives were as expected, and the grilled asparagus which was served chilled with sea salt were very tasty and worth the $4.  Our first order of jack and cokes arrived with what seemed like nearly flat coke.  I'm not one for complaining unless something is egregious so we sucked them up literally and figuratively and let the waitress know for our second order and she very nicely and graciously went to the 2nd bar area for the next round and they were fine (and strong!)  

For entrees I tried the Pork Cubano sandwich which comes with a side of fries.  My companion ordered the Bistro steak.  Upon arrival I was a little disappointed in the look of both meals.  The steak was quite possibly the smallest steak I'd ever seen on a plate, though to be fair my companion was fine with the size and didn't even finish it (note:  women.  smh) The cuban was on some sort of regular sliced bread and not on a roll of cuban bread as I expected.  That chapter on cubans must have been after the drop date.  The usage of pork belly instead of a typical sliced ham was interesting, and the flavor of the meat itself and the melted swiss was good, but I did expect more out of it upon ordering.   I thought the pickles were too much on the sweet side and I prefer a more sour pickle with a cuban.  The fries were pretty standard, and the sea salt helped those out tremendously (as sea salt tends to do).  Naturally I cleaned my plate despite any flaws, so it wasn't bad, just slightly disappointing.

On an extremely positive note, our server (Dominique?  That's what the receipt says for Cashier) was fantastic.  Eager to explain the menu, checked on us throughout the meal and was efficient throughout.  

Next time I'd definitely try the Pretzel Bites and a specialty cocktail (or 3), but for now the Hard Rock dining legacy continues for me.
Stopped in for a drink on Friday this weekend and was extremely pleased!
Customer service was great, Bex, was very accommodating and suggested delicious olives and nuts as aps- tried their pineapple Pisco Sour- delish :)
Due to the great experience that I had on Friday, went back for dinner on Sat. This time I tried the oysters, king crab legs and steak.  All were amazing and again the customer service provided bu Bex was outstanding again.
No doubt I'll stop in there next time I'm in Vegas again!
Wonderful relaxed atmosphere at the Hard Rock with live music, outstanding service at the bar, excellent food and drink selections. Located next to pool area. Friendly staff and other customers and affordable menu. Great draft beer selection and burgers.
Located inside the hip Hard Rock Hotel (HRH) and next to the oh so famous Mr. Lucky is this new joint call Culinary Dropout. New to Vegas and ready to be discovered. By the name, I am assuming it's a bunch of great chefs getting together to build a culinary creation without the political bs. Let's get cooking has to be their motto.

Why am I so excited about this? Because when we first arrived, there's a line to get in! This has to be a good sign. I'm always stoked to support local chefs with creative minds and energy. It's probably the best kind of food when chefs are able to do what they want and how. The food always seem to speak to you. We have a show to catch and we decided to opt for the bar. Sitting at the bar at any restaurant had proven to be the fastest, or so we thought. This was the beginning to many mistakes to come.

As we sat there, I noticed how awesome the inside of this restaurant is. Patio seating, bar seating, open kitchen and so laid back. I'm more excited at this point that I don't realized time is kind of flying by. The staff is dressed in fun outfits to express their own unique styles. It's cool, until you need help and can't differentiate who is who. Manger? nonexistence. We sat by the bar in the lounge area and at no point did I see anyone that acted or even resembled a manager. I get that this place wants to play outside the school yard but there really should be a managerial presence for the guests. 

After placing our orders, its time to kick back and enjoy the night. Here's what's on our menu for tonight.

1st course: Shrimp cocktail and french onion soup.
You can't go wrong with the shrimp cocktail as an appetizer. We saw them on the way in. These big pink shrimp, more like prawns, were delicious. Really clean flavor and simple, served with mayo and cocktail sauce. Soup? Ha! I never got to try it because it came after my entree, in which I sent back. Not to be a brat but who serves soup after the entrees have arrived? Really?


2nd course: Turkey pastrami and fried chicken
I was told to try these two items and both were good. The turkey pastrami was served on pretzel bread, which seem a little staled and too salty. The overall dish was just okay. It read better than it actually was. It was a cheat day for me and I had to try the fried chicken. When it came out, it was mouth watering. It was golden brown and piping hot. My kind of chicken. This dish was actually pretty good. The batter was again a little too salty but the overall concept was great. Crispy and seasoned on the outside and moist chicken on the inside. It was served with mashed potatoes, corn biscuits and coleslaw. The mash potatoes were creamy and very suitable with fried chicken. Same with the biscuits. However, the coleslaw, someone please pull it off the menu. It was watery and over dressed with this vinegar taste. It was not appetizing whatsoever. 

3rd course: Brioche dessert. This course never happened for us because we barely had time to eat our main dishes.

I can't express how disappointed I was with this place. Everything there was so unorganized. Our server was completely untrained. He had no idea on how to manage his time. Stop running to the back for one thing at a time. It took 20 MINUTES for shrimp cocktails and 35 MINUTES for soup to come. How is this possible? Both of these items are already prepared. Our server kept telling us he was going to check up on our food but as I looked around, people who came way after us has gotten their appetizers before us. Either he's lying or chef really hates him enough to mess up his food orders. 

It wasn't just our server that was clueless. The "food runners" were clueless too. We kept getting girls coming to our table and wanting to drop off appetizers. Do you not know where the tables are? Or can you not read? I don't know what is going on with this place but if they keep up their way of service, this place will definitely DROP OUT of the food scene. Get your gears together and organize. 

I probably won't be coming back to this place for another 3 or 4 months, assuming they'll still be there. I want to love this place because it is set up really well and the food was good and the atmosphere was super fun and young. I wish they would clean up and manage the staff better. Just because your place has the word dropout doesn't mean you need to hire dropouts.
Gastropub - my definition is nice fatty fat fat bar food that usually can't disappoint, but we were not only NOT disappointed, but very impressed.  According to their website, Culinary Dropout is a gastropub created by Fox Restaurant Concepts.  The first time I encountered a Fox restaurant was in Tucson, AZ with Wildflower and it was amazing.  Food was fresh.  Flavors were well-rounded and the decor and staff were very attractive.  =)  Our experience with Culinary Dropout Las Vegas proved to be product of the brains behind Fox.  Though a different type of restaurant all together, all the details similar to my experience at Wildflower came together.  The service was impeccable (waters filled constantly, all staff checking on you, very smartly dressed in hobo chic for girls and vests for guys).  The food was fatty, delicious and well thought out.  The decor was romantic, whimsical and relaxing, so much so that I felt like I was in an episode of The Hills reality show.  Definitely a date night place or nice cozy hang out with your friends.

Foood.
1.  Soft Pretzels with Provolone Fondue - Usually not a fan of pretzels, but theses lil' guys were fluffy and perfectly salted and hard to resist once dipped in the warm pot of cheese.
2.  Grilled Cheese Sliders with bacon and tomato - Baby sliders!  Just as tasty as they were cute.
3.  Jambalaya - Well rounded, robust and perfectly sauce.  Best jambalaya yet? oooo
4.  Fried Chicken with honey biscuits, potatoes and gravy - Nothing can beat fried chicken at Ad Hoc in Napa, but this chicken platter had it's own character.  The breading was delicate, light and uniquely seasoned (cumin, my friend Tina says?).  The honey biscuits were slightly sweet and fluffy; I totally commandeered the rest of said friend's biscuits.
5.  The Pub Burger with havarti, bacon and house bbq sauce - Big burger = Big flavor.  Nice moist burger patty with sweet smokey bbq sauce.
6.  Monkey Bread - Ooey gooey, warm and comforting

Conclusion:  I'm coming back to hang out when I want feel trendy and eat well.

p.s.  For the HGTV addicts, we saw Antonio Ballatore and got a picture with him!
I go to the Hard Rock almost every time I'm in Vegas and it feels like this spot is a different restaurant each time I'm there. Finally they put a restaurant there that's reasonably priced and the food is amazing. We went on Saturday during brunch and their capn crunch french toast is really good. I hope they are still there next time I go to Vegas so that I can try their other menu items and they cocktails because everything sounded so good.
Restaurant? or Modeling Agency?

About 5 of my buddies and grabbed an early dinner at Culinary Dropout this past weekend. From the hostess to the janitor, everyone in this joint was freaking beautiful. What does this have to do with quality food or service? NOTHING. But its just a fact everyone should know. Boom!

I actually ordered a couple things: Fish N Chips, Grilled Cheese, and The Turkey Pastrami. Without going into details, the Fish N Chips were ridiculously small and the Grilled Cheese was elementary. However, the Turkey Pastrami was incredible. It wasn't as greasy as the usual pastrami and tasty as hell! 

Did I mention the employees? No, besides the fact that they were goddesses, the service was fantastic. I like to ask a waitress how something [that sounds gross] tastes. I wanna test their integrity. I love it when they say, "Don't order that." And that they did! I like honesty. Makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside. 

I'd go back. Obviously.
I love this place.  They have fun food like grilled cheese and tomato soup, salads, pasta, sandwiches.

Here's the reasons why
1) open floor plan w/ massive garage doors that open to the outside world
2) outside seating w/ fire pits
3) tasty and reasonably priced feel-good food [all meals are under $20]
4) attentive staff
5) LIVE music
6) chandeliers & comfy seating
7) raw bar and antipasto menu
8) Big Bar with bar seating

Totally going back. I went with some friends and one has already been back.
This is a great spot to get drinks and food during the day.  It has great indoor/outdoor seating at the bar and tables.  You can hear the music from Rehab it's a good time!
Might be our best meal in Vegas YET! My wife and I ate here at 5pm right before going to a concert at the Joint. Was perfect. In and out in just under an hour. Atmosphere is really slick. Feels like fine dining but without all the pretense that can get old after being in Vegas for a week. 

I would recommend sitting inside. If it's available, the tables that have the leather sofa on one side and a living-room-style padded arm chair on the other side are awesome. You can watch the guys on the line and the wait staff at the pass. Love that they're all in plain clothes and while being very professional, also, being very approachable. 

So for the food...
We started with the Warm Pretzel fondue appetizer. HIGHLY recommend. Especially if you're going to get a burger, because you can use the leftover cheese for your fries! I ordered the Pub Burger which had bacon, havarti & BBQ sauce. SO good. Bun was so fresh and had a great crust on it. Almost like a pretzel as well, but not too hard. Cooked to a PERFECT medium. Was very pleased. Fries weren't much to get excited about, but when using that Cheese fondue, they became amazing. 
My wife had the Beef Stroganoff. It was A+. Beef was so lean and mushrooms were delicious. I love that on the menu they straight-up say "Frozen Peas". HA! Again, NO pretense. 

For drinks, I had a Batch 19 Pre Prohibition style lager & my wife had a Smashed Irishman cocktail that she thoroughly enjoyed. I loved that their cocktail menu had silhouette pictures of the style of cup it would come in. They are also sorted into themed pages where each offering on the page is the same price. Very handy.

Didn't save room or time for desert, but the Peanut Butter Chocolate something or other will be on the menu when we make it back next vist to Las Vegas.
This place is a real breath of fresh air for the HRH, who really needed something new in the food department.
Don't get me wrong, 35 and Nobu are both amazing restaurants if you want to drop some coin, and Mr Luckys is great for simple diner fare, but there was nothing really in between.
Now there is. 
Dropout has a really innovative menu, with lots of delicious and creative choices and preparations. They opened about a month ago, and since I work conveniently nearby, we have eaten there at least half a dozen times so far. 
Highlights include the raw bar, the antipasti menu, and the indoor/outdoor seating.
Well done HRH.
The only downsides so far has been the live acoustic music, which is hit or miss and always way too loud. (Hint: sit outside to avoid this)
And 2 separate times I got shrimp (Huge shrimp, sold by the piece) and they were a bit pasty on the outside, as if they were starting to turn, but the staff was quick to replace them.
So 1-star off for funky shrimp, but I do love this place.
This place is great! It has a great atmosphere, attentive/friendly staff, and most importantly, awesome food! The pretzel and cheese fondue appetizer is a must! That cheese was so yummy, I couldn't stop eating it (and had to order another round because I felt bad that I ate most of it). Also, the fried chicken is probably the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Actually, scratch out "probably"....it definitely was!

Note that I also discovered that fried chicken and champagne compliment each other very well! Or at least at this place anyway.
so, we were here about a month ago and had probably one of the worst experiences at any restaurant. However, we came back and had a much better experience. 

First of all, we like to thank Mike for inviting us back so we can give this new place a second chance. Secondly, thank you to Alyssa and Erica for making our experience that much better than the first.

Alyssa really knew her food knowledge and was really great at checking up on us. Erica came back several times to make sure we were enjoying ourselves and even the food runners knew where to drop off food, which was a challenge for them the last time we were here. Overall, we had a great time and are definitely making this place a go to spot.

Now, on to more important business, the food. Here's the break down:

1st course: Pretzel and cheese fondue and burrata. You can't go wrong with cheese and pretzels, especially when its fondue. Warm pretzel and cheese, definitely a plus. This app is also great for sharing if you're here with a big group. Burrata, OMG! We've had burrata served all sorts of way but it's definitely the best here. Served with toasty bread and chimichurri, what a combination. It's a little sweet and salty and the burrata adds this creamy and cool element, you have to try this when you're here. This is the perfect deconstruction of a caprese salad.

2nd course: Rainbow trout and the Ribeye cap. Rainbow trouts don't  get enough credits if you ask me. This mild white fish is perfect for grilling and pairing with some intense flavors. Here, it is served with some green beans and toasted almonds. The flavor of the fish gets a chance to be the star because the other elements are soft and enhances the flavor instead of overpowering it. But, the star of this course is the Ribeye cap. It was so tendered and all the flavors were wonderful. Asian inspired so you get a little spicy, a little sweet and a little salty. They're already sliced so consuming them was that much easier. If you're a cilantro (coriander), ask for extra. The flavor adds a little bitterness that goes really well with it.

3rd course: Monkey Bread. You all know that I love a good dessert. And this time, we didn't run out of time. It's baked to order so give it a little time to get to your table. It's piping hot when it arrives and you have to eat this with your hands. You pull apart these tiny brioche that is soaked in cinnamon and sugar. It was good. Its a good pull a part version of a cinnamon bun. It was a little too sweet for me so luckily I had some pretty strong coffee to sip on.

Ciao and until next time, happy eating everyone :)
Weekend Brunch... 

Fantastic food creations, delicious cheese plates, and uniquely vivid beverages created by inspiring mixologists. 

The bacon bloody Mary was my first experience with a bloody Mary and the intense warm spice was intriguingly delicious. 

Try the whiskey with Guinness reduction and fresh mint; did someone say lucky charm? It's magically delicious. 

Brunch menu has some great items... Ham and cheese on delectable bread. The salmon hash was decent but a little too mayo heavy. Grilled cheese sliders... Phenom. 

The location right by the pool is so fresh especially with the open air wall. Spectacular!

All of the above with really cool and personal service, gets this place my badge... Amazeballs!
Had dinner here. Yea it hard rocks. 

Overall the dinner meu is not too extreme but the food is still at to above average but the phenomenal drinks, trendy vibes, and super friendly service totally make it worth it. 

I actually enjoyed the pretzel cheese fondue but the burrata, that was amazeballs. It's a semi soft slightly sweet cheese with chimichurri and marinated tomatoes. It's like a Spanish version of a bruschetta. Definitely try it. 

The fried chicken is phenom... Hang on to the cheese from the pretzel fondue, it's good for dippin!  I had the pork belly sandwich and it was thick cut, juicy, and tender. 

Favorite drinks: honestly I'm more of a red ale, malbec, and straight up martini kind of guy, but this is one place I have ventured a bit... At least so far as trying everyone else's drinks. That counts!

Drunken Irishmen, clown punch, malbec. YUM
Everything we ordered was delicious! You must try the bacon bloody mary...amazing! The meats and cheeses we ordered were fantastic. The 3 crab legs were ginormous and meaty. Or entree orders (egg white scrambles and grilled cheese sliders) were just as delicious, but the portion sizes were small compared to the hangovers we were coming off of. It is somewhat expected for a trendy restaurant, but it left us wanting more. :)
This place was a joke.  Talk about trying way to hard to be what some 55 year old guy in Scottsdale thinks is "cool" these days...

This is Urban Outfitters in restaurant form, which might be forgivable if the food was any good or the menu cohesive.  For a "gastropub", the beer list was pretty pedestrian and the beer menu was inanely laid out.  The menu was all about clever, pseudo-hipster layout and not at all about conveying information about the beers.  On tap they have Lagunitas, but which Lagunitas?  They make several different brews.

The food was again trying way too hard to be trendy.  Unfortunately the gastropub trend jumped the shark 5 years ago, as evidenced by this pre-packaged chain restaurant.  In fact I think that this incarnation of a gastropub, cooked up by some restaurant company in that culinary mecca (and launching pad of a dozen chain restaurant monstrosities) of Scottsdale, AZ, may be the ultimate and final indicator of the gastropub shark jump.

The douchey beats from the pool outside pound through the restaurant and are beyond annoying.  The pretzels were stale and the cheese sauce they came with was grainy with too much flour in the bechamel.  The chicken curry was laughably bland with a couple of strands of dried up chicken breast and no rice (i took this one to go.)

This place is so derivative and contrived.  Simon Kitchen, First Food, and Society are already doing the comfort-retro food much better and don't need to package their menus in some goofy, obvious appeal to a specific demographic (except for First, which is itself an overly-conceived douchatoreum, but with slightly better food than CD).

The funny thing is that they are obviously trying to appeal to Brooklyn-hipster types, the exact people who wouldn't be caught dead in the HRH, let alone this charicature of a restaurant.

One extra star for the cool couches.
I love this place!  I brought my parents here while they were in town on vacation and all of us left raving about how great this place was.  
We had the soft pretzel rolls and provolone fondue appetizer, I could have eaten 3 orders of this my myself, it was so amazing!  We also had prosciutto, super tasty, very fresh and seemed high quality.
I had the Korean Style steak something, I forget the name of it because I was so  obsessed with how delicious it was!  Super tender, juicy, flavorful....yum!
My Dad had fried chicken, which we all agreed was the best fried chicken we had ever had, seriously the best I've ever had in my life.
For dessert we shared monkey bread, my parents said it was a little undercooked, which was their only critique of the night, but that's exactly how I like, so no complaints here.  We also had the caramel custard with caramel corn on top, which was fantastic.  The crunch of the popcorn on top with the creamy custard underneath was a great combination.  
I'm not a big drinker, but we tried some pretty cool cocktails, my favorite was the bloody mary with the bacon strip in lieu of the celery.  
I also loved the atmosphere, really pretty chandeliers and lights, big comfy chairs, and cool industrial vibe.  
Can't wait to go back....might actually go tonight!
Speaking just about the food, this place is okay. The Pretzel appetizer with fondue was one of the most simple but tastiest appetizers I've had in a while, and all the entrees were at least ok. Where this place absolutely falls apart is the service. 

Our waitress was very nice and even treated me to a drink for my 21st, but it took almost 20 minutes to get our drinks and we were never given refills. Our appetizer took another 30 min and finally the entree took a ridiculously long 50 minutes. Combine that with the limited menu and I can't go past 2 stars. The drink was tasty though
Culinary Dropout is another gastropub that has infiltrated Las Vegas. British and Irish food tends to be heavy and tend to pair well with beers. Dare I say that CD does not match any preconceived connotations, but instead take it to a new level. 

I had ordered the Fish 'n Chips ($19) and it was worth the casino price. With two other English Pubs nearby, I prefer this version. The cod has a lighter batter which is spiked with heat. Although the setting is dark, the crispy exterior looked to be tinted in red. A taste of Tabasco laces the shell and lends an enjoyable characteristic profile. The side of coleslaw was also unique with a hint of citrus. I finished that first. 

As for desserts, it should not be passed upon. The peanut butter chocolate pie is better than the traditional banoffee pie. This declaration is not meant to undermine the deliciousness of the latter. I could devour a whole pie of either, but the chocolate version will always be first choice. 

The casual nature of the establishment makes me like it more. The dark tones and rich decor had me lounging in the banquette. I am also rather jealous of the staff. They are able to dress in their own attire. Although a neat concept, it makes distinguishing them rather difficult.
I gave this place a bad grade because my burrata was hard which is odd . the rest of the food was good service was ok . But looking at the bartenders from my seat the guys looked dress for the part . the girls looked to causal one with long dark straight hair touched her hair like 8 times with out washing her hands and ate something with out washing her hands again their was like ten health code violations . so i just dont like places that arent watching their staff because they atre the people taking care of us
Top 3 Reasons I heart CDO:
 
*Pretzel Balls w/ Cheese Fondue
*Captain Crunch Encrusted French Toast (Only served on weekends for brunch)
*Pork Belly Cubano
 
3 Minor things that irk me about CDO:
 
*It's only open for brunch on the weekends.
*The staff doesn't have standard uniforms. They do however rock grey, black, or plaid vests mimicking employees at Forever 21 or H&M.
*The Gastro-pub theme is a bit played out, but at least the industrial decor and inviting patio keeps it current.
Food and ambiance was AMAZING!!  I was being treated by some awesome friends for my birthday and it was my first time dining there..... The place and staff are fantastic!  Our waitress was friendly and informative.  The manager was sweet and she even brought out my birthday dessert.  Thank you Culinary Dropout for a beautiful and memorable birthday!
Tonight was our 2nd time dining at this establishment. 1st time was for opening weekend and we had the best time! Service was great, food was great, Kelley James band was awesome... wish I could say the same for our experience tonight.  Had reservations at 7:45, was promptly seated & then it all went downhill. We weren't even acknowledged by our waiter for 15 minutes.  When our spiky blonde H&M wearing waiter decided to give us the time of day we advised him we were ready to order or drinks & apps & our entree seeing as we were already sitting there for 15 minutes (no care in the world from him) 

Food... It turned into an over priced gastropubishh meal.  Had the chips & dip app ($7 for over-fried kettle chips) Mac burger (bun falling apart after each bite) turkey pastrami sandwich (decent) shrimp salad (recommend but still over priced at $15) oh and they are super stingy on the fries! 

Now back to our waiter - typically we tip 20% + but I honestly had a very hard time giving him even 10% sorry dude but you possibly gave us the worst service we have experienced in LV. 

Culinary Dropout I wish I could love you, I wish I could recommend you, but you simply just aren't a place for repeat customers.  You won't be seeing anymore of our $$$
Seriously love this place. The service is amazing. You have a view if the pool and the prices aren't bad. I had the roast beef sandwich and it was to die for. Yummy!
Just had the Bistro Steak,damn good steak!

Great environment, good customer service from the host to the waiters.

I will return Culinary Dropout!
The Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue appetizer was really good. Although I may be biased as I am not one to refuse warm bread dipped in melted cheese. Thanks to the past reviewers that recommended it. My entree was the Chicken Curry, which was also great. The service was excellent.
Great ambiance, the perfect blend of stylish and casual, trendy but not pretentious. Some items were overpriced and not too inventive, but their selection of cured meats and cheese is great. They also have a great cocktail list. During the day the outdoor seating is gorgeous. I saw their breakfast menu and it looked like perfect hangover food. Service is friendly and happy to help. The Jambalaya was sub par, but for the overall success of our meal I'd still love to return.
Get the pretzel foudue! - this place was great and a great suprise, we didn't know it was here.
Best restaurant in Vegas. By far. Come take a look, even if just to walk thru.
The waitstaff was AWESOME! 
The Fried Chicken was incredible-the batter was something like i have never tasted...needed NO sauce at all.
The pretzel and cheese fondue app was okay...but if an option just get the pretzels. The cheese is nothing special, very bland w no taste at all.
the view is what sets it off.
Had High Expectations that barely were met. 

The word gastropub is becoming dirty in Las Vegas.  Culinary Dropout gave me a perspective on how to abuse this title.  Not a HUGE (Cheesecake Factory/Grand Luxe-esque) but Vegas appropriately broad selection of dishes.  

The space that restaurant consumes makes it feel like a hanger with a dynamic inside-outside transition that shows off the beauty of the HRH pools.

That's where everything went downhill...

The service was Vegas nice, the music was Hard Rock music and despite GnR beginning their residency, I was expecting a larger rush at the CD.  

The antipasti which we ordered came approximately 3.5 minutes to my buddy and mine's entrees being served.  All of which were at room temperature...no bueno.

No bueno on a few folds...cured meats at room temperature are very strange (to me) at room temperature.  Add a bistro steak ordered Medium Rare, SERVED Rare, and at room temperature is also distressing, the only reason I didn't send it back was the flavors from the gastrique and Gorgonzola and my supreme hunger level at that time.

My buddy had mixed views of his Pork Cubano.

There were highs and lows, but right now plans for a return visit.
Amazing restaurant.  Went here on a whim after getting stranded in Vegas post-Hurricane Sandy.  The pretzels and cheese fondue are to die for, so do NOT miss them.  The build-your-own meat and cheese plate is amazing, and everything that comes out of the kitchen looks phenomenal.  The furniture inside is gorgeous and the exterior has a great campfire feeling to it.  Staff was awesome as well as amazingly helpful in recommending a good place for us to go that night to party.  I will most definitely be coming back here my next time in Vegas!
Is this becoming a nationwide trend? It's apparently the age of the chain gastropub. And I gotta say, I like it.

Culinary Dropout is part of the Fox Restaurant Concepts conglomerate of restaurants; the original Culinary Dropout is in Fox's homebase of Scottsdale. I can haz franchising rights in Texas?

I'd heard good things about Hard Rock's atmosphere, and while that mostly disappointed, Culinary Dropout was a fine time. We made reservations for 9 people on a Saturday night, which were completely unnecessary. The restaurant was about half-full, though part of the reason is it's huge with a great, casual patio.

We immediately got a free serving of Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue--delicious--a result of a duplicate order. Great start. I was mostly drawn to the impressively diverse, if pricey, beer menu. Woe is me; instead of embracing diversity, I ended up sticking to the very delicious Joseph James lager all night. There's some good stuff on there, and if you've lost all your money gambling on the tables there's also a "paper bag special" for $3. Our waitress described it as Bud Select or something of that ilk; we stayed away but I found it cheekily fun.

Menu prices are quite reasonable after getting eye-gouged by the Vegas exchange rate. The Meatloaf--my choice, was exceptionally large and quite filling. Ends were more than a little burnt, but I enjoyed the "meaty" part and enjoyed the sides. The Shaved Prime Rib Dip got huge raves from our waitress, who was excellent all night, as well as my fellow diners who ordered it. The Fish & Chips and 36-Hour Pork Ribs were called as decidedly average.

It's a really great ambiance, and if the Hard Rock had more of the "zoo" atmosphere that I was promised, I think the night would've been even better. As it is, it's a short cab ride from the strip and was still a great time regardless.
Well I'll say one thing from the get go, they named this place perfectly.  My friend and I came here for dinner, and while the atmosphere was nice, and the service was good, the food left a lot to be desired.

We ordered an antipasti plate with a meat, cheese, and the crusty bread and olive oil, which were fine, but what sucked was that they brought it out at the same time as our mains!  It's called an antipasti for goodness sakes, it's supposed to come out Before the main course.

Another issue was with the mains.  My friend had the Bistro Steak, and he ordered it medium rare, but we're both pretty sure that it came out rare, but it was so covered in sauce that it was hard to tell.  It was also cool when it came out, which was weird.  I had the pork belly cubano sandwich, which was tasty, but super oily.  I'm pretty sure they cooked the bread on the griddle with butter, because while the edges were crunchy, the center was still a little soggy and greasy.  I also wish they had used more of the spicy mustard and pickles, because after the pork belly, those two were my favorite parts of the sandwich.

Overall, 3 stars for service and ambiance, and 2 stars for food.
Wasn't a fan. We had a reservation, showed up and were told to come back in 30 minutes or we had to sit outside. It was so windy that the menus kept blowing away. When we finally got moved inside it was freezing cold inside. While many people enjoyed their food I found my Korean Steak to be really bland. Great drink menu
Food was not insanely good but I would probably try this place one more time.  They had lots of crazy cocktails which we had too many of.  We had a group of about 8 people and the check had the automatic tip baked in and I didn't realize it...hope they enjoyed the 40% tip.
AWESOME! a must try when in Vegas!

Try the Wild Berry Blueberry Beer, and the pretzels as an appetizer!! AWESOME combination. The servers were extremely nice and helpful, very talkative with the customers. Very delicious and amazingly tasty food! Will return when I go to Vegas!
Decent.

We ventured here last weekend on the recommendation of someone who is local to Vegas.  The atmosphere fits right in with the Hard Rock.  It has a fairly open floor plan...which I like specifically for people watching.  The service that we had was really good...spot on and efficient.  The food was just decent, though.  We started with the pretzel appetizer...I didn't find this as appealing as other reviewers have.  I ordered the grilled cheese sliders for my entree...nothing special, but not bad either.

I would probably mention this place to a friend visiting Vegas and I would probably return.
Yum, I really liked this place! Trendy yet laid-back atmosphere, huge couches/chairs, and awesome chill servers. No need to get fancy here - just order a beer and relax. The Winter Salad I had was SO GOOD... sweet potatoes, goat cheese, pomegranate, apples... perfection! Definitely a fan.
There wasn't much to do at the Hard Rock on Christmas Eve- the casino was empty, I didn't feel like going over to the strip quite yet, and I didn't want to be the only person at the casino bar.

Well, I ended up being the only one at Culinary Dropout's bar anyway.

Wild berry beer ($7) seemed to be a good choice after a quick Yelp skim- the cute bartender said it was a very smart choice: tastes just like juice but contains 8% alcohol and you don't get all the beer bloat. Yum.

It seemed like the consensus was brunch, which surprised the bartender because he said they didn't usually get many people in for breakfast/brunch. No problem, I wasn't planning on breakfast, anyway. I love my carbs, so pretzel bites and cheese fondue it was.

Not sure the Chimayo [beer] was worth the $12, but you can't put a price on experience.

Halfway through, I really had to go to the bathroom (downside of having a small bladder). There's no restroom inside the restaurant. Cool thing is, they let me walk out without having opened a tab with a credit card or paying.

I came back only to watch some middle-aged guy across from me inhale a hamburger and a Sicilian man next to me down two cups of coffee. By the way, did I mention he works with Manny Pacquiao?

Cute bartender is also a responsible one. After he made me two more drinks, he wanted to make sure I didn't go "stumbling out". Thanks, but unfortunately, nothing gets in the way of this girl shopping on the strip. The bill was ridiculously cheap, which I had to make up with a gracious tip.

If anyone discovers a new Mexican/Asian fusion restaurant open on the strip and the co-owner is a young man from Tijuana who moved to Vegas for family, chances are, you're in good hands.
I had dinner with my family here last night. Everything was amazing. Definitely try the bread w/ olive oil and the pretzels w/ provolone fondue. For antipasti, the tomatoes are very good. For entrees I had the bistro steak which was good. 

Service was good, quick and friendly. (Maybe a little too quick)

Food: 5
Service: 4
Total: 4.5 rounds up
Been here twice now.  Once in AZ and once in Vegas.  Just don't get what all the hype is about.  Good Bar environment but for a restaurant it is super loud, service needs to improve, pricey for what you are getting...

I did enjoy the Turkey Pastrami and would recommend that if you go.

I will give it one more try before its either on or off the list of repeat dining recommendations.  There are so many options in Vegas.
Matt is the best bartender ever.  I am hooked!  We spent 2 hours eating delicious food, drinking amazing drinks, and watching this bartending ninja work his magic.  This place should charge admittance to watch the insanity.  He was nice enough to explain what he was doing while doing it.  

Cherries soaked in brandy and muddled with sugar cubes?  

Orange zest burnt with a wood match to give the flavor something more complex?

What other place does this sh*t without being arrogant or pompous???

The pretzel bites were amazingly awesome.  The mussels were fan-freaking-tastic (and a steal at only $13).  We had these two appetizers and then split a pastrami sandwich.  It was plenty of food and we left happy.  I'll definitely be heading back.
The pretzel rolls should of been softer. They tasted like the ones you heat up at home in the microwave. I had the bacon Bloody Mary. I don't recommend that either. For a $10 Mary I expected a smooth taste with a pow. No pow! 
It took 40 minutes to get our entrees at lunch time. They weren't even packed. I sent my food back as I had lost my appetite after the drink and bad app.
The manager offered to make it right I told him not to worry it just took forever.
He still charged us for everything! Not even comping my bad mary!!!
Pretzels with the Fondue cheese sauce.... off da hook yo! This place is a killer restaurant tucked in between the coffee shop and Nobu, Don't pass it by! It is really really good. Fresh Seafood, Burgers, Curries...   It's a must have.
In this place I can see the kid who dropped out of culinary school to tour with a band.  This place is rock and roll refined.  There is a sense of culinary knowledge without the pomp and circumstance.  

The after school special cocktail is a raspberry infused michelada with Modelo unceremoniously delivered in the can.  The brunch menu is spot on.  The Cap'n Crunch french toast was awe-inspiring.

The biggest knock on this place is their lack of Red Bull.  Apparently, the whole Hard Rock campus is devoid of Red Bull due to some contract limitations....how Rock and Roll.
I am in love with the menu at Culinary Drop Out! Any place with a raw seafood bar is a win in my book. Pretty much everyone front of house is attractive and the place hums with a laid back vibe while maintaining a posh yet edgy atmosphere. So why the two star rating?

Everything sounded better on the menu than it actually was- everything just fell short of expectations. The service here was just terrible. The worst service I've had all year, maybe ever. We waited 20 minutes just to see our server for drinks, we waited even longer for water and the coffee that we ordered never got a refill.. Even though it was requested twice. The courses weren't paced at all so I had soup getting cold while a sandwich got soggy and my oysters got warm. Service is a total bust!

Unfortunately the food didn't make up for the bad service. 
The cheese fondue which was ordered on the recommendation of our waiter was really a glorified Velveeta. The soft pretzels were good, but really they're just a mode of transportation for the hot melty cheese which arrived at the table with a skin already formed over the top. Really appetizing (sarcasm). Overall, really bland, with no bite.
The white shrimp is served with the shell on but cleaned and they were fantastic! Perfectly cooked. Best part of the meal by far! I'd definitely make me way back here for a cocktail and shrimp cocktail if it's not inconvenient.
The Kushi oysters which are normally my favorite had a sort of funk, even though it was apparent they were shucked to order.
The French Onion Soup was quite possibly the worst I've ever had (and I once unwisely made the mistake of ordering French Onion at Applebees). Bland light colored broth with too much thyme, a round of tough rye bread topped with just a little cheese on top that had been cooked to death. There was no melty stringy cheesy goodness here that you have to wrap around the spoon to maintain a little dignity.. Just a stale crouton witha  crust of hard cheese floating in bland broth.
The warm Italian Grinder, also at the recommendation of our server, was nothing special and arrived crisp on the top.. But soggy as all heck on the bottom. This soggy-bottomed sandwich comes with hand cut fries on the side which were the best part of that meal.

Even though the service was so bad and the food so mediocre, I really did fall hard for their menu and will give it another go. I feel like maybe, just maybe, I ordered the wrong items and I got the wrong server, and just went on the wrong day. We couldn't even get our food boxed up and when we did (25 minutes later) it came back with fondue on the side and got my hand all greasy. The worst part of it all was when our waiter finally did come back after his lengthy disappearance and immediately starting clearing away plates, taking away a whole shrimp and oyster. That's $6 worth of deliciousness, man! Always ask before clearing!

Their specialty cocktail menu had a sleuth of amazingly well thought-out libations and that alone is enough to bring me back. The prices are very reasonable for the strip, and if nothing else- go for a drink, the raw bar, and antipasto. You can't screw up Italian cured meats with a top of the line slicer on hand.
In the lobby of the Hard Rock Hotel, this place is trendy chic meets BBQ Steakhouse.  The staff a a bunch of young hip cute kids who move fast, and give friendly helpful service with a smile.  The menu has lots of good options of comfort foods. I would call it comfort food chic.They have some really tasty options in beers too. We had the fresh made chips with the onion dip, which was tasty. I had Meatloaf dinner and they even add the grilled the bread I wanted without a problem. Perfectly tasty!! My husband says the ribs are good, coleslaw excellent but $27?? Get a blue berry beer while you wait.
Walked in to find this place DEAD (I guess Monday nights are slow...), so my friends and I got a table quick. 

Ordered a half dozen oysters to start. They could have been cleaned a bit better, I had more than a few with some serious grit in them. And I know there's always going to be SOME grit and sand, but this probably could have been remedied with another rinse or two. Good sauce accompanies it, though. Just be conservative with it, the oysters taste delicious on their own. 

I had the meatloaf. It didn't taste as good as my mom's (but, really, does it ever, people?) but it was actually better than I was expecting. A solid, well-formed loaf, not too spongy, nice firmness. Seasoning was mild, not too heavy as to take away the taste of the meat. 

It came with green beans, which were extremely underdone. Better than overdone, but I found it odd they'd serve them like that; didn't complement the dish at all. I think it also came with mashed potatoes. The fact I can't remember likely means the other side dish was innocuous enough that it went down good but wasn't worth storing in my mind.
I went to Culinary Dropout on a random Tuesday. We were seated very quickly and greeted by our server and waiter. I wanted good comfort food and I came to the right place. Homemade chips and dip for an app, dinner we got the prime rib dip and club sandwich, dessert was the monkey bread. 

It is rare that we finish everything we order, but we finished everything! The food was amazing, it wasn't heavy at all! It was filling but I didnt feel guilty for eating everything. The drinks were strong, well worth the price. 

I can't wait to go back. The service was spot on, it is a fun bar and I can't wait to go back!
I ate here 3 times while staying at the Hard Rock for 5 days, it was definitely the high light of the hotel for me.  I highly recommend the Turkey Pastrami sandwich, a friend of mine liked the meatloaf so much he had it twice.  Pretty good beer selection too.
The fried chicken is amazing.
The pork belly cubano is amazing.
The pretzels & fondue is incredible.
To top it off, they made me a latte at 7PM.
One of my new favorite restaurants, this is where casual dining meets amazing chefs. I love to sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare the antipasti... those guys are amazing at what the do!

I highly recommend the Capicola, Sopressata Toscana and the bresaola salumi meats, paired with the Humboldt Fog... I ordered... and re-ordered this 3 times during  my dinner!
I discovered this place at a friends birthday dinner .  The food quality was just brilliant.  From the simple like pretzel and cheese fondue to the more complex flank steak, the place succeeded in matters of taste and presentation.  The decor is impressive and fun.  The wait staff left a bit to be desired, but we were in a large group so it is understandable.  Lastly, the bar (while appearing to be a full bar) had a very limited selection in alcohols.  A really cool place though.
Good portions and cocktails overall. The best thing I tasted was the pretzel and fondue appetizer. Stay away from the curry chicken, it was small and didn't have much chicken in it.
My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time a few days ago.  HOLY CRAP this place is amazing.  It is a Gastropub with a very cool atmosphere and the food was so good i had the chicken sandwich and pretzels bites soooo good. I will definately go back there. Very chill atmosphere.
I came here with my boyfriend and a few friends to celebrate my co-workers birthday. I give the place 3 stars due to the fact that for starters, their bar has no blender and the food was good but not exceptional. I liked the atmosphere which had a nice decor, beers ordered in cans are wrapped in brown paper bags, which is pretty cute. 

We ordered a bunch of different stuff to share. The shrimps were delicious! They were large and juicy cocktail shrimp. My boyfriend doesn't particulary like shrimp, and he enjoyed them and had a few. I really liked the pretzel and cheese appetizer, I actually couldn't get enough of them. 

I didn't order a main dish because I wasn't very hungry, but from the looks of my friend's meals, they deliver generous portions and they said it was "good."

I'd come back if I was in the mood for beer.

One more note, the restuarant has an outdoor area that was closed when my friends and I came. It looks like a nice, cool spot to hang out on a summer night to just hangout with friends. I'd like to come back and hopefully up the rating of this place.
S-L-O-W ...there for Sunday brunch ..place was not at all packed, yet we waited about 45 minutes for our food.  Service wasn't good either ..food was decent, not spectacular ...probably won't go back to this place ..
went here for brunch one sunday afternoon in the fall.  sat outside and it had a gorgeous view of the pool.  pretty good brunch menu and great ambiance.  the pretzel appetizer with the cheese is so yummy!
Culinary Dropout is a cool little restaurant in the Hard Rock Hotel - something that isn't too bad to stop by if you're feeling too tired/lazy to leave the hotel.  

When you first get into Culinary Dropout, you find a pretty spacious restaurant surprisingly after you enter.  Their bar/beer draft selection is also pretty plentiful with PBR, Fat Tire and more.  I had the meatloaf which was recommended by a couple Yelpers - not a bad choice as it was of a pretty good size but not the best.  Some of my coworkers had the burgers which were fantastic according to them.  The cannelloi was also supposed to be pretty good but be warned, it was pretty small and not filling.  

There was also a pretty good live musician playing on the front stage - the poor guy was playing to a 1/2-empty restaurant on a Sunday night but hey, still did a good job playing in general.  

The aesthetic was pretty nice with a full bar and bar seating, some nice tables and some other seats scattered about.  Don't expect for quiet conversation inside as the music is put up pretty loud.  There were also some cool fire pits right outside - wasn't sure if it was part of the restaurant but seemed nice if you wanted to go outside or have a nice moment with your significant other.  

Culinary Dropout wasn't completely wow-worthy but all-around was a strong restaurant in it's food, aesthetics and cool little bonuses.  Kudos.
Every once in a while you go in with low expectations and come out with a winner.
I have dined at some of Hard Rock's previous eateries and was less than impressed so I entered this experience expecting to find overpriced lackluster food and horrible service.

We entered a few minutes prior to our reservations and were seated right away.  Our waiter patiently waited for our order and took the time to make suggestions when asked.  We went for the Pretzel Bites with the Provelone cheese fondue.  The fondue was tasty if a little mild, something like Gouda might have worked better.  The pretzel bites were amazing and it was a huge portion.  Note to self, if you order the pretzel appetizer, only order one entree for every two people.

We then ordered the fried chicken and the butternut squash ravioli.  The fried chicken was the best fried chicken either of us have had in recent memory.  The coating was crisp outside, soft inside and with a sweet flavor with a little kick of spice at the end.  The chicken was cooked perfectly.  The butternut squash ravioli was not as amazing but was still well prepared.

Our app and drinks came out very quickly and the waiter was very attentive.

The only drawback was the sides.  The mashed potatoes were soupy and bland and the corn bread too crumbly.

We didn't get to sample the deserts as we were overstuffed.
Different but awesome food!  Loved it I would go back again.  The music was too loud especially for Valentines Day but only complaint
I do like this place.  Ate there recently and was surprised.    Love the apps  especially the mussels.  Had a great waitress, Felicia, who was not only fun but she actually helped guide us with real thoughts and not just, "ya its good" when you ask about specific items.

Ill be back and want to try the ribs, couldnt last time because I was with clients and I like to get sloppy when I eat the ribs.
I was looking for a place off the strip, just didn't feel like dealing with parking and then walking through a long line of slot machines to get something to eat. So Yelp to the rescue. We were right by the Hard Rock Cafe Hotel so we decided to give it a try. 

The waitress was friendly and we were immediately seated. 

I took the advice of my fellow yelpers and immediately ordered the puffy pretzel bites with cheese fondue. Oh my gosh just order them. You get a basket of 12 warm pretzels. They are not hard and accompanied by cheese fondue.  Perfect for sharing. 

We then shared a turkey burger which was also excellent. What I liked most about the place was that it was nice but not too pretentious. After all, it is VEGAS. We weren't ordering a lot of food and we didn't get any attitude. There were some dressed up people but others were casual.  They have a pretty big beer and whiskey list.

They had a live musician playing on a stage. The music was entertaining but not overpowering. It was a cold and rainy day but if not I would love to sit outside on the patio- they have fire pits- a great place for a big group.
How could I forget to Yelp the Culinary Dropout? I was staying at the HRH with my brother Tom this past December, and we dined @ the CD twice. The first night (a Monday I believe), we were one of two tables eating dinner at around 6:00 p.m. The servers here wear "regular/hipster" clothes, and are very helpful with the menu. The very pretty blond server, complete with cutoff shorts, recommended the pretzel and cheese appetizer and fried chicken. Both being Foodies, we inhaled the appetizer. This is their signature dish and it doesn't disappoint. Tom got the fried chicken and I the Italian sandwich. Both were tasty and well prepared. I have the feeling from other Yelpers, that the menu is a can't miss on all dishes.
       The interior of the DC is modern. They have a square bar, a stage for bands, and an outdoor area with heat lamps. I recommend the bar if you are getting just an app and drinks. On our second visit, we got the pretzel app again an a few beers. They have a great beer selection on tap. We also sampled some Absinthe......wow. So, if near the HRH and hungry, take a chance on the Culinary Dropout. You will be happy you did.
This is my latest favorite place in Vegas, and I definitely want to go again. First, it's off the Strip at the Hard Rock, but it's worth the adventure to get there. The best way I can describe it is as a classy Cracker Barrel -- but that's way underestimating it's goodness. The cocktails, mostly bourbon based, are homemade and distinct, and I particularly loved the bourbon with papaya juice, jalapeno and bitters. I am a southerner, so I'm a sucker for great fried chicken. I was told that I had to try it here, and I was not disappointed. The buttermilk crust was crunchy, thick and perfectly browned, and the meat very succulent and juicy. The fried chicken entree came with a very hefty 3 pieces, all sprinkled with honey. I would put it in my top 5 fried chicken list. I also enjoyed the French onion soup, though the very large piece crouton...really a slice of bread ... was a bit much for this low carb eater. The service was very friendly and attentive, and we had a great time. For those who prefer other things than fried chicken, the rest of the menu had very attractive comfort food options that ranged from fish, to meatloaf to chicken. Definitely a place I'll return when in Vegas.
2013 Spring Restaurant Week Review:

While walking through Hard Rock I saw a sign stating "Patio Open."  So, I put on my leg brakes and walked straight on in.

The restaurant is huge and looks like Restoration Hardware threw up all over it.  The servers all look like they were bussed in from Williamsburg.  But, my only focus was the outdoor seating.

It's glorious, by the way. Comfy banquettes, outdoor bar, poolside, and firepits. Fire!

Oh, anyways, the food. 

I chose the carrot-ginger soup, fried chicken, and chocolate tart options from the RW menu.   My table also went for the pretzel and cheese fondue appetizer.  

The pretzel fondue was really great.  The pretzels were soft and chewy and the cheese was delicious, although a little clumpy.  I do wish they served the cheese a little hotter.  Overall, a great appetizer.

My first course, the carrot-ginger soup, was really flavorful.  I couldn't eat it all so I asked for a box.  Instead of boxing my leftovers, they gave me a whole new soup!  

The second course, the fried chicken, was pretty good.  There were three huge pieces and each was moist on the inside, crunchy on the outside.  Unfortunately, the chicken was bit too salty for me, but the batter definitely had a great flavor.   The dish also came with a tasty honey biscuit, coleslaw, mashed potatoes, and gravy.  I really enjoyed the coleslaw because it wasn't caked in dressing. 

My favorite part of the meal was probably the toffee chocolate tart.  I've been on a tart kick lately and this one was the best of the batch.  The chocolate was dark and rich but not too sweet.  A great way to end the meal.

Our server, Thanon (sp? Sorry!), was the nicest server I've had in a long time.  He went out of his way to make our meal amazing. He even offered to box up my leftover Sazerac! Who does that?!?! I would go back just for the service, it was that good.

The food, overall, is probably a 3 star experience, but the service and ambiance deserve extra stars.  I'll go back for sure!
Love love love the patio.  The place is huge and there is a stage for live music, however that night we were treated to a 2 hour sound check 1-2.  I look forward to returning when there are actual live bands playing because this is a great setup.  We went on a Sunday night in early March, and it wasn't busy, but with warm weather on the way I expect that will change.

The beer selection is pretty good, featuring local brewery Joseph James even.  We started with a dozen oysters from their Raw Bar, which didn't last long with our group.  I don't know what I expected, but their oysters weren't good, they were great.  I ordered the Chicken Curry with potato, green beans, peanuts, mushrooms, lime & cilantro.  It's quite good, but if you're looking for spicy heat, this isn't that kind of dish.
Service was OK, staff was nice.  Decent beer selection.  Food was pretty good.  Comfy chairs at the tables.  GOOD appetizer / tapas menu if you don't want to go with full dishes.  Note: I was here for lunch not dinner, not sure if the menu changes for dinner.
Culinary Dropout is real cool.

I was in vegas for a bachelor party and had to head up 19 dudes and was looking for a chill place to dine and all I did was pull up opentable with the parameters of dinner at 8 pm for a party of 20. Culinary dropout fit the bill with nice open seating, patio area to lounge and even live music. I chose the perfect spot. Kudos to me and yelp of course.

We all arrived on time and were seated immediately. As I said there was live music being performed which was on point. Just as a word of warning I was slightly inebriated for most of the night, but not enough to lose my memory and make an accurate account for this review.

Folks in my party were ordering beers on tap and other alky drinks. They came promptly and the drinkfest continued. Upon reading the reviews of this place beforehand the pretzels with fondue cheese were spoken highly of so the whole table got orders of that and it was bomb. I asked the waiter what he recommended on the menu and he pointed out that the most bang for buck dish was the fried chicken and that sold me. It was good but not mind blowing. There were three pieces; leg, thigh, and breast with a honey glazed biscuit, mashed potatoes and cole slaw. A massive dish indeed. Alky and greasy food go hand in hand.

The service was fantastic and the vibe and ambiance is well suited for big parties.
This place rocks.  Well, it is in the Hard ROCK Hotel, but that aside, cool vibe, really fab furnishings and decor, and an outdoor patio that is poolside.  The food is unique.  I had the prime rib french dip with fries, and the fries were not hot, which was a bit disappointing, but there were homemade and I found that they were just as delicious.  The sandwich was well flavored, on housemade bread, crusty-chewy, just right.  

We also returned here the next night to check out the libations and live band.  Truly fun establishment off the Vegas strip.
The breakfast burrito was really good and my friend enjoyed her bacon infused bloody mary. The view is nice if you're sitting outside and facing the pool. The slight breeze was offset by a nearby fire pit.
Got a sitter lined up for Saturday night so the hubs and I could have a date night. We had been to a couple Fox Restaurants in Phoenix, and enjoyed them, so we set Culinary Dropout for our destination.
 
7pm on a Saturday night, we did not have reservations. The place was not packed, but we were told all the tables were reserved and so we had to sit at a large high-top communal table in the bar area. No big deal. The service was prompt and very friendly. We started with the recommended pretzel bites (they were very good and enough for probably 4 people). Draft beers were $2.95, which I thought was pretty awesome for a Friday evening, and liked even more when I saw the selection. Standard domestics, but also Sierra Nevada, Joseph James, and a Prohibition Lager. Good stuff! For dinner I ordered the fried chicken which was really delicious. The outside is crispy, with a little bit of honey, and the meat inside is nice and juicy - juicy not greasy! It's served with cornbread, cole slaw, and mashed potatoes, which were all excellent. I ate about half of it, and was so excited to have the rest for lunch the next day, but I forgot my to go box on the table! Boo I hate when that happens! My husband had the bistro steak, which was good but not great.

I was very happy when I requested a mocktail and the server asked me about my preferences. We sat and hung out for so long that she actually brought me 3 different mocktails throughout the evening. Awesome!

The food is a little overpriced, but not for a place in a casino. Our entire tab was ~$100 with tip (included 3 beers, 3 mocktails, 2 entrees, and an app).

Best of all, Jeremy Cornwell was playing from 7-10 and taking requests! If you haven't seen this guy, he's an awesome one-man-band type of show, where he records each beat and then plays it on loop, recording the next beat over it. We talked to him after his set ended, and he'll be at Culinary Dropout every Saturday night, 7-10, and Blue Martini every Tuesday and Friday.
It was still Restaurant Week, and my long-anticipated introduction to Culinary Dropout was about to occur.  After it was all over, I was pleasantly pleased by all I saw and ate.  Amid the fitting sounds of hard rock, the decor of the restaurant is very casual, but seating on a banquette and upholstered chair was comfortable, and servers were very friendly, efficient, and accommodating.  A request for a different salad dressing was immediately granted.

I began with Yesterday's Soup, which changes by the day.  To my relief, this was not like the leftovers of a college cafeteria's previous day's rejected offerings ground up and mixed with broth.  Ginger Soup was on tap on my dining day.  And, this colorful soup literally took my breath away.  I figured out why when I found out from my server that it contained Cilantro Jalapeno Pepper Sauce.  The soup was not very hot but quite spicy, but soon I got used to it and found the distinct taste of ginger to be intriguing.

Next up was a House Salad with many mixed greens and a generous supply of good Sherry Vinaigrette Dressing.

For my entree, I selected Ma . . . The Meatloaf!?!  Why it is so named I have no idea.  But this was great, very hot meatloaf with a ketchup coating accompanied by really fresh French Style Green Beans and Mashed Potatoes with Brown Gravy.  I also tried the Coleslaw, which was non-creamy and slightly sweet, while Diane enjoyed somewhat odd-looking dark brown but quite tasty and well-made Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Honey Biscuits.

For dessert we had a Chocolate Toffee Tart and Salted Caramel Custard with homemade Caramel Popcorn on top.  Both were excellent, including the sweet popcorn.

It was fun to face and watch the chefs at work in the very open kitchen.  When we left, we were very full from the large portions.  Because the menu lists so many intriguing items that I want to try, including oysters and white shrimp by the piece, we will most definitely return fairly soon for additional meals--and will continue to do so if Diane keeps up her winning streak at the Hard Rock's slot machines and draws additional player's coupons for 2 for 1 entrees at Fu!
Like this place a lot. We had the meatloaf, a burger and fried chicken and all were excellent.  The pretzel & cheese app was amazing.  
Cant wait to come back in summer and sit outside near the pool.
Their fried chicken was awesome!  I would rate their fried chicken with 5 stars!  Unfortunately, my friend ordered the fried chicken, and I could only taste a sample.  I was stuck with their incredibly dry ribs (dry?  for a signature item?!?  oh boy!)...

Back to their chicken... wow!  Sooo juicy and perfectly spiced.  Quite possibly the best fried chicken I have eaten in a long time (I'm not a fried chicken eater btw...)

I am probably staying at Hard Rock (or the Cosmo, but I want to check out the Rehab Pool Party...) when I return in July, and if I eat here, I will have the fried chicken!
It angers me to be so hyped up about a place and then have to give them such a low grade rating. Overrated, overpriced and under serviced would be the top 3 ways I could describe it. I was so stoked to try the new raw bar, fresh antipasta made in front of you, outdoor seating with firepits restaurant the Hard Rock was offering. Not to mention menu choices like beef stroganoff, ribs, fried chicken, and meatloaf. I for sure thought I would be in heaven. 
Now let me start with the 2 good things about this place.
1- The ambiance. It was a huge indoor/outdoor 2 bars, view of the pool. AMAZING set up. If you sit indoors, you can watch them make your antipasti platter fresh in front of you which brings me to the the highlight of the meal
2- THE ANITPASTI! So it was for sure over priced. $8 per cured meat. $5 per cheese. $4 per snack (snacks included olives peppers, bread, etc)
My super awesome platter cost $38. Sad that it was the only thing worth it. The meats were perfectly salted and the cheeses were imported. I would actually order this again if I wasn't worried about the cost. 
Thats it. All the positives. 
On to the reason for the 2 star rating. First and foremost the shitty service. Not only was our waiter unattentive and slow. He was careless. He didn't once offer to refill our empty glasses we had to ask. He didn't notice nor care that 1 of the 4 of us barley touched her food due to it being undercooked. (seriously meatloaf pink??) We also noted that our order was put in around 7:30, and we were patiently awaiting our check at 9:20. 
Between us we had ribs that had jalapeno in the title, yet tasted sweet. 2 orders of undercooked meatloaf. And a steak. 
The side items were decent, but even the taters that came with the meatloaf lacked consistency. 
My boyfriend insisted we get dessert since all 4 of us were still hungry and there are not many places in town you can get freshly made monkey bread. Again a dissapointment. Small, and it took more like 20 minutes versus the 10 they claimed it to take. 
Overall the bad food may have been a fluke. I could tell there was a potential for yummy-ness had they cooked the meatloaf another hour, added spice to the ribs, and a little love in their kitchen. On this trip they really lived up the the "culinary dropout" name and left a lot to be desired.
I wouldn't go back here...

Took 40 minutes to get an order of eggs :(

The manager corrected the time that it took me to get my food instead of apologizing.

Bad food BAD service!
Terrific food and decent prices with great atmosphere....terrible service though :(
Staying at the Hard Rock, I wanted to check this place out.  It looked really cool inside, and their menu looked good and reasonably priced. 

The inside was in fact really cool.  I liked that you could see all their fresh fish right there. We got a nice cozy booth.  I ordered the fish and chips.  The cod was very tasty, moist, flaky perfection. The chips AKA french fries were cold...bummer. 

Overall it was good.  If you're staying in the Hard Rock, it is worth going to for dinner.
My goodness, they have improved the pretzel!! I have been here three times now and I hope to head back soon. I do not head to the Hard Rock very often, but it appears plenty of other people do because this place is always busy. The location is right by the pool and has a nice stage. The patio is excellent and there is a bar outside. 

The food is out of this world. Leave your diet at home and try the Grilled Cheese Sliders!! YUM!
This place is awesome! I wish there was one near my home, I would be here all of the time. he menu is fabulous and the beer selection is absolutely fantastic! Plus, the vibe is great! Staff are friendly and genuine. I like to sit on the patio during the day and at the bar in the evening. I have been here many times and have not yet had a bad meal. The appetizers are all good, especially the antipasto selection. And the friend chicken? WOW!

You can't go wrong here...
Arrrrgh I wish I could do half-stars!! I feel this place merits 3.5. 

The quality of the food is GREAT. Interesting menu with astonishing variety, quality ingredients and genuinely creative approach. My table shared the mussels and burrata pear thingy for apps, then I had the chicken curry while others had the ribs, the burger and the ribeye. Everything was great, and no pricier than any other gastropub in a Strip hotel. 

The atmosphere is a bit on the douchey side. It's REALLY loud, and opens out onto the epicenter of the douchiverse, the Hard Rock pool. The waitstaff are all waaaay too cool for school; apparently, the shtick is that there are no uniforms; they can wear whatever they want..which means trendy-slutty apres-pool attire for the ladies, and hipster-douche chic for the dudes. The service was OK; it was really busy (right before the Def Leppard show) so I'll cut 'em some slack for the lackluster nature.

I'd come here again, but on a slow night. I like to TALK over my meals, and it was just too freaking loud.
Too loud and too overpriced. That said, food is great. I miss the MAC Burger....PLEASE bring it back. Wait staff is a tad bit pretentious but fitting for the place. This place beats Lucky s 24-7 coffee shop which I detest.
Had been wanting to try this place since before it opened, and finally got to give it a go this week! Unfortunately we were still full from lunch, so we didn't get to eat as much as we would have liked, so I'll review based on what we did have...
Our server was great. She was super helpful, and helped us decide on cocktails, which were awesome. My husband had the Bells n Whistles, a spicy whiskey cocktail (don't order if you don't like spicy!) and I ordered a sparkling strawberry gin martini (can't remember the name but it was delicious!) We ordered the pretzel bites with fondue and the burrata (yeah, we like cheese, what about it?). The pretzel bites were...ok. A little less than warm for my liking. The cheese sauce (more sauce than fondue) was yummy. The burrata was OMG. I would definitely get it again. It was served with compressed pears, bacon syrup, walnuts, and greens, and the flavors and textures were all perfect together. 
Like I said, by this point we were already full so we called it a night, but we definitely plan on coming back again and again until we have tried all the yummy things on the menu!
Loved the atmosphere. We visited just prior to the LV Rockin Roll Marathon. We had a very large group, but service was good.
Love the atmosphere here.  Cozy and chic.  I had the Spring Vegetable salad on my first (and only so far) visit and loved it.  Great visit overall.  Food is a tad pricey, which is expected with location.
On the outside, Culinary Dropout looks like it's going to be an All-American bar where  food and drinks shoot out from the back and the music blares in the front. It's not necessarily the opposite, but it's definitely an upper-scale version of what a good dinner restaurant should be. 

We came here with no expectations and left with full stomachs and smiles on our faces. We had the grilled artichoke (which had a great dipping sauce), cheese and prosciutto (plenty to share) for appetizers, and my friend got the Bistro Steak (on the small side but still filling) and I got the Jambalaya (spicy and full of sausage and seafood). 

We capped it off with a Monkey Bite, which is essentially a cinnamon roll crammed into a bed of baked apple and served with a scoop of ice cream. It was amazing. And delicious. And it was probably what put the restaurant over the top when it came to the food. 

Our server was attentive and didn't make things awkward. We didn't feel like we were being checked on every 2 minutes. 

Something to note is that the employees here don't have a uniform - they're free to dress in whatever way makes them feel comfortable. We used this as a conversation starter and learned a lot about our waiter. 

I'll definitely be coming back here again: Great service, good food, happy stomachs.

Check out my review on ElevatorBuzz here: http://www.elevatorbuzz.com/2013/04/vegas-life-culinary-dropout-at-hard.html
I ate here 3 times in one week... THAT'S how much I love it..   I even made my bf take me here for Valentine's Day.  Which was great, because it was empty, seeing how most girls want that expensive romance crap. The ambiance reminds me of the trendy restaurants in Boston or Seattle, not pretentious....just fun and eclectic.  I am obsessed with their Kale Salad, I even make it at home. The Pumpkin ravioli was ridiculous in a really good way, the pretzels with cheese dip are addicting, ALL their Sandwiches.. ok ok you probably are now understanding how AMAZING this place is.  I think the only thing I didn't like was the music.. Rap/techno music playing way to loud... I looked around like.. umm rap/techno music at The Hard ROCK?  but it was some lame DJ probably from L.A.  'Spinning' on his Apple Laptop..Dude, it's Valentine's Day..play some Radiohead or Imagine Dragons.  I don't want to hear Bitches N Hoes mixed with Skrillix..
Love this place!  Servers wear what they want, which I think leads to a relaxed experience.  Menu was explained well, drinks were awesome, Felecia even suggested we take our last drink "to go" so we could get in line for the show- and, no, I don't think she was trying to free up a table or get rid of us,...great idea, we needed to get in that line!  ANYWAY, food was great, fun, just the right mix of fancy and casual, great flavors, and not heavy.  Fun sitting outside and watching people at the pool- comfortable atmosphere, we'll be back!
Since we tried this out for the first time we have been hooked. Their food is unique and always on point. The pretzels with provolone fondue is ridiculously delicious and is so addictive I have to get it every time. The iberico ham is worth the MP as it is the most delicious cured meat you will ever eat. The reason for my missing star is because of the four times we've dined, twice we had awesome service and twice it was slow and impersonal. Fortunately the most recent times were the excellent service so maybe they're picking it up. Either way, this is now definitely on our circulation of regular favorites.
So good! The best food I've had in Vegas, proper. Order the ribs- or the fried chicken- or the fish and chips. All perfect. Get the pretzels, too. 

The service was terrific! The staff was courteous and worked as a team. I placed a huge takeout order for a party upstairs (best part is that it's located in the Hard Rock Hotel) and they missed the ribs on my order. BOOM. 15 minutes later had them delivered to my door. 

If I had to live in that god-forsaken town, this restaurant could not get rid of me.
I saw an ad on the back of our taxi and just from the name we decided to go. That and i was meeting a client at the Hardrock. 

If you are entering the casino it's tucked away just off the casino floor over looking the Paradise pool area. We went on a fabulous weather day in Vegas. Low 80's with a breeze. We sat inside because well who wants body sweat and suntan oil smell seeping into your lunch? 

Decent fat friendly seating. 

We came with zero knowledge or expectations other than what we saw on the back of the cab. 

Nice surprise! 

The best part was the Service. extremely nice hostess, waiters etc. constantly there just in time to refill the drinks or see if we needed anything. 

Cocktails: My bloody Mary was hand made. Nicely prepared with bacon, cucumber garnish. Decent selection of beers both foreign and domestic. 

BEST PART of Food: a do it yourself antipasta bar - & raw bar. Huge selection of meats, cheese & veggies plus shrimp, crab legs oysters etc. (only one of us is not allergic to shell fish). I would go just for this. BUT 

They have mini grilled cheese sandwiches. and fall off the bone ribs and yummy close to mama used to make meat loaf. 

As a local to Las Vegas, we usually only go to casinos on or close to the strip when we have company or clients in Vegas but we have gone back twice just to go to Culinary Dropout. Worth the $5.00 to the valet to park. 

Oh and the pool eyecandy was nice too. No speedos to be seen.
We have one here in Scottsdale yet I have never been. Our buddy had eaten here the night before and was raving about it and then I realized what he was talking about and got excited myself since this would be my first time.

Cool location in the hotel as it opens up into this pool area with a cool patio. Food was awesome. I had the turkey ruben and would definitely get it again. Its a big portion so I easily could have shared. 

They were having issues with their carbonation for their drinks but the waiter was cool about it and made up for it so we were pleased.
This new place opened up recently with some good hype attached.  My friends and I decided to check this place out before the Prince concert at the Joint.  I'm certainly glad I did!

When you check into the hostess stand, you think this place is pretty small.  Don't be fooled by that.  It's HUGE inside.  A lot of seating inside and outside as well.  Huge bar area extending outside as well.  The outside area has a bunch of lounge tables.  Our table was half chairs and half booth.  Accommodated all people of my party.  Our server was nice, seemed a bit flustered as we did have a lot of questions and most of our drink requests were "out of stock" which didn't make too much sense.  

Their menu is not too pricey.  Things go for $15-$30 depending on what you want.  On top of that, they have an AWESOME secret menu given out on concert days.  Since the Prince concert was there, they offered it to us!  Super fast and easy, it's only $25 dollars and comes with 3 main components:  starter salad OR soft pretzel, meatloaf OR fried chicken and a bag beer.  GREAT DEAL, by the way.  I chose the salad which was light a refreshing.  Spring mix with balsamic vinaigrette.  For the main course I got the fried chicken.  You get various dark and white meat pieces.  They gave a ton of that!  It was accompanied with mashed potatoes and gravy, sauteed green beans and a biscuit.  The chicken was super juicy and crispy on the outside!  The gravy really made the mashed potatoes, which were also very creamy.  The beans were sauteed with bacon and had a nice, light salty taste.  The biscuit also was dense and flaky with creamy butter.  SOOOOO GOOD!!  The beer was a low end beer, always different.  I got the Milwaukee's best.  The thing that enhances the experience is the paper bag it comes in.  Super creative for higher end restaurant.  Shows the lighter side of "Las Vegas strip" type restaurant.  I REALLY liked that :)

Definitely will be back for another try.  I would like to try their fish and chips, Korean style ribeye cap and salmon.  So many yummy toppings!  If you're in the Hard Rock hotel, I highly recommend this place before a concert, show, or date night!
I didn't know what to expect upon hearing the name of this restaurant.  Was it run by culinary students who failed culinary school?  And if so, do we dare host a job interview meal here?  I don't know the origins of the restaurant name - but we did host our job interview meal here last night and had a wonderful dinner!  This is a must see, must eat Vegas restaurant!!  

There are oh, maybe, 500 restaurants "to see" in Las Vegas - this is one of them!  Culinary Dropout blew my mind.  It is beautiful!!   It is Classic Industrial at it's finest!  The furniture is contemporary classic - tufted sofas, wingback chairs, wooden industrial tables.  Simply stunning decor.  Beautifully decorated with a wall of windows overlooking the HRH pool, with a GINORMOUS patio outside that probably seats 100 people easy.  Hands down, best patio dining I have seen in Las Vegas!!   

I'm a terrible Yelper for not taking photos.  I was interviewing a job candidate - not showing off my YELP skillz.  You will have to go see the place for yourself! 

The food?  Oh yeah, the food!  They have an awesome starter menu of Antipasta where each table can individually create their own antipasta plate by filling out a menu card - similar to sushi places where you mark what you want.  We started with a few meats and cheeses - all of which we enjoyed.  They are served with some bread and mini breadsticks that resemble pretzels.  

The menu contains a little bit of everything.  Really, everything.  From meatloaf, to chicken curry, to fried chicken, to steak, to jambalaya, to a slew of salads and sandwiches.  There is something for everyone here.  

I decided to order the Bistro Steak - served with house fries and a gorgonzola sauce.  I don't consider myself a Steak connoisseur by any means - but this steak was awesome!!  Perfectly tender and juicy and charred - and served off the bone in a strip of mini segments of meat.  The fries are hand-cut and also very good.  My dining partners had the fried chicken and the salmon - both of which were devoured.  

For dessert we shared the Monkey Bread that other Yelpers recommended.  Served hot with a side of ice cream, it is PERFECT for sharing and was amazingly delicious!!  

Prices are actually reasonable - but if you want to enjoy the place you can expect about $50 per person with drinks for dinner.  Our party of 3 with many drinks, appetizer, entrees, and dessert ran us $177.  

The service was excellent - their beer selection is "crafty" and "traditional" and the restaurant ambiance is stellar.  We had a very enjoyable meal - staying for almost 3 hours and enjoying every minute.  I will return here soon with my husband and friends!!
The food was decent, i enjoyed the jambalaya and my husband the fish n chips. And the beer selection was okay as well. The waitstaff definitely acted too cool for school, though. Really, what do you expect when you hire a bunch of hipsters to attempt customer service?
This is my second time visiting this place after a bad experience in February.  In the interest of full disclosure, I was invited back by the manager for a free meal to make up for my prior bad experience so I will comment on that experience separate from the food.  

As far as making up ..they did that and more.  The service this time was excellent.  We were very well taken care of and I appreciate that my negative experience was important enough to them that they would bring me back to take another crack at it.  Great service ..the chef even personally delivered our meals (we all had salads).  

The food today was also excellent.  We had the gorgonzola chicken salad and the crispy shrimp caesar.  Both very flavorful.  We also tried the pretzel bread and fondue ...might be one of the best appetizers I've ever had.  The bread, by itself is great and ..of course ..most things taste better dipped in cheese.

So bravo to culinary dropout ...I am willing to go back there just for the pretzel bread ..but I am also anxious to see how the service is when my meal isn't being comped ..but they earned another shot ..so we'll see.
Visiting Vegas from Sam Francisco and was looking for a quick tip from yelp. This place had solid four stars after 123 reviews. How could that many yelpers be wrong.?

Well they weren't!  Had the pretzel fondue and yesterday soup for starters and both were great! Soup was very flavorful and came with a slice of toasted seasoned garlic bread. Only critique here might be a little less seasonings on the bread so you can use it to balance the taste of the very flavorful soup to your preference. The fondue was nice and saucy after having a chance to heat up. To make it easier for hungry diners to dig right in, perhaps it could have been melted to saucy consistency right before serving. It was only Luke warm when it got to the table, but warmed up nicely after a few minutes. After that, consistency and taste of cheese and pretzels were great!

Fried chicken was the main course and it did not disappoint! Cooked perfectly juicy tasty and tender, you get half a chicken, two sides and a biscuit so be hungry! Or share. 

Monkey bread for dessert. Fresh from the oven with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side. Like a different kind of apple pie a la mode.  If you have room left to enjoy this is the dessert to get! Or jut come in for dessert after a night of party or gaming.
Loved the funky poolside living room ambience, loved the salad, loved the service, loved the shoes.
Great visit. We sat outside during our visit and got to enjoy the live show!

Two things I came to Yelp about. First is the Soft Pretzels & Provolone. DUDE! Completely worth it! They were even good reheated. True story!
Second I must rave about the service that Felicia provided. What an experience! She is what I hope for everytime I visit a restaurant. Great service, great personality and completely knowledgable of the menu and made great suggestions. 
I can guarantee my return for the pretzels and I will definitely request Ms. Felicia! Me and my lady were completely impressed with everything.

If you're thinking about going, I hope that this review will convince you that it is totally worth a shot.
I was staying at the Hard Rock and checked out Yelp to figure out where to stop in for a quick dinner with my friends. I loved the chill vibe and cute decor of the restaurant. We checked out their patio but opted to sit indoors....the patio is super cute and has a great view of the pool. Now to the food....it was so good! I enjoyed every dish we ordered to share. The highlights were the artichoke app, turkey pastrami and the sweet corn pasta. The only complaint that I have is that it was tad warm in the dining area. Other than that...I def recommend for a casual dinner that has great food options!
way fun place.  Absolutely everything was great, from food to drinks to service. Bravo!
I have dined at Culinary Dropout twice, both before concerts. Even though I made a reservation each time (7pm on a Tuesday, 8pm on a Friday), it didn't seem necessary. My guest and I were seated without a wait. The ambience is cool, yet comfortable. It is difficult to identify servers since they do not have a uniform, but they are very attentive. 

On to the food...like all of the previous posters, you will do yourself a disservice if you don't have the soft pretzels with provolone fondue. If you don't use all of the cheese, save it for your meal. My husband dipped his fries in it and also spread it on his perfectly grilled burger. I had the chicken club sandwich. The chicken breast was grilled, tender, and flavorful. With the turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and honey mustard, it was a perfect combination of flavors and textures. 

I highly recommend saving room for dessert. This was my favorite part of the meals. The monkey bread is baked when you order it, served warm a la mode. Very delicious. However, I think my new favorite is the caramel custard. The very generous portion of the salted caramel custard has a consistency similar to creme brle. It is topped with a thick layer of caramel syrup and their own delicious caramel corn. It is decadent and rich, more than enough to share with one or two people. 

This restaurant may be a good replacement for a fun meal since Johnny Smalls closed.
What can I say...Great Place...Great staff, fun atmosphere. Looks out to the pool area at The Hard Rock Hotel. Good drinks, nice pours and the Pretzels are Amazing. I have been her several times now and it's been great each time.
This restaurant aims to please. The food is fantastic. I've been 3 times, and it will continue to be a place I bring guests from out of town.
I really wanted to like this place. The reviews on Yelp got me a little amped up and was about to forget about the fact that I'm about to spend $22 for a fried chicken dish. Others raved it was amazing and worth it. 

The hostess was great and seated us near the bar. We noticed it was incredibly hot in there and asked the staff if the air conditioning was on. Then I noticed the large sliding door behind the bar was open. Why would you have it open in June with it 95+ degrees outside. We were about to leave, but decided it would be worth it to stay.

Our server was the next bad part. He came right away with water but when we told him we were ready to order he told me he is only taking drink orders right now. We settled with just water. He came back 20 minutes later to finally take our food order. Again, we stayed because we knew it had to be worth it.

I ordered the fried chicken of course and my buddy ordered the stroganoff. Luckily it didn't take too long for the food to arrive though it wasn't fast either. I was starving by the time it arrived. I took a bite into the chicken and didn't really expect the honey glaze. It was alright, but just a little surprise. The chicken was cooked amazingly. The breast was very juicy and not dry at all. It did need some more seasoning though. It came with gravy so i guess you're supposed to dip it into it. The gravy was pretty bad. It tasted like it came in a paper pouch that you buy for $.50 at the grocery store.

The side dishes were not good. The cole slaw was soggy and lacked any flavor. Even with a ton of salt & pepper it didn't taste very good. The mashed potatoes tasted bland. What restaurant just serves mash potatoes with no seasonings or spices in it? Again, the gravy was bad. The biscuit though was really good. The honey crust on top was flavorful.

I wouldn't come back here. Everything on the menu was overly priced and sorry but the chicken was over hyped. Sure it was fried very nicely, but lacked spices.
I'm a local almost never eat at hotels but I was at the pool at Hard Rock last week and my friends and I were very hungry, the Dropout hit the spot, our server Dominique was very friendly and made some suggestions, great burgers and P.B.R... We all went back to the pool very content...
Pretzel Fondue...meat and cheese plate and meatloaf oh my! :)  It was a nice gesture for the GM to bring down the projector screen for us during the Stanley Cup Finals... hi-five GM.
The soft pretzels are a must do! The staff is always friendly and accomodating (during restaurant week one of the menu items that I wanted to try was not on the menu. In speaking with the chef I mentioned wanting to try it and he said he would kindly make the substitution for me). With all around good choices on the menu, they have one of the best outside dining experiences that I have been to so we enjoy coming here in the spring months for the atmosphere.
Been hearing good things about CD recently so I finally stopped in with a group of people for dinner.  Apparently, several in the group hadn't heard of CD and were putting me under the gun for my recommendation...in the end everyone gave me props.

We started with some antipasti which was all very good and if that's your thing I would recommend giving a meat, a cheese, olives, and tomatoes a whirl.  But at the very least, get yourself some of the 'crusty bread and good olive oil'  The bread was awesome and the olive oil was even better, I'd get it every time.

So many of the items on the menu sound good it was tough to decide.  The overwhelming favorite order was the Turkey Pastrami...how can you go wrong with a pretzel bun?  I was fortunate enough to convince a friend to go halfsies on the Turkey Pastrami and the Shaved Prime Rib dip.  We both agree the dip was phenom and the better of the two choice.

They have a pretty solid selection of beers and actually offer a cool deal where for $2.95 you can get a cheap as hell beer in a brown bag.  The beer was sort of a mystery and I think it changes every so often...it would even be better if it changed order to order.  This go around it was a 'Buck Range Light'.  I had never heard of it but someone at the table had.

The waiter mentioned they have some nice specials certain nights.  I think on some Sunday's they do $3 Jameson drinks and $1 oysters if you're into that.

The only thing keeping Culinary Dropout from a 5 star rating (in my opinion...obviously) are the portions.  For the prices we paid for a sandwich, I thought they could have been a little bigger.  The shave prime rib dip was amazing, but the given the size i could have had 1.5-2 easily.  For an $18 sandwich I'd hope to at least have to put up a fight to finish or feel full afterwards.  That's my only warning, otherwise, it's a pretty cool and delicious place to grab a meal.  They even feature outdoor seating for days when it isn't 115 degrees.
I really wish I could give this place a higher ranking...but I honestly wasn't impressed. The pretzels were really good, and the service was amazing, but everything else was...lack-luster? No seasoning...no flavor... disappointed to say the least.
I've waited 7 days to write this review but the sweetness of the king crab and the slithery deliciousness of the oysters are still fresh in my mind. Oh Culinary Dropout you are bad, very very bad!!! I was staying at the HRH on business and happened to stumble on this place and I'm so glad I did. I don't know if it was one too many vodka whatevers but everything tasted so good. Culinary Dropout you had me at provolone fondu! We started with pretzel and the very good cheese fondu and went to appetizer heaven from there. Next was fries and the homemade chips. Fried were perfectly crisp and the dip for the crunchy potato chips was definitely craveable. Next king crab legs, dozen oysters and huge monster shrimp. The oysters were beyond fresh, I mean it was like someone just dove into the ocean shucked them and brought them to us. Not to big but perfect to enjoy. The crab legs were obese with meat and equally fresh and good. The shrimp were so big that one was equivalent to other restaurants cocktail. Again equally fresh and so yummy. Next not the table was fresh French fries. I know what your thinking, Felicia, you already mentioned you had fries. Well guess what we ordered more!! Pigs, we were pigs!! Lastly, the monkey bread and vanilla bean ice cream. Words cannot do justice to this gooey, cinnamony, pillowy soft pull apart desert demon!! The ice cream was just icing. We didn't even get to any of the main courses so I will definitely be back but it will be so very hard not to order the exact same things. Service was awesome but to be honest the server could have slapped me and I would not have noticed with all of the goods!! You make me proud Culinary Dropout. Oh just in case you were wondering this place is way casual so don't worry about dressing up too much. Enjoy!
I am a fan!  I love the atmosphere of this place, casual and relaxed.  It was a comfortable environment to sit back, have some fun food and try a good beer.  My friend and I went during happy hour, it was perfect.  The food was simple and good.  The beer was excellent.  The door to the pool was open but I was not hot.  It was a pleasant experience and I would definitely go back.  Pretzels and cheese?  Awesomeness!  Oh, and it was not insanely busy or too crowded.
I really liked the vibe of this place. Very cool decor, industrial and modern/hip/chic. I ordered the egg white and chicken Fritatta. Ta-da! chicken and eggs. Yes, psychological but -- tasty :)
So Fun....... And the food is delicious too.

I was here with my coworkers and was so impressed with the food and atmosphere.  The food was average priced for vegas.  I had the Tuna Salad and my only issue was the fishy taste of the tuna.  The salad portion was excellent and the pretzel bites were awesome!
Never again.

My husband and I ate here on July 13th.  We were seated outside, under a mister that was more like  London drizzle than mist.  I ended up soaking wet from the back of my legs to the top of my shirt.

Next, the food.  I the pretzel roll fondue was the highlight and that isn't saying much.  The rolls tasted like store bought, but the fondue was good.  Thus the one star.

I had the fried chicken.  It came out greasy with a biscuit that tasted more like lard and a dash of honey than anything else.  The gravy was not good either.  I ate less than half of the chicken.

My husband had the jambalaya.  It was basically a bowl of rice.  We were warned it was spicy but that was not the case.  The sausage was flavorless and he had ONLY TWO SHRIMP, both of which were mealy and the size of a quarter.  I've had better quality cocktail shrimp at Du-Par's downtown.  Not worth the price.

I woke up later that night with a racing heart, nausea, and clammy skin.  I ended up sick and for the better part of the next day all I tasted was the grease from that chicken. 

As locals, we are always looking for a new, fun place to eat.  This ain't it.
Lots of hustle and bustle. Live music Friday and Saturday nights. The guy that plays the music on Saturday night is ridiculously talented. I'm going to go there some Saturday night just to eat pretzels with the cheese fondue and listen to that guy perform.
I love the Hard Rock as a property, and want to love all the food options as well, but wouldn't make the effort to return here. Funniest item was a honey almond micro brew from WI which came in a can so large that it was impossible to finish-good thing for beer I guess! Prices were firm for the portion sizes which were not generous-and the Seared Tuna Salad which I ordered was reasonably tasty-but the presentation was lackluster at best=looking like a bowl of lettuce with a few shreds of this or that thrown in and a few chopped up pieces of grey looking tuna which were certainly hard to distinguish from a lettuce leaf-hardly the normal presentation of fresh slices of seared rare tuna one would expect as the featured item in your bowl. Service was mediocre=no refills on ice tea and long lapses with barely a suggestion of dessert on a not full Monday night. Seems like an adequate option if you want drinks and bar food in an interesting vibe-but don't come hungry and expect to fill up unless you order plenty and if eating healthy is the idea-would pass also. Most of the rave food options are fried and heavy on fat loaded dips-maybe the right idea to ward off a hang over..
Ate here for dinner one night and it was just OK. I had the gorgonzola chicken salad, and it was SOAKED in dressing. I'm not someone who likes soaked lettuce, so this turned me off a bit. One person in my party got the jambalaya, and he thought it was decent. However, if you don't like spicy food, don't order this. He loves spicy food and this was pretty spicy for him. Other people got the chicken club, seared tuna salad, and prime rib dip. They all seemed happy with their selections.
Restaurant Report Card: C+ 

 I gamble at Hard Rock fairly frequently and I've always wanted to check this place out. The 4-star Yelp reviews and clever restaurant name is what sold me. Since I was dining with my imaginary friends, we headed over to the bar area to cause a ruckus. I ordered the Turkey Pastrami sandwich w/ side salad, based on the bartender's recommendation. 

As I was waiting, I people watched the hordes of tatted up, juiceheads and guidos running around half naked .My in-dining entertainment, included a patron who lined up a shot of vodka, the $4 pineapple mind eraser special, a Pabst Blue Ribbon, and a glass of wine and pounded all 4 drinks within a minute. Super classy.

The food arrived fairly quickly. The sandwich was served with a warm pretzel roll, with generous slices of turkey pastrami, swiss cheese, and smothered with cole slaw.  The sandwich was okay. Pretty messy to eat and it didn't have a wow-factor. The salad was just average too. Chilled romaine lettuce, bits of cucumber, and covered with a watery buttermilk ranch dressing. The menu, including water, came out to be a whoppin' $18 dollars with tip. 

The bartenders were friendly and was very prompted in serving us. I took a look at the drink menu prices, and we took our party elsewhere. 

A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
What more is there to say than Pretzel Bites with Provolone Fondue...amazing!

Sure Hard Rock Hotel is a bit out of the way, but if you're looking for a snack that will make your heart sing, go for the pretzel bites. That's pretty much all we got, and I'd still make a trip back for them. Yes, they are that good.
My girlfriend and I had the Pretzel Bun Sandwich with fries and a couple of IPA's. the food was GREAT! I came by to only get a quick bite, but it ended up being the best meal I had by far while i was in Vegas. The view is great of the pool area, with outdoor seating.

4 stars because the service was just... ok..
It was just after 11 AM and the fiance and I were waiting for our room at the Hard Rock to be readied.  We decided to grab lunch while we waited and made the call to try Culinary Dropout.  Culinary Dropout is a part of a chain of restaurants from Fox Restaurant Concepts primarily in Arizona but across the West.  Culinary Dropout describes itself as a gastropub with "creative cocktails" and an "inked-up" staff.  It lived up to the description and it was good fit within the Hard Rock.

While we were looking over the menu, we started off with drinks.  I had the Maria Pepino ($10) made with Espolon Blanco tequila, spiced tomato juice, pickled pepper juice and garnished with an olive, pepper, and lime.  It was nicely balanced and spicy.  The pickled pepper juice made for a great accompaniment to the light tequila.  To accompany our food, I ordered the Last Man Standing ($10) made with Old Overholt rye and spiced tomato juice, served with a salt & pepper rim and a dill pickle spear.  Being a big fan of rye whiskey, it was even more satisfying than my first round.  For our meal, we split a pair of appetizers, the Black Mussels ($13) and Grilled Artichokes ($13), and the Korean Style Ribeye Cap entre ($32).  We received maybe a pound of mussels that were fresh and properly cooked.  They were bathed in a flavorful broth made with spicy sausage of an undetermined type (I assumed chorizo), amber ale, and accompanied by a couple of slices of grilled bread.  It was a satisfying dish.  The grilled artichokes were less successful.  We received a single, small-sized artichoke cut in half, brushed with oil, grilled, seasoned with sea salt and served with lemon aioli.  While the artichoke really had a great grilled flavor, picking up a nice smokiness, from what I'm assuming was from a wood-fired grill, the small size of the head did not withstand the cooking well, drying it out, reducing the already small amount of "meat" to be found.  It was overpriced and a disappointment.  Our Korean Style Ribeye Cap (maybe a 6 oz. cut) was cooked perfectly to our requested medium rare and and seemingly topped with a red chili pepper, kimchi-style sauce and pickled vegetables and cilantro.  It was immensely flavorful.  Therein lies the conceptual problem with the dish.  The ribeye cap is nicknamed "Butcher's Butter" and is touted to be the tastiest cut of beef.  Sadly, the bold sauce covered up the meaty goodness of a cut that probably should've been left unadorned.  I liken the use of ribeye cap in this dish to that of making hamburgers with A5 kobe beef...a waste of a great piece of meat.  A different, less expensive, cut of meat should've been used for this otherwise tasty dish, which could've dropped the price by $7-10.

In the end, Culinary Dropout got its GED (Good Enough Dining).  Service was a strength as it was friendly, attentive, and really made us feel like welcomed guests.  Its cocktails were well conceived, well made, and a solid value.  The food, however, while flavorful, suffered from questionable decision making on how dishes were prepared and from pricing that did not offer a lot of bang for the buck.
Large space, laid back vibe. We arrived for some informal dinner and ordered a variety of different drinks and foods. All their specialty cocktails were yummy, I got a greyhound and when I told our waiter it was tasting a little watered down/light he didnt hesitate to make it better (read stronger). SWe go the chacutuerie plate, I liked the roasted tomates that we ordered but none of the meat or cheese stood out to me. Also shared the fried chicken which had a sweet sauce on it, not a fan of that. The mashed potatoes were good though. Jambalyaya was OK, tasted more like cajun flavored fried rice because the texture of the rice wasn't as sticky as I imagined Jambalaya to be. Overall a fun place to hang out but I wasn't wowed by the food.
Just had
 dinner there last night before Hall & Oats Concert, great scene and wonderful time had by all. They offer great draught micro-brew beers served cold in a nice pint glass. We both had the soup du jour ( chicken & rice) great stuff. For our entree grilled chicken salad and chicken walnut salad, both were great. Loved there homemade appetizer chips with french onion dip. Bottom line would definitely go again in fact plan on quick revisit.
We were hungry and walked by this restaurant and decided to give it a try. There are only so many times that you can have the 777 at Mr. Lucky's!

They asked us if we wanted to sit outside and we did. Glad we did bc it was a real nice atmosphere with the pool behind me and the unmatchy vintage furniture, I enjoyed it lol

I had their Seared Tuna Salad and it was VERY tasty. In the last few months I've had this salad at other places and I've been so disappointed so it was a nice change for people to give a poop about the quality of their food.

The rest of my company were happy with their food and enjoyed the atmosphere as much as I did. We don't come out this way very often but if we are in the area, we definitely come here again... 777, maybe if I don't have you for a few years I'll come see you again :P
Came for HH and a craving for the Bacon Bloody Mary, but alas there would be no BM's today, as the mixes were not made.  Settled on one of the HH drink specials-a $3 mug of Batch 19 Pre-Prohibition lager.

We sat inside, watched the pool frolickers and I breathed a sigh of relief to see that our drinks were not served in mason jars-they were used for jelly jar lighting instead-insert sigh of relief here-and I could  just get back to singing along with the Arctic Monkeys with my inside voice. 

Soon after we were seated came a whole table of douchery, worse, a hoard of excessively drunk and loud douchery lead by a extremely loud douchebaguette.  Fortunately, she didn't have the moves like Jagger, nor the constitution like Richards and vanished (most likely to the nearest restroom) for the majority of our stay.

All our niblies ( which turned out to be a vast amount of food) were expertly served by Devon:

Pretzel Bites with Provolone Fondue-totally delish carb and cheese goodness

Grilled Cheese Sliders-a bit uneventful

Meatloaf Sandwich-too muted and bland

House Potato Chips & Onion dip-succinctly tasty 

Would definitely return to try their main menu.
Took some friends here that were visiting from Alabama. It was also our first time. We all really enjoyed our lunch. Sitting outside by the pool was relaxing.

The pretzel and cheese appetizer was probably my favorite part. I also tried the fried chicken that is in a honey batter and the prime rib french dip. For desert we had the caramel popcorn on custard and the monkey bread with ice cream.... MMMMMM!

Had excellent service as well. Our waitress kept our drinks refilled and the manager even said hello as we were being seated and gave some food suggestions.
I am not really sure why I am not giving this place 5 Stars... I was in Vegas about a week ago and we were having a low key night after all day hangover's.... We were really hankering for fried chicken, so I "Yelp'ed" fried chicken and this place popped up not too far of a trek from MGM Signature Hotel where we were staying. I have to tell you the atmosphere was so relaxed, we sat outside near the pool at Hard Rock Hotel and lounged on the couches. They even have a Beer Pong table! We ordered the delicious pretzel bites and cheese fondu, which was a hit! But I have to say the Fried Chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy was to die for! This is one of the best meals I have every had on my trips to Vegas - and the prices were so reasonable! I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for good drink prices and some comfort food! What an amazing place! Can't wait to go back to Vegas just to come here :)
Ok place, very limited menu and over priced for what you get. I was staying @ the hotel, and as my room and meals were comped, I wanted to try it out. For a comped meal it was fine, but nothing special. Had a burger and fries here, but surprised that the portion size was so small.
Service was also lacking w long wait times to clear the dishes and refill drinks, surprising it was not crowded on a Sunday afternoon. My friends also agreed it is not a place worth visiting again.
Bumping this up a notch.  After attending a soft opening of their upcoming brunch menu including egg white frittata, breakfast burrito, and cap'n crunch french toast, and getting to know the GM, Chef, Somallier and waitress, I was really impressed with the pride they take in their restaurant.  The food is consistently top quality but the prices are much less than you would pay in fancier establishments.  They have TV so if the brunch works out you know where I will be on Sundays during football season.
Fun & casual. Sat outside in a corner booth...great seat for a date. Great fried chicken!
We arrived at 5pm on a Saturday evening. We sat next to the window to get a view of the patio/pool area. It is mid August and they had the door open to the pool area, OPEN! It was so hot and uncomfortable in the restaurant. The open door invited unwelcome guests to our dining experience like flies on the window and 2 birds that hung out around our table. 
We ordered grilled asparagus- $4 for 5 wilted spears- that comes out to $1.25 a SPEAR.
I ordered King Crab legs for dinner. They came on a plate of ice. They were only slightly cracked. I asked for crab leg crackers. The waitress said that they didn't have any. How was I supposed to eat my crab legs? She took them back and had them split again. Needless to say I ended up with crab meat in my hair, on my lap, and on the floor. 
My bf had a burger that he compared to the average burger joint.
The resurrection of the meal was the monkey bread. It was hot, moist, and delicious.
Restaurant inside the HardRock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. The bar and outdoor seating face the iconic pool at the hard rock.Different Culinary creations Daily . Everything from seafood to bar food
Expensive Pool Food, nothing more!
Pros: Food was great! We got the pretzels and fondue which was delish. My eldest got the pan seared steak and he loved it. My youngest got the Italian salad and he was pleased. My man got the ribs and said they were the best ever. I got the vegetarian entree, sweet corn cannelloni, and I would def go back for it. So, that being said, the food made everything else worth it. 
Cons: it was very noisy, but we were at the hard rock hotel, so that's to be expected. My biggest issue was the temperature. It was about 107 outside and for whatever reason they had the wall behind the bar open, which let all the hot air in. I was literally sweating balls the whole time and it was after 9. Uffff. I guess it helps with their beer sales.
I came here around 6pm on a Wednesday.  The place was almost empty which was perfect.  My friend and I didn't have to wait to be seated or anything and service was prompt.

I started off with the soft pretzels and fondue. That coupled with an IPA that they had on tap (sorry I forgot the name of it) was PERFECT!  Then I had the Fried chicken that came with mashed potatoes, cole slaw and a biscuit.  Again, PERFECT.  Easily some of the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life.  Perfectly crispy, yet tender and extremely juicy.

For dessert I had the Salted Caramel custard with popcorn.  Again, this place completely nailed it on everything that I ordered.  

I rarely give out a 5 star review but this place was as close to perfect as you can get (considering where I was and what I was in the mood for at that moment in time).

I'd recommend coming at an off-peak hour as I hear that place can get pretty crowded and have longer wait times to be seated.  So if you're in Vegas and in the mood for comfort food and great beer, there really isn't another spot on the strip to go to!
NEVER COME TO VEGAS W/O EATING HERE. Wow factor food, prices and service.. Our server (Natalie) might have been the best, ever. Cool, unique place and the PATIO IS TO DIE FOR! Time and money well spent here, always.
I like to bring my out of town friends here for dinner because I like the laid back but classy atmosphere! It's a nice break from the strip too because the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino is a little bit off the strip. I have loved everything I've tried so far!!!
The Soft Pretzels and Provolone Cheese Fondue are the perfect drunk food.  You get a basket of freshly prepared pretzel balls and a pot of warm, gooey provolone.  It's the adult equivalent of Handi-Snacks.

The service was great.  Super friendly employees, and our drinks were constantly filled.  Our waitress even split our orders up into separate plates when we told her we were sharing.  

The other food we ordered, on the other hand, was only a small notch above your standard diner fare.  The Fried Chicken was fine, but not nearly as spectacular as a lot of fellow Yelpers have made it out to be; it's very much your run-of-the-mill cornflake-crusted fried chicken with a drizzle of maple syrup (and a $22 price tag).  We also got the Pub Burger, which again was just about as good as your run-of-the-mill burger at a diner would be.  It sort of felt like they were sending food over from Mr. Lucky's next door and charging a premium to be seated in a gastropub-type environment.
Had a lovely Caesar salad w/ shrimp and kale for lunch. It was very tasty and delish. The ambiance was awesome as well. Co-workers had the pretzel sandwich with turkey and pastrami and raved about it. The Italian grinder sandwich received a two thumbs up as well. Definitely a must try when at Hard Rock Hotel.
Very disappointing.  Wanted a quick "light" dinner that ended up taking 2 HOURS!  Slow service and letting us know they were out of what we ordered after a loooong wait.  They did end up giving us more food than we ordered to try and compensate.
Was very excited to try but super disappointed !! Service was horrible food was ok . The interior was beautifully decorated that was worth the visit ! Went in before a show and had to track our server down just to get out of there!!! Same with drinks and food waited a loooong time for everything !!!
Been here 3 times in the last several days.  Very cool place with an urban feel but very roomy and sophisticated in it's own way.  The French Dip and burger were both very good.  The fries were awesome as well.  The brunch was tasty, eggs and bacon, French toast, coffee, mimosa's, and more.  The employees are very friendly and helpful too.  Will try the locations in AZ for sure.
I have heard wonderful things about Culinary Dropout, so my husband and I were super excited to try it with some friends.  I ordered the fried chicken - now, I have to say, I am a Kentucky girl.  I know my fried chicken.  I haven't had awesome fried chicken since I moved out of Kentucky almost a year ago.  Culinary Dropout has ahhhhhmazing fried chicken.  The prices are a bit high, but the food is delicious.  My meal came with three pieces of chicken (a leg, breast & thigh), coleslaw, mashed potatoes & a honey biscuit - for $22.  

The restaurant, itself is beautifully decorated.  There is an open patio section with cool fire pit tables.  (My description is terrible - go see for yourself!).  I'm a professional photographer & would looove to shoot inside this place.  It's so cool.  The staff was very nice and our waitress held herself together well when some douche grabbed her butt while she was taking his order.  For me, the music was a bit loud.  We could barely hear our friends talking, so it's not great for conversation.  & the only other downside is that it's in the Hard Rock, which is quite possibly the douchiest place in Las Vegas.  We dodged about 10 Bachelor parties and a gaggle of obnoxious drunk girls (at 5:30 in the afternoon - I know this is Vegas, but geez...at least wait until after dark to be so drunk you can't walk.) just getting to the actual restaurant.

Go.  Eat.  Dodge drunk guys.  Be happy.
Culinary dropout is no dropout...it's more like a knockout!  I've eaten there quite a few times now and can honestly say that I've never had a bad dish

Pretzels & fondue: freshly baked pretzel bites with a provolone and fontina fondue are perfectly soft bites of ptrezel and gooey cheese. 

Turkey Reuben: boyfriend loves this dish. In house smoked turkey pastrami, coleslaw, thousand island on fresh baked pretzel roll. The turkey is tender and perfectly smoked. The side of fries are decadent an perfectly salty. 

Breakfast burrito: scrambled eggs (I opt for egg whites) sauted pablano peppers, bacon and cheese wrapped in a soft flour tortilla and served with house potatoes. Very good, salsa on the side and the potatoes are delish!

Yogurt parfait: Greek vanilla yogurt, house made granola and fruit is a good light way to start the day. 

Prime rib dip: tender prime rib, fontina cheese, horseradish and au jus served on a homemade French roll. Tender, succulent roast beef, literally melts in your mouth. 

The bottomless mimosas on Saturdays & Sundays will start your day off right and their Moscow mules are light, crisp and refreshing. 

Located in the middle of the hard rock, the urban decor, the service and the food will get your day rockin
Update: Hands down the best food at the Hard Rock and the servers are so much fun too. We loved our server, Benny. He was friendly, full of great suggestions, and took excellent care of our table, the pretzels and kale salad are my fave snacks and the sweet potato cannolini was STUPID good. And any drink you order will be amazing. Happy hour is a really good deal too. Love this place. 

Original review: My friend and I LOVED this place. We stopped by prior to the Motley Crue concert for dinner and drinks. We sat at the bar since we didn't have a reservation and didn't feel like waiting (though it was only a 20 minute wait on a friday night at 7:30). The ambiance inside was dark but inviting. Outside was chill with fire pits and comfortable loungey furniture. The bar had seats inside and outside. The bartenders were very friendly and offered suggestions for dinner and drink when we asked their opinion. The drinks were very tasty and made with fresh ingredients. I had something similar to a Kentucky Mule (Bourbon instead of Vodka so it's not a Moscow Mule) and my friend had a Tequila house drink recommended by the bartender. Both drinks were amazing!! For dinner we had a sweet corn cannelloni served with a butter sauce, roasted tomatoes, and a hint of truffle sauce. Simple, delicious, and not heavy as one would expect being a pasta dish. We also had some pretzel bites served with a cheese fondue which was a great bar dish to have with strong cocktails! The drinks were so good, we ended up stopping in for another one after the show! HIGHLY recommend Culinary Dropout if you are at the Hard Rock!
Love this place... Great drinks great food and even better service a must to check out while in vegas
Glad to see a newer dining selction inside the Hard Rock. Culinary Dropout fits in nicely between the ultra casual Lucky's 24/7 Diner and the much higher end NOBU and 35 Steaks and Martini on the HR property. Culinary Dropout is more what I would describe as comfort food, they have a pretty decent menu that should suit most. Some freinds and I dropped in for a bite and ate outside poolside for lunch one afternoon. I went with an order of the hot pretzels with fondue dips and a turkey reuben, both were delish. Service was good too, I have no real complaints and would recommend this place to fellow Yelpers and freinds in a heart beat.
I debated for quite awhile with myself about this review.  The fried chicken is the best I've had in Las Vegas.  It was a 6 star dish.  But, the rest of the meal was not, so that's how I arrive at 4 stars.

We had lunch at Culinary Dropout on a weekday around 1.  It was not crowded, a few tables outside and maybe 4 people at the bar.  So, we sat right down.  Our server came right over for our drinks, but after that, service was a little spotty.  I don't know if she was also working tables outside or doing something in the back, but I feel like we went long periods without even seeing her in the restaurant.  So, that was a little annoying.

To start, we had a charcuterie plate.  This includes a good amount of bread and some jam.  We had a blue, a cheddar, and some Iberico ham.  All of it was fantastic, the ham was, of course, the star.  Soft in texture and almost buttery, it's phenomenal.  

For lunch, as I noted above, I had the fried chicken.  This includes 3 pieces, potatoes, a honey biscuit and gravy.  They drizzle a little honey over the chicken.  Not so much that it overpowers the dish or affects the crispiness of the skin, but enough so you get a little sweet taste with each bite.  This chicken was excellent.  Crispy skin that adhered to the meat, seasoned meat, and the meat remained juicy (even on the white pieces).  It's a steal at $22.  This dish came with a lot of hype, I had heard from many people how fantastic it was, and it delivered.  The potatoes were fine, both they and the gravy needed seasoning.  The biscuit was not as flaky as I like, and it was lukewarm.  So, those items were a little disappointing compared to the chicken.  But, I would certainly order this again knowing that the other parts of the dish were not as good as the chicken.  It's that good.

The wife had the grilled cheese and yesterday's soup, which was tomato bisque.  I don't usually care for tomato soups, but I liked this one.  Hearty and had a lot of seasoning.  Good tomato flavored accentuated by the seasoning.  It was of course excellent when you dip the sandwich into the soup.  

I don't frequent the Hard Rock Casino, but I would absolutely return just to eat here again.  I recommend you do the same.
Couple things to know about my evening at the bar by myself here.   First off, I'm a talker.   If the bartender doesn't want to talk to me for some reason, I'll talk to anyone.   Coming to rescue for this place was a hysterical bar back who by the end had written an entire back story to the show Rehab.   What's more, it was on his recommendation that I  ordered this crazy good fried chicken.   Anyway the back story was that this restaurant was place where the beautiful people of the show Rehab go to retire, grow old, put on a couple pounds etc.   I'm adding a picture here of the mean bartender (at the very least she was uncomfortably unfriendly) so that just like bad reviews on food, someone finds a better recipe.
Food was great! Service was great! Atmosphere was amazing! Try the pretzel dippers and grilled asparagus (ask for it hot). This was the only plus to staying at the Hard Rock.
I dig the place. The happy hour is pretty decent. It helps that location is centralized and off the strip. There is an outdoor area for dining. I have been here for brunch and I actually prefer brunch here over dinner/ happy hours. But I have to say that those pretzel bites are AMAZING! 

Was not a fan of the service (unless you are at the bar). I just felt that alot of the staff had that "i'm here to get tips, and do the minimum work... while getting paid". 

Brunch is what saves this review from getting just two stars. I feel the brunch staff is far more attentive and knows the menu more, while giving their own personal suggestions. LOVE THAT FRENCH TOAST!
Cool and hip!

I love the decor and the patio is AWESOME.  There are Alice in Wonderland type chairs, couches, regular tables, fire pits, and a great view of the pool.  The patio is a great place to hang out for brunch in the daytime or drinks in the afternoon.

The food here has been delicious both times I have gone.  I got the ahi tuna salad the first time.  LOTS of avocado and the wasbai peas were a little kick of surprise.  The next time I went I got a sandwich (pastrami I think?) and it was on a pretzel roll.  I just remember the damn delicious pretzel roll.  They have this fondue that looks scrumptious, but I've never gotten it because I think I would just eat the cheese with a spoon and people might judge me for that, you know?

This is a really fun place that would be good for groups or a date.  Very trendy.
Best happy hour in Vegas. Craft brews, delicious snacks and sammies. Our sever Dana was great and her manager was quite thankful for us taking Mo-vember photos to support men's cancer awareness. WILL BE BACK. 

No photos because we inhaled everything.
YUM! We went for happy hour on Friday at around 4pm- great deal on drinks and apps. I got the meatloaf sandwich for $6 which was an absolute steal for the price and very yummy. My friends got the chips and ranch dip (yum) and the pretzels w cheese fondue which was my favorite- the cheese sauce was unique- creamy and semi like regular nacho cheese w a twist- amazing cheese I can't describe it but just trust me. Pretzel dough was fresh and hot.  Happy hour prices made this an absolute will come back. Locals get 25% off too. Service was great.
Culinary Dropout was a great experience. Our waitress was very personable, and she had many recommendations.  It was nice because it was just off the strip, so not very crowded, but we were very early (5pm) because of a show.  There was a nice outdoor patio, too.  The roasted beets were amazing!!
More like Culinary dropped the ball. We went here for some easy pre-going out food since we were staying at the Hard Rock and I was not so impressed. 

I came in with high expectations because it seemed like a super cool atmosphere with fire pits and good lighting but left annoyed and unsatisfied. 

First, they wanted to sit us at some chairs outside that didn't have a table where "most guests just put their plates on their lap" I'm sorry but I'm not paying money to have a glorified picnic. 

When we did get a table our waiter took foreverrrrr and he was not accommodating to vegetarians AT ALL. Usually restaurants have several options (not just one salad) seeing as people have dietary restrictions. I would have been happy with regular pasta with marina sauce but no. 

When we finally got the food, it was luke warm and again, disappointing. When we tried to get our bill, we had to find another waitress because our waiter was MIA. Like I understand it's busy but don't neglect your customers all together.
This place is awesome! My boyfriend and I were just in Vegas and stayed at HR. We first went to Culinary Dropout Sunday morning before Rehab. The service was incredible!! I didn't know what I wanted to drink and our server made a perfect suggestion (some sort of gin drink, maybe ginger beer too? He described it as a spinoff of a mimosa). The food was really really good. We went back the morning of our checkout but misses breakfast so we didn't stay. But our second server was very courteous and understanding, she even have me coffee to go. We will definitely be back here anytime we go to Vegas, whether we stay at Hard Rock or not. The decor is like an industrial kitchen, open and comfortable. The patio is edged by the pool so all around the venue is fantastic. Definitely one of my top restaurants in Vegas and overall favorites.
god damn i love this place... 

my wife and i frequent this place alot... the food is absolutely amazing.  the service is top notch. i am a big fan of their pretzel balls and meatloaf.. and their oysters are to die for! 

5 stars!!
I came here for happy hour. It was practically empty - just a couple of other folks sitting at the bar. The space itself is nice - big and open. The bartender was really nice and friendly. The happy hour deals are great. $3 for draft beer. And an assortment of half-off menu items - chips and dip, fries, grilled cheese sliders, etc. I went with the chips and onion dip. The portion was plentiful. The chips were large and just the right level of thickness and crispness. The dip was creamy and tasty and not overly onion-y. Based on my limited experience here, I would most definitely return.
This place is great for any occasion! The music is fun the servers are dressed casually (good for them) I thought it was cute! And the decor is fun and contemporary and random. The food was 4.5-5 star quality. We got the jambalaya split, but really it was enough food for one. And the pretzels which are just enough to split. I highly recommend both choices they were delicious. Our server was great as well. I already am planning my next trip back for drinks and to try the raw bar
The Hard Rock on a Sunday night - empty!  I was here for dinner with a friend and we shared some Charcuterie to start then I sampled their "famous" fried chicken.  There was some initial confusion because both our drink menu and our charcuterie options were outdated, but the server handled it well and I was happy with the tasty soppresseta and cheese.  I think it is a little much to charge for bread when I am paying for both meat and cheese separately, but with a few accompaniments, we could have easily made this our meal.
I thought the fried chicken wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, either.  It came with a large biscuit, but no butter and the cole slaw was incredibly bland.  The drumstick and thigh were both juicy, but the breast was quite tough.
We finished with the baked-to-order apple monkey bread, which was meh.
All in all, this wouldn't be worth a trip to the Hard Rock, but if you were there already and hungry, you could find some decent food.
Culinary Dropout is in the Hard Rock Hotel. My GF and I went there on a whim today for some lunch. We were not dressed up and we were hungover, but we decided to go in anyway. My brother frequents this place in Arizona, so we had some ideas about what to order. We started out with the pretzel bites with provolone cheese fondue. I highly recommend this appetizer, the only downside is that I filled up and could not finish my pub burger. The burger was exactly what I was looking for, gastropub style with lots of flavor. I was sad that I could not finish it. My GF got the breakfast burrito, which was fantastic. For drinks I had The After School Special. Thumbs up in my book. The girlfriend had the bottomless mimosas, can't go wrong there. We had our service dog with us, the staff was more than friendly with him being with us ( I know it's a law that an establishment can't discriminate, but trust me, it happens) We sat on the patio and had our drinks while watching the staff shave their Mo-vember mustaches off. Great people watching. Our waiter Shaun, was not only a great server, but a great human being. He talked with us for a long time and made us feel right at home. I really liked this place and will be back. Next time you are at Hard Rock, skip the gross restaurant Pink Taco, and head into Culinary Dropout. Look for the tattooed server named Shaun, you won't be disappointed.
This place is located inside the Hard Rock in Vegas and unlike Pink Taco that is also in there, this place is really good.  Decided to check it out due to the persuasive hostess, glad we did.  It's got quite the selection of food.  The appetizers we had were homemade potato chips, really good, and warm pretzels with cheese dip, ah-mazing.  Service was great too, quick and friendly.  Highly recommend.
Great food here. Try the corn ravioli and the Gorgonzola chicken salad.
This place was fantastic! It was the best place to stop by for bottomless mimosas and delicious food after a girls trip to Vegas. 

Sean, our waiter, was amazing! He was super friendly and made time to go over the menu with us! His recommendations were amazing! The soft pretzels with fondue provolone cheese was delicious! Also, loved the Captain Crunch French toast! 

Definitely will be coming back the next time I'm in town!
My husband and I decided to drop in on a friend at Culinary Dropout and test out his new digs.  We left completely satisfied and wanting to try more.  We first tried the Burrata, a cream infuse mozzarella with persimmon, brussels sprouts, hazelnuts, and grilled croutons. As if fresh mozzarella isn't creamy enough, this just melted in your mouth. The roasted hazelnuts and crispy brussels sprouts leaves brought a delightful texture to the party in my mouth.  Our second appetizer was their infamous  soft pretzels and provolone fondue.  Delicious is an understatement.  The pretzel knobs were soft and airy on the inside, with a soft, chewy, shimmery outside. And the fondue...OH THE FONDUE... The provolone fondue to the pretzel is like a micro fleece blanket and a wood fire to you and I.  Let's just say I'm on a mission to replicate the recipe.  For entree's, we ordered the goulash and jambalaya.  Sounds ordinary, but Culinary Dropout took it to the extraordinary.  The spices were BAM! spot on.  The portions, well worth it.  Who knew leftover jambalaya would be so good for breakfast?!  I do now. We ended the meal sharing the chocolate and peanut brittle tart, a rich chocolate gonosh in a flaky crust sprinkled with peanut brittle.  Delicious.

We will definitely find ourselves back there to  try other items on the menu and more pretzels and fondue.  Cannot wait.
Went to Vegas on a company trip and over 200 of us stayed at the HardRock Hotel.  When we got to the hotel around lunch time we had some free time to spend for lunch

We didn't want to go too far since we had to be at the hotel by a certain time so we searched for restaurants inside the hotel.  Culinary Dropouts sounded interesting since we've had Hard Rock Caf and Pink
Tacos before so about a 12 of us decided to check it out.

There we see the lunch menu was dominated by a selection of burgers so we all ordered burgers.  I had the pub burger.  Yummy the meat was juicy and the buns were so good~ I should've read the yelp reviews because I know I would totally enjoy the pretzel bites!  I ate everything to the last piece of fries :D

Service was great~ our waitress was fun and happy and had no problem serving our big party :). Thank you for a great time!
The name is great and the restaurant itself is awesome with a cool view of the pool. They also have these really big comfy chairs that would be fun to sit back in while watching a game and enjoying a beer. I've read some bad reviews about their staff but our waitress was really friendly so that was a plus too.

The food is where everything went downhill. We ordered pretzels with fondue cheese...which to me, was microwaved pretzel bites not cooked fully and some packaged cheese dip thrown over a candle. My wife had fried chicken which somehow got cooked in less than 5 minutes and was terrible, she barely even touched the food. The skin was soggy and gross, the meat was dry and had no flavor...worst of all it cost $22! I had a shaved prime rib dip that had a ton of fat with no flavor. I'm not sure how they justify $18 for this sandwich or the crazy prizes for anything else on their menu. 

Culinary Dropout has pretty much everything going for it besides just one thing...good food. If it weren't for our waitress, I probably would have given this place 1 star. There was just nothing good about it. We wanted to try the monkey bread so bad but I really didn't feel like throwing away another $10 here!
Had heard some good things about this place so we decided to stop by while in Vegas.

The pretzel fondue came highly recommended so we gave it a go. Frankly it tasted like soft pretzel bites dipped in milky nacho cheese more than a fondue. 

I usually go with the yelp highlights, but in this case it was the fried chicken and it sounded a bit heavy at the time. I decided to go with the chicken sandwich (I believe it was on a focaccia roll). It was relatively good, but not particularly memorable. 

All in all, the meal and the service were ok, but nothing stood out.

Given the massive amount of dining options in Vegas, I'm unlikely to come back under my own volition, but I wouldn't be opposed if a friend was set on going.
Rating it strictly for Happy Hour. Pretzels with fondue was mediocre at best and despite only costing $6, not worth it.  I'd prefer a smaller portion with higher quality fondue.  The salmon bruschetta was akin to tuna fish smear on overly thick bread coupled with a pale out of season tomato, some capers and marinated red onion.  Poor balance on flavors to say the least.  HH wasn't enough to lure me into ordering dinner.
Check out their happy hour. Monday through Friday, from 3-6, it includes $3-6 snacks, as well as $3 PBR mugs, $4 well cocktails, and $6 mystery shot and beer.  I stuck with the wells, but they were well made and you can get them with their house-made lemonade.

We sampled the meatloaf sandwich and cheese sliders (both $6) and the house-made chips and onion dip ($3).  The portions are great (regular sized meatloaf and three mini grilled cheese sandwiches); these were delicious. The grilled cheese were perfectly golden and melted and the meatloaf was tender with a great sauce. I loved the homemade onion dip---yum!  The pretzel bites looked good and came in a generous quantity, and the antipasto platter also looked good, but alas, we were too full from our hearty snacks.

Great open floor plan lets you see the kitchen, the bar, and out to the patio/pool (it was closed on the December evening when we were there). Service was great, and although it was a Friday evening at 5 pm, with a Bowl Game in town, we were able to be seated immediately.  I wish that I would have gone on earlier in the week (so I could go back several times during my trips.
Happy hour here rocks!  M-F 3-6pm they have a variety of appetizers including meatloaf sandwiches ($6), grilled cheese sliders (3 sliders $6), pretzels with cheese ($4) and fries ($3).  The drink specials are pretty fair by LV standards with $4 wells and $3 PBR mugs.  The service was fast, and I liked the laid back atmosphere here.  It was a great place to start off our night with tasty food and a few drinks.

The meatloaf sandwich was delicious!! It has a ketchup reductions that was sweet and savory, perfectly complementing the soft egg bun and tender meat.  The grilled cheese sliders were nicely toasted and tasty as well.  Definitely worth a stop if you are in the area.
Had a drink at the bar before dinner, Nice looking room they did a good job with patio. Food was average at best. 
Everything was prepared just ok. The service was attentive and pleasant.
CD is my favorite bar/restaurant inside my favorite hotel casino in Las Vegas.  A very good yet eclectic drink selection, small but good beer selection and a varied menu.  Add this all up to include a cheerful & competent wait staff and bartenders.....ding ding ding!!  We have ourselves a winner folks!  Others have spoke about the awesome happy hour specials so there's nothing more I can add to what's been said already.

Speaking of the bartenders, Jamie was very attentive and knowledgeable about the various drinks to choose from. She is the best of an already good group.  Her pleasant and happy demeanor made a good place that much better.  Needless to say, anytime I'm back in Las Vegas, a visit to CD will be on my agenda!
Mmmmmm. This place is delish. 
First of all, walking in. The atmosphere is awesome. Dark with a young, hip feeling. The staff has no uniforms, which is cool. Everyone has their own style. The decor is also cool. The chairs and plates are all mismatched but go together. Red, black and white plates are stacked by the kitchen. 

Now- the food. 
We got the pretzels and cheese fondue. Let me just say: to DIE for. Seriously. I could probably just eat that as a meal. Pretzels are big and soft nuggets with just enough salt. The cheese fondue is perfecttttt. 
I got a crispy shrimp Caesar salad. Pretty good, but then again, I've never had any sort of Caesar salad I didn't like.
My boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich I think it was? Some sort of steak and cheese. The bread was nice and soft, not all hard and crusty like most rolls I've had/seen. Meat was tender and the cheese was good. I had one fry, wasn't impressed. 

All in all, I loved it all. The service was good. Atmosphere was nice. Good was good. I'll definitely be back, even if only for the pretzels and cheese.
I wasn't sure about this restaurant, and wasn't super hopeful looking at the menu at first since I'm gluten free.  We ordered the house potato chips for an appetizer, and they were so good, the onion dip they come with is plain addicting!!

Their kale and sweet potato salad kept catching my eye; I was nervous that I wouldn't like it but I was so intrigued I just had to order it and man, am I glad that I did!  It was AMAZING.  Lettuce and kale, roasted sweet potato, walnuts, goats cheese, pears pomegranate arils (I may be forgetting a couple things), all topped with a vinaigrette.  I can't stop thinking about it!  We hardly ever venture down by the strip but I can't wait to go here again.

And even though I just had some chips and a salad, I was definitely full by the end of the meal.
Made reservations for 6 pm on Saturday before checking out Zac Brown Band. So glad we had reservations as we were walking in, the hostess was telling a party of three, who did not have reservations, the place was completely booked for the night. Maybe it was due to ZBB performing there that night or maybe that's the usual for a Saturday night. I'm not sure. The hostess was super pleasant and our servers were pretty chill and laid back. Not too obtrusive which is just the way I like it.

The restaurant's decor is fabulous. English Pub meets Vintage Hollywood. Perfect for the Hard Rock. Hip and cool and definitely caters to a younger crowd (or the young at heart). We were seated by the window, which ended up being a quieter table (relatively speaking, of course. The place is loud and unapologetic about it. It is the Hard Rock, after all. Quiet and romantic this place is not.). 

The BF ordered the grilled cheese sliders with fries. I didn't care for either. The bread on the grilled cheese was way too thick, too hard, and dry. Not enough butter, in my opinion. I like my grilled cheese more on the greasy side. The cheese tasted slightly grainy. Maybe the provolone fondue set the bar too high for me that night. The bacon was sparse and a little overdone. The fries were okay. Nothing special about em. The dish looked good but I didn't think it tasted as good as it looked.

I ordered the highly recommended pretzels and provolone fondue based on yelp recommendations. Truth be told, that dish is why I wanted to go to Culinary Dropout. And a little more truth...before I give my opinion on the dish, I need to say I've been going low carb for a while so when I indulge, it needs to be good or I will be a big, terrible, cranky, mean monster. It's true. This was my night to cheat and I was going to do it BIG.

So, was it worth it? Oh. Yeah. 

Did I stuff myself silly?  Yes. Yes, I did. I did share one or two pieces but I wasn't happy about it. 

The pretzels nuggets looked perfect and smelled so good! Deep brown in color and perfectly textured. Crunchy exterior yielding to warm, chewy, and airy interior. Honestly, I could have skipped the fondue entirely. But, I didn't. This was my cheat night, after all! The cheese was excellent. It was a simple meal. But it was a good meal. And I'm still thinking about it...
SOOOOOOOOO disappointed with the Culinary Dropout.  I came here not once but twice in the same weekend.  

The first was for beers (a good selection) and enjoyed the artichoke (if a bit watery) and the soft pretzels bites with (really thin) provolone fondue. 

The second time was for bunch on a Sunday.  Service was super slow and forgetful. The worst part was the biscuits and sausage gravy.  It was tomato-y.  TOMATO.  I just... *shivers* I don't want to talk about it.  It was a terrible experience.
$63.78 for 2 cocktails 2 appetizers and 1 dessert.

Would be fair if there was an entree or 2 in there but all we had were appetizers. The food was fair but not great. The monkey bread dessert was good and the "After School Special" drink tasty but not worth the over priced bill.

Do yourself a favor and go to Mr.Luckys next door. Ask about the 7.77 special thats not on the menu.
This place is fun! Good, solid comfort food (that came much faster than I anticipated). 
The brown bag special was fun, not a good beer, but fun none the less. Very impressed with the food, I had the fish and chips and the fish was super moist and it wasn't battered to death. Very much going to this place again.
Drinks were great... Food not so much. I ordered the frittata and it didn't feel wholesome or fresh. Kind of boring actually. I will give this place kudos for good drinks and great service though. The waiter was super sweet and very patient with my indecision, haha! I would come back here to hang out but maybe after eating elsewhere.
Fox made a great move putting this concept in Vegas! I had dinner on the patio with a large group and everything was a hit. 
We of course shared a few servings of the pretzel and cheese appy. Always a must have at any culinary. 
I had the fries chicken meal and was blown away with how amazing the breading was. I think it's drizzle in honey.  
Our server was very knowledgeable and made some great recommendations for my friends. 
Will be returning once I'm back in Vegas!
Third time I've been, third amazing experience. Whoever doesn't like the Fried Chicken doesn't know what authentic means. I will be back again and again.
beer = awesome!  food = crazy delicious!  ambiance = for hard rock, very chill, very cool, very enjoyable!  really enjoyed this place.  creative take on standard staples.  yesterday's soup is always a great choice.  the burger was charred just right.  all around good place.  came here multiple times during our stay in vegas and with the abundance of spots all around, that speaks volumes.
The happy hour was amazing. The place is very cool but not trying too hard. The staff was friendly. 

Had grilled cheese sliders, shrimp pot stickers and a salad. Along with 4 mix drinks. It was around $40. The bar is a lot of fun. 

I can't wait to go back for a full meal.
LOUD AS HELL, but FUN!  If you're looking for a quiet conversation, this is NOT your place.  The food is pretty good.  My prime rib sandwich was ok.  Not great.  The pretzel ball fondue appetizer thing is worth the trip.  SNAP!  Great beers on tap.  FUN and creative!  I know it's cool for the waiters to wear whatever they want, but it also makes them hard to find, because they look like everyone else in there.  Fun idea, but maybe they should have hats or something distinctive.
Stopped in for brunch on Sunday before heading to the airport. We were able to squeeze into a spot at the bar. This place definitely has a rustic chicness with a slight rebellious energy. I love the chandeliers and the green vintage couches. A drop-down garage door opens up to the outdoor patio and the iconic Hard Rock pool. There's also a 12-seat raw bar and a full antipasti bar if you're feeling the urge. 

I went with the wildly popular soft pretzels with provolone fondue.  So delicious! The soft pretzels come with sea salt and are so warm and pillowy. The fondue sauce was wonderful with a nice sharp bite and a creamy irresistible texture. Nothing like dunkin' fresh-baked pretzel bites into a pot of creamy fondue. Real crowd pleaser! 

Reconnect with your inner child and go with the Cap'n Crunch French Toast. Dusted with powdered sugar and fresh raspberries and drizzled with a lovely custard sauce. The flavors meld together so well. This French toast has it all! 

The menu offers up such a variety with fried chicken, king crab legs, salmon, oysters, grilled cheese sliders, jambalaya, 36-hour pork ribs, pork belly cubano, cheese plates, Korean rib eye cab and monkey bread...just to name a few.

Culinary Dropout is proving to be a heavyweight in the Hard Rock world, joining the likes of Nobu, Pink Taco and 35 Steaks & Martinis. This place is a great hangout spot with screens, libations, fun appetizers and dishes and a prime pool-side locale. 

Highly recommend!
This was exactly what I was expecting.  Typical Gastropub with trendy decor.  I started off with a Bacon Bloody Mary, which was my absolute favorite part of the meal (haha).  The smoky flavor was present, but not overwhelming.  I could have had 3, except for the fact that it was pretty darn strong.  For $10 a pop, I enjoyed that it had a little kick to it.  

I ordered a chicken sandwich because our waiter told us that all the bread was house made and raved about the sandwiches.  It was good, but nothing to write home about.  My two brunch partners got salad, which they said were very tasty.  

If you're staying at the Hard Rock, I'd definitely give this place a try.  It offers something a little different from the steakhouses and sushi bars.
2/12/14 - Better than last time I went there...tasty food, good drinks, excellent service.  Best place to eat at Hard Rock.
We shared the hot pretzel fondue and grilled cheese sliders.  A-MAZ-ING!  Now that I know about this place, I plan to go back often to try the rest of the menu.  Our table on the patio was so comfy and our waiter Sean really made this lunch memorable as well.
Nothing too complex here. Everything tasted well, but there's definitely room for improvement. Meatloaf was cold, the manager did take care of it. Green beans, needed a minute more in the saut pan.. Fried chicken was good, the dark meat was moist, crisp skin, but the white meat was dry. Homemade potato chips was overly salted. Deviled prosciutto eggs, needed more than just prosciutto. No hostess to greet you. You have to find them. My Singapore sling was well made. My server was good, but I knew she was swamped. I guess a culinary dropout makes meatloaf, a graduate makes a terrine... Maybe it was a terrine, that's why it was cold....
Wierd place. I say that as a compliment, because that is what it is supposed to be. I would desribe it as upscale rock and roll. Waitress was great. She suggested the pretzels which were very good. We ordered white shrimp and oysters from the raw bar. Both were very good. The shrimp were half the size of a hot dog! We then split a prime rib sandwich and it was good. Beer selection was crazy good. I was surprised at how bad the beer selection was in most of Vegas, but not here. Beer snobs will love the menu!
AMAZING cheeseburger! I'm talking AMAZING! And the pretzels were to die for! Super unique artichoke-- very smokey! I'd say all in all I'm DEFINITELY a fan of the food. Service however, pretty lacking... it's really too bad. For one, the server had NO knowledge of all of the beers they offered-- pretty sad considering that is sort of half the reason they exist. And then once the food hit our table we never saw the server again. We had to ask multiple other servers (who we thought we servers, but no one wear uniforms here-- sort of a "cool" place) in order to get our check. But man the food is good!
Fun place to hang out and get out of the casino environment. It is loud but they have a cool outdoor seating area w fire pits. Everything I've had here is great. Fried http:/chicken, meatloaf, prime rib, pretzels, artichoke. The best spot in hard rock to eat at.
Located inside Hard Rock Hotel, food was ok, service was pretty good. Large portions.
We ordered the antipasta and pretzel fondue, we were definitely not disappointed. The antipasta had fresh asparagus and port salut cheese which melted in your mouth. The fondue had a cute presentation. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I would recommend it to friends.
Went here with my boyfriend before the QOTSA concert a few weeks ago.  Decided to take one of his adderall and forgot that a side effect is not having an appetite and basically feeling all jacked up on Mountain Dew.

That being said, we ordered a few apps and mainly decided to drink our dinner.  For some reason I thought I would drink a few extra dirty Ketel One martinis like the good old days (before turning 30 and being a grandma).  That led to bad decisions like ordering oysters in the desert (they were fresh as flown in that day can be and I did not get sick so I guess that says something).  We also got the soft pretzel bites with fondue, a cute little cheese container of sorts with a heat source underneath.  My bf also got the charcuterie plate.

Dana took care of us and probably thought I was a freak because of my adderall induced nausea and indifference to food.  

Definitely a casual spot with quick and tasty food and stiff drinks.  I would go back next time I am at the HRH.
Date & Time:  Saturday March 1, 2014 @ 11:30am
Location:  Hard Rock Hotel
Dining Companion:  The Husband
Scene:  Groups of Cute Guys in Seven Jeans, Fitted Tee's + Flip Flops & Girls in Tank Tops, Short-Shorts & Flat Sandals Clutching Chanel Caviar Purses
Music:  EDM
Decor:  Rock n' Roll Lounge w/ Tufted Green Leather Banquettes, Jonathon Adler Furnishings Overlooking The Pool
Service:  Friendly, Attractive, Efficient 
Imbibe:  Full Bar
Devour:  Prime Rib Dip Sandwich & Cap N' Crunch French Toast
Total:  $33.78
Another installment of the "craft beer/craft food" restaurant model, but I'm ok with this model.

It's a large space, which is great.  

Ordered the pretzel bites and provolone fondue.  OH. MY. GOD.  They're incredible.

Also had their fried chicken which was fantastic (though, a bit greasy.  Could have rested a little more, nbd).

And any place that serves tall cans of PBR to go with my food, is a great place to me.

Also, if you're jonesing for a snack, you can get some of their food to go and stroll about the casino with it.

Looking forward to going back!
Stopped for drinks and a snack here in between gambling and walking around. My dad did their brown bag special, which was a can of beer in a brown bag so you don't know what it is. It was something cheap, which made him laugh. He's no snob so he still drank it. I had their Riesling and my partner had the moscato, both were good. Did the pretzel bites with fondue and home made chips with french onion dip. Chips and dip were good, pretzels and fondue were amazing. I was surprised that they did provolone but it was excellent. Saw mussels, fried chicken and a few other things go out. All looked good. Ambiance is cool. Love Hard Rock, like this place too.
Wowza! Elevated casino/pub food to be sure!

I came here on a Thursday night, had a not-too-sweet signature cocktail, a Burrata appetizer and the Pretzels with cheese fondue and it was amazing!!! The atmosphere was cool but unpretentious, there was a guy singing and playing guitar on stage but I didn't want to strangle him... overall, a way better experience than I thought I would have had at the Hard Rock.
I am extremely picky and always find something wrong with a meal. I stayed at this hotel for 3 weeks and never had anything wrong with my meal. Fantastic selections and great balance of flavors. The service is ok, if your a server you should remember your repeat guest. We came in almost every day and he didn't remember us.
I wish this restaurant would open a location in Los Angeles!  See ... in Los Angeles we have a lot of these "foody-type places" that just suck.  They're these middling restaurants that cost $50-$75 or $100 for two and they think they're all rad and ... they're not.

I just said to my girlfriend that I would almost drive the 3 hours to Vegas to have the turkey pastrami sandwich they have.  It's fantastic.

We started with pretzels and provolone cheese sauce.  Again, fantastic!  

The charcuterie was both generous and the selections were very well-curated.  

I should also mention the service.  In Los Angeles we have actor-waiters.  They suck.  Perhaps not all of them suck but at least 90% of them suck.  We both always tell people to get real service -- and sometimes "real food" -- one has to go to Vegas.  This restaurant didn't disappoint.  Anne Marie was amazing.  She knew the menu well and made recommendations that we all enjoyed a lot.  

Oh, yeah, the Manhattan cocktail they have is terrific!

When we go back to as a couple and not when I'm there for meetings we are DEFINITELY going back here for at least one meal!  

Bravo, guys!  Now ... get off your asses and come to Los Angeles!!!!
I've had many good meals here, but the last couple... not so good.  I love the whole concept and the ambiance of this place.  I arrived around 1 p.m. on a Tuesday for lunch after checking-in to the hotel.  Only about 20 customers scattered though-out the large dining area.  Translation... NOT busy at all.  I sat at a totally empty bar and ordered from a very nice bartender.  Shaved Prime Rib Dip and a salad.  I get the same thing every time I have lunch there at CD.

I waited and waited and waited...the bartender came over and said, "she was very sorry for the wait, the order would be right over."  I was fine... stuff happens... figured it was just now getting made.  Another 5 minutes or so went by and my food came. 

The sandwich was cold, meat, cheese and the au jus... all cold.  I like food piping-hot, but this wasn't even like warm, it was cold.  I ate it, the meat and cheese were tasty, but damn at least re-heat it in the microwave if it got left sitting out.

I like writing about places and food that I like... I don't look for things to go wrong, nor do I enjoy doing a negative review, but CD earned this one.

Last two-(2) meals just haven't been good here.  The other one was Fried Chicken, which I've had for dinner several times and loved it.  Last month another loooong wait and then not served hot.  The place was busier that night, but not packed and I know it takes longer for the fried-chicken (says right on the menu).  I don't mind the wait, but don't make me wait, then let it sit around for a while before you bring it over.

The place has a very laid-back atmosphere where the severs and workers kinda act like they're just hangin'-out kinda thing.  It worked before, cause the food and service was very good.  Now it seems like they've bought into the whole laid-back concept a little too much.

I stay monthly at the hotel, so I'll give 'em one more try, but after that... back to Mr. Lucky's I guess.

UPDATE:  I was contacted by the General Manager 15 minutes after I wrote this... now THAT's impressive.  I learned a long time ago that the mark of a good business isn't being perfect all the time, though that's certainly the goal, but how to fix the things that aren't perfect and make them right.  The concern this individual showed for my  experience is truly impressive!
As far as Vegas eateries go.. I thought the Culinary Dropout was okay. The menu read fantastically! But I thought the final edible results were just alright. The Yelp reviews are mostly raving, so I may in the minority. But had I not been staying in the Hard Rock, I wouldn't have made a bee-line to eat here.

That being said, I think it's a great bar. Great selection, the signature cocktails and mixed drinks are killer - great flavors and creativity. Just wouldn't plan on eating here when there are so many other great restaurants in Vegas. 

A bit lacking in the service department, too.
CDO is my absolute favorite place in Vegas. Being a local, it is the first place i take any visiting friends or family members to. Recently,  one of my best friends was in from the East Coast and our experience is as follows; we sat at the bar and we're greeted immediately by Kenny. Kenny had a phenomenal personality and knowledge of the food and drink. He was more than willing to not only put on but find the hockey game that we wanted to watch, which I have found to be a nuisance to many bartenders in this town.  We started out with the pretzels and cheese fondue. That cheese, it's perfect.  We sampled four of their amazing cocktails,  smashed irishman, bells and whistles, between you and me and the Moscow mule, all of which had me in a cognitive debate over which one was more exceptional than the last. We finished with the best sandwich in house, the prime rib dip. Beyond the food, the drinks, the trendy atmosphere and amazing service, we got an experience that she or myself will never forget.
I walked into Culinary Dropout for a quick lunch before heading to the strip to walk and enjoy the beautiful weather. 

I had a turkey pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun with french fries :-). Everything about my meal was delicious. I didn't want to leave anything on my plate!!

My server was awesome. He was efficient and kind to this single female sitting in his section.

Loved the fact that the restaurant is directly by the pool. They do have a section of tables outside with fire pits, but it was closed during the day due to wind (which is the reason for the missing star -- if I asked, and there is a server present, you should let me sit outside).

There is another location in Phoenix, but I don't know if it is as good! :-)
Though the General Manager insisted I contact him next visit to make things right, I elected to stop in "under the radar".  I simply asked the very nice server, Stephanie, if she would mention that my last sandwich was cold and I like them hot.  About 10 minutes later a fella from the kitchen served me with a smile and said, "shaved prime rib dip, extra hot."

It was OUTSTANDING!!!  Problem solved!!!  I did ask for the GM on my way out... he laughed and said "hey, you sandbagged me!".  I knew if I asked for him up front things would be great and I sure don't wanna have to do that every time, though I sincerely appreciated his concern.

I'm back to being a happy customer of my favorite place and will be eating there again next week!!!
Awful service. Place was about 10% full. Sat at one table for 15 minutes and no one ever came up to our table. Finally we sat at the bar.  The bar staff really wasn't friendly. They really all seemed pretty zoned out

Food was OK at best. 

Only reason I stayed to eat after getting completely ignored is because I know the reputation that Sam Fox's restaurants are in Arizona. 

This was a complete disappointment

Needless to say I will never go back
A hip and fun spot for the younger crowd at the Hard Rock Hotel. The patio area is near the pool and is very loud due to the outside music. The food is pretty good but not stellar. Some unique items. Short wine list. Too loud for an intimate dinner, but good for a larger group.
Way overpriced for the portion size. 

$18 for a slice of meatloaf, a small dollop of bland TV dinner mashed potatoes, and a child's handful of green beans. 

I personally can make better. 

Also, I somehow got lint all over my clothes while dining here. Possibly from the napkin.
I can't say enough about my experience at Culinary Dropout. I am absolutely in love. 

The ambiance is amazing, I love the decor, the whole vibe. We were seated near the stage and to our surprise a live solo act started a few minutes later. An awesome guy on a guitar, who even took my mom's request. He was awesome.

Our server, Ben, was incredible. He was helpful from drinks, to menu, to what to do out on Fremont Street. Lets start with the pretzels and fondue....we started with one order.....and ended with three. INCREDIBLE. You HAVE to try them. I split the Maple Salmon for dinner and a split portion was perfect after enjoying appetizers. The beets on the dish were delish. We ended with the Apple Monkey Bread & the Carmel Popcorn pudding thing. It was AMAZING.

If you find yourself out at The Hardrock you HAVE to eat here. Enjoy it. Drinks, Food, Great service..........I want pretzels right nowwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place was fantastic.  The weather in March is great, so the outside seating was perfect.  There were still TV's outside so you could watch all the March Madness you wanted to.   However, I will warn you, the patio is next to the pool.  Great scenery but there were a massive group of drunk guys sitting next to us doing typical drunk dude things. Not their fault and they did a great job of policing the behavior when it got out of hand. 

The server, Ben I believe his name was, was incredibly patient.  He walked us through was great, good, or don't go there items on the menu.  You could tell he really cared about his work and wanted us to have a better than average experience.  He was like this with all his tables, not just us.

We started with the artichoke appetizer, amazing!  The candied lemon really brought everything tougher.  We enjoyed a stellar bottle of Cabernet from Napa called Newton; well balanced, not too fruity and it went amazing with the steak I had.  My date had the ribs, delightful.  They were a great balance of salty, sweet and spicy; again going wonderfully with the wine.  For desert we had a cross between bread pudding and apple pie, warm with cinnamon and carmel and a side of vanilla ice cream.  My mouth is watering just typing about it.  

In all, this is a great relaxed date spot or a fun place to meet friends and sit in the sun enjoying good food and drinks.  I will definitely be eating here again soon!
Delicious.... BUT 45 mins for a cheeseburger is no bueno for a half full restaurant!!

Server was super nice and apologetic but almost walked out. 

One more thing, the band tonight is TERRIBLE! You'd think the standards would be much higher at hard rock!
Listen, 5 stars is a lot--I understand--but this place is awesome and it is in a great location at the Hard Rock!

AMBIENCE:  5 stars.  Great vibe, cool decor with lots of wood and metal and an awesome chilled seafood station, hip bar, and awesome patio with views of the pool.

SERVICE:  5 stars.  Similar to other places that require you to have a certain amount of flair a la' OFFICE SPACE, I think the servers and other workers here are required to have a certain amount of tattoos and piercings!  The service is excellent, the staff knows their menu inside and out.  The bartenders deserve special mention as their craft cocktail menu is really unique and really good!

FOOD:  5 stars.  Upscale bar/pub food!  The soft pretzels are homemade and served with a delicious cheese fondue. The fish and chips is AWESOME!  The chilled shrimp, oysters, etc, are great.  I have eaten here probably 5 times over the last two years and I have never been disappointed!

ALCOHOL:  5 stars.  Very creative and diverse bar menu.

OVERALL:  5 stars!  This place is a lot of fun, with great service and really good food!
Delicious food great service! 

Our server Taylor asked us to write a review and I was happy to oblige. The food was terrific. We had 7 people so we got to try a bunch of things: For appetizers we had the pretzels, and a plate of prosciutto and a plate of one of their cheeses. All were so good we couldn't stop. They were out of the Burrata, which sounded awesome.

I had the fried chicken, yum! Mashed potatoes and gravy that came with it were ok but not as good as chicken.

Good beers as well. We went back two nights later, and it was good once again.
We loved this place!  Everything was better than it needed to be, by a couple of notches!  We had olives, cheese, and serrano ham, along with a salad, and it was all delightful, perfectly tasty. The outdoor seating was perfect.
I've been here twice now and both experiences were equally great. The atmosphere is perfect- laid back and trendy with a great view of the pool. The food is unique and delicious while the drinks are original and tasty. 

Food Review:

Crispy Prosciutto Deviled Eggs: Yummy but too salty (due to the prosciutto)

Oysters: I love that you can order by the oyster ($3 each)

House Potato Chips: Very crispy, served with house made onion dip

Gorgonzola Chicken Salad: We chose to have ours served on a pretzel roll instead of a salad and it was delicious! Crispy apples and celery cut through the gorgonzola. 

Meats and Cheeses: We tried a variety and they were very tasty, served with crispy bread. 


I will definitely be back here.
Awesome hangout and delicious food!!
Looks can be deceiving, from the Hotel lobby it looks like a little bar, but it has a huge outdoor patio next to the pool, fantastic food, great happy hour and awesome service !! We went there twice in one day it was so good!!
I wish they served breakfast, I would eat there 3 times a day. I highly recommend the fresh hot soft pretzels with hot cheese fondue! Great vibe and big comfy chairs, we hung out for a few hours during happy hour and they didn't try to rush us out of there. 
I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas!
Pretzel app is killer and a MUST order. Fun atmosphere. Beer knowledgeable!! The burger is tasty and the chicken curry is different but tasty!!! You cannot go wrong with the food. Fish and chips is not overly doughy and good taste.
Items Selected:
Coffee
Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue
Fried Chicken - Honey Biscuit, Potatoes, Gravy
Burratta - Pears, Walnuts, Balsamic, Grilled Bread
Cap'n Crunch Crusted French Toast - Cereal Milk Custard, Fresh Raspberries
Baked to Order Monkey Bread - Cinnamon Apple Brioche, Vanilla Ice Cream
Salted Caramel Custard - Caramel Corn


Arriving at The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in the midst of Rehab with my mother and aunt in tow as Springsteen played overhead one can only call the scene en route to brunch part of the show, a five minute walk from Paradise parking to Fox Concepts' "Culinary Dropout" bespecked with the scantily clad and already drunken while the restaurant itself proved a comparative sea of tranquility matched to good food and unexpectedly stunning service.  Sprawling in size with garage-style doors open to the cool morning breeze of a picturesque patio it was close to the rounded bar with a full view of both stage and kitchen that our trio found itself located mere moments after entry and with coffee kept brimming from seating to finale a six-piece order was crafted, each item arriving individually with smooth pacing and beautiful presentation.  Largely focusing on signatures but equally willing to explore seasonal preps and brunch-only items it was with the restaurant's oft raved pretzel bites that the meal began and with rich fondue gilding golden soft nuggets we all agreed that rare has a pretzel impressed so much, a similar praise heaped on the house burrata with seasonal accoutrements drizzled with aged balsamic.  Moving next to things more substantial it was admittedly with some disappointment that neither the $11 French Toast nor the $21 'worth the wait' fried chicken proved nearly as memorable as their respective milk jam or biscuit plate-mates, but with the former too bready and the later far from crispy there are simply better versions to be found elsewhere, particularly at such a cost.  At this point sated but certainly not full, the kitchen would quickly rally back with a duo of desserts and while the piping hot monkey bread certainly deserves the attention it has garnered it was the caramel-corn studded budino that stole the show for me, a dense pudding both salty and sweet with crunch and cream taken perfectly with another cup of coffee as Chris Cornell crooned overhead.
Culinary Dropout has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The food at the Hard Rock has always been a bit lacking to be honest, with the exception of Nobu. But now with Culinary Dropout, they have one of the best casual dining experiences on the Strip.

I'm not exaggerating when I say after 6 visits, I've yet to find a bad thing on the menu. I'll say my favorites are the Shaved Prime Rib Dip, the Fried Chicken and the 36 Hour Pork Ribs. The pretzel fondue is great, but I prefer the mussels, which are the best I've had anywhere. The Monkey Bread makes a great desert, but I'm especially fond of the carmel corn custard. It's really rich, but really, really excellent.

The service is fantastic. The staff is friendly and go out of their way to make you feel comfortable. The decor is very cool and casual. It really feels like a place you enjoy hanging out.

They have music on Thursdays of Fridays. I haven't experienced it yet, but it looks like it would be a good time. 

If you're staying at the Hard Rock, this place is a must. If you're not, it's still worth checking out if you can.
We ate at Culinary Dropout on Saturday for lunch. We were seated outside at a large comfortable table which was nice. We were told their Pub Burger was the best so all of us ordered that as our dish. The burger was good, not the best I have had. It comes with Havarti cheese, bacon and BBQ sauce. Two of the burgers were not cooked right so we had to send them back to re-cook which was disappointing. The service was great; our waiter was really cool about re-cooking the burgers and was very attentive to our needs. It's a little bit on the pricey side, $15 for a burger is high in my opinion. It's a great place if you are looking for bar food and convenience if you are staying at Hard Rock hotel.
Been twice. The first time, it was a 3 star visit. Thanks to my second visit I was impressed and added a star. The food is decent. I wish there was a few more options for breakfast. I came for the Miss Margaret drink since it's fantastic. Server neevr asked how my meal was until we received the check. That's what really lost a star in addition to having the wrong food delivered to out table instead of to the table next to is. I recommend siting at the bar for a bit! The bartenders are fantastic and make you feel welcome.
Oh Man!  I love this place!  Came to eat here before the Linkin Park show back in January!  The drinks were pretty tasty and gave me a pretty good buzz!  The food was great - pretzel bits and the Salted Caramel Custard were my faves!  Service was spot-on, even the chef came to deliver our food and chat a bit!

Will definitely come back!
Culinary Dropout is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour. The Pretzels and Fondue are SO good and the charcuterie plate on the happy hour menu is a great deal. Other than happy hour, the rest of their menu is great too. The Grinder is really yummy, so are the Grilled Cheese Sliders. The best cocktail there is the Smashed Irishman (not on happy hour, but delicious!). Atmosphere is very stylish and the staff is always friendly.
Really good food.  It is a fun menu. FeliCa the bartender was awesome. very helpful and friendly.   Beef dip was awesome. So were pretzels.  Almost made up for horrible meal at pink taco the night before.  Hard rock has a winner with this one.  I will go back.
Got in late one night so I gave this place a try. Cool place with dining outside right next to one of the pools. I had the chicken club with fries. Nothing special. The fries were great. The bacon was outstanding. ( yes, I love bacon that much, and yes outstanding was the word). Beer was cold, the fireball was not?? She did offer to chill it though. I'll be back. There was a ton of stuff on the menu I want to try.
What a bummer.

Culinary Dropout was one of the restaurants I was most excited about for our trip to Vegas.  The pictures and reviews made this place sound amazing.  
Unfortunately, we had a disappointing visit.  First of all, a large group had reserved space near the patio and the patio itself was full, so we were stuck in the front of the restaurant which feels completely removed from the fun.  Next, our server was a victim of a surprise rush and was completely overwhelmed, causing slow service, mistakes in our orders, and constantly being reminded how "crazy it is in here tonight".
The food itself fell short too.  My wife and I ordered salads that didn't actually get served with the ingredients listed on the menu.  Her Caesar salad was supposed to include kale and my salad was supposed to include avocado (neither made it our our dishes).  One of the most anticipated parts of the meal was the pretzel/provolone app - unfortunately, the pretzels were overdone.

Big time bummer because I think if outside seating would've been available and the place was properly staffed, we could've overlooked the food shortcomings and had a good time.
Came again in may 2014 and had the shrimp Caesar salad and it was amazing!!!! The way the shrimp is fresh and lightly breaded is so good, I ate the entire huge salad, nice light Caesar dressing too. I'll be returning for this specific salad!! =)
I was working at the Hard Rock Hotel for five days and ended up eating at almost every establishment there.

We had a celebratory cocktail party on the patio. They moved some of the furniture around to give us a private section. The waitresses were busy, but very nice.

I tried a few menu items (score out of 5):
-Meats (prosciutto, capicola, salumi) 4
-Vegetables & Snacks (roasted asparagus, cured olives, roasted beets) 3
-Cheeses (I don't know which ones.) 3
-Chicken Meatballs 1
-Pub Burger 3

There were a few others, but I didn't get a chance to try them. Overall, I would say this is the second best restaurant at the Hard Rock Hotel, but that isn't saying very much. I still recommend going to a better place at another hotel if you can.
First off- the food was very good. I had the buratta appetizer which was great and a chicken club sandwich that was good. The bad was the rushed service. We were just seated and the waitress came by for drinks order,  We stated we had not had a chance to look at the specialty cocktail list as yet. Came back in 5 minutes and asked again, we still were undecided and she proceeded to tell us what was good- fine, we ordered and said we were looking still for food items- she then gave run down on food items and instead of allowing us time to look and decide asked again for our order. Okay we ordered. Half way through eating she comes back to ask about our dessert order. Uh, yeah we are still working on our dinner- we state we have not looked yet. The restaurant was not full and they were not busy. Comes back again while we are still eating to ask again about dessert, we say no thanks. She the brings the check while we are still eating dinner. WTF. I ask for more water and she asks "Sure, do you want it in a to go cup?" Are you kidding me. I can almost understand if they were packed and people were waiting to get in. Still rude, but this was ridiculous. We would have stayed and had more drinks if the service was good, but and that point we left ASAP.
This is a great place to go if you happen to find yourself at the Hard Rock wanting a good meal and decent price. It's my favorite of all the places in the HRV.
This place was so good we came here twice in 2 days.

Service was great both times and the view they have of the pool is awesome and relaxing.

They have tons of beer on tap so you can get a great selection. They also have something called a paper bag special where you get a canned beer in a bag for like $2.50 and you just don't know what it is (unless you take it out of the bag, but that's spoiling it!).

The coup de grace here is the pretzels and fondue. It was absolutely amazing and I think I could eat it every day. Perfect bites of pretzels along with blazing hot cheese fondue. There is just nothing wrong to say about it.

I also got a burger one of the times we were there. It was okay, altho not spectacular. I honestly barely remember it a few days later. I just keep thinking about those pretzels...
I have so many things to say about this place. 

I walked in and turned to my boyfriend and said, "it's so crazy... There's a place a lot like this in Phoenix. It's called the yard.  They soooo need something like this in LA." Low and behold, they are the same company. With that being said, I lovvvveee the brand. It's so fun and relaxed and the food is really really good. 

We were just eating light so we waffled between the fried chicken and the 36-hour ribs. I'm so glad we went the ribs direction. They were fall-off-the-bone tender. We also shared oysters, which were fresh and cold and perfect. 

Really cool place. The server with the Tool tattoo on her arm was fantastic. At ease yet attentive. She was great!! I will definitely be back and I've added it to my places to recommend to visitors.
This was my absolute favorite spot in Hard Rock and I would go back just to eat here again.  

CD has a great eclectic laid back vibe. The wide open seating area has an open prepartion area at the front, tons of tables inside, a bar towards the patio and a large open patio next to one of the HR pools.  It is very airy and open.  We sat both on the patio and once just inside facing the pool, both was great.  

We tried several dishes from the awesome pretzels and provolone fondue, to the prime rib sandwich to the black bottom pie.  It was all out of this world.  

Service was attentive.  Atmosphere is laid back and the food is wonderful.  Definitely a  must if looking for a place to eat in the Hard Rock.
This place is my favorite restaurant inside the Hard Rock Hotel! The menu is very fun, my favorite is the pretzels and fondue! The food comes out very fast and if you go during happy hour the prices are great!
Great little spot at the Hard Rock. Food and drinks did take a while, but honestly I didn't mind too much because of all the viewing scenery sitting on the patio outside. It overlooks the Rehab pool during the day.
We wait for one hour or more. They bring the food, was cold and nothing really good, expensive for the kind of food they have. Awful very disappointed, we came here for the good reviews but was not true.
The name itself sounds rebellious, so I had huge expectations of rowdiness when I came here but was pleasantly surprised at how classy and friendly the staff was.  

Culinary Dropout was our first stop in Vegas when we arrived.  We were hungry, thirsty and needed to start partying after our flight from Orange County. We arrived in Las Vegas at 9 PM, so we were lucky enough to miss the dinner crowd, but I had reservations regardless (which I booked through Opentable.com).

The restaurant wasn't very crowded, but the people who were there seemed to be enjoying their time drinking and laughing.  Our server was very sweet, accomodating and was on top of our orders.  I wish I could remember her name, I'd like to say thank you for getting our weekend off to a great start with her great service.

The ambiance is super laid back, casual and teetering on the hipster side.  I can see it working for a party with friends, or a romantic date.  

We decided to order apps instead of meals so we have a little more room for alcohol (ha!).  We ordered the artichoke hearts, pretzel fondue (that everyone on Yelp is raving about), and a charcuterie of Iberico ham and manchego cheese.

Artichoke hearts:  tender, with a slightly smoke flavor.  It had this cheesy cream that went well with it, topped with baby spinach.  They also drizzled it with an orange marmalade which I personally didn't care for.  I like orange marmalade on toast, but not on my artichoke hearts.  

Pretzel fondue:  Everyone was raving about this here on Yelp.  I found it too salty for my liking.  There was almost too much salt on the pretzels and the fondue (served in a cute little pot and tealight warmer) had a slightly gritty texture, and that was salty too, reminded me of Cheez Whiz out of a jar.  Maybe they made it salty on purpose because we were pounding beer after beer to wash it down.

Now for the BEST part of our meal, the Iberico ham: O.M.EFFING.G. Talk about melt in your mouth awesome goodness.  It was like butter, no gaminess, with a slightly sweet note in the back.  It went well with the slightly salty bitterness of the manchego cheese.  They served it with a cherry compote on the side and two pieces of crostini bread and made a fancy little ham and cheese sandwich.  Mind you, they gave us maybe half a cup of thin ham shavings at MP $19.

Bottom line, would I come back here?  Probably not.

With all the various and unique dining experiences Vegas has to offer, I don't think Culinary Dropout is memorable enough for me to take time out of my precious vacation to venture back here.  At least I can say that I gave it a shot, and that I actually finally got to taste Iberico ham.
Had lunch with a coupla friends on Tue/3 Jun just as it opened about 11 am:
- Hostess sat us by the pool, which was nice.
- We shared the $12 pretzel + cheese fondue app, pretty good and just the right amount for 3 people.
- For $27 I had the 36-hour pork ribs, also pretty good.
- The waiter (Asian dude, wish I remembered his name) was great and attentive.
Kitchen Dropout.  Service Dropout.  Bartender Dropout.  Absolutely no one graduated from this White Trash University.

A group of about 15 of us came here for a business lunch, which brings up an important point here: This is not a business appropriate place.  Extremely loud music, and a meal takes about two (2) hours to complete.

Three of us left without ever receiving our meals.  Or an explanation.  There was no manager on duty, and just a couple potentially intoxicated servers and busboys left to look dumbfounded as we asked for water.

The whole experience was like an episode of Jerry Springer unfolding before my eyes, but with inedible cheese fondue and spoiled artichokes.  

Make no mistake, this is overpriced pool food, except it's wretched.  It just reeks of desperation.  There's not much left to say.
Great food! Try the chicken meatballs. They were delicious. I don't like raw fish... But they are really kind about cooking the shrimp and crab legs in garlic butter so I suggest it to anyone who loves seafood.
I loved the ambiance of this place! We sat inside, however, they do have a nice patio.  They had a band playing that night, and they were really good. Our table was near the stage so it was a little hard to talk over the music. The food was delicious. We had the meatloaf. The only thing I can complain about was the service.  Our server was very slow and whenever we needed something, we couldn't find her.
Talk about joke. No wonder this place is called "Culinary Dropout."

It was my girlfriend's birthday and her choice to eat here. I came a little later than 8:30pm on a Sunday; and it wasn't too busy to handle our 12 person party. 

Already when I sat, I was greeted with my friends telling me not to order Hennessy and/or the oysters because "they were out of it." Hmmm, ohhkaaay ---- I guess that ruled out those options.

I ordered a Moscow Mule and was saddened when it came in a regular glass cup. Sure, I would get a dollar off for bringing my own copper mug (as stated on their menu) but, who really carries around a copper mug. And if this place is gonna have 3+ assortments of "mules" then they need to have "The Mug!"

As we chit chatted, the waiter comes back to tell my roomie that the olives he ordered for his anti-pasti "wasn't ready yet" because "it wasn't cured." --- what does that even mean --- My sassy 'tude was like, "is it sick?" My roomie said to just bring out the bread, sundried tomatoes, and balsamic. It was decent. Balsamic was sweeter than most I've had. In the end, it wasn't anything special.

My friend, who was sitting next to me, got the salmon entre. And lemme tell you that his first reaction to the dish was priceless; almost jaw dropping awe lol 
His first words were: "THIS was $25!" (((Hence the picture/meme I have to go with this review))) The salmon was smaller than most salmon I've bought at the grocery store. It laid on less than handful of brown rice and veggies. My friend said: "this would be the perfect dinner for someone on a diet -- too bad that aint me." Funny thing is this is what the waiter recommended as "the best thing on the menu." 
My friend had to share his girlfriend's burger and fries to get even some fulfillment. **SHRUGS**

I shared the jambalaya with my roomie and that was spicy enough to my liking and even though the chicken, shrimp, and sausage jambalaya was mixed in with rice; our Asian asses still ordered a side of rice with it.
Other friends got the steak, meatloaf, curry, and prime rib dip sandwich. Everyone was pleased with their food but, in the end, it was nothing that stood out.

All the while we're eating, we were never filled with our water nor ordered more alcohol. It was just a less blah. 

Even their monkey bread dessert, which we were told could serve 4 ppl, COULD NOT serve 4 ppl. It was like bite sized cinnabon donut holes if they had that.


Our waiter was funny tho and did the best he could with what he had, I'm sure. 
Another thing I'm sure about is that I won't be back.
So glad for this addition to the Hard Rock.  Pretzel Fondue is fab!  Prices are great...good service.  The decor is very rocker chic and the atmosphere enjoyable!  Wonderful menu selections and a great patio experience as well!
Love the dcor and ambiance of Culinary Dropout! They offer both indoor and outdoor seating- both great choices, I usually like to try and sit inside right next to the outside line- gives the best of both worlds! The service has always been great, and I really enjoy the food! 

You have to try the soft pretzels with provolone fondue- sooooooooooooooooo yummy!
This is probably one of the best places to eat inside the Hard Rock Casino. The pretzel bites with the cheese fondue are delicious and a must have. They have a decent happy hour with $6 appetizers and $3 beers. Regular prices are average strip prices, with specialty cocktails running around $12. They have a very unique cocktail menu and the ones I've tried are really good. You should eat here if you are staying at the Hard Rock.
Came here for lunch with a group of co-workers (about 15 of us). Server was on point with bringing around a bunch of soft drinks before we even ordered them (iced tea, waters, pop & even ginger ale). Gave us a few recommendations of appetizers and main entrees and a bunch of is each had them and shared amongst the group. Best appetizer was the pretzel and cheese fondue (my mouths watering as I type this) and the potato chips with onion dip (oh gosh). Must have the honey battered fried chicken, ma...meat loaf, turkey pastrami and shaved prime rib dip. So that's the food review. Will definitely be coming back to try more of the items on the menu.
I would have given a 5 star if we hadn't have to wait so long to get our check.
Great food with okay service 
The drink menu has great drinks and is very creative. Worth it. The service is okay at best.
Culinary Dropout is the BEST restaurant at the Hard Rock. They have a fun staff. We loved our server Benny and the others that took care of us. Their happy hour is really good, they make amazing drinks - Bourbon Mules, a Dark and Stormy, or if you fancy tequila they have a great selection of spirits. And all their juices are freshly muddled. Their food is awesome too. For snacks, they make their own potato chips with an onion dip but my favorite thing on their menu are the hot pretzel bites served with a fondue dipping sauce. RIDICULOUS!!!! I ate those 2 nights in a row and could polish off an order all by myself. For happy hour they are half price too!!!  They also have a kick ass kale and corn salad and to-die-for SWEET POTATO CANNELLONI. The pasta is so thin so you can taste the filling which is a beautiful mixture of smoked shallots, mushrooms, snap peas, and parmesan. LOVE this place and wish there was one in LA!!!
I had high hopes for this place and that was probably the wrong thing to do. Being a trendy joint, I thought it would be awesome to try this place out. I should have known something was up because Mr Lucky's next door had a longer line then this place. 

I ordered the Bistro steak medium but it came out well done and my steak was luke warm along with my fries. The food also took FOREVER to come out. From the looks of it I think the reason it took a long time for my dish was because it was just sitting around getting cold. From the time we sat down to finally paying our bill, it took almost two hours. I also ordered the bacon Bloody Mary which was a little spicy for my taste, and that drink finally arrived to me about 20 mins later. 

1 star for the friendly staff
1 star for the turkey pastrami hubby ordered who said it was yummy. 

-1 for the extremely long wait for our food and drink
-2 for the food
The food was fantastic- the customet service was awful. The waitress blatantly ignored us while we tried to get her attention, then she went off to dance and laugh  and he bffs with the hostess while completely neglecting her job. It also took forever to get our meal.


Definately get the pretzles and the burger though!
My bf liked the pork ribs, I thought the Jambalaya was bland. The monkey bread was just okay as well. I hate saying this because everyone was so nice. The customer service was excellent.

I don't think the White people in the kitchen know what soul food is supposed to taste like. Monkey bread tastes like apple pie. Bland Bland Bland. 

Too expensive. Should have gone to Pink Taco. 

IMHO.
I really really wanted to love this place (more than just the average 3 stars). Awesome decor/ambiance, plenty of room for large parties, live music, and Ben (our server) was super nice. 

We were starving and got 2 appetizers that came out very quickly. The Pretzel bites were yummy, but the portion was way too large for 2 people. It's too bad they don't have 2 sizes & prices to choose from. Their profit margin on this item is crazy. Anyway, the Deviled eggs were the highlight of the whole meal since it was made with truffle oil. If you add that to anything, I guess it would be delicious in my opinion. ;)

Anyway, we decided to try the Ribs as an entree since the description was so enticing as well as Ben recommended it. Being from the South, we definitely had very high expectations. Unfortunately, instead of being marinated for 36 hours in a great sauce, it tasted like a it was locked in the Salt Mines for days. I had 1 rib and couldn't eat anymore cause it required a glass of water to cure my thirst after that bite. It was really disappointing. I would have thought that they would have taken it off the bill and the manager came by, but was so awkward and didn't even acknowledge anything. 

The dinner started off so good and ended so strangely. It is a "hip/trendy" place and maybe we'll come back, but it could just be for drinks/patio in the future. Let's see. Hopefully, it gets better as the comments come rolling in.
Ribs were good but not thoroughly warmed through. Fish and chips great but not a really generous portion. The cider was welcome and the coke kept coming. All good after a very long drive through Death Valley. The live music made a food background to the food.
I ate here on a Saturday afternoon. The atmosphere was awesome and our server was amazing. I ate the burger and it was solid, actually one of the best burgers I have had in a long time. My buddy had the chicken sandwich, he said it was awesome! Overall I would highly recommend this spot to anyone. The outside decor was really cool. My only complaint is that the music from the pool/rehab was really loud. Overall not a big deal!
I met a group of friends here before the Chevelle concert for dinner. Its a pretty good size dining area with a bar and there's an outside patio decorated nicely. There was live music which is a nice touch and she was unique to say the least. The waitress was really nice, on point and was always around. The only con about the employees is you'll have no idea who they are since they are all dressed in street clothes. Someone  ordered the pretzel bites with fondue and everyone enjoyed them. I ordered the grilled cheese sliders (made with American cheese) and they were good if you're under 12 lol. Not what I expected for $12 but maybe I had my expectations set too high for this place. A couple of friends ordered the chicken club and it was huge, they liked it. I'll probably try this place again and order something different :)
My husband & I came here on our trip, the pretzel fondue was delicious.  The jambalaya we ordered was fantastic.  I really like their cheap salad with the tomato vinegrette, although it was extremely small. We also had the Bourbon Pie it was yummy but make sure you scoop all the way down to get yummy goodness of rich chocolate.
Ambiance 
food 
Service 
Price 
Great ambiance with a wonderful patio seating. The food was good. Service was okay. Been here 4x and the server somehow always forgets something everyone I have been there. Food was a little pricey considering the ingredients is not necessarily healthy.
1 Star for decor
1 Star for the small bites crispy bread and good oil (seriously- so good, I wished the rest of the food was this good. I wouldve have been happy if this was an entire meal).

now thats thats out of the way, here's my not so great experience...

Went to Hard Rock to see Andrew Dice Clay. My BF and I were debating on either Culinary Dropout or 35 Steaks & Martini's. We decided that Culinary Dropout seemed like a really cool concept, so we picked this place.

We arrived, ordered drinks and a salad. We wanted an appitizer so I go to order the grilled asparagus. Our waitress said it wasnt available ok, ordered the artichoke hearts, not available. Ok fine, ordered the crusty bread (see above). Then we waited and waited to order our food, I kinda had my heart set on Fish and Chips and again, it was not available. That is a really bad sign, we should've saw the red flags when we ordered the apetizer and collected our check to go elsewhere, but we were pressed for time so we decided just to get what was available.

My BF ordered the meatloaf and I ordered the bistro steak. We waited over 30 mins for our food to come out. Our waitress, even knew that we were there a while because she kept checking on us.

We get our food- my steak and fries were aveage at best. Nothing special. I could've had the same steak at Norms diner (No joke). I really felt bad for my BF because his food was even worse than mine. My BF's food- The meatloaf, seriously tasted like it was from a cafeteria with a squirt of ketchup on the top. Not a special custom/mixed ketchup, it was straight out of the bottle (my mom makes a better meatloaf). ......and the mashed potatoes... were not edible. They were cold and bland. My bf took one bite and said they werent good. I tried them to see if he was being dramatic, and he wasn't. 

It was all very disappointing and I expected something much better- AT least the name is fitting to the food- Culinary Dropout. No kidding!

 I wished we had a better dinner experience on our last night in vegas. Oh well :(