It's actually UNIVERSITY SQUARE Food Court.  Someone please edit that.  Typical mall food court--meh food (Chinese, Japanese, Italian and subs lol) but GREAT decor.  Free wireless and uber large flat screen TVs--like 20 of them and a projector.  Good place to meet for a quick lunch, study group, or business meeting.  I've done all three and everyone seems to enjoy the court if not the food.  During the warm weather (2 months out of the year) the patio section facing University Avenue has the glass doors open--great spot to people watch and call out people's name you know and watch them turn around wildly wondering where it came from...
The last thing UW-Madison needs at the end of State Street, where locally owned, diverse restaurants are available to suit all tastes and price ranges, is a mall food court. Sure, Sabarros is fine- but go to one of the two Ian's within 1-6 blocks away.  Quiznos is Quiznos, but instead choose one of the 3 sub places on State Street instead where there are more options and more character.  Against everything I believe in, I would even suggest Chin's over the stir fry places, if only because the atmosphere is less sterile and you can be involved in the energy of State Street. 

The only appeal that I can see is that there is tons and tons of seating room and no one would ever bother you if you decided to stay and study for hours.  For that, the large tables and giant windows are nice.
Aside from Bubble Island, the U Square Food Court is underwhelming at best. You have a choice of Quizno's Subs, Stir Fry '88, Nori Japan, and Sbarro's for food entrees. It's kind of like they took the very worst of a typical mall food court and condensed it. Quizno's is the only restaurant here that I ever consider eating at; Nori Japan offers teriyaki chicken made-to-order (it's alright), but it's neighbor, Stir Fry '88, only has stomachache-inducing American Chinese food that's guaranteed to have been sitting under a hot lamp since 11 am that morning. Speaking of hot lamps, Sbarro's is another place here that offers what appears to be day-old food, roasting under a light bulb.

To their credit, the decor is nice and upscale. It is also kept spotless by the janitorial staff, a welcome change from the typical food court experience most people are probably used to. Since I work across the street, my coworkers and I often end up eating here during our lunch break. If I had the choice, however, I would only come here to get bubble tea at Bubble Island. Everything else is fairly subpar, and there are better places to eat in Madison. It still beats grabbing a $5 sandwich at Memorial Union, though.
Thier bubble Tea is about the same quality as Bubble Island... Pretty poor. When Compared to the Bubble Tea at Jade Mountain it doesn't hold a candle. If you want real Taiwanese style bubble tea you're better off heading somewhere else like Jade Mountain... or China town.
DO NOT GO HERE FOR ANYTHING OUTSIDE OF SNACKS!!

stumbled onto this place looking for the chick-fil-a (there's apparently not one in the mall any longer) and the couldn't resist the tasty looking pictures! So even though we were not craving Mexican, we were easily convinced... 

***DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE PICTURES!!!***

Even though the cashier was very nice and friendly, almost everything went wrong with our order... My wifey and I wanted "Tortas" because the picture looked most appealing... She asked if they used guacamole or avocado and the cashier said they were actually out of both,  so she changed her mind to two tostadas (also looking very appealing) one chicken, one steak. I ordered the steak torta combo... simple order? right....? HOW COULD YOU MESS THAT UP???

FORGOT: 

1. Beans on the tostadas... 
2. One chicken tostada, we got two beef
3. My combo, I had to wait for my fries and soda to be prepared

TASTE COMPLAINTS:

1. Steak was rough, chewy, and unseasoned
2. Fries were unseasoned, and salt and pepper was not available
3. We tasked for a water cup, she accidentally put coke in it, pored the coke out and gave us water with out even rinsing the cup... ewwwww!

I saw that other customers ordered snacks like fruit and chips that looked very appealing, but I will definitely not order a entree from here again!
I should've read review s before spending my $$ here. I order a mangonead and strawberry and cream. Mangoneada flavorless, bland had no taste very very disappointed. Pictures do look good but thats it. Fresa w/ cream they mix bad strawberry with good ones they did not bother to cut they just threw them in a cup with lechera. If I new I was getting this I would of done this at home but nicely cut with more cream. Will not come back to this place.
Every time I visit this restaurant, I'm always satisfied. I usually order a carne asada burrito and although I'm very picky about my food, the friendly cashier was able to adjust my order to fit my needs. The meat is always cooked and flavored well. The customer service is also very inviting which is another reason why I come back on a weekly basis.
Sam Fox does it again!  In fact, in my opinion, this is his best endeavor yet! I've been excitedly awaiting the opening of The Yard and it exceeded my expectations.  The well rounded culinary dropout menu has several solid new additions including a very nice Crispy Shrimp Caesar.  The antipasti is as solid as they get.  Great variety - love the beautiful presentation of yummy tete de moine cheese, and the roasted beets are delicious!  

Solid food and beverage is key, but what really sends this place over the top is the space.  It is notably large but the use of the space is just absolutely cool!  Great indoor/outdoor feel.  The huge game area on the patio is outstanding!  Lots of cornhole/bag toss and bocce courts and several ping pong tables!  With the addition of more tv's coming on the patio, this will be the place to come watch a game and play some games.  

Lots of parking in the back and plenty of bicycle racks on the patio for those who want to roll in on two wheels.

Very excited for the upcoming addition of Lil' Cleo's Fish House and Oyster Bar and also a coffee shop coming in the near future.

This place is just pure, tasty fun!  Go and see for yourself.
Sam Fox has a winner at their newest location.  Possibly their best in Phoenix.  Great job in converting/re-purposing an existing building by turning a motorcycle dealership into a destination.  

They took the existing Culinary Dropout menu from the Scottsdale location and made  a few new additions.  How can you not love a place that has both meatloaf and fried chicken on the menu to satisfy your need for comfort food. They have 18 beers on tap and at least that many additional available in cans, we're not talking about just Bud and Coors Light, lots of great craft brew choices.  In addition, they have an amazing selection of specialty cocktails and a nice wine list. 

Solid food and beverage choices are needed, but a great staff is always a key to a great experience and The Yard does not disappoint.  Everyone was great and made my visit memorable.  

What makes The Yard stand out may be the space.  Plenty of room for indoor and outdoor dining.  The two sided bar services both the indoor dining area and the covered outdoor area.  I call it an area but it is really a multi-purpose space.  There is bar space, dining tables, sofas & high back chairs (not patio furniture) with fire pits, and a huge game area that includes bag toss, ping pong and foosball.  You also get to park your bicycle "inside" at the far end of the space.   

Overall just a great place to drink, eat, hang out, and play.
A friend and myself went to the newest Culinary Dropout (Fox Restaurant Concepts) located at The Yard last night for one of their invitation-only opening dinners and it was a great experience from beginning to end. This Central Phoenix neighborhood just got little more fun and friendly.

We were fortunate enough to meet the architect and signage designer and gave them a big congrats on a job well done. And there's more to come! In addition to Culinary Dropout, three more eateries will make The Yard their home: an oyster bar, sandwich shop, and coffee joint. It will be a neighborhood place to go, eat, hang out, meet new peeps, and support the local community.

I first want to thank Culinary Dropout for the generous dinner: two alcoholic drinks, appetizer, two entrees, and a desert. Though it was chilly and there are numerous heaters, the hostess originally sat us at a table that was not near a heater. The beautiful white marble top was cold enough to starting mixing some Cold Stone on it with Butterfinger mix-ins. We politely asked to be relocated to a table with a heater, and without hesitation and with a smile, we moved immediately. The friendly waitress by the name of Jessica was knowledgeable about the food offerings, professional, and personable from the beginning 

We asked for recommendations for every course. She picked out our antipasto appetizer, which consisted of two meats, cow and goat's milk cheeses and roasted beets (I can't remember the exact meats or cheeses...sorry). When asked what entrees she recommends - after I told her no fish for me - she recommended the 36-hour pork ribs and the fried chicken. Both were amazing and the ribs peeled right off the bone. They do supply you with handy-wipes for your sticky fingers which was nice. We finished the meal of with the chocolate tart with sugar cookie crust and salty toffee chips on top. Table next to us had another dessert that smelled amazing. That would be the Monkey Bread and definitely getting it next time. 

Even though they just opened, there was not one glitch nor an ounce of chaotic servers running around like their heads were cut off. It was a very smooth show on our end. 

One reason why I really like this establishment is because of what it offers. It is VERY spacious. There's an 8,000 square foot covered patio. Two fire pits and great lounge sofas and beautiful wing chairs all covered in a soothing green create several outdoor living room areas. After dinner you can chill and chat on the sofas or you can work off your meal by playing Corn Hole, ping pong, or shuffle something (it is a table with pucks that you push for points...I think). Anyway, there is seating everywhere and plenty of elbowroom. 

Thanks again to all the folks who greeted us with smiles. We'll definitely be coming back!
From what i can tell, The Yard is the part complex under the VERY large shade structure once housing a motorcycle sales floor. It has upscale seating area with a garden party feel next to a playground area with corn hole, ping pong, shuffle board and a foosball table. It will be a great place to share a few drinks with friends or make a destination for a day's bike ride.

It looks to be eventually the shared open space for a collection of Sam Fox restaurants. Currently, there is only Culinary Dropout. But, we were told an oyster bar was coming soon. 

It also has a unique restroom layout that may throw you when you first enter.

It is a welcome addition to uptown Phoenix.
I was lucky enough to get invited to one of the soft openings at Culinary Dropout on Saturday night and really enjoyed it.  As I have lived in this neighborhood for many years, I have seen the space sit vacant, and they have made a great re-use of the spot.  They retained the huge awning and created a really cool outdoor space that includes fire pits, ping-pong tables, corn hole, foosball and some comfortable looking chairs.  We had a reservation and got their a few minutes early which gave us a chance to explore the space and even play a bit of ping-pong.  Now the food.  Started with a burrata appetizer that was very tasty.  I had steak and fries and my girlfriend had the meatloaf.  We both were pleased with our meals.  The drinks were also top notch, as was the service.  This place is within walking distance from my house and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  They will be opening up a fish place/raw bar there in March, sharing some of the space with Culinary Dropout.  That will be great to have.  One thing they will probably have to fix, though, is the parking, which is reminiscent of Postino Central.  I am sure the neighborhood will be putting up some no parking signs real soon.  
Can't wait to walk there for brunch of of these weekends.
A week ago I had the opportunity to enjoy the Yard pre-opening at one of their sampling parties where they test their menu and service prior to opening day.  Under normal circumstances (i.e. when I'm paying for it), when experiencing a new restaurant for the first time, I would rarely deviate from what I consider my "go-to's", on a menu. I'm predictable like that, something I know about myself. But these weren't normal circumstances. 

The food was pretty good and nothing I wouldn't have expected from Culinary Dropout. I had the prime rib dip, and it was alright. No onion soup that day, but the au jus was a decent complement. The thing I really liked was the beer selection. It's refreshing, all the new places that are stocking craft beers, with names you never heard of. The Yard is no different. Now Deschutes and Delirium are starting to pop up all over the place so I wouldn't say they are anything new, but delicious none the less. What they do have is a Lager called Batch 19 Pre-Prohibition. Sounds cool and tastes even better. I had to try it, even at lunch which I never do, but again, this was no ordinary day. 

The size of this place is just massive and I can't wait to see what the next couple months hold. The metal canopy that used to house Ducati's and Kawasaki's has be tastefully re-purposed and can easily fit 300 people on a bad day.  I hear they are going to be hosting concerts and events. I'm sure I'll be at a few. As long as the crowd stay's cool and not to pretentious I'm sure I'll be back a lot. It's got a phenomenal location, in a much needed part of town. I can't wait to go back and see what the nightlife is like!
Fox does it again. Great food and concept. 
The Yard is working out the kinks in the kitchen and service but that by no means should keep anyone away. I do not think the place is even a week old so be patient and enjoy the view. 
We enjoyed the crispy shrimp salad and the pastrami on pretzel bread. Outstanding on all levels. Price, portion, flavor, execution.
How was it? I don't know! Parking was a mess the Friday afternoon we tried to experience this place for the first time. Parking attendants weren't of much help stating that they had no more spots available.  We'll be shure to try another time - stay tune! Cheers***
We met some friends at the Yard to celebrate my birthday.  As you've likely ascertained from previous reviews, the place is gigantic and has lots of games and fun things to do which makes it great for a chill Sunday afternoon.  Allow me to start with the bad since this is a new restaurant and I hope the people at Fox are still seeking feedback......cause besides a few quirks this place is awesome!

The Yard utilizes a cell phone paging system to call your table which is great, I hate those dumb pager things.  We had to wait for our friends so we found a few open seats at the end of the bar to wait.  When I say end of the bar: Imagine a long, square wooden bar surface with maybe.... 30-40 seats on the long ends and 2 seats on the short.  Well, we proceeded to wait, for 15 minutes, while not a single one of the 10+ servers acknowledged out presence.  This is not an exaggeration, I know it was 15 minutes because that handy cell phone paging system buzzes you after you put your name in.  

We could actually see the servers scan the long end of the bar and their eyes never made it to the short end, it was entirely as if we were invisible.  On my birthday, I was invisible.  Thanks a lot, Fox.  We actually watched a female server service one group of guys 3 SEPARATE ROUNDS of drinks,  and a couple of ladies 2!  SERIOUSLY.  And the place is loud enough that you cant casually lean over and say, '"excuse me..."'.  Eventually, I yelled:  '"EXCUSE ME, IS THERE BAR SERVICE OVER HERE???""  If you can frickin believe it this bartender responded "Yes" without coming over to take our drink order!!!  She seemed surprised when I followed up my rude inquiry with: "I would like to order a drink".  Cause, you know, I am sitting at the bar.  Waiting......   She never did come over, a different bartender (who had also been ignoring us) eventually came over.  

The thing is....  they were not actually ignoring us.  They never even noticed we were sitting there.  They were soooo focused on pumping up the local D Bags with shots and PBR they never even brought us a menu.  We WATCHED their eyes scan the bar and stop 2 feet short of us.  If anyone even cares, the d bags stayed to play games, while the chicks finished off about 12 rounds of whiskey, straight up, before teetering off to the valet.  Awesome.  

Anyway, everything else is exactly what you would expect from a new restaurant + culinary dropout.  The server is over attentive, everyone checks your ID 15 times, there are 5 hostess's crowded around a tiny station.  The food is good, Arrogant Butcher is better IMO, and so similar I wont bore you with the details.  We had a great experience due to our friends being there, and once the Sunday Funday crowd cleared out around 8pm we played Fooseball and Ping Pong.  They also have shuffle board and bean bag toss, and a ton of tables crowded around gas fireplaces ala fancy backyard (fun!)  You should know that if you want a drink while playing games you have to go up to the bar, which is strange and not obvious.  Servers will walk around the games area, but they dont take orders, and they dont bus dirty tables, and they are annoyed if you ask for a drink as if you should know this already (THEY NEED A SIGN, MMMK?)  We did see a bartender get a new keg and slam down a pint in the stock room which was funny.  

So, in conclusion, despite my poor review, we did have a really good time and I left satiated and satisfied.  Once they work out the kinks this place will be an American Beergarden of Awesomeness.  I highly suggest you hit it up during an 'off' period (no HH, Fri/Sat)  so you can utilize the games and get a sweet table.    This would be a great place to get to know a new date or just kick it with old friends, and the food is legit.
If you ever wished you had a really cool yard, filled with fun games like ping pong and cornhole, decorated with fashionable, comfy furniture, populated with trendy cenpho families and couples, and attended by a helpful, hip waitstaff, serving delicious food and creative cocktails, then The Yard is the place for you.
 Service was friendly and prompt, and they happily accommodated our seating requests for heaters/sun/light/etc.
 The brunch menu (Culinary Dropout) was enjoyable, but not fantastic. I loved the Capn Crunch French toast, but the burger was just meh, and the breakfast burrito was kind of lacking.
 The bar menu looked awesome, but since I'm with child, I had to be satisfied with just dreaming about their creative concoctions. I figured a bartender that dreamed up a book full of interesting cocktails and shots must be able to whip up a pretty good mocktail, right? Wrong, I guess. My request to the waitress for the bartender's choice of "something interesting without alcohol" was met with a blank stare and an offer of fruit juice. I clarified - "do they make any virgin cocktails or mocktails?" She said she would ask, but came back with a half orange juice-half pineapple juice. Not exactly the most daring of creations. Oh well.
 The main attraction here is definitely the outdoor seating area (or yard, if you will). The business was originally a motorcycle sales/repair place, and the motorcycles were all showcased under a huge canopy. That canopy forms the cover for the yard and provided almost 100% shade on a Sunday morning. Under the canopy are a turf area for cornhole, about 4-5 ping pong tables, a foosball table, shufflepuck, and lots of seating. The area is really huge, and even though there were lots of customers in that morning, it was never packed. In addition, there's plenty of space for bike/stroller parking, which was really cute, and seemed to encourage many of the locals to venture out for brunch.
 The  brunch crowd contained a lot of families and there were plenty of kids running around the cornhole turf. I imagine the scene is a little different at night, but I can't comment on that.
 I'm excited for the new seafood restaurant that's opening in one of the other spots surrounding the yard - I read somewhere that it will be an oyster bar, so that would bring a different vibe. Somebody else said a 3rd position will be occupied by a coffee-shop type place, but I can't confirm that.
 Overall, another good eatery with awesome drinks and a super-cool vibe to add to your uptown rotation.
The best pieces of Culinary Dropout - put together in an awesome Arcadia-esque scene, right in North Phoenix. If you're in the area, swing on by - grab some great cocktails/beer - enjoy a tasty bite - and be a kid for a while playing some classic outdoor games. This is the type of place I can spend a whole afternoon at. Expect this place to get busy and stay busy. Official new stomping grounds of "Sunday Funday-ers" everywhere.

- Good live music with built in stage setup
- Enormous covered patio with astro turf area
- Covered bike parking inside (keep those cruisers safe!)
- Joint bathroom sinks provide funny and awkward moments
- Soon to open oyster bar sure to add more unique options
- Enough space for more of Sam Fox's brain children
The best thing I can say was that the food was good.  Then it went down hill from there.  The hostess scowled at us when we asked for a booth.  The waitress never smiled.  When the food arrived (there were three of us there) all we could do was gasp and laugh at the puny portions.  Then when the bill arrived - we were still hungry and it was $60 for lunch.  On the upside the manager was called over and they brought out some extra food to 'make up' for the small portions at no charge.  That would have put our lunch total to $90 for the three of us.   Eek! Me thinks not.  I will never go back there.  Oh yea we arrived at 11 am on Monday and got the last parking place.  For me the Yard is totally ridiculous.
Great food, fun atmosphere. A tad loud though. I prefer their quieter locale in Scottsdale, but the space is very cool and is an impressive place to take someone from out of town. Go!
Love the concept. Plenty of things to do. Good people watching; however, the kids are overwhelming and unsupervised. I felt like I was at a family BBQ- and not in a good way. If I were to return, it'd be much later in the evening when you could be comfortable knowing you're surrounded by adults...
Love it! Fantastic open air space to enjoy the beautiful Phoenix weather. This is Phoenix living at its best! They could use more drink specials for happy hour though.
I have to say that I love all of the Fox RC's but my visit to The Yard this past weekend was just average. 
I think what soured my mood to start the evening was the handling of our reservation. My wife and I had made a reservation for a fairly decent sized group for a Friday night, and requested the patio. They had told us they would accommodate that, which was greatly appreciated. However, upon attempting to seat us, they said that patio was unavailable and would be an extra 45 mins. That being said, we agreed to sit inside, where they attempted to sit our party at 2 seperate tables which were not exactly close to each other. So we had to do some rearranging to set up a cramped space in the corner for our entire party to be seated together. 
Now, I don't want to think that a mix up with the seating/reservation is a reason to completely bash The Yard. That's something that you know won't necessarily happen on every occasion. However, the food I thought was just average. Good, but not great. The beer selection was also good, which I also took as a nice plus. 
I would say that despite feeling unsatisfied after my first visit, I still will definitely go back and hopefully get an opportunity to enjoy some of the outdoor activities.
My experience at the Yard reminds me of the Seinfeld episode with the rental cars:

"See, you know how to take the reservation. You just don't know how to hold the reservation. And that's really the most important part of the reservation, the holding. Anyone can just take them."

I made a reservation for 16 people for a Friday night at 6 p.m. There was torrential downpour that day, so when they called to confirm my reservation, I requested we not be seated on the patio. They then proceeded to talk the patio up BIG TIME. Nice, warm, secure, super covered. Plus, there's tons of games and great ambiance. Needless to say, I was pretty excited about the patio then.

We arrive at the restaurant. They're busy. That's expected. However, they could not accommodate my reservation, especially not on the patio.  After about fifteen minutes, they sat us inside and attempted to do so at two entirely separate tables. I said that wouldn't fly, so they jammed all of us into the tiniest space possible. Not the best treatment for a large party with a reservation.

Our server was great and very apologetic. She was super attentive. However, no one from management ever came to apologize. The place is also insanely loud. I had to shout at the person next to me. Then a live band came out and the place got even louder. I'm only 27 and it was too loud for dinnertime, if that says anything.

The food was just average, except for the kale salad and pretzel bites. Quite tasty. The drinks were phenomenal, but overpriced for size and alcohol content. I had a free birthday dessert--the tort. It was very good.

I'll give the place another whirl, but not with such a large party. And not on a Friday night.

P.S. The bathrooms will throw your for a loop. Parking is ridiculous. Just do the valet.
Visited The Yard for the first time this weekend and was thoroughly impressed. Had some friends from out of town and everyone had a blast playing ping pong, cornhole, shuffle board, etc. Great atmosphere to accompany the tasty drinks. Looking forward to trying the food the next time we visit, but by all accounts this looks to be one of our regular spots!
Third time here. I live literally a 1 minute walk from this place so it's nice to have a place to walk to. Food is decent if you want comfort food. Noise level is VERY high & the kids definitely add to it. The staff is very friendly but unlike other restaurants in the neighborhood they are way too busy to engage you in more than "what would you like & is everything ok" conversation.  They are quick to fix any mistake no matter how small it is which is very nice. I would definitely give this place a try.
Myself and my girlfriend decided to come check out the new place after hearing about the atmosphere and outdoor environment.  Being fans of Sam Fox in general, it was an easy risk to take on a Friday night with perfect weather.  The place just opened so I expected it to be packed especially with the perfect 80 degree weather we had.  Parking is a mild issue but they provide complimentary valet which is nice. 
 
When we arrived we were told it would be an hour to an hour and a half wait which we were ok with.  They use an app that alerts you via email and gives you a party count that updates as tables turn.  I really liked this as we were able to roam and have some drinks out in the yard all while having a good idea of our tables ETA.  I have read that some people have experienced reservation issues and unfortunately we witnessed this as well.  As we were about to be sat, a group of 8 got there page and came to discover that the host made the reservation for two because she saw two people.  I felt really bad for them knowing they waited just as long as us and that they would have a hard time getting a table for 8 right in the middle of the Friday night dinner rush.

Some have complained about the noise, it is loud but this isn't Maestros and you should know that.  We don't have kids but I did like that it's a family environment, very cool concept that I would like to see in North Scottsdale.  The crowd as a whole was very good as well, no hipsters, bros, dickheads, frat guys or yuppies.  I really enjoyed the couple hours of drinking and eating we spent there and will return.

I'm not really going to get in to the food too  much because it's nothing new if you have been to Culinary Dropout.  The ribs, fried chicken, pretzels, and sandwiches are all good.  I've never had a bad meal at Dropout, the menu holds no risk to most diners.  

My overall summary, of all the Sam Fox restaurants this is the coolest/most enjoyable place in my eyes.  I will return many times, despite it being a bit of a drive from North Scottsdale.  If it weren't for the great environment, I would give it 4 stars simply for the stellar menu, but it really is as good as it gets for someone like myself.
It pains me to poorly review a Sam Fox restaurant, because usually I'm a big fan. However, my experience at this particular location was pretty horrible.
First of all, do not come here with any expectations of grandeur. Although it no longer resembles the motorcycle shop that it once was, and has been spruced up with string lights, trendy furniture and nice landscaping, this place still has a bit of a grungy, rock-n-roll feel. Not what I was looking for. Also, do not expect to beat the rush by going on a Wednesday night. We went on a random Wednesday in March and had to wait for AN HOUR. Granted, we could have made reservations, but I didn't think it would be necessary. It was not the most fun when it is your anniversary and you wore your nicest dress and there is nowhere to sit and wait except for picnic tables and adirondack chairs RIGHT next to the cornhole toss. As in, you can feel the bean bags ruffling your skirt as they whizz by.  Not my idea of a romantic night out. I obviously chose the wrong place. The vibe isn't helped when there are kids everywhere. Don't get me wrong, I'm a teacher, I love kids, just not when I am out on the town.
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods. One thing I will say is that the Pretzel Bite appetizer cheered me right up. Those pretzels are DELICIOUS when dipped into a pot of silky provolone cheese. However, they have this same appetizer at Arrogant Butcher, and this was the only positive on a menu that otherwise is completely unimpressive. Salad with ranch dressing? Yesterday's soup? Meatloaf? Beef stroganoff with frozen peas? Come on. You guys can do better than that.  I got the grilled cheese slider with tomato and bacon and they used AMERICAN CHEESE. At least, I'm pretty sure.  Also, the tomato was bland and the bacon was undercooked. So disappointing. I didn't even finish my meal.
I will not be returning here, even after they add more restaurants. If anything, that will just make this place more hectic and overcrowded.
I arrived for lunch with two friends...no reservation, but..arriving at 11:30AM, on a Monday I did not expect a problem...
And...encountered no problem and got seated quickly in the Patio area.
Drink order was quick (good pilsner!)..I and another friend ordered the M.A.C. Burger. I wanted mine pink in the middle, got a well done...ordered fries, and it looked like enough to feed a three year old...way too skimpy on the fries. One of my friends ordered a different burger, wanting it pink-or medium...that to came well done with a child's order of fries.
I'd give my  first visit , on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the best....a score of 6.
Would I return for lunch again??   Not for a while.
It is pretty noisy, too...so if one wants to do a "business lunch", that could be a problem.
It's Sam Fox.  The food is reliable and maybe a dollar overpriced.  The food (which is Culinary DropOut which is essentially Arrogant Butcher) will not offend or disappoint.  The salads are tasty and as always the pretzels served with cheese fondue is tasty and filling.  Be forewarned that gents, if you were a trendy gingham shirt, you will be mistaken for a member of the staff.  Parking is valet only, (and the entrance a little tricky (on the north side)) but I really don't mind valet.  It keeps guys employed who would otherwise be working fast food.  I like the interior, which is low key with a chandelier here or there.   Truly the reason to be here will the patio.  As other dining establishments open up, I can only imagine that it will become more crowded, but while the weather is nice, you should definitely come on out.  It's a nice change of pace from Vig Uptown, and admittedly the food is a bit tastier.  Just don't come expecting your mind to blown (foodwise) and don't wear gingham shirts.
This was the worst dining experience I have ever had. EVER. I am a giant fan of Fox Restaurant Concepts and the first time I went to The Yard - I was so excited. Conceptually, the design is stellar. However, I will not be returning. I called to set a reservation of 12 for my birthday this past Saturday. I was told they did not take reservations. Turns out, they do. I have had several friends that have been told they do not take reservations and another set of friends that say that they have actually made reservations. I found out upon my arrival, they do indeed take reservations. They need to get their story straight.

Anyway, we show up at 3:15pm and put our name on a list for 12. We were told 1 hour to 1.5 hour wait. No problem, we went to the bar. While at the bar, the staff was literally fumbling over one another and it was not even that busy. The entire bar (people we did not even know) were all complaining about the time it took to order one drink due to the lack of attention from the bar staff. 

At 4:30, I go to check in with the hostesses. They had sat a different group at our table and said they would try to find us a new table. This was a result of their miscommunication as a staff. They were not able to clear a table for us right away to rectify their own mistake, so they sat us in a lounge area about 10 minutes later until they could find us a table. However, we would have to vacate the lounge area by 6pm because -wait for it - someone had a reservation for the lounge area at 6. My only prayer was that we certainly wouldn't still be waiting for a table at 6pm (nearly 3 hours later!). 

The waitress for our lounge area was so incredibly rude that I cannot put it into words. I have never had that poor of an attitude from a staff member at any restaurant, especially Fox. After the biggest let down of giving our table away, I was hoping perhaps they would offer to buy us a pitcher of beer or some appetizers. We received one bowl of chips and one fondue dish...for the entire group. We had to wait over 15 minutes for one round of drinks (that we were charged full price for). It was not until the time was nearing 5:30pm that the manager seemed to get proactive about finding us a table. Fast forward to 5:45pm (2.5 hours after arriving) and there is no table that even seems to be in sight for us to be seated at and we are still receiving horrendous service. We decide to go down the street to Zipps where they could seat us immediately. Can you imagine how hungry we are? Arriving at 3:15pm ready to eat?

The manager noticed we were leaving and came over to try and get us to stay. I had been so incredibly respectful, nice and understanding throughout the entire process until I hit my breaking point as we were leaving. I explained that people literally spent money to fly in for this birthday because it was a very special birthday and we chose The Yard for a reason! However, the experience at the Yard ruined my birthday. Upon unloading on the manager, they took care of ONE of my $7 drinks (woohoo?) and he sent me on my way with a free brownie. 

It truly seems as if they only hired for looks at this restaurant because everyone that we encountered may have been good looking, but seemingly had never worked in the restaurant/hospitality/service industry. I have never been so disappointed in a dining experience. The manager asked for my email address so that they could invite us back and give us a special experience. It took him four days to send that follow up email (I received it this morning...prompting this review). Any professional would have sent a sincere apology within 24 hours, which is typical business practice. 

Is there a chance that my group was the exception to the rule? Possibly. However, I am not willing to return and find out. In fact, I will not be returning to any Fox concept for quite a while. Disappointment does not begin to describe my experience at The Yard. Possible patrons beware!
couldn't wait to try this place from the time i heard they were turning the motorcycle dealer into a "beer garden".  Food was so-so, drinks way over-priced and the atmosphere was noisy and very impersonal - not at all the "beer garden" atmosphere i was expecting. The "yard" area leaves a lot to be desired as there is no organization to the games...where do you go to check out equip? no one around to ask, no signs, nada.  The parking?! a complete nightmare - negative 10 stars on that point.  Probably won't be going back, too many other nice, convenient places opening in the neighborhood.
Friday happy hour should not be dominated by kids. Happy hour seating had a 45 minute wait. Regular seating was immediate. What's the difference? Happy hour prices only apply to happy hour seating. They should just be upfront about your choice. Pay full price and sit with kids, or stand with adults and get happy hour pricing.

Good food, good service from Casey and Nate, and nicely measured drinks save a 3 star rating.
This place had me confused from the get go. First off, no parking except for valet, which even though is free you still always tip so it's not free. Is this Phoenix AZ or Los Angeles CA? The neighbors around this place must be pissed, if you don't use valet you have to park in front of their houses. The valet lot is tiny so they run out of room very quickly.

Second, is this a nice restaurant, a sports bar, or a playground for children? I was greeted with a line of about 20 people before we could even speak to a hostess so we just walked into the bar/playground area on our own. After wandering around looking for a seat a little tabled opened up and we took it. Uncomfortable little metal stools and a rickety wood top was what we had to deal with. There was no wait staff coming around to any of these tables so we got a beer from the corner beer bucket girl. $5.25 for a can of Fat Tire. A can. Not very impressive. I suppose I could have walked up to the bar area but it was stacked 2 deep with people waiting to get their drinks as well so I decided to go for the easy way out.

The shuffleboard game was being used by some 6 year old kids who were playing with the sand and not the pucks but the board itself looked like a cheap one and was not very long. We decided to pass up that game and hoped to play ping pong since there were two tables empty. When we went up front to get the paddles the hostess said "I guess the people who have those paddles are eating or something" and we were not allowed to play. The tables sat empty until we left. I noticed on the two tables that were going that there were many instances where people walking down the path were almost hit by the pong players. Ping pong doesn't seem like a good fit for the small space they put it in. Bean bags perhaps, shuffleboard sure, ping pong no.

I can't comment on the food because we never had a chance to order any and the wait for getting inside the restaurant was over an hour. I am sure the food is descent since it is a Fox establishment but the prices I saw seemed a bit steep. 

Again, I am not sure what this place is all about but it definitely didn't feel right to me. I don't want to be hanging out with my friends drinking adult beverages and dodging 5 year old kids who are screaming and running around with no supervision. Is this place meant for families with small kids? Is it mean for college people? Is it made for jocks? Girls that like to get all dressed up? Older folks? Locals? I saw all of these people there and everyone looked out of place to me. 

It will be interesting to see how it works during the summer time, I didn't see any misters in that outdoor game area. Good luck Yard, I doubt I will make it back though.
Really cool concept, but still needs some kinks worked out!  I don't like having to wait in a roped off line to get a drink at only one bar!  There are tons of people waiting for tables too when most of the tables were actually empty.  I guess they are trying to build exclusivity.  

I'll be back when the seafood joint opens and hope it won't be so chaotic.  Again, cool concept, great drinks and food with a good location!
Great concept and atmosphere, but that is all!  The food at Culinary Dropout is a complete joke for what you pay.  To make matters worse every server there is a hipster trying to make their parents proud by finding a job, making service absolutely dreadful, expect for Colin ( he was great, not even our server).  They claim the place is kid friendly, yet they yell at kids for being kids and are more concerned about their precious ping pong tables then their guests.  Don't even get me started on the fact that you have to valet park which is supposedly free, yet you have to tip= scam.

  I recommend staying away from this place unless you have two hours of your life you never want to get back and that is just waiting for a table..
I  l i k e d   t h i  s  p l a c e  ! ! ! !

In fact I liked it a lot, but I must claim that it is a bit overpriced. Not for HH though, and I was here for it. It is funny how you can see what that tried to convey, and by them I mean the people that thought up this place.. designed a laid back atmosphere around an existing building that used to be a motorcycle dealership or something to that effect. 

Service was nice, and both males and females seem to be instructed in how to dress and how to act. Dress - hipsteriffic nerdy kitsch, and act - semi-upscale nice. And they almost pull it off on both accounts, and I will not say a negative word about it due to the fact that they seem to pull it of. And by pull it off, I mean create revenue.

I can only talk about the Yard section, which is a roof covered outside area that has plenty of places to sit and it is quite cozy. They have fussball and corn-hole and other outside yard-crap that is very cool, but I didn't take advantage of these sweet activities. Instead I planted myself in a cozy chair and have great conversation while I sucked down some tasty wheat brews. The food looked nice, and they all said it tasted good. I saved room for some more tasty wheat brew.

An odd, but cool detail is that when you walk into the mens room, you see that the.. nope, I leave that surprise to you. I laughed though. To myself, not out loud. That would just been weird. 

Come see this place for yourself, because I cant tell the story to give it justice. 

.. und das ist, wie üblich, nach der Kritiker

Ps. The parking is crappy. Valet only.
As far as the food goes - it's overpriced and not notably delicious. The only thing I would order again is the soft pretzel fondue appetizer.  Everything else I tried or that my friends ordered was only mediocre, or less than mediocre. I ordered the shrimp caesar kale salad and was pretty disappointed. The salad itself was fine (although too much dressing) but the shrimp was those tiny popcorn breaded and fried shrimp (96% breading and 4% shrimp)- not what I expected in a salad. I would've much preferred a few normal-sized grilled shrimp, especially if I'm paying $13.  My friends ordered various antipasti, none of which seemed impressive. One of my friends ordered the sweet corn cannelloni which she didn't even finish because it was too sweet and the corn wasn't cooked enough.

The reason I am giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 is because the vibe is really cool. I like the little stage they have for live music and I think the "yard" is awesome with all the different games to play. I'd be back to have a drink, order that fondue appetizer, and play games, but NOT for dinner.
Definitely a weird experience. Sun's in your face if you get there at the wrong time of day, no parking lot so good luck on the street, and weird bathroom thing going on. Really good space for groups, though, and definitely a good array of drink choices. Not great for an intimate evening.
Met some friends here for drinks last night. Overall, we really enjoyed he place. Great mix of people and very cool layout. The service was attentive, especially for such a huge crowd. Guessing it is a challenge to keep everything straight when the place is packed....like it was when we were there.

Our visit was on a packed Thursday at the tail end of happy hour.  We figured it would be busy, but were amazed at how full this huge place was! Enjoyed a big 24oz can of Modelo Especial at the bar as Jeannie went for the house Pinot noir. We waited with our friends for about 15 minutes for a table.  There is lots of seating, but not sure if the couches and the play area are open to self serve.

Backing up a bit though...

Word of advice: Be prepared to either use the valet or park on a side street. We parked on a side street and felt lucky to find a somewhat close spot. Made the mistake of walking all the way around the front of the place only to discover the entrance is in the back.  Long trek if you are in heels....sorry Jeannie! 

Only ordered the pretzel balls since we had eaten earlier. They are pretty awesome, so save some room for those! 

My buddy and I decided to go for the beer in a bag. Planned on waiting to finish them then discover what we were drinking, however someone (cough...Jeannie! ) blew the surprise and unsheathed one after the first sip! 

Hard to imagine a place with more drink possibilities! 

Looking forward to returning. There is a bacon Bloody Mary that I have to try!
I came here a few times on business lunches. This place is beautiful and has a huge patio that I can see be filled up with local patrons at night. Their food is good but not fantastic for the price.

I will have to see how the nightlife here is.
My roommate and I wanted to check out The Yard as we had drove by it a few times and it looked like a great venue (love the outdoor area, swanky yet laid back- love the games). The valet line was crazy long and we were quoted 2 hours, 15 min later I got the text that our table was ready- no complaints here and we took our beers and pretzel fondue to the table. I thought the appetizer was good but nothing to write home about. We were stuffed before starting though so just got salads. Mine was great (super fresh), minus the slightly overcooked tuna. We had the peanutbutter pie that was to die for! What really sold us was our AMAZING waiter Jeff. He was always around without lingering. He gave great recommendations and realized I hadnt eaten the tuna without me saying anything and brought us out the pie. With service like this we will definiltey be back!
Let me preface this review by stating I was quite anxious and excited to visit the yard for the first time.  Friends of mine had been raving about 'the yard' for weeks.  Unfortunately, the rave reviews are the only pleasant experience I had with 'the yard'.  The appearance and overall architecture of the building are contemporary and clean.  I appreciated that the hostess stand was available and inviting as you walked into the restaurant.  From that point on it was disappointment.  The restaurant and outdoor area were vacant, but mysteriously there were no tables available for 45 minutes to an hour.  We then asked if we could stand at the bar and order drinks and were told its fine, but to make sure we left enough room for other patrons to maneuver.  Since this was a first time experience we ordered our drinks and began to walk around the facility.  We noticed empty table after empty table.  We determined it would be okay to claim one as our own.  We did that and no one seemed to mind.  Strange that there were no tables, but when we claimed on as our own we received service once.  No one asked us to leave or vacate to allow for a reserved patron.  

As stated previously we received service once.  From that point on even though we had a large party we had to order our own food and drinks at the bar area.  We also had to deliver it to ourselves.  Having sat for a few minutes I decided to take notice of my surroundings.  As I looked around I couldn't help but notice the melancholy stares of the employees and customers.  I noticed that this place is filled with the pretentious and snooty.  I remember when I was 20 years old sitting in bars and leaving my keys out so people knew what I was driving.  But, these were grown adults flaunting their Maserati, Rolls Royce and Bentley keys.  The parking lot already allowed me to indulge in a car show.  I don't care who belongs to which car.  That really does not impress me.  I believe the biggest folly of this establishment is that it does not quite designate if it is a bar/restaurant or daycare.  I must mention that I was there on a Friday afternoon following a spring training baseball game.  Many parents were there after school with their children.  While they were enjoying their afternoon cocktails and wine I had to listen to their children bang on the metal garbage cans, run around screaming and my personal favorite rolling on the ground up to my heels.  I actually had to tell several children that I had enough and move things around.  The kids also took the bean bags and instead of playing corn hole were playing dodge ball with them.  I became further enraged when my girlfriend was properly playing with the bean bags and took her shoes off to better participate in the game.  The manager quickly ran over and asked her to put her shoes on as he would not want her to cut her feet on broken glass.  Perhaps I am in the minority, but I believe it is more of a concern having kids rolling on the floor and aggressively playing then someone taking off their shoes to play a game of bags/corn hole.

My concerns over 'the yard' were confirmed when a friend of mine attended the following weekend.  He is 26 years of age and has a vertical ID.  When he presented his ID he was turned down b/c they do not accept vertical ID's there.  When he asked when that policy was put in place they stated, "last week."  While he was not happy with their decision to deny him service he remained so that his other friends could enjoy their time there.  On of his friends ordered a drink they were pleased with.  They asked him to try it.  He did and the manager quickly came over and rudely said that he would kick them all out if he saw a drink in his hand again.  While my friend and I understand their desire to not allow vertical ID's and be upset that he did try a drink we both believe the aggressive tone and attitude the Manager took was not warranted nor was it justified.  

While I could go on about my disdain for 'the yard' I would rather leave with a few partying words.  The drinks at 'the yard' are excellent, as long as you are ordering a specialty cocktail.  The prices may be high, but I understand that they are attempting to appeal to a higher echelon more pretentious crowd.  The food that we ordered was average at best for the price we paid.  I did not appreciate the school yard atmosphere, this is a bar not a place for children, they should regulate that patronage more closely.  I left unsatisfied and under appreciated.  Ultimately, I will NEVER return to 'the yard' and now find it difficult to enjoy other Fox Restaurant Concept establishments.
If there's something not to like about The Yard, I don't know what it is.

Oh, yeah. My bad. I do know what it is. It's the parking sitch.

Painful waits to park or exit when it's busy, and there's now a sign which alerts you that you will be towed if you park on a neighborhood street. 

Other than that parking deal, it's a great spot to chill. Hard to imagine a better looking patio with more comfortable options to place your rump and daydrink. The service doesn't hover but they're around when you need a refill or to re-up. Prices are not horrible and you can order great snacks from Culinary Dropout across the floor. The bathroom is begging you to walk in on someone of the opposite sex, but use it as a conversation starter if there's a lull in the action.

It has been said that the staff here range from dirty-hot to nerdy-hot. They do, which makes them hot either way. I will look at an attractive woman like a hungry lion unless someone smacks me and tells me to stop and the lady friend in my group did the same to the menfolk working here. What a perv, man.

The crowd was pretty mixed every time I've dropped in. A few older folks, some teenagers, hot moms with strollers and a couple douchebags thrown in. I prefer a bowl of m&ms to a bowl of just rice or beans though, don't you?
When trying something new, I have learned not have any expectations, positive or negative,  until I have experienced it for myself. Otherwise, I've either felt let down because I expected too much or I didn't let myself have a good time because I nit picked everything.
Well for whatever reason I couldn't help but have high expectations of this place. Thankfully, it was one of the times where I was not let down!
I came here around 9 one night recently. I had heard about the long waits, so I had held off for a while but finally broke down and dragged a friend with me after work one night. She parked on the street, I valeted. For as busy as it was, my friend said there was plenty of street parking, I just wasn't paying attention. There was several cars in front of me, but the line moved fast, and I only had to wait a couple minutes before it was whisked off by some kid who probably just got his license last week (not complaining about skill, he just looked barely old enough to drive).
We walked right in and put our name on the list and had about a 30-45 min wait (which turned out to only be 25 min) so we walked to the bar ordered a couple drinks and went and sat in the adirondack chairs by the ping pong tables. We sat, talked, watched people playing ping pong and having a good time. The atmosphere was loud, fun, and happy.
Once we received the text that our table was ready, the hostedss walked us to our table and introduced our server who was friendly and sweet. we asked for recommendations and wound up ordering some cheese and pickeled peppers to start which where delicious.
For our entrees, I had the fish and chips and she had the corn canneloni. Wow! Seriously, some of the best fish and chips I have ever had. Light, buttery, flaky fish with flavorful, crunchy breading. My friends canneloni was delicious as well, I only tasted a bite (I was surprised I was allowed that much) so I can't go too in depth about its deliciousness, but I would definitely order it for myself next time.
The portions were big, I took one piece of fish, half my fries and all my cole slaw home and she took almost half of her dish home.
For pickeled peppers, cheese, fish and chips, canneloni and 4 glasses of wine, our bill was $68. I don't know what people are complaining about. I really don't.
The prices are typical, the portions were good sizes, the drinks were big, the service was impeccable and valet is pretty standard for central and downtown Phoenix. I absolutely loved the Yard and can't wait to come back. All of you haters can go back to your suburban Olive Gardens and Applebees.
I was invited to the soft opening of this restaurant a few months back and had an amazing time: attentive service, awesome food selection, and great drinks. 

I've been back several times since then. I've decided I like The Yard but I have to prepare myself before going in. Here are things to expect: 

1) Slow service - through no fault of the waitstaff or kitchen, the place is so massive and fills up that food is slow service is slow, not exactly sure how they plan to fix this but it's something to be aware of when you go in. Self serve bar is the best option to get fast drinks, and come in only mildly hungry because food will take awhile so work up an appetite while you wait.

2) 10-20 Minutes wait to park - they do have valet, but during peak hours (4PM on), you'll find a long wait just to get to valet. No parking anywhere in the area, so might as well just wait in line. 

3) Price - I've been for happy hour and the prices are good during that time, after that drinks can be pricey depending on what you order. Do some research before hand on their site. 

4) Food - The menu is seemingly diverse. I had the fish which was a decent entree. Appetizers like the chips with onion dip and pretzels with fondue cheese are good bar food. I'd give the food 3 out of 5 stars, it's pretty good but could be better. I was hoping for more diversity in the menu and higher end produce. 

Overall the ambiance is awesome, definitely a hot spot to be seen in central Phoenix, great bands, cool bartenders, and awesome location. Downsides are service, wait and price... but I have to expect that in a larger city restaurants that draw in so many people like The Yard does would have similar downsides. 

I recommend the yard, but caution those who want something quick and cheap. The Yard is not the place for you. If you're looking for an awesome experience, don't mind waiting and can deal with the parking situation - The Yard is your spot!
So I came here on the recommendation of an acquaintance.

He sent me this text saying I should come find him at this "awesome place" which I found to be quite vague. So I called him and got the address and for some reason I heard him say beer pong instead of ping pong. 

I assume it is the result of my old janky phone and bad reception. I am broke and cannot afford a new one so miscommunication happens often...

I was only mildly disappointed that it was ping pong instead of beer pong and decided to play a few games. I discovered that I really really suck at ping pong

As for parking ....we just didn't use the blasted valet. We found a spot far far away from the bar. I have a bum ankle but was willing to gimp along if it meant avoiding the kind of headache that using valet usually entails. 

We decided to get some food and started off with ordering waters. Since it was so crazy busy I think the waiter completely forgot about us. I was slightly annoyed because I had just got to Phoenix from Detroit and could barely breathe due to the crazy climate. 

I am not kidding; I felt like my mouth was full of sand 24/7 so I was constantly chugging water. So I'm sitting like there wondering if we should just bug someone for some water.

So we are sitting there chilling out and I'm trying not to die of thirst/or heatstroke someone from management came up to us and apologized. He was really super nice and offered us free food. 

I wish I could remember his name because it was a nice gesture. But I can't think of it right now. So we had a bit of a wait but we did get our drinks and free food out of the deal!

The food there is expensive. That is just my opinion as a broke girl from Detroit. I got the cheapest thing on the menu....the salad and it was surprisingly good considering that it didn't have that much stuff on it.

The bathroom kind of tripped me out...I was afraid I had accidently wandered into the men's (which I have done before due to being something of a space cadet) because there were men at the sink when I walked in. As it turns out, there is a communal sink area and the bathrooms themselves are adjacent to that. 

So try not to have a panic attack when you see someone of the opposite sex in there when you walk in lol.

I felt kind of out of place ...I tend to like dive bars where I can dress like a scrub and just enjoy my drinks without trying to impress everyone in the place. Many of the women were decked out (I am talking stilettos and minidress and shit) and I was trying to understand why.

There was also a delightful smattering of douchebags and hipsters there. I have come to terms with this because they are becoming impossible to avoid. Hipsters are like death and taxes: nobody likes them but we have to deal with them anyway so we might as well get used to it.

So yeah, good food, drinks, and friendly management plus free food! I also learned how to play ping pong (sort of). No complaints here. 

The atmosphere was pretty chill with the exception of overdressed (or maybe I was underdressed?) people who can really cramp a chill vibe in a place. Overall, it was a pretty cool experience.
This place is amazing.  Great live music, tons of ping pong tables and cornhole boards, and great drinks/service.  Add to that complimentary valet parking and it was a perfect night out.
I really like what they've done with this building - too often the mindset in Phoenix is "tear it down and rebuild!"  Re-purposing this old auto dealership was incredibly clever.  There is a large open area under the steel roof, with foozball and ping-pong tables in a garden-like setting.  The main dining room is laid out with a casual arrangement - encouraging groups and loud conversations.  The acoustics, however, not so good.

We joined some friends at The Yard for some happy-hour fun and dining at the new Culinary Dropout.  The place was packed, the line for the valet was at least ten deep and leading out of the full parking lot.  Fortunately, we found a spot along a shady street nearby and walked over.  Since our friends were already there, we just walked right in the back entrance.  The dining room is huge and airy, very industrial looking, and with the kitchen tucked into a corner, kinda reminded me of North in Arcadia.  Service was prompt and efficient- more on that later.

Great beer selection, with some rotating microbrews, drafts, cans and bottles.  Oddly, Duvel was listed under the "fruity drinks" section.  Ok, then.  We started with a Stella draft, then split an order of pretzel balls that we dipped into a hot mini-fondue of delicious mild provolone cheese.  This was delicious.  For dinner, we split the Fried Chicken dinner, it seemed to be something everybody was ordering, judging from the tables around us.  After finishing the Stella, and finding Duvel on the menu, I naturally switched to the more flavorful beer.  Soon, our dinner arrived, conveniently split onto two plates, despite that we did not ask for this.

The chicken was tender and juicy, with a crispy breading that was flavored with hints of pepper and buttermilk, the mashed and gravy was creamy and good and the coleslaw was savory and a good compliment to the chicken.  There was a honey biscuit, and it tasted kinda like the honey got smeared all over the plate, as the chicken hinted honey flavor as well.  This is where things started going downhill for the service.

The place was packed when we arrived, and the noise level was about shouting "What?" repeatedly to the person seated next to you.  Intimate dining experience this is not.  After delivering the dinner, we didn't see anybody until the busboy and waittress came to clear the table - well, to be fair, she did breeze by to make sure our meals were ok.  Three diners were finished, one was not.  They cleared all the plates but for the finished diner, leaving the lone diner to feel pressured to wrap it up.  BAD form C-D.  So, I scarfed the rest of my meal.   The busboy then returned several times, sneaking in to remove empty glasses without asking, or offering a refill.  The impression we got was at odds with the feel of the restaurant, it's cozy, with sofa's and chairs, fun games to play outside, yet you are not encouraged to stay a while and maybe order a dessert, or an after-dinner drink.

I would give this place an easy four-stars for the food, but the intrusive service really detracted from the enjoyment.  Perhaps Friday evening during happy hour is not the best time to dine here :-)
On the whole, I really enjoyed this place. The food was really good. The service was good...aside from our table being transferred to 3 different servers during our visit...but all 3 servers were good. My only true complaint is the fact that they allow children in the "Yard" area. This is the area to have a couple drinks & play a game of bags with friends...Not for your children to run around being obnoxious to adults looking to relax SANS KIDS!! Children in bars make me uncomfortable. PERIOD. It's not fair the majority of patrons have to suffer because a few refuse to get a babysitter or dine at a "rugrat friendly" establishment.
Cute place. Fun atmosphere. I had the MAC Burger. Which is their version of the Big MAC. Obviously much better though. The fries were fantastic! There was some trouble trying to make reservations for our large party. We ended up just showing up and waiting to grab a table. Other then that, It was a good experience.
Decided to meet up with some friends for happy hour before driving in rush hour to get home. We started out by trying to find a place to park which was impossible. Keep in mind folks theres NO PARKING here unless its valet, and even then it fills up. They must expect you to park in the neighborhood which is filled with no parking signs. Apparently the neighborhood got sick of being the parking lot. I've never been to an establishment that has no parking. Once you finally get in the valet the place is big and open inside.  There is a mix of everything for all age groups. Thats nice, but theres a lot of kids running around. The bathroom experience is different... Its fine for adults, but I wonder what the little girls think when they walk out of their toilet and are looking at a bunch of guys washing their hands. I really wouldn't want my kids to be in a washroom area of a bathroom with a bunch of drunk men...which there is no shortage of on a Friday night.  The entrance is off the back facing the parking lot/ alley way, and is next to an ugly yellow auto shop.  The inside is uniquely decorated and has some cool furniture on the patio to hang out in. Unfortunately it was all reserved, so we stood the whole time.  It took forever to get a drink and you had to almost yell to have a conversation. We tried an appetizer (brats) which was very good.. The only problem is it was quality and not quantity.  Very little food for the money although it did taste good.
Live in the neighbor hood and was excited to have a fun new place like the Yard so I could just walk to but instead all I get to enjoy is loud music playing every weekend untill after 11 pm and that sucks for the working people or just trying to spend a nice quite night at home on my patio, instead there are cars parked on the street so my guest have to park down the street and the noise level is exstreme. Now I wish they would just go away.. or yeah the food is expensive, drinks are weak if you can get one and they seem to give a lot of Free Food a way to customers who have to wait a long time to get service or even if you get noticed.. and that was the two times I tried it..
Like many others have echoed -- this place is seriously suffering from an identity crisis.  But truthfully, lots of Phoenix establishments do -- this one is just particularly shameless about it.

Who is this place for?  Certainly not families with kids -- my son and I waited for an hour just to *not* get in on any games.  Locals, foodies, older crowds, hipsters, college students?  None of the above.

The sheer volume of patrons must drive the locals nuts, with cars tucked away in every corner of the neighborhood and people wandering through the streets like zombie lemmings.  Foodies are gonna be seriously let down by the food, which is a notch above Chili's.  Older folks out looking for a vibrant meal sure will get that with all the pushy patrons and their kids running around.  I think hipsters and college students are immediately disqualified because of the prohibitive cost and patience/persistence required to get in on any of the games.

This place is seriously expensive -- borderline outrageous -- for what you get in the ambiance you get it in.  I have absolutely no problem paying $50 for the perfect bone-in fillet -- but paying $22 for a some kind of cooked-to-death sliced meat over gorgonzola cheese with a side of fries (fries!) is robbery and a violation.

So, I guess the perfect demographic would be young and obscenely rich parents that don't have to do any parenting -- those that use social cues instead of taste buds to decide if what they are eating is any good.  The nanny gets to hover over the children and wait for games to open up, while the parents get tipsy on $15 sugar water.  Good thing the valet is free -- they'll pull their Expeditions right up for them.

So it's either those people or maybe college kids with trust funds and nothing better to do?

Pass.
Beer selection is good, food was great. Our waiter was courteous so I am not sure what happened with others. I did enjoy that they had all the games available but we weren't able to grab any. Frustrating, I know, but these things happen so people should probably relax on that one.
Great place to eat, drink and play some games. A bit chaotic but if you go in prepared for that it will been fun place to hangout with some friends
I had no idea what to expect before I got there. This place is huge and has so much room and things to do. Bags, ping pong, shuffle board and a ton of places to just sit. Plenty of bar space, dining space and activity space. The food was decent and we generally had a great time.  We did go on a Thursday afternoon but there's nothing bad I can say about it. I will be back!
Place was crowded, parking sucks.  Drinks are weak. Ping Pong tables and paddles are worn out.  Cool Concept but they should ad more games. Staff was friendly.
The food was just OK.  Nothing special.  It took forever to get our meal. The service was horrible.  I was asked if I wanted more coffee but I didn't get it until my food was almost gone.  The service really needs to improve.  My waitress would disappear for 20 minutes.  Oh, valet parking only or street parking.  I would go back for a casual lunch or happy hour but not for "special occasion".  Not good enough for that.
Loved the atmosphere; it's unique and energetic. Decor is great, especially "outside".
Service was bad... Our waitress was MIA most of the evening. Ended up going to bar for self service, also filling up our own water glasses. By the way, bartender was slow to wait on us and was not very friendly.
Food-- just ok. Had pretzel with cheese fondue, which was good but pretzels had too much salt on them. Also had a burger which was decent, nothing to write home about.
If management would work on improving service we would make this a regular stop despite food being average, since it has such a good vibe. Not sure whether it's worth the price unless at least the service steps things up.
I went here on a Saturday afternoon and arrived at 4 o'clock.  Upon checking in to get a table, we were greeted by a polite young female hostess.  I was informed, in order to get a table a phone number is required.  I was put off by this, asked why and was told this is how the paging system works.  

Really?  You need my personal information!! I don't know why I have a problem with this but I do.  

Ultimately, I gave her my number.  At this point, I decided to ask how long the wait was.  She politely advised 30 minutes.  It was at this time that the pompous  tattooed male hostess, leaning against the wall, gave a snarky reply, "more like 45 minutes".  

Can you be anymore unprofessional!  First, get your foot off the wall, uncross your forearms, stand up straight, and face those entering the restaurant and show a little bit of respect!  

I would have fired this guy on the spot due to his tone and disrespect if I owned this place!!  Total jerk! 

Needless to say, my date and I didn't even get past the entry way because of this! 

I will never come back to this place!  Why wait in line to valet your car, then wait 30 minutes or more to be seated, only to be served run of the mill food that is pricey.  This isn't a five star restaurant with a all star famous chef!  Come on!  

There are so many better places to go that have exceptional customer service and great food in central PHX! Don't waste your time here!!!  

Thank you "The Yard" for setting us straight about your place of business!  

(5-4-13 is when we attempted to try this place)
Great place!  Just visiting AZ, but had a blast here.
Let me start off by saying I am a huge Fox restaurant fan, they seem to do most things right. Culinary Drop Out is one of my favorites of the Fox restaurants, so when I heard they had a new location with a super cool patio/ "Yard" I was stoked to go try it out. The menu is pretty much the same as culinary drop out in Scottsdale, which is fine by me, because it is so good! The inside of the restaurant is not as cool as I expected, but the yard was pretty fun. I liked the games everywhere and the extremely laid-back vibe. The best part of it all, the pretzel fondue. Do not leave this place without trying it. You won't be dissapointed. :) I came for lunch, but am looking forward to coming for drinks and games sometime in the future.
This place is primarily a bar- not a restaurant.  If you wish to dine, stay away from here.  The music is way too loud as is the restaurant.  My companion and I hasd dinner meals (beef stroganoff and fried chicken.)  We asked for bread and the waiter brought it with oil (I prefer butter.)  There were 4 slices of ciabatta.  We asked for additional bread and he told us that there would be a $2.00 charge, which I found outregeous.  The food was less than mediocre.  The following day, both os us woke up with a bad case of diaherrea.  Neded I say more?????????????
This place was hoppin' after work on a Friday.  The food was OK, not bad, not outstanding either.  Good selection of beers.  Surprisingly broad cross section of ages, young professionals to older folks like me.  Also some families.
Super crowded but lots of fun
Very cool setup with plenty of room however the wait staff seems to have trouble serving everyone. I was there on a not busy Wednesday night. Our waitress rarely showed up, then brought my entire group of 12 ONE bill without ever asking if we wanted to separate...very annoying. The drink prices are pretty high too.
I like the concept of this place a lot. However the service is below average most of the time. I had to wait an hr and 15 minutes for a burger and didn't get a sorry or anything from the server. She seemed very uninterested and lacked passion which hurt the overall experience. Overall I will come here again, but just for the beer and games.
i'm super in love with this place! A buddy of mine lives in the area and I hadn't been yet, so we rode our bikes on over. It's a HUMONGOUS place with a seafood bar, regular bar food and a HUGE entertainment area with bean bag tossing, ping pong and foosball tables. I'm super excited to come back here as I can ride my bike inside and just hang!
YARDWORK -- Culinary Dropout is Too Cool For School.

Sam Fox is crazy. Crazy like a--well-- "fox." With Fox Concepts restaurants dotting the culinary landscape, you can't go far without finding one of his kitchens' cooking. Zinburger, NoRTH Italian Farmhouse, Sauce, True Food Kitchen, Olive & Ivy, Arrogant Butcher, Modern Steak, Wildflower and Blanco Tacos + Tequila. They're sprouting up like portobello mushrooms.

His latest "gastropub," Culinary Dropout, not only has a location in chi-chi Scottsdale (natch!) but one in viva Las Vegas, inside the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. The latest Dropout is part of a burgeoning campus called, "The Yard."

After pouring $8 million dollars into the gigantic 53,000 square foot facility, another Dropout debuted. Culinary Dropout has a pleasing, tasty (if largely unadventurous) menu. Think "comfort food" with a little twist. With an uncomfortable price tag. An attractive antipasti menu featuring meats, veggies and cheeses kick off the event with prices from $2 for bread & olive oil and (yikes!) $13 for Iberian Ham, a Spanish delicacy.

Shared plates include brats or black mussels ($12) and their fabulous Soft Pretzels & Cheese Fondue for $10. Seven different sandwiches can be yours. Turkey Pastrami is served on a pretzel roll with Swiss cheese and coleslaw for a pricey $13. Nice. But not necessarily a bargain. A French Dip with shaved prime rib, fontina and au jus is a wallet-busting $17.

Six different salads are featured; the Winter Salad ($12) with sweet potato, apples, farro, pomegranate, black kale walnuts and goat cheese is something you'll find yourself craving.

The 11 entrées prove to be a hard choice; prices range from $13 for Meatloaf served with familiar friends, mash potatoes, gravy and green beans. The highly touted Fried Chicken gives you a rather puny breast, leg and thigh for $16. Ours was served room temperature along with the mashed potatoes and a biscuit. If it was hot, it would've been heavenly--but still expensive. I wish I knew the secret to the breading, however.

Cast your line for the delish Rainbow Trout, de-boned, beautifully filleted, prepared with plenty of butter and daintily topped with French green beans, a few caramelized shallots and toasted almonds. A nicely sized fish, but it looked a little lonely on an even bigger platter. A spoonful of Rice Pilaf or a polenta would helped justify the whopping $19 they reel out of your wallet.

Try out a few nibbles available at Happy Hour for a fraction of the price on Monday-Friday, 3-6 p.m. A tempting Brunch Menu is available Saturdays & Sundays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m.

The Yard will also house Little Cleo's Seafood Legend, which opened March 20. 

One draw for The Yard will be the never-ending patio, stretching as far as the eye can see. McDonald's has a PlayHouse with a Jump- Jump and slides for AD/HD brats. Dropout has the same thing--except for hipsters. Ping- pong tables, cornhole, bocce and tetherball will keep you occupied while you wait. And wait. And wait for a table. On busy nights you can expect a 2-hour wait. At least. Parking is a challenge, but valet is free.

The Yard is still worth a look/see. But watch out: look at your wallet. See it disappear.
Poor lunch.      MAC burger was just that a Big Mac with 19 french fries..   G chicken salad..  Served in a 9" bowl.  The waitresss quickly said " it's on the bottom"  as I looked for the chicken.   Only  1/2 filled with no crackers or bread served with the salad.   And of course we paid the price.
Sam Fox restaurant.  Its the combo of a play-yard (ping pong and cornhole - no not that kind) and drinks, sometimes a band, and good peeps.  Good place to go hang out.  Fun lively atmosphere, etc.  Parking you should plan on valet due to good size crowds (even on sunday).  I cannot comment on the food much as I have only had a few appetizers, which were good.
My husband and I are great fans of Culinary Dropout. There's one right by our house, but we heard about The Yard and about a great area of games and such. We took our three kids there and moved our table three times to be close to the gaming area so they could play. Each time, the hostess seemed confused and we felt we were being reprimanded for our move. There was no one there. We thought for sure this is our place for the summer, even though it's a bit warm. My children were not misbehaving, just playing ping pong as we supervised. The manager came over twice and told them they were not allowed to be in the area, which is the very reason we were there. I understand about children misbehaving and running wild with other adults present, but this was not the case at all. We were excited about a nice afternoon, but once we were told the children could not even play a game of ping pong, we left immediately. We will not return there. If you have children, you shouldn't go either.
It is such a weird place. First off parking is awful and it is confusing even knowing how to get in this place. Valet. I was second in line and went on an off hour so that was fine. The place is an old motorcycle shop so it is a warehouse with these cool, urban chandeliers hanging off the pipe rafters. It is really as strange as it sounds but kinda cool! They have this big patio back yard. I did not sit out there it looked so pretty. They had a singer out there who was good. 

The staff is very young and super attractive, hip. The patrons are all types. I had good service. I was treated very nice by all. I wasn't feeling well when I visited and needed time to kill before a gig. The waitress did not mind me sitting, reading, and being, all in all, pretty slow. I ordered the pretzels of course, because that is the talked about food here. Even for non cheese lover me, Ummmmmm, Hello? They were great but 10 dollars is way too much. Ouch! The homemade chips looked really good for a return trip. I did not eat any of the other food. I have heard poor things about the food here beyond the apps so I will have to come back and give it a try myself. 

A note on the server. She was great and very nice. However, she should not wait for a costumer to ask to refill drinks. I had to ask for drink refills. Still the service was much better than the other Yelpers have written about. The food came very fast too but again I just ordered the app. 

I liked it and would go back at least one more time to see what I think. I am not sure they will last though since they are way overpriced. 

PS- the bathrooms are interesting and my friend swears by their Bacon Bloody Mary.
Great food and service. Loved the atmosphere.  They get busy early and parking is limited so make a reservation and use the free valet parking.
You guys would get a bunch of food orders from the dodgeballers on Tuesday nights if you installed a pager system.. we've been playing all night usually..have been coming to the yard for months now... I want to order food but you are required to stand at the bar and wait for it.  I'm co-owner of the league and need to hang outside with my people... if they paged me I'd go to the bar but if I have to stand and wait then im not ordering food... there's 45-80 of us.. every Tuesday.
The set up is sweet, but the service and food is lacking. I was served raw chicken with no silverware. Had to ask the server for water 3 times and still never received anything. Then to make matters worse, somehow they ended up charging me for an order of ribs that i never ordered. the server argued and pleaded with us until a friend wound up paying for it. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS DUMP!!! 
Way to Mr. Fox.
Good concept!
Tough to find a spot.... Because the place is the bomb!!
Once was enough. Mom paid $8 (which seems like nothing) for a side of asparagus and one piece of cheese. It was ridiculous and made me sad. Happy hour only applies if you're sitting at a high top table... I was literally two feet from one, yet, did not qualify. What is the difference? I have been to True Food and was seriously disappointed; therefore, did not have high hopes for another fancy Fox Restaurant Concepts establishment. Didn't eat, because I was already let down when we were served by the same waitress who we had the one and only time I visited True Food. She seriously disappointed me when she told my mom she could bring out some crudités, as mom did not want the pita bread that accompanies the hummus. Well, little did we know, the VEGETABLES would be somewhere around $8 on top of the ridiculous amount paid for the hummus. I would rather buy a tub of hummus from Costco, seriously. She could have maybe, well I don't know, mentioned that the side of vegetables would be extra... Anyway, I was not impressed. Especially because there are at least four (4) establishments I can think of on Central Avenue just north of Camelback that offer awesome pitchers of beer for $5 during happy hour.

Also, I came here one Saturday night prior to tonight's visit and was told there would be a two hour wait... HA HA. I want to know what type of people are keeping these places in business. I don't even feel bad about this negative review, as I feel like Fox is seriously ripping people off with every business venture they develop.

Pretzel bites? Ah, that was creative. You forgot sweet potato fries... Don't want to stray too far from the bandwagon.
Great customer service by Nate Diederich! Read my yelp review, approached me at the bar to show me a new app they are using to page cellphones when my orders ready so I can now leave the bar area and come back when it's ready! Can't wait to try the food! :) ill test it out here and if it works ill tell the rest of the Dodgeballers on Tuesday nights. Appreciate the Yard taking the time to remedy the situation just in the nick of time too..we were prepping to start trying out other bars where we are able to eat Tuesdays when league starts up again next week. Great work around.
I've been several times and as a general rule really enjoy The Yard for drinking and good times. I haven't been to Cleo's for the seafood, but am excited to give it a try. I think Culinary Dropout is basically good. The mussels are usually a strong performer and I will order them with a side of roasted tomatoes. Really, I think sitting at the bar and ordering the tomatoes and bread is a pretty good thing. 

What makes this place really a great addition to the neighborhood and Phoenix as a whole is the backyard area that offers both fun activities (ping pong, bean bags, etc.), drinks (I really like when the beer tent/stand is open) and good people watching. Be warned, taking advantage of the nice beer selection will eventually ruin your ping pong abilities.

Problems? Sure, everyplace has problems. The thing that really starts to wear on you after a little bit are the kids that take over the game areas. I get it, mom and dad want to go out and have a nice time and the yard has space that kids can (should they??? A much, much bigger question) run around. Fine. I'm just saying that there is some sort of chart or graph that could be developed incorporating: drinks consumed, relative parenting skill, time of day/night, propriety of having your kids at what transforms into more bar than restaurant and way more of both than playground. I'm no stat wizard so somebody will have to work out the details. I have had a kid running way beyond restaurant speed knock the (somewhat pricey) full beer out of my hand. His parents are officially out of the running for parent of the year.   

All told, The Yard is a great addition to what is becoming a very nice area for bars and restaurants near Bethany Home Rd.
The best part about The Yard is the atmosphere by far. It is decorated beautifully and is a good idea in theory. I've been to Culinary Droupout before, this is the same thing with the addition of the large outside seating (...obviously). So, I'm not sure why I expected to have my mind changed. The food was underwhelming, and somewhat pricey. The drinks were so-so. It's what you would expect from a sports bar, with way better presentation. Our waiter was really nice, but everything seemed pretty unorganized. As a customer, you don't want to feel the discomfort of the confused wait staff. I typically don't rip on businesses, especially if they have put a lot of effort into building it. That being said, I think an updated menu and more structure could make The Yard a really fun place to be. I would try it again if only to get a beer after work, or an appetizer before going out on the weekend.
Part of Culinary dropout, 

The bar is right there....games to play. People arent rude and hog things they aren't playing (which is nice).


Come by with friends and leave your kids at home...seriously don't bring your kids...
I've done Culinary Dropout's Camelback location before, which I'd rate closer to a 4-star. The food is identical here, and executed exactly the same, so that's just fine.

I dug the charcuterie/cheese plate ala carte menu. Had some tasty cheeses that were served with a cherry paste sort of thing. 

The wait is long, but I give them credit for using a text message system that even lets you track how many parties are in front of you. The outside area is surprisingly cool, even in the depths of summer (at least around 9pm, when it was still 95 or so outside) thanks to powerful fans and good misting. 

The food is pretty good. I like the pretzel bread fondue and my go-to meal is the fried chicken, which is really juicy, though I wish they'd put a bit more into the mashed potatoes/gravy they have going on.

The Yard has live music pretty often, and on our visit, this was a pretty serious disadvantage. It wasn't just that it was loud. It was loud and pretty awful. Lots of different covers spanning all kinds of genres ensured that we'd hear some of our favorite hits from the 60s, 70s, and 90s butchered. Not pleasant, and we were excited when they went on break.

Our server was really nice and pretty well got everything right, and the food is definitely decent enough for a return visit... but to the regular Culinary Dropout, where I won't have to dodge a dodgey live band.
I was leery prior to going, as we saw some not-great reviews here on Yelp.  We were meeting friends with our 10-month-old in tow for dinner.  Luckily, we showed up early for dinner (5:30), and our friends already had a table (I'm not sure how long it took them to get it, since they showed up earlier than us).  We sat out on the patio in the July heat, but it was actually pretty pleasant with the misters and fans.  It was comfortably busy but not crowded at 5:30 on a Saturday, with kids playing games, and a good, casual crowd having fun.  Dinner was great--sweet corn cannelloni and burger hit the spot.  Drinks impressed--I had a drink with Maker's Mark, honey, basil, and red pepper simple syrup.  I liked it so much that we recreated it at home the next night.  It got really crowded and busy later on, and by the time we left at 8 PM, it was packed.  We skipped the valet by parking in the neighborhood.  We didn't play games due to our baby getting tired, but would have loved to stay and enjoy corn hole or ping pong.  We had a great time, but I suspect if we had showed up at 7 PM on Saturday and were starving, we would have been angry and hungry by the time we got seated and got our food.  Just be smart and show up at non-peak times, and you'll love this place.  Baby was super-cranky on the way there, but was happily distracted by the fans, lights, misters, and overall fun atmosphere.  To those who posted about being annoyed by kids running around: get over it.  It's great to have a place to bring kids, let them have fun, and let mom and dad enjoy good food and cocktails.  It's part of the charm of this place.  Obviously, it's less great to have kids around once it gets more ruckus, but I was happy to see families having fun together.
This place is what central phoenix doesn't need. Keep Fox restaurants in Scottsdale. I witnessed everything from old people sharing a beer to kids running around like maniacs, and don't get me started on the douche pistols in affliction shirts. Parking sucks. Food is subpar at best. Can't tell servers from patrons...one server came to us with her purse on. Don't need this and don't want this in such a cool mecca of independent restaurants and bars. Like I said before, take this place back to Scottsdale.
Food was comparable the camelback location. Ping pong tables and patio was great. However,  the camelback crew needs to come down and train the waiters on providing service.
I'm really torn on how to rate The Yard. I REALLY like the concept and while it has an unusual layout, it's nonetheless a fun place to come hangout to drink, perhaps grab a bite and then take in some live music while trying to play ping pong when you've got a good buzz going ("Hit the one in the middle, Rock!")

I came here for brunch and had a decent French Dip at Culinary Dropout. The dining experience was all just OK. 

So I think what I'm trying to say is Four Stars for concept, idea, atmosphere plus Two Stars for less than great food and service averages out to Three Stars.

Our main server was actually very friendly and enthusiastic but his colleagues in charge of bringing our drinks in a timely manner left a lot to be desired. I had a Prime Rib dip which was good but memories of Philippe in Downtown L.A. and even the French Dip at Chelsea's Kitchen ensured that the Prime Rib dip here did not measure up. As with most Fox Restaurants the dessert was out of the park so well done there.

I will definitely return to The Yard and would recommend it but it's with the understanding that you probably won't be blown away by the food and the service may not be completely up to par (hopefully once the business is more established the service will improve). This is one of those places where you'll take a hit on the food and service so you can enjoy a fun, unique atmosphere.
The concept is pretty cool, there is a large outdoor area with games with equipment that you can sign out although there doesn't seem to be an enforced time limit on how long you can keep things so when people decide to hoard equipment there's no telling how long you'll have to wait.  

The food was okay but pricey for what it was and the staff was pretty rude.  There was a sign that said the outdoor area is self serve so we assumed we would need to order from the bar, which was fine until we were rudely corrected by a server who had a small hissy fit when we didn't order through her.  She kept saying she would transfer the bar tab but never did.  The bartender, when asked what beers they had gave us back nothing but snark.  None of the staff wear any kind of uniform either so memorize their faces (or in our case last night, the waitress's boobs because they were literally hanging out of her shirt). 

The bathroom situation is a little odd, co-ed but has separate entrances.  The other silly thing is the parking, there is very little parking available in the area, they do offer complimentary valet (they call it a "green" service but there isn't really anything "green" about having a line of cars idling for no reason when the drivers could just park themselves and go inside).  

We went with a very large party, the hostess called ahead to try to make reservations and was told they don't accept reservations but when we got there almost every available seating area was reserved.  We found out later that they only take reservations for parties of 10 - no more, no less.  

I wouldn't suggest bringing kids, while the games are kid friendly, masses of drunken adults are not and the place is very crowded.    

I was really torn on how to rate this place, like I said, it's a great concept but the service is just so bad that I just don't think it is a place I would ever want to go back to.  It is good for people watching though.
This place has a cool concept - but they definitely could've used a lot of the wasted space on tables rather than ping pong tables, bike riding paths and just casual hang out couches.  Our wait was over 1 hour and 20 minutes.  The eating space is about a quarter of the size of the actual "Yard" space.  I had the meatloaf - it was pretty tasty, but my friend who ordered the same thing - hers was extremely dry.  Our other friend, ordered the fried chicken which he devoured and said he thoroughly enjoyed.  The live band that played inside the restaurant belonged outside in the yard area.  It was WAY too loud and to even talk to my friend next to me, I had to yell or go right up to her ear and talk.  That's annoying.  Our server was friendly and refilled our drinks regularly.  Overall, I probably wouldn't come back just because the food wasn't worth an hour wait.  But it seems like a really cool hang out place if you want to play in the "yard"
This restaurant Is fun and the food was delicious. You have to try the turkey pastrami sandwich it is amazing. I got mine with a side of their barbecue sauce and I just loved it.
Huh? What? Really???!!!

How is it possible that this outdoor area only has 3 stars? I'm outraged!!!

Wake up Yelpers! Can any of you point me to a better patio in Phoenix? 

I'm not reviewing the restaurants (which I do like), not the service, but the outdoor area, WHICH IS AWESOME. Ping pong, bags, tons of SHADED space to just sit and chill, and you can drink while doing it... What's not to love?

When I come, I just go into the bar and get my drinks from the bartender... Quick, easy, no problemo!

I'm thinking that the poor ratings must be from people that were born on some other planet where they must have Ferris wheels and tea cup rides in every back yard, so a patio like this is no big deal.

I strongly suggest you check it out. I also strongly suggest you leave your children at home, or supervise them closely. To me, its a "bar patio", for adults, not a place for kids to be running around. I've never had any problems with this, but can see that it could be an issue.
An old motorcycle shop converted into a restaurant and massive yard, is a great addition for the neighborhood.  Great food, drinks and a chance to be a kid again.  The Yard offers a space for customers to play bags or ping pong in an adult setting.  Whether you are here for dinner or drinks, Culinary Dropout does not disappoint.  This is a unique concept and this location tends to get crowded fast.  They offer free valet since parking on the streets are a no-no.  Brunch is a fantastic way to start the day. The Biscuits & Gravy or Egg Sandwich are great eats.  For the kid at heart, I recommend the Cap'n Crunch Crusted French Toast.  It's sinfully good!  Don't forget to add a Bacon Bloody Mary to your order.  

The Grilled Cheese Sliders with Sweet Potato fries are delicious.  I highly recommend the Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue as a starter.  This cheesy goodness will melt in your mouth.  

I hope that everyone gets a chance to stop in to The Yard. Patience will be needed since this is a popular place.
I went there on a Monday evening.  They were not too crowded, in fact this was the slowest I have seen the place.  I have already reviewed Culinary Dropout  and the food is the same for The Yard.  By the way, the seafood place, Little Cleo's was doing pretty well.  Anyway, I met my friends from Tyler, Texas and their 2 kids.  They were real happy to find a place that serves adult beverages and has stuff for the kids to do.  They were so slow that nobody else was using the ping pong tables.  I never even tried before to play because of the crowds.  I will admit that two times they were so crowded that I just ended up leaving, but that's not their fault.  I love their seating areas with the green couches.  It was not really too hot with the misters and they had a couple of industrial sized evap coolers to help out.

We only had the pretzel bread with the fondu which was as wonderful as ever.  I have to say I like the beer selection.  They were out of my Prohibition lager though but I tried the Goose Head Belgium style beer and it was very good.  Then I tried the Hefeweizen, from Oak Creek in Sedona, which was also very good.  One thing I don't get though.  They have this wonderful brown ale in Little Cleo's that they don't carry at the Yard!  I wanted to go in there to have my brown ale while I was waiting for my friends and was not allowed because the "guard" at the door said It was only for diners.  By the way, the bar area was open, which I pointed out, but the "guard corrected me, telling me that was not a bar area!  They turned me away even though there was not one person at the counter.  So I didn't get my brown ale:(  Anyway, this is about The Yard.  But, like I said, The Yard has plenty of good beers to be had.
A friend took me here for an early dinner a couple of months back, just to show me the place.  It has a super cool atmosphere that he thought I'd like... and a cheese and pretzel fondue appetizer.

Well, it was pretty freaking fun, though 'm not sure how it'd be in the summer heat as most of the seating is outdoors (with misters).  The cheese pretzel fondue, I would skip next time but there was a kale salad there that may have been the best salad I've ever had.  I can't remember the name but it had nuts and corn and such in it.  It was delicious.  I keep meaning to go back for the salad!

Enjoy their outdoor games... corn hole, ping pong, etc.  

Might see ya there!
This is a boring restaurant.  The food is average to poor and the decor has become standard restaurant bric a brac.  My salad was just ok and the lettuce lacked flavor.  My steak was simply a piece of meat.  It filled my stomach.  The green beans on the plate tasted plastic.  If you're a foodie, stay away.  If you like standard, produce it any where food then this is your place.
General thoughts and conversations throughout the night:
Where do we park?
How do we get in? I don't see any signs pointing to the entrance. Can we use this gate? Nope, that doesn't open. Why is the entrance only in the back?
Is this hostess going to help us find our party of 14? No? Ok, we'll just wander and find them.
Am I really still in central Phoenix? Did Scottsdale invade?
This is such a bad idea for the summer.
Where's our waitress?
This food is so not worth the price. Is there even fish under all this batter? Oh, there it is... I think.
Where's our waitress? Why is no one clearing this table? There's no more room to even set glasses.
Has anyone seen our waitress?
Could this bathroom be any more confusing for people? Is it unisex? Is it not? Decide!
That mystery alcohol grab thing was such a waste of money. Ew.
I'm tired of waiting an hour to play a game. Let's leave and never come back.
Loved the outdoor game set up! Went for brunch on a Sunday And enjoyed the vibe. Staff was on top of it! In love with the bacon Bloody Mary!!! Good job
Tasty burger in a cool atmosphere especially if you're in a large group. They have lots of comfortable patio furniture with plenty of flat screens. Also, if you're competitive, you can play cornhole, ping pong, or bocce. Either go during happy hour or bring your sugar mama/daddy cause 2 domestics and the burger set me back 25 buckaroos.
I just moved from Scottsdale to Denver, and had my going away shin dig here. I have been waiting a long time to find a place like this, and I have to say I'm a little bit surprised it was FRC that did it. 

If you like getting drunk and playing games simultaneously then this is your place. There are five ping pong tables. Probably 8 games of bags or cornhole going, at least on shuffle board and live music. All of this is under an open air pavilion with misters going. 

While it is the perfect idea, logistically, it's not quite perfect yet. Either people bring their own ping pong paddles or they have too many sets because on several occasions I have gotten lucky enough to get paddles from the hostess (which isn't easy when its busy) and then all the tables were filled. I have never gotten bags as they have always been checked out. 

Also, they don't have rumpy or jaeger because they are a "mixology bar"... whatever they are fun to take shots of.
Was there last Wed 3ish liked the valet parking but when we got to the hostess she said she will text us when table is ready,"around 20 minutes" so I grabbed a beer at the bar, took a long time to get their attention. Ordered a martini for my wife and the bartender made it terribly! I played a game of ping- pong...cool! Then didn't get the text our table was ready, (my fault) 5 minutes late on getting to the hostess. She said we now have to wait 20 more minutes for a table. She argued with me for a minute or 2 until wifey got pissed then we left. I would love to have tried the food there but bad service ruined it for us! They have a great patio area though!
Meh. I ought to give the only a single star, but I can't - I'm probably biased because I like the Scottsdale location so much (which says a lot, because I tend to stay in Central Phoenix). You know... I love Sam Fox, and I'm a fan of the menu of Culinary Dropout. When I learned his newest venture was arriving in my neighborhood and was going to include an AWESOME yard with cleverly fashioned lawn and table games...  AND include the live music element, I was 1000% down with getting at the front of the line of patrons. The menu and beer variety is, as expected, fantastic! I love that they have Moose Drool; usually canned, but sometimes on tap. Their mussels are a particular favorite of mine, and the meatloaf is positively perfect when in the mood for comfort. Their live music performances are great and the general soundtrack is good enough to inspire an unconscious shimmy in your seat. There's so much I love about elements of The Yard that I want to love The Yard. The Yard is kind of like that one guy I dated way back when who left me disappointed and wanting more from him but he never cared back enough to act like he cared. And, like way back when, I keep coming back to The Yard, and find myself increasingly disappointed and frustrated by a service element that doesn't seem to care enough to act like they care. The servers are so hit or miss. I can get a friendly one who can't expedite an order in an appropriate time element or servers who, despite being begged (with a pre-tip) to not forget us, abandon our tables and ignore near-desperate attempts to capture their attention. I'm getting tired of talking to shift managers and receiving what are looking to be empty regrets for our service experiences because the too-cool-to-care demeanor and too-busy-to-pay-attention aloofness of the servers and hosts is wearing me thin. I love My CenPho neighborhood because the eclectic, fun, quirky food personalities are so cool they care. What I perceive to be my biggest complaint about this place is it comes down to I just don't feel welcomed or appreciated at The Yard. I think I need to, in my mind, break up... Because apparently, to The Yard, we were never a thing. ***I will say, like the unattainable, too-cool-for-me guy, there is something redemptive: the bartenders are social, efficient, and cool. AND Mekaela (I'm sure I spelled her name wrong) is a server who is as sweet as she is petite and cute, and she will aim to give you a happy, lively, and attentive service experience. So, this is this my attempt toward an effective "golden sandwich" review. Positive truth -truth - positive truth. ... ... ... I should add, I'm writing this review as I wait at the bar for another table. I just WANT to love The Yard.... Okay, after a brief pause writing this to start that dinner with friends....  our dinner finished, and I figured out, like that too-cool guy, one we pay out, we aren't likely to see a server again.

IMHO... unless they figure out the service element and Fox Restaurant Concepts learns from the feedback of their customers, Mr. Fox may want to consider staying in Scottsdale and letting Upward Projects, Mule & the Delaney Bros, and Jeff Fischer have Central Phoenix....
Mind you, I tried this place 3x's before giving this review. I really wanted to like it, but each time was just as bad, if not worse. I was excited when this place opened. I thought what a great concept. 

First visit: Sat in the patio area, but never received service. Finally, after about 20 minutes we went to the bar to get our drinks. As we sat back down a server finally asked for our drink order. We thought we better order now because who knows when we'll get another chance to order. She never returned with our drinks. After some time, we had another server come by and ask for our order. We informed her we already ordered drinks, but never received them. She stated she would check to see what was going on. Never heard back from her either. Then a third server came by to take our order. We informed him we already ordered twice, but never received our drinks. He apologized and stated the reason we hadn't received our drinks is because our server had an emergency and had to leave, but he could take our order. We were looking at the server who originally took our order helping other customers! Yes, the one he just stated left due to an emergency. We had been very patient, so didn't understand the reason for the lie? We had a confused look on our face and said, but that's her. He looked embarrassed perhaps because he was caught in a lie. Anyhow, moving forward...

Second visit: Again, we sat in the patio area. This time we sat next to two couples. At this point, no need for a long story basically the same; no service. When we did get a chance to order a bottle of wine, we waited a long time for it. A different person finally brought the bottle out and asked the other two couples if they had ordered the bottle, each said no. So I got excited thinking he is going to ask us next! He just walked right passed without asking us. Seriously, did that just happen???
Third visit: Read reviews above. No different. 

This place is so unorganized and the staff seem confused. We thought we would give this place a chance to redeem themselves each time. From the immature hostesses with attitude to the confused servers made each experience horrible. The drinks are weak and pricey. I will gladly pay for good drinks and tip well for good service. This place is a disappointment.
Quick review time at work!  Just Wow, absolutely amazing.  I've been coming here on Sundays for the last two months, and I've always had a great time, but today went to an even greater level.  Great adult hangout place, 4 hours of ping ping I played today and there was no pressure to leave or buy anything.  GM Jason came and checked in on us and was gracious, friendly, and would be a credit to any restaurant.  Had the Rainbow Trout at Culinary Dropout attached restaurant, beautifully cooked flaky with green beans/almondine sauce, one of my fav seafood dishes to order in AZ.
This is the type of place we need more of! I've been no less than 5 or 6 times (Sunday afternoon with friends, Dad's bday dinner, my birthday, etc) I love that there's something for everyone and the have a great mix of people. I love that they have Vinyl Station playing on Saturdays just beware that the 8pm show is usually very busy. 

The pros: The pretzel fondue is a must. The outdoor space is great and there's fun backyard style games if you like that sort of thing. The food is overall very good and I've tried most of the items on the menu. I've had both good and bad service but the past few times I've been the service has been good. The atmosphere is fun and the outdoor space is my great. They have a rotating beer list.

The cons: Sometimes they have a long wait but they usually over quote. Parking can be a pain when valet is full. They don't accept reservations for groups unless your 8+ and they usually are fully committed if you call the day of. I had an issue with the hostess but our server and manager did a great job to resolve the situation when we were there 7/19.

Overall I would recommend this place to everyone just be aware that this place is popular and it's busy. Try to go on the off hours if you want to avoid the crowds. Great job Fox Restaurants!
We went there for my birthday....can't believe the bouncers at this place.   they kicked us out because my friend gave the ping pong ball to another group of people and was unable to get his license back.  During the argument George the bouncer ripped beers out of my hand and told me that "it was his job to be aggressive".  They really need to get over themselves.  The food was ok....certainly not worth the money charged and the lines were terrible.   This experience has soured me on this place, and all Sam Fox restaurants.  Unbelievable evening.....
The Yard looks amazing, the concept is cool... and that's about it. 

Sadly, after three visits, I've decided to take this spot out of the rotation. BUT WHY, you ask? How could I, with all the cornhole and ping pong and beer and whatnot?! Welp, I'll tell you:

The service is complete crap. 

Every. Time. We wait forever, get attitude from the staff, and have even experienced dirty glasses and cold food. Once, I ordered a "red Stella" (this is a simple concoction of Stella Artois and bloody mary mix.) I order it all over town and get it served up perfectly. Not only did they not know what it was here, they refused to mix it, insisting I get a shot of bloody mary mix on the side. It wouldn't mix up properly like that and my beer was warm. I complained and the server rolled her eyes at me. 

My friend got a dirty greasy glass with her Jameson and soda. 

Our overpriced fries and burgers were ice cold, IN THE SUMMER IN PHOENIX. This is no easy task, my friends. 

Finally, we waited over an hour to play cornhole. When a spot finally opened up, the dude playing before me just handed me his bean bags. I had no idea I had to actually rent them. I got yelled at by a bouncer who snatched up all the game equipment and insisted I go provide my drivers license to reserve them. I had no problem doing so, but by the time I had finished waiting to speak to someone at the register, they said the spot had already been reserved by someone else and I'd have to wait for another one to open up. 

Thanks, but no thanks. Three strikes and you're out.
This is the 2nd time we've been here... The yard is a Sam Fox enterprise consisting of Culinary Dropout and Cleo's...we have been to the Scottsdale location but much prefer the Phoenix one due to atmosphere and attitude of the servers. 
Again we had a very good experience and after eating spent the afternoon playing ping pong at the tables.. No charge, just a drivers license.
The pretzel fondue is yummy and really anything on their menu would probably be good. Sam Fox does not disappoint!
What a great addition to the neighboorhood!  A great covered patio with games, live music, great food and a central location.

I had the opportunity to visit the Yard twice in the same day.  And the experiences were night and day.  Come to think of it, those are the 2 times I was there...once for lunch and then later to meet up with friends for drinks and music.

The lunch scene was not idea.  Service was a little spotty - we did have to ask for things a couple of times.  But also the noise level was completely unbearable.  When my mom complained about it on her visit, I thought that was just her age talking (imagine a cranky lady shaking her fist at the kiddos - "turn that loud mess off").  

With the busy street on one side and live band that answered back with a higher volume, sound waves bounced chaotically off every inche of the patio - the place is nothing but hard surfaces.  I was literally screaming at my lunch companion as well as the waitress.  I was also in a volume battle with the noisy kids seated just a foot away from us.  Oh yes, there are children there too.

As I left, with a sore throat and ringing in my ears, I decided this was not a place to return.  However, when friends picked the yard later that night, I realized that wouldn't last.

And it was still loud.  But that seems more acceptable when it is after 10pm...however, I was struggling to continue to yell at my companions and listen carefully with my ear in their face to hear them.

So that was my major take away from my 6 hours at the Yard.  Loud.  In fact, I can still hear it ringing in my ears.
After reading a lot of negative or moderate reviews, I went to the Yard prepared for a loud, crowded place with horrible service and average food. We got there at 6:00 on a Friday, which is the beginning of their dinner rush. We used their free valet parking (which we appreciated and thought was a classy move) and were seated immediately. We chose to sit indoors because there was no wait (outdoors was a half hour wait) and found the atmosphere to be fun, casual, and really "hip". We admired the decor, the high wood beams, and the industrial steel framing that decorated the place and would definitely give it 5 stars on decor and general vibe.
We expected the service to be not that great after reading so many reviews but the waitress was SO nice and helpful. She refilled drinks promptly, smiled a lot, and checked on us often, for me that's all that matters.
The food that we ordered was well worth it. The pretzel and cheese dip was pretty good, I probably wouldn't get it again based on the price ($10) but the French dip was to DIE for. We also ordered fish and chips which was also delicious and overall had nothing to complain about as far as the food goes. Maybe it's a bit pricey so you definitely pay for the ambiance of the place but we didn't mind.
My one and only complaint was that about 10 flies followed our food order so we were swatting them away the whole time. I've only been there once so maybe it was a fluke but that's the only thing that wasn't great about it. Trust me when I say the Yard is not nearly as crazy or loud or the service as bad as some reviewers seemed to think. Give it a shot and decide for yourself.
Overall we're definitely looking forward to going back. The food and ambiance is a much needed change from your typical chain restaurant and we absolutely loved our visit there. Afterwards we stayed and chatted a few minutes in the comfortable bench seating and just enjoyed the people watching. We didn't have time for ping pong or anything outside but it's definitely something we'll hit up next time.
GREAT bacon bloody mary and breakfast egg sammie! Yum!
I love the vibe of the outside. It's a great place to bring the family or go out with your friends. They have a wide variety of drinks and TV's so you can watch sports while you eat, drink, and play. It's also fun when they have a live band. I would not suggest eating inside. It is pretty loud and hard to hear people. The food is stratifying. Their pretzels and cheese fondue are a must have!!
This is a fun and unique place.  Amazing atmosphere, really unbeatable. There's nowhere more fun to hang out than on those soft green couches while you're waiting for your turn at corn hole.  Somehow the crowd usually seems to be over-dressed thirty-somethings, however, usually who have reserved a lot of those pleasant spots on weekend nights, so the crowded-ness can put a damper on it sometimes.  Nothing that can't usually be solved by some excellent live cover bands and a bowl of hot soft pretzels.
Fun place to play some outdoor games, and drink. 
Great atmospher, nice decor.

The only downside, yard needs more game tables, maybe darts and a few other choices, as when its busy its hard to get a place to play.
Never again...went for a friends birthday and didn't realize how dressed up we needed to be! The drinks are extremely overpriced and if I wanted to go to Scottsdale i would. Definitely not the usual central Phoenix crowd. I liked that they had games but had no chance to play on a Saturday night. I can maybe see myself going back during a weekday, but probably not. There were also a lot of drunk guys constantly bumping in to people and dropping glasses.
I remember when this place was Flint British Motors. Forget the Kawasaki/Ducati days: That's newbie stuff. I remember looking at Spitfires and MG's under that enormous awning. Remember them? Stopped selling them in the early 80's.

Anyway, the food's as good as one might expect from Sam Fox. The service isn't the fastest, but keep in mind the utter enormous size of the place. On a Monday night our server (who looked like a model, in keeping with the Sam Fox MO) had to tend to a sparse crowd spread across something close to a city block. The server kept her cheery demeanor despite looking forward to running the equivalent of a 5K on her shift under the nicely-cooled awning.

When the food arrived it was delicious. No complaints from anyone in our party. Try the fried chicken. It was not only the special, but it was actually special.

Yes, they have games. I guess they're fun. I lack hand-eye coordination so I limit my fun activities to motorcycles and guns. But have at it!

Parking is valet-assisted. When it gets busy you're going to want to use it. Parking in front of Planned Parenthood and running across 7th Street is a bit unseemly.
Great open concept layout. excellent eating areas. The only problem I ran into was that it took about 15 minutes to get a drink at the bar. Hopefully this was just a one time occurance.
Yet another one of Sam Fox's great restaurants.  I would have gave a fourth star but I do not think the staff is equipped enough to handle the large crowds.  Since this place has an indoor relaxing vibe and the outdoor is a hangout athletic patio, there is alot going on and to handle with one kitchen.  I have been here multiple times now and not once was the server on top of their game.  

Food is great here, always high expectations from any of his restaurants.  This is a great spot to hang out with friends after work and it is my new favorite place for dinner, drinks and outdoor games!  They have a great variety with shuffle board, ping pong and some others.  It is hard to come and play outdoors in the peak of the heat so wait until it cools down.  

I love the grilled artichokes here, I am sucker every time.  Great salads too.  I plan to try some other entrees the next time I come and enjoy!
We would definitely come back and I was lobbying to go back sooner than later since we had such a great time out with our friends (who are also family). Great food, great drink, and a great time! 

PARKING:

It is Valet parking only or you need to park across the street. When you come in, they ask for your cell phone number and txt you when your table is ready. they also immediately send you a link to see your position in line on a web page. It was really cool.

WAIT TIME:

On a Saturday night the wait was about 45 min for the six of us. We went out the the giant patio area and walked right up to an empty table. I think they are hard to come by, but we lucked out.  We had a drink or two before being seated. 

BAR:

There are games, such as ping pong, corn-hole and shuffleboard, but we did not play any. they all looked busy and we were fine just talking.  

There is a small bar behind the games, but they only have 3 beers on tap and a few in cans, so we went to the main bar to get more choices...and they do have a TON of choices. you can also get a Brown Bag Special, which is basically they give you a beer like Hamms or Bush in a paper bag. Kind of funny, but I prefer Kilt Lifter, which they have along with a lot of other great beers. A really great thing about this place is the patio area is so big, you can get a drink and don't have to be standing shoulder to shoulder with other people like seems to be the norm at other trendy restaurants. 

The crowd ranges from teens to 50+, but certainly most are in the 20's and 30's.  Us, being in our 40's still fit in.  I suppose it would be ok to bring younger children, but there were none there. ...actually, I did see a woman walking a baby around. We also ran into a friend's teenage children, but I do not recall any other. 

RESTAURANT:

The restaurant was very nice. They had a live band that sounded great and was not too loud. We all tried each others food and we like it all. We were really impressed at how great the food was. 

FOOD:

The Pretzel fondue was to die for. A MUST have! 
The meatloaf was better than my mom's!  (Sorry mom.)
My wife and I shared the Pastrami Turkey (Turkey with seasonings on the outside like beef pastrami) with coleslaw on a pretzel bun. I would definitely get that again. REALLY good.
The mussels were just "OK". Not great, but not bad. The bread that came with them was really good.
Had the fish and chips. Fish was tasteless and overcooked (dark brown). I did like the outside area and the fact that they had games (bean bag toss I think?).
The concept is great and it's a nice place.  It could be fantastic with a few changes.  I will not go back unless those happen.  We met friends (about 12) on a Friday night.  They had been there for about an hour so they had drinks, etc.  we sat down and chatted and 15 minutes later still no waitress. I caught a waiter and asked him very nicely what the process was to get a drink (I wasn't sure because its kinda a different atmosphere).  He said sarcastically "you wait patiently and hope to catch your waiters eye).  Huh? Another 5 minutes passes - No waiter.  My husband and I walked to the bar and ordered a couple drinks and went back to our table.  About 10 minutes later the waitress shows up and tells us that we could be kicked out for not ordering from her....huh??  We had a light dinner and one more drink and left our table.  During dinner our friend cleared our table of dirty glasses/dishes so that we would have room for the dinner plates. The corn hole was fun and the place could be great.  One bar and a few wait staff is not enough for this huge place.  Why not have beer stations for those that just want a beer?  The bouncer was rude to my friend that asked a simple question, telling her "I don't know lady, I just kick people out".  I felt like I was back in college.. only without the cheap, easy to get drinks.  I'm confused as to why the staff was so rude.  It didn't appear to be a rough and difficult crowd.  I really don't blame the wait staff.  They are young kids that are just learning.  They need better leadership guidance, and training.
Great place to spend a Sunday afternoon playing ping pong, shuffleboard, or cornhole and drinking beer. Cold beer , shade and misters make it comfortable all day. Good food too!
Fun!!!  Came here with a work group and we definately enjoyed the games that were available.  The drinks were pricey but very well made.  Our waitress was helpful, fast and completely adorable!  The only suggestion I have is that if customers move over to pay games, you have your servers move over and take care of them regardless of their location.
Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel roll! The beer selection is ok, the mixed drinks are better. The only problem with the place is that it can fit many more people than they can serve. ideal for drinking and playing games with your friends. arrive in a cab. Have fun and drink responsibly.
I've been to The Yard three times now and I was a little surprised by the low Yelp rating when I looked it up. While I've had a good experience each time I've come, I can understand how it could really go either way on any given night. 

Yes ,it's busy and the valet parking is everywhere in this area, but we've always gotten taken care of immediately. Check in has always been great and the texting when your table is ready is soooo much better than those vibrating disks. I'm a huge ping pong player and while other's have had a bad experience getting paddles, we've always lucked out. The first time we lucked into getting paddles by walking up to the first table and they were done. The last time, it was slow enough on a Friday night (which was a bit weird given my past two experiences where it was really crowed) that we didn't have anyone else playing and we were able to get them right away from the hostess. We have never scored the bags but at the same time, I'd much rather play ping pong so that is okay with me. 

The food is pretty good and while I do think the pretzel bites are good, they aren't the best ever. Good but not something I would crave. I've gotten a few different things and I do like the chicken salad, though last time, it did seem a bit off. Other people in my parties have ordered the meatloaf and the chicken and seemed to like it.

Our servers have always been prompt but I can't recall any of them being overly friendly and service does seem slow. I don't think it helps that this place is HUGE. They probably get in several miles of walking every night. I do remember one time that they couldn't make our group some speciality shot a friend requested. Can't remember what exactly what it was but I did think it was weird. It seems more of a speciality bar that only stocks certain things. Last trip we ordered the Kona beer and it was served in a can. While I'm all for keeping up with the atmosphere and playing into the 'yard' theme, canned beer isn't really my thing. Can't recall if she offered us cold glasses or not. 

What I do love about this place is that it can be a whole evening. Entertainment, pretty good food and really good people watching.  Last visit, there was a good band right out in the center and I enjoyed listening to them. Too often you go out to dinner and then don't have much to do afterwards so its nice having an option for one stop shopping on date night. Overall, I like this place and love the atmosphere.
A friend decided to have her birthday shindig here and I have to say it was a great choice.  We had a party of 20 something including kids, so the space alone was nice to have. Everyone stayed entertained whether it was sitting in the comfy chairs/couches chatting away or playing a little cornhole and ping pong. We were there at least 5 hrs and I wouldn't have minded staying longer if I had the time.  Our server Britney was amazing! She was on top of it the entire time and super friendly.  Our entire group kept saying how great the service was. Not just Britney, but everyone helping her deliver everything we ordered. Will  definitely be back and will recommend to everyone! Thank s for a great experience!!
I enjoy this place simply for the bustling atmosphere. The vibe is usually a positive one and I admit I always have a pretty decent time here. However, I went recently after the second portion of the restaurant opened and it was a clusterfuck. I don't think anyone who works there anticipated the size of the crowd with 2 restaurants operating. Everything was extremely slow, people seemed cranky, the food was not very staggered and took ages to arrive and the wait was 2 HOURS to even be seated. It was painfully obvious they weren't prepared for that amount of people.

After spending something like 3 hours waiting and finally eating, we ventured over to the game area. This was pointless. Way too many people were playing and being extremely selfish. Rather than playing a few games of cornhole and relinquishing the bags to someone who was waiting, people would play like 14 games. Dude, seriously. Don't be a dick. There needs to be a rule that says that: "Play and have fun! But don't be a selfish dick." Eventually, around 30 minutes before closing, we got to play ping pong. Hurray? And that brings me to another point - why are you closing at midnight? I understand having the kitchen close at that time, that's not unusual. But the entire bar? It's bizarre. 

Luckily the crowd I was with is a blast and kept each other occupied while we stood waiting our turn to play one of the games. We ventured over to Pomeroy's afterwards. That place is probably thanking its lucky stars The Yard opened.

Bottom line is: If you go here on the weekend ANY time of the day, it's a long wait and so crowded it's almost not enjoyable. It was better before the second spot opened. I dunno if I'll go back, there's a lot of options in this area where I don't need to spend 5 hours waiting and eating. Little Woody's is a much better option for games and Vovomeena kills it for breakfast. And I can actually park.
Well they don't have enough parking, but I immediately let that go walking into the place because it is an awesome set up. 

The problem I have is with the service, and I don't even blame the severs. I blame whoever came up with their stupid policies. We tried to hang on the side that has all the games, but we wanted to eat something. And their policy is that if you order food you have to stand at the bar until the order comes out. So we had to give up the table we were at to wait at the bar. I asked if she knew how long it would be. "I have no idea, there is no way to tell"? So forty minutes later after we asked twice, the food comes out.  We got to eat standing since we were forced to give up the table. Why? 

I can think of so many solutions to this dumb, dumb policy. Why not have a runner bring the food out? Why not text me when the food is ready? Why do I have to wait at the bar when you took my card already? Why not get one of those pagers and let it buzz when the food is ready? 

Anyway, I'll definitely take this post down, and return, if a manager at the yard realizes how ridiculous this policy is and does something about it.
I have been there  a couple times. It's a great place ruined by over priced drinks and food. That and there is limited parking. Their happy hour is a joke, limited to a small section of the restaurant. Service was ok. Overall value is poor.
FINALLY got to actually go inside this place!! Would always drive by and see the lights and the crowd and hear the music and just think, I need to get in there. Just came back from it and honestly, you aren't missing much. We were quick to be seated, but the music is so loud, you have to yell in the other persons ear, even if they are sitting RIGHT next to you for them to hear you-not a great place for a date. The food, meh, wasn't that great really. Parking, yes was terrible but i was determined to get in. Thought it'd be worth it and sadly was wrong. The food is average, and there is very little on the actual menu. Like, almost nothing? I even asked for the second menu because it's that small! haha wasn't great. Create a dream of how you'd like this place to be, and hold onto that rather than going inside, you will only be disappointed.
Unique concept!  I really like it by the layout is a little confusing.  PIng pong tables, picnic tables, reserved areas, bar area, free for all areas, and just a cluster.  

You must valet or good luck and find a place to park within a 1 mile of this place.  We got our names on the list for a 45 min wait.  Straight to the bar!  Hardly a spot to get to the bar to order.  One of us got to the bar and ordered for everyone.  Grab our drinks and found a free for all area to crash.  Ordered the soft pretzels & provolone fondue app.  SO SO SO SO GOOD.  It was very loud too.  Almost felt like I needed to text my friends to communicate with them.  

Finally got in for the table.  It was right next the kitchen.  Awesome!  But within 10 mins of sitting at the table the live band started to play.  They were good but SO LOUD.  Impossible to carry a conversation at all.  I ordered the fried chicken (3 pieces of perfectly fried chicken with honey lightly drizzled on top, a freaking awesome biscuit, and a tiny scope of mash potatoes.  But the servers were great!

Boiled down to:  FOOD 5 stars; concept 5 star; & 1 stars for enjoying the company of your fellow eaters.  Felt like I ordered food and was like eating by myself at a concert.  WHAT?  HOW IS YOUR FOOD?  WHAT?  Our conversions!
I just left this place. It is a neat idea in concept- play area with booze and food, but omg, what a clusterfun. You really would need someone to go with you to explain how things work. This not my idea of relaxing. 

The appetizers I had were actually pretty tasty- the pretzel bread was nice. However, I got super grossed out by the hair that was in my margarita. That coupled with the whole, not having a server thing, really kills the idea of ever going back to this "restaurant".
Fun place. Good bar food. My server was great. There was live music. Will go back for sure.
The valet farted in my car.

I wish I was joking.
This place can be fun if there's not a huge crowd hogging all the sitting areas and equipment. Good luck on a Friday or Saturday...I came back on a Sunday night and the place was wide open. Happy hour beer mugs sound good at $3, but it's not on all draft selections and the "mugs" are pretty small.
Its like an old all american backyard gathering...if you want to sit and eat, you must do so at the Arrogant Butcher = the main house in this metaphor. Pretty cute though, love the concept.
One of my absolute favorite spots, located in a great part of phoenix, the yard/culinary dropout was once a Indian motorcycle dealership and a motorcycle mechanic shop is a local landmark in my eyes. From a 1.95 paper bag special to ma..meatloaf!?! This place has it all and the place to get away from the usual Applebee's and chilis. Plus free valet, come on and get off your butt and try the yard/culinary dropout. The Moscow mules are amazing, just make sure it's given to you in the copper mugs. The pretzel balls are a must purchase anytime you visit, and what more could I say, this place just has it all and should be on a must visit list for all who come to Phoenix.
(Lyrics - Kelis - Milkshake)

Fox Concept brings all of us to The Yard,
And they're like
It's tastier than before,
Damn right it's tastier than before,
You can dine here, 
But they have to charge

Fox Concept brings all of us to The Yard,
And they're like
It's tastier than before,
Damn right it's tastier than before,
You can dine here, 
But they have to charge

I know you want it, 
The thing that makes you hungry, 
What all of us go crazy for.
They lose their minds, 
The way we dine,
I think its time

La la-la la la,
Warm it up.
Lala-lalala,
We're all waiting

The Yard is an interesting place.  Two different dining experiences; one from what I gather a seafood/oyster restaurant and the other is the Culinary Dropout.  Culinary Dropout I would describe is modern American cuisine.  Great small bites to share so we ordered the pretzel with cheese, bacon with grilled cheese and the mussels.  

The pretzels were soft and doughy while the creamy cheese helped with the chewing process, if you know what I mean.  The bacon and grilled cheese sandwich really worked well together.  That's gonna be my new thing grilled cheese and bacon; why didn't I think of this!  Finally, the mussels with the broth, which I still can't figure what it is...yummy!  Overall my favorite of the night and definitely a recommendation.  

Drinks are pretty pricey, and the games around "the yard" are pretty cool.  Ping pong tables, foosball, and corn hole games spread across the place.  It reminds me of an East coast roof top bar feel with the couches and the live band rocking away.  It can get real loud here, but if you can't handle the noise keep your butt at home and enjoy a glass of wine.  In the end, this is the closet thing to a night life in Central area of Phoenix. - Enjoy!
Website is deceptive. Happy hour only at the bar. Waitress over charged us after she brought us extra chips and then charged us $2 for them.
The only downfall? It's too darn popular! Seriously, there's a part of me that wishes nobody knew about this place so I could have all the games and fun to myself. Sadly (but luckily for them), this is not the case. The Yard is like the most popular kid in school: always surrounded and nearly impossible to steal away. The entire outdoor area is filled with every game imaginable, horseshoes, cornhole, ping pong... you name it they've got it. The inside is a booming Culinary Dropout with the delicious drinks and live music that they are so well known for. 

Pros: 

- Great atmosphere
- Fun games 
- Live music 
- Housemade cocktails and local brews 
- Brown bag beers 
- Yummy food 

Cons 

- Parking. Valet fills up and if they can't accommodate you, you will need to park in one of the neighboring parking lots, but pay attention because they will ticket you if you park in a no parking zone. 

- It's incredibly crowded and nearly impossible to actually get play any of the games without a long wait.
Oh my gosh, what a great hang-out spot in central Phoenix. We were there on a Thursday evening and the ambience is yuppie cool. Lovely lights strung throughout a place that feels like someone's huge backyard. Good food provided by three local establishments that we adore. The service was excellent and friendly. Loved playing Ping-Pong and bean bag toss. We'll be back to hang out for some more of your extraordinary tasting cocktails and good food.
Love the pretzels and fondue...love the atmosphere and drinks!


Service is awful. 6 bartenders and sitting at the bar, had to beg for another glass of wine and literally yell to get someone's attention to get our check, seriously? We at AT the bartop.
The atmosphere is really cool and I love the concept but there are a few things that will probably keep me from coming back here. They are as follows:

1) We had a fairly large group of people occupying an area in between two of the large couch areas (at one of the fire pits) but could not get a server to serve us. We assumed it was because we weren't actually sitting in any of the couches. That's pretty lame.

2) Since we had no server, we were required to go to the bar for drinks. This was quite the task considering the bartenders would not serve you unless you were sitting IN a bar chair/stool. I'm not new to the bar scene so I know for a fact that almost all bars will serve the annoying hoard of people hovering behind those seated at the bar. (Also, I'm not ugly....so I know it wasn't because of that).

3) They apparently HERD you into a line at the bar between two ropes where you have to either order beer or one of their weird concocted drinks. I felt like livestock.

4) The food is eh. 

5) Parking sucks. Just like every other "Complimentary Valet" having restaurant in the area. 

I'll give it another whirl but if the valet farts in my car like they did to some other Yelper I might just avoid The Yard altogether.
I love the concept of this place, food drink and free games. There's value there because you can spend A lot playing games at places like Dave n Busters.

Let's get to the food, I had the trout. It was topped with green beans almonds and onions, what a nice combination of flavors. The fish was cooked just right, it was moist and I enjoyed every bite. 

Another memorable thing from my dinner here is they have these mystery brown paper bag beers for $1.50. You never know what beer you will get (icehouse was one of them) but this is a great deal! And it's kinda cool drinking a beer out of a paper bag in a restaurant.
I was visiting friends in the PHX area and they suggested having dinner/drinks at The Yard - it was also their first time attending. 

First off, the valet parking is great - granted, we went on a Monday night, so not all that busy (I know some complained that the lot filled up - I would imagine that would be the case on weekends). 

We sat outside, which on most Arizona evenings is a must - it was extremely comfortable and open, and there is a roof that will protect you from any 'weather' - though in my brief stay there wasn't so much a cloud. Must be nice! 

Our waitress was quirky - but this is a quirky'ish restaurant - and was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. We all got a different selection of beers - I had the Moose Drool, which is (I believe...) a Montana brewed beer, and one that I had been recommended by others - after I saw this, I sort of lost focus on the rest of the draught selection, but I think there was a good rotation of local and seasonal brews.

We split the pretzels w/ fondue as an appetizer (~12 bite sized pretzel cubes) - there was nothing incredible about them, but they were a fine compliment to our beers. I followed that up with a butternut squash cannelloni (although, I'm not Italian, but I don't think this was cannelloni - more like ravioli) that was really tasty, and surprising how flavorful and well done considering that The Yard comes across as being more pub food-centric. The other folks got the pub-food: a burger and grilled cheeses w/ bacon - everyone seemed pleased.

The Yard gets an extra star for the free entertainment. Again, I would imagine that the whole situation would be MUCH different on the weekend, but on a Monday night it was easy to play a game of cornhole with beer in hand (they also have table shuffleboard and ping pong) and not have to wait or feel cramped. It's a great place to go with friends to catch up and have a good time, and I was really appreciative of the fact that we weren't forced to close-out our tab with the waitress even after getting up after the meal to play the games - she came over and let us continue adding to our check.

I would definitely re-visit next time I'm in the area.
Mediocre food with amazingly inadequate portions. Poor service (can someone hire actual servers and not these hipsters who can't be bothered to serve anyone?) My boyfriend ordered a dish with brussell sprouts. What he got was four brussell sprout leaves. Pathetic. I don't understand how this place is always so crowded.
This is a place to grab drinks with your buddies and have fun playing games! THAT'S IT. I was not impressed by the food at all, too expensive for the quality. Not to mention, my table wasn't clean and my water cup was dirty, stuff you don't pay attention when you're drunk!
Was here for a friend's birthday party and have a nice time.  Service was very good, so were the drinks.  Didn't have a chance to eat, so I can't rate the food.  Something odd though - when I went to the valet to get my car... 2 Phoenix cops were sitting in their Tahoe watching everyone that came out.  I felt very uncomfortable.  I was by no means drunk and was perfectly fine to drive... but having them outside... just waiting for someone to sneeze or cough or perhaps trip on a curb... was weird.  I didn't like that I was made to feel like I was doing something wrong when I had done nothing wrong.  Just sayin'.
Ever miss playing with your friends at recess? Well, you can again at The Yard!

I was quite impressed with this venue on Saturday night, I must say. First of all, LOVE that Yard is "ridin shotgun" with one of my faves, Culinary Dropout. This place is pretty genius in my eyes, bc they have so many activities going on such as Ping-Pong and bean bag toss but still has the "lounge" vibe w/their couches off to the side. Yes, there were pretty ppl here but I never sensed any lame snobby-ness. 

HINT: Parking is sort of a bitch. Park across the street by Basha's, but beware that the entrance is in the back.
Most of the reviews on here are either love-it or hated-it and I suspect that it mostly has to do with how crowded it was when they were there. I was lucky and came here for a work event in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday. So, no parking issues and there was plenty of space to lounge and no wait for games. I can see how it would get a little crazy if there was a ton of people there but really since it is outdoors with plenty of seating and drink-resting tables I think no matter how full of people The Yard gets it is still way better than most bars that try to cram some games into a small space or someplace like Dave and Busters that has them indoors so it gets crazy loud and super annoying. I definitely would not come here for a date night or if I wanted a quiet dinner with an old friend but for a large group that wants to hang out for a while and drink without getting bored, this is a great place. I didn't try any of their many specialty cocktails but most people were raving about them. They had a decent and reasonably priced selection of craft beer and wine. Also, a fair amount of Mexican beer, too. That, plus their pretzel fondue = four stars in my book!
I love this place as well. For some reasons my boyfriend and I have fell in love with places in central phx/arcadia area as far as dining out.  We love this place for a number of reasons one being most of the food, secondly because of the manager who always takes care of us in which we forgot his name, and also for the oyster shooters that next door made for us different than most other places.  I love the pretzel bites when the cheese isn't cold or the bread, the fried chicken is amazing and everything else we have tried was just decent. But we still have yet to try more on the menu so until then i'm still giving them 5 stars.
My friends birthday party is why i ventured out to the yard. From the time i drove up i was not impressed. They have free Valet but it was filled up and so were all the places they told me to park. Not to mention all the police who were parked around this place waiting to give you a $70 parking ticket for parking on the street! I ended up parking across the street in a closed dark auto parts place. Then having to cross 7th st in what i called a suicide race to the other side- not great.
      
Once we got across the street we had to figure out where to enter - entrance is in the back - by valet. We went straight to the bar to meet my friends. It was very packed and i did get service rather quickly - i got the pinot Grigio on tap which i thought was very cool - but my glass had lipstick all over the top - when i pointed this out she poured it out and gave me another glass which had less wine in it. I felt like she was punishing me for there mistake. 

We proceeded to order food - we started with the pretzel fondu appetizer this was mediocre @best - i think they microwave the pretzels! And the fondu was beyond salty - know i was looking forward to having dinner here - that excitement ended with the appetizer. We had to order everything @the bar then take it to the area where my friends were because there are no servers for the back. 

Know your standing @this place because there is not enough seating. When i went to the restroom it was confusing because its unisex - i have no prob with this when done right. The bathroom was filthy and there was a broken bottle in my stall - so gross. 

Overall i did not like the yard - it was overpriced and customer service is non existent. Why 2 stars not 1 ? They did have a sam adams promotion and we got free T- shirts which was cool and i did like the pinot on tap- just not enough to ever get me back in that place.
Ambiance=5 stars. Service=3 stars. Food= 4 stars dependent upon what you order.  I have been here a few times and love the atmosphere and the fact they have games. The food is decent, but not up to Sam Fox' s normal standard. This place is mainly about the atmosphere.
While I'm sure it can get overly busy and obnoxious, that's the drawback of creating a place with so much fun stuff. However, at 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday it's the perfect place for my 7-year-old, his soccer team, and numerous siblings to run around and play games like cornhole (beanbag toss), ping-pong, and foosball while the parents get to have conversation and enjoy a few adult beverages.

Service was quick and the food was quite good - I had the grilled chicken club and my boys had the mac and cheese.

In sum, this is a great place for everyone, families, couples, singles, etc. Now I really want to ride my bike over, have a few drinks, watch a few games. Honestly, this would be a great place to just camp out during the first few days of the NCAA Basketball Tournament.
This place looks cool and is a nice atmosphere but the staff are all incredibly rude, even when not busy.
The idea of the Yard is great and it is executed well.  There is so much to distract you with cornhole, ping pong, and so much more. Both times I have been there the place is so packed you are waiting forever for a table if you want to eat and the next person to be seated is waiting at the table for you to finish up and leave.  Way too crowded to actually talk to the people your with. 
The food itself was nothing fabulous but was decent.  It's your typical American style food.  I have yet to try the seafood place that is housed there. Perhaps that would raise my opinion of this place.  Probably not though since my main complaint jus with the crowds. If you are in college or a young professional you might enjoy this chaos environment better than I have.
Too many kids to enjoy it (unless of course you go there to take your kids).  I'm sure it changes as the evening gets later.  I love kids, I have 2 myself.  But I don't hire a babysitter to go out for a drink just so that someone else's toddlers can be hanging over their shoulder drooling on me.
We came here for a Sunday Funday, except I had missed the memo and was in an inexplicable Sunday Funkday. Never deterred, my inner 5 year old gave in to the games and I ended up having a fantastic time!

We started off at Culinary Dropout to watch a football game. The interior is bright, floor to ceiling glass, and modern.  We may have been a bit early, but the atmosphere inside wasn't sports bar pandemonium and hysteria that is contagious. In other words, I had nobody to trash talk with except for my companion - and that gets old.  There's an outdoor seating area that seemed more lively. This could be a great stop to have brunch, get amped for football by playing games and unleashing the competitive ferocity that only comes out during heroic games of PING PONG, FOOSBALL, AND CORNHOLE.  Then, glumly slink to the nearest sports bar to watch real athleticism and drink your glory days away.
I actually took my time going to The Yard due to the craziness this place got when it first opened. We ended up going to Little Cleo's and had a great dinner. I'm not a huge fan of the Fox Concept restaurants, but we had a great experience at Little Cleo's. We wanted to stay around to play some of the games, but didn't have the time. We will definitely be back to have the full Yard experience. I am a sucker for Cornhole and Ping Pong so this place is calling me back for sure. We didn't have any problems with parking and the wait for games didn't seem long so don't get discourage at some of the reviews.
Great atmosphere and the place to be on a cool fall Phoenix night. They have tons of games to entertain anyone of all ages and you must get the soft pretzels and provolone fondue!!!! Out. Of. This. World.
I really wanted to like The Yard so much so that I have been there at least 4 times. After all, it's in my neighborhood, it's an amazing space, has a modern and appealing menu, and on paper is a really great concept.

Disappointingly, many of those things are forgotten when you experience the place.  First, if you've never been there, you likely will be confused about how to get in...what appears to be the natural entrance on 7th Street, has an a-frame sign telling you not to enter...as if you'll be able to read that entering off a busy road.  So, do your best to work your way around the block to find that valet off a side street entrance.  Oh, and that assumes that they don't have a sign up saying that the valet is full, therefore you need to fend for yourself and hope to not be towed.  

From the first visit, the hostesses never quite seemed too happy to be there...which is kinda their job, I thought...you know, to be welcoming.  So, at this point, if you're foolish like me, you'll keep going, rather than turn around.  Because the service gets worse once you're seated...

...On my first visit, I chalked the poor service up to it being a new venue, and probably even gave the benefit of the doubt on the second visit.  But after months having passed, and a couple more visits, I would say it's gotten even worse.  It's obviously a busy place, and while I want to blame the individual servers for being inattentive, I think it naturally has to be management's failure to sufficiently staff for such a large crowd.  As a result, when they finally get to you, they are physically and mentally taxed.  That said, it's nearly impossible to even identify who the servers are, in part because they are allowed to wear whatever they want, thus blending in with everyone else in the restaurant.  

The food, when you get it, is pretty good.  The drinks, some are very good, some not so much (I can chalk some of that up to personal taste).  But, again, those things get lost because everything up to that point is just greatly disappointing.

The best part of this place is leaving...

Save yourself the trouble and find someplace else on Yelp that has a more favorable star rating and more positive feedback.
If you are looking for a decent dinner, good bar food, and a variety of drink options, this place is a good find.
The variety of their seating is nice, and the place is pretty versatile. I love that you can at outside if you would like to.
They have happy hour which is nice, and everyone is always trying to accommodate. If you are up for some outdoor ping pong or corn hole, this place is the place to go!! 
The last time I went I had a salad with sweet potato chips/crumbs in it and it was soo good..
The yard is a great place for HAPPY HOUR! They have a great beer and wine selection during happy hour, I usually get the girly beers: either a Wild Blue (blueberry beer) or a Stella Artois but my brothers and hubby get those strong, adventurous beers. Every server I've had has been really cool and is helpful with their beer suggestions. It always seems like they are just one of your friends. The happy hour food is awesome! I've tried pretty much everything, but ones that stood out were the pretzel balls and cheese, the meatloaf sandwich, salmon bruschetta, and french fries. Basically it's all good. I love the whole concept of the Yard. It's like going to a friend's place that has coolest backyard. Swanky outdoor furniture, Italian string lights, plus ping-pong and cornhole. That's really all you need for a good, chill afternoon. It gets pretty busy during happy hour on Thursday-Friday, and you can find many well-dressed downtown hipsters here. Happy hour is only at the tall tables, so I would recommend getting there early if you have a bigger group. During the weekdays happy hour isn't crowded as bad, and that just makes for faster food and drinks. Parking is pretty crazy sometimes, last time we waited in line for a while just to get our car valeted, but it not a deal breaker.
the place gets the best ratings when it comes to the atmosphere. The service was mediocre, the food was mediocre, but the atmosphere and the selection of beer was incredible.
might be a good place to hang with the guys and do a fantasy draft?
I've been to The Yard before twice, and the atmosphere was so casual and pleasant that I stayed for hours. Went on a Saturday afternoon, and it has sadly now become a Chuck E Cheese.  Tons of young children running around with no parental supervision. Too many large birthday parties. The place has lost its charm.
My diagnosis of The Yard is that it suffers from Bipolar Disorder, a rare contagious variety that makes me both love and loathe it in return.  Even in writing this review I don't know where to start or what to say.  

From the moment you walk in to The Yard there are choices-- Culinary Dropout? Little Cleo's? Inside seating or outside seating? Your mind reels with the possibilities, and you are left wondering "WHO is this place?"

I've been to Culinary Dropout a handful of times and each experience, much like the mood disorder, is different-- great service one time, horrible the next.  The menu itself can't even decide what it wants to be.  On it, you have your choice of fancy meats and cheeses (antipasti) or you can order chicken curry.  You also have a selection of sandwiches and salads, but if you're looking for something heartier, there's always the meatloaf.  They've also included a butternut squash cannelloni for good measure.  With such an odd variety it becomes difficult to choose something.

If you're indecisive or have indecisive friends and family, this is a great place.  The food isn't bad but it's not the best either (and the portions are pretty skimpy).  As far as the environment, again, not sure what the place is supposed to be so it's a little of everything.  They have a stage at the front of the restaurant, far away from most of the seating, and I feel bad for the singers and musicians I've seen there because it's as if they're playing for no one.  It's an unfortunate layout.  

My recommendation is to come here for happy hour or for a little nosh while you watch the game.  And be sure to take your Lithium before entry!
Lindsey D. is right.... this place is way too popular! After enjoying dinner at Little Cleo's, my friend and I went over to the Yard for a drink. It was packed on a Saturday night! We had a hard time finding a place to sit but fortunately a large party was leaving one of the high top tables.  So after placing our order at the bar, we jumped on those open seats. 
This is another one of those "awesome reasons to live in Arizona". Because you can enjoy and open concept bar in the middle of winter. The whole area was covered in green turf and had game tables like ping pong at the far end, and various other seating areas throughout. Heat lamps and fire pits kept the area relatively toasty as long as you were sitting near one of them. I got a glass of wine while my friend sipped a scotch. One of the servers apparently had an extra hard cider she must have poured and offered it to us. We saw a lot of servers running around-but honestly it was kind of hard to tell who was a server and who wasn't. No one really checked on us, but probably since we had a drink in hand they assumed we were all set. 
The crowd is really mixed-people of all ages hanging out. I can't remember if there was music playing or not.....
Cool place to check out, especially with a group of friends as their seating can accommodate large parties.
The service is RIDICULOUSLY good.  The decor is perfection.  The food is hit or miss.    I had lunch here a few months ago, and everyone's food was great.  I went back for drinks and apps with a friend, and we were underwhelmed.  The pretzel fondue was AMAZING, but the deviled eggs were beyond bland and flavorless and the roasted artichoke wasn't done well.  Unfortunately, it's one of those places where you have to really stick to certain items, and ignore the rest.
Awesome place. Except the ID guy needs to learns manners and/or customer service skills.
I am no longer a fan of The Yard. The valet parking is a major issue, it fills up and then you have to park across the street and play frogger trying to make it back across 7th st. The drinks are overpriced as is the food and the place is always filled with kids. I don't go to outdoor patio bars to have screaming children running at my feet. I love children, and if I was going to Peter Piper I would expect the raucous. Unfortunately this has prevented me from being able to take advantage of the fun games they offer (ping pong, corn hole and shuffleboard). 

Perhaps I go too early but any later and you are waiting 2 hours for a table. No thanks. (But yes I will probably still go there because I can ride my bike when the weather is nice and sit out on the patio).
The name of this place says it all. If you're looking for a quiet or upbeat place to chill after work, you probably don't want to come here. It's loud, for one thing. You can't even hear yourself talk. The selection of entertainment isn't anything to do cartwheels over either.

If you want to watch a game or hang out with a bunch of rowdy people, this is where you want to be. Nothing really sucks here, but nothing really stands out either. It's a great place for those just looking for a good time.

Just make sure you're sober before you enter, or you won't be finding your way in to begin with!
Based on the reviews it sounds like a lot of kiddos are running around here during the day.  I have only been there after 7pm and have not had the same experience as those other reviews.  This is a great place to hang out.  You can create your own experience here.  You can choose to keep it light with a game of ping pong or cornhole and a couple of "paperbag specials" with the buds, sit around a fire pit and watch a game or if that is not your thing choose to sit at the bar inside or catch a table inside Culinary Dropout.  Either way CD food is served whether or not you choose to sit inside the restaurants or one of the Yard tables. 

Remember this area is still just a large covered outdoor patio and even with heaters on a chilly night you may still need a sweater. Or conversely in the summer it can get a little warm through here.  But it is not as hot/cold as it is outside the Yard walls.  

Don't let the fact that all the parking is Complementary Valet deter you. [Or the fact the line extends into the street during peak hours] Don't risk trying to park in the neighborhood as the homeowners are diligent about getting folks towed.  Just let the valet dudes do their thing, you go do your thing and tip 'em when your night is through. 

There is a lot of space inside the complex, which includes Miss Cleo's Seafood.  But if you are like me there can be a personal tipping point on the crowd level and have yet to stay after 10:30ish on a Thurs/Fri/Sat.
The Yard is like a big recess for adults at night so it seems.So weird to see three restaurants in one place, does it work , does it not work..well it was packed even though one can not find easy parking. Obviously, when placing the The Yard and the other restaurants in one place, FOX didn't think about logistics.  So what if you have to walk in the middle of the night in the dark, people will still come. And they did. 

We had a large group and even though a reservation was made days before, they weren't very accommodating in the end.  Drinks were overpriced even for a soda and cider.  Service, well I felt for the girl who had to run around quickly to all the tables and groups.  I tried the pretzel dish, I've had better.  They were pretty hard and the cheese wasn't really the greatest.   I ended up not eating there, because again, our area didn't have enough seating nor tables to do so.  Others said they were not impressed with their food either.

The ping pong  area was fun, however a group of pretentious hipsters decided to stand right in back of us, so a lot of the balls would hit one of them obviously..did they try to move or say sorry..yeah no. Sounds like recess back in the day! 

Would I go again, maybe for a drink but I would not wait any amount of time to get a table for any of the restaurants, when there's other places right down the street, just as popular and able to seat us right within a decent amount of time - 45 minutes to an hour is way to long!
We know the FOX is clever, the restaurant concepts they come up with are like little magical yellow bricks down the yellow brick road that is lead by the Peter Piper and when one opens, people gather.
I love the concept of the Yard, group seating, plenty of games to play . . . and there were plenty of groups there.  
Now I know FOX is deft and any restaurant is all about maximizing the potential for the almighty drinks and serving of food.  
Unfortunately, at the Yard, service of food and drinks failed miserably.  There were a large group of us Elite Yelpers there with our friends celebrating some Dec. birthdays . . . yet, there weren't enough seating and I seriously stood there for almost 2 hours and not ONCE did a waiter come by and ask me if I wanted anything to eat or drink.  And I was more than ready to order something to eat and drink!!!
All those potential loss of revenue I saw all around me.  I'm thinking, "if they would do the order and deliver system differently, the nightly intake would certainly double if not more!"
I don't know what the solution is, but if I were FOX, I would send someone FOXY and brainy to spend some time to analyze the situation and come up with a procedure where the plentiful patrons are serviced because at the end of the day, you are still running a restaurant and not a free playground for the grownups.
In theory this place is a fun concept, food, bar, outdoor playground for adults including, lounging areas, large screen tvs, games and servers to bring you whichever cocktail and snacks you desire and the bonus of valet parking.
I came to join friends under a reservation for a birthday party, upon walking in overheard that the wait was at least 2 1/2 hours long, I thought wow this place must be amazing....
Our reserved seating space was LIMITED, but we managed a game of musical chairs, we're adults we know how to share, stand or wander around without getting lost, really not a big deal. 
The food, well if pretzel balls with cheesy fondue and chips is your idea of a meal then you're in luck! I heard they have a great menu although I was never handed one or asked if I wanted one.
Service, well the one server we had for our entire group seemed to be running like a chicken with her head cut off! Too much for even an awesome server to handle & for those who chose to try their luck at the bar the wait was loooonnnggg!
We did manage to entertain ourselves since the place was jam packed, you couldn't hear the football game, barely heard eachother,  game tables were busy or too crowded to really play, there wasn't room or service to order a meal, drinks took so long your buzz faded in between drinks.
As for the bonus of Valet parking, full before 6:30pm, but if you're willing to risk your life as was suggested by parking across the street and dodging busy traffic then this is the place for you! 
P.S. Who came up with the concept of shared his and her bathrooms must have been an only child! Bad idea!!!
Games look pretty fun but there's always a group playing or waiting to play so patience is key. Food ranges from good to great. Not a fan of the drink prices but perhaps that's being nit picky (or cheap!). Try visiting when it's cooler outside while wearing a jacket so you can minimize crowds.
The Yard.  The name rolls smoothly off the tongue and conjures images of kids having fun while running around and playing games.  That's a pretty accurate picture, except these are big kids.  With alcoholic beverages.  Fun!  

Our group was a rather large one and we had a reserved lounge section.  Our reservations were for their "maximum amount" of 14 and we were assured that any additional people over and above that amount could have join us and pull up chairs.  Our group probably ended up being around 20 or so.  Unfortunately, there wasn't enough space for our entire group to sit or anywhere to add chairs to our section, but we managed to find a way to make it work between standing and walking over to play some games.  Drinks came as quickly as our one server could bring drinks for our 20 or so (plus the other section or two that she likely had that night).  

I did not get offered a menu at any time throughout the night, but did ask for one at one point and our server was quick to respond.  And throughout the night, I could always be found with a drink in my hand.  And our server managed to keep a dozen or so separate checks for our group.  Overall, I thought our server did a pretty remarkable job given the amount of people she was serving, the lack of help, and having to keep all those separate checks straight!

The reason for our gathering was that three of us were celebrating our birthdays that night.  And The Yard stepped up and provided a free bottle of champagne for us!  That was completely unexpected and totally awesome of them.  

And the food... oh the food.  Pretzel and cheese fondue was just ok... but I also had the joy of indulging in a Turkey Pastrami sandwich.  The sammy definitely hit the spot and left me completely satisfied.  Seriously, the sandwich could not have been any better.

I know a handful of the people in our group were not as happy with the experience as I was, so I knocked off a star for that... as well as the whole parking mess they have.  I didn't even attempt to valet (which I believe is the only option offered) because the line of cars was so long that I couldn't even turn in off of 7th Street.  Fortunately, I was able to find street parking across the street and walk over... but I'm sure the neighbors aren't a fan of the likely herds of drunk people that must walk through their neighborhood after leaving this FOX concept every night.
As with so many of the Fox Restaurants, I'm conflicted.  I love the concepts, the quirkiness, and the neighborhood feel.  But so often there are things that can be improved.  Some of the criticism I level at this place might be unfair as its beyond their control, but there are some areas for which they can make a difference.  

Allow me to set the stage.  My brother and I came for lunch today (he'd been here, but I hadn't).  The place was really dead ("shockingly dead" as my brother described).  The PF Chang's Marathon was going on so I suspect would be customers decided to avoid the potential traffic near the marathon route.  Good for us I guess as we almost had a run of the place.  The restaurant is actually a densely packed collective of restaurants that all used to be a motorcycle sales, service, and showroom area.  Now there are three distinct restaurants dotting the old footprint.  Culinary Dropout/The Yard, Little Cleo's, and soon Lola Coffee.  Having seen the size of the parking lot, I have no idea they're able to get people in and out of the area when its full as the collective of restaurants can probably seat well over 300 people, but there's only parking for about 50 cars.  Thank goodness it was dead.

The Yard is essentially the outdoor seating space for Culinary Dropout and the menu is the same for both.  The menu contained a number of items I've had at other Fox Restaurants including pretzels & cheese I've had at Arrogant Butcher and a bacon burger I've had at Zinburger.  Since I was in the mood for both, I got both.  Both were as good as I remember.  Would've liked to try something new and innovative, but the menu didn't have all that much that excited me.  My brother got essentially the same thing and we both got a beer each.  Total tab for two burgers, two beers, and the pretzel appetizer was about $60 including tip.  A bit pricey for what you get, but that's more or less what I expect with Fox restaurants.  Afterwards my brother and I played a game of ping pong in back.  Would've played corn hole toss, but ran out of time.  

Overall, the food was adequate but didn't wow me.  The Yard space is a very cool concept with great shading, plenty of TVs, comfortable seating, and games like corn hole toss and ping pong in back.  And I love the adaptive reuse of the buildings to give the area new life.  

That said, I can understand how this area could be overwhelming to some Yelpers when the place is packed.  While the young to middle aged adults are the primary target audience for Fox restaurants, what little crowd their was today was predominantly parents with their toddlers.  I suspect most nights The Yard is probably full of kids more than adults.  Cool I guess if that's what you're looking for, but potentially a turnoff for others.  And as with most Fox restaurants, the food is overpriced.  I get that you pay for the atmosphere as much as the food, but I'm all about the value of the food as much as the atmosphere.

I would come here again if asked, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I have been here twice and I am not sure if I will be back for a third. The idea is great, it's nice to have the option to play games and whatnot, but the place is just too busy...maybe they should let less people in? not sure. The valet is a bit of a nightmare, as it gets backed up and you wait for a very long time, at times. I went for happy hour once and it was very hard to get a spot in the bar area (the only area that honors happy hour pricing), but after waiting awhile, we got a spot. All of the food we got consisted of bread and cheese and were fine, but how bad can bread and cheese be? I thought the grilled cheese sliders would have bacon or whatever they do on the regular menu, but not so at happy hour...sigh. I also went to a fellow yelper's birthday party here and it was a bit crazy... not as much seating as they had given us in the reservation, no possible way to get food (not enough room), extremely slow service....took over 25 min to get my credit card back and my husband had to go find the waitress for this to happen...thought maybe they lost the card...yikes. It was just nothing special.
My wife and I met some friends here for drinks and appetizers. The vibe is more of a look at me, I'm so cool thats why I'm talking so loud feel. Had the house margarita but really wasn't too impressed. You can get better for less elsewhere. Also had the pretzel bread with cheese fondue. Cheese was just luke warm but the bread was tasty. The noise level was kind of off putting. Free valet parking is available. There are some other restaurants at the same location but never could figure out where they actually were, are they just three different types of food at same place? Confusing. All in all food was average as was the staff and service. Probably won't return.
The Yard was a bit of an overwhelming experience for me.  We had reserved 'outdoor' seats at Little Cleo's, not realizing that outdoor actually means in the yard.  Being in the yard on a Saturday night is certainly one of those things you should be prepared for.  For the amount of money spent on our meal, it was disappointing that conversation was difficult over the roar of the crowd.  Very reminiscent of my college days, and spending time in a bar on Mill.  I could barely hear the server!   While waiting for our table (20 min wait with reservations) we sauntered over to the bar that services the yard and Culinary Dropout.  My husband's beer cost as much as my mojito.  It wasn't that the mojito was cheap, but the fact they charged a crazy amount for a beer.  It was almost 8 bucks.  The worst part, as others have said, is the parking.  Valet was full, so we had to park across the street in a shopping center and run across five lanes of traffic.   I will say that once I accepted that I wasn't going to be having a fine dining experience (though I certainly paid for it) I was able to just sit back and enjoy the people watching.  This place was fun for people watching.  There were bikers, ping-pongers, and that funny drunk guy who was laughing way too loud at his own jokes.  So, essentially the Yard provided dinner and a show.  The cover band playing at Culinary was a fun touch too.  All in all, I had fun.  That being said, I will probably never go back.
This place has a cool concept... happy hour was good.  A great variety of games to play. The food was pretty tasty too.  The only problem I had was the watered down fireball!  They charge seven bucks for a shot which is normal-overpriced but you don't even get what you're paying for.  Yes we noticed it guys... good try lol other than that it's a decent place to hangout.
For obvious reasons to the people who have been here, this is basically like an arcade for adults mixed in with food and alcohol. For the money, the food is not something I yearn for.  Don't get me wrong, I love a good burger or sandwich, but not when it's an 11 or 14 dollar burger. Alcohol shares the same "premium" price as the food. 

Also, for whatever reason they are not open very late (midnight on weekends, 10pm weekdays). This would really be a nice "after hours" spot. Albeit Fox RC goes against the grain. The place would have so much more to offer if they'd just stay open later and lower prices slightly.
Wow what a let down, concept so great service terrible! Food way over priced for your basic sandwiches and small plates. Went for my 30th birthday hoping to enjoy a new local joint, rudest staff in the valley. When I called in to make reservation I was told it's first come service in the Yard area, arrived at 6 on a Friday and was told I should have made reservation! Wound up waiting for an hour for a table and when my party size grew I was shunned by the manager and had to send friends away!!!!! Awful way to spend my birthday. Do yourself a favor skip this place just full of rude staff and hipsters not to mention the parking nightmares and $$$$$ went to a dive bar across the street and had a better time.
I tried - note: tried - to celebrate my birthday here. I had reservations and everything. Not once did anyone tell me my party had to be there all at once to be seated. The trouble is, & I told the person making my reservation, that I would be having approximately 40 people coming and going throughout the night so I can never say that my entire party would be there together. One manager tried to work with me, while the other manager came right behind him and undid the other guy's suggestions or solutions. It was my party and I cried, and not because I wanted to. It was awful. 

They split up the tables that we waiting for me with my name on the signs and gave it to a 6 top. They said that the couple of us that had already arrived could share a 4-top table. Really? Awe thanks that was so generous. Then they actually suggested we hover over people in the outdoor seating areas and when they leave - we swoop their seats. Man! Why didn't I think of that? I love being rude and all up in people's personal space. 

It was really unfortunate because I love Fox Restaurants but I have a very bitter taste in my mouth for this one ... 

It's such a cool concept. Too bad they don't have their shit together.
Another FOX Concepts eatery/drinkery. The sister of Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale; it's on the same level. Except I was surprised at the patio area; it's huge! Nice open space and warm fire pits all around. On a Thursday evening about 6:00pm there was about a 15 minute wait; so solve that by scrunching in at the bar. Yep. Crowded is good; and the bar was crowded too. I got a bit confused on the drink menu with the pricing of the wines. I ended up ordering a Pinot that was $15 for a glass thinking in my blonde mind that 15g meant the pour size ! Oops!! My boyfriend is a simple beer guy and loves the idea of the $2 beer in a bag concept. You order the beer in a bag and don't know what your getting : PBR;Hamms;Natty Ice ? Yeah don't think your getting a swanky craft brew in a bag! You can upgrade the bag with a shot , or a mini to go with. Same idea , you never know the beer nor the shot ! Yeah it's a cool idea, but I'll pass! Loved the charcuterie plate that you can build on your own with choices of cheeses, olives or artichokes and dried meats .. Whatever you like! The pretzel balls and fondue are always a 'must ' and these are exact to the CD in Scottsdale. Awesome service and ambience. Trendy and fun. Free valet too. Just be cautious of the drink menu, or psy attention , unlike me!
Huge fan.   Great (creative) food, great atmosphere, great scenery.  Throw some bags, or deliver punishment on the foosball table if you like. Also, I love a good microbrew / high gravity beer and The Yard has plenty of those to offer, but I also like a good cheap beer.    The Mystery Beer option is fun -- $2 gets you a random 12 oz can of beer in a brown paper bag.   You don't know what you're getting until it gets to your table.  

The server typically hangs around to see what you got, although that may be just for show.  Who cares when you can be 5 beers in and walk out of a trendy place like this with a $10 bar tab?  Further, the "Double Blind" gets you a mystery beer plus a mystery airplane bottle of booze for $6.  Hammer Down!  

Cheers!
Really fun place to go!  We go here a lot for Sunday brunches or just weekend day fun and drinking.  The outside area is huge and really fun.  Lots of games including bag toss, shuffle board, ping pong, and foosball. They have lots of TVs; if I wanted to have a game on in the background this would be a great place although I wouldn't really want to watch my team's games here just becasue of the noise/sound level of TV and sizes of the TV.  They have a few fire pits wtih comfy chairs and couches.  This is a great place for groups of friends and get togethers.  It would probably be good for after work events too.  The food is pretty dang good (its the Culinary Dropout if you have been to the one in old town Scottsdale).  I normally recommend and rave over the pretzel and fondue although the last few times it has been good but not quite as amazing (still worth trying).  I haven't ate at the seafood place that also is joined to it.
Love of my life. I can always count on this place for a great meal, great atmosphere, and the best service. I love every minute of being here.
Can't believe I haven't wrote a review for here yet! I love The Yard! I haven't had Little Cleo's yet but just in general the atmosphere is really great and the food at Culinary Dropout is always superb, plus I love not having to find parking.
Great spot. I wish there was a place like this in LA. It's super relaxed with good food and fun games.  The space itself is awesome... Like a covered tent, almost, with a trendy restaurant inside. We went on a Sunday, so I imagine that there are more people there at that time than any other day, but it'd be awesome if there were more ping pong tables and bean bag toss games. 

Our food was rocking too. Giant burgers, good wine, good beer. My friend got the brown bag special - $2.00 for a random canned beer. How fun is that!
This is the perfect spot for Sunday Fun-Day!  The food is great and once you are done eating, you can play bag toss, ping pong and foosball!  Room Service is my favorite drink there.  Their shrimp kale caesar salad is the only way I will ever eat kale.  The soft pretzels with cheese are awesome too!  There can be quite a long wait here and when it is busy, it is definitely loud.  Valet only and the happy hour menu is only available at the bar (not even at the tables around the bar).
My boyfriend is a creature of habit so I have been here several times-and am definitely not complaining about that! The Yard rocks. There's great drinks, salty bar apps, and actually delicious food (same menu as culinary dropout). You can also order special cheeses and other little samples, but we've only tried the cheeses once and felt they were superfluous to the meal. That said, the fried chicken we have both tried and it is to die for! Comes with a hot biscuit, mashed potatoes, and my mouth is watering just typing this! They say on the menu that the fried chicken takes longer but "is worth the wait" but honestly it doesn't take too long- or there is so much fun to be had here you won't notice! TVs galore for sports-lovers, and an outdoor area with ping-pong tables for sports-players! Pro tip: I would not recommend the "double blind" special, which consists of a mystery low-end beer and a shot. My boyfriend did this and while I cannot remember the price, he ended up getting a mediocre beer with a shot of Jim Beam maple that tasted like pure syrup! Of course, you might get luckier...

The bouncer gave me a bit of a hard time about my ID, but that's only because I look something like 5 years younger than my actual age.
Like a lot of other people, I have mixed feelings about this place. It's a very cool concept & I like it, but....... When it's busy, it's a bit of a nightmare. Finding parking if you don't valet is not fun & you run the real risk of your car being towed in a lot of the surrounding areas. The wait is often long, most of the comfortable open seating areas are in fact not open, but reserved. The bar is too small for the size of the place in my opinion too. It just feels like you have no where to really go while you are waiting for your table when it's busy. The food, Culinary Dropout, is good, but nothing spectacular. I like the cheese & pretzel fondue & house chips/dip for appetizers. The Gorgonzola Chicken salad is pretty good too. It's a fun place to hang out with friends when it's not crazy busy. I also like that it is close enough to my home that I can ride my bike there.
Will is awesome. Go to manager. :) a true example of customer service. Mr Fox Concepts would be proud :)
Pro's- fun, unique, good food.
Con's-HORRIBlE HORRIBLE parking, staff is really hit or miss as far as friendliness and being helpful. The bathroom is different.....
Good thing our sever is nice! The guy seating people at the front door is an Ass!!! Not that many people and all we asked was to sit outside. No need to be rude.
I like how comfortable the setting is here. It is another great spot for a relaxing sunday afternoon. Food was delicious and I like how there are many activities to keep everyone entertained.
I rarely write reviews, but this recent experience inspired me- FORCED ME, ACTUALLY. 

My wife and I frequently duck into this spot, usually around Happy Hour, as we wait for our 7yr old son to finish his karate lesson around the corner. 

It is almost always a pleasant experience, but then a couple weeks ago we had an episode that seemed doomed to be 1 of those "YOU-WISH-YOU WOULD-HAVE-STAYED-IN-AND-EATEN TOP-RAMEN" types of nights...

Our dinner began with us ordering a beverage item from the menu, only to have our "server" return some time later to tell us they didn't have it, and she made zero attempt to hide her irritation with US, as if we had somehow known. THIS HAPPENED 4 TIMES IN A ROW-so that after 30 minutes, we still had not been able to successfully place a drink order. We felt like we were pretty good sports in the beginning, but unfortunately our server had at this point decided we were not worth the hassle- so now we were becoming quite irked ourselves. Her new strategy was to suggest to us that we had possibly  had too much to drink, even though despite our valiant efforts we couldn't get a drink to save our lives.

At this point she not only asserted we may be intoxicated, but on top of that SHE KEPT TOUCHING ME- an unwelcome arm around my neck, a firm hand on my chest,  patting my hand, etc. While my wife was very patient with this blatant violation of my personal space, I was much less understanding- I knew my wife didn't care for it,  and I personally found it offensive. I politely  corrected the intrusion the 1st 2X, but after the 3rd, I found myself stating firmly "FOR  THE 3RD TIME, STOP TOUCHING ME".

While I remember her name, and am tempted to share it, I am choosing not to   because of what happened next with the manager, whose name I WILL mention. 

Upon my adamant  demand for the touching to stop, our server literally ran away to find a manger, whom she brought over to remove us. After listening to her creative historical revision, the manager-  gentleman named "MIKEL BOSS", then gave us the opportunity to civilly describe what had at that point been a very uncivil disaster.

Shockingly to us, he somehow was able to properly recognize we were telling the truth. He was professional, apologetic and hospitable- frankly his last name "BOSS" could not  have been more fitting. He offered to accommodate us inn several ways, all of which we politely refused- we weren't trying to get free food or drinks, and all we really wanted was to try and spend our last few minutes there in peace, but we knew we did not intend to return.

He somehow sensed this, gave us his card, and went out of his way to make us feel like a return trip would be 1 where we could all wipe the slate clean.

The reason this was so impressive, and the reason I am writing this, is because sometimes "life" happens. Maybe the gal was having a bad day, or maybe the table before us had already ruined her shift. Who knows? Maybe a lot of things.

 Sometimes a dinner starts off like a nightmare, sometimes a server draws a tough table, sometimes a couple draws a tough server. Sometimes "life" happens when you least expect it

What impressed us the most was the commitment to excellence he showed-  there were a dozen different, easier ways out for him, but he didn't take the easy way.
The point is that its not a huge surprise when things go wrong- it would be more of a surprise if they never did. Good service is not ensuring that something never goes wrong, because that's an unrealistic expectation. The question is, once an experience has gone sideways, will someone go out of their way to correct it? He certainly did. While we appreciated that the end of our service was handled by someone else, we still tipped the original server 30% on the tab- partially because we understand a tip is a bigger reflection of the customer than of the service, and partially because we don't know everything she may have been going through. 

As for the manger, in all truth we do not know him and had never seen him before. Even though this reads like a personal shout-out from a friend, IT IS NOT- he is a stranger. He just  happened to be a stranger who treated us like friends, and because of THAT, because of "Mr. Boss", WE WILL CONFIDENTLY RETURN AGAIN.
I really want to like this place since it is within walking distance of my house.  We've had problems every time that we've went.  We've been five times, but walked away twice due to the wait.

During out last visit, we went for happy hour at 4PM on a Sunday.  Unfortunately they seated us on the wrong side where happy hour isn't available (?!?).  There is two different restaurants in the same space with different seating rules and menus, but this isn't immediately clear ... and happy hour is only available in certain areas?  By the time we found someone who was able to explain this to us, the few high tops where we could get 'happy hour menu' were taken.

Service has been consistently slow for all three visits, even though the place wasn't packed.  Slow for drinks, slow for food.  

On our last visit, it took ~20 minutes to get iced tea after being seated.  We ordered two burgers and a salad.  When the food finally arrived 25-30 minutes later, one of the burgers was undercooked and the fries were completely cold.  It took another 10 minutes to wave down our waitress, who took the order back.  A manager got involved with the situation, but our guest didn't get their burger and fries until well after we were done.

On a final note, this place isn't cheap.  For example, $6 for a pint of Moose Drool and $7 for a pint of Guinness.  If you aren't sitting in the right section during happy hour, the tab can get expensive very fast.
Food was not great. Service was poor. Atmosphere was the only good thing about this place.
I REALLY wanted to love this place..really. In their defense, the patio is super cool- although very noisy and it wasn't full. Plenty of seating between couches and tables..love that part. The food was very disappointing. The service wasn't great either. We overlooked the fact that our server got the drink order wrong..arrived with ice instead of straight up..martini didn't just have a " light splash" of olive juice but was down right dirty. Ok, no problem. The burrata appetizer that the server talked up was lacking in the complex flavor that the menu promised. Still ok, looking forward to entree. I had the trout with a side of French fries to satisfy my rarely indulged carb craving. The fries were so soggy I sent them back and the trout was swimming in butter. My sweetie also threw caution to the wind, ordering fried chicken ( the menu said it would be worth the wait). It was so over cooked- very dark brown and the meat so dry it wasn't all edible. Our server disappeared often, had to be asked 3x for a black napkin and forks..and we were pressed for time because of theatre tickets so didn't wait for a second shot at the chicken. Don't want to be a hater but I'd return if all I wanted was a drink..like a beer or glass of wine but I wouldn't go there hungry. Burgers looked decent but I noticed the table next to us..8 sandwich and burger people and a lot of food went back :(
I could have sworn I wrote a review already...since I've been 3 times now.  

After those three visits, I can sum up my review like this:

- The pretzel fondue app is the bee's knees.  And so is there Bacon Bloody Mary!  

- The fried chicken is definitely worth a try.

- It's way too loud inside the Culinary Dropout portion.

- The Yard (outdoor area) is where it's at since it's not as loud and because it's a neat little space.

- The service is shotty.  Each time I've been, the waitress/waiter has trouble hearing us and vice versa.  Or, it's hard to even get the person's attention because it is so packed.

- The parking situation is less than ideal.  But if you can't make it in the free valet parking, you can park across the street and jaywalk across.  

-  I much prefer Arrogant Butcher.
It made a lot of sense that this place only has 3 stars even though it's pretty popular. Here right now with a very large party. They definitely had a table that we requested that would comfortably accommodate all of us. However, that request was blatantly ignored. Once we took it upon ourselves, we were scolded by our waiter? Now, I really want you to keep in mind I am completely sober due to a medication I'm taking. If it weren't for a dear friends birthday, I would not step foot in this place. The food is actually pretty good and they have some interesting drinks. The portions are very small and overpriced. Now, because of the inconsiderate staff, some of our more emotional party members are getting their feelings hurt by half the party having to sit elsewhere. Culinary dropout, I am disappointed in you just like your teachers and parents were. Grow up already.
Complimentary valet but get there early. Great craft beer selection as well as creative cocktail menu. Ping pong and corn-toss my favorites. Bar staff has been great every time we've been in. Appetizers are all awesome, pretty good burgers too.
Your experience at The Yard depends completely on when you go. I enjoy going here for lunch and they have excellent food. I really do not like going from Happy Hour on.  Their parking turns into valet only, which is a problem when you are not in the habit of carrying cash. And it gets really busy! So, I would avoid evenings, especially on the weekends, if you don't want to go when it is crazy busy, hard to find parking, and really loud. Other times, it is great.  They have a ton of space with both indoor and outdoor spaces. They also have various games, such as cornhole, which is a lot of fun. Time it right and you will have a great time!
Had a great time there with a group of  four people. It really is so flexible for all size groups. We just hung out and tossed beanbags and had a few drinks, which was nice. No pressure to have a meal, you can just stop in and play for a bit and take in the scene. 

The only thing to watch for the super drunk people who stay too long at happy hour, they can get quite annoying. Also, the parking situation is a bit hairy.
I haven't been there on a weekend night yet.  I haven't heard too many good things from friends when it's crowded.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and sat outside because the weather was amazing!!! Everything was really pleasant.  I got their spin on the margarita....ok I had 3. I obviously loved it.  My friend and I got the pretzel appetizer.  Pretzels were super soft and chewy. Mmmmmm.  Husband showed up and got ahi salad and seemed to enjoy it judging by the licked clean plate. 
I will be back!! Hopefully have enough peeps to play some games!
I CANNOT believe this place only has 3 stars!!!  My husband and I LOVE this place.  It is casual, fun, flexible.  We have gone for date night if we are feeling spunky, we've happy houred with friends, we've brought out of towners straight from the airport for drinks and the yard games, we've celebrated a friend's birthday in the couch area with drinks and apps.  The possibilities are ENDLESS!  The only negatives - expect to valet (it's complimentary, you just tip) and the service can be slow in the bar area - but you are right next to the bar and they've never had an issue with us just walking up and asking for more drinks or apps or whatever.  The food is bomb.  Pretzel fondue, fried chicken, fish and chips, turkey pastrami sandwich, and all the antipasti.  Drinks are yum too - Banjo Strum, Bells and Whistles, After School Special, and don't forget the brown bag special (where they just put whatever canned beer in a brown bag and bring it out - usually if you are nice the waiter will give you a hint if it's worth your while) and the mystery tap.

They have live music on weekend nights - which is SUPER loud - but SUPER fun if you are looking to get pumped up.  Yard games are always a hit and the supplies come in a cute tackle box; presentation is everything right?!

Another plus - the bathrooms!  They are kind of crazy!  They have two separate doors for Women and Men, but share the same sink area, which is decorated with full length mirrors and Ball Jars for soap dispensers!
My first time here was on a Saturday night and it was PACKED! We (4 of us) waited for an hour for a table which wasn't too bad as we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited. It did take quite a long time to get a bartenders attention just to order this drink but eh... To be expected. Once we were seated it didn't take long to get drinks and put in our order.  We had the pretzel bites with provolone fondue and they were decadent and marvelous. Mmm. I ordered the kale sweet potato salad w goat cheese. It had a sprinkle of pomegranate tendrils and a delicious dressing. I devoured it. My friends ordered the fried chicken, butternut squash tortellini, and a burger.  Everyone enjoyed their meals without complaint. My only negative would be that the table we were seated at was a bench on one side and chairs on the other, another table was close to ours which wasn't too bad until a man decided to join that table (sitting on the bench between us) and kept using our table as his arm rest! As we were eating dinner! How rude! But that's not The Yards fault. That's some rude hipster dude that had no respect for the people around him.
I would have liked the opportunity to actually eat here. But unfortunately, we showed up tonight and were quoted a 30-50 minute wait, which is understandable given that it's a Saturday night and the place is clearly popular. We had a beer and watched the fun happening in the yard, things were fine. Then 50 minutes passed, and then 60 minutes passed and then 70 minutes passed. I think it's incredibly important to give your guests an honest and realistic idea of how long it's going to take to get a table, otherwise you're setting yourself up for angry customers. We left hungry after 75 minutes and a crappy beer. It's a real shame, this place has potential.

Edit: Its been a week and no one has contacted me, despite what the note below from the yard says. I'm still waiting for the text message that my table is ready...
Anyone who have this place more than 1 star was obviously drunk and not remembering accurate information.
One, good luck parking. The parking is so shitty they have a complimentary valet. Unless you get there at 7:15 apparently and their lots are full so you drive around with everyone else looking for a spot and dodge the police cars waiting for you to park in a no parking residential.
After parking roughly a marathon away, we made it inside.. The place looks super fun, right? Games, young crowd.. Snazzy! Unless you want a drink or to eat something. I met with my SEATED party and waited for our server.. Waited and waited and waited.. Until my fiancé went to the bar and stood in line forever and game back with $10.29 worth of a plastic cup or vodka redbull.. Ummmmmm! Nice! So, one we found out we had a waitress, about 30 minutes into having sat down, we asked for a menu.. 19 minutes later (yes, I time wait staff when I think I'm going to need to complain), she came back with our tables drinks and asked what we had "we asked for a menu so we could eat.." Fail.. She came back 14 minutes later and I caught her attention (still no menu), but we had looked online at the menu and gave her our order that way.. And asked for water.. She took my card to start a tab and my food arrived in 20 minutes. I was shocked! But then again, our actual waitress hadn't dropped off the food.. So we had nothing to drink still.. Another 8 minutes passed and I'm almost done with my meal when she walks by and I asked her for the water we ordered.. Ugh!! It wouldn't have been SOOO annoying if she was running around dropping drinks here and there and just busy. The problem was that she said she was busy, but came back to take drink orders while never having anything we asked from her. Why are you taking MORE orders when you cannot even the deliver on the simple requests?! You don't need a bartender to hand you a menu.. Anyway, oops off topic..
When I asked her to run my card and end this terrible night, she came back with my receipt and no card. I asked where my card was and she said she already gave it back to me.. Noooooo.. She said "I always return them once I swipe them and I gave it back to you" I replied with "How could you have given it back to me when I haven't even SEEN you all night?!?" She went to look for it and would you have guessed she had it and asked me if I was Connie or Jamie.. I should have taken the other persons card and went to the manager to complain that they just hand your card back to strangers.. But alas, I was tired and annoyed and after that I couldn't even give her a pity tip.. DONE!!! 
In short (haha), this could be a BADASS place, but the service is SOOO shitty you had better show up already drunk in order to not care that you're being treated like shit.. 
Also, when I checked in and made a comment about service, all of my friends also had a personal horror story.. So sad.. Such a waste of a cool idea!!!
This place is a complete hit or miss in my opinion. I've eaten here about 5 times now, so I feel I can give an honest opinion of this place. First, let's get some of the obvious cons out of the way. Parking is awful. After the first two times here, I've completely given up on parking my own car, and have resigned myself to the Valet (Which is Complimentary, but who are we kidding, you don't not tip valet). And the seating situation is awkward at best. The space is so open, that you're constantly accidentally catching other peoples eyes, and the lack of walls makes it so you can barely hear your neighbor sitting next to you! Now, on to the more complex issues. The Wait staff is a big issue in my opinion. Of the 5 times I've been there, I've only once had a waiter I felt did an adequate job. They are not good with refills (You pretty much have to ask every time you want another drink), and are weirdly...flirty. Some of the waiters rather openly flirt with customers, which can make for uncomfortable silence at a table as you awkwardly try and avoid watching the sad attempts at getting a better tip taking place in front of you. The staff is also invasive. I get that not everyone wants a silent waiter who only pops up to refill drinks, but I think most people can agree it's weird when your waiter jumps into the middle of a conversation you're having with your table, and try's to put in their opinion. There was one instance where one of the female waiters actually sat down at our table and tried to have a conversation with us.... Again on the wait staff, YOU DON'T KNOW WHICH ONE IS YOURS! You'll have 4 waiters ask if you've had your order taken, 3 that (Finally) deliver it, and at the end of the night the waiter that brings you your check wont even be the original waiter you had at the start of the meal! The Food, I will say, is good. I haven't had anything there where I've thought "Wow, this is gross", and I do love their cheese fondue appetizer. Overall, I think most of this places issues come from it's lack of training, and lack of professionalism from the staff. If that one thing could be improved on, I think I could ignore the lack of privacy, and mandatory Valet parking.
Came on a Tuesday night. Relatively quiet night. Was surprised at the crowd when we first arrived, but does down. We just had drinks and desert. We did have to wait way too long for a server, and ended up just going to the bar to get our own drinks. 

It's a nice little place. Nothing amazing. I'm not a child, so games don't really excite me. The couches were terribly uncomfortable. Once we had a waitress, she was very nice.
I so badly want to love this place ... The concept of having a restaurant and gaming area inclusive, being a supporter of bicycles, and literally RIGHT around the corner from my residence sounds like the perfect neighborhood bar! 

However, I am disappointed in the service every time I go. Watching paint dry is a faster process than ordering a cocktail, and the bartenders seem more interested in each other than the customers. I loved the cocktail named "Room service" but I only had time to order one before my bill came at midnight; I showed up at 1030 ... Then, I was charged for 2 drinks on my tab!!! I'm not sure what their hiring standards are, but I've gone to the Yard different times of the day and have been utterly disappointed in the service Every.Single.Time. It really is quite a shame ... If they are going for a hipster version of "Dicks" where they treat everyone like crap as part of the experience, then I wish I would at least get a paper-made hat with a clever saying on it!
Wish we had a place like this in San Diego.  We went on Sunday afternoon and got very good service and food.  While we waited for the food I got to play ping-pong with my son.  The salads were pretty good, burgers look good and the rib dip sandwich that I got was excellent.  The place is so big that I can understand why when it is very crowded service can be slow.  However, just watching all of the nice people and waitresses should make it worth the wait.  The place is very cool with a lot of attention to detail on everything from the sofas to the bathrooms.  Fox Restaurant Concepts really knows how to create beautiful restaurants.
Oh goodness, where to begin?

40 minute wait for outdoor seating. 

Dried food. The chicken literally had a helmet shell. My friend couldn't cut into it. My chicken was also dry. The flavors really are all wrong. 

The only redeeming quality is that the staff is uber nice. So, I would say just fix up the kitchen, or go here if all you want is a wide selection of beer.
Not. Good. The service was inadequate at best and offensively patronizing at worst. Not only did the bartender not know his product, his entire demeanor was condescending and dismissive. We asked how the pilsner was, and being in the industry expected a professional opinion. Instead we were told 'we'll, it's a pilsner, it's just like coors light'. We ignored the bad opinions and reviews of the place, hoping to find something different and the decor was wonderful. It's a great space ruined by poor staff and bad attitude.
I came here to celebrate my birthday (party of 15). When I made the reservation I was told they only have two times of the day and they were inside ( 11am and 6pm). I was not that crazy about being inside, as all the action is in the yard. I made the reservation and soon after we arrived on Sat evening Will advised he could move our entire party outside..woohoo! That made my day! From there on out the rest of the evening was great! The food, drinks and the service was great and we look forward to returning again!
This was the perfect place to celebrate my birthday with a group of friends!  We sat outside and were able to move around and visit.  The atmosphere is fun and the food and drinks are great.  Brittany was a fantastic server!!
Once your inside this is really a fun place! I say this because it's kind of a pain turning in here off of 7th if your heading north, and of course they only have valet. 

Unfortunately, I didn't try any of the food here. I say "unfortunately" because 1) I guess this place is basically Culinary Dropout, which I've never had food from, but I hear is really good! 2) The night I came here was the first time I was drinking in over 5 months (well...drinking more than a single beer, which I had two nights before), so food would have been good. 

This place is huge! The patio is ginormous, and it's a really cool atmosphere. There's tables, couches, fire pits, games, and even a little beer tent, which I took advantage of. It's not that our server was slow (she was just fine). It was just really convenient to walk over to the beer tent and easily get a beer when you want one. Also, this place has a really good beer selection! 

Yes, this place gets crowded (we where here on a Friday), but it's still really fun, and I would totally come back again.
Great concept, we could use something like this in Houston.  Two restaurants with a shared common outdoor recreational space...an adult playground!
I have a love/hate relationship with this place... 

Love: 
1. Drinking + Games = Yes please! 
2. Grilled Cheese sliders :)
3. Happy Hour

Hate: 
1. Getting a table takes an act of God
2. Getting a drink without a table... even worse 
3. No parking.  Valet is pretty much your only option, if its not full... then you're SOL.  

My advice, get there early (Like before 2PM) and stake your claim at a table near the games.  Its the only way to truly enjoy the Yard.
Worst place ever. 6:30pm I tell them party of 15. It is now 8:36....well you have too many people. After 5 people left they could seat us. Don't tell us 7:30pm when you can't sit anyone. The manager is an asshole also. I spoke to him 2 days before coming here and now I'm here and they kept sitting either people before us. Hister fucks here. I use to love this place. Now it's shit. Learn how to run your place instead of sitting everyone else ahead because you dont have 15 seats.
We had dinner three weeks ago, food was good and good portions.  We were able to plat gages and kept our self entertained
This is my kind of place and I plan on coming here frequently!  In fairness, I came on a Monday night, so I still can't say whether the crowd would be too overwhelming or what the service would be like when busy.  I love the menu options (I like to eat the variety of steamed/grilled veggies with some meats and cheeses - perfect!); drinks were good. The service was somewhat slow, but not like I expected after reading reviews.  The staff was very friendly, however, they will NOT make eye contact unless they are going to serve you.  I think that is their way of avoiding having to deal with you until they're ready.  It would come off as far greater service if they simply looked at you, smiled, and held up a finger in a gesture of "1 minute", or actually said "I'll be right with you shortly".  That's all it would have taken to make this experience better.  Very cool vibe, good music, cool people, and the games are awesome!  A great concept!
In all, I was just whelmed. The food was underwhelming and the ambiance was somewhat overwhelming but fun. I had one of their hamburgers and it was meh. The parking was terrible, there is literally no choice but to valet but at least that made it easy. I liked the outdoor seating and the brown bag beer special is fun. I'd go back if someone else chose it but I'm probably unlikely to choose it myself.

I give it four stars because its a fun concept but I just had higher (much higher) hopes for what it could be.
Obsessssed with this place now!!  Can't believe I'd never made it out here until yesterday when I went with a friend!  When we arrived there was a line of cars waiting to valet and the parking lot was full so I was worried it was going to be overcrowded inside and crazy busy.  Much to my surprise, although there were a lot of people inside, the layout is so open and gigantic that it didn't feel like it!  The servers were all SUPER friendly and not in a fake way, they're just really good at their jobs.

Food and drinks did take a little while to arrive but that was to be expected when a place has as many people as The Yard did.The atmosphere of the place is awesome too, just really a chill, fun place to come with friends and hang out.  Can't wait for the next time we go back!
Good place to grab a drink for the younger crowd.  The service was the worst that I have experienced in a long while.  We ate at Lolas.  The food was horrible, the waiter was abrubt and inept, the manager did not seem to have s clue about what was happening in the restaurant.....so many better places to eat.
3.5 stars.

Hh menu is culinary dropout's menu which I like. The atmosphere is a very laid back atmosphere and a great hang out spot! It was lot cuter than I thought. Based on the description of having ping pong and other games, I thought it was going to be grungier but that was not the case!
This place is insaaaaane on weekends. Jesus. Either make a reservation or show up at a decent hour if you'd like to sit down at some point. 

Its a little more on the expensive side. Don't expect a cheap night here. 

I ordered the pretzels and fondue for the table and that was well worth it. Almost too much for a party of 6. Skip out on the artichoke hearts. 

Overall, this place is entirely packed to the brim with people on the weekends; it gets unbearable at times. But it's a good spot if you're looking for madness to jump start your night. 

Our service was fast, efficient, and friendly. One of our dishes got sent to another table at which point the manager comped a meal and gave us a free round of drinks. 

Parking is a B. I had to park at Armstrong McCalls. 

Come prepared, everyone. It's a party.
The yard has a fun atmosphere with an open concept. It was a bit overwhelming at first, but once you sit down and have time to adjust and look around, there's a lot fun to be had.

We stopped in for a quick bite and a quick beer, so my quick review is exactly that. But it was enough for me to want to come back for dinner and try my hand at the bags court!
We had dinner three weeks ago, food was good and good portions.  We were able to plat gages and kept our self entertained
At first glance, walking inside of The Yard is enchanting. The outdoor game area is unique and we had a lot of fun playing games together this afternoon. 

However, I was not at all impressed with how management handles their restaurant. Our server was amazing, but everybody else we dealt with today was rude/aloof (possibly racist?:-( ). If I'm paying premium prices for fish and chips, I expect friendly service from ALL staff and management. Instead of accommodating a large birthday party (of which they were aware would be present well in advance), we were placed in awkward seating arrangements and scolded by management for moving tables to allow more people to sit together. No suggestions or accommodations were offered, we had to advocate for different seating that would be more suitable for our needs in an *empty* restaurant. If the restaurant had been even remotely busy, I could understand why this might be an issue, but the place was practically deserted. What makes me use the "R" word is the fact that another party who had booked in advance had what seemed like very different treatment. Overall the feeling I have about The Yard can be summed up in one word: icky. I get a pit in my stomach thinking about my experience there.  

I expected much, much more from a Fox concept, having been to many of their other restaurants including the sadly defunct Bloom in the Phoenix area. The Yard is not a place I would go back to of my own volition. Dial down the self-importance, align the overall quality of your service to the prices on your menu, and treat all your customers equally. I won't be back unless refusing makes for a socially awkward situation...and then I'm ordering the cheapest thing on the menu and drinking water.
Fun...great service and great food...One of Phoenix's most unique and fun dining destinations.
The fondue with pretzels is amazing! Had the grilled cheese sliders, they are crunchy and tasty :) my new favorite place :)
I am in love with The Yard! When we have a fun guest in town, this has just become our 'go to' place to take them! This particular night was an old fraternity brother from my boyfriends college days. What's better than taking him to The Yard for some good loud fun and a beer in a bag and good bites too. Heck, if he is really feeling like getting nostalgic, there are even bags to play out in .. well, what else, the 'yard', or the big vast patio, where we always opt to sit. We always Uber it here because the drinks are strong and well, drink accordingly, if you plan to drink. I don't much these days, but I still may and this is the place to try out some of your 'vices'. Know that you will likely wait. We have no issues bellying up to the bar. The staff is always friendly and the most we have ever waited is about 35 minutes. It's a great time to socialize and talk. My boyfriend and his frat brother opted for the beer in the bag special, $2, let them relive their college memories for at least a good ten minutes! I stuck with my water and lemon for now because I wanted to have one 'vice' for the evening and sleep well! We have our favorites now at The Yard. We always get the fondue and pretzel balls. If you haven't; you must. I love the deviled eggs too, but not everyone does. So this time we got the house potato chips with the TO die for french onion dip. I had personally not had this app before and it was good; fattening beyond words, when you add the pretzels and fondue, but worth it! NOW I decided I needed a drink. I decided to get out of my wine comfort zone and have a real cocktail. I ordered a mule type of drink called a, Ginger and Mary Ann. A concoction I loved a little too much of Stoli vodka, fruited smash, lime squeeze, and topped with ginger beer. Yum. Yum. But, one is enough. I had the shaved prime rib and a side salad for dinner; heavenly. The prime rib is done just right at medium rare and I am so picky about this, I always ask! I left with half to eat the next day. Must have been those heavenly pretzels, I can't get enough of! I love the vibe and energy of The Yard and it has fast become one of my favorite places in Phoenix. Our friend was a fan too and we were able to put him on his plane back to North Carolina with a full belly and a fun time in the books!
The yard is a great happy hour spot! They've got the right drinks and small plates at the right prices. The meatloaf sandwich is a must try! We sat at the bar, which was really busy, but service was great! 

It's a fun-feeling restaurant. You can see people playing games, and there is lots of open space.
Had heard great things about this place from a few people. I was excited to check it out. Atmosphere was awesome with a lot to keep you occupied. Service at the bar was ok, but encountered many rude employees (mainly the servers). Drinks were way overpriced. It has a big "hipster" vibe. Not my scene. Maybe if the service was better I would have given more stars. Its all about service to me, if I'm gonna be paying 9 bucks for a drink I had better be treated better.
Staff is unfriendly and rude.  It made the entire experience extremely unpleasant.  One of the waitresses walked up to our group and told us we were "suffocating" the tables around us.  We were in shock with how rude the staff treated us and their other customers.  Also note that you have no choice but to park through their complimentary valet.  Further note that if you order something just before happy hour ends at 6 p.m. on Friday, you may not get the happy hour price.  I will not go back.
Drinks are amazing at this place... This place totally has potential to be a 5 star however, service isn't too great... I made a reservation in the picnic area for my husbands birthday initially but somehow  they lost that reservation and allowed our party of 20 to move inside.., I was told we were going to sit together but we were highly disappointed when we were seated at our awkward back to back tables. A couple of friends ordered 2 beers and when they ordered their 3rd, the waitress made them drink water before serving him his 3rd... I had never heard of such a rule. When he confronted her about it, the server went ahead and told my guest that he was a  douche (NOT COOL). Other than the terrible service, we were impressed by the food and drinks, the ambiance is amazing and it is a great place to have a good time with good people!
Damn you! I've been disappointed for the last time. Please don't invite me to the yard. Because I'm likely to turn you down. The only good thing about my last few visits has been the company and the cocktails. My kid really likes the yard, but only because of the ping pong tables. He doesn't really eat. Not that the food sucks or anything but the service is terrible and the wait for a table is always atrocious. By the time we get seated and someone finally comes to take our order I'm usually ready to go. I'm grumpy now just thinking about it. Bah. Humbug.
Grabbed lunch with my husband during a 3 hour layover at the McCarran Airport.  I had a salad and a slice of pepperoni and black olive pizza.  My husband had the pepperoni stromboli and the spaghetti.  We both ordered them as combos, so a soda was included.  Cost was about $10 per combo.  Portion sizes are large, but I think my husband nailed it when he compared the quality of the food to elementary school cafeteria food.  Somehow I remember Sbarro's I've eaten at before to have better food, but not this one.  It is airport food, but I would try someplace else if I had to eat at this airport again.
It gets the job done.  What do you want, it's a Sbarro's.  

If you want something that's different than the traditional pizza, try a stromboli.  Unlike pizza, it's .... okay, it's basically tubular pizza.  But it's good!

My only beef with Sbarro's is really a beef with the food court it's part of:  The iced tea they serve at the fountain is UNDRINKABLE.  I'm taking off a star for it.  I actually had to pour my tea out and drink water, it was so vile.  There were two fountains, and I tried the tea in both places, and it was equally horrible out of both fountains. 

In an era in which even Jack in the Box manages to serve excellent iced tea, you need to up your game, Sbarro's Food Court!
Luckily I hadn't lost all my money at the craps table this time because food at the airport is 2-3 times regular non-airport prices. 

I give this 3-star review because it is expensive but you get the best bang for your buck here! I had a pepperoni Stromboli which was $6.99 and a small fountain drink. Left $11.00 lighter than when I walked in. 

The Stromboli was what I had imagined. Not too terribly flavorful, but my taste buds have been on a while ride this week so I'm sure it was perfectly acceptable when I'm not starving before my flight. 

Could it have been better? Yes. But the workers (wearing Burger King Uniforms) were courteous and upbeat. Although, as I walked around the metal rail to place my order, the lady (thinking that I was probably leaving) said "there is also a Pei Wei down the way if you're looking for something different". Really? Wonder why she offered that option as opposed to others? Since she works here, I'm pretty certain she knows that Sbarro is the end of the line in terms of food. I seriously hope it wasn't because of the color of my skin! Here's to giving Sbarro the benefit of the doubt and to 3-stars.
I gotta say, for an airport pizza joint, i was impresed.  I got a slice of pep with a side special that included 2 garlic bread sticks and a sida for $10.  Food was pretty darn good!   I was skeptical but happily surprised. Minjs 1 star due to a little wait.  Worth stopping in here as i thought the value was worth it.
Visit the sushi place. Freshest sashimi in town. Great portions. Highly recommended. 
Manager is awesome.
Craving good Korean food, but too far from the usual place, so I stopped in here.  They must be nearing the end of a remodeling effort (the front of the plaza was being painted and the food court looks like it's been through some changes...lot of vacant stalls).  The hot tofu spot in the corner was open, so I ordered the bulgogi special.  The hot pot tofu soup was steaming hot (which I love), spicy (another plus), with creamy chunks of tofu, bits of beef.  The bulgogi was sliced nice and thin and while tasty enough, it just wasn't savory.  At first taste of the banchan, I thought maybe my allergies were affecting the ol' taste buds, but none of the banchan were seasoned or even salted correctly, very bland.  The kimchi was crunchy fresh, but seasoning needed to be adjusted and the kongnamul was fine, of course.  Had the ogok bab, the purplish steamed mixed grain rice, way more personality in the taste department than plain steamed white rice.  Overall, I have to give this place 2 stars because things were unfinished and still under construction, plus the flavor of the food was lacking (come on now, that's what sets Korean food apart)!  I will try again some time, maybe by then the food court will be full and there will be other vendor choices.
Ate at Hot Tofu for the second time. #4, tofu soup with pork. Came with a dried fish, three side dishes (bean sprouts, cucumber, cabbage kimchi), and my choice of white or purple rice (purple, duh).

Soup was good, 4/5, lots of meat and the tofu was super creamy. Kimchi and cucumber were not good, I barely touched them. Bean sprouts were okay. Rice was excellent. I didn't eat my fish, just not a fan. Last time I gave it to my boyfriend, but he wasn't with me this time, so I didn't think of telling them to not include it. When the cashier came over to check on me she offered to trade it out for noodles. I declined because I was already full, but I thought out was sweet of her.  :)

For the price and convenience, I would eat here again.
Location:  Inside Greenland's supermarket situated on the NE side of Rainbow and Spring Mtn. Nice exterior decor of distinct Asian elements that can't be missed as you drive north on Rainbow or west on Spring Mtn.

As you walk into the Greenland market, you'll see a nice spread of sweets on the left from a bakery and past it, the food court to the right.  The food court is spacious and presents a great spread and variety of food like Han's Chicken and Pizza with interesting Sweet Potato twist or sushi rolls from other vendors.  There's also the staple Korean BBQ offered by few vendors that is accompanied by side dishes and/or tofu soup with prices that are on average $15 (can be portioned out to 2 meals for me).    

After working in the cold for the last few days, my body was begging for hot soup and notably a spicy one.  So, after previous visits to the food court with no signs of any vendors selling jampong (spicy seafood soup), I was surprise that on this particular shopping visit, I came across a new addition to the food court that served Korean and Chinese dishes.  This was the only food vendor that offered this delectable treat at a great price of $8.95 for a big bowl.  As usual, the bowl contained a generous portion of various seafood ingredients like shrimp and calamari along with side dishes of neon yellow radishes, onions, and black bean paste...and of course the staple kimchi.  However, having tried it at restaurants, I was put off by the fact that they used spaghetti noodle rather than the thick udon like noodles.  For most, it might not have been noticed if they haven't haven't had this frequently, but for me it changed the notion of the soup.  At first taste, it seemed watered down, but after continuous taste of the soup, the heat of the spice started to kick in.  I couldn't complain as much since I was hungry and recovering from a cold and I did happily enjoy the hot & spicy combo of the soup.  I did, however, could care less for the overly fermented kimchi.  

Takeaway: If you want a quick bite of Asian food with great variety this would be the ideal place. Not a very intimidating place to come by yourself, but also more enjoyable with a company of people to be able to eat some of the big family style meals and be apart of the communal spirit of the Asian culture.
COSTCO FOOD COURT IS THE BOMB!

Every time I shop here at Costco, more often then not, I end up eating at the food court. So of course I always end up looking to check in and nada, zip, zilch, nothing! So now for all of you that are reading this, HOORAY! You can check in now! Maybe it will get you some type of badge.

As everybody knows, the Costco Food Court has some of the best tasting food at prices that everybody loves! Let's see, you got your choice of either a Polish or All American Hot Dog that comes with a drink for $1.50! Can I get an AMEN! A Chicken Bake for $2.99, a Toasted Ciabatta Turkey Sandwich for $3.99, and some other items that catch your eye as well like a huge slice of either Cheese, Pepperoni, or Combination pizza for umm......damn I cant remember cuz I only order it for my kids.

Anyways, you guys get what im saying. They have something for everybody and its not too hard on your wallet. I say the price you pay for the membership alone is worth it just for the food court!

The only downfall that irks me is that they only take cash. You would think that since you can pay with either debit or American Express at the front registers that these guys would have the same set up. NOT! Although you can pay for whatever you wanna get at the food court at the front registers is a little better, that still is kind of a hassle.

In the end, I have yet to have a bad experience with the service and food every time I eat here. Imagine a Costco thats 24 hours. Now THATS something to behold! It IS Vegas so you never know. In the meantime, I can always go for a hot dog or turkey sandwich.
99% of the time we stop by eating here after shopping. I always order the Hot Turkey and Provolone sandwich for $3.99 (turkey, provolone, red onions, tomatoes, & pesto on a hot ciabatta roll). Nom nom. 

How can anyone not like Costco food court? Decent food for outrageously cheap prices.  For under $10 I can feed my family of four for lunch. Total WIN! in my book.
Best pizza ever. Nuff said. Prices are cheap and food is good.
Ice cream on a stick, dipped in chocolate and then sprinkled with lots of almonds, love it!!! Big enough to share.
Cheap but decent food.  Good place to eat after shopping(no I don't eat at every sample station multiple times).
I love how everything is cheap. The dollar churros are bomb! The pizza is bomb! The polish sausage is bomb and for $1.50 plus tax. Haha but wait there's more. It comes with a drink! The wait isn't too long quick service. Sometimes it might be hard to find a table to sit at. Or a clean one. Some people are just messy eaters. But other than that good food for cheap!
Fashion Square Food Court has a good representation of all the usual suspects.

* Mexican food: Blue Burrito Grille.  Check!
* Hamburgers: Five Guys.  Check!
* Chinese Asian: Panda Express.  Check!
* Upscale Café: Paradise Bakery.  Check!
* Middle Eastern/Greek: Pita Jungle.  Check!
* Japanese Asian: Sarku.  Check!
* Pizza:  Sbarro.  Check!
* Subs: Subway.  Check!
* Diner food: Johnny Rockets.  Check!

I'm particularly fond of Johnny Rockets and Pita Jungle. They also have a few nearby Mall watering holes, such as: 

* Kona Grill
* Z Tejas Grill
* Yard House
* Modern Steak

They're all pretty good, depending on what you're in the mood for eating and what game is on their big HDTVs.  BTW, the Happy Hours at Z Tejas and Kona are very good!
I only go here when I am craving a chicken stuffed Chile Relleno.  Let me tell you...IT IS ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER HAD!!!  Oh, I eat here at least every few months for the Chile Relleno.  :)  The last time I went to Z Tejas, I went to the patio with my sister where there were some flirts telling us how pretty we are.  If you like more of the social appeal, I would recommend the patio, but if you like more of a romantic or personal appeal, I would recommend eating inside the restaurant.
Friendly lady rang us up for breakfast on the Saturday before St. Patrick's Day. I ordered their cold tuna sandwich and regular coffee. It was quick, considering that almost all our band friends were there buying breakfast before a street parade. Food was okay, coffee was good. Can't really complain. However, having a food court inside a four star hotel in Las Vegas was kind of out of place for me. But I guess that would be my review on the hotel and not this place.
Located inside the Tropicana hotel in Vegas, this is a great place to grab a quick bite.  Among many other items, they serve Pizza by the Slice....which is the perfect snack after a night of partying.  I tried:

Sausage & Pepperoni Pizza Slice
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=ncLdFjaB3a9htYUWuwSnBA#ncLdFjaB3a9htYUWuwSnBA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=FqoARkYIpXtO-GaUmVlafw#FqoARkYIpXtO-GaUmVlafw

Pepperoni & Jalapeño Pizza Slice
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=zHNa_aOLRUtbBBT1pZNXmA#zHNa_aOLRUtbBBT1pZNXmA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/south-beach-food-court-las-vegas?select=E80jurgo3wNlDAd6r3lw2A#E80jurgo3wNlDAd6r3lw2A

Although I asked for my Pizza to be "well done", there was simply too much Cheese and Sauce for them to properly cook it that way.  They tried though.....but it was still very "doughy" and soft....blazing hot though, I had to give it a few min to cool off.

The flavor of the Pizza was OK....the Cheese overwhelmed it a bit.  The Pepperoni was quite small too.

Overall, it's a pretty average Slice of Pizza.

Return Factor - 60%
If you came in through the local's entrance it's past the player's club (take 3 lefts). It's after the Starbucks. Tropicana LV matched our statuses with our M Life cards. Locals eat 25% off.  This place is our favorite local's casino.

I wanted to try 1.50 Locals pizza!  It's truly delicious, espically the dough. My boyfriend had two slices of the Meat Lovers, and I had the White pizza.  Next time I should remember to flash my Gold card for 50%.. Still friendly staff and great food 5 star!

Regular prices.. Slices are $4 plus .75 for each topping.  An entire pizza (18") is $18 but I think it's beats eating at "Secret pizza" in the Cosmopolitan.

Tropicana has Free wifi you can use, " ILOVETROPLV ".
Came back to try their Calzones. The basic calzone has Ricotta, basil & Mozzarella cheese, I added Spinach & Pepperoni.  It was super nice to enjoy something THIS good.  I always order them everytime we're here because they're mouthwatering.  I can wait the 15-20 minutes for a fresh well made calzone any day of the week.

Basic Calzone starts at $9 and it's a $1 for each filling.
I got my first case of food poisoning from this place.   First thing i ate in the day was a slice of veggie pizza and about two hours later i was extremely sick threw up all night, had severe diarrhea, high fever, shivering, and sweat profusely.  I'm just not sure how long those pizzas are sitting there without heat.
$8.50 slices of pizza....yay (lol)
the free Hilton Honors breakfast that I received here included choice of 3 items, and one drink.  It was by far the worst breakfast I have received at a Doubletree anywhere in the world.  I am a Diamond member and spend a considerable amount of time at Hilton properties and was appalled at the level of service here.  

Bagels were probably a frozen bagel, thawed and toasted.  They tasted dry and old.  Bread was fine, but only served with butter...no jam.  Yogurt Parfait was cheap yogurt with some strawberry goop and granola.  Not worth it.  

Save your money and eat elsewhere...
While staying at Tropicana this past weekend, my friends & I decided to try this cafe after spending the day at the pool. Service was decent & food was just ok. However, after a few hours of having our meals 3 of us encountered horrible stomach aches and discomfort. Gladly it didn't get any worse other than feeling grossed out until late night hours. 

Will I recommend this place? Certainly not but maybe someone will have better experience.
$1.50 for a huge hotdog and a drink, you really can't beat that. Also, I enjoy their pizza slices as well. It's a nice lunch just to grab while you are there.
Love the greasy pizza, it's so gooey and delicious! Also the frozen yogurt is delicious and a steal, drinks are cheap and staff is nice
$1.50 for a giant beef hot dog. $10 for some pretty awesome pizza. Gelato, chicken baked, and chicken Caesar salad. Everything is inexpensive and good. You can't beat this place for a quick bite to eat. As always, Costco rules!!!!!! Love this place!
Thanks, person who unnecessarily added this "business" to Yelp.

The Costco food court is a good value but also surprisingly delicious. Their hot turkey and provolone sandwich is great. It has surpassed the chicken bake as my go-to item. The mocha freeze or berry smoothie is a good accompaniment. Of course, the best value is the $1.50 hot dog with 20oz drink. But I can never get myself to settle for that.
This one has gelato! You can't even just get one scoop, you get three for $1.50.  Trust me, you'll be happy you got the push to get two more scoops.
For all of the reasons to step foot inside Costco, their food court ranks at the top for me. Costco brings its commitment to service and quality to your stomach!

Great food at awesome prices, you can't go wrong. The $1.50 giant beef hot dog is probably the only hot dog I will ever eat. $2 for a slice of pizza or $10 for a whole pie is a steal. Better ingredients and much larger than anything you will find at Dominos or Pizza Hut. The food court has snacks such 

Be advised - no credit cards, cash only.
If you're at Costco and you're anything like me you're definately hittin up the food court on your way out. The food is is good, not great and cheap as anythin. .50 cent drinks 1.50 polish sausage and drink. There's ice cream, sandwiches pizza and gelato. 
If you have 5 bucks and needed yourself a good meal costco food court doesn't disappoint. The only negative I would assign them is that they're cash only
Seriously, I don't think food can be cheaper than this. My girlfriend, who had never been to Costco before, asked me how they could make this delicious food so cheap. The only thing I could come up with is they are selling it at cost in order to get more people in!

$1.50 for a quarter pound hotdog WITH a fountain drink? Yes please! We couldn't cook dinner cheaper at home unless we were making rice and washing it down with water. 

They also have $10 whole pizza pies, and I'm not talking mini pies like dominos, these are 18 inch pies! With the quality I've experienced in their other items (plus a few other customers on line told me it was very good), I don't see why you'd ever buy a whole pizza anywhere else. 

The most common thing people write about are the ice creams. I grew up with the frozen yoghurt with berry sauce ($1.65 I believe), and they have continually expanded their offerings. Now they have a mocha frozen drink that many said was unbelievable (and looked unbelievable), and they also had gelato! For like 1.50 for 3 HUGE scoops in a waffle cone. After seeing gelato in the Venetian for like 7 bucks a scoop, I practically threw my money at the Costco cashier (who was super friendly). The gelato was also VERY good (surely not as good as what's at the Venetian but at that price who cares?), what I've come to expect from any Kirkland item. 

Lastly they had some interesting items I've never tried purely because they didn't cost 1.50. The beef brisket sandwich looked incredible, not like one of those "looks good in our ad" deals, but when I saw it come out it looked HUGE with a ring around it to keep things nice and clean. Well done. 

If you're late night shopping, and don't feel like cooking, stop here and get some delicious mega cheap food, and wash it down with some gelato!
I have been shopping at Costco in Summerlin for nearly fourteen years and enjoy shopping here.  I have eaten at the food court on a dozen or so occasions.  This past Thursday night at closing (8:30pm) I ordered a hot dog and added mustard and onions.  I was on my back for the next three days with food poisoning.  I went to Urgent Care late Friday afternoon because I was so sick and was prescribed an antibiotic that is given to people with Anthrax along with an anti-nausea medication.  This is day four and I'm finally able to get up and get around, although I am still weak and tired.  I will never again eat at the Costco Food Court in Summerlin (west Las Vegas).
You can't beat this place for the price. Although seating isn't always easy to get, and the line can be long, that lunch bill is kinda awesome. Pizza slices are large, the hot dogs are big, and the cones are a treat. 

Someone at my job ordered 2 large pizzas and picked them up. For only $20 total they were tasty and filling and very large. Not skimpy on the layers of crust, cheese and tomato sauce, making even the plain pizza very satisfying.
This little mall quick restaurant was right by our hotel- and was a nice inexpensive break from most Vegas food. The two people working were very kind despite having no air in 100+ heat which is more than I would be able to give in that heat. The bourbon chicken and orange chicken were good. Fried rice was very bland.
Pluses: quick, good tasting, friendly service
Negatives: seating area was very dirty
I'm staying on the Strip, I need someplace reasonably priced to eat lunch, I don't want to go far, and I want it to be easy to take it back to the room.   Thank you China Max for fulfilling my needs!
U love spicy food and chciken...u gonna love this spot...
Never thought to get fried chicken korean style! Bomb! A must have is the chicken with the Korean sauce on it.
Now you can have the best korean style chicken in vegas! This place has real good food not only chicken but also delicious dessert!!
This chicken place is the bomb! The original sauce is great and the hot sauce was good too. The chicken wing batter was nicely seasoned and cooked well.
I'll keep this short and to the point. I just had bad turkey a few days ago = food poisoning. Came here out of curiosity since I was in the area. I looked at the menu...and saw raw chicken sitting on the counter. GROSS! I don't need another bout of food poisoning so I left. Obviously, the 5-star reviews here are fake. Hide your kids!
Love this place! Been waiting for a Korean chicken restaurant to come to vegas! Well worth the wait.
I ordered Chicken Katsu from Han's Chicken Saturday evening. My family ordered from another establishment a couple minutes before. Their food arrived and was consumed. They were done for almost 10 minutes before my food even came out.

While waiting, I saw a tank top wearing dishwasher spending a lot of time in the Han's Chicken kitchen, there is no way this is sanitary.

My food finally came out... what a disappointment. First of all, I requested no cabbage salad with the meal. I specifically asked for chicken and rice, only. They couldn't even get that simple request handled. Next, I ordered Chicken katsu. Katsu sauce is a ketchup based sauce. I received fried chicken with brown gravy. Their menu states a special sauce, not a gravy. If they gave clear descriptions of what the food offerings are, I could have saved $10 and not ordered food. The gravy is funky tasting and was not appetizing. 

Won't be eating there again, unless I feel adventurous and try one of their pizzas.
I was at the Greenland foodcourt and wanted to try all the spots here since they're all new vendors. I figured I'd start on the right most, and just work my way stall by stall. Now I'm glad I didn't read the reviews before eating or I may have skipped it. 

I got the Korean chicken nugget meal with green onion which comes with miso soup, cabbage salad, white radish, rice. It was a pretty good portion, more than enough. 

The chicken was crispy and didn't get soggy with the sauce, even when I took it home. I chose the soy garlic sauce and it's like kalbi or hawaii soy glaze which was decent, but needed more garlic flavor. There were chunks of sweet potato mixed into the chicken nuggets as well and green onion on the side. It didn't say anywhere it's garnished with sesame seeds and crushed peanuts so if you have a allergy to nuts, you may want to tell them.The white radish was fine, miso is standard, cabbage was fine but they put thousand island which is sort've sweet and I didn't like. 

It took a while to get my food, but I guess I rather it be fresh and made to order than refried frozen nuggets. I would probably eat here again but stick with these nuggets or wings.
Not very spectacular.  Basically just another place to get a bite.

Located in the food court at Greenland (AKA 'Koreatown'), Han's Chicken is a little restaurant serving Korean & Asian fare.  We were just done shopping and were hungry for some dinner but too lazy to think about where to go, we just plopped ourselves down at the food court and decided from there.  Reason we went with Han's Chicken was because of their daily special.  That day they had an actual 'Loco Moco' on deal for $6.95.  Really?  Han's serving some Hawaiian delicacies?  Reluctant to try, I gave in cause the price was right.  The other daily special was Curry Rice with vegetables for $6.95 as well.  We got an order of this too.  After a 15 minute wait our entrees arrived to our table.

Eh...not too special looking.  In fact, on their big, pretty plates our food looked like small portions.  Lots of empty space with our dishes.  Each entrée came with a tiny bowl of 'salad' (basically cut up iceberg lettuce, cabbage and carrots) topped with a light 1000-Island-ish dressing.  This was ok, similar to something you get in a fancy sushi restaurant when you get a side salad.  

Han's Loco Moco was pretty similar to what you see at other local Hawaii joints that serve the same dish.  Hamburger patty, topped with a fried egg, covered in gravy, accompanied with white Calrose rice.  Han's hamburger patty I'm pretty sure was the pre-shaped kind you buy from the warehouse store in bulk, but it was pretty big, about a 1/2 pound I think.  But it was overcooked.  The patty wasn't pink in the middle at all, lending to it being on the dry side.  My fried egg was overcooked as well!  Big no-no.  The egg should still be yolky in the middle so when you break it the egg oozes over your hamburger patty and mixes with the gravy to make a good sauce!  Cooked yolk in the middle makes me a sad camper.  The gravy was probably the powdered kind, little to leave in flavor and substance.  Pretty bland and not much of it.  The little mushrooms looked almost like garnish.  This Loco Moco needed some help, but it was eaten by us anyway since we were hungry.

The Curry Rice wasn't much better.  Basically a big plate, a thin layer of curry with vegetables, topped with a bowl of rice.  The curry wasn't the greatest, not full of deep all-day simmering flavor.  It was likely from the box, as it was on the salty side.  The veggies in it didn't add much to the party, mostly some cut up carrots, celery, and potatoes.  But damn, there were a crapload of onion pieces!  Big chunks of onion.  Now I love onions, but the curry was just swimming with them.  For having no meat in this curry, the onions were overwhelming.  Not my favorite.

Overall a disappointing meal.  I think if we do have Han's Chicken again we will go for their specialty, chicken...and possibly their signature Korean Chicken Wings.  Should have done it this time around!  Lesson learned.