You know you've seen them as you drive by construction sites...it's the snack shack, the roach coach,  it's Ralph's Snack Bar!! 

Ok, so I was a little skeptical when HR sent out an email that Ralph's would start doing daily runs to my building, but I they gave me 2 free Ralph Bucks to spend and I couldn't resist, being the cheapskate that I am. Honestly, we were all waiting to see who ran to the toilet first, but everyone was fine and had really good things to say about the food.

Can someone say yum! My food was awesome with the exception that it was a little salty for me. I got a rice pudding cup and the rolled taco special with rice and beans (it's only $3.50!) and it was really tasty! They also sell Mexican cokes (think the real sugar stuff - no corn syrup here) and all sorts of little snacky treats.

Hit up my parking lot at lunchtime (40th St. & Broadway) if you ever need a Ralph's fix.
My new office by Deer Valley Airport and the food truck drove by for 3 days before I went in for a try.

Pretty darn good.
Had 2 steak tacos (street style) that were very good.  One chicken taco that was tasty, just not really my style.  Will try the pork next.

They have several really great salsas.
Will be eating here a lot!
food very good
The food is pretty good. Prices are pretty good. I generally order the Carne Asada Tacos (I love the red salsa, I could drink it) They are $1.50 each, and 2 is the perfect amount for me.  My only complaint is the guy that takes the money. Sometimes he just seems downright angry, and rude. He REALLY doesn't like you to take more than one salsa, I mean jeeeez man...Relax! I'll pay extra! 
The lady that makes the food is super sweet, and really fast!
***I do have to mention that one time my friend did find a piece of metal in her taco, looked like a staple. That was gross... but apparently not gross enough for me to stop eating there. HA!
Ralph's truck runs by my office in north Scottsdale almost every afternoon. NOTHING can beat the the convenience factor, instead of spending 15 minutes fighting airpark traffic to buy a crappy burger, I just roll out to the back of my building and order some fresh tacos. 

The prices are pretty decent and the food quality is good (but look, it's still got a fast food element to it so we aren't talking gourmet but it's pretty decent!)

The cook and the driver are SUPER NICE and always have a great attitude when I see them. 

If you see them driving around, flag them down for some yummies! :)
One of Ralph's trucks now stops by my office location in Tempe.  They have quality freshly made food for low prices!  Anything from breakfast sandwiches/burritos to lunch and drinks.  I'm impressed with how fast they can make the food.  

They also accept credit cards for at $.50 fee.

They are definitely a big hit at our office!
FREE Cookie Slice for my birthday for signing up for the E-Club!:-)

A little too much frosting and it was stiff so I assume it had been around a day or two.

I prefer Mrs. Fields' myself!
We always have to make a stop here when we are in town!  First of all, it's in an outlet mall.  What's not to like about that?  Secondly, they make these cookies that have M&M stuck in the top of them.  They are moist, delicious and most of all very chocolatey!  Love them!  They have a deal, you can get a bakers dozen for a special price.  They have soda, lemonade, milk, brownies, anything if you need a snack or a refreshing beverage.  There's a lovely woman that works there in the afternoons, maybe later, my husband and I didn't get her name but she was telling us that the staff all calls her "Grandma" which I thought was very sweet.  It sounds like she really knows her Thai food, which I love too!  Because of her special service, we stopped on the way out of town and weren't disappointed by the cookies (since we had eaten all the ones we got the first visit!).  LOVE THIS PLACE!!
COOKIES!!! Back when I was a carb eating machine, I would eat cookies from here without abandon. I've always preferred the thin, slightly crispy yet soft cookies from Great American Cookies over Mrs. Fields. These are the type of cookies that you get from slice and bake dough like you make at home. If that's you type of treat, then this is the place to go. Some of the frosted cookies can be a bit sweet but I've tried almost every variety this place sells and all of them are good (the snickerdoodles, sugar cookies topped with cinnamon-sugar, being the standout flavor). Swing by the food court if you are in the mall and see if you can snag a free sample. They are usually handing out samples of their chocolate chip cookies. If you are lucky enough to encounter a freshly baked batch of cookies coming out of the oven, buy them! You won't regret it!
The Lakefront Cafe is another Union favorite.  Back in my day, it was the type of low-pro venue where you could sit and chat for a while or do some homework.  There were funky booths and tables; the decor had obviously been last updated in the '70's.  Distinct from the generally younger crowd that frequents the next door Rathskeller, this dining room hosts an older crowd, dominated by grad students, faculty, and staff, with a smattering of brave undergrads.  Basically a cafeteria serving hospital-style comfort food (which I happen to like), except for the awesome floor-to-ceiling windows spanning across the entire front of the terraced room offering a 180-degree view of Lake Mendota and north to the distant Middleton hills.  In my waining days in Madison, this old haunt was re-vamped as a mini food court with accent lighting and disappointing results.
Good food, a little pricey, but I love it because I can pay with my Wiscard which is key.  Better selection than the grungy Rathskellar...good soups, salads, chinese, wraps, pizza.....yeah, all that stuff. You are definitely over-paying though. 3 stars.
The terrace is a freaking amazing unique venue home to many killer live shows and days with your vice of choice (beer or ice cream) sitting in the sun.  The only failing grace of the Memorial Union is the disgusting food served at the Lakefront Cafe.  The Chinese place is inedible and will make you nauseated for at least 2 days.  The pizza is bland and often undercooked.  The salad bar is not readily maintained and usually a mess by 12:30... and if you want to wait 15 minutes go ahead and get a disappointing flavorless wrap.  
The Lakefront Cafe does get an A for effort; the design and decor of the Lakefront Cafe is pleasant and perfectly climate controlled. Usually there is plenty of room to sit and tables in which to spread out your books for studying.  Fortunately, you can get something edible elsewhere and bring it to eat here.
The food isn't the best, but it is good and inexpensive, and there's a decent variety in selection, from stir fry, pizza, soups, salads, and wraps. Basically, it's a memorable part of the UW Union.
Love the Lakefront Cafe! There are certain times were it is definitely unintelligent to go, because it can get very crowded.

During the day, this is a pretty common place to meet people - especially for interviews or meetings.

The food can be pricey - but the breakfast is super reasonable and good tasting - simple and good!

There are a variety of types of seating, which is good for different purposes and different sized groups. There are also a lot of electrical sockets - which is key for any area used to study.

I come here every Friday morning, which apparently is when all of the elderly men come to gossip and talk about the old days - they pretty much have a party at 8am - but its really nice that people of all ages come here and take in the beautiful view of the terrace and the (less than clear) lake.
Try $10 (yay, the price makes it tempting) "make your own pizza" if you want to taste undercooked flour. When hot, at least edible. After cooled, disgusting.
Another 1st to Review!

It's Freakin Baskin Robbins people-the original -31 flavors!! Great Ice Cream & Cakes.

E-Club members get a FREE scoop so I tried the NEW sherbert -Triple something with blue raspberry,fruit punch and sour apple!!!

What I got of it -Refreshing and so so good! This is still my favorite ice cream place!!:)
Ice cream shop, always refreshing and the flavors rotate so you don't' get bored.  I enjoy just plano two scoops in a cup, but my husband always gets a Sunday of his making with fruit and nuts and whip cream.  I thought I had the sweet tooth!  This store is always quiet, quick with service and staff is friendly.
I can't resist me some daiquiri ice. Love the stuff and it's one of the only reasons you'll ever find me in a Baskin Robbins. 

We came here for a sweet after our extra savory and delicious meal at Fukumimi. The service was pretty friendly and they keep the shop pretty clean. That's key for me.
Not much to say then good service, good selection and open late.
As good as it gets when I walk in for DAQ ice and it is free!

My free bday scoop expires this weekend, and I was overjoyed to see BR next to Fukumimi Ramen.  Randal R. was shaking his head at my eagerness to do DAQ ice like others do the dew, but I walked in, found DAQ ice immediately and squealed!  The associate asked me if I was ready and I excitedly affirmed and asked for DAQ ice on a cake cone.  Randal R. says cake cones are for kids, but at least that means I don't feel my old age yet!

I got my scoop, she scanned the barcode on my email coupon, and off we went!  He said I moaned with each lick but that is between me and the Daquiri!
I feel like the prices at Baskin Robbins keep increasing for standard ice cream.  Sure it always has that consistant taste no matter where you go, but I'd rather get frozen custard at Luv It or Nielsen's for the same (or cheaper) price with more flavor.

My friend and I went on Sunday and their A/C was out and it happened to be 117 outside.  If I had a choice between here and Coldstone, Coldstone would win easily.
This is strictly a review for their chocolate dipped ice cream cone. I hadn't had one of these since I was little. While shopping last week, my boyfriend ordered one, and after trying a bite, I was basically trying to steal it away from him. Usually I don't eat a big portion of sweets, but damn this treat was yummy. Better than any other chocolate dipped ice cream cone. okay, now I want one. But yeah, this location is great because I tend to stop in whenever it's a hot day and I am shopping at the outlets.
Walked in 15 minutes before they close and two workers  Irwin & Savana say I can only get ice creme cause they are closing.    Then close at 830.    After complaining about it she made me an orange julious out of what she was tossing out.   I watched her make it,  no spit....    Haha.   And NO TIP either
So after shoe shopping at the outlet part we stopped here, I hadnt had an OJ since I was in Colorado a year ago and was soooo excited to see it!! I got the "pina colada" orange Julius and I was totally in Heaven! It was soooo rich and creamy and refreshing! Thats what I needed on that scortcher of a day! It was 5$ and change for a large and worth every penny!!

My son seen the "triple chocoholic" blizzard and since he did a great job at the HOT mall I rewarded him! I got the mini which was 3.99$ and it took a few minutes to get. Our order was up and the guy hands me the blizzard... it was over flowing with ice cream. Others may have felt happy for this, but I was pissed! It was like 100 degrees and my son had it in his hands less than 2 minutes and the blizzard was ALL OVER the place! I was like ughhhh! Now normally having extra blizzard woulda been ok! But since it was hot as balls out and we had to walk to the car I woulda thought the dude woulda just filled it to the top and not over load it! 

We ended up throwing it away after both of us got it all over our white clothing! UGH!  Still it was ok, the OJ I mean. DQ you guys suck! JK! I have lurve for ya!
You know when Las Vegas starts beginning to get hot and humid...You just need to find a place where you can get an ice cold drink because you get thirsty! So we decided to come here for a light berry pomegranate smoothie, which tasted very refreshing and great! I loved that they used Splenda sweetener, instead of, the syrup or other sugars. 

I would definitely recommend coming here when you come to this outlet on a hot and humid day!
This orange Julius is absolutely terrible.  The service is good but the drinks are just overly sweet sugar water.  I always get the strawberry original Julius, and this time was such a disappointment.  I'll never get a drink here ever again.  It's also more expensive than normal. Don't get anything here unless the management makes some changes.
On those hot Vegas spring and summer days when you're shopping at the outdoor Premium Outlets North, this is the perfect stop to grab a smoothie, ice cream or other cool treats. However I'm usually here because the Starbucks line is out of control and sometimes even out the door. Drink service is fast here and I never have to wait too long which is good since I have to get back to work. They don't really have food options here, so expect to stop by only for drinks or treats/desserts.
Location Closed
I love Ricky's Big Philly, but sometimes I see that they are close. Maybe it's the summer hours. I especially love the Tuna sandwiches. Yum!
Here is the thing, the food was mediocre at best. The meat in the cheese steak was to thick and over done along with the mushrooms and onions. I kind of felt like I was eating dog food or a really bad Italian beef. The only good part were the fries and they were just OK. If you want a good cheese steak I suggest you go to Casella's in Scottsdale. I wish I had.
After driving by this place countless times, I finally stopped by today. I eat cheesesteaks maybe twice a year, but I do enjoy a good one.

Well, Ricky's delivers a delicious cheesesteak. In fact, If I were using Corleone's as a competitor, Ricky's would leave them in the dust. The meat is good, and they don't overdo it on the cheese. The highlight, however, is the bread - the best cheesteak bread I've had in the Valley. It's not too soft, and not too hard - it's just right and gave me enough of a grip to make this one of the cleanest-eating cheesesteaks I've ever had.
I recently visited with my Italian friend, Joe. So when he said that the chicken parm sandwich was as good as anything he's had- particularly the sauce-, that carries weight.  We also sampled the burger and cheesesteak, both great.  

Now if they could just work on creating some ambiance.  The place is barren and has the charm of a janitors closet.  But don't let that dissuade you.  The food is splendid, a great lunch option.
I'm a big fan of FIB'S - Fine Italian Beef.  The food is great and the cart brings back memories of time spent in Chicago.  The meatball sub is the best I've ever had and a fellow worker, who's a professed chili hot dog expert says that FIB'S chili dog is the best she's had.

I recently found out that the owner of the cart donates to local homeless shelters quite often.  Wonderful !
Very beautiful area with 8+ food trucks during the lunch rush and lots of benches to enjoy your food on! Surrounded by lovely gothic architecture to look at and tall trees providing shade....it can be a really serene place to relax. Of course sometimes there are events going on here and a random hardcore religious advocate shouting at the crowd.
this cart is either found on library mall or on the capitol square for the farmer's market. I don't know where they're hiding the rest of the time. look for the all-red food cart. 

GREAT breakfast food! the farmer's crepe (i think that's what it's called) is a corn-based crepe with breakfast-burrito ingredients inside, fresh salsa and avocado and everything! savory ingredients with a slightly sweet crepe = yummy combo. 

i think everything here is home-made. including awesome biscuits, which they do breakfast sandwiches on, with a superb horseradish sauce. little bit messy and drippy, but sooo worth it!
Look for that cart at the corner of state street during farmer's market.  This place was rated as one of the top 10 best food carts in the country.  For good reason too, amazing breakfast!  Ingrid buys the best ingredients from around Madison and the farmers market and makes world class street food from her cart.  I love the breakfast sandwiches but when I'm out of town I find myself sometimes thinking about that apple crisp she makes.
Yay!  I went to high school with Ingrid, and had the pleasure of finding out that she and her younger sister were running this food cart one Saturday at the farmer's market.

I've had the banana nutella crepes several times (which were really tasty).  It was really inexpensive and filling too!    I kind of want to try the whole menu all at once because it all looks so delicious!

I'd honestly say this is one of my 3 favorite breakfasts in town.
Delicious. 

Stopped here for breakfast at the Farmer's Market, while everyone else was noshing on fried pastries. I just wanted something fresh and savory...and boy did I get it!

I ordered a crepe with eggs, asparagus, tomato and cheddar...and was blown away by how good it was! It was a bit pricey for morning fare, but it was a HUGE meal, so I knew I wouldn't be needing a lunch. You could totally split one of these, if you could somehow manage that and not make a mess walking around the square.

A must try!
I stopped by during the farmers market and had their biscuit stuffed with eggs mixed with cheese, asparagus and green onions. It was DELICIOUS!
My all-time favorite food cart at the Dane County Farmer's Market.

I vended at the market for a number of years, and Ingrid's egg and meat-stuffed crepes (or her oatmeal) were staples for me on those chilly Saturday mornings.

The crepes aren't super-cheap, but they're large enough to serve as two meals.

They come in both savory versions (stuffed with eggs and your choice of meats and/or veggies) or sweet (different fruit & spice combos, which change seasonally, and are often topped in fresh-whipped cream.)
Jin's has been around for as long as I can remember--I thought it was a late night food cart owned by an Asian man but it actually is the acronym for the first letter of the owner's three sons. A gloriously glutenous late night meal you can't go wrong with.  I personally prefer the catfish in it's all it's fried goodness.  Notoriously popular on campus--seriously go get yours!
This place is infamous.
Once I heard a University of MN-Twin Cities class of 2000 alumnus talking about how he'd driven from Minneapolis to Madison (four hours) basically for a sandwich at Jins - and this conversation was in 2005! 

The previous commenter majorly underestimates - usually on weekends in particular, there was a line between ten to thirty minutes! If not more! Even when it was fricking FREEZING outside, it's Wisconsin! and most people were hammered.
The point is waiting is an experience, since people are so messed up, you'll probably either see a fight or guys hitting on women like asshats or dancing to the 90s rap played by the tv in the window of the trailer. Go sober, the spectacle is something.
Jin's started offering expedited service for an additional $5, you could walk up to the backdoor and get your sandwich next. When you're drunk and don't give a damn, that's a good deal.

A friend of mine at one point was going EVERY SINGLE NIGHT, no lie. To the point where he actually became so familiar with the owner that he GOT A JOB WITH JIN'S, which is ridiculous since, as others have already noted, it's like two people working in a trailer, they really don't need the extra help. Craziness.

Never tried the fish but the chicken is really great.
Granted, once when I'd had a few adult beverages, I ate two and felt like I was about to die...

Where exactly this place is now, or if it will be around in the future, I'm not sure, since they were having issues with the city. I know students hope it'll be around forever.
Line is long during after bar hours.  They got a flat screen with music videos playing while you are waiting in line.  They have a "VIP" where you pay twice the price for the sandwich and you get to skip the line.  Seriously.  The catfish sandwich is perfectly fried with some lettuce, hot sauce and mayo.  Great to soak the alcohol up with.
I had the fish sandwich, minus the hot sauce. I guess that's why I'm giving it only three stars, versus the 4-5 star ratings these folks have posted. I can't handle any hotness, I guess it's because I am so hot already. ;) (sorry for the corny joke!)

The fish itself was fried and not greasy, but it was too salty! 

I much prefer the bacon wrapped hot dogs in the slums of downtown LA. But I can see why people would like this stand. Plus, there's tons of drunk folks doing dumb, drunk shenanigans. (Such as throwing a drunk friend into the huge, disgusting dumpsters in front of the stand.) Free entertainment rules!
Great! Best late night cart in downtown Madison
Greatest late night chicken sandwich ever.

I'm going to wax nostalgic for a second and say that JIN's used to be so much better when it was just chicken out of a trailer.  Nothing else, no rap videos.  Just delicious, unhealthy, delicious fried chicken.

Homecoming 2012, it's on.
If I could these guys would get an extra .5 stars. They were above average for a fast food establishment.

Auntie Anne's was the beacon of happiness in my dreary day at the airport. I spent almost 8 hours waiting for a plane but I was excited that I could justify splurging on junk food because it was my only option. I have to admit I like their pretzels. They're crunchy and buttery on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. My  favorite is the Jalapeno, but skip the cheese sauce. It tastes like plastic. Otherwise... It's cheap for airport food, it's yummy, and the line was looong but I waited less than 5 minutes! Awesome!
Yummy!! Good ol' fashioned terrible for you junk-food always hits the spot before going home after a great vacation. You are depressed, and you need something to fill that void- badly. Auntie Anne's cinnamon-sugar dipped pretzel will do just that. It is greasy, cinnamony, sugary, and all-around DELICIOUS. I don't want to know what is in it and or the calorie information, all I need to know is that it does the trick.
I don't care how good food is, or how much I love a place, it only takes one bad customer service experience to ruin it all. This review goes from bad...to better. I was in Vegas waiting to fly home and decided to take the kiddos for pretzels; plus I needed my sugar fix. I wont get into details but the two girls working were a mess. The one taking my order was confused and seemed to lack customer service skills in a major way. Almost like she was scared of working w/ppl. Wrong job sweetie. The other was preparing food and not dealing with me at all, but kept poking her head in and commenting on what was going on. There was bad communication, I got confused, the cashier was confused and the nosy chic on the side just kept making in worse. Lets just say I paid and walked away in the middle of Ms. Nosy talking. So that's the bad part. The better part is this: I was venting on twitter when I got a msg from Auntie Annes apologizing and asking about my experience. This company is a franchise and that one location will not keep me from visiting others. I wont let them spoil it for me. The tweet from the rep just made me feel better and I was thankful they cared enough to listen. So boo on you Auntie Annes at Vegas Airport! And yay to you Auntie Annes on Twitter!
My rating on this particular location will never change. But I will say this, corporate sent me a wonderful letter and gift card in the mail because of my yucky experience and that made me appreciate the company as a whole. But you Vegas girls need to get with it!
I'm not big on pretzels, but last time I was flying out of Vegas late at night, I grabbed a snack and was pleased when I got two pretzels for the price of one.  This time I went back and didn't get such a deal.  Apparently, they close at 12am, and for the last 15 minutes, they blow out their food for the day.  If you can show, up at 11:45pm and you can get 2 for 1!
Ah, the fresh smell of soft delicious pretzels reminds me of my childhood when mom would bake fresh treats after school. 

A large variety of flavors such as cinnamon sugar, almond (which is my personal favorite), jalapeño, sour cream and onion amongst others, Auntie Anne's is the best place for a no too guilty treat. They have slushies and drinks alone with *gasp* hot dog pretzels. If you're really hungry there are combos with drinks and pretzels, not too pricey for the freshness and the variety. 

They also have a lot of dipping sauces, the caramel goes best with the sweet pretzels whereas the cheese goes good with the savory pretzels. Pretzel sticks are twenty or so cents extra but I think you get more dough and they are easier and less messy to eat.

Kids love em, adults love em, even my dog loves em. Get some!
Since my carb trip was almost over, I had to get the final carb before heading back home.  I got a jalapeno pretzel for my husband and bits of pretzel in a cup for myself.  The jalapeno was super spicy but the pretzel was good.  The person behind the counter could have been a bit more pleasant.
Service is mediocre, but I that won't stop me from coming here. I love the pretzle recipe here. Delish!!
Two pretzel dogs for $7. That's $1 more than the deal at Dulles.

Same quick, fast, friendly service. Watched my brother wolf these two down faster than he did the two from Dulles.
At the airport at 5:30 AM, starving since I haven't eaten in about an hour, and with nothing else open...my choices are slim. There's a Starbucks open but the line was crazy long. So, it's Auntie Anne's Pretzels for breaking the fast.  Customer service was okay, but could be better.  The line was quick, but I was the only one in it. Then there's the food. I got their Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich.  The sandwich was small, greasy, burnt, and did not hit the spot.  The sandwich looked like McDonald's version, but nowhere close to their taste.  Sad when McDonalds is the benchmark.  Good thing I packed some turkey meatballs, chicken breast, and shake for the flight.

I guess I should just stick to what they are known for, which is pretzels.  Not the best choice for meal #2, but it's still food.  First time ever eating from Auntie Anne's Pretzels and was little disappointed. Still giving them 3 stars because its basically fast food and you get what you pay for.
Wonderful in two visits: Perfectly hot and fresh with just the right amount of butter and salt. And noteworthily pleasant service!
I was looking for some vegan friendly spots in the airport and found out that anne's pretzel dough is free of animal products.  
The catch, however, is that most of the pretzels served here are drenched in butter.  They may have some straight from the oven that haven't been buttered yet, but other than that, most items are glazed before sale.  

Besides that disappointment, service is pretty crappy and prices are inflated, of course.

Try to bring your own snacks to the airport if you can.
I do like the cinnamon sugar pretzels and the bites and the pretzel dogs.  This time the bites were a bit over cooked or sat around too long as they were chewy in a bad way.  Taste was okay, texture not, calories definitely not.
Ew.

It was 11pm and I was waiting to take my red-eye flight home.  I hadn't eaten in who knows how many hours.  I was so excited when I saw Auntie Anne's.  I wanted a warm, soft, salty pretzel with cheese sauce.  It was going to be glorious.

What I got was a room temperature, not very soft, not very salty pretzel with a pre-packaged cheese sauce that when opened was the most rancid-looking cheese I've ever seen.  It had separated and had this oily, congealed texture.  I really wanted cheese sauce so I gathered up all my luggage and trekked it back up there.  I showed them the cheese sauce and I asked "is this how it's supposed to look?"  The girl made a face and handed me another one.  I checked the new one.  Ew.  Same thing.  She gave me a third one.   This one didn't look as bad but it didn't look that good either.  I debated whether I should give this one a go and asked for sweet mustard as a back-up.

Go back to my gate and get settled in.  I try both of the sauces.  Double ew.  They're just gross.  Even the sweet mustard which I'd think it'd be hard to mess up tasted too sweet and yet, bitter.

In conclusion, ew.  http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6qwn19mI31qkmqj8o1_500.gif
The only thing I can say is average and pretty much the same as any other mall pretzel establishment. I asked for mustard and received a strange response from the girl working the register. She says "mustard? On a pretzel?  Eweue...  I only like mustard on the 'dogs". The funny part was the unusually large canister of mustard packets was nearing empty. They could apply more butter and a bit dry but it's in an airport and poop tastes good if it's prepared right.
4 stars because when my gf and I were waiting at the airport, we were craving pretzels. Not only that but they were still fresh even at the end of the night! We even got it buy one get one free since they were about to close. So soft, luscious, and love all the cinnamon sugars on it!
Jalapeño Pretzel with salsa cheese dip is a must try here. Pretzels are the best when they are fresh out of the oven. The staff is usually pretty good about letting you know if it's fresh or not.
What is not to love about pretzels! Especially these. The new jalapeño with cheese is so yummy!
Great sweet potato casserole & ribs. Friendly people who love to bbq.

sauce is a little sweet for my taste but they put it on the side so thats good.

I only had the opportunity to try their goods at the 1st annual Charity BBQ Battle.

I voted them for best side dish.
Believe the hype - it may just be a food truck, but Top Notch Barbeque is a legitimate BBQ game-changer in Vegas, with the potential to do for que what Slider Truck did for burgers. 

The Las Vegas Weekly just recognized them (rightly) as the best BBQ in Vegas, which is a refreshing change of pace in a city that insists on bowing at the overrated altars of flavorless Famous Dave's or jerky-tough Memphis Championship.

The thing to order here is the pulled pork sandwich topped with Cincinnati chili. It's like two of my favorite foods ever made a delicious baby. Served on a crispy toasted bun, the sandwich is a brilliant "why-didn't-somebody-think-of-it-sooner?" pairing of rich, smoky (apple and pecan wood, I think?) and impossibly juicy pork shoulder and just a touch of sweet, spicy Cincy chili. Honestly the pork is a little more chopped than pulled, and while I generally prefer the latter, this is perfection. Especially when contrasted with the relatively thin texture of the chili, which is a perfect example of the unique, cinnamon-centric regional favorite. The only other spot in Vegas serving Cincy chili is Egg and I/Egg Works, and to be honest I find their chili to be overly sweet and a little dry in comparison. But this? The real deal.

The only other meat I've had there is their hot link, which is juicy with a nice snap - I wish I had ordered it with the chili. Their potato salad is the only side that I've had, and it's superb. I've heard many good things about their sweet potato casserole and baked beans and definitely look forward to trying them.

Their sauce comes in mild and spicy; as is custom I opted for the hot. Which actually had a fair amount of bite - a rare thing for me to say about anyone's BBQ sauce.

A word must be said about the service. Pitmaster Jimmy Cole is welcoming, outgoing, energetic and friendly - and his passion for what he does comes shining through.

I just wish they'd sell the chili on its own. Because I would put that on everything.
As a long-time dweller of one of the best barbeque cities in the world (Memphis, TN.), I regularly frequented the Memphis-in-May festival's BBQ Championship.  Top Notch would be a seriously competitor.

For the past 12 years, dreams of "barking" dry ribs and sweet pulled-pork turned into nightmares as, one-by-one, chain BBQ joints sold leather and shoe lace masquerading as "authentic" Memphis-style BBQ.  Top Notch does it right understanding that "dry ribs" are an art form derived from perfectly blended spices, fruit-wood smoke and, at most, a scant amount of cider vinegar to salve the sweating pig.  The sauce I tried was not showy and complemented pork perfection, rather than attempting to cloak dry, under-cooked meat as is typical of many "sauce-based" chains.

Knowing how good the meat was, I would have still given 4 stars had Top Notch tripped on the sides, but they pulled through for 5 with great service and a sweet and crunchy (from a brown sugar, pecan topping) sweet potato casserole, which was practically a souffle, and a creamy potato salad.  I even enjoyed the Texas Toast, which was an adequate shovel for scarfing the last remnants of shredded pork and sauce.

Next time (read: Tomorrow), I will definitely indulge in the Cincinnati Chili - I hope to convince the owners to boil some pasta soon and serve up a 3-way, smothered in shredded cheese.  In any case, Ohio's loss is Las Vegas's gain when it comes to Top Notch Barbeque!
Went to the new one on Eastern in Henderson.  Not good at all!  Texas toast only toasted on one side.  Had a BBQ Sandwich which consisted of soggy Texas toast, pickles an onions on the side and two tough rib bones with BBQ sauce on top.  Really?  And they are trying to charge Lucille prices!  They plaster this special deal on their window and it is nowhere on their menu.  You have to ask about it.  Then, this is what you get.  So glad I didn't spend more.  I don't mind spending 80 bucks at Lucilles, but not here.  Never again.
After trying their ribs once as take-out, I was impressed enough to return for a meal in the restaurant. The reviews that I read here complained about their service mostly but I must say that Liz was covering the tables like a blanket. Her helper served us our drinks as soon as we sat down. Liz came to give us the menu and left us alone for a few minutes. Then she was there to take the order. The food came within 10-15 min and the owner came to make sure everything was OK. During our meal, Liz was there at least 3 times to see if we needed anything. I do not know what else one can expect in terms of service in any restaurant. As for their ribs, they were SUPERB, by far better than the famous chains and definitely up there with Rollins, if not better. The sides were very good as well. If you are worry about your weight, do not order the best side dish they have. That would be the sweet potato casserole. The cole slaw and french fries were a little better than average. There is no attampt to create any atmosphere here. The emphasis is food and it is very good. Their recent nomination as the best ribs in town is well deserved. They also deserve more clients to make sure that they stay open in Henderson for me :).
this is the food cart that run's out of charlies, the gay bar in phoenix.

charlie's always seems like a reasonable place to go for afterhours on friday and saturday nights, but i don't go to dance. i got to eat the supreme drunken binge snack offered in phoenix: the super mega nacho.

they load a snack box full of round yellow corn tortilla chips with gooey good nacho cheese, fresh carne asada, lettuce, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo, and top it with a dumptruck's worth of jalepeno's.

their street tacos are only a dollar each and are bite-sized bits of mexican goodness. their quesadillas huge and generously loaded with either carne asada or chicken. everything is prepared from start to finish right in front of you. it's cash only and they even have sodas and water for you. you can either order inside the bar or outside around the corner (which i suggest, it's quicker) so you can get your drunk food fix without being caught in a gay cowboy bar by anyone that might suspect you're not all that straight..
The only thing that would improve this taco trailer would be a concrete definition of the hours at which I can patronize them.  Patronize is of course intended to signify a giving of business, not a stating of "Oh, hey there champ, it's ok, you can do better next time."  Essentially, they offer chicken and carne asada, with three basic preparations: Tacos for $1 a piece, burritos for $5, and Quesadillas for $7.  There is also a burger and a hot dog,  but come on, is that why you are here? If you order one of the meats, it comes off the grill, and you get to watch them chop it up with a crazy knife, on what appears to be a well-worn tree stump.  You definitely want to order "with everything"  and an horchata to drink is also the course of wisdom.  Final note: the people watching is amazing, in addition to the almost cartoonishly cowboy-looking dudes, I had a random guy who parked in the front wearing an FBI (Federal Boobie Inspector) shirt and raced off as soon as possible when his food was ready.  Wouldn't want anyone thinking your love of the Charlie's taco made you...sexually ambiguous?
Honestly, this is some of the best mexican food in town!

It's connected to a gay bar Charlies and homo's are not going to eat half rate food...so needless to say it's amazing. Gay, Bi, Straight, Tranny....it doesn't matter, everyone is welcome!

Suggestions: Chicken or Steak Quesadilla, Nachos, Bean Burro

Go....go now!
I had never heard of this place, but after following my friend to Charlie's one night, this foodie friend of mine mentioned that a well-known local chef said this was one of his favorite places to go.  With his stamp of approval, I immediately jaywalked from the lightrail stop at 7th Ave over to this goofy looking van with a "CARNE ASADA" sign in the window.  Don't worry - the food is not actually served out of this van, of which I had accidentally given my mother the impression. There was a small line, but the small assembly line of taco-makers are very speedy, so the whole experience only took about 15 minutes.  We ordered the carne asada tacos, which were $1 a piece, with everything on them (salsa, cabbage, and sour cream).  I am always skeptical of hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints, as I got deathly ill after (my one and only) trip to Filiberto's, but I truly enjoyed these tacos (and my stomach did not reject them.. yay).  I think they are only open Thursday through Saturday, but I am not positive.  My boyfriend and I live down the street and went back the other night, and had another great experience.  There are a couple picnic benches for customers to eat at, but as we were not in the mood for this type of atmosphere, we took the tacos to-go and they were just as yummy to go!
I love food stands. More importantly- I love food stands conveniently located outside one of the coolest gay bars in town.

While I'm not a frequent visitor of Charlie's the cowboy gay bar, my brother is. And while he's trying to find his designated buyer for the night, I'm usually standing in line for tacos. 

You can order food from inside Charlies. They open a door/gate where you can give the nice lady your order and voila... tacos! You can't order any drinks from here though, its an agreement they have with Charlies so don't even try!

The food is way cheap. $1 tacos, $4 burritos, nachos, $3 quesadillas and the food is grilled right there! You can eat by the stand if you want. There are benches and heat lamps for the winter nights.

I drool everytime I'm in line, smelling the carne asada and pollo on the grill. The place is clean and I even if it weren't I would still eat it!

Don't forget that its cash only and if you're planning on going back to Charlies, make sure you make it back there before midnight or else cover charges are in full effect. But if you can't make it back into the club, you can always eat yourself crazy at this taco stand.
Yay for street food! And this one of my favorites in Phoenix. Food is served out of a kitchen trailer behind Charlie's ... cheap, very tasty food, including the best carne asada I've ever had from a commercial source. I had a chance to try even more of their great food at the appreciation gathering for the 2009 Pride Volunteers. It was fitting that Phoenix Pride chose them to cater the event; helping to set up Pride and making it run smoothly was hard work but a lot of fun, and this was a delicious way to cap the event.
Well finally a place that reminds me of my country!!! Street TACOS!!!! Had a family member that lives around the corner from the place that told me and the wifey about it. 
Great place to go eat late at night, made fresh to order right in front of your FACE! We ordered a Carne asada burrito, AWESOME!! Asada Quesadilla HUGE and yummy!! And a couple of Asada and chicken tacos, great taste. 
Only thing is that i wish they had more of a meat variety. But all in all this place ROCKS!!!! 
Going there tonight again with the Wifey for some good ASS tacos!!!!

If you love Authentic Street tacos this place is for you, Go ahead and give it a try!!!
$1 tacos, cant beat that!!

By the way bring cash, dont think they have a credit card machine!, LOL
I'm so glad to see this 'place' on yelp!  It's a hidden gem you can only get on the weekend evenings.  It's conveniently directly across from the LightRail stop @ Camelback and 7th Ave.  

It's basic menu makes it easy to choose something good after many hours of drinking.  Especially if you aren't sure if you intentionally or inadvertently ended up inside Charlie's and line danced with gay men in cowboy hats all night.

Also I love their Horchata (Cinnamon Rice Milk) - it's especially wonderful on a hot Arizona night.
I just don't know what happened! This was one of the best kept secrets in Phoenix and now it's completely MIA. La Parilla Villa was home to the best street tacos in all of Phoenix. It was simple, consistently delicious and tacos were only $1! They were only open on the weekends and were located right outside of Charlie's, but the truck is gone and has yet to return. I am saddened...
As of this weekend, LPV is officially back.  It looks as though they've been forced to stay in their truck, so you won't see the guys grilling outside anymore.  Don't worry, the food is just as good as always.  I've been told they will be back Thursday-Saturday 8pm-4am, and Sundays from 5pm-2am.  Thank God!

Seriously, this is some of the best food in Phoenix.  Cheap, hearty, and delicious!
Just when I think that I've finally figured out where my favorite Taco Shop is, Taqueria Yaqui jumps in and has to throw all my game off.  

This place is AMAZING.  The meat is some of the best I've had, juicy and tender, fair prices, they take CREDIT, always fun to people watch, and to think that I found this place by accidentally taking the light rail one extra stop to 7th Ave and Camelback rather than Central.  

I will be getting my exercise thanks to this place, and the long drunken walks from Rosie's down the street.
Best carne asada in the valley!  These tacos taste just like the ones in Rocky Point. The line can get long, but the food is awesome and the prices are great!
I'm am just updating since they are open, and my review before is now outdated.

Simply put:

Best street tacos in Phoenix. Hands down.
The best mexican food you could ask for after a night of deep debauchery at Charlie's. The Carne Asada Burrito is delicious enough to entice me out of my usual veggie diet.
by far the best street tacos in town, maybe anywhere, think ill go there now
Carne Asada Burrito is top-notch!! Their tacos are awesome too. It's basically a food truck with tables under an awning in the parking lot of Charlies Bar. Nice employees, good food, can get extremely busy so be prepared to wait at peak times. Highly recommend.
Best carne asada tacos in AZ. The mulitas are crazy good too. Best taco spot in AZ hands down.
There has never, in the history of food carts, been a cart with more fresh ingredients, more food for your money, and more flavor.  Everything on the menu, including the homemade peanut butter cups, is vegan.  Before you stop reading, however, it should be known that I have never given vegan food a chance before this cart because I didn't think it could be this flavorful, this savory, and this phenomenal.  If you want to discover how certain ingredients can taste better than you've ever dreamed (chickpeas? I thought they were boring until Dandelion....), definitely stop by this bright green food cart.  

All meals are under $7 and well worth it.  It's definitely time to get away from all the burrito carts around the Capital Loop and try something that won't leave you feeling too sick to work after lunch.  Open about 11am-1:30pm Monday-Friday, but sometimes the owner has a hard time keeping exactly with this schedule as he cooks full-time at a Willy St. restaurant and supports a family.
And so I finally bagged the elusive white whale of the vegetarian world in Madison. I had attempted to eat at Dandelion Food Cart on at least five or six separate occasions over the last year or two, but I was always either too late, or had come on a day that it's not open (it's only open Tuesday-Thursday, 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.).

The owner graciously prepared a potato-tofu wrap for me (vegan, of course, by my specification), even though he'd technically already closed for the day (as usual, I was barely late). He also gave me a peanut butter chocolate cup on the house.

The wrap ($6.25) was excellent: super-fresh, filling and flavorful. It was full of tofu, spinach (or was it kale?), a creamy dressing, potatoes, black eyed beans and other vegetables. It also came with a side of tortilla chips. The wrap/burrito was spicy without being overpowering, and felt like comfort food. I can't wait to try another dish from Dandelion.

The chocolate peanut butter cup was also amazing. It had a rich chocolate flavor and the peanut butter inside was some of the creamiest I've ever tasted.

My only gripe is that this being a food cart, you're forced to eat outside (unless you have an office or apartment to go to, which I don't, as I'm always just passing through Madison). There's no shortage of benches and open space where you can sit and eat in downtown Madison, but be prepared to be bothered by a constant stream of buses and more than a few panhandlers.
Normally I'm a passive yelp consumer but today I had to log in and write a review for this food cart.  I got a tofu wrap today and it is one of the most delicious things I've eaten in awhile.  It has kale, beans, onions, tomatoes, rice, creamy artichoke spread, tofu, and some other yummy spices that I can't identify but am enjoying. This is not feel bad for yourself because you're not eating meat for lunch vegetarian food.  This is comfort food at its best, but also healthy and as big as your head.  Side note: the cart has moved to library mall.  Go seek it out and don't get side tracked by the other food carts. Put on your blinders and head straight for this place, you won't regret it.
LOVE!  I got the vegan Reuben and it was delicious.  Freshly made right in front of me (therefore not the quickest cart, but not slow either).  It was overflowing with perfectly seasoned mushrooms and (I believe) jackfruit, thousand island dressing and sauerkraut.  I wish they had slightly better transport (everything is packed into a small open-air fry basket), as I take my items that I get at library mall for a slight walk before sitting down to eat, but that's okay. The sandwiches all come with vinegar coleslaw and tortilla chips. I also got a vegan peanut butter cup that was quite yummy.  Overall, highly recommended.  The food was fresh and delicious.
FREE Lemonade Mixer from @AuntieAnnes on @twitter. Thanks!:-)

I tried the Watermelonade and it was just as refreshing as it sounds.

My Favorite Pretzel place-you have to try their NEW pepperoni pizza pretzel with marinara!!

A change from that  old slice of pizza.

Be Sure to Sign up on their website for Pretzel Perks to get FREE stuff,Coupons & other special offers.
Yummy and delicious quick snack while shopping.
This food snob (moi) came back for more... 

Mamita's is more like a food truck parked in some parking lot - it must be a sister truck to Mamacita's at 611 Fremont... but i have no experience there... 

My friend Julie - who is a devoted fan of the Taco Zone truck in L.A. made a beeline for this truck when we walked out of the Griffin.  

Me?
eat from a food truck?  
let me see the "salsa" station... 
Plentiful & fresh
let me see your plate...
looks good. 
Prices? 
Cheap!  

Taco Asada $2.00
Burritos $5.00

un taco asada, por favor!
got my taco with extra cilantro and no onion - and it was perfect! 
either that or i was drunk.  

but it was the best little meal i could have wanted at that moment.

"Julie, want to go for another taco?"

she bee-lined it back to the truck - apparently she didn't need convincing...

mmmm asada...
zowie!   this is as good as it gets for NV.   i'm from san diego & the cuban was the best cuban i've had. cuban sandwich above average.  chrochetas better than habana's(a closed restaurant in sd).  tasty/quality yucca con mojo.  they have those awesome home-made/fried tortilla chips & excellent salsa. some of the portions are smaller than i prefer, but prices are great & outstanding quality.  i sampled a bud's mexican tamale & it can compete w/many tasty mexican joints in san diego CA.  we were the only white dudes there(a sign that this place is the real deal & where local latinos go).   i'll be back  primas!
went solo 4-12-10 & had another good experience as i got a huge mexican combo plate . going back mid-May to sample more cuban.
Really good food but it takes a little long to get. Will defiantly go there again
"Tortilla with cheese, meat, or vegetables" -- Jim Gaffigan

If you are looking for a great mexican joint, nothing upscale, just good tasting traditional mexican restuarant food this is your place.
I came to this restaurant hoping that their Mexican food was better than their Cuban food, because they're not good at cooking it. The papa rellena was salty, the ground beef used for the filling was really greasy. Their black beans were flavorless, the platano frito was unevenly cooked, and the bread on the Cuban sandwich was burnt. It seems like they half-assed everything.   
Nevertheless, I never found out if they could make good Mexican food, because the two empty headed waitresses that work on a Saturday night seemed oblivious to the fact  that  I was still waiting for my order to be taken. I was in plain view(menu on the table) and one walked by me. After feeling that my time had been wasted enough, I left.  
I am only giving them two stars because I liked their salsa and chips, and the vibrant decor of the restaurant.  I dislike posting negative reviews, but  this place upsetted me.
If I could regurgitate that meal I would! I have passed by this place a million times and thought , 'oh this looks appetizing'. Not only was it not appetizing, but it was the most flavorless food I have tasted since English Pub fare! Mamita's touts itself as authentic Mexican and Cuban Cuisine but it's swill. I chose the Masa de Puerco Fritas and the meat was nothing but fat chunks. There was hardly any meat on my plate and the meat that was there was super dry. The onions were over cooked and they even had the nerve to placed wilted lettuce on my plate. They forgot my black beans and when the waitress finally brought them, I took one bite and spit them out. They had so much cumin in them it was inedible. The waitresses seemed uninterested in doing a good job and it pained my party and I to even leave any kind of tip. After much discussion, we left less than 10% of our bill for every time we had to ask for the same thing over and over, every time we had to spit something inedible back on our plate, and the general disgusting atmosphere of the entire establishment. I decided the only reason this place ever received any good reviews is because the person or persons were intoxicated and didn't know any better. But I was completely sober and as God as my witness, I will not patronize that place again even if I am drunk and that is the last place open!
Both my husband and I really enjoyed our meals at this kitschy Mexican eatery. It was more authentic than most of our Mexican food options in New England
Great.  What a blessing from being trapped on the Strip.  And they do have liquor, not just beer and wine.  Big portions.  TWO salsas with your chips.  big menu.  Tasty.  Went twice.
Only O.K.  Carnitas plate tasty. My wife's chile relleno was so-so. Waitress forgot to bring our guacamole. Domestic beer $5/bottle. Tortilla chips were commercially made but the two salsas were tasty. Asked the waitress about the Cuban food - she said it was the same as the Mexican food but with garlic.  We did not try any Cuban. Not worth a second visit.
big fan here. i never eat alone. except here. after long nights of boozin downtown i will stop in here for some grub before i go home.  sometime before i start too. and theres usually some entertaining characters to stare at or listen to.
Enjoyable place to eat mexican/cuban food in downtown. Good food, good ambiance and cheap prices.
Mamita's is a place that offers pleasant neglect. Our waitress was obviously new and that played a part in our spotty service. When she had time she refilled our chips frequently. No drinks were refilled throughout our dinner and the table was only set after we got our food. 

The food is ok. Nothing spectacular. The combos are cheap at under $10 a plate and the food is plentiful. Most of the Cuban plates came with rice, black beans, and plantains. The rice was under cooked and not fluffy. The beans were good. The copious amount of plantains were a godsend. I was not super hungry so I just shared a bit of my friends' plates and an order of the Yucca Con Mojo. I was probably the happiest with the side items. 

The best part about Mamita's is their video dj. They play a mix of 80's-90's music and it is stuff you have not heard in ages. The atmosphere is a mixture of club and restaurant. People will get up in the middle of the meal and start dancing. There is no hate, because when your jam comes on, it is hard to contain it.
If I could give this place Zero stars or less I would. This is THE WORST SERVICE I have EVER had in my entire life. We did not get our drinks until we asked for them and then had to ask again for them several times the waitress didn't give us place settings we actually had to go over to one of the tables and get them. I specifically said that I was vegetarian and got a dish with pork fat in it and to top it all off my husband waited AN HOUR AND A HALF to get a bowl of black bean soup to which when he brought it to the attention of the staff they accused him of lying and then said it hadn't been that long and it took so long because they originally got him a small bowl and had to remake it. I was half way through my food when he hadn't even gotten ANY food yet. Asked to speak to a manager about our concerns manager doesn't speak English so it was pointless to which they offered a 20% discount I said make it 40% at least. We left EXACT change and are NEVER coming back again. If you want atrocious service this is your place. I'll find elsewhere. These people should really learn how to serve. Horrid!
LOVED MAMITAS! An easy walk from the Golden Nugget. They took our party of 12 without complaint or reservations (we started out with 5 of us then other friends joined us last minute) arriving around 5:30pm on a Sunday. We were brought LOTS of yummy salsa/chips and our drinks right away. The food service may have been a little slow because there was only 2 waitresses but the fun 70's/80's videos and the March Madness bball games on another big flat screen TV made it such an entertaining wait. The waitress even grabbed my boyfriend to go dance under the disco lights! Everyone enjoyed their food and the price was right on. The birthday girl got a free dessert and the employees sang happy birthday to her. The only reason for 4 star is the bathroom wasn't the best. SUPER FUN!
Shut down by the Health department on April 5th because of 52 demerits.

"Inspectors found spoiled and contaminated food, food that wasn't properly cooled, food stored at improper temperatures and so much more. Even the thermometers weren't working properly and the restaurant's previous grade cards weren't visible." 

This would make me very worried about any future visits while downtown and very glad that my few previous visits didn't end badly.
First time at Mamita's today - even though we've walked by it a million times.  Yeah - they were recently shut down for Health Department violations, but seriously is there any better time to eat at place than right after getting their license reinstated?  At least you know it's now up to snuff! Besides, we're pretty fearless eaters...so onward!

The menu was surprisingly HUGE!  Cuban and Mexican and American dishes - oh my!  After looking it over for a few minutes, I initially felt that the prices were a little high.  It was the first hot day of the year at lunchtime and I wasn't in the mood for completely stuffing myself silly, so I ordered the Tostada with Camarones a la carte.  When it arrived, it was a nicely prepared fresh tostada consisting of a crispy corn tortilla topped with a MOUND of good sized shrimp with chopped onions and cilantro.  It was served with a slice of lemon, but I think I would have preferred lime.  The waitress offered a bottle of Tapatio which spiced it up nicely.

My husband companion got the chicken fajita tacos with rice and beans.  Definitely NOT what you're thinking.  The "tacos" were really 10" flour tortillas stuffed with a mixture of primarily spiced chicken with some onions and bell peppers tossed in.  The ratio of chicken to veggies was great, not mostly veggies like some local restaurants.  Chicken seemed of good quality as well.  

Service was a little, um, "relaxed", but so were we so we didn't find it annoying.  We chatted with the waitress (whom I assume is either one of the owners or someone who has worked there a long time) and she said they've been there for 14 years.  I definitely give them props for sticking it out on East Fremont through some down-trodden years.  I really hope they stick around to reap the benefits of being at the center of the new hipster haven the FEED has become.
This is a great MEX/Cuban restaurant just a few feet East of The Fremont Street Experience. Food was excellent and served in a cozy little spot. Visited for a late lunch and will be going back for more soon.
Eeek - I didn't know that Mamita's/Mamacita's was closed by the health department recently or I might not have eaten there! They must have cleaned up their act because they were open for business and about half full on May 12th.
Nobody seems to know exactly what the name is, including the restaurant itself, so I will post this review under Mamita's, which is what the sign says outside.
Overall, the food is decent and very well-priced. Chips and salsa are really important to me at a family-style Mexican joint like this, and Mamita's c&s were really good. They have both Mexican & Cuban food, but my party of 4 stuck to the Mexican side, so I can't comment on the Cuban. Taquitos, 'mexican-style' tacos (that means onions, cilantro, meat on soft tortillas vs 'american-style' which have cheese, lettuce, and meat in a deep-fried tortilla), and quesadillas were all good. 
Bonus for the random Mexican music videos they have playing on a large TV.
YIKES!!! I had no idea that they were in the middle of a political fight with food carts AND that they were closed down not too long ago by the health department. 
http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2012/04/10/mamitas-stays-closed-after-health-district-reinspection.php

This was one of those -let's be spontaneous moments. Just makes me realize that I need to stay on top of my restaurant research and not just take a chance!

Anyway I had their shrimp dish with garlic. She brings me pollo.. I have her take it back and she brings me the shrimp dish. The shrimp must have been in the sauce for 10 minutes - totally overcooked.. Yikes I say again!  

We had stepped out from the yelp event to have a looksee in the funky neighborhood and the Mamitas/CUBAN neon sign drug me right over there.  When we got inside it reminded me of some of the mexican restaurant dives in Portland and that's a good thing. I should have realized that there were mostly only white faces eating their food and stepped back out though.
I have walked by this joint a million times, and always wanted to check it out because of its Dia-de-los-Muertos-on-steroids decor. I normally go for atmo over food quality anyway, so I wasn't too concerned with reading any of the other reviews here.

The chief complaints regarding this place seem to concern the cleanliness and the service/attitude.So let me address both.

Apparently, the place was closed down by the health dept. recently for having 52 health code violations (!). I might not have dared to eat here had I known this...but as it was, I have been here twice and had the chicken fajita tacos both times: once Mexican, and once Cuban-style. Both times they were way above average! The veggies were fresh and ginormous and delicious, the chicken was well spiced and succulent, and the accoutrements (rice, beans, etc) were average. 

On both my visits, my friends had the chimichanga. One friend loved it, the other one said Meh. 

The chips and salsa were pretty good, but they're stingy with them and only give you one little basket for free. The guacamole was kinda eh, but with all the other food, I didn't even notice, And the place LOOKED really clean, so who knows?!

As for the service, on my 1st visit we were one of only three tables in there at the time, and service was fine. But on my second visit, it was busier, and it took about 45 minutes for them to get our food out. And all that time, they were too cheap-assed to give us more chips. LAME!

All in all, the servuce sucks, the food is OK, and the atmo is GREAT: crazy decor and amazing retro 80s music videos playing on a big screen TV while you eat. 

Other reviews also mention Mamita's hater-ish attitude toward food trucks...and I think this is the crux of Mamita's image problem:

They were on East Fremont Street before Zappos was even a gleam in some Modest Mouse fanboy's bespectacled, bicycling eye. Mamita's predates the hipster infestation...they survived YEARS of life on East Fremont before it was cool, so is it ANY FUCKING WONDER they don't want trendy shitty food trucks rolling in and stealing their bidness?! 

Mamita's is like that grumpy old man in the neighborhood who's constantly yelling at you kids to get off his goddamn lawn. They don't have a Twitter feed, they don't have a thing to "check in," and they don't serve Pabst Blue Ribbon or have a bike rack out front. 

Mamita's, if you're listening, and you want a piece of that sweet, sweet hipster buck....stop complaining and start being more ironic, STAT!
My "Pretend Boyfriend" (real person, long story) took me down to Fremont Street on a "Pretend Date-Night" and asked me if I like Mexican food, as soon as I said yes we headed straight for Mamita's. 

When I walked in I was hit in the face with over the top Mexican decor and a video dj mixing music videos from the 70s and 80s with each other and I was slightly surprised it would start off so cool. 

Won't lie, the service could be better but the Mexican/Cuban menu items help keep you wondering what yummy nibble you want to try. I picked what the waitress said was a "sample" plate of Cuban food and I was so happy I ordered it!  Chips and or salsa come free to get your mouth watering.

Think outside your comfort zone and try this little hidden jem!
Being in town for punk rock bowling and not having a lot of places to eat due to diet restrictions, I was super excited to find this place. If you are looking for a quiet place to play, this is not for you. The DJ is blasting remixes of 80s song the entire night. The service is absolutely abysmal, but the food is decent. Definitely worth a try if you aren't in a  hurry.
I was really surprised to find this little gem just a few blocks from the "Fremont Street Experience" - it is actually just across from El Cortez. The Yuca was amazing, as was my Cuban sandwich with huge hunks of meat. Beer was pricey for my taste - $5 bottles - especially when you can find $1 bottles down at the casinos (but I'm cheap). Love the atmosphere too. Definitely check this place out!
Today was the first time I  have eaten here.  The first thing I wonder is why it has two names, Mamacitas and Mamitas...maybe it's a Mexican and Cuban way of saying "little mama"? Anyway, I ordered the Cuban sandwich and asked for platanos verdes instead of the fries. They accommodated my request without extra charge. The Cuban sandwich was delicious!  The plantanos came with a sauteed onion mixture that had lemon juice and garlic, just like my Cuban mother in-law used to make. Everything was very tasty and filling. I want to go back again to try the Cuban tamale and other dishes. BTW, the atmosphere is charming!
Wow what an interesting place. We ended up going there one day because we couldn't find anything else on Fremont street that we wanted to eat. My first impression wasn't that good. The restrooms are in the back and kind of small, dirty and scary looking. The place itself didn't look very clean and kind of scary as well but I bit on my lips and refused to leave before I tried their food. And I'm very glad I did. The portions were big and everything was full of flavor. I cannot remember exactly what I had but I know I really liked it!
Nail Fanatic approved.
SUCKS BEYOND....
This place should have been closed years ago.
The owner is losing this business not because of the food carts...
It's because he hires the rudest staff Like the New York Cuban rudest,long fingernailed-in-your-face ...let me not say any bad words here. Went there three times and gave it chances...called the owner by phone to explain to him our bad experience and he tells me his wife has been on him about this Witch he employs...
Hmmm your wife and customers are complaining...you think you should do something.
I tried a Nutella banana crepe at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market. Delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!! The crepe was perfect, not too flimsy or chewy. Also, I liked that they give it to you in some sort of flat paper cone, so it's easy to walk around and eat:)

I got  a crust less lemon tart that was delicious as well. I took only  two bites as my almost two year old ate most of it!
Found these two (thanks to twitter) at the Tet Festival in Mesa. I tried the banana, mango, vanilla cream and crushed meringue crepe. It was unbelievable. Fantastic flavor and texture on a perfectly made crepe. 

Delicious food from a sweet couple.. I will be watching their twitter feed tor more locations (hopefully soon!).

Yum!
I agree with the other Yelpers in that Truckin Good Food is awesome!!  They bring such an authentic style crepe to the PHX area--something hard to find.... for a reasonable price too!!  I also had the sweet crepe with banana, vanilla pastry cream, and crushed meringue (I have never had anything with crushed meringue before and it was yummy!)  We also got the kimchee vegetarian crepe with cheese and shredded coconut  (what a crazy combo--I think I'll get another one today since I'll be volunteering at Tet today again--yay!)

Erin and Jeffrey are so sweet too--something very hard to come by these days :)
I'm a huge fan of crepes. I make them at home whenever I get a chance. I must say, though, that Jeff takes the crepe to a whole new level for me and puts mine to shame. The fillings are always awesome. 

Sadly, since the city won't let them do crepes right now, we must suffer without. And yet, Jeff still comes through with other awesome creations. I look forward to every Sunday and catching them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market. 

Jeff & Erin - Keep on truckin!
Truckin' Good Food is by far my favorite part of the Ahwatukee Farmers Market!  So far, I have tried the Veggie crepe and the Bean and Cheese crepe and both were spectacular.  For various reasons, it had been about a month since I had been able to meet up with their tent on Sundays and today I got my fix!

Jeff and Erin are both so sincere and friendly, which makes it easy to hang out and chat while your crepe is made right in front of you.  The care and attention put into each and every order really makes TGF stand out from the rest, the fresh, quality ingredients don't hurt either!

Next week, I've got to try the PB&J!!
Amazing! I tried their sweet nutella crepe for the first time a few months ago and have been craving it ever since. Jeff and Erin are such incredible people. Their knowledge of food and crepes is beyond scary.  Gotta trust the guy who has a nutella tattoo right? And they're always coming out with new yummy items for their menu. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
Until I ordered from Truckin' Good Food, I was a crepe virgin.  So fittingly, my first crepe was called "My First Time."  My First Time also became my second time...just so you know.

I love the nutella and I love bananas, and at first, that's all I wanted in my crepe.  Jeff persuaded me to get it with walnuts as well.  I'm glad I did.  It was delish!

Truckin' Good Food is awesome.  I look forward to trying other crepes and seeing them around in their new truck.
Really fantastic crepes.
something i couldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams - i drive 20 minutes, every sunday to delight in parisian-style street food in ahwatukee.  

the first "truckin" crepe i ever tried is called "umami what" which combines sesame and soy pickled cherry tomotes, fresh chevre, mushroom ragout wakame, fresh spinach and basil.  all i have to say is that it is SO TRUCKING GOOD i can't even try the other menu items yet!

awesome. awesome. awesome.
Ok, so this business is currently run from a mobile kitchen.  Now I do mean that it is a kitchen.  The crepes are made to order, the ingredients are absolutely fresh and delicious.  They are currently going to various farmers markets, Old Town Scottsdale and Awatuke,  and going to private parties when they are asked.  
So when you have the chance to find where they are and try them.  You won't be disappointed at all.  They are great.  
Also check then out on twitter.
I'll keep this one simple. Do yourself a favor and hunt this truck down. I've had crepes from a street stand in Paris. TGF makes you feel like you never left (oppressive heat notwithstanding).

I had my first experience with TGF today, just before they wrapped up. I had the People's Choice: a simple crepe jam-packed with Nutella, peanut butter, and bananas. It was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. Tack on their great pommes frites with the truffle oil ketchup and you have a serious winner. To top it off, Jeff hooked me up with a sample of his new custard creation which was absolutely fantastic.

Friendly people, great food, and they're on wheels! Now to find a way to get them down to Mill Avenue, where I work...
07/14/10 and 10/14/10!  (What a coincidence!  I did not plan the 3-month interval...)

My first visit to T'GF was for Bastille Day, when Jeff K. and his food truck had a "taste-off" against Torched Goodness.  I found them both to be equally good that day, although Jeff was a little more generous w/ his frozen dessert sample compared to TG's thimble sample (TG was out of the two flavors I wanted to try)!  Since I couldn't decide which was better of the two, I didn't vote... Sorry, Jeff K.!

I decided to try the Bastille Day dessert crepe, expecting I'd get a traditional crepe w/ vanilla ice cream.  Instead, I received a cup filled w/ ice cream and garnished w/ a sliver of a cookie and, I'd like to say, a raspberry coulis.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g#fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g  Delicious, but a bit too sweet!  (Yes, yes, Jeff K. did describe to me what I was going to receive before preparing my order, but I'd just had a sample of flan, which contains egg, of which I'm allergic to, that has many side effects, one of which is a lack of concentration!  Come to think of it, the ice cream probably consisted of eggyolks, as well.)

My second visit to T'GF left me being a happier camper!  I had already checked out the website's menu and had two items in mind, but was sidetracked into ordering frites (potato fries cooked in duck fat).  I placed my order of a Brittany crepe, as well as one beignet, no powdered sugar.  After a few minutes, I'd remembered it was the panisse frites (chickpea fries) that I'd wanted to try, so I asked Jeff if it was too late to change my mind.  No, it wasn't too late!  Since there was a line of people before me waiting for their crepes to be prepared (I think they can only make two crepes at a time back there), I opted to pop inside Downtown PHX Public Market and have a go at the menu, as well.

Stop the presses!  The Brittany crepe was tres magnifique!  It consisted of a buckwheat crepe filled w/ local Buckeye, AZ Crow's Dairy chevre, as well as a little buckwheat honey.  Food orgasm!  I'm definitely going to order this one again on my next visit!  The panisse frites were OK, albeit very, very mild-tasting.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw#svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw  While deep-fried, they weren't greasy at all.  They reminded me a bit of falafel, though definitely not as dense (far from it!) nor as flavorful as falafel.  I didn't find the light-as-air lemon-herb froth that accompanied the fries punchy enough to pair well w/ the crispy fries :(  Perhaps a creamier dip would suffice?  The curry mayo (which came w/ a fellow Yelper's frites) was a better match.  As for the beignet-- it looked delicious, but I couldn't try it since Jeff's assistant forgot to hold the powdered sugar.  Boo!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A#GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A
Sorry for not having a photo of the Brittany crepe-- once I'd had a taste of it, I didn't want to pause to turn on my camera phone.  (I figured I could always take one the next time I visit!  Hahaha!)  I bumped into Yelpers Dolores, Robyn, and Lynn, who later accepted my invitation to sit at my table and so was able to sample Robyn's frites w/ curry dip (the same dip I'd picked out initially before changing my mind!)  They're pretty good!  Thanks, Robyn!  BTW, thanks for the feedback on the beignet and its "super-yummy" caramel sauce!
Yum! Crepes are delicious! I had the special with Brie and apples. Pommes frites were super tasty as well! Don't miss if you go to the Ahwatukee Farmers Market.
Last weekend I finally got to eat a crepe from this truck and am STILL thinking about it.  While going through my last walk-through at the Scottsdale Farmer's Market I spotted the truck and instantly became as giddy as a schoolgirl.  So many friends had told me good things and I was excited to finally get my hands on a crepe from TGF.  The Papa K had tons of gooey (Tillamook!) cheese, slices of ham, fresh greens, and mushroom ragout wrapped in a buckwheat crepe.  I would have had another before leaving, but decided to hold back against my better judgment.  Can't wait to find TGF again so I can sample more of their tasty crepes.
Amazing!!! I tried their Nutella-banana-nut crepe at the Old Town Farmers Market in Scottsdale, AZ and it was simply the best Nutella Crepe I've ever had. Keep it up!
At this point, I've had three of the four crepe selections, with the Veg being the only one I haven't tried. The verdict is that they are fantastic.

With choices both sweet and savory, the real winner remains the My First Time, a collection of Nutella, Bananas, and Walnuts in warm fresh crepe. This is an amazing piece of food. 

Now, in addition to all of the delicious delicious crepes, there are fries. And the fries are SO good. Made with Duck Fat, these are exquisite bits of fried potato. Combined with homemade dipping sauces, they just can't be beat. Check them out at Farmer's Markets around town. Go get some! They're delish! :)

Check out more pics and a longer review at http://rapunxelle.wordpress.com/
I have a simple argument for why you should stop what you are doing right now and go find this food truck.

Duck Fat Fries!

Yeah, I'm sure I can stop right there.  Game, set, match!  You lose the debate, but win the lottery in taste.

You need more convincing?  Blasphemy!!!  But okay, how about I blow your mind with a single word.

NUTELLA!!!

Oh, hey I'll wait a minute so you can recover your senses.  That's right, low and behold they made nutella, banana, pecan filled crepes and it was good.  Damn good!  Push your mother over and step on her neck to get the last one good.

My sister introduced me to this food truck at which I hold worship every week.  And for this I owe her a kidney.  RUN! don't walk to this food truck.

P.S. - Tillamook cheese rules!  And if sweet isn't your thing because your mother smoked when she was pregnant.  Than they have you covered with their mouthwatering savory crepes too.
Delicious crepes! I love that they're obviously just a little independent group - I get a crepe almost every Sunday at the Farmer's Market. It can be a bit of a wait but worth it!
It started as a low vibration in my mouth.

Then it became a little more of a low-volume Hum.

Then my teeth started rattling, just a little bit.

I went and looked in the mirror into my opened mouth, and it hit me as to what was happening.

My taste buds were.....what?.....chanting......????

All I heard was tiny little echo of  "We Are Not Worthy.....We Are Not Worthy" over and over again, building to a crescendo, then stopping abruptly. 

Then they took a low bow.

This was right after eating the Mardi-Gras-inspired Comte ~ ham ~ celery root rémoulade crêpe from TGF today.

It was seriously one of the best things to ever cross my taste buds.

This truck is worthy of the hype.  Some aren't - but this one IS.

I've still yet to get a taste of the duck fat fries - went too early once, and this time I was too late as they were sold out.  Darnedest luck.

Go out of your way to visit these nice folks and their other-worldly crêpes.  You will not be disappointed.
I was so stoked for the Crepes and Craft beer event@ Hanratty's w/Truckin' Good Food, but I can't say I could 'rave' about any of it. Our first course was chips w/something, something duck fat. Love the duck fat dip, but again, it was just potato chips. Second course, sausage and potatoes-yum. Here again, I felt let down. The potatoes reminded me of instant w/ a single piece of kale placed on top. Yes, single. To finish, Crepé Suzette, good but not astounding. I'm afraid I had my hopes too high-I don't even remember all the snazzy details. I'd like to try their real food, maybe the fantastic other crepes I hear about. Maybe just because it was an event I wasn't so blown away? I'll def give them another shot when I get a chance. Sorry. :(
Tried them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market and love them!  I can't  for the next food adventure with them.
sad that they aren't at the old town farmers' market for the summer!

hope to see you and erin in the fall!
This was my first food truck. They were super nice, friendly and even gave me a tour of the truck. 

The duck fat fries were amazing, and everything I've eaten there has been great.
Stumbled upon Truckin' Good Food's truck for the first time on a Saturday morning at the Ahwatukee Farmers' Market with my wife shortly after we moved here from Indiana. Smelled the food before finally figuring out where it was coming from and had to give it a try. 

So I went with a Papa K buckwheat crepe (Palo Verde ham ~ pepper jack ~ mushroom ragout ~ spinach); great combination of flavors 

As a side dish (although I could have eaten a bowlful as a dish of it's own) duck fat frites. I am convinced that everything should be fried in duck fat; it is just an incredible flavor. 

The dipping sauces (garlic mayo; ketchup; red chili mayo; Dijon; malt vinegar; pesto; tzatziki; ginger tomato; honey mustard) with garlic mayo the one I had this first time. To my knowledge all of the sauces are made by Chef Jeff Kraus (owner/chef of Truckin' Good Food). 

The crepes and frites are both certainly filling, but without being heavy feeling. 

Lastly, the sweet crepes; 

my first time 
Nutella ~ caramelized banana ~ walnut 

smokin' cone 
chocolate crémeux ~ marshmallow brûlée ~ graham 

showtime 
caramel custard ~ almond ~ poached fruit 

jam on it 
choice of selected jams 

wake up 
coffee mascarpone ~ caramel ~ chocolate espresso beans 

I think they all sound/smell great, but I have a soft spot for Nutella everytime. :) 

If you get a chance to be in the same place as this truck, please tell Jeff and staff hello and you have heard good things about them. You will not be disappointed. 

PS They are looking at starting a fixed location (soon), so I will gladly post an update as soon as I get a chance to enjoy that next phase in Truckin' Good Food's evolution. 

Cheers!
Sooooo, I had heard great things about Truckin' Good Food, and did lots of research on them before going to the Scottsdale Farmer's Market to stalk them.  We made a special trip to go find this crepe truck, and I must say the crepes were delicious.  Unfortunately my issue is with the wait and the lack of ingredients.  

There wasn't anyone in front of us, so we walked right up to the window and ordered two crepes. I ordered a nutella and banana crepe, except they didn't have any bananas, I was like that's fine...I'm here for a crepe, I will get one- so just plain nutella (but they didn't offer to reduce the price which sort of annoyed me).  Then we ordered the other sweet crepe which was lemon curd.  Since there wasn't anyone there, we thought it would be quick, however they said it would be 20 minutes for the crepes to be ready.  I was shocked.  How can to have customers wait for 20 minutes for crepes when there aren't even people in line.  I couldn't imagine how long it would take it there were people in front of us.

Finally, after getting the crepes and getting a chance to eat them, I was at least happy with the result.  The crepes were flavorful (even if they were missing banana) and thin.  I'd go back, but hope that they had figured out how to get crepes out faster.
Love these guys at CYCLE Bar in the Lexington Hotel!  We have Pop-Up Chefs every weekend and Jeff Kraus is the best!! Find him there on Saturday NOV. 5th. cyclephoenix.com for reservations
I discovered Smokilicious today at the SweetBarks Valentines Day fundraiser for Austin Pets Alive. And what a discovery it was! I find myself being a frequent customer here as it happens to be in the same LAZ parking lot as APA where I drop off my foster Pup almost every day on my lunch break. 

The woman who took my order said that this was their 2nd week in business and is their permanent location and that they are open everyday except Monday - did not get the hours but they serve breakfast tacos and lunch for sure. 

I ordered the Brisket Bar-B-Q Tacos that included 2 corn tortillas with flavor packed moist brisket, pico and guac. Yum!

I tried Peter P.'s Frito Pie and while yummy it was too nutrient dense for anything I would choose to eat - got to think about my Girly figure and heart when ordering:) 

The Stuffed Baked Potato and the Sliced Brisket Sandwich are next on my list of "to try" on their menu. 

I am pretty sure I will be updating this place to 5 stars soon!
This new BBQ shack is hidden behind Crepes Mille and Perla.  Try to find it, it's quite an adventure.  Hopefully they will move a bit more out into the open!

They offer a nice variety of BBQ meats, in taco form or plate form.  Cheap too.  I got the brisket, chicken, and fish.  Yep, SMOKED fish taco.

The brisket and chicken were both a bit dry and underseasoned, but the fish was moist, and tender, though a bit fishy.

Try it out, see if you like it.  Wasn't too impressed.  Seems pretty new, maybe they'll work out some of the kinks in the meat.
Smokilicious BBQ is not easy to find.  At least not as easy as the other shops and restaurants on South Congress.  However, if you go behing the Crepes Milles Aistream, just across from Perlas, you will see a small food trailer, and that is in fact, Smokilicious.

I felt rewarded for this discovery today when I went up and ordered the BBQ sandwhich (brisket) lunch thingy.  It was 4.25 and well worth it.  You get two small but full sandwiches for that price and some extra BBQ sauce, some onions and pickles as well.

The brisket was fatty, which is just how I like it, and the spicy sauce (optional) had just enough kick.  I'd go back, and if you can find the place you might enjoy it too.
Good, cheap BBQ. I had the chopped brisket sandwiches, and was very satisfied. Ask for a little extra sauce, if you're like me and can only enjoy a BBQ sandwich when you walk away from the experience with the stuff all over your shirt. Better than Muck and Dave's down the street.
So there I was... on week three of my semi-vegan, all whole foods, mostly organic, low-sodium and low-sugar diet and I was pissed. 

Angry and frustrated with the way things have been happening lately. Two major fights in two days... doesn't make for a good pageant week, but whatev' it happened. Not wanting to relive everything, but KNOWING I was about to... only one thing came to mind... I want an effing HOT DOG!

Now, I live within walking distance of Ted's Hot Dogs, but it was closed, I tried to think of somewhere that was open... a spot came to mind: perched on the south west corner of Priest and Baseline, across the street from AZ Mills Mall and a lil down from Carls Jr. sat the gleaming cart of happiness... La Katra Hot Dogs. With its Sonoran Dogs, bottled mexican sodas, plastic tables n chairs, and small tv showing nothing but Telenovelas, La Katra was the perfect setting for my culinary Wooo Saaaw. 

The first time I heard of Sonoran Hot Dogs, the sound of it made me sick. Nothing but unkosher, heavily processed food?! Uhh... no thanks! But I'm so happy I gave it a go because I have been missing OUT! We quickly got our boiled bacon wrapped dog topped with refried beans, MAYO and tomatoes on a steamed sesame seed bun. There is an ice chest filled with other toppings. Things such as: sliced mushrooms, shredded cheese, sweet relish, whole green chilies, creamy guac sauce, salsa verde and parmesan cheese (u know... the stuff in the green can).

I was elated and a little overwhelmed. I asked my friend Beckita which I should use, she suggested the guac and salsa. I obeyed and added relish, parmesan and hot green chili sauce for good measure! I took my first bite and it was... DUH-VINE!

Creamy, spicy and kind of salty. It was soft, yummy and could use some crunch, maybe some crushed tortilla chips on top? Extremely savory and filling. You only need ONE $3 Sonoran Dog. Their Bottles are $1.50 and cans of soda are a $1. They are open daily starting at 6pm and close 1am on weekdays and 2am on weekends. If you have $5 and need some late night food, then this is the place for you! Be sure to top yours with the salsa verde! It's the best!!
Let me start by saying that I desperately wanted to like this place and give a positive review. DESPERATELY. I even feel a little bad about the review because the people were very nice, but when I review restaurants the FOOD comes first. The only time service overrides food in my ratings is when the service prevents me from getting any food. Anyways, continue for the actual review.

When I heard about this kart, I was extremely excited. I mean, BACON-WRAPPED HOT DOGS. How could that possibly go wrong? Apparently, there are a lot of ways.

I will start off with some of the things I liked about this place. First, the people working were very friendly, even if they had a hard time understanding what we were saying (didn't seem like their English was that great, i.e. when I asked where the tip jar was, they handed me a paper bag to put my soda in). They were generous enough to give us free drinks because we showed up right when they arrived and before they were set up, so we had to wait. Obviously, that was our fault and they didn't have to do that (this is why I went for the second star here) Second, the food is very low-priced. Third, they have Mexican Coke! You know, the good version of Coca-Cola? Unfortunately, none of these things were the reason that I wanted to eat here.

Now, for the things that I didn't like so much. First off, when the hell are these people around!?!? It took my 5 tries before I actually managed to head over while they were there. As far as I can tell, they will be there around 7PM if they are coming at all and tend to come on Thursday, Friday, or Saturday Nights, if at all. As for the food, the hot dog was far from exceptional. Yes, the hot dog was bacon-wrapped. No, the bacon was not good. The bacon was the thinnest-cut, soggiest piece of bacon I have ever had. I was hoping for a thicker-cut, cooked to a little crisp or char, but that was not the case. Also, the bacon had very little flavor, probably due to how thin and soggy it was. On top of that, the hot dog was OBLITERATED with mayonnaise. I had to spend some time trying to scoop off the mayonnaise before I could eat it. Also, the hot dog seemed like your standard, store-bought hot dog without any of the really good hot dog flavor. I also tried the quesadilla, but it wasn't anything special.It was just a slightly greasy quesadilla with a mexican cheese inside, but that's about it. Food-wise, there just wasn't anything special about the food here. They didn't add their own little bit of magic, or whatever you wanna call it that makes it unique. And that little something special is absolutely necessary to make yourself stand out, especially with something as generic as a hot dog and a quesadilla.

Maybe I just had my expectations set too high at the cue of Bacon-wrapped hot dogs, but i didn't find anything special here. I wish I could say otherwise about something as wondrous as a bacon-wrapped hot dog, but I can't. Anyways, if you want to try it, I won't stop you. But, don't be fooled by the appeal and the potential magic of the bacon-wrapped hot dog, because you will be disappointed. I will only recommend this Cart (which, by the way, has recently upgraded to a truck/van) if you want something cheap. However, you will need a lot of luck for this truck to actually be there when you want it.
Just Ok Hot dogs, I have had better.
I love this place. Why? Because they seem to be open every time that I want a hot dog. Every time.

I get their special, it's a hot dog with tomatoes, onions, beans (and normally mayo but I don't get the mayo). I then sauce it up with Tapitio hot sauce and dig in. Fantastic!

This cart is clean and always well patronized. So if you're up late and want a great meal, head over here.
Was pretty great. 
The hotdog with grilled veggies and an assortment of veggies were on point after a night of adventure.

The free telenova viewing was an added plus

Warning on the green chilies ~ They are HOT
Turning into a human flamethrower at 4am (nausea) is not an experience I want to revisit
Sonoran hotdogs. Inexpensive and delicious.
It is 11:30 pm and I want to eat something that is not donut or mc donalds. La Karta hot dog is a good choice. I like the fact that it has chopped tomatoes :) It gives the hot dog a refreshing flavor. They have the green hot sauce and guacamole sauce. The hot sauce is not as spicy as I want. Overall, it is  a $3 well spent.
The most authentic Sonoran Dog I've had in Arizona! A must go! It's cheap and they keep it very clean.
Sonoran hot dog with no bacon?? That's just a plain hot dog regardless of the toppings! Stars are for cleanliness and accessibility.
This is the only place in town that has snow cones and these are New Orleans style also - which I think are the best! This place is in the shell gas station parking lot at the northwest corner of Horizon Ridge and Arroyo Grande. The prices are reasonable and are a great treat while it's 100+ degrees outside!
Kid that works there is great. They have something there to make everyone's snow cone the toot de la toot of snowcones. 

I got the $4 King of Cones (I just made that name up) = Large single flavored with Ice cream at the bottom. They have a small for like $2 which might have been plenty since the large was rather large.

BRING CASH!!! The chump gas station host doesn't do cash back so I had to use the ATM machine which cost me $2.99 on their end and $2 on my bank side. Nonetheless we still tipped the kid $4 for the cones because it was a great experience. I signed up for this yelp site just to tell everyone about it.
Who would ever imagine that sugary flavored ice could be so good. There is just something so relaxing, calming and yet so excitable to enjoy one of  the many different flavored snow cones offered from The Purple Penguin. 
For a while now I had been driving past the well decorated Purple Penguin trailer and noticed that it always seemed to have a line of people awaiting their delectable icy treats.  Curiosity finally got the better of me.  After all, how can a snow cone cause this kind of draw.  Well, to my surprise the goodness contained in the ice was addictingly scrumptious.  Unfortunately I discovered the place towards the end of the snow cone season, as The Purple Penguin closes for winter at the end of August until April.  The season end is the only drawback of the Purple Penguin Snowcone Shack.
Super yummy snow cones in my neighborhood....and I happened to go on the last day they are open until April!

Lots of flavor choices, plus you can add cream (condensed milk) or ice cream.

Small, medium, large, all under $3.50!  I got a medium coconut-margarita-daquiri with cream and it was sooo yummy.  The service was excellent too!!!!  A fun place!
These frozen treats are AMAZING! It is the ice! The ice is not crunchy or granular at all it is smooth and perfect...no comparison to a regular sno cone or a hawaiian shave ice...its much better!!! I mean zillions and trillions times better!! I try and have one every day because they are that GOOD! The flavors are amazing too. My favorite way is with a scoop of ice cream on the bottom and sometimes cream on the top....its delicious!
They are only here 6 months so get while the getting is good!! You will love it!
Finally got an early jump on The Penguin this year. Just redeemed my frequent buyer card for my free Large Snowcone.  The purple Penguin is snowballing (pun intended) in popularity. If you happen to drive by with little or no line, take every opportunity to seize that moment to grab your cone. Otherwise expect to wait in line a bit, but never fear the wait will payoff huge dividends. I expect The penguin to give away many large Snowcones this year as the faithful customers continue to redeem their cards.
Found my new flavor combo: Margarita/Mango
Warning these snowcones are addicting. (can you tell by all the check-ins Ive had?) Snowcones made here are like fresh fallen powdery snow I kid you not. Every spoonful of icy goodness is full of flavor from start to finish! The friendly peeps at the PPSS know their stuff.  If you see a long line dont fret, just sweat it out, it's worth the wait. (and really the wait isnt that long)
The Pickle Juice with the Margarita flavors goes well together.

Try the red velvet! ...And dont forget to get a punch card. Buy 9 (any size) and you get a LARGE one for FREE!
Excellent ice texture and flavors, but the condensed milk is not quite right.  It was thin and runny.  Can't figure out if it is a cheap brand or watered down.  In New Orleans they use Eagle Brand condensed milk and it is excellent!
Took the kids here on a recommendation. Waited in line for 45 minutes. Snow cones were inhaled by the kids. The service was very friendly. For a unique treat, add cream to your flavor. Overall, it was really good but would not wait 45 minutes again.
First time visit today.  Had the watermelon with coconut and cream....so yummy!  If I had to explain the texture, I'd say it's between the texture of your typical snowcone ice and a slurpee.  The people were friendly.  Had to wait about 20 minutes but they had umbrellas for people to use.  I will definitely come back, especially in this Las Vegas 
heat!!!
I don't have enough nice things to say about Purple Penguin. We try to go in the middle of the week so the wait isn't as long but even when there is a line - it's totally worth it.

My favorite is the blue bubble gum. Oh wait... cherry and watermelon... nope... green apple?

Heck, I like them all and have been bugging my daughter to try the pickle juice but she's not been brave enough yet.

The service is always super friendly and this season they have umbrellas for people to use to shade themselves while waiting in the sun.

I will reiterate what others have mentioned... BRING CASH.
Last night my bf and I were driving over to costco and on our way home. He wanted to try this place called the purple penguin. Wowee the line for this place was super long. Long lines= delicious food. When it was finally our turn to order we had the cake batter, sour apple, and pineapple. The apple and pineapple were okay but the cake batter was so sweet and delicious. What a refreshing treat to end the night with! The snow that they made was not as fine as Snow Ono, which was still fine. After I would put a spoonful into my mouth, I would try to suck the syrup out and let the ice melt in my mouth. By the time I was finished I had total brain freeze. Two thumbs up!
This was my first visit to the Purple Penguin and I am hooked! This was undoubtedly the best snow cone I have ever had! The have a huge selection of flavors to choose from and you can mix and match. I picked Blue Raspberry and Cherry and my husband had Banana and Cherry. Next time I will get all Banana it was so tasty. The ice is so soft and fluffy, no ice crystals. It is like perfectly fallen snow. The small is only $2 and it was plenty for me since it is very sweet. Totally worth the wait, don't give up if there is a line. We waited over 20 min and I would do it again and again! They say they close at 8p, but we got there at 7:50p and there were about 20 people ahead of us in line and by 8:20, still that many in line behind us - so I guess they keep serving past the "closing" time. If you like snow cones, or even if you don't, try it and you will love it!
Passed this place quite a few times - always a line. Have been trying to convince the hubby to join me for a late evening snack. Glad we didn't go too late as they close at 8, though we arrived a few minutes before and the line continued to grow behind us. I had the coconut mango with a .25 upcharge for cream. You can add ice cream for .50. It was yummy, smooth, cold and just sweet enough. Will return and wait in line for their treats. $2 small $2.50 medium $3 large Small is big!
We came to Purple Penguin at the advice of a bunch of friends from church. We happened to be in the area, and in need of dessert so we stopped at the snow cone shack. I had already prepared myself mentally for the possibility of a wait, and there was definitely a wait- nearly 40 minutes! This is one of the reason that I didn't give it 5 stars. We had the kiddos with us, and the got pretty restless. HOWEVER- I will say that it was absolutely worth the wait! The Purple Penguin has a great selection of off-the-wall flavors like mojito, fuzzy navel, pickle juice and red velvet cake. The also provide a sugar-free selection for the sugar conscience residents here in the valley. The "snow" is actually produced by a snow-ball machine, and it super smooth. None of the crunchy ice you get at a typical snow cone stand! You can combine flavors and even top off your snow cone with cream or ICE CREAM! I went with the sugar free red-velvet, and topped the medium sized snow cone off with cream. It was heaven on ice! Much Love to the Purple Penguin. We will be back :)
OK, this is a great place to go.  I will be back for sure!  Just coming back from Hawaii and have the best "ono" shaved ice, I would say that this place in terms of taste and enjoyment is not shabby at all.

1.  Parking - This place is in a Shell station lot, so parking is what it is. Not a lot.

2.  Lines - The lines to get this stuff is long, and the process that they use to make it is not the most efficient, so the line is slow. Be prepared to wait and if it is very hot, well, you will have your wonderful shave ice soon.

3.  Service - All the staff is very nice. They will explain the odd flavors like Hurricane and the Pickle flavor.... Very odd, but hey,  you gotta try it.

4.  Price - Great pricing and all the right add on.

5.  Taste - Not bad at all. I like how they will pack the flavor into the first layer and then add more ice and add more flavor on top.  The process they use to make this, seems to have too many steps and too mechanical, which leads to longer time to make the shaved ice.  If they have practice, they can make it faster and get the line moving and increase sales for sure.

GK says check this place out. Unique, fun great tasting.  No where to sit, no where to stand, and yet the best things in life are not the things, so don't focus on what is not there.  You just get over there and enjoy!
First visit on 8-25-11 really good snowcone/shaved ice whatever you wanna call it!!! a bit of a long line but hey it was refreshing!!!! Wanna go back for more!!!
Okay so when was the last time it was 114 degrees out and you were in your car wishing your AC was just a tad colder and you couldn't stop thinking that you would like an ice cold treat. Well take a drive down Horizon Ridge and it will be a like a mirage in the Sahara, no your eyes don't deceive you, that is a Smiling purple penguin and it looks like there is a line from sea world waiting to check it out. 

After hearing more than enough good things about this place I was beginning to think they gave out twenties with each purchase because these people talk about it like they are getting paid to advertise, and there is no way that this place is that good, come on it is shaved ice and sugar flavoring....Right.... Wrong!! It has to be one of the best cones of snow you have ever eaten, they have flavors from pina colada to red velvet even Horchata... 

Yes the parking is tough because it is at a gas station and the line is long but come on folks, we will wait in line for our dudes at the slider truck and why is that.... Because they are delicious and anything worth putting in your mouth is worth waiting for so why not wait in line for the penguin.

All in all I give two cones up to the PPSS.. see you next season buddy
I don't think you'll find a better snow cone place in town! I only wish they were open year-around!! The employees are so nice and they always smile. I love that they supply umbrella's for the killer heat in July and August. 

You will never be disappointed with an older but goodie...........sour apple :)
PPSS is back with a shiny new shack! Same flavorful snowcones! Same friendly & efficient service! ..and now they have 2 snowcone machines going plus additional staff.  So dont let the long lines fool ya...average wait time for us (from 50 people deep) is about 17 minutes.
YES!  I'll be back....

The first time I saw a line at this place was on tax day and I just thought they were giving out free stuff...then the next day, same thing and the day after - again. And then the following week, the same thing.
So now I was definitely curious and needed to find out what the hype was over this Purple Shack at the Shell gas station. 

Needless to say, I checked Yelp to see if there was any info and behold my curiosity just grew tenfold.  I needed one of these!
I had errands to run this afternoon, and since the post office is down the street I made up my mind that I was going to make the jump...

And yes, there was a line, but not as long as other times, so I went and stood and waited all by my lonesome.  I have to admit, there were about three times that I contemplated leaving and just coming back at night when the sun wasn't pounding down (it was definitely hot) but I was so close...I decided to wait it out.
Ordered me a small cheesecake ($2) with ice cream ($.75)

I watched as all the colorful orders came out before mine and then my turn.  Such a sad looking snowcone - there was absolutely no color and looked like a cup full of ice..I wondered if I made the wrong choice in flavor.
I was so wrong!  The flavor oozed through with each lick and spoonful.  The ice is so soft and the small was good enough for both me and my hubby who I shared with once I got home.  Our two other roommates just had to listen to us enjoy this wonderful treat...LOL.  

I'll definitely be back tonight and this time with three more curious souls.  :)
I'm so glad they are just down the street from us and not across town.  Never thought I'd ever be in love with a snowcone!
I would give it five, but the wait!! Every time I go there I swear I won't come back, because of the 30min wait...but it is so worth it.
The prices are just right.
The flavors are great.
The service is nice.
I love my rewards card!
Time to but a faster bigger machine purple penguin dude!!
Awesome!!!!! U have get the ice-cream in the bottom!! It's only 50cents extra!!! Very very worth it!!! Hurry because I heard this place closes every years winter time.. But not very sure in which date..
Aint no Sno Ono that's fo sho.  

You get to pick 3 flavors regardless of the size.
S - $2
M - $3
L - $3.75
Add Cream  - $.50
Add ice cream - $.75

It's super close to my home.  There are many flavors, but not as many as Sno Ono.  The ice was soft, but not as soft as Sno Ono.  If I crave for shaved ice and can't make it out to get some Sno Ono, I would drop by Purple Penguin.  And yes, staff are friendly.  They also have a punch card where you buy nine snowcones, you get a large snowcone free.  That's quite an incentive.
'O' no, I've heard of this type of place before, shaved ice with flavored syrup.

I'm no shaved ice connoisseur but the texture of the ice is what differentiates these places from one another. Purp Penguin's ice has the texture of mini ice chips which has a rough texture. I prefer the ice that is smooth in your mouth somewhat feels like ice cream. They call this a snowcone shack but where is the cone? The ice is served in a Styrofoam cup which I guess is appropriate for the "Shack" theme. 

I heard lines get pretty long here but I've had better. If you park Sno Ono beside the shack, Sno Ono would probably have the longer line.
I am a real regular here! I know all the employees and they know my name and order by heart! I get at least one large or penguin size every day! My favorite is coconut and vanilla, which sounds weird but it's AMAZING! 
Thank God for this truck! It puts a smile on my face and gives me something to look forward to each afternoon :)
Great employees, great favors and generous portions for the price! Just Awesome!!!!
Neighborhood Snow Cone Shack !!  It can be a long wait but well worth the it !!
I love this place because its simple, cheap, and delish. I love the variety of flavors they have. I go at least twice a week. 

I gave them 4 stars, because I prefer the snow cone place I go to in TX... but def my favorite in NV. :)
I can't believe alloif these good reviews. Have u guys never had Shave Ice before?    This was horrible. There was 6 of us total. All different flavors. They put lots of syrup on it but their syrup is too watered down. I couldn't taste anything but ice. I am glad I paid extra for the vanilla ice cream in the bottom or it would of been a complete waste. The ice is shaved nicely but no flavor.  I mean nothing. Also they are real slow.
I was really disappointed because I really wanted the guy with the bad review to be wrong.  I got the rootbeer and vanilla.  It tasted faintly like a rootbeer float, but all the syrup was at the bottom of the cup.  There were several times I got huge chunks of ice and all I could think about was the review saying that.  The small was 2 bucks with a 75 cent increase for ice cream at the bottom.  My daughter got the cotton candy and birthday cake.  The cotton candy overpowered the birthday cake, to the extent I could not taste the birthday cake.  I will say the cotton candy did taste like cotton candy and made me jealous I didn't get cotton candy instead of rootbeer.  She got ice cream at the bottom and it was really good.  It did not melt even though it was 110 outside.  I will give them another shot, but I will likely try some other sno shacks too.
this place was a real pain in the ass to find, so look for the speedee mart at the corner of the intersection.  it's a small purple truck near the gas station.  it's not hawaiian shaved ice, and its not your typical snow cone from the carnival.. but it's actually really delicious!  the snow is mainly fine with a few crystals of ice and the flavor (no plural, i only got one flavor ]: ) tastes like how it should (vanilla) without any extra sugar that other places have.  i got a small vanilla snow cone with CREAM (YUM YUM YUM!) on top for $2.50.  the size is alright, it is a small foam cup which was surprisingly more than enough for me.  the flavor was dispersed through the cup evenly so you never eat a plain spoonful of snow.  you can choose three flavors without getting charged extra but i didn't read that part until after i ordered.  getting cream or ice cream costs an extra few cents.  there is a charge for credit card, so bring cash!  standing outside in the sun while they made it kind of sucked but it was worth it for such a tasty treat.  this place is seasonal.. which is a shame because i love to eat snow cones/shaved ice year round!  anyways, this is a place that i would definitely come to again if i were ever in the neighborhood.
We dont make it to this side of town too often but when we do we try to stop in for a quick snowcone snack.  We do like it better with the ice cream added to it but either way its still good.
This IS NOT shaved ice!  This is a regular outing for our family during summer.  When this closes in the end of September, it is a very sad time.
Love love love this place! Their frozen ice is the best. You MUST try it with ice cream because it makes it 100x better. There's so many flavors to choose from and you can get up 3 different flavors. It's also so cheap for this flavory goodness. A small is only $2 (2.74 w/ ice cream) and the other sizes are just as cheap. If you don't have cash you can use a card they just charge you 50 cents more which to me isn't a biggie. 

When I went this time there was a long wait as always. That's the only bad thing if you go during a busy hour (I went right after kids got out of school) you will have to wait at least a half hour. It'd be nice if they had more staff. But its so good that I will wait in line every time. I got strawberry, peach and mango with vanilla ice cream. So good and fruity-definitely worth the wait!
My buddy Wes has been raving about this place for a while.  I've never been a huge snowcone person so I didn't really see the big deal.  On the way home from a Beerfest we ended up stopping and I couldn't believe the line.  Not only was there a line but there were multiple couples that were dressed up for Prom.  And they were stopped at a snowcone shack?  Yes, they were!

This place is no joke and was one of the best, if not the best, snowcones I've ever had.  I can't quite remember the combination of flavors I got (see beerfest) but I know that the Tiger's Blood was in there somewhere.  There was just something about the flavor and the cream they used that made this snowcone amazing!  I'm glad I finally stopped in and even happier that I live less than 5 minutes away.
Satisfies the snowcone craving but more like flavored ice chips. Reasonably priced and good serving sizes but would rather have shaved ice.
Gotta bump it down a star...

I wanted Shave Ice the past Sunday because I have been craving for it ever since we left Maui some days ago.  However, Purple penguin did not satisfy me one bit.

First, they gave me the wrong flavor.  I asked for Tiger's blood, leche, and mango.  The order taker wrote down TB/LE/MA.

When I got my cup of ice, it became Tiger's blood, pink lemonade, and mango.  So, we had to wait for them to redo it.  Was it worth it...Heck No!

It's as if they had preshaved the ice and just scoop it into a cup as it is ordered.  There were chunks of ice.

No bueno.  Not returning, ever again.  Why?  There are much better shave ice shacks out here in my area.  Just had Beach Bums today and is more of the Hawaiian shave ice consistency that I was looking for.
Best snow cone I've had here in town. The only thing that keeps it from another star is the wait the usually comes with each visit. Good sign for the business, but it sucks in the middle of a summer day when the sun is beating down on you
This place was pretty good.  They have lots of flavor options and offer friendly service.  The lines tend to get really long, especially at obvious times like after school lets out on the weekdays.  We went on a Monday evening and, although the line wasn't that long, we waited FOR. EVER.  

They accept credit cards but they do charge to use them.  They have a punch card - 9 snow cones and get one free.  I like that they'll ask you if you have one or, if not, if you want one.  Some places don't even tell you about them... I haven't tried all the snowcone/ice places in the area, and Beach Bums  is a lot closer to me, so I'm not sure how soon I'll be back.
Love this place. I am not a snow cone fan, but is far superior to  the other trailers in the neighborhood. selling snow cones.  It is all about the ice and syrup. They even have sugar free, The line can be long but goes quickly. The kids who work there are all friendly, energetic, and helpful. One kid Garrett is so cool you would think he has been in business for 20 years.
This little shack is definitely a gem in the desert of Henderson. Anyone who has lived here for over a year knows how hot the Las Vegas sun can get, and these snow cones offer the perfect relief. 

There have to be at least 30+ flavors to choose from and you are able to choose up to three flavors on each cone without any extra charge. They have some of the normal flavorings you'd expect to see, like orange and blue raspberry, as well as some for the more adventurous out there, like pickle juice and Tiger's Blood. There are also sugar-free options available, but they are changed every week and announced via their Facebook page. For a few extra quarters, you can also choose to add a scoop of ice cream or some cream drizzled on top. The sizes are also in very generous portions with plenty of snow stacked on top.

The staff is always friendly and makes it an overall enjoyable outing. If you live in the area, it's also worth it to pick up one of their punch cards. It isn't open all year around, but that just allows you to savor the experience.
We LOVE this place! We travel across town just to go to The Shack for our dessert. My favorite is the Black Cherry with cream AND ice cream. The kids usually go crazy with blue bubblegum/rootbeer mixes. And my husband usually goes Black Cherry with cream. Great place with reasonable prices and umbrellas to keep you out of the sun while you wait in line (which does get longer every year).
July, 2013. My daughter and I will drive to LV to get it EVERYTIME!...  I'm normally a big fan of "shaved snow" here in LA, but PPenguin's shaved ice can match it well!!  Definitely add the ice cream to your shave ice!! See you next month!!
I'm honestly SO sad that this place has such great reviews cause I was really disappointed! I came here on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't too busy. I was really surprised to see that Purple Penguin was literally a purple shack. This place is cheap but you do have to remember all you are getting is ice and sugar. I ordered a medium ($3) and got pineapple, coconut, and mango and was really disappointed! I couldn't even tell the difference between the mango and pineapple  Sorry Purple Penguin but this Asian penguin won't be returning.
we decided to see what al the hubbub was about with shaved ice. I have never had it before.

We took the kids of course, they will never say no to dessert. 

First thing we noticed was the long line. Always a good sign.

The menu board was HUGE so many choices. Really funky ones too like pickle juice.

I had the tiger's blood with a scoop of vanilla which was very good. The snowcone itself was very sweet. I liked the texture though. 

The kids enjoyed everything and had sticky hands, blue and red tongues, and huge smiles.

Its a great value too, $2 for a small which is plenty. I don't know how someone can eat one of the huge ones without it melting all over and making a mess.
I heard the good things about Purple Penguin, and I wondered how a snowcone could be that good, but it really was.  We went to Purple Penguin on a Monday about 12:30 or so.  They already had the "velvet rope" set up for the line, but there pretty much wasn't a line when we arrived.  2 people in front of us, we probably waited 5 minutes from the time we walked up to the window to when we got the snowcones.  I had a strawberry daiquiri.  I liked how they did the syrup, basically half and half instead of just all mixed together.  Also, the syrup completely permeated the entire snowcone.  I've eaten other snowcones were the top is mostly ice, but not this one.  The flavor was throughout and it was good.  The ice was shaved very fine, it had a slushy like consistency from the beginning.  I read the reviews about waiting a half hour for a snowcone.  I don't know that I would do that in the Vegas heat, but it certainly was an excellent snowcone and I can see why it's so popular.  We will return.
We always used to stop here whenever we were reasonably nearby (it is a 30-minute trip) despite waiting in long lines in the heat because it was worth it. Yes, the service was always a bit uneven but the Class of 2013 summer crew = absolute disaster. I understand it's hard to find people willing to work in a trailer for minimum wage for a couple months but the applicant pool must have been incredibly small this year. One girl working there during our most recent visit had to remake 3 orders ahead of ours. The dessert is still excellent but the customer service will probably have us sitting this summer out and hoping they have better luck next year. I'm sure they'll get things straightened out by then. 

I don't think we are the only ones who've noticed because the crowd was much smaller than in previous years.
Yum! Another day in the desert heat, but today with a refreshing and tasty twist. I heard about The Purple Penguin sometime ago and couldn't wait to try it. Today my son and I had our chance and already are trying to figure out when we should make our way back! One vanilla ice cream topped with a triple flavor snow-cone: Sour Apple, TuttiFruitti & Bubblegum and one vanilla ice cream topped with a margarita flavored snow-cone with whip topping :D We Heart The Purple Penguin!
Best snow-cones. 
All in the texture. 
Price is really good compared to others also.
When I think of snowcone, I think of that rainbow ice treat that you get from an icecream truck. You know, the typical paper cone cup with a mound of rounded ice which is literally just coarsely blended ice doused in sugary syrups. 

Purple Penguin was a shocker for me. 

I have never had a snowcone more moist and snow-like. 
My boyfriend swears by that place & knew just the place when I stated my cravings. 

Best part of this place is that they served Fuzzy Naval flavored snow cones. UH-MAAAZING!
Love this place! Great snowcones served by damn sexy guys!! I just waited in line for 1 hour 15 min. Worth every single second.
Purple Penguin is the best place to grab a treat in the desert, hands down. All kinds of concoctions are possible which leaves so much to the imagination. Lines can get a little long in 115+ degree temps but it is sooo worth it! If I could give 10 stars I would.....You need to visit this place if you haven't already!
A winning business model with a superior product, PPSC is an obvious winner during the hot days in Vegas. Fuffy-soft sno-cones come in all kinds of flavors, including Tiger's Blood (fruit punch with coconut). A scoop of ice cream at the bottom can be a nice variation in any of their four sizes and I happily paid the 50 cent fee for swiping my card.

There is a place just like this called Jerry's Sno Cones in Memphis, TN, so I obviously couldn't pass up an opportunity to check out PPSC on a recent trip to Vegas. If you are in the area for fun, make it a sweet double-feature with a tour/tasting at Ella M Chocolates too. Happiness in a styrofoam cup!
The PP is the closest 5 star establishment to my house bar none
But for some reason I had a strong dislike for 
The small penguin stack posted up at the gas station 
Ive pasted by it hundreds of times with a scowl... Why

Maybe it was the thousands of people who flock to
It like wild animals at a watering hole on the Serengeti 

Maybe I can't stand that the average age of the cliental 
Is 15 

Or maybe just maybe I can't stand to wait in line
For anything 

But this year the penguin was brought to 
Me unexpectedly so I had to try it

Let just say I will be one of those fat hippos at the watering hole 
This summer
I have heard of this place and finally got there yesterday. WOW!! I LOVE IT!! It was in the nineties and needed  a refresher. Had the rootbeer and pina colada with ice cream. My friend had the grape and watermelon with ice cream. The grape was pretty sweet BUT it did not get thrown away. HA! Want to go back SOON.
I am giving the purple penguin three stars for a couple of reasons. But first, we will start with the snow cones. I got a large black berry cheese cake snow cone with ice cream. 

My eyes were way bigger than my stomach and I didn't finish the entire thing, but it was delicious! I had a few larger ice chunks in my snow cone , which I wasn't expecting . Honestly it should be down to a science by now considering you have been open for how many years? Anyways I was with two other people and we waited in line forever

 I don't know exactly how their whole setup works but there were 3 people behind us that got their orders first. We ended up asking about it and the employee was kind of rude. I get it, you work in a snow cone shack but it's all about good customer service. I think that if our question had been answered in a different tone I would have given it 4 stars. Again the first star was deducted due to the line. 

With this being said pretty good snow cone. I'll go back next time a little earlier to avoid the teeny bopppers ;)
I don't eat snowcones. I probably haven't had one for over 5 years. When running errands all day in the heat and stopping to get gas at the gas station, we bit the bullet and grabbed one. I figured they must be good as their is always a line up.  They were definitely refreshing and good for cooling down. I don't have anything negative to say but I am just not a snow cone kind of guy. I can see where kids would love to get thesesnowcones on a regular basis during hot days. They had alot of flavor added and were not just a cup of ice.
The price is about the same as any other snow cone place I've been, BUT the snow come itself was AMAZING! I had no large ice chunks as can sometimes happen at other locations. You can also get blue bell ice cream in the center of your snow cone! The line wasn't too long when we arrived. Our wait for our snow cones was super short as well. Highly recommend.
The BEST snowcone you will ever have!! We have been frequenting PP for a few years now and we still LOVE it. If you have to wait, it is well worth it. I always get cotton candy and tigers blood and it always tastes the same, PERFECT! They do allow you to add Blue Bell ice cream to your snow cone and it makes it even better. Everyone that works there is super nice and friendly. The owner is one of the nicest guys you will meet and still slings the snow in the shack as well. Love this place!
Great friendly staff.  Awesome snack on these hot days especially for the kids.  I only dropped a start because they are a little heavy with the syrup.  The kids surely don't mind but I prefer a better ice / syrup ratio.
Purple penguin is a little food truck/stand in front of the corner gas station. The workers were friendly and they have a large selection of flavors.

Positive: large portions for pretty good prices. They have 4 sizes and you can fill each with any combination of three flavors. I tried a combination of cherry and blue bubblegum and a separate pickle juice. 

Negative for me: the taste is pretty bland as it is just blended ice with flavoring. The pickle juice is sort of pickle juice only lighter on salt taste with a added sugary taste. I dumped both my cups after like 10% finished. Not too say it was bad but it wasn't quite the same as back east snow cones and maybe I just Haven't had them since I was a kid. 

Anyway if health concerns and calories are on your mind this is a nice treat for those hot days . But if not then I don't know why you would get some nice frozen yogurt , ice cream or some delicious gelato .
We have been hearing about the Penguin for a year and just never went. Made our first stop on Saturday and went back today (Monday) for more. Good service and a nice soft snow cone. They have lots of flavors to choose from. I guess our VIP card will fill up fast if we stick to this every other day schedule!
Stopped by today for lunch, after a friend tipped me off on this being not far from where I was.

The loot:
1 Tofu + Egg Taco
1 Chicken Taco
2 Beef Tacos
2 Pork Tacos
1 Garlic Fry
1 Asian Fry
1 Crazy's Sweet Dough
1 (Just for fun) Order of asian chicken wings

Total $20, cash only

My wife and I agreed that pork tacos were the best. Pork was well marinated, and tender. I liked the beef, it was charred just the right way, even though she didn't care much for it. Chicken was excellent. Just the right amount of asian ginger-based spice, some kimchi, and lots of fresh greens. Everything was cooked to order. Tofu taco was something i never tried before, so i can't compare it to any other place. It was good, although the main taste came from the kimchi and the spices (as expected).

Chicken wings were a little less spicy than I would like them to be, but they were tasty, and not greasy - actually a tad on the dryer side on the outside (still tender on the inside) come to think of it.

Fries were very good. They had the home made taste to them, and were cooked in tasty oil. The garlic fries could have used more garlic, but if you aren't a big fan of really garlic-y fries, you are bound to love the subtle flavor. Asian fries were great, with just enough zing to make them stand out from most other fast food places.

Crazy sweet dough (very much like donut holes) were surprisingly good. I expected them to be more soaked with oil, but was excited to find out that they were crispy on the outside, and tender on the inside - no oil drippings, and the taste was donuty (and not oily). The powdered sugar on top was just the right amount.

I was the only person in "line" so it took a little while for everything to come, ~15 minutes, but it was well worth the wait. Plus the weather cooperated - it was the high 70s and pleasant, instead of the 100-degree heat we have seen all week.

++
After hearing about it on Yelp, my curiosity got me and I made a run down to Lake Mead. Sure enough, there it was sitting pretty right by Lee's Liquors. Ron, the owner, was just setting up. We chatted for a little while he was setting up. Very nice guy. I gave him my order: 2 beef tacos, 2 chicken tacos, 1 beef burrito, 1 chicken burrito, 2 orders of fries and 2 orders of crazy dough. By the way, this was for me and my husband.   

As Ron was working on my order, Kenny Lee walked up into the truck, placed him order and chatted for a little bit as well. He was having a burrito. He was telling me how addicting they were. Ron finished up my order and my husband and I rushed home to try our bounty. Wow! Great mix of flavors! And the crazy dough! I will definitely be making a return trip. In fact, I have an appt just down the road from there on Wesnesday. Guess what I'll be having for lunch!
I was set to try a burrito and all the flavored fries....uh yeah they don't make them anymore. 

They restructured their menu and it now includes only:

Tacos: beef, chicken, pork or tofu&egg,-  1- $2.78 or 2-$4.63
(not so) Fries- seasoned fries $1.16 so no more flavor options
Crazy Dough $1.16
Jumbo "Nate" Dog $2.78
12 oz Drinks $1

We got for ourselves, mom and grandma to share 4 pork tacos, 2 tofu&egg, 2 (not so) fries, and 2 crazy doughs. 

I'm going to be the first somewhat negative review, but seriously I came here excited for some "Seoul" Fusion tacos and it came up short. Let me preface that I am from LA and have been eating my way through all the fusion food trucks when the craze started. You can say that I've had the standard, the grail to which I will judge all others heavily. Oh, and I know how to pickle, brine and kimchee with the best of them and I have done fusion tacos all my life being part of a blended family (filipino adobo tacos, ethiopian tibbs tacos, duck confit tacos, "bahn mi" tacos, BBQ pulled pork and beer slaw...yeah I go there with my food). 

Even if I didn't have "experience" in this food genre, there was something off about the food. Not trying to be the "expert" asshole, but just saying, I know what kimchee should be like and what is good fusion since that is my style of cooking. Though the kimchee had a right amount of spice to set off the food but not  be overwhelming for meek palettes, the flavor was off and was going in a sort've bitterish, weird flavor that threw off all of us. That is my main shtick is the fusion part of the taco was not good- that is not how kimchee is supposed to be. It can be savory, a bit sour, a bit salty/briny, but bitterish and odd flavor I can't place is a no go. Best way I can describe it is if you were to botch up or have a spoiled batch of kimchee. I had a bad jar once and later found it wasn't not only sealed loosely, but my dad ate pieces out of it with the spoon he was eating lunch with contaminating it hence the off fermented spoilt flavor. So the tacos are fairly big flour tortillas but it was mostly filled with lettuce. The pork was cubes, not the usual shredded, and was soft and juicy and nice on their own, but sparse. The Tofu Egg had a lot of tofu egg in the taco compared to the pork.. It was mashed tofu mixed with the egg and with the very wet kimchee made for a soggy texture that just wasn't working for me. Also, the wetness made it a bitchfit to even eat the tacos because they were stuck to the paper container and ripped holes into my taco so it was then a "bowl" instead of a taco. I think it needs a "heavier" fry to stand up to the wetness of the kimchee (I personally would do crispy/fried tofu cubes and shredded omelette instead of blended together) or drain the kimchee a bit better before putting on the taco to avoid a large amount of the sog factor. The BF left this Tofu&Egg alone after a few bites and that guy kept saying "I'm soo hungry" in the car after we decided to skip "lunch" at 1, go to errands and go eat later here at 4. Apparently not hungry enough to down his taco. 

Fries were yummy- crispy, not greasy and a good amount of seasoning on them. Crazy dough was good- it was crispy and doughy and not greasy at all, but it definitely needed more sugar coating on it (I dipped them in honey at home). 

I think Vegas needs street food since every great city has great street vendors so I give kudos to anyone who wants to get into the food stand/truck culture and start this city off. For that, I gave it a very fair 3 stars (being VERY nice) and for the fact that my fries and dough were tasty. However, I can't just live off dough and fries alone as a meal and I'm afraid as the way the cards fall that's all I'll be ordering and only if I'm at Lee's already feeling like having a snack. They were doing some sort of promotional stuff at Lees and even had a Hanshik raffle so very well an "event" can boggle things up.  I will come back maybe in a few months and try one taco again to give it a fair chance, but as it stands it's something I hesitate ordering again. The BF does not want to go back, he says he was really disappointed.

 I was set to go to Blue Nile Ethiopian food for lunch, Crown bakery for dessert  and dinner at the Slider Truck then the BF got the idea to go to this instead to bring to his mom and grandma food who weren't feeling to well. Yeah, today I feel I got shafted out of a good eating day at three places to go to one place that didn't live to the hype....I was pretty pissed I starved part of the day to eat w/ the family instead at a place near them. I have to resurrect it myself by getting in my kitchen late tonight and doing up something Chef worthy. It might have been an off day for them and everyone can have that, but shit it made my seeming good day off. It wasn't their fault we chose to come at that day and time, but we expected something worth giving up my day for and that leaves me bitter as the kimchee.
After eating at the Kogi truck in LA, I was stoked when I saw this truck set up in Lee's parking lot. How incredibly disappointing it was. This will set back Korean food for generations. And don't try to eat there during the summer. There is no shade, no misters, nothing. Just horrible food in a horrible spot.
The owner / operated is super friendly, even remembered me from almost a month ago. I happened to stop in bc I was getting my tires rotated next door...and had to go back because the chicken tacos are AMAZING.  His unique blend of spices are awesome...I think the chx tacos only have chicken and lettuce on them...seems super simple...completely incredible.  This little stand is WAY worth driving out of the way for.  And a guy this passionate and friendly and customer service-driven deserves to make it...and somehow I think he will.  He threw in a little sweet bread puff (forget the actual name) while we waited for our order.  When the sun is out, the umbrellas provide shade if you want to eat there (don't know what angerball was talking about with no shade, and I think everyone is pretty sure it's not "Korean food." It's fusion...but anyway.  Oh, and also- how many trucks/stand have misters...seriously, I don't make a habit of commenting on others' posts, but that one seems unusually unfair...)  

Anyway, anyway.  Honestly one of the BEST tacos I've ever had.  Five stars for being exactly what it's suppose to be as far a taco truck goes...and for having food quality worthy of an established restaurant, which, if it existed, would be bumpin'. 

I'm super stoked to go back.  

OH. And notice photo with the giant yellow umbrella.
Fusion???? More like confusion to me...Pulled up to the stand about 1:30...the sign read "closed" What? at 1:30 in the afternoon? I walk closer to the stand and a girl opens the sliding window, so I ask "Are you closed? "No, not at all she says, with a confused look, somehow I'm still not buying it, but I drove all this way so WTH, I place my orders...ordered a beef taco, tofu and egg taco, not so french fries and a fried dough...four items ordered, I'm the only one there, and my order took OVER 15 MINUTES! Whats even fishier about this situation
is he gave me the fried dough first, then the fries, then lastly, the tacos I ordered FIRST....I seriously think he was about to close for the day when I arrived because Ron didn't even take time to heat the tortillas for my tacos, they were Cool and not warm, and they had that Out-of-the-bag chewiness, not that warmth and softness you get from a properly heated tortilla. If you've eaten Thai style beef jerky, thats how tough my beef taco was. the egg and tofu were tasteless, and his version of Kimchi came up short lacking the heat and tanginess you get from a good kimchi. His not-so-french fries were not-so-impressive either, just a salty mess. the fried dough was about the only decent thing out of my whole order. Come to think of it, the whole time I waited for my order, I didn't  hear any sounds  OR smells of cooking, so out of curiousity, i pulled into another parking spot just to see if he was closing up shop, and WHADDAYA KNOW? within 5 minutes, umbrellas came down, packed it in the food cart and he was gone. Ron, I wish you had told me you were closed for the day instead of feeding me such mediocre food. Coming from a CIA(Culinary Institute of America) Graduate is even more hard to believe, because I know for a fact we weren't taught that way. Yes WE, I happen to be a CIA graduate myself.......
After hearing so much about the korean taco truck in LA i was so excited to find out that we had one in Las Vegas.  I was around the neighborhood running errands and decided to check this place out since I live on the other side of the town.  

It was literally 112 outside and thank god there was no line.  I tried the beef, tofu and egg tacos and also ordered their "not so fries".  I gota say one thing, they are definitely different tacos.  I couldn't get a strong grasp on whether I truly liked them or not.  The Korean type slaw they threw on top of the tacos were a bit sweet and had a strange taste to it.  The tortillas like everyone else said were flour and not as hot and soft as they should be.  The fries were tasty but also a bit on the salty side.  

Overall, its a cool place to try out but I probably wont be coming back here for a while since it didn't blow my mind.  I was probably too excited on the idea and then the food let me down a bit.
On my way to Hanshiktaco I was thinking to myself . "How could I crave for something I've never had? " I tried coming here a couple of times based on the Yelp reviews but I'm so lazy when it comes to driving! Today I was determined and hungry so I finally made it! I had four tacos (Beef, Chicken, Pork, Egg and Tofu) I ate it all before 5pm so I didn't feel bad. The meat in the tacos were so tender and full of flavor. The Kimchee had just the right balance of spice to it and I liked that it tasted fresh. I was surprised that I liked the egg and tofu taco so much because I'm a meat eater! I think the tofu absorbed all the spices and I liked the strips of red chips on there it gave it more bite! I also had the donuts which were nice and warm. This was accompanied by some Chrome soda which I thought went well with the meal because it tasted light and it didn't drown out the flavors just enhanced them. I have a new place to go when my husband tries to drag me to get tacos every other day. He has Robertos and I have Hanshiktaco..it just feels healthier!
Having a tire blowout left me way bummed, and the price of replacing a pair of them total left me even more down in the dumps!  Good thing the tire store is next to Hanshiktaco,  which had a really nice owner and a good "Nate" dog!  

 His crazy Korean/Taco truck looks really nice and clean inside and out,  and he and I had a fine conversation while I got a great meal for $5!   The "not so" French Fries were pretty rad too, but the star was the kimchee-laden Nathan's hot dog!   With a little Siracha, it rocks!  

I'm glad I finally stopped in here, although I wish I'd have not had to buy new tires to do it...  it's cash only, which is the only other problem.  But at these prices, you can afford it with change in your car!
When my friend drug me for "korean tacos" I was a little nervous. I couldn't really imagine a fusion of mexican and korean. When we arrived at the taco stand, I first of all was surprised at how clean everything was. On top of that the owner was extremely nice! and helpful. I had two tacos chicken and beef, they were about $2 each very reasonable for fresh food.  Yes it is a little hot outside but it is Vegas and summer... it is to be expected.  The owner even came to the car to make sure the food was good and offered us crazy dough .
What rocks is awesome food and awesome customer service... Will definitley be back and I live in Henderson!!!
My opinion hasn't changed and I actually was breave enough to try the egg and tofu and steak . I actually liked the egg and tofu ... but I am still saying the STEAK is my fave. 
I am actually starting to have dreams about these tacos! 
maybe because I am not allowing myself to have sugars or carbs very often. 
I am making an exception only for these tacos... I actually tried the crazy dough today and it Rocked! 
So good.
I am considering adopting the owner just so that he feels obligated to give me free tacos... *kidding* 
I still don't think 4.38 for two tacos is extreme. So I don't mind ... paying... :)
It is like I said to someone else. I don't mind paying extra if the service is there. 
Honestly ... this has the whole enchilada .. I mean taco... great food great service. .. will soooo be back again.
Stopped in for my chicken taco fix and to try something new.  "Nate's" dog was awesome: Simple (if I may), good textures, great flavor. The uniquely seasoned fries were great, too.  Still loving this place.  One of the very few things I start to get a craving for...love those chicken tacos!!
3.5 stars, but rounded up.

Had all four tacos that were offered today, which were chicken, beef, pork and tofu with egg. 

Overall the tacos were okay, all the tacos have kimchi, so expect a bit of a crunch and a little spice, would of been better if the the tortilla was warmer and soft. The tacos were $2.50, and just a bit bigger than a 99 cent taco from Del Taco, if it was somewhere like $1.50 a piece, I would certainly load up on them each order.

The fried dough was good, reminds me donut holes that taste like funnel cake. 

The wait time may be a little long because it is a one man show and everything is cooked on the order. 

I did not try the hot dog, but perhaps in the future I will next time I am in the area.
Hanshiktaco is now one of my regular lunch spots. It seems like the Slider Truck (which I love) is never near me, so I was happy when I heard about Hanshiktaco being parked at Lee's Discount Liquor on Lake Mead/Tenaya. 

The tacos are comprised of simple flavors that, when layered, become quite tasty. The meat (I had chicken and pork) is lightly seasoned and is cut, or maybe shaved, in very small  pieces. The kimchee is slightly spicy, but also sour.

The chef used flour tortillas. I was dismayed at first because corn is my favorite, but unlike other reviewers my tortilla was soft and warm. I think it was grilled because it was crispy in places. 

Sure, a trip to Del Taco or Taco Bell would be cheaper, but ew! Why go there when you can have real food? 2 tacos for $4 something is more than enough food for lunch, and I think the price is very reasonable. 

If you are heading west on Lake Mead, it may be difficult to get to the truck because you have to swing a u-turn and take an immediate right to get into the parking lot. Approaching from the east is a lot easier.
I've been wanting to try the hot dog here but I've been afraid to do so... till now! I was nervous about my order :a hot dog and fries ( I know it sounds silly but I was) I guess it's because It wasn't going to be a traditional hot dog that I know how to prepare. "Should I put ketchup on it"?..."Would it taste good with mustard?" .. ."Does he even have any mustard?" These were the questions popping in my mind before my order. While I was pondering over my important thoughts a customer comes up from behind me and praises the owner on the hot dog and fries ...calling the fries "savory". Then I thought I must try this too and see what this savory business is all about! I confidently placed my order. I asked if the fries are salty he said he didn't think so but he will go light on the spices. When I received my order he made me try the fries just to make sure they were just right because if they weren't he'd make a new batch for me. I thought ....Wow that's customer service! The fries were wonderful and the hot dog I was worried about was already prepared with the kimchee mix ..and I think ketchup...all I knew was it was melt in your mouth good! I usually like to pay attention to what I'm eating but it was "Double Yum" so I couldn't concentrate too well. I was full and happy for $4.25 ...that's the good stuff!
Looking for something different?  This is the place not your same old same taco stand. Had the beef tacos and his special Irish inspired. Clean friendly and delicious,  everything I look for in street food.
This food is the shit. I can easily say that I have eaten there more than anyone who does except Ron himself, and this food is so original and so awesome! Sophia must not have any fucking taste buds. Great service and great food for a good price.
Seriously now.... Has no one ever tasted korean food? This taste nothing like korean food. Please try kogi taco truck then you will understand. I'm pretty sure that's where this guy got the idea from. Worst korean tacos ever... F-
Awesome place. My brother took me there today and it is a great deal. I'm always looking for something different to try and this is definitely different. And amazing. Great combination of flavors. I'll definitely be going back.
I was on the other side of town running errands (buying dog goodies at Healthy Tails), and was heading to the 95 freeway to go home when I saw the Korean taco truck. I'd seen reviews of it, so thought I'd give it a change.

Had a nice chat with the owner while he was fixing stuff for the two people in line ahead of me. Talked about Bachi Burger, the Slider Truck, Food Network's "Great Food Truck Race," and other things.

I ordered the beef and pork tacos. Great price. $5 for two tacos. Not huge, but then I don't like big portions. I hate wasting food.

Sat in my car listening to Car Talk while I ate them. Only problem I had was spilling some of the juice on my white tee shirt. The tacos themselves were tasty, a little spicy, but not overly so. I like spice, but sometimes the heat just overpowers the taste of the meat. These were a nice mix of the meat, the marinade, and the toppings.

Two thumbs up. And unlike Fukuburger, they're open during the day! (I'm an early riser and have a hard time staying up late enough to get a Fukuburger fix.)
The filling was super tasty. I love the crunchy kim chee and bit of spice. The filling could have been more uh...full.
The tortilla was kind of dried out.
The sweet dough was tasty.
I'd go back again, but I'm not head over heels.

Update: I've been back...several times. The owner is passionate about what he does and follows yelp closely. He remembered me and asked about the dry tortilla. Apparently some like them more crispy.

I'm not sure if he is doing anything different, but my tortillas have been moist. (For me? No clue. Or maybe I'm hitting more freshly opened packages.)

Anyway, good guy. Good food. I'm now a regular. :-)
Just ate here for the first time and it was amazing.  The meat was extremely tender with rich flavor, and the tacos are very well balanced.  Tonight i had the egg and tofu, pork, and hallowiener taco.  The hallowiener was absolutely wonderful and he is selling it for a limited time only.  i strongly recommend to anyone that would like to try something new to try this food truck.
My boyfriend discovered the place after it opened outside of Lee's Liquor. We have a meal there AT LEAST ONCE A WEEK!

Nate Dog... truly fantastic! I will never do just ketchup and mustard again.
Chicken and beef and pork tacos are all divine. I can't get enough. I have to order one of them each time we go. Sweet but with a nice spicy kick that gets your mouth going.
Crazy Sweet Dough - best desert food I've had in a long time. Reminds me of some sort of wonderful carnival food (without the screaming children and gross person behind the counter).
The Not So Fries? Addicting. 

He also does "weekly specials" so make sure you hit up HANSHIK TACO on Facebook or Twitter. Last week was the "Halloweiner" and this week he had a special of coconut dusted hot wings and red curry dipping sauce.  TO DIE FOR. 

PLUS - The owner is a super rad super laid back guy who loves to chat it up while he's making our food to order. I've had to wait a while for my food before but I'm the type of person that will come again and again if you make my wait and my experience worthwhile. HANSHIK TACO certainly does that 

Check him out! And bring your friends! And then bring more of your friends!

:-)
I love this place. I've been here a few times and every time is amazing. The owner is always very friendly and makes you feel welcome when you're there. I think I've had just about everything on the menu, and the off-menu items are always very good, but I usually end up wishing that they were regular menu items! The tofu and egg taco is probably my favorite menu item. You wouldn't think that it would work out, but it does. He definitely knows what he's doing! Definitely 5-stars. Everyone should check this place out! It's not even 7am and I wish they were open right now!!
Lime garlic asian fries for a buck. Incredible. Best way to spend a dollar. To be honest I've never had mexican eats fused with Korean flavor.  I also had the tacos which I was so inspired by, for this food truck's boldness to try something different and original. Sidenote: i LOVE celantro. Me and celantro are bff's. Wherever and whenever I ask for a side of celantro, I'm hoping for finely chopped 4 ounces. This guy delivered with no questions asked. It put a smile on my face. The guy that owns the place is pretty cool, a chatterbox I could barely bite my food from conversing with the guy, but needless to say, friendly and chill. You get what you pay for, for food trucks. I recommend the lime fries. 

Wish it was a mobile truck to cruise around the city.
I've read all the reviews for this food truck and decided to try it out for myself!  When I walked up to the truck, I was greeted warmly by the owner and chef and when I got my food, WOW, incredible flavor and complexity to these korean tacos!  I experienced a multitude of sensations like savory, sweet, spicy, crunchy, juicy all in one bite!  And then there were Crazy's Sweet Dough!  They remind me of Hawaiian Malasadas, except smaller.  They were soo oo delicious and sweet!  Keep up the great work Hanshik Taco!  I don't see where the negativity from other reviews apply here!  Stop hating, people!
Loved it!!!  I came w/ my sister & we had the beef taco,  tofu & egg taco, the nate dog, & fries. I love Korean food & love tacos so I really enjoyed eating the dishes. I'm also a texture eater & I thought the texture & taste was perfect w/ each dish I ate.  Everything tasted so good! The fries were really addicting. Not your typical french fry.  After I ate the nate dog, I had to order another one because it was so good. For dessert the crazy fried dough was sooo good!  Very good service, clean & fast. The prices were right. It's on the same parking lot as Lee's Liquour so I'm definitely coming again! The location is kind of far from where I live, but I was on that side out town so I decided to try it. Luckily I have friends & relatives in that side of town so when I come visit them, I can stop by the truck & get my grub on. I'm actually craving Hanshiktaco as I'm typing this.
I was driving down Lake Mead with my Sister and Nephew and did a double take on this shiny Red Truck in front of Lee's Discount Liquor.  Well, I'm a sucker for trying new things and I was on a food truck high just having recently discovered Fuku Burger that past week....so, even though I was on my way to lunch I busted a U-ee and decided to have a taste. 

The operation is a one man show and the guy was nice enough.  So kudos to the humble service.  However, I can't speak too much about the food.  I was pretty disappointed.  Granted I had high hopes from the look of the truck and the overall concept of "Fusion Food," the Korean and Mexican flavors didn't quite well...fuse.   I ordered the pork taco and well it tasted under seasoned and the tortilla was just tasteless.  I was hoping for more flavor from the meat and maybe even just a warm tortilla would've have done wonders to add something to this very sad cold taco.  I really didn't even finish it.

I feel bad giving such a bad review, but hey...it's my honest opinion and I wish Hanshik Taco all the best and perhaps he'll try and put some more pizzaz in his food.

The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the seasoning on the fries were pretty yummy.
Tried the chicken taco and Korean nate dog, and as much as I liked the chicken taco...I LOVED the korean nate dog. The chicken taco is spicy and the kimchi adds a good bit of savory, sour taste. But the nate dog was awesome! it has a different spiciness to it, and the spicy mayo was bomb! dont eat it if youre on a diet though!! :D
Happened to try this place during their Challenge with "Slidin' Thru" Slider Truck this afternoon or more like yesterday afternoon. Pretty Cool Themed Truck/Trailer and Owner was delightful and Convincing as he briefly explained his inspirations for his creations of Korean Fusion Tacos and such..

Here is what I got roughly an HOUR after I placed my order:

Pork Taco & Beef Taco

Both the tacos had their version of korean inspired kimchee/saurkraut spiced with a twist. UUmmm.... Okay, I'm always up for new takes on food. First off, there wasn't much meat in either of the tacos and the tortilla made them look even more skimpy (especially for the price). Secondly, the beef was very bland, pretty chewy (not in a good way) and all I could really taste was spicy/heat?! Where's the flavor? Pretty much the same with the pork.. except it was a little juicier with a bit of flavor?! I couldn't comprehend what they were trying to accomplish here..

El Korean "Nate" Dog

This looked interesting but wasn't much different in regards to its flavor profile compared to the Tacos. The hot dog tasted like a regular hot dog and bun was no different. The only slight upside to this was the texture from the same kimchee/saurkraut thing that accompanied the tacos.  

Disregarding the horrendous wait (which was the dagger), the bang for the buck, and the slight edge the hot dog had over the tacos, I cannot give this place much justice. Sorry
Pretty average taco for a 60-70 minute wait. These guys are not ready for a prime time showdown.
Fantastic food. Fantastic service. I'm still addicted!!

Definitely give this place a try :) I'm not sure why so many people are hatin'... who cares if you have to wait a little bit? Quality of food is all that matters! Why do you think people are willing to sit in their cars for a half an hour down the street for a burger at In N Out? If I'm willing to do that, I'm willing to hang around Lee's parking lot for a coupe extra minutes for my Nate dog.
Tipppp theeeee truckkkkk.....SHIT, wrong truck!

This is exactly what mobile(sorta?) food should be like. Hanshiktaco really has it right even if they don't really move. When I walked up I was instantly identified as a noob and given a free sample of a doughy sweet ball of deliciousness. I was then told about the entire menu and all of it seemed to make my stomach rumble and my mouth water.

After listening to everything they offered I decided to go with the beef taco and one of their Korean dogs. The taco could only be described as tangy and sweet with enough spice to knock you on your ass. If you love sweet and spicy this place is definitely for you. The Korean dog was just as good and the texture of both dishes were spot on. Just the right amount of crunch to go with the soft, succulent beef.

Don't let the confusing prices fool you, after tax everything comes out to a round number. The atmosphere at this truck was pretty cool seeing as the staff was super helpful and the classic rock tunes were plentiful. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu, what are you waiting for?
Great food. Great service. Definitely go try this place. I haven't tried the egg&tofu but have had everything else and it's great. Fries are awesome!!!
Amazing, unique food, and great service!

Nothing else like it in Las Vegas, if you're looking for something different to wake up your taste buds this is the place!  Chicken, beef, pork, tofu & egg tacos and then the hot dogs ('Nate'/Korean dog) my fave... you've got a lot to choose from!

For the reviews that talk about an hour wait, you happen to be there on the rare day they were doing a food truck contest, what do you expect with that large a group of people?!  Yes, it takes a few minutes for them to cook the food, as they are cooking it fresh, (this is not a fast food joint!) but I've never waited more than maybe 5 minutes on any other day.

Highly recommended to anyone wanting unique, quality food with a smile.
Onyoung Money knows what he's doing!!!

I finally made the trip across town to check out HanshikTaco and wonder why I didn't try it sooner

Today I had the "Nate" dog and the Chicken taco.  Both were spot on delicious.  

The chicken taco -  Has really nice heat, maybe too hot for some, but nothing out of control.  The crunch from the kimchi adds excellent texture.  For those who aren't familiar with korean flavors, gochujang (red pepper paste) is used in many dishes, and has nice notes of salt, heat, and almost a garlic taste.  The kimchi (cabbage) used at Hanshik is  a mild and balanced approach to what can sometimes be quite sour.  

The "Nate" dog - The best hot dog I've had in Vegas!  No, this is not the Chicago dog some of you may know.  This delectable treat features many of the same flavors found in the tacos.  It was cooked perfectly, and featured that crisp snap that all the best hot dogs have.  

The owner, whose name I forget, but am dubbing Onyoung Money, is a solid guy.  We spoke for a while, and it became obvious that this is someone who takes a lot of pride in his product.  Onyoung Money is a 5 star guy, running a seriously spectacular joint on wheels.

Even though I live across town, I will certainly be back.  Komsahamnida for the great lunch!
The chicken tacos are incredible!!!  Nothing out there like it so you've got to try it.  The fusion is innovative and spicy.
I had to sit on this review for awhile because the excitement when I first tried it was overpowered by my excitement for trying something different. Now that my head is clear and the over-enthusiasm died down, I can write a fair review. 
This place was a random stop after checking out the liquor store for a Christmas gift. Ita cute and loud (music) with coolers as chairs--just like back home when we would party on the beach. The menu is simple: tacos, hot dog, sides and fried dough. We ordered a chicken taco, fries, hot dogs and sweet dough. To be honest, it's all good. The texture of the dogs are awesome, as are the tacos. Great flavors, great combo of the whole Korean spices with hot dogs and tacos. Overall, I'd eat there again for sure. 

I hope that they continue to serve what they have now. Fried dough is a great way to cool off the palette from the spicy flavors, so order a basket. Great experience!
We tried Hanshiktaco this summer. It's close to where I live and as soon as I saw it I was really excited to try it. I love trying new things and the food sounded really interesting. I've had L.A.'s famous Kogi tacos and was hoping for something similar from this truck. However, it was only okay. The flavors just weren't there. Good concept but more work is needed on the execution.

Hanshiktaco has quite a few good reviews, so I may need to try it again as they may have improved. However, I'm reluctant to do so based on my first experience.
I visited the little red food truck that never moves to try the rest of the menu and was very sad to find out they had just run out of chicken. SOL I thought, until the owner remembered that the same thing happened to me last time I showed up so he butchered a fresh batch of chicken special just for me. You just don't find that kind of service and that's why I needed to up my review to 5 stars.

The chicken taco was well worth the wait and the flavors were really on point. The egg and tofu had a really interesting texture that was improved by the crispy tortilla strings on top. Add in the really interesting flavor and spice of the fries and I was in heaven. My food coma was complete with the sweet dough for dessert which gets better after every sugary bite. Keep up the good food, great service, and the rest will fall into place!
Quality is consistent. Hanshiktaco FTW!
A staple- delicious and one of my favorite places to eat in town with friends. Everything on the menu is delicious, of the highest quality, and nicely priced. I have yet to eat something from hanshiktaco that I did not love thoroughly, especially the weekly specials. The owner can come up with dishes as unique as roasted turkey/sweet potato/Mexican gravy quesadillas, while still ensuring that every ingredient is of high quality and delicious. The most underrated food truck in town. If you haven't yet, try it!
Had a chicken taco, beef taco, Nate dog and fries. All very good and for $9.25, a steal. Definitely recommended.
Found this place by accident. Was going to buy some wine at Lee's and my friend pointed to Hanshiktaco...it was dark, no lights and I didn't want her to walk there alone...so cut to the chase...Ron the owner is a very cool guy, food very good for the price and kudo's to the Lee family for letting him be there...its places like this that give Vegas its cool vibe....shame on you people giving him one or two stars....
People are SLEEPING on Hanshik Taco!! Wake up and smell the not-so-french FRIES!  The seasoning that Ron(owner) puts on the fries probably has some crack in it cuz it's addicting and action packed with flavor, sweet and spicy and I find myself craving it, and scratching my neck. Just playin on the scratching the neck part.

As for the taco's, I've tried every single one and my favorite is probably the beef taco, the flavors soak in it more. Second favorite is the chicken taco, ooooh SPICY!  The kimchi that's in the tacos compliment it so well.  Every single time I eat here it's just super consistent with greatness and quality.  It's just overall bomb.org yeah org as in orgasm! Bomb.com too tho.  Best of luck to this humble food truck!
Ron is super friendly and nice.  He takes his business and all the reviews on this site and others seriously... but maybe a little too personally.  But it's his livelihood so I can respect that.  

I've been here a few times and I'm a big fan of the fries, the pork taco, and the Nate dog.  Everything has a good, fresh flavor to it and if you need to make it spicy, the siracha is right there!  The Nate dog is already pretty spicy, though.

Plus he's been great about hosting food truck events in the parking lot, promoting other food trucks that may or may not be lesser known.  He's not afraid of a little competition. :) From talking to him, I think he's worked out the kinks in his service system when big groups show up for the food truck events.  Basically, you'll just wait in line long but get your food faster, like how Slider Truck operates.  Ever notice how the order guy for Slider Truck disappears for a while each time after taking an order?  He's managing the tickets so the nice gentlemen cooking the food don't get slammed.  Hopefully now that Ron is wise to that technique, things will go more smoothly when the crowds show up.  It's great that he's flexible and willing to learn and experiment with both the food and the service.

All in all, a great food truck and it's nice that he has a consistent location so I don't have to track him down.
Who knew that Korean food and a tortilla could taste so good? Ok maybe a million people in LA did. Until a little Italian came along with a love for the cuisine and cooking planted roots in a Lee's Discount Liquor parking lot, we were missing out. Before opening shop Ron (the owner) out of respect for the food and the people sought approval from the Korean community before even opening shop and they happily accepted the dishing from his kitchen. Now that's respect baby.

With that said let me tell you that this is some good stuff and when you go you'll be hooked. What I love about it is that you can tell that the meat is properly marinated, there are layers of flavors and everything is properly seasoned. The amount of filling is perfect and the price is so so right. We almost feel guilty paying so little for something so good and so satisfying.  And come back often because Ron gets a little crazy and busts out something special that's seasonal that'll take your taste buds to another level.
I came here a couple of weeks ago for 2nd Sundays. This is an event where instead of having one food truck there was two more! I thought  that was a really cool idea!

This time I only had one beef taco because I I had to make room to try the other trucks because I haven't ate any others before. The taco was still delicious and I'll be looking forward to the next 2nd Sunday!
Man I love this place! What a great idea, Korean style food meets Mexican taco made by a white guy and you can get an Italian soda! It has everything you need. I order the Nate dog every time I go. The owner likes to call me Vinny from Jersey Shore, even tho I dress way better then that guy. 
Everything on the menu is really good so good so order a taco and some sweet dough, you will be glad you did.
Customer service is great, the location is nice.  They always seem to have an event going on Sunday and the liquor store right next to him always has a cook off on Saturdays. This is a great weekend lunch spot.
It seems I've been hearing nothing but great things about food trucks lately.  The inception and subsequent success of Kogi BBQ in L.A. a couple of years ago incited a food revolution like no other.  Suddenly, mobile restaurants started to appear one by one, not only in the City of Angels, but major metros across America.  I'm glad to have been witness to the shift in the food paradigm and I'm equally as glad to been a part of the experience at Hanshiktaco.

Crammed in the corner of the Lee's Discount Liquor parking lot, Hanshiktaco, although inconspicuous, delivers on so many levels.   Firstly, the food is outstanding.  Hunger was an egregious understatement at this point in time, so I ordered both a beef taco and the "Nate" dog.  I found that the meat in the taco was laden with a smooth, yet unexpectedly spicy marinade which makes all of the difference in my opinion.  The soft tortilla the meat was sprinkled in made a perfect pairing.   The "Nate" dog was very good, but I wouldn't declare it the best dog in Vegas like many others have suggested.  I respectfully give that distinction to Great Links on Craig/Jones.

On to the service.....impeccable.  Ron made us feel like we've known him for years and also allowed us to try a free order of his Crazy's Sweet Dough, which was similarly tasty.   He also asked us to return for 2nd Sundays, which typically feature other food trucks in the area such as Sloppi Jo's, Snow Ono Shaved Ice and the Slider Truck to name a few.  Ruefully, I was unable to return as that was our last day in Vegas, but I will be certain to make the trek back when we return to visit our family again, which is very often.
Definitely a must try! 

I was very pleased and this place has the spice that most Asians are craving. 

Chicken tacos- had the spice from the kim chee. A little bit much for me, but I know most people like this. Nice fresh flavor too. Although some type of salsa would have been nice. 

Fries- they had some type of red seasoning similar to the taste of Hot Fries chips from the bag. Also pretty spicy. 

Sweet dough- this was my absolute favorite. Nice soft dough sprinkled with sugar. Warm and moist, simplicity at it's finest. 

Great service. Can't ask for more.
So this coincidently is right down the street from our gym. My husband was driving past it one day and decided to stop best thing he could have ever done!!!!!! He kept raving about these "Korean tacos" for a week before I finally broke down and said lets go try it. WOW is all I have to say we started with their Nate dog and not so French fries. I have had everything on their menu, and look forward to their specialty tacos that change every two weeks. All I can say about Ron's (owner/chef) creations is ammmmmaaaaazzziinngggg!!!!! He's always coming up with different yet delicious treats! Sometimes i'm skeptical to try like his Persian, but in the end it is always a blend of flavors that I end up craving all week long! He's extremely customer friendly and you can always tell when someone is truly proud and happy with his work. If I were him I would too!!!!! My Husband even participated in his Nate dog eating contest swore he could never eat one again but after a week started craving the deliciousness that is the Nate dog!!! Definitely a hidden gem we HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend you stop and try this place, we drive across town most of the time just to eat here. Do not listen to the negative comments below, its not meant to be "traditional" Korean. Come here with an open mind and leave with a very very happy belly!!
Very interesting tacos I expected to taste Kim chi for the slaw but it was more of a slaw fries were great
Disclaimer: I used to work in LA where my lunch options were a line of lunch trucks everyday. I ate from the famous Kogi truck and the other copycats at least once a week. So this review might be a bit skewed because I already have a set expectation of what I want it to taste like. 

I ordered the pork taco and tofu & egg taco, along with a side of fries. I didn't see an option to order the famous garlic fries that everyone was raving about though. But, it's all good- I was there for the tacos. 

There were quite a few people in front of me but I didn't mind because I just made my way over to the Snow Ono truck parked next door. Plus, they had some great oldies playing- kriss kross (jump, jump) and sublime. 

Okay- onto the food.  2.5 stars.
*The seasoning on the fries was nice, but the fries themselves didn't taste fresh.  
*The pork taco had a nice flavor, as did the egg & tofu, but I was disappointed with the kimchi.  I appreciated the texture, but was hoping for more of that kimchi kick.
*I am also used to a soft corn tortilla- and these were enveloped by a hard, chewy flour tortilla. 

Regardless, I ate the entire thing and will probably return because it is definitely tastier than any fast food joint.  It is right around the corner from where I live so if I see a short line- I will definitely give the Nate dog and Sweet dough a try, with hopes to update this review.
If you love some Asian spice then you've reached your destination, that's if you like kimchee if not then I guess not. 

The first time I came here was with my bf so we ordered the Nate Dogg, we both liked it. It was loaded with flavor mmmm....just thinking about it makes me want some. It's a definitely must try! As for the french fries, it was good but way too salty for me. My second visit was during a Food Truck Fest so I decided to get the beef tacos, it was good not the greatest. I do want to try their sweet dough that I've heard so much about, so I guess I'll be coming back here some time. 

Oh yeah you have to expect the long lines and wait during a Food truck Fest. People always complain about the long lines, so to avoid the long lines go to their main location spot when you can.
I waiver between 3 and 4 stars. While I know others who have grabbed eats from here regularly, thus far, I have only ordered from here once. And therefore, this review is based solely on my one experience.

After hearing about the Nate Dog, it clearly became what I was jonesing for. As a side, I opted for the sweet dough.

The hot dog was good, it just wasn't great. It's skinny and the toppings are far from plentiful. But the flavor is there and it's cooked well. I think if it had a better quality bun, I would have enjoyed it more.

The sweet dough was yummy, but nothing that left me craving for more. It was just average.

I am anxious to try out the tacos and fries, though, so I will definitely be back. And everything else about the experience was great. 

What is really nice is the pricing. The pricing definitely makes me lean more to 4 stars. There's really nothing overpriced about this place, and that's a nice change of pace.
well well well, now these tacos are not just good, they are gnikcuf delicious. i came here my first time about a year ago and boy oh boy was i nervous taking street food from a chicago fan. But i was in heaven, these tacos are so good i drive all the way from sahara and hollywood to enjoy them. the owner is a nice guy, he loves talking about mma which is cool because he keeps with the now. with that said, go give these tacos and the other items he has a try. and when you grab the fries, have him dust a little extra of his secret seasoning salt on em..bbboooommmbbbbbbb
i love this place.  the hot dog is my favorite!
So a few weeks ago I decided to break down and give Hanshiktaco another try. The food was okay. Not horrible and not great. I'm sticking with my one star, because the entire time I was waiting for my food the owner was bashing Yelp and Urbanspoon. I really don't appreciate people talking #$&! when I'm buying food from them. Will NOT be going back!
Pretty darn good food. Owner obsessed with reviews though.
I really wanted to like this place because I love the idea of a Korean taco but they fell short.  I tried one of each taco and didn't feel they were well executed.  The tacos have a lot of juice and gets all over your hands if you're not careful, so it doesn't work that great as street food.  Also, I thought the kimchi tasted too sour and overpowered the meat.  However, I did really like their fries and though the seasoning was really tasty, similar to Cajun fries.
I never actually ate at this mobile dump, but I did make an attempt several months ago. When I rolled up, there were three people (two wearing aprons) sitting in the front patio puffing away on their Marlboro's. Is there anything more nasty than the guy about to make your overpriced taco sucking away on a cancer stick? Mmm come get the nicotine taco special folks!! I noticed a bunch of cooks and owners over the years acting similiar and I will walk away each time. I don't care if you wash your hands ten times either, first impressions count. Smoke in the back please. nasty. a waste  of a good trailer.
If Kim Chee were a religion, I would join and drink its sweet spicy salvation from a cabbage filled chalice with little objection. I adore Korean flavors, and I appreciate this budding business's attempt to bring its complexity to the Lake Mead masses in such a simple way. Egg-Tofu version gets at the flavors for non-meat eaters.  

Yes, yes I know we have all had comparative truck gourmet in Cali, but we've all apparently left Cali to move to Vegas, so let's support our local food truck entrepreneurs, especially those bold enough to sling Korean.   

Down with Man, Up with Van!
The food was great and reasonably priced. It was a little annoying how the owner/cook kept name dropping the Lee family and telling how he was friends with them. He also made several obnoxious racial comments (ie: "I'm an egg- yellow on the inside and white on the outside.") As a Korean American, I found this distasteful. The food was good enough, but if you go, have a sense of humor about the commentary.

Also, the owner of this business is painstakingly flaming/making personal attacks against anyone who leaves a less than perfect review of his establishment. Although I would've come back for the food, this obnoxious response is enough to keep anyone away.
I'm so so happy to have places within 5 minutes of my house where I can get a tasty, cheap lunch! 
I've been wanting to try this place for ages, but every time I went by they were closed. Sad face!
I finally figured out when they were going to be open and zipped on down to try out the "controversial" tacos myself.
Contrary to some of the reviews, these tacos were DELICIOUS. I tried both the chicken and the pork taco, along with the fries.
The chicken taco was the spicier of the two, but that pork taco was no slouch either! The fries were perfectly crispy and  slightly spicy. Two tacos and fries came up to 8 bucks, which is slightly (by a few quarters) higher than what's listed on the site, so if you tend to not carry too much cash on you, remember that. 2 tacos were $5, and the fries were $2. All in all pretty cheap. 
Currently they're open 10-2, but the guy in the truck (sorry, don't remember your name) told me they would be expanding the hours once it got cooler. 
In short, tasty food + cheap + friendly service = Happy Heather.
Boy the reviews for this place are all over the map.  Well I just finally ate there and I thought it was decent.  Guy working was cool and friendly, had RUN DMC playing I thought that was a nice throwback.  Anyway, had a "Nate Dog"  a pork taco and the sweet balls.  Nate wasn't really my thing, was a grilled hot dog with mayo-ish sauce, and I am not much of a mayo fan.  However I thought the pork taco was REALLY good, somewhat spicy but very meaty and fresh.  And the balls, well, they were good too - served very hot with a sweet sauce. 

I suppose it is worth trying if you are into this kind of food.  I'd probably eat there again but these comments about cheap food - no.  It was $2.50 a taco.  For me "cheap" is Del Taco and a 59c taco which is basically across the street.  Yes Mr. Hanshishtaco if you read these, your pork taco was better than any taco at Del Taco but I would guess most guys especially, to fill up at this place, you are looking at $10 easy.
RIP Hanshiktaco. You will be missed.
Finally got to try the long-awaited Fuku goodness tonight! I wasn't all that hungry, so I just got a Tamago. My favorite Red Robin burger is the Royal because of the egg, so the Tamago fits my style. The meat was cooked perfectly and it had just the right amount of sauce to be juicy but not unmanageable. If this burger is any indication of Fuku's potential, then I cannot wait to try every item on their menu.

Tonight was just one of a series of soft openings for this brand new burger truck. I'll be there on the 4th of July when they have their official debut.
After the success of Slider Trucks, its no surprise that more food trucks popped up. The Japanese inspired food truck delivers in creativity, but needs to work on execution. 

I went with the #1 Fuku Burger that costs $5. Its your traditional burger of tomatoes, lettuce, and onions, but with pickled garlic and their Fuku sauce. My first bite, I knew I wouldn't be a fan of it. First, the sauce drowned the entire burger, so you really couldn't taste anything else. The burger patty also had something in it, possibly the garlic that just obliterates the pallet where you can't even taste anything anymore. Lastly, they used a lot of salt, and I mean a lot of it. I'm not one to usually ding a place for using MSG or anything else that makes you thirsty, but I never EVER had to drink so much water after eating a meal. 4 full glasses of water last night and as I'm writing this review, drinking even more water. Ridiculous. 

For mentioning Yelp, I got the free flavored ice mountain. Mine was really a mountain, I think it was taller than the Stratosphere. Regular price is $3, which is pricey for literally shaved ice and artificial food flavorings. There wasn't anything special about this, but anything cold in the hot Vegas summer would be good. 

I didn't get a chance to try the garlic fries because they ran out. Forgivable? Yes. However, its not a good sign especially for a grand opening.

The wait time for the food is similar to Slider Truck, but I would say Fuku is slightly faster. For a decent size line, expect a 5 minute wait. Then expect another 10 - 15 minutes for your food. Definitely not a place to grab a quick bite.

Again, I'll say the same thing as I did for Slider Truck as a suggestion for this place. Be considerate about how you communicate with your customers, whether its food shortages, locations, or any important information. Remember that not everyone has access to internet all the time. 

I give this place credit for being creative, but at the end of the day the food just didn't work. There is a lot of room for improvement and I'm willing to try this place again in the future if its around my area. Otherwise, its not worth driving and hunting for this place with so many other venerable burger places in town.
I believe Fukuburger has a lot of potential.  Like many others I attended the grand opening of the Fukuburger Truck on July 4th.  I love the creativity that went into creating a menu that put together Japanese ingredients and the American burger.  I like how each burger has one unique ingredient that makes me want to try the entire menu.  Fukuburger is on the right track, they just have some fine tuning to do.  

I had myself the #5 Karai (burger with cucumber, lettuce, avocado cream, spicy mayo) while my friend had the #2 Tamago (burger with fried egg, onion strings, teriyaki and furikake).  We also shared a side of macaroni salad topped with furikake.  

The Karai had some good flavors going for it; when you got lots of sauce in that bite.  Take one bite of the burger alone and you have yourself a mouthful of salty beef.  I'm not sure what seasoning was used but it certainly felt full of sodium.  The Tamago also had some saltiness issues, but had a great flavor mix going on with the yolk of the fried egg.  The mac salad was...mac salad.  It didn't disappoint but didn't make my taste buds explode either.

Two burgers, a mac salad, and a bottle of water came out to $15; which would normally be fine, as there are other burger places in town where you can expect to spend at least $10 per person.  The thing with Fukuburger, though, is that $15 and a couple burgers later, my friend and I were still ready to eat more.  Larger than a slider, but smaller than a Kilroy's burger, a Fukuburger sits in the weight class where you want to have a side of fries to leave your stomach satisfied.

As is, I might could see myself stopping by Fukuburger again if it's nearby and I really want a burger.  And I'll probably be doing just that, with the hopes that the recipes are fine tuned and the pricing is adjusted (either lower by a dollar or so, or maybe serve larger burgers).  I'm hopeful that Fukuburger will improve as time goes on.
The Skinny: fusion Asian burgers that are interesting but need some work, kakigori was really nice in the oppressive Vegas heat (get Lime flavour by the way) (3) Service - pretty friendly staff who are eager to show you how to open up Ramune bottles (3.5), Value - not too shabby given the quality for a food truck (3).

My hubby and I joined the line of Yelperazzi for their grand opening July 4th. The kakigori (snowcone) was welcome while we waited for the truck to warm up the grill. I haven't had a snowcone in years but it certainly brought back childhood memories.

Although we weren't able to sample the fries from a deep-frier malfunction, we were able to taste the tamago (egg) burger and the kinoko (mushroom) burger.

The burgers themselves were a tasty mouthful however I did have some complaints. Although I really like the flavouring of the patties (reminescent of korean bbq), it did suffer from overseasoning. The patties had a mite too much char on it for my taste. The Kinoko burger could have used some more mushroom on it as well.

Overall, a pretty nice experience - will try it again if it's in the area. However, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to grab another burger.
I'm not ready to upgrade my star rating to 11 yet, but I wanted to add to my review. I eventually made it out to the 4th of July grand opening, but not until about 11pm. By that time, they finally figured out the fryer issue. Somehow, Colin recognized me from Yelp, so he offered me a complimentary Katsu burger (made possible by the now working fryer). To be honest, I don't like Katsu. I usually find it to be dry and lacking flavor. Fortunately, Fuku's Katsu burger is the exact opposite - juicy and tender, and none of that oily yucky after effect. It also has their wasabi mayo, which adds an extra dimension to the sandwich.

Full disclosure: I am friends with the wife of one of the owners. However, I only met him for the first time tonight. In any case, my opinions are based on what I really think of the food. I truly enjoy it, but as others have said, they are brand new to the scene and can only improve. (I saw today on Twitter that they are dropping the prices of all the burgers to $5 even).

On a final note, I really like their concept. Both of them are soon-to-be former Tao employees. They aim to cater to industry workers and that late night on-my-way-to-being-hung-over crowd. In that sense, they're not really competing with Slider Truck. There's definitely room in this town for two good mobile burger options.
Fuk U!  Exactly!  Because that's my reaction after my first bite of this delectable greasy morsel of deliciousness.  The burger had a teriyaki sweetness to it.  I would classify it as a "tweener" burger not even a normal-size burger.  With that said, I'm getting half a bang for my buck but that's why you pay for hamburger meat that's grinded fresh everyday.  

With my last bite about to be devoured....the echo of me yelling NOOOOOOOO in slow motion because I unfortunately made the HUGE mistake of eating my Tamago Burger standing up as the runny egg yolk was dripping down on my new pairs of kicks!  Grrrrrr!!!  

Anyhoo....creative menu with an occasional special and it just works.  So keep it going Mr. Colin Fuku and the crew.  Pick up your FukUBurger up in Chinatown next to BofA for now.  Otherwise if you don't than your Fuk'd!
Did I just get FUKUd Up???

What can I say that hasn't been said, this place is amazing, the Burgers are INSANE, the fries are hella good, and if you mention Yelp you get some free shaved ice!!!

I had the Tamago (egg burger) and Buta Burger (bacon burger), both were amazing, but my nod goes to the Buta Burger...everything is better with BACON!!!

The fries were great, and the shaved ice was a nice final touch.

A friend I went with had the Naga Dog, and needless to say I will be having one of there next time, it looked amazing.

The guys who run the truck are hella friendly, and they are getting settled into their location, it's kind of nice to have them in the same spot most nights so you don't have to hunt them down like you do the slider truck.

$5 a burger seems like a pretty solid price and after 2 burgers and fries I was stuffed, (well there's always room for shaved ice).

I have already made 2 of my friends Fukuheads, and I will be stopping in a few more times!!!

Let's get Fukud Up!!!
Finally got a chance to try Fukuburger tonight, and boy am I glad.  This guy has a huge passion for his burgers and gave me his story without me even asking.  In this economy, if you can get out there and meet your customers and they can get a better feeling what you're all about, they'll tip more and return more often.  That's my case, at least.  I got a burger and the fries for $7 and gave him more than that.  I got a free "jelly" or something for the tip, which I'm scared to try.

The burger was delicious.  Reminder me of Unami in LA.  I downed my burger in 2 seconds flat.  The fries were good, but not great, but the dipping sauces make up for it.  On top of that, this place does the late night hours, so I came out at like 2am and they were going strong.  Awesome party vibe going on out front the truck.  It's a trip.
I  kept hearing about this Fuku burger truck.  Finally decided to try it tonight.  So glad I did.  The burger was DELICIOUS! I'm not much of a burger eater, but THIS burger was awesome.  One of the owners Colin Fukunaga came over to our car shook our hands and started talking to us, telling us the story of why they do what they do and how they do it.  When he finally walked away we all dug into our food.  OMG the flavor in this burger was insane.  Definitely nothing I've tried before.  Thing I hate most is eating outside and in the heat, but this burger was worth eating outside out of the back of my friend's car and in the heat.  I had the Tamago Burger which is the burger with a fried egg, crispy onion strings, topped with teriyaki & something else I can't read it off the menu. 

One of my friends had the Naga dog which is a spicy link topped with home-made pickled daikon relish and grilled kim chee. Drizzled with wasabi mayo and kabayaki sauces then finished with hari nori.  Colin said it's like the Jap dog in Vancouver.  Makes me miss Vancouver lol.  

My other friend Jas had Buta-burger.  Apple wood smoked bacon, american cheese, pickled ginger, + Japanese bbq sauce. 

All of it was mouthwatering.  For a girl that can't sit in a dirty restaurant and eat (cuz we all know the dirtier the restaurant the better the food) , questioning whether these trucks are clean enough to not give me tummy rumbles...this truck gets two thumbs up from me.
I stopped by Fuku tonight on my way home and invented a new delicacy.

It's the Hakujin, it's the Buta Burger(miso bacon cheese burger) with a fried egg on top, actually is should be ordered as the Fat Hakujin which is a Buta Burger with 2 patties, and a fried egg, it's what I ordered tonight, and will without a doubt be ordering again...trust me it's amazing!!!

If you check out Fuku please order a Fat Hakujin, or atleast a Hakujin, you won't be disappointed, because it's FUKUing AMAZING!!!
To top my burger raging frenzy, i had to try fuku burger and it turned out BOMB DIGITY.  

Came here with my cousins late night and ordered the Tamago, Kinoki? i think(mushroom), and the fukuburger.  All 3 were pretty amazing but if i had to rank them itd be 

1.) Tamago
2.) Fuku
3.) Mushroom one

The fries were also very tasty and comes with a garlic togarashi seasoning, ketchup and some other white dipping sauce (dont be perverted now).

The strawberry lemonade was also delicious and hits the spot in this heat.

For my negatives, itd prolly be the size of the fries, the burgers were good but my tomago was a little messy and the egg yolk broke before i even bit into it.  Even though itd break anyways, just saying that it'd be nice for the yolk not to get all soaked up in my bun right away.  Other than that, the price was decent and service was friendly.

Will definitely come back...many many many times.
Living in Las Vegas, we are blessed to have some magnificent weather.  Sure it may get hot during the day in the summer but when night rolls around, being outside is simply majestic.  Why not then, combine the social aspects of dining with the wonderful atmosphere that a desert summer night can provide?  Well the guys behind the Fukuburger truck have done just that.  Not only have they created a social atmosphere unlike anything else in Vegas, they have created a menu that doesn't suffer one iota from the limitations that a mobile kitchen can create.

Setting up shop in a non-descript parking lot in Chinatown on Spring Mountain, the truck may be small but packs a hell of a culinary punch.  After meeting one of the owners Colin, he walked me through the menu and explained all the ingredients are made from scratch and sourced from local Asian markets.  Everything he showed me looked and sounded great so I asked him what his favorite was and he said the Tamago Burger.  Never one to shy from a good recommendation, I ordered that with some of their garlic fries that come with an Asian inspired aioli sauce.  

As I waited for my food to be prepared, the stream of people coming and ordering their dinner was non-stop.  Patrons were also pulling up their cars, playing music, drinking beers they brought and the whole atmosphere reminded me of a tailgate if it was hipsters running the show and not jocks.  It then donned on me that Fukuburger had really captured something awesome.  Food at the end of the day is food, some is better than others.  What truly makes a place special is if they pair their food with an atmosphere that does the food justice.  For some spots that mine mean white table clothes and an ocean view.  For others, that might mean nothing more than the American look of greasy spoon and for Funkuburger, it was the energy of Chinatown and Las Vegas and the desert warmth.  

I devoured my food as soon as it was prepared and enjoyed the complex flavors that the Asian/burger fusion provided.  The guys behind Fukuburger have really explored their Asian roots and let their imaginations run wild with their creations.  The Tamago Burger I got had an egg, onion straws and the meat was marinated in Teriyaki and other spices of the Orient.  A nice treat for this Jewish boy.  The fries were good too, nothing that will set the world on fire but they certainly complemented the burger nicely.  

The prices are very reasonable (think 7-8 bucks a person) and the service very friendly and accommodating.  In the end, I came for the food and stayed for the atmosphere.  I cant wait to come back and visit the Asian-inspired tailgate party that captures the true essence of social dining.

I hate gushing but they had me at Fuku....
Caught the Fukuburger truck tonight in Chinatown.  I was tweeting the location (behind Bank of America and across the street from Pho Kim Long) to a friend and this is the response I got "fuku burger and pho kim long... love to say those names fast. play on words and sounds like porn stores! good food though".

The staff is personable and friendly.  I received several un-necessary apologies for the wait (they were maybe a dozen or so customers hanging out) and for not having my food wrapped to go (that was entirely my fault because I didnt know they could wrap stuff up to go).

The menu is short (6 different burgers and a hot dog, strawberry lemonade, shave ice, french fries and mac salad... i think thats it).

I ordered the Tamago (Fuku patty with a fried egg, crispy onion strings and a nice sprinkling of furikake) and my boyfriend ordered 2 Karais (spicy burger with yummy seasoned cucumbers) thinking (for some reason) they were spicy chicken sandwiches. Maybe because it was next to the Chicken Katsu burger? I don't know. I also ordered fries and a strawberry lemonade.

OMG.

The burgers were hot, juicy and delicious. The lemonade refreshing but not overly sweet.  The french fries had a yummy seasoning and were served with 2 different dipping sauces (some kind of creamy one and another sweet and sour type sauce).

My boyfriend is an unofficial burger snob and he was impressed by the flavors and by the fact that this "fast-food" truck didnt overcook his patty...they weren't even taking temperatures...just cooking them a yummy medium/medium-well.

Bottom Line:
Hot, juicy burgers with a Japanese twist from a trendy food truck. Bring your own seating or do what we did and take it home.  At $5 a pop we are definitely finding this truck again. Oh... AND they're open 8pm until Late... a definite plus plus for us (since we usually don't get out of work until 12 or 1 am).
I've been here with my bf about 4 times already and we've tried 4 different burgers so far, just 3 more things to try. 

I guess my only complaint would be that their last westside wednesday sucked. First of all, they said they were gonna be their at 6, so we got there at about 6:30, but they weren't there. We asked the Red Handed Tattoo people when they'd be there and they said 7, so we waited and they still weren't there at 7! We ended up calling the truck and they said they were running late and would be there at 8. That STILL didn't happen. They ended up coming at almost 9. We waited for almost 3 hours. They could've at least twittered something about being late... It was our first time ever going to the truck and it wasn't making that great of an impression on us. That was...until we tried the burgers ;) The burgers turned out frowns upside down cuz it was definitely worth the wait. 

Since it was already 10pm when we finished our burgers we decided to drive around and come back at like midnight since they were suppose to have people break dancing. We came back and people were barely breaking; They'd kinda just keep going and doing random tricks. The music was horrible too; I wish I would've just gone up and plugged in my mp3. They would keep changing the volume of the music and keep changing songs because there was nothing good on their ipod. We kept staying longer cuz we thought something good was going to happen, but it was already 1am and no one was really breaking, so we just left. I'm sure Wednesdays will get better for them once they start getting more popular though. 

They're pretty quick with the output of their orders for the most part. We've never had to wait more than 15 minutes for our food, but I've seen some people that have. Just the other day we went here with a few friends and they ordered about 10 minutes before us, but we ended up getting our food like 30 minutes before they got theirs! I didn't really understand what happened, but they were given FREE strawberry lemonade and FREE shaved ice for waiting so long. I think that was a pretty good recovery. 

I really love the Tamago burger, it has egg in it which I LOVE in my burgers. The fries and mac salad are bomb as well. Sometime they put too much seasoning on their mac salad though, so you gotta make sure to really mix it in. 

We're pretty fond of this truck because it's a pretty laid back place to eat and they're open late! After eating the same ol' graveyard specials all the time, of course you're gonna love something new like this.
i love how this place reminds me of cali or PI, just chillin with good food and good company with good conversation on a stoop or lawn chairs. the food here is really good. i got the "mushroom burger", it was yummy. but it was really plain compared to what my boyfriend got. i ordered him the "egg burger". holy shiz, that was delicious. but you know what would be even better?? if they combined the egg burger WITH the mushroom burger. yumms. also you need to order the fries, i like the way their seasoned. it comes with banana ketchup and this amazing sauce, its like yumyum sauce or something like that. but i think they mix some crack in it or something, because it is delicious. 
it is a food truck, so you need to bring your own chair or park your car close tot he truck so you can chill there with some music, or just come with a lot of friends so you can conversate because the wait for the food is a while... just because there are SO many people there. but they try their hardest to get the food out asap. make sure to tip them too, because the "tip jelly" is yummy.
Katsu burger and tamago burger.. Hands down the best.. They are open late and service is great.. $5 burgers can't be beat..
I was able to try the FUKU truck on the night of 8/14/10. I was leaving club XS and my friends who live in Vegas told me about this truck and told me I had to try it. So they picked me and my friends up and we went down Spring Mountain right across the street from Pho Kim Long (Loan?) right next to the BofA. It was about 430am and the guys were closing up for the night but they stayed open to make my order. I ordered the #3 with an extra patty and an egg on top. Some customer guy there recommended it and referred to it as the Hakujin but the guys that worked there called it the "fat whiteboy". It was so damn good. It was soaked in the sauce and got everywhere and the burger was so tall I couldnt fit it in my mouth and I'm a big boy. Honestly, I needed a fork and knife to eat it properly. The guys that worked there were pleasant, the food was good and YOU GOTTA TRY THEIR GARLIC FRIES with "Crack sauce"! It was the ideal addition to the burger. A definite must have! I think I'm gonna make it a routine stop each time I go to Vegas. Try it, you wont regret it BUT you gotta be able to get down and dirty cause if it dont get all over the place it dont belong in your face!
OK. I said I would provide a final review update once I've gone through the entire FUKU menu. That occurred last Friday, but I've been slacking. So here it is in all its anticlimactic glory.

I must say that I've really become a FUKU fan over the past few weeks. They seem to have really hit their stride. Some of their burgers aren't quite as good as others. But that's not because they're bad. They're all bloody good! They're just not as super fuku awesome as my two faves: the Tamago and the Katsu.

And now they're doing secret menus?!? Just tonight, they posted on Twitter that they are doing Fuku-Moco, for one night only. I'm missing out! Last week, someone messaged me on Twitter that I need to try the "Fat Hakujin." It's apparently a double Buta (bacon) burger with egg. I had a double Buta once and it kicked my butt. In any case, I think I'd rather get a single Buta with egg. I want to be able to savor all of the ingredients and not be overwhelmed with their beef patties (as good as they are).

Seriously. Whenever someone suggests or even hints at going to Fukuburger, I get totally psyched. It's become pretty much a weekly thing.

GET LUCKY!
I finally tried my first food truck in Vegas!  After hopping around food carts in Portland for half a week, this was still on the brain.  I knew Fukuburger would be near where I was, so I made the trip over and told them I was a first timer :)  I got the karai (spicy) with "extra spicy" and mentioned I am a Texan.  I also gave a lil YEEHAW!  So when my burger was ready, they called out YEEHAW!!!!  Strawberry lemonade was soooo good.  I am not usually one to order sweet drinks, but I enjoyed this a lot, savoring it til I got home after a 15 min drive.

The burger itself was tasty, a nice size.  Loved the fresh cucumbers, and it had a zing, but I never found or tasted the avocado.  The guy behind me had just arrived in moving truck to Vegas from my hometown Houston, so we started chatting.  He ordered the tamago burger, my next choice when I get to Fukuburger again, and scarfed it down and his side of fries faster than me.  It is probably because I talked more than I ate though.  I tend to do that!  

Anyway, the guy taking orders overheard me say I Yelped to my new line-friend, and said Yelpers are hard to please.  I told him if he had napkins, then I am easy to please.  Anyway, they had some special burgers for $1 more to check out too.

*Note: While I came prepared with cash, they surprisingly take credit cards.  The people who did pay that way got called out though - they yell CREDIT CARD!!!!! when the request to pay that way is made :)
Tried it for the first time last night and was impressed with the food and the atosphere. Music pumping, people hanging out it was a great time. I had the Kinoko and loved all of the flavors in it. I will travel to spring mtn. again just for a FUKUBURGER!!
So, between FB, Twitter, Yelp & friends I had heard a LOT of buzz about the Fuku Burger truck, and the Slider Truck. Slider Truck was off on Sunday, and I was more interested in the sake kobe burgers from Fuku anyway. We found the truck by B of A in Chinatown. Nice little group formed around it, sitting on misc. outdoor furniture & upside down 5 gallon buckets. Between the 3 of us we got the Spicy Burger, Lucky Burger & Egg Burger, fries & a Naga Dog to share. All the burgers were delicious, my favorite being the Spicy. The fries were good, and came with an interesting sauce, possibly a ginger miso type thing? But the Naga Dog was B
Who hunted down the FUKUburger truck 3 times in one week (back to back to back nights)? ME. That's who.

A couple weeks later we popped a couple or our friends' FUKUcherries when I ordered food to go to enjoy while watching UFC118 at their home...

Review Time:

Since my first FUKU experience I have discovered that the mystery sauces with the french fries were banana ketchup and sweet chili mayo. For the record, I'm an American-born Filipino.  Banana ketchup isn't new to me, however I never touched the stuff growing up (I hated all things ketchup...long story).  Funny how sometimes its better not to ask.... I digress.

I tried a few new things.

NAGA DOG: my new favorite. Serious.  Its a hot link (that I think is deep-fried...but its probably cooked on a flat top) with grilled kim chee, daikon relish, wasabi mayo (?) and some kind of habanero teriyaki-type sauce. OMG. delicious.

FUKU MOCO: not bad for $5. Heap of rice topped with a FUKU patty, a fried egg and smothered in garlicky brown gravy.  I think I remember reading it coming with some kind of bonito flake but since I took mine to go it probably melted into my food.  Anywho, kind of heavy so itd be a good hangover preventer ;)

CHICKEN KATSU SANDWICH: Oh my.  This sandwich is simple yet delicious.  Perfectly breaded with a nice crunch, juicy, and perfectly seasoned chicken breast.  Shredded cabbage and a little of the not-so-secret-anymore chili mayo. YUM. There may be a little katsu sauce also, but with the food from this truck you kind of dont have time to stop and think... you just eat bite after bite and think, "damn. why is this SO good?!"

I have yet to try the Buta Burger, the Kinoko and the original Fuku burger.

Until next time!!! (Don't forget to TIP JELLY!)

PS**i got a free bumper sticker :)) so excited. no joke.
Fuk dat!  Unfortunately for right now I'm going with a No-No-No Naga *finger wagging* on the Naga Dog until the Fuku crew STOP over cooking the link on the flat top.  All the toppings work very well especially the daikon relish!  But, this sad looking hot link forgot to apply its sunscreen and has got major sunburn everywhere and is peeling.  Yikes!  

On a positive note, the miso glazey Butaburger with an over easy fried egg (which I requested since it's usually fried over medium) AKA The Hakujin is a perfect combination that works really well.  If your eating this standing up, get in the patented Philly hunch or you could get Fuk'd.  Your stain free fresh kicks and designer jeans will thank ya later!  My suggestion is to order your burger medium or you could get Fuk'd with a well doner!

I can mos definitely appreciate the quality of the ingredients that are used but the execution of overcooking needs some improvement to be a consistent product!  
2 stars for the burnt Naga Dog!
4 stars for the tasty Hakujin Burger!

Next on my to-do list is the Chicken Katsu Burger.  Sounds so plain jane...doesn't it need a new name or what?
Had the Buta Burger, Chicken Katsu Sammie, Naga Dog, fries and the Mac Salad!  EVERYTHING WAS YUMMY!  Hubster's fav was the Chicken Katsu Sammie and mine was the Naga Dog and Mac Salad!  I got Tip Jelly, too!
Fukuburger lives up to all the buzz.  The experience brings me back to Asia: lining up outside for food in the heat, people eating on pavement sitting on makeshift seating out of pails, etc.  It's like one big tailgate.

My favorite is the Pig Burger though the Mushroom Burger was waaayyyyy too salty. The Naga dog was an experience...a little kick, a little stink (probably from the daikon and kimchee).

These guys work hard so hope they make it!!
Good grubbin.  Has the buta and fries.  TIP JELLY!  Gotta try more of the menu, happy they set up shop close to the house.
So driving home from Hendo we start to get a bit hungry and roll into Chinatown with the intention of a rice plate pick-up. Then I saw the fuku truck so we made a fast u-turn. 

The BF and I shared

Katsu- this is pretty good and surprisingly held crispy til we got home. I think this was the favorite.
Buta- good but now that I've seen Chris M. 's review with his Hakujin concoction ( buta with an egg. Or fat hakujin which is a double patty), I agree the egg would level up this burger.
Naga Dog- the hot link was crisp and had a light char but wasn't "zombiefied" (which I was concerned about while browsing recent reviews while in line). I think the flavors are good, but this does not carry well to-go since the sauce sogs up the bun fast. One random note- when I got into the car my boyfriend goes "ew, did you fart?!!" No I didnt do it!! It was the Naga dogs smell- seaweed gets this scent when it gets warm. Haha.

And don't forget your tip jelly! 

 I would be curious to try the rest to get my final opinion, but so far- pretty decent.
this is more of a 4.5 place for me. (: 

I was in Vegas one weekend and my cousin kept talking about this place and how often she goes so the whole day she was saying we were gonna go there & finally me, my cousin, and about 10 other people went to this food truck.. 

I dont even remember what burger I got, but it was goooood. It had egg, a patty of course, i think onion rings or something.. haha. but i enjoyed it. The staff, well the guy at the front, the owner, was very very friendly. He knows what he's doing and he knows how to treat his customers to make them want to come back. He was also very sweet to my niece who kept asking for jelly, which he gives out when they get a tip & he was kind enough to give her more when she asked. 

the only negative, is that the food is really greasy, but it's a food truck, what are people suppose to expect. I liked it a lot, I'll be sure to come back when I go back to vegas.
Fuku!fuku!fuku! Mahalo to mags fir taking time out to talk story with us on Thursday night! The food us bomb guys, there's no denying how tasty everything was. The tamago was sick but the fuku moco was so Ono!! The naga dog is also a tasty late night  concoction of sweet spicy meaty and greAsy!! See you crazy fukus soon!
i've had better burgers & other foods from food trucks (i.e. Kogi, Grill Em All) than Fukuburger.
OOohhh. Can't wait to be back for another! 

For $5 i got me a nice, juicy(greasy) burger. A Fuku Burger!! 

The burger was made fresh to order and the truck and crowd are enough to look at and entertain someone to pass up the wait. The burger melted in my mouth, and don't think I didn't notice the geniusly placed shreds of ginger! I would get this again, but I think it is a rule to try something new next time.. 

I wish I had not tried their fries, I thought they would be as amazing and unique as their burgers... as for garlic fries, they were just fries. No garlic-y flavor, perhaps they forgot? Nothing wrong with that, they just were just fries. But I know this will not keep me from returning. 

Catch them on their blog... but from my knowledge they are usually posted near the Bank of America on Spring Mtn. 

Until next time...
I love this truck so much I was surprised I hadn't written my review yet.  The tamago & karai burgers are amazing.  I love that they are late night, but I wish they were open during the day so they could feed my cravings.
What what is all this crazy around these food trucks?? What makes a burger truck any better than a chain fast food burger joint?? I guess it's the Asian Fusion of the burgers? Or the crowd of kids that hang out in the parking lot making it the "cool" thing to do? I don't know, but I had to go see.

It wasn't smart of me to go to Serendipity for a huge sundae before hitting up a food truck though. *note to self*

Okay, so its Westside Wednesdays! So we found the truck parked in front of the RedHand Tattoo joint. 6 burgers to choose from..and some typical asian snacks. Me and the bf go for the #2 (something about an overeasy egg in a burger makes things better) and a #5... a spicy habanero burger. Also saw a flyer for some garlic fries and strawberry lemonade. I'm sold! So the 4 items came to $14. Good deal! Wanted to leave a tip forthe jelly, but I don't like that jelly stuff. Next time...! Just so they can all shout "tip jelly!"

So stood there a couple minutes and we got our food. Walked back to our car to enjoy the new discoveries. It was a bit messy.. but finger licking goodness!

The verdict on the food itself? YUMM!! Well, one thing that bugged me was the bun. It seemed like a super cheapy store bought massive quantity burger bun. But I didn't expect much. The burgers themselves though, were awesome! The blend of flavors worked so well. I preferred the #2 over the #5 (can't remember the names, but there's a photo of the menu somewhere here...). The dip for the garlic fries was good, and the seasoning on the fries were good. Didn't care for the lemonade though, somewhat tart and kinda watery.

So this marks the beginning of the food truck journey for me. Maybe I will return to Fuku Burger, but not til I have tried them all!
pretty good.  a bit pricey for burgers on wheels.  i prefer the slider truck.  didn't think my burger was all that tasty, neither were the buns.  loud hip hop music, might steer away avg foodie type folks.
Fuku-ing delish!

My sister has been raving about Fukuburger for months now and swearing to drag me to it whenever I was back in Vegas. Needless to say, I had my first taste this weekend and I am definitely a fan. 

When you walk up, there's music blazing. The staff that took our order were standing on buckets- three girls all taking one order, but being very "asian" in the perky, happy, kind of way. When my sister and I tipped, they screamed, "tip jelly" and offered a bucket of jelly candies from which you could pick one. It's a little scary on a drunken night with no forewarning, but lively, nonetheless. It must keep folks entertained when the crowds swarm. Luckily for us, we either just missed a crowd or just beat one because we didn't wait for long. 

They have 6 offerings, 5 burgers and 1 chicken katsu, as well as specials, one of which was the naga-dog. I ordered the karai (spicy burger). My boyfriend ordered the buta (pig burger). My sister went for the naga dog. (We had two others with us, but I was drunk and didn't bother asking them what they got.)

We all ordered fries with our food and took our bags of foil-wrapped goodies back to my sister's place to chow down on the living room floor. 
I'll be honest, the use of pickled ginger worried me but it's a well-planned, inspiring addition to the list of burger condiments. All of the food was delicious- traditional enough to still be a straight up good burger, but inspired enough with fusion flavorings to be noticed and appreciate. In fact, it was so good, we were all pissed off that we inhaled everything so quickly. 

Prices are reasonable, $5 per burger. I think I could go for them being a bit bigger... or I could just not be dumb and order more than one? The fries portion, however, could definitely be bumped up. I barely ate three with the delicious sauce and realized my basket was almost empty!
We were on our way to dinner when we passed the Fuku truck.  We decided to just skip dinner and try the truck that everyone raves about!  The burgers here are asian inspired - this truck has a really great gimmick which is probably why they are so successful!    Upon arrival, we had a guy come up to take our order.  He took the time to explain what was in each of the burgers even though they were super busy.  I thought that was really nice.

We ended up getting the Tamago Burger and the Spicy Burger with fries on the side.  The Tamago burger had egg in it.  Flavors were awesome!  It was super super messy though - the yolk of the egg made the burger pretty soggy quickly.  I would actually prefer if they cooked the egg a little more just so it would be less soggy (it was hard to eat it standing up!).  The Spicy Burger wasn't too spicy - I would probably get this one again if we came back.  The flavors were tasty!  The fries were pretty standard, but they came with wasabi mayo that made it taste pretty good.

The prices were slightly high for what you get.  The burgers were really small!  I feel like they should be bigger.  We ended up paying like 20 bucks for our whole meal (including drinks and extra cheese).  Originally the bill came out to 16 bucks, we tipped a buck, but when I checked my bank statement we were charged 20 =(.  Not cool.  It might have been an honest mistake because it is hectic there.  Next time we go I'll be sure we pay only cash.  Besides that upset,  I guess it's the whole experience you pay for though - it is fun when your with your friends and definitely a cool thing to do.  I'd come back again for a late night snack but would probably go to a sit down place with similar specialty burgers that would fill me up more for dinner.
Kinoko!

Fu burger? whatt? i totally mispronounced the name of this truck and now it all makes sense to me. yummy!

wow ive been missing out....
Had the burger for the first time and i made sure i was there early to miss the long line. It was worth the 10 minute wait! A medium cooked beef with ginger and mushrooms was like an explosion in my mouth:o Burger was not big but not too small so if you have the appetite for 2 the more the merrier:) Im also gonna praise them for the way they cook their meat, its not overcooked and it comes out nice and juicy with a little bit of pink. try it!! definitely coming back there every Thursday to try the rest of the menu. they have like 6 different burgers, furikake macaroni, jelly!  oh yea Awesome fries. The guys that were working here were great, after eating here for the first time I think im gonna be a regular.
I love your burgers, just have some advice for what it's worth.

My wife had the mushroom burger, she loved it.  I had  the egg burger.  What I didn't know was that if I take a bite into the burger since the egg is cooked over easy, i spewed yolk everywhere...and if i didnt it will just dribble down.  Maybe a good idea at least for that burger to wrap it in some kind of a waxy paper or something?  like a half burger wrap...

also my wife noticed (after eating half) that her burger was a bit red..while i like  that medium kind of meat, she doesnt.  do you guys cook the meat well done if asked?

lastly love the fries, but can't they be a little larger in size?  and maybe instead of automatically giving 2 diff sauces, ketchup and honey mustard, ask which sauce the person wants in those 2 cups.

again, love the burgers, just some advice from my perspective :)
I have been wanting to go to Fukuburger for quite some time now, and was very excited when a fellow friend suggested we get dinner here.  After a long day of studying, it was the best decision I'd made all day to go to Fukuburger.  The scene this day was very busy, the parking lot mirroring a scene from Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift or something.  Whatever it was, I definitely felt out of place in my jeep wrangler.  The line was pretty long, but went by relatively fast.  There were a lot of young people there, looked like high schoolers, I assume an open parking lot with food was their version of a party or something.  After getting my food, though, I noticed why they were all hanging out. The food is really damn good.  

I ordered the Buta Burger and Togarashi Fries, my friend got the Spicy Karai Burger, and we both got a Naga Dog.  The Buta Burger was topped with applewood smoked bacon, pickled ginger, cheddar cheese, onions, and japanese bbq sauce: "you had me at applewood smoked bacon".  The whole burger worked perfect together.  I loved the texture the burger itself had, I love the japanese bbq sauce, and i love the combo of the pickled ginger and red onions.  Everything was great.  
The togarashi fries were also really good.  A little hint of spice and served with some special sauce and ketchup, and the fries themselves were nice and crispy.  

The Naga Dog was also very good.  The hot dog itself was pretty big, and was very crisp in texture.  Topped with nori, and a bunch of other stuff that I have no idea what it was.  The flavor combination worked very well, and was pretty spicy, too... kinda like a chicago red hot.  

What my friend and I both were impressed with was their flavor combination's and seasonings.  Everything was seasoned perfectly: all the sauces, the fries, the burger.  And all the flavors they used worked well together and were very unique.  

Overall, I would highly suggest coming and trying what they have at Fukuburger.  Great food, and they even accept credit cards!
I had the buta-burger as it was all the flavors that i love...the burger was surprising good! i didnt expect it to be as bomb as it was....i was like 2nd in line and they were crazy fast too, which is always appreciated...my only gripe is that its kinda expensive..other than that, awesome!
for awhile, all my friends would tweet about and check into was fukuburger. after trying bachi burger, i had to try this out. this place was actually my first food truck (minus the taco trucks in la of course) and i must say - it was definitely an experience, and why i'm now 4 days away from being the mayor on foursquare. damn you vinnie and jr aquino!!!

anyway...every time we've gone there's always a crazy crowd (some of them just there to hang out and others waiting to order, waiting for food or eating). the menu is clearly located on the truck and everything looks yummy! my boyfriend tried the burgers in order (starting with the fukuburger he just had the karai and next is the katsu). i, on the other hand, went for the kinoko because of the mushrooms. and of course, we had to get an order of fries. we also ordered a strawberry lemonade, since they made it fresh every day.

tip: tip!!! they say "tip jellaaaaaaaay!" when you tip, and give you a flavored jello stick. 

anyway, we stood around and waited for our food, debating on eating there or going home. maybe 5-10 minutes later they called my name (the 1st time it was "rica suave"), we grabbed our food and went home.

everything tasted pretty good, even after a 5 minute drive home. burgers were tasty and the spicy mayo/garlic sauce is so addicting!!! 

another tip: try the jazz fries. they smother the fries in the spicy mayo/garlic sauce AND gravy. 

i've tried the nagadog, fukumoco and the nagamoco. all really good. i have yet to try the mac salad, but im sure its pretty good too.

needless to say, i will be back!!! just a few days closer to becoming mayor :]
It was a disappointment!  I ordered a #1, #4, and a hot dog for a total of $16. Their burgers and hot dog weren't very tasty, could be the wasabi mayo. Portions were small, especially their french fries.
I went here on a Wednesday for Westside Wednesday's, and thought it was just alright. Arrived around 8:30ish to miss the long line and it being crowded, so if you try this spot out arrive early. Try not to come really hungry because I have to say you are going to have to wait a while. 

I ordered the #4 which was the mushroom burger. The meat was red (umm can't we order the way we want it cooked considering the fact that I hate eating rare meat) a little dry though. The staff was friendly but they totally forgot my strawberry lemonade and we left before we realized it and they don't give receipts. The fries were really really small. 

Overall I wasn't impressed with the burgers!
So after all the hype, I finally decided to dive in and try Fuku Burger, and my my my.... Can't believe I've been missing out on this.  Granted, the wait time was long, I definitely enjoyed the food.  I had the number 2, which was the Tamago, aka egg, burger.  The meat itself was really good.  It was juicy and moist, very flavorful.  The egg...  Well, I would've rather had that egg just a little less cooked, but it was still good.  Definitely a good buy.  The fries were alright.  But the fuku sauce that comes with it definitely kicks it up a notch.  The Nagadog however... FREAKING AMAZING!  I'll be honest, I wasn't expecting too much.  It had an amazing amount of flavor and a really good kick.  (I'm a sucker for spicy food)  All in all, I'll definitely be back.  They made me a believer.  Hell, I'm still craving another Nagadog... :D
Is that some kind of strip bar burger place?! Hahaha! It's all in the name I guess. I heard of it through a friend once and then my classmate told me about it and I had to check it out!

I went after my volleyball league with some friends and my girlfriend. We were one of the first few to get there before they even opened up for business and I got to chat with Mags and Colin, the owners of Fukuburger, who were super cool and laid back! Colin was telling me and my friends about their most recent creation, the Naga Dog, but he shushed us after telling us what was in it (fresh italian sausage, grilled kim chee, spicy mayonnaise, little nori pieces (seaweed), in a bun) and Colin also explained that they get their meat fresh only HOURS before they open for business which makes their burgers extra fresh and tender, never frozen!

I chose the Kinoko (mushroom) burger first, garlic fries, macaroni salad, and a thai iced tea. "Oh... Myyyy... Gosh!" (c) Usher Raymond. The burger was so freaking good, I needed to have another one! The spicy mayonnaise has to be my favorite sauce at the moment.

TANGENT
____________________________________________________
I love sauces! I can't get enough of tasty sauces from different restaurants! I can be the kind of eater that just DROWNS his food in sauce. ex, my french fries swim in ketchup! There's just something extremely primal about it, but I don't care! I LOVE SAUCE!
____________________________________________________

Super cool environment to hang around in til about 11pm when it starts to get crowded! It's really like parking lot pimpin' when you have to sit on empty paint buckets for chairs, but I'm from humble beginnings and I really support Colin, Mags, and the rest of the Fukuburger Truck gang and will probably be there soon! Happy eating! :)
**For those of you wondering what's in the name FUKU, one of the meanings in Japanese is "luck" or "fortune."  So, Lucky Burger!  =P**

So, after almost 4 months of waiting, I finally had the opportunity (and someone to go with) to make my way to the FUKUburger truck on Spring Mountain.  This past Thursday, my friend from out of town (where else, but from Hawaii nei) was visiting our city.  My gf and I met up w/him @ 11:00pm at the truck.  It wasn't too crowded...I liked that!  Although, I would like see the hype on Westside Wednesdays - dj's spinning, hungry people...uh, dancing, high energy, I'm sure!

I ordered the Buta-burger (bacon burger), my friend, the Kinoko burger (mushroom burger), and my gf, the Fuku-moco (patty, egg, gravy all over rice...their interpretation of the Hawaii classic, Loco Moco).  Everything was delish!  The burgers were not extraordinarily huge or anything, kinda on the small side, but it was packed with flavor!  The fries were a wee skimpy, but again, with the garlic/mayo dip?  Tasty, tasty!  I forgot to try their mac salad w/furikake on it...from the looks on the menu, yum!  Guess I have to find my way back to the FUKUburger truck yet again!

The truck is parked in a parking lot next to a Bank of America, so there is ample parking.  Hungry night lifers (is that a word) set up shop at their cars, or around make-shift tables and chairs so they can have their grinds right there, on the spot.  It's a very hip and fun environment!  As my gf commented, it looked like a scene out of "The Fast & The Furious," Tokyo Drift, of course.

Be sure to check the truck's schedule on their website, www.fukuburger.com, as to where they will appear.  OFF on Mondays, Rainbow on Tuesdays, Flamingo/Durango on Wednesdays, and Chinatown on Thursdays thru Sundays.  All from 8pm to LATE!  This is the perfect place for eats after a raving night out!  FUKUburger in Sin City!  "Lucky."  How appropriate a name in a city like Las Vegas, baby!
I was at work one day and was reading SEVEN magazine (local magazine for LV), and saw FUKUburger's introduction to LV.  I always thought ANY food truck was fun, and had the good food, and I  still do.  So me and my GF went to go try this place out with high expectations which were met with a little extra.  Most importantly, the portions were big.  But as months passed by, we try this place again and everything seemed so skimpy.  Even the containers for the sauces got smaller. =\

Don't get me wrong I still like Fuku Burger, the co-owners are cool as hell and the flavor and culture is definitely there.  But the servings MUST be bigger, the fries are ridiculously small for what you pay for.  I wish they would serve portions like when they first started.  

Honestly, their burgers are just a little bigger than McDonalds McDoubles... If they beefed up they're burgers and fries in every way and put less ice in there cups for strawberry lemonade, then I'd give'em 5 stars.
For my Vancouver, BC Yelpers - if you love JapaDog, your gonna love Fukuburger in Las Vegas.  It's JapaDog, but with a burger.

This place is not on the strip and the people who live in Las Vegas seem to love it.  It's open from 10pm to 4am.  We took a taxi out as it was located at a Bank Of America parking lot, in a part of Chinatown (didn't know there was a Chinatown in Vegas).  

I just remember a whole bunch of cars parked around this portable food truck, and remember seeing a whole bunch of Caesars Palace valet employees waiting in line.  

I got the spicy burger - forgot the name but trust me, it was delicious.  I don't know what else to say so I guess read the other reviews.  You'll get the idea!!!
Oh, fuku burger. What a colorful and moody character you seem to be.

After a night of shenanigans, the boy wanted a treat. Having spotted the illusive Fuku-truck on our way elsewhere, we hoped they'd still be there when we were done. Around 2 AM, they were, and had a big crowd of costumed fans gathering around. Descending upon the Bank of America parking lot, you can hear their music blasting; we arrived to a song about capping people and a chorus of gun-shots and the N-word. Kind of awkward, but whatever. It seems there's a lot of repeat customers or fans that hang around the truck, as there were people parked and hanging out by or in their cars for the entire duration we were there. 

There was no sense of organization in the line, just a clusterf**k of people mobbing around the lone girl taking orders. We had several people attempt to get in front of us and others asking us where the line ended. Some people stood on the periphery of the cluster and waited for 10+ minutes in the cold in skimpy costumes before getting frustrated and leaving without anything.

The music was also so loud that it made ordering a challenge unless you got in the poor girl's face or yelled at her. She took our name and put our order in. When done a guy would scream out your name  from the window, vainly competing with the music. We watched him call for 4-5 people with visibly growing aggrivation. 

The menu itself was pretty simple, though I know you can customize with eggs or extra patties. We opted for the Karai, or spicy burger, and an order of their garlic fries. We ate the fries on the drive home and had the burger once there. The fries seemed like they were from a box then heavily dosed with their garlic salt. I liked the sauces that came with them, but J thought they were too salty. The fries had decent crunch and heft- they weren't potato needles or massive steak fries.

Once we got to the burger, we were disappointed. The burger had flavor but was burnt on the outside and ultra-rare on the inside. Topped with a spicy mayo, another sauce, cucumber, avocado "cream" and a couple of other toppings, it had an interesting combo of textures and flavors to compliment the meatiness, but not enough to save it from being mediocre. The burger may have been more redeemable if the experience/atmosphere of ordering it hadn't put us off. 

The area around the truck was trashed with half eaten food and debris everywhere. Stickers and photos covered much of the windows and the only insights we had into the kitchen was the irritated guy sticking his head out and yelling at a "mutha fuga'!"to get back in the truck. 

This is really an instance where the business philosophy shines at the forefront. Compare these fellows to the Slider truck; The boys there sing while cooking, happily greet their customers with enthusiasm & a fist bump, maintain a clean exterior and fairly consistent food preparation. I've had a mediocre slider and forgiven them because they were so pleasant to deal with. The food here has the potential for awesomeness but I just don't want to deal with a disorderly mob to get a burger. 

EDIT: Bumped a star for owner response :} It's always nice to see a business taking the time to respond to criticisms directly like that.
So prior to this review, I've already been to fukuburger quite a few times, but I just wanted to experience it in all of the different places it goes to before I wrote what I would call a good review.

This place definitely has my stamp of approval. It's a cool looking truck with some east asian urban graphic design on the sides of it, something you definitely wouldn't miss if you were looking for it on the side of the road. The atmosphere of the places that it goes to is really down to earth. Mostly a bunch of youngsters hanging around showing off their tuned out cars while you grab a bite to eat. Not very many places to sit but when you're coming to eat at a truck I don't think you'd be expecting an abundance of chairs and tables just lined up for your convenience, so it's understandable. The staff is friendly and I think one of the most memorable things while you're just sitting around waiting is that when somebody tips, the person taking the order yells out "TIP JELLY" and so does everyone else on the truck and participating customers as well. The wait varies depending upon the time you arrive at the location they're at, but I've been there about 5-6 times and the wait has never taken more than 20 minutes even during their busiest moments.

The menu is small. 6 Main burgers all unique in their own way, but from what I understand you can customize your burger with extra patties and eggs if you'd like. There's a few other items on the menu but I haven't gotten around to trying them yet so I'll just stick to the burgers.

For the most part, it is REALLY delicious, especially for it's price. 5 dollars a burger is really decent for what your getting. It's not an overwhelmingly huge burger but remember, quality before quantity. These burgers are just damn good. I ordered the Tamago burger and I don't really remember the other stuff that's on it besides the egg but I do remember how it tastes and boy was it delicious. Their garlic fries are awesome too, especially mixed with the sauce that comes with it.

This is one of those places you go to when you and your group of friends are hungry and you want something good and quick to grab but you don't want to have to fork out a wad of cash. I have thoroughly enjoyed all of my visits to Fukuburger and I have no doubt that you will too.
Just came from fukuburger. It was alright not that amazing from what I heard. Their portions was really small for the price. like $8 for a small burger the size of mcdonalds dollar menu burgers, fries were like less then 20 pieces, and a drink. I got the mushroom burger and it was alright. lol they didn't give me napkins so when I was about to ask I saw a sign that say they charge 50 cents for napkins, like wow were not in Philippines now. I don't know why everyone is always talking about how great this place is. Their service was great though they like to have little conversations with you while you wait. Oh and the wait, I don't know why it takes like 30 minutes to make it. Yeah this place didn't blow my mind.
tried the karai burger and fries the other day...gotta say they were pretty bomb...i especially liked the sauces that come with the fries...soooo good!!
So after numerous hype and suggestions from family friends, family, and las vegas local friends.. The end result was a lovely visit to this mobile food truck. Me and my friends caught them on their westside wednesday location and from the moment we entered the parking lot, I could smell the wonderful aromas for burgers grilling.

The burgers are priced pretty decent.. and coming from eating a very expensive burger the previous day, the $5 for the burgers was like pocket change. The portions at least for me were ok.. though after I finished off my first burger (the Fuku-Burger) and the OMG delicously seasoned fries with their addictive sauces.. I had to order more food..

At which point I got the Karai burger, which was their spicy burger. Even that one was cooked nicely and tasted wonderful. It wasn't as spicy as I had thought, but there was that kick to it and made it just melt in your mouth.

The fusion of Japanese flavors in their marinades really comes thru in the beef patties... Definitely something I would come back to over and over again.
allow me to compare fukuburger truck in the realm of food-trucks. growing up in L.A. county, that city is swarming with food trucks. but i've never actually experience one like this before. the oriental gourmet of street culinary experience. a trifecta of chopsticks meet bun, bun meets wheels, wheels meet china town. you know that acronym? BYOC: bring your own chair. or you can stand and practice your hold-plate while eating primitave style.

the line gets pretty long, so the thing about one man taking the order and sending it in can take a hot minute. hot in vegas espeicially near the exhaust of the truck. i can feel my legs melting. 

the wait can bring bond time with the kids i came with or chat it up with the owners, or even chat with some new face. whichev'.

the first burger i tried was the "tamago" pretty challenging to eat. super delish and juicy but equally sloppy. mac salad was pretty creative, the toppings gave it texture- which i love in food.  and the shaved ice is served in the generous amount. 

ive had good times here with friends and fam and good music. i guess the parking lot gave lasting memories.

good thing they're open late, in case im craving a good quality burger.
As I was turning onto Durango last night, I saw none other than the Fukuburger truck zoom by.  So I did the only rational thing and started following a food truck wrapped in bright red towards an unknown destination.  Besides, it's been awhile and I've only tried them once, so it was time for a do over.

I tried the Karai burger again, the same burger that I had during their 4th of July opening.  And let me say, it was a great improvement.  I wasn't overpowered by salt, and the beef patty seemed much larger.  Now THIS is a burger I will pay for.  The burger sauce isn't too spicy but is tasty.  Now to taste the rest of the menu...I expect to enjoy this process.
The night we ate at Fukuburger, the food truck was surrounded by obnoxious teenagers who thought that they were the first people to discover four letter words.  The music from the truck was also blaring, making it difficult to order.  

So why the four stars when the ambiance was set for jackass teenagers?  That's how good the burgers are.  Combine asian flavors with the traditional burger and you'll come up with Fukuburger.

The night we visited, we had the Tamago (burger topped with egg over easy) and the Kinoko (mushroom burger with wasabi mayo).  These burgers are seriously good.  Hell, I didn't even think I liked wasabi, but spread it on top of ground beef and it's surprise deliciousness.  In the same vein, we thought the idea of a runny egg over ground beef would be awkward, but the egg yolk just made the patty more delicious.

Bottom line: the combination of asian flavors and a burger is unique and definitely worth the experience.
Decided to give this place another chance since every place deserves a second chance. Went here on a cold night after partying, so greasy food just sounded like a dream come true. It wasn't busy at all that's because it was 4 in the morning. They were located on Valley View and Sahara, guess no more China town area. 

I ordered the spicy burger since I didn't really like the mushroom burger. It was way better, the meat was cooked until I reached the middle (it was totally red like it wasn't cooked) but could be my fault since I should ask for well done, I totally stopped eating it since bloody meat makes me sick.
Sometimes, i get Fuku withdrawals.  
(2) Tamago Burgers, (2) Buta-Burgers, Macaroni, Fries, Fuku-Moko, and one of those asian sodas with the marble in it... or a coconut juice for the kids!  please and thanks!

Order the way you like your burger unless u like it medium... and bring your own chair and box/basket/bucket to carry away all your food from the window.  With a family of 4 plus friends, sometimes it's difficult hauling off everything yourself while your kids and spouse are tailgating it with the homees...

Fukuburger has created a culture and a following in Vegas that I've never seen before. 

Peace and Respect to Colin and Mags... See u soon.
I am becomming a big fan of the food truck craze that's happening right now. I've chased trucks in two states now. The latest one brought me out here to Las Vegas. After hearing so much about it from friends and family I had to try it. Well worth the trip my friends.

I had the kinoku-mushroom burger. It has grilled shitaki mushrooms, pickled ginger, and wasabi mayo on  a fuku patty. I now know the meaning of "umami". The fifth taste, savory. The patty on this burger has a unique flavor that can only be described as "umami". And the other toppings together make the burger that much better. 

Times like this I wish I had a bigger vocabulary. So I can express how good this burger was. Next time your out in Vegas, follow them on twitter and visit these guys.
ahhh...the infamous fukuburger truck.
vegas, why have you been chosen to be blessed with this truck of tastiness?  Jealousy enrages my stomach, churning, twisting, contorting in an angry flurry of rage.

i do not exaggerate.  fukuburger is just that.  a tornado of taste and texture to titillate and torture your tongue.  Yes, read it again..."titillate".

i am humbly honored to have taken the photo currently the default on the FB page.  Yes, recently I took notice that the insides of the burgers are rare.  but it doesn't bother me...it's too dark to notice anyways. :)

what DOES bother me, is that feeling of withdrawal when I awaken from my slumber...to a day yearning for night.  a night where we will line up to the loud musings and trendy asians of the midnight hour.  To feast upon buckets and tip for jelly straws.

las vegas.  why won't you share with the rest of us?
Chicken and waffles were excellent. Perfect on a cold night.
Ah... I heart Fuku.

I only seem to wander over to this place after a night of dancing (and yes drinking) but that's the charm of it. It's sophisticated drunk food.

They're a tad pricey, but worth every penny. The burgers have great flavor and texture combinations that titilate my tastebuds. 

I look forward to my next late night out!
Another successful (yet tipsy) trip to Fuku Burger. I just can't get enough of this place it seems. This time I was in the mood for spicy and boy did I hit the jackpot with the Karai Burger. My guy got the Tamago, which I had previously gotten. Both were delicious! I had been interested in trying the Green Curry fries, but it was not meant to be this time. 

Can't wait for my next trip, yum! Think I'm going for the Naga Dog!
Fukuburger has gotten a lot more organized since the beginning and a lot more popular. The last Westside wednesday I went to was pretty fun. The line was long, there were many nice cars setup to look at, there was a dj, freestyle battling going on, people singing along with acoustic guitar, and even some graffiti art. This was a big jump from the first one I went to when we sat waiting for over an hour just for the truck to arrive and there was barely anything happening when it did arrive. 

I've tried all of their burgers, dogs, drinks, and sides thus far and I have nothing bad to say about any of them. I think my favorite burger will always be the Tamago.

The people that run the truck are very friendly as well. It's always a very at home environment and every time I go, it's a great experience. You can go to the truck just to chill and kick back because everyone is always hanging out.

I'll definitely come back again.
My husband and I have been here a few times and the food is amazingly good.  I highly recommend the Fukuburger and the Karai (Spicy Burger).  Both are excellent.  I've tried the Tamago as well and the egg is just a little too heavy for me.  But with a variety of other options and terrific fries, it's a great food truck for late night cravings.  

I also like that they are participating in pop up dinners (next one at Retro Bakery!).  The one they hosted with Jet Tila of Wazuzu was amazing!  The money curry, Thai me up sandwich, and chicken and waffles were all super delicious.  Fukuburger staff did the cooking, showing that they are super versatile and talented. And pop up dinners are a great idea.  I'm glad they are starting them in Las Vegas.  Fukuburger is a valuable addition to the Las Vegas food community for doing this.

When visiting this truck, keep in mind that their following is pretty young and you have to be in the mood to deal with it (see Elizabeth E.'s review - jackass teenagers pretty much sums it up).  Also, there are some stickers on the truck that you may not want to have to explain to your 5 year old and you also don't want your five year old picking up some of the words being yelled by the customers. But they are great about packing the food to go so it stays warm and tasty!  Just swing by and enjoy some Fuku at home!
I know the night I went it wasn't technically the Fuku truck but the "Jet Set" truck with chef Jet Tila cooking up specials. Still, this is at the Fuku truck with the crew present so I think it should get a review. The event was a Herbs and Rye and Retro Bakery showed up so it was a trifecta of food love for me and I respect that businesses are collaborating. 

I definitely would have regretted if I did not meet the Yelpers here pre-Titanic/Bodies exhibit CMYE.

BF and I grabbed one of each Jet Tila specials ($6 each, $1 of it goes to charity). 

Monkey Ball Curry- this was such a lovely balanced curry and I could have eaten a pot of it. I love the plaintains as the starch since it has a bit more texture and sweetness. BF said it's the most amazing panang style he's had and it definitely was up there for me. 

"Chicken and Waffles" Okinawan Style- Chicken skewer was crispy outside yet juicy with interesting spices that I can't quite place. Came with donuts with a cinnamon coating and syrup which was soft and super noms. I like the dishes separately and not together and wish I can order more donuts. 

Thai Mi Bahn Mi- Thai style bahn me sandwich with sliced sausage, cucumber, carrot, cilantro, jalapenos. This was good with the contents, but the bread was just okay. It was chewy and not that crispy crackling bread you come to associate with bahn mi sammies. 

Much respect to Jet Tila for coming out of his fancy kitchen and come cook in a moving box. 

I know it was a Fuku hosted special event, but it made me respect their business as a whole. I like that they think outside the box. I've heard that Westside Wednesdays has DJs, car enthusiasts, artist, etc. show up and show off and it becomes more of an event than a stop. Now they did their first pop up guest chef event and if they would do more (I hope) I would love to attend. I'm impressed someone can make an atmosphere out in a parkinglot but they somehow achieve it.

Definitely more excited to experience the entire menu of the Fuku truck.
I been wanting to try Fukuburger for a while because everytime I passed by their location when they are on Rainbow & 215, I noticed how long the lines were so I figured they must have some really good food. I'm just so busy sometimes I don't get a chance to stop. Luckily, I went to a toy drive earlier this month & they just happened to be there so  I ended up having their loco moco & mac salad. Oh wow! I had loco moco at the california hotel, Island Flavor & some other Hawaiian restaurant (can't remember the name) before & I felt like Fukuburger's was the best. I don't think anyone can match their flavor.  It was really, really, really good!! I think they must put a special ingredient in it because ever since I had it, I been thinking about their food. I went to Island Flavor & ordered a loco moco there but it really didn't compare to Fukuburgers even though it was like twice the size.  For me it's quality not quantity. I also think they're so much more friendlier at the Fukuburger truck. I'm gonna have to go again to fulfill my cravings for sure.
How people rate Fukuburger less than 5 stars is beyond me? Its a food truck so you can't expect formal dining type service/environment. For what it is (a mobile food operation) its worth 5 stars. Hands down. 

Its easily the best food truck in Vegas in terms of popularity, taste, and creativity. The burgers are Asian themed and are downright delicious! My personal favorite is the Egg Burger. One of mans greatest creations. The fries are great too with that dipping sauce that comes with it. Man oh man... my mouth is watering. 

I haven't had one in a couple weeks, so its about time to get my fix. See you guys soon!
Finally got around to eating at this truck the other day - the first time I had a fried egg over a burger. Brilliant. My brain has exploded with new possibilities.

Fries are really good too.

Sorry for short review, but c'mon, with this many reviews I'm not adding anything new.
Just had a # 3 with egg and jazz fries.  It was EXCELLENT! I heard so many stories about how good fukuburger is and all the stories I heard are true. The burger was different than what I've ever had before. It was really delicious!
This place MADE my summer last year. 90% of the time was the afterclub group choice spot to hit up. They have GREAT service, even GREATER burgers, and such a simple atmosphere that just seems to work. TIP JELLY!!!
Fantastic that they were close to where I work, rushed over to pick up my lunch here.

I must say that 3stars is all that they're getting, they didn't quite live up to their 5* hype.  Straight to the food I ordered a fukuburger & jazz fries, rushed it back to the office & started devouring this beastly morsel. 

The patty was medium well, I enjoy having a little pink in my meat which melts in your mouth & that's where the fantasy stops, no explosion of flavors nothing exponential new that catches my palate, a very subdued burger which is completely fine just subtly boring possibly due to the hype around it.

The jazz fries on the other hand, were absolutely effin fanstastic, only that thick fries don't work too well combined with the gravy, its still pretty good. I would  definitely start having gravy with my fries.

In all honesty I wouldn't go out of my way to track this roach coach down for their burgers, I would however be compelled to chase them for their fries. odd...
So I finally decided to pop my FUKU cherry and holy shit I'm glad I did. I had a craving for burgers and noticed that FUKU was only a few miles from my house so I decided to drive over.

I was ready for a crowd of wild kids and crazy music but I was only half right. There were a bunch of younger kids and loud music but nothing too out of line. Ordering was quick and easy and I was told to try the Buta Burger. It was like a flavor explosion in my mouth with the combination of sauces and textures. Not to mention the bacon was so thick and succulent that I could have just eaten a side order of that.

For a side I ended up choosing the Jazz fries which were smothered in a tasty gravy and a sauce that tasted like wasabi without the insane heat. It was a perfect complement to the burger except for the fact that I might now have heart disease. Fuck it, well worth it!

The only downside to ordering a full sized burger as opposed to sliders is the fact that you can't try several things unless you're HUGE. I guess I'll have to go back another night to try the Tamago burger and garlic fries to complete my FUKU experience. Eat up, and enjoy the semi-hipster atmosphere!
Who ever thought you can get an amazing burger off a food truck. Now I'm a believer. Everything is made fresh from scratch & the staff/owners of the truck are way cool. U have to try it at least once.
I've heard rave reviews about this place from my friends but thinking about it now it's probably because they were DRUNK while eating it!  Waited 20 minutes to get our food (and we were the only ones in line) then after we ordered a friend of the truck owners got there ordered and got her food first!  No good...  after the 20 minute wait we thought the food was going to be worth the wait but NOOOO!!! Our burgers were raw!  Not rare, just bloody and gross.  Never going there again!
So good! It has probably worked its way up to the top 5 burgers in Vegas. Skip the Katsu burger though. I would give 5 stars if the service was a little quicker. I waited over a half for 2 burgers last time. But, worth it.
When a "girl" friend of mine sent me a text saying "want fukuburger?"  I thought she want our relationship to go to the next level... LOL. Who knew there is actually a Fukuburger. Anyway, we drove to nearby Costco where we saw a bunch of people surrounding a food truck. It looks more like an illegal car race gathering than a food place. Their menu consists mostly of burger, fries, and 1hot dog item. I ordered spicy burger and my friend other the bacon burger. The burgers came out nice and hot, although they were quite smaller than what we expected (base on the pictures we saw on the menu). The patty was medium and juicy, and the heat definitely kicked it up a notch. Those Fuku guys were very cool and friendly. The burger itself wasn't extraordinary, but definitely better than those fast food places. Overall, it was a nice experience and will try again.
No Joke.  I've always wondered what Vegas culture would be.  I've been in may towns where culture meets you at the airport,  and deepens as you explore away from where you've landed. In vegas... not so much.  So when you live here you always complain about the lack of culture.  Fukuburger is culture and more importantly it's Vegas Culture.  There's nothing here that says "let's make money" or "let exploit the tourists".  The sliders they serve are beyond expectations.  The meat is cooked to perfection... in otherwords... it's medium rare.  Juicy, what you would imagine a sushi chef making if he was making the best burger you've ever had.  Sliders are very Asian, I had the #2 Tamayo with an egg on top.  I can't get the flavors out of my mouth.  I'm not gonna lie... I wasn't paying attention when I took my first bite, seconds later I forgot what I was saying, the flavors and texture were amazing.

OK so it's good... better, it's great food.  No doubt.  The service, personable, cool, you want to be friends with the guy taking you're order because he seems to be so cool but not pretentious... again not a quality found on the strip.  And then you realize that you're not anywhere you'd normally find yourself.  Since Fukuburger is a truck, it's constantly on the move.  This evening we had the pleasure of dining outside one of this towns many live adult entertainment establishments (yes I'm having burgers outside of a stripclub) and it was perfect.  I really didn't even know how to get to Industrial Blvd, but somehow I followed the neon signs reading "live nude girls" and found my way.

That's what made me realize that Vegas Culture is here and it's at Fukuburger.  It was everything that's right with Vegas.  The food is amazing and the location... well at least for tonight, couldn't be any more fitting.  

I spoke with one of the co-owners and it made me think of this quote by one of americas greatest philosophers.

"...your body is not a temple, it's an amusement park. Enjoy the ride." - Anthony Bourdain

Once you go to Fukuburger, you'll know what I mean.
wow... so my second review ever is for Fukuburger... 

all I can really say is DAMN ... when you want a good fusion burger this is the place to go, nice thing is that they are always out really late which rocks... 

we tried them for the very first time last week and I thought I had died and gone to heaven.   I did a mish mash of the #3 - Pig with the #4 and it was honestly the best ( non slider ) burger I have tasted in a long time.
The original Fukuburger is my favorite so far.  I like that you can taste the seasoning in the patty.  The burger is well constructed and the sauce compliments well.  The gravy fries are awesome.  They also carry my favorite Japanese soda, Ramune.  Did I mention that the gravy fries are awesome?

A good size burger for a good price at the time of the evening when I want one.  The wait wasn't bad even though there was a line in front of us and the employees are cool.  Can I still get some Shaved Ice even though its cold?

There are still a lot more things I want to eat off this truck so I will be back.
It seems like this food truck is the talk of the town and I can understand why it would be. I am not very good with being an avid follower of mobile places like my friends, but I would definitely follow them there again if they were going. 

After whining about wanting a patty melt for the past week, my friend told me that they had a special the day before we met. Of course, my spirit was crushed and I was certain that the food gods were out to spite me. Yet again destiny was not on my side, so I resigned and went to the gym. My friend had asked the owner when they would run there special again, to which he responded that they were having it again THAT NIGHT! We had promised another friend's mom that we would eat dinner at their house after the gym. Yet again, if there is someone out there trying to thwart my chances of getting what I want, could you please stop. What were we to do? Eat dinner at our friend's house, and sneak out to get the Katty Melt after, of course. To not set back all our hard work, we decided to split a burger, mac salad, and a strawberry lemonade between the three of us.

The Katty Melt is a work of art. A perfectly cooked medium rare burger topped with miso sauteed red onions, swiss cheese, ponzu mayo, and the crispiest sourdough bread ever. I was in heaven. I could have eaten a whole one by myself and contemplated stuffing the whole thing in my mouth as my friends were socializing. 

The mac salad was delicious. I am not a fan of mayo, but there was something special about the mayo in and on both items. I could not put my finger on it, but it was perfect the way it was with the sesame seeds adding a nice texture and subtle taste.
I hate to say it, slider, fans, but fuku stole my heart.

Not only are their burgers really damn good, but GRAVY FRIES--just like home--are fantabulous!  I'm totally about their fuku sauce that they put on the gravy fries AND with their regular fries.  Mind you, their "regular" fries have this serious seasoning that's salty, spicy, and sweet.  Yum-o!

I tried their namesake burger and love it.  The meat is seasoned, which is a huge plus since others tend to forget to season the meat, not just sprinkle seasoning on it while it's grilling.  I also love the fact that their burgers are juicy every single time.  

The best part is TIP JELLY!!!!  I love those little things.  It's the great catches like tip jelly and their awesome customer service and entertainment that, with their great food, make this truck the only truck you'll want to find nightly.

Want a great burger in Vegas and avoid creating a huge hole in your wallet?  Check out fukuburger.com, find where they are tonight, and get your fuku on!
It's all good, and they'll make it how you want it too if you don't see it on the menu.  Also, fun surprise if you tip them.
Did you know Asian Food Trucks were a thing in Las Vegas? Did you even know they exist?

So if you read Emily R.'s reviews (she's Elite. I figured I would remind you before she did) she's a big fan of Fukuburger, and it was due time I got dragged along. Now, I'm not as big of a fan of Asian food as she is (I think PF Chang's is high dining) so I was a bit concerned. She recommended the Tamago, which is a burger with fried egg on top, and some kind of sauce. I think it's two sauces, actually: Teriyaki and something else. It's got bacon, and you can get it with cheese (I didn't).

Sounds good? Hai. (That's Japanese for yes. I'm bilateral.)

My only complaint about the burger is that the egg yolk was runny, and I like firmer eggs. (IN YOUR PANTS!! j/k) So next time I'll have to order it well-done. But other than that, this burger kicks more ass than Sailor Moon.

(I'm running out of Japanese references.)

But the atmosphere was actually really badass! Hip hop playing, cars rollin', people laughing and kickin' back. It was a good community feel, and I wish I had hung out longer. I'm definitely up to go back.

And when I do, I'm going to rock my Sailor Jupiter costume.

Or not.
Tis me favorite burger currently raoming the Vegas desert.

I eat 2-4 at a time. They are regular-sized burgers too, not a tall slider. The sauces give the burgers a good and tasty twist from normal burgers...a little bit of tang to go with the meat. 

$5 a burger. And they have other creative dishes as well, like their version of chicken and waffles.
I must say, I was highly skeptical at first when my boyfriend suggested that we chase this truck down for dinner. Boy was I wrong. Within five minutes, the parking lot was full and a line had already formed. The locals really know the quality of this burger truck.

We tried the Kinoko (mushroom burger), Karai (spicy burger), and crack sauce fries. The meat was so juicy and according to the owners, it was processed fresh that day. They really did a good job creating new flavors to the typical hamburger. It had the perfect blend of spice, veggies, and unique flavors on fresh meat. The crack sauce fries were heart-cloggingly good too. I will definitely go back and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.

Try it out if you're a local or just visiting. It's worth the effort & wait...trust me.
Great group of guys making good food.


Fukuburger is like Run DMC meets Aerosmith, or The Black Keys w/ Big Boi if your up on things.  Combining Asian flavors with American fast food flare at a high quality level is all it takes to win the hearts of hungry Las Vegasians.  

I went with the following:

Naga Dog - 

A smokey delicious explosion of flavor.  The hotdog had the perfect sear on it, maintaining that awesome snap one would expect from a well-done dog.  It was topped with daikon radish, their habanero kabayakisauce (smoky and spicy), and a little spicy mayo.  The bun held up well to the heavy ingredients resting between it.  My favorite item, so far.


FukuFries - 

Salty, fast food fries.  I liked these, but could see where some people might not like the amount of salt.  Really though, if you're complaining about salt from a fast food meal, you might as well just keep enjoying your piece of lettuce and stop whining, its not for you.

Karai (spicy burger) - 

Cooked perfectly medium, the burger was not too big, and packed a nice punch.  It wasn't as spicy as I hoped, but people out there might disagree with me.  The burger was topped with sliced cucumber, avocado, spicy mayo, and habanero kabayaki sauce.  

The guys who run this dream on wheels are great, and with their personalities and the music playing from the truck, Fukuburger is a Fukin-great time.
It's awesome! My boyfriend and I were leaving working and took a shortcut down Dean Martin, where we saw the truck parked. We turned around and decided to give it a shot; it was awesome!!!

They accept credit/debit cards, which is great, we wouldn't have stopped if we didn't have cash since most food trucks don't accept cards.  I'm not a burger person, but I got the Naga Dog. It's a spicy link, with homemade pickled daikon relish, grilled kimchi, and wasabi mayo, with habanero kabayaki and dried seaweed. I thought it sounded crazy and didn't think I'd like it but I gave it a shot and it was DELICIOUS!

Boyfriend and I shared a Jazz Fry, which is french fries with gravy and crack sauce. Those were AMAZING! And my boyfriend got a strawberry lemonade, and I ended up having to buy one later because it was VERY good. I used to get Sammy's L.A. Pastrami's strawberry lemonade because it was voted best in town, but Fukuburgers was way better!
In the last month Tera Patrick (Porn Star), BJ Penn (UFC Star) and my friend Ted ( a star in his own mind) have all eaten here. The hip factor is off the charts.

Last week in the NY Times writer Matt Gross said it was best burger he had ever eaten....sober (in his article "Lost in Las Vegas").

The food has the WOW factor and I am surprised others in the foodie capital of the world have not tried a variation on this theme to make their burgers better....that mean's YOU David Myers...
Katty Burger - best burger I've had in Vegas. Can't believe their burgers are this amazing and only $5. They're spreading burgie love and happiness all over the Vegas. I love it when they partner with a live DJ. Super cool scene. Track their schedule at their site and friend 'em on Facebook. I heart u guys!
This place is the shit. The burgers are cooked just right -- none of that overly charred crap.  The menu isn't extensive (I think there's six burgers on the menu?) but the burgers are good and have some fun asian fusion flavoring. There's also the added allure of chasing this truck on its website to find out its location the day of.  

Also, it recently got a shout out in the NY Times:

http://travel.nytimes.com/2011/02/06/travel/06las-vegas.html?sq=lost+in+las+vegas&st=Search&scp=1&pagewanted=all

We tried out the truck a month or so ago, i.e., the middle of January. I imagine that as it starts to get warmer, it'll be nicer to hang outside, talk and eat.

Side tip, get your own fries. Sharing is out of the question, just because you want to eat all of them.

A must try if you're in Vegas, like burgers and like something different.
Finally popped my fuku burger cherry! And I was not disappointed... Ha!

The truck was in the BOA plaza in Chinatown and even though we got there right when it opened, there already was a long line of people. They were bumping hip hop music, and you can tell the laid back islander vibe in the whole scene. 

I ordered karai burger which had the perfect kick of spice and the pickled cucumber in the burger was to die for! Had a side of garlic fries which was decent.

Took away one star for a LONG wait in the cold. Brrrr. I guess the wait was worth it. But I wish I ordered two burgers instead of one because it was on the small side... Or maybe I'm just a fattie haha.
This is hands down the best food truck in Las Vegas, I go on a weekly basis and it is amazing Japanese fusion burgers from a food truck is more than worth tracking down, the owners Colin and Mags are so humble, its obvious they love what they do.
Pretty solid performance, considering it was my first "food truck" experience!  I ordered the #3 Pig...and waited.
Only gripe I have is the freekin Rap blasting out my eardrums.
The guys are Fukuburger are like the uncle who is kinda mean in a joking manner and cooks some crazy food. Do you have that kind of uncle? Oh me either, but if I did I would imagine it would look like someone from Fukuburger.

Fukuburger definitely has upped their game since their first opening sometime in July, it was cool, interesting, but sometimes my burger was overcooked or undercooked. Pssssh thats not the case anymore, the past 4 or 5 times I haven't had a inconsistently cooked item from Fuku. The fries quantity seemed to get smaller, but now its all GRAVY (they have gravy fries, thats why it was hilarrrrious, whatt you don't think so? ):). Skip Smashburger's egg burger and GO get the real deal with Fuku's tamaGO! 

Their staple item's are all equally delicious, its just really depends on what you like. Their specialty items usually pop up during special events, holidays, or new spots for them to post at such as Frankie's Tiki Room.  

Like everyone else mentioned their spot are usually at cool places to hang out with a couple of friends, from the parking lot across from Bank of America to Cloud 9 Hookah Lounge to Red Hand Tattoo to Molto's Farmer's Market. That's the great thing of Fukuburger besides their food, they are at spots supporting the local businesses. When you buy local your money circulates in your state, not California or Idaho. Fukuburger for 2012???
Coming back from a late night rendezvous to support some friends across town with their cover band, we back upon a food truck.  I thought it was so cute that my man got so excited that he called it a lunch truck! haha!  We had accidentally discovered FUKUBURGER in Chinatown.  It was almost midnight and the factors of "discovering" the food truck and having the late night munchies made this delicious points go up.  Eating outside with yummy food and listening to hip music made me feel like the "cool" kid in high school.

1.  Tamago burger (burger patty, egg over easy, onion strings, teriyaki sauce and furikake) - The yolky egg easily won me over, but the crunch of the onion strings and furikake cemented its win.  It wasn't the tastiest patty ever but definitely texturegasmic.
2.  Fuku Moco - this was basically a mini loco moco bowl with an added bonus of bonito flakes and extra oozy yolky egg.  Another texture win!
3.  Seasoned fries- These were piping hot, extra crispy and perfectly seasoned.  

Conclusion:  If you have the late night fatty munchies, find fukuburger.
My girl had heard a bunch of good things about this food truck so we went the thursday night and had tamago (egg) burgers, they was super greesy, and was sitting in a bunch of sauce. We did not enjoy it much but the fries were ok. The service was fast and friendly though.
I finally made it over to Fuku last night. I got there around 2:30am-ish and it was hopping. So hopping, in fact, that I was informed they were all out of burgers. But I was starving and already there, and since the Naga Dog looked interesting, I went for it. And I added a side of Jazz Fries - only to be informed that they were out of gravy and could substitute teriyaki. But that sounded like an ok substitution, so I went for it too.

I totally loved the experience. From the folks in the truck serving up the eats, to the drunken fools waiting patiently for their good eats, to the tip jelly... It's just an all-around good time in the BoA Chinatown parking lot.

Instead of standing around and eating my dog and fries, I opted to just take them to go and drive home to eat (which isn't exactly close). To my pleasant surprise, the food was still piping hot when I got home. And OMG it was delicious! I have never experienced a hot dog like that before. So many flavors going on - and they all complimented each other and worked so well together. And the fries were great too - perfectly cooked and the toppings were a flavor combo of goodness.

So based on my experience and what I ordered, totally 5 stars. I still can't believe it took me this long to stop by. And I will most definitely be stopping by again. Bonus points for accepting credit cards.
My first, but not last, trip to this food truck. I built myself into a frenzy when I first found out about these guys on the web. I was so hungry that night yet it took me a couple of weeks to make it there. I wasn't disappointed when I got to my burger. I ordered the Buta Burger and fries. Finally somebody understands what bacon is supposed to be on a burger. If this holds up then my next trip I'm getting a t-shirt also. Keep up the good work guys!
I really enjoyed this burger. A lot. I got the tamago burger which is topped with a fried egg and crispy onions. The burger patty was thick and perfectly moist. This might become a weekly ritual.
As solid as it gets.....Colin and 'Mags' are putting out food that all Las Vegas Food Trucks should strive to be.  Everything on there menu is well thought out, balanced and made to order.  Great combination....tried the 'Charlie Sheen' Steak and Egg sandwich last week...one word phenomenal.
Their "Jazz Fries" are why I upped my rating to a 5.  Their crack sauce is delicious, and goes well on pretty much everything.  Plus, I love that you can get a fried egg on your burger, it's so good!  Love that yolk running into your mouth when you bite into it, so good and flavorful.  Plus everyone that works there is awesome!
Just got back from Vegas Streats and had to review this truck as soon as I got home. While I fully expected waiting in lines at this food festival, I never expected I would be waiting as long as I did at Fukuburger. First, my boyfriend and I got Tastybunz, where we waited about an hour altogether. After trying that, we made our way over to Fukuburger so we could try it for the first time. The line was just as long as Tastybunz's was, so we figured we would wait about the same time. This was not the case at all. We waited in line for an hour just to order, but then waited yet another hour for our food to come out. The waiting was awful considering there were obnoxious drunk people spilling beers on your feet, screaming in your ears, and blowing smoke in your face. Also, we were completely turned off when we noticed the guys of Fukuburger were serving their friends who were simply just walking straight up to the pick up window asking for food and receiving it immediately. I understand these people were their friends, but it was incredibly annoying and frustrating considering we were waiting forever just to get 2 burgers, along with about 30 other people too. When our order was finally ready, we grabbed our food and left the area so we could eat in peace. At this point, we were agitated and tired of standing, but nonetheless excited to get our first taste of Fukuburger. Sadly, after taking our first bite, we came to realize that the burgers were completely raw and inedible. We were so disappointed and mad that we had just wasted money and time on burgers we couldn't even eat. With that said, I gave two stars only because the actual flavor of the rest of the burger was good and I do understand it was probably hard feeding a crowd so large. However, I was so turned off by the service and the food, I don't imagine I will ever return.
I absolutely love these burgers! My favorite is the Karai Spicy Burger. I think the hint of spiciness & cucumbers is what made it for me. Their fries are always yummy & with the sauce makes it even better! I've taken bites of other burgers from friends.. including the Katsu & Tiki, but the Karai still gets me every time. It's what I always order!
Their food is pretty good. Their burgers are cooked to be very juicy, their combination of the different ingredients adds to the flavor of their burger. It is amazing!

The only thing is the portion size compared to the price. It isn't really worth while but the food is really delicious.
Geesh these burgers are so small! The prices seem right at first, but when you get the little baby pattie burger you feel a little robbed. Same with the fry portions. 

I want to like Fuku a lot. The people who work the truck are all nice and make it a fun experience. But, the burgers aren't all that great. Sorry, Fuku.
Food trucks are totally trendy these days, so I figured I should try one out. I'm always on the lookout for good late-night food to soak up the booze, so I went over to Chinatown one night to try a Fukuburger and see what all the kids are raving about.

Basically, it's just greasy burgers and fries...albeit with a few unusual ingredients. And kind of expensive! In-N-Out is a way better value, and the ingredients are just as fresh and wholesome. But, In-N-Out closes at 1am...so I guess if you're hungry after that, you might try this truck.

The one thing Fuku has going for it is the ambiance -- when I went, it was parked in a huge parking lot in Chinatown, surrounded by tailgating kids smoking hookah and hanging out. It was like a little outdoor Fuku-festival, which was neat.

But on the merits of food alone....meh.
Loved it, my favorite is the Tamago Burger and Fukuburger definitely needs a vegetarian burger!. I keep getting the same question every time I recommend Fuku to someone!!.
We were the first to get there when they opened at 8 p.m. I had been on a diet for a month and so the taste of the burger was amazing! We got the special-it was on grilled bread with mushrooms. The portion was not big but it was just normal size. The fries portion was small and nothing special-garlic fries. The workers there are very nice. It got crowded quick-so they must have a lot of fans. Def. better than Slidin Thru, thats for sure. If it were up to my fiance, we would be back again.
Food Streats across from the El Cortez was amazing...so many people, live DJ's, cool booths and great food trucks. 

I had the Fuku Karai spicy burger and it was really good! Soft, spicy and yummy!! I also enjoyed the thick  fries....
Definitely on par with the best of them Lost Wages burger joints.. but on wheels! Stopped by here after another shootin' session at American Shooters and just by chance met Max, who happens to be from the same culinary school I attended back home, and like the rest of us came from the bay area which made for some interesting conversation. In anycase, big up goes out to dude for making the homie something vegetarian -- on the fly! She was pretty impressed! Respect!

My other friend enjoyed his Buta-Burger while I enjoyed the Fuku Burger, which I pretty much demolished in no time flat. Proving that theres Fukin something at Fuku for everyone. I gotta try the rest of their food! Does anyone know if they have a consistent schedule or not? Twitter, their facebook or website hasn't been much help.
Fukuburger is not your typical food truck or roach coach. Before the recent food truck movement, people rarely perceived these 'kitchens on wheels' as outlets they wanted to eat at. Today, the public's mindset has done a complete 180 and FT's like Fukuburger are now experiencing large, almost cult-like, fan followings. The reason why Fuku has gained such notoriety and acclaim can be attributed, in large part, to the unique menu items that they offer and their ability to successfully execute their food on a consistent basis.  I've eaten at Fukuburger numerous times and have had the pleasure to experience each of their Asian/pacific-island inspired burgers. My favorite burgers are the 'Kinoko' - mushroom burger - and the 'Fuku-Burger' - lucky burger. Though, the item I order the most is the Nagadog; no visit to Fuku is complete without it. I love the crisp snap of the hot-link sausage; the creaminess of the wasabi mayo; and the crunch and texture of the kimchi - there's no better hot dog on the planet. Other items they offer include the 'Loco Moco' and 'Naga Moco'. The Loco and Naga are almost entirely the same dish and only distinguished by their main source of protein; Loco - Hamburger patty and Naga - hot-link sausage. Both of them come with rice, one fried egg and gravy; a great meal to have for when it's cold outside.
This review was collecting dust, just waiting to be posted.....Had Fukuburger the same night as Sloppi Jo's opening(waaay back!)

We tried the Buta Burger, Fuku Moco, Jazz Fries, Mac Salad with Furikake, and the Naga Dog. Washed it all down with a Strawberry Lemonade(This was AFTER we had already scarfed down a Sloppi Jo, Pork and chicken Tacos, Green Chile Chicken Stew and Sopapillas!)

Buta Burger was bomb, as well as the Fuku Moco with the smokiness of the shaved bonito on top, the Naga Dog had a nice char and snap to it.
Furikake was a nice touch on the Mac Salad...fries were aight with their "crack sauce" which tastes like yum yum sauce you find at sushi joints...Overall, good first trip, mos def not the last....ALOHA!!!
You need to eat here! Check its daily schedule. Fusion burgers at its best at a low price. My favorite is the tamago burger with garlic fries and extra crack sauce. Good food and good people!
Many people won't know this, but the word "fuck" comes from the Japanese Fuku, which means 'to make romance explosion of flavor in your mouth".

Not really, but i'm sure a few people will fall for it.I had the weekend off from work and decided right away that Fukuburger was to be on the top of the list of things I wanted to do.Fukuburger and 2 other trucks had made camp in Chinatown @ Spring Mountain and Wynn.the Fukus set up buckets for people to sit on and eat.I'm a little too awesome to sit on a bucket, so I went ate in the car.

I ordered up the Fukuburger, Togarashi Garlic Fries and a Sunkist.Order was up pretty quick and I retreated to the car to commence the ritual.Turned on the air-conditioning, blasted some Amon Amarth and took a bite....holy fuku!The flavor assaults your tastebuds right away and brings you to orgasm.The fries were amazing, probably the best I've ever had.The burger is probably the 2nd best I've ever had.This is definitely a truck that I will be stalking in the future.

Fuku you all.
I came here for my second visit last weekend during the Food Network food truck invasion. I had to order the Tamago burger which is heaven. I don't think you can ever go wrong with fried egg on a burger. But, I also had the Jazz fries and FUK! It was unreal, the crack sauce with the gravy holy shit! So good, it took me back to my youth traveling Canada for hockey with gravy on fries being normal then adding a unique but delicious flavor of the crack sauce. The service was also faster than the last time I came when i waited a half hour for 2 burgers.
The other night I was starving so I turned to my handy dandy yelp to see what was around me that I could munch on, I came across fukuburger and saw the reviews and though OMG I have to try this!!!!!! When I got there, there was a young crowd eating their food on home depot buckets while loud music was blasting, I thought to myself this is going to be awesome, def my new spot for munchies late at night. To start off I didn't know where i could place my order, I got passed that we literally ordered everything on the menu and split each thing in half. Ill start with the good, the fries with extra crack sauce was ammmmazing, I def would be back just for that. Now for the bad, the food just didn't have any distinct flavor that stuck out the meat was almost raw it looked like they cooked in maybe a min on each side, when you bite into any of the burgers the center was bloody. I honestly thought that they were bland not well prepared, and you could tell they do not take any pride in what they do. Yes it might just be a food truck, but I've eaten at many food trucks, that not only had amazing flavor but presentation. The burgers were super sloppy and looked like they were thrown together. The wait time was HORRIBLE!!!!!!!! Please go somewhere else do not follow the hype definitely not worth the money. The fries maybe.
Like I've noted in past reviews, it takes a lot for me to find recognition in a strictly burger atmosphere. Fukuburger is delicious. While the menu is small and doesn't provide as much variety as Bachi Burger could, what they do offer is a lot of flavor and punch to their burgers. The burgers with mushrooms, "the egg burger", and the hot dogs are amazing! I feel like while the jazz fries could sabotage my healthy eating (hahaha!), they are addictive! There is always a crowd that comes no matter where they go, and you run into some pretty interesting people for conversations. Definitely a favorite!
Finally tried this food truck at the Vegas StrEats Festival in Downtown LV after hearing so much about it, and I definitely agree that they make some damn good burgers.

I tried the Fuku-burger and it was cooked to perfection with some great flavors.  It definitely has an asian flair to it.  I also tried their garlic fries, and I would say that it also tastes amazing, and it complements the burger nicely.

The price is awesome, as I only spent $9 on a burger, fries, and a drink (unlike some gourmet burger places that will run you up close to $25 dollars for the same type of order).

The menu isn't complicated and I am looking forward to trying some of their other burgers.  Oh, and if you tip them they give you this asian jelly treat and yell out "Tip Jelly!"
What an incredible burger! I'm definitely a Tamago burger fan. Fries are excellent and perfectly cooked. 

I really like the strawberry lemonade which is worth the $1 re-fill... My only complaint is the canned soda. Bury them in ice so they stay cold!

Oh, and my kids love Fukuburger, which is a testament to the deliciousness of the food. We love to support local street food vendors. Keep up the great work.
Fukuburger had the longest line and wait at this month's StrEATS. After a half-hour we finally had a Karai Burger in hand. It was tender and it had good flavor, but I really expected it to be more spicy. It had more of a sweet heat.
Amazing food, amazing service...   If you like burgers and a fun expeirience then hands-down you need to check it out... The #2 was to die for!  :)
Came here this past weekend, I had #1 and he had #3. Both burgers were awesome. They were at Studio 21 Tattoo and there was not a big line. The patty for my burger was done medium rare, which is perfect for me but I thought it would've made more sense if they asked how well done I wanted it. Had a bite of the #3 and the Japanese BBQ sauce did the trick and made the burger perfect. All their burgers look pretty good, can't wait to try them all :)
Food trucks? In high school I would have stayed away for sure. We called them roach trucks. 

How times have changed!. Food trucks are in vogue now and no matter what city you go to you can have a great, cheap meal on wheels. 

Fuku is a unique setup. The menu is small but the food doesn't taste bad whatsoever. My wife and daughter had the garlic fries and the Macaroni salad. $2 each so not bad at all. I had the burger with egg (Tamago) and the spicey burger (Karai). At $5 a pop they are sort of expensive but they are fresh and definitely have an Asian flavor. I didn't care for the egg burger as the egg was a little runny. The spicey burger was better, tasted really good. I want to try the chicken and hotdog next. It's very different from your run of the mill american burgers and fries. If you want to try something different give Fuku a try. 

Sitting in the open air in Chinatown; enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Can't wait to try it again.
The Fukuburger truck has been stopping by the tattoo parlor right next to my house every Wednesday for who knows how long now, so I finally decided to mosey on over and give them a try last week. I got the Tamago burger, the Chicken Katsu burger, and some garlic fries to share with my husband.

OK, so the fries are really nothing special. The garlic flavor is very faint, especially since the burgers are so flavorful, so they're really just there to give you something to munch on and dip in sauce. But I didn't really go for the fries, and the burgers did not disappoint!

The Tamago burger is wonderfully soft, and the flavors are sweet and savory and you're probably going to be craving them later. It's messy but the runny egg yolk is half the fun--just be careful not to yolk yourself!

The Chicken Katsu burger ended up being our favorite though, by far! It's a huge piece of delicious chicken katsu with a wonderful crunchy crust, on a bun with cabbage and katsu sauce. The menu says it has wasabi mayo on it too, but I didn't actually notice it. It is SO GOOD! I just wanted to keep eating that thing, unfortunately I had to give half of it to my husband. Half a Tamago burger was a good consolation prize, but we both agreed that the Katsu burger is where it's at.

Long story short, their fries are OK, but their burgers are what's bringing me back there for round 2 tonight!!
First time to this burger truck as our local friend took a couple of us out to eat before partying....It's a burger truck with some Asian/ Hawaiian influence.  The burgers are average in size but the patties are very thick and juicy( lots of flavors!!) I had a cheese burger with shitake mushrooms and my friends got a moco loco type dish with rice. The prices are affordable they also sell specialty hot dogs.  It could get pretty busy no seating outside just some big empty buckets.  I like this place and would come here again when in Vegas.
I think my luck with Fukuburger is all negative or neutral at best.  Way back on July 1 (pre-grand opening) when I was following them on their blog and went to a Chinatown location at 8pm, where they said they will show up, but ended up being a no show after 60-90 minutes.  Then I waited in a line at one of the food truck rallies, thinking it was for Fukuburger, but the long line snaked its way to Slidin' Thru, and I ended up missing that opportunity.

Anyway, finally thought my luck has turned when I was the second order placed at the Ellis Island sponsored Food Truck Smash-Up event.  When I received my burgers (#3 Buta-Burger & #5 Karai) I was pretty excited.  Finally a short line and short wait for this elusive and much loved burger, I thought.  Quickly navigating my way to a table in the shades, I took two pictures and attacked the burgers.  When I picked it up, I noticed that it was pretty greasy, to the point that almost 1/3 of the bun was soggy from the puddle of Fuku Patty grease.  As burgers goes, I was thinking this was no better than the cheap and greasy burgers served at hole-in-the-wall bowling alleys, and all the people that love and rave about Fukuburger must be on crack.

At this point it would be a 1 star review.  But then I see the burgers that others ordered and I did not see the grease soaked buns or the puddle of melted fat in the paper trays, and realized that the food truck gods have dissed me again!

Knowing that they can make and serve better burgers, I will give them one more try, but if the consistency is again on the negative side then that will be that + a down grade to 1 star for serving subpar food and lack of proper QA.

1 star for the food + 1 more star because I know they can serve better ones than the ones I received for popping my Fukuburger cherry.
had the number 3 burger it was very good and tastey
This is by far one of the best food trucks I've ever eaten at.  I've been to Fukuburger enough times to try everything on the menu and I must say that I've never had a bad experience.  Every bite of any of the items on the menu are chock full of flavor!

Favorite thing to order is the Tamago.
The Naga dog is pretty bomb also, so if you're not in the mood for a burger, this will get you your Fuku fix.

Also when you order make sure you get fries.  The seasoning and dipping sauces are awesome and if you're feeling crazy, get the Jazz fries.  If you don't feel like getting fries, get the macaroni salad.  Also very bomb.

Aside from all the good food, the staff is very friendly and they show plenty of gratitude to their patrons.  Sometimes they even give away free fries if they feel that we've been waiting too long (never had to wait more than 15 min).

Whenever we have visitors in town, we make sure to take them to the Fuku truck.

5 STARS!  Keep up the good work!
Went there the other day.  I had the #3 (their version of a bacon cheeseburger,) fries and a drink.  I thought the prices were a little high at first, but I walked away very full, so I changed my mind on that one.

The burger was fantastic, and fries were covered in seasoning salt, which I love.

Only complaint, they put mayo on everything (not listed on the burger ingredients,) and I detest that stuff.  At least put it on the menu if it's going on the burger...  Regardless, I'll be back.
I LOVE THESE BURGERS!!!!
Each burger is unique in their own way however I would have to agree that putting a few asian ingredients on a burger and calling it 'asian fusion' isn't the way to go. These are just regular burgers with some special sauces and ingredients that regular burger joints don't have but the mixture that fuku has just tastes so good~! I have tried every burger on the menu and my fav would have to be the Kinoko burger. Yes the burgers are greasy, yes it has lots of mayonnaise and whatnot but it just tastes great! The only complain that I have is the long lines. The food truck is just too popular and sometimes the wait can be 20min. =( The prices are also a little high for the size of the burger. Should definitely try this place once!!
Fukuburger, you better get there early or you find yourself waiting in line. I had a number 4 which was a medium cooked juicy patty that was between a well toasted bun, topped with grilled mushrooms to perfection & drizzled with a special sweet mayo sauce that had a hint of spiciness that just makes your mouth water for more. 

That's just the burger, you can't forget about the fries & and the special homemade lemonade. Fries are deep fried to a golden brown, well cut fries that has a crisp when you bight into it & a soft inside where you can actually taste the potato. They serve it 3 different ways. An original batch where it is lightly salted, served on the side with their mayo sauce & ketchup. Garlic fries which to be honest was prepared with garlic salt not with real garlic, not something I was too fond of. And Jazz fries which is something to try, if you do not like mayo then this is not for you. 2 differnt unique sauces that is drizzled on top. A sweet mayo that makes you forget about ketchup & another sauce that is too hard to describe, you just have to try it for yourself. 

Homemade Lemonade that will make your face pucker for some more. A sweet & tangy drink that is like no other. Watch out this is no quench relief, but it is something that you will enjoy.
best burgers in town!
the patties they use are amazing if its not kobe its way better than kobe!
its the juiciest burgers most flavorful flavors you can imagine
its just really good fusion between japanese and burgers! 
the fuku burger with egg is the best and the mac salad is simple yet tasty!
Great group of people who work there. They are so funny, and friendly. They get personal. Not like awkward personal or weird personal, but like you made a new friend kind of personal. I idea of having people get together to socialize and enjoy food and company merits them five stars already. Their food is great! I love love love their fries (if read my reviews I have a thing for french fries. I don't know why...), and their secret sauce. I've tried to surrender my body to them hoping they'll give me the recipe for their secret fuku fry sauce, but they just ended up overcharging me for  even trying to make such a crazy attempt. I suggest the Tamago and Fuku burger. The tamago is the egg burger. Fuku burger has your usual toppings along with their special fuku sauce. They do a bunch of events, and they are very fan based. Follow them on twitter! :) 

oh...and definitely tip them. It doesn't matter how much, but if you do you'r in for a "tip jelly treat!" Oh..and tell JJ janel said hi :)
Yooooooooo...Fukuburger snapped like a cheap bra strap. Holy crap.

My LV buddy was in my neck of the woods [Chicago] a few weeks back and I showed him around to the Chi's best burger. In return, he said he'd do the same when I was in Sin City. My guy delivered like whoa.

We caught the Fukuburger Truck at Vegas StrEATS [which as a truck meet was amazing, and puts Chicago's truck summit to shame]. But as alluring and tempting as the other trucks were, I was there on a mission: to get Fuku'd.

The truck itself is a street artists canvas: it's loud and out there with stickers, pictures, and colors galore. They take orders outside of the truck. The gal was standing on top of a stool to relay orders the the buger-magicians inside. You can vaguely see the magic happen through the stickered windows.

I ordered the #2 [Tamago/egg burger], #3 [buta-burger/pig burger], and some fries with a very delish dipping sauce.

The Tamago was UHHH-MAYYYYYY-ZING!! Most egg burgers that I've had were completely fried, not runny eggs. This bad boy was runnier than a sick kid's nose, not that I'm complaining or anything. To top it off, the Tamago is smothered in a teriyaki sauce that takes this burger up another notch.

And ya know I had to order the one named "buta-burger" just cuz it's name. It's got everything that I like: burger, bacon, cheese, bbq sauce. drooL. One of the best things about these burgers is the bun. It is sweet, kinda like a Hawaiian roll.

Service is legit; they're friendly and funny, and they'll call you by name when your order is ready. Oh, and what kind of food truck accepts credit cards?? Fuku does. Fuku does. But you may not even need the plastic with a $5 price tag.
I don't know why I ordered a hotdog on a burger truck?!
I was at the Vegas Streats event last weekend at El Cortez and decided to try out the Fukuburger truck. But when I got there, guilt ate me up and instead of ordering one of the burgers, I went with the hotdog. I don't know why I went with that instead and a side order of garlic fries?? I really don't know and not sure why. But I found out that, although I love me some kim chee on rice or by itself or on my ramen, I do not like it on my hotdog (NAGA DOG). On top of that, I was not digging the sea weed shreds on top either.. With the salty, vinegary , spicy and fishy, just wasn't working for me.  I couldn't swallow the bite i took. Mind you I waited 30 minutes for this hot dog, and there I was , all worked up and excited about a hotdog, I was was very disappointed.  Next time I come back, I will NOT be having NAGA dog ever again, perhaps I will try the actual burger I went there initially for.
I was fortunate to stumble across this truck in the parking lot of Frank's Tiki Room after having a couple of drinks. I had yet to join the Food Truck craze here in Vegas so this was my break in experience. We were greeted by a nice friendly young women who was kind enough to take the time to go over their popular dishes. I ordered the No 3: Buta-Burger "Pig Burger" with no sides. I just wanted a quick light late night meal. This burger has miso glazed applewood smoked bacon, double American cheese, onions, pickled ginger and Japanese BBQ sauce. The bacon was nice and thick with great flavor which went well with this combination of ingredients. I found the whole experience to be great. I will definitely be on the look out for their truck in the future.
Highly Recommend grabbing a quick lunch or late night snack when you see this truck in a parking lot somewhere.
I loved my first fukuburger. It was item #4 on the menu- the kinoko mushroom burger.  I enjoyed the juicy meat, the wasabi mayo, the ginger and shitake mushroom - all ingredients I loved.  I promise to try more from your menu fukuburger! I will see you again!
We all have had a chance to try dozens and dozens of burgers all over the place. Well FUKU is unique. They have managed to give their burgers that extra twist that makes it worth the trip. Their fries are good too. Well done guys.
Okay, so I finally tried this thing. 

The burger was quite tasty. I had the #3. Can't remember the exact name, but it's basically their ~sweet burger and they pull it off. I've had ~sweet burgers from other places before that were full of fail as they either made me feel like I should have just went on ahead and have an ice cream sandwich or they weren't sweet at all. This one had the perfect ratio of sweetness and burger flavor. 

One gripe I have is that they place mayo on everything. As you all know, I'm a mayonnaise hating machine, and the #3 comes with wasabi mayo (OMG GROSS) but the menu doesn't say so. Yeah, they should really put that on the menu so fellow mayo haters like me will know to tell them to hold it on that particular item. However, when I told them my burger had mayo and I didn't want it they quickly took it back and replaced it with no problem, so I'll let it slide. 

The prices are unfortunately rather steep as a burger, fries and a drink will be almost $10, but it's a pretty damn good burger and something that's worth a try at least once due to the out of the ordinary concept, so I think that the $5 price tag for the burger is worth it.
Food truck happiness in a little paper tray.

We hit Fuku during the impromptu Pimpin' Street Party about 2 weeks ago and all I can say is "mamzatsoodood." I think that was, "Oh man, that's soooo good..." Or something equally appreciative of my mouth being full of a Naga Dog at that exact moment.

Spicy and sweet - my favorite - the dog itself was spicy (you could choose a milder weiner, but I opted to go full tilt into this experience), then topped with a wasabi aioli, roasted kimchee (wow!), peppers and spices, and a sprinkling of crunchy nori. I know I am probably missing something in the description but it all boils down to this: amazing freaking hot dog.

If you are like me and avoid bread and breadly-type items, ask for it protein-style. They'll plate it on a broad lettuce leaf to help you pick it up and eat it. The lettuce helps, trust me, and adds a bit of crunch without taking away from the flavors of the food they're serving... plus, it's a food truck, folks; no silverware should be allowed, even the plastic kind.

A friend of mine ordered the same thing I did (but opted for the bun) and said much of the same mouth-full-gibberish I did. I don't think I have seen two people shove wein.... err... eat hot dogs so fast in my life.

So, Fuku! I know I will... ;)
My recommendation: Tamago Burger

The lines take forever but it's fine because the rest of the customers waiting are really friendly. 

The Tomago Burger is to die for. I was a little skeptical about the idea of putting egg on my burger, but I'm glad I did. The egg doesn't taste "eggy" at all, but instead "cheesy". The flavors mix well together . 

The truck is only open during late hours, which I am totally ok with. I'd rather not stand in those long lines in the blisterng sun.

Remember to tip for a special suprise ;)
Great food, but don't get it to go.
This is for two reasons.
One, the burgers can get incredibly soggy very fast, so I don't think they would last a trip
Two, the people and the areas they usually go to are quite fun.
Usually a lot of very friendly people and they can be quite talkative.
On my most recent trip I ended up going on the 4th of July on their birthday and they even had a Taiko demonstration.  

The burgers are juicy, somewhat small but usually filling and the jazz fries are delicious.

Definitely worth checking out.
Amazing burgers and great service. The atmosphere is relaxed as you relax with friends and fans of this delicious food truck.
I had what i believe was the Pig Burger. Damn it was good with the bacon and the burger still a little pink on the inside. Seems like Kimchi was on top. Had the Garlic Fries and Strawberry Lemonade for about what i spend at Mc Donalds. And never give your real name. They like for you to be kreative with it. They give you ketchup and some other sauce for the fries but they are damn fine without it. I will follow this truck around.
Wow! Why does all the yummy stuff in life have to be pizzas, wings, and burgers? Especially Fukuburgers!  I'm not a big burger fan, I mean I rarely order one in a restaurant and whatnot, but I'm always up for trying out something new.  And boy, I'm glad I did!

So I had some Fukuburger about two days ago, ate the #2 Tamago Burger and everything was just perfect.  The sauce, meat, buns, were all so good.  Despite the fact that my car battery died and I was stranded there for a couple hours, my experience with Fukuburger will always be memorable: The buckets flipped over and used for seats, people sitting on the hood of their cars eating, good music BUMPING up the parking lot through the Fukuburger Truck sound systems. It was all a great experience for me (except the part when I was trying to start the car in vain. Thankfully, there were some friendly people and I was able to jump start the car :D).

I always thought they were located on Spring Mountain, but I talked with Jasmine and they move around depending on the day of the week.  Their schedule is on their website so check it out before going.  This is definitely something I would recommend to a friend visiting town.
Wow. Amazing.
I had the Tamago Burger and it's amazingly delicious.    Over easy egg on top of the Chuck Grilled Meat, Tomago Futo Furikaki, Teriyaki Sauce, Crispy string onions and Wasabi Mayo:) Don't forget the Buns:) 

Definitely the BEST  BURGER  in Vegas:) 

Service was excellent and the staff was friendly...  

Please open a Fukuburger in San Francisco....
FIVE STARS WHY? here we go: 
TIME: 
Fast courteous service by a hottie that was high in sugar....upselled and suggested items that were not in the menu or are a rare item on the menu. Food was out in 7 to 10 minutes. 
TASTE: 
-OMG! Burger #1 (Fuku burger) was amazingly good, in my 10yrs in Vegas it has to be one of the best burgers in recent memory, the beef on my burger was really fresh and tasty, their ingredients are fresh and you can taste every single one of them and they are all taste of high quality. 
-their Spicy Hot Dog was also excellent, it had spicy stuff inside the dog itself just enough to give it a kick but not too much to make your mouth burn 
- also their French Fries were good, very different from the other generic fast food places, as you bite the crunchy edges the seasoning makes you salivate just in time for the inside of the french fry (which taste like actual potato) mix and have a great combination of seasoning and potato. 
CLEANLINESS: 
The food truck itself is clean but keep in mind you will be spending your time in a parking lot....and parking lots can be messy, so if you are a clean freak you can take it to go or eat in the comfort of your car otherwise chill there with the other cool people, dance if you want to, grab a bucket to seat or seat on a ledge somewhere...its good times around the truck. 

The rundown: 
Awesome food that's great tasting and will not stink your hands and mouth up like fast food places, different, fun and at a great price. 
look for them around your neighborhood in their website. 
:)
We all know the hype surrounding Fuku and whatnot. 

Burgers are the bomb. However, out of the two we purchased one was very raw and undercooked. This made me sad because the that was cooked was soooo freaking delicious.

Great Staff. Nice to look at.

Definately will go back.

Food Truck for the win.
I am finally getting around to review Fukuburger.  It is seriously one of the best burgers I've had in Vegas.  I had the Tomago burger and it was excellent.  I love the combination of the crispy onion rings and the egg on my burger.  The only problem is that it's sticky street food.  I applied pressure on the burger to condense the onion rings so that it would fit in my mouth, not realizing that putting pressure on the egg would send it flying.  So watch out!
I was in luck....my man and I were going to Frankie's Tiki Room and spotted the Fukuburger truck in the parking lot. I had read a lot of the reviews on here saying how great it was. Boy were y'all right. We had just finished dinner somewhere so I was already full but I couldn't pass up this opportunity. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with pickled ginger.

Oh my goodness....it was so tender and flavorful. I was enjoying sitting on the curb. I also got to converse with the staff and they were really chill and friendly (they even offered me some of their hookah pipe..I passed but I still thought it was nice). 

If I see them again I will DEFINITELY stop to eat. Melo at Frankie's said I needed to try their fries that are covered in some form of sauce. Till next time Fukuburger.
Seems like all my reviews are 5 stars, guess I just know the good spots to eat!! Fuku Burger was beyond words. The burger was seasoned to perfection, the bun was ever so soft, the bacon wasn't too chewy or crisp just right, the sauce on it was undescribable and the pickeled ginger broght this exotic explosion to bring the burger to an alimighty experience. OHHHHH EMMMM GEEEE just writing about it made me want another one!!!! Oh and the strawberry lemonade was greatness! All in all I see me stalking all their locations, (well within in my jurisdiction..gas is still pretty high!!)
Driving around with my brother and Katrina M., we had passed by the 215/Rainbow intersection, and decided that Fukuburger was a necessary pit stop. I've heard so much about how the Vegas food truck scene had blown up while I was out of town, and I was excited to experience it for myself. Oh Fukuburger, you are the stuff of dreams.

Katrina M. recommended I get the Tamago Burger, and ever since, it has been a personal favorite. In addition to her order of the special that day, we decided to get the Mac salad as well as Garlic Fries. Sometimes, if I go to bed hungry, I dream of the Tamago burger - all of its deliciousness in the form of burger, bun, egg, crispy onion rings, and with an addition of Teriyaki sauce. Oh my, as you progress through the burger, the yolk starts to seep out and mix with the Teriyaki, forming a sauce that man simply can't duplicate. The mac salad was surprising really. It was light with just the perfect amount of mayo (impressive considering I am usually a staunch opponent to all things mayo). The fries were pretty good as well, fried up perfectly with the right amount of garlic and seasoning.

This being my first food truck, I am amazed to see how Vegas is slowly becoming more and more food-conscious. No longer are the days where McDonald's reigns supreme with deliciousness like Fukuburger around the corner.
I love Fuku. They are at Wynn & Spring Mountain every Friday, that is when I go. The burgers are juicy and delicious, they have flavors you wouldn't expect but go so well together. Get the macaroni salad, amazing!
An american classic with an Asian twist. Burgers are really good and also their naga dogs with asian flavors is a hit! We do find ourselves doing fuku burgers every 2 months. Prices are affordable and the place is great for after hours dining.
The burger patties are worth the 5 bucks. They look small, but are really thick and filling :) I know I thought it was too little and wasn't enough but ended up being pretty full after. 

I've gone here twice!  I've tried the Buta-burger and karai.

Buta-burger: for some reason, I felt like it was really salty, but the sweet like sauce made up for it.

Karai- As my first burger, I thought it was pretty good (though I think I got too excited over it). It was just some special spicy sauce and some cucumber. Ehh

A bit of the Tamago--I loved it. It made me regret every burger I've had so far with fuku burger...it was so delicious. :( I almost was tempted to go buy it, but was already filled! DEFINITELY TRY IT FIRST! I cheated myself out by not trying it my first time. 

Next time I plan on getting those delicious fries I've heard rumors about and the Tamago! And we'll see then!
Awesome burger with a Japanese Flair.  Its the marriage traditional Japanese cuisine flavors and the good old fashion american burger.  If you are in Vegas you must check it out to see some cool cars and eat some greasy amazing goodness.  The price i think is fair and the ingredients are fresh with the servings you receive to be just enough and not overwhelmingly large.
I'm not too familiar with Japanese hamburgers but Fukuburger's was pretty good.

Their 'crack sauce' on their fries made me do a double take.  "I'm sorry, what's on your fries?"  

Prices were good too ($5 hamburger, $3 for fries).  Most food truck prices are pretty expensive here in LA.

A solid 3.5 / 5 stars
Epic!! Mind-Blowing!! AmAzInG!! are the words I'm using to describe my experience with Fukuburger. I tried It outside Insert Coins after a night of heavy bar hopping and was COMPLETELY HYPNOTIZED by the Intoxicating smell coming from a very bright colored food truck, so much so that I think I may have been floating to the truck while under my trance.....
After you've had Fukuburger, no other burger tastes as good! Hands down the best in Las Vegas
I have heard of the Fukuburger truck a couple of months ago and was always curious. I recently watched the foodnetwork show "The Great Food Truck Race 2" In the first episode, Fukuburger makes an appearance and that made me even more curious. Well, tonight craving a burger around midnight, I remembered where the infamous truck would be and just went for it. Yeah pictures from other reviews helped so when I went I was just dam hungry. I didn't expect to spend 20 bucks for me and the wife but hey it was an adventure and worth the cost. I got the Tamago Burger(topped with onion strings, an egg with teriyaki sauce) and wife got the Kinoko Burger(topped with shiitake mushrooms and red ginger) Our sides with Garlic fries and Mac Salad. Drinks recommended by the cute server was Strawberry Lemonade X 2. We ordered to go but the atmosphere reminded me of a Friday night in high school looking for house parties and races with nice rims and fast cars. You want to tell everyone check out my decked out CRX Powered by Mugen! Overall the food was excellent and the next time I will try totally something new. They had an asian version of Chicken and waffles I wanted but how much can stuff their face in one night. Sorry folks! I am still in a food coma and now back to the food. Burger was medium rare just how I like it and the Garlic fries came with a mayonnaise and ketchup. I am very old school and have never ever put anything but ketchup and on rare occasions cheese sauce. But the white stuff was bam bam bong bam. Perfect with the fires. The strawberry lemonade was not super sweet like most place ad went very well with allt he food. How strange is that. Strawberry lemonade goes good with Japanese fusioned burgers. I think it is worth giving a shot once. Just make sure to find out where they will be the various days of the week.
I like beef. I probably could eat beef everyday if it wouldn't kill me. In my life to date, I've probably demolished a nice little gaggle of cows. Now being a fan of the prime rib as I am, I find ground beef to be somewhat unexciting. My bf loves burgers. I tolerate them. Occasionally, I do have a craving for one. So imagine the stage. I am at Vintage Vegas and I am hungry. Lulu's is serving up stuff a little too rich for my blood today. My mom goes to hit Sloppi Jo's cause they have frog legs.

I see Fukuburger. The line is long. I check my mental list of food trucks. I have not had Fukuburger. Yay! I get to try something new. A burger sounds really good right now. I order the Tamago with fries and a lemonade. I'm sippin' on my drink waiting for my food. I'm waiting quite a while, but I have no worries cause I see them dishin' it out as fast as they can go. So it's finally my turn. Hmm, this is a bit small. I take a couple of bites. The flavor of the meat's not bad. It's quite ?sweet?, kind of greasy. Onions are crunchy. Egg is way overcooked. Fries are crispy and garlicky but nothing to write home about. *sigh* So far the best thing has been the lemonade.

Well, they tried. Or maybe their taste just doesn't match mine. I seriously could make a better bigger (and cheaper!) hamburger at home.
David Williams constant twitter hype, long days at the 2011 WSOP, people willing to pickup your food for you.  Nuff said.

The burgers are creative with strong Asian flavors that really satisfy after a long day of grinding.  Props to the mushroom burger (shitake and wasabi mayo) and the spicy burger (chili infused mayo and kabayaki sauce).   The meat itself is what you would expect.  Its good and cooked well but hey, this is not the Burger Bar and you are not paying $15 for it.

These burgers are not for everyone.  They are juicy, greasy, basically messy to eat.  Wait too long and the bun is mush. But if you're one of us with the winning "it's all good" attitude, Fukuburger delivers.
Always heard friends raving about this place and they were totally right. The food is def. good. Burgers were kind of small for the price but the taste was totally there. Amazing how people flock to a truck and sit on buckets to eat but thats the whole experience! The staff there are def. helpful if youve never been there before and help you choose what to get! Just check there truck schedual and you will know where to find them and you def cant miss the big red truck on the side of the road! Def a must try for a good burger and meal that will hit your taste buds and keep your stomach satisfied!
This place has been on my list to try for what seems to be eons.  I fell in love with the allure of Las Vegas food trucks about six months ago and due to the limited time that I had, I wasn't afforded the opportunity eat at Fukuburger.  That all changed Saturday night and sadly, it didn't live up to the hype surrounding it in my opinion.  The burger was good, don't get me wrong, it just wasn't the out of body experience that everyone made it out to be.

I completely loved the atmosphere of the place.  I was able to make it to "Saturday Night Food Fest" or whatever its called in front of Johnny Rocker's and was very impressed with the layout and the overall ambiance.  It was close to 2 in the morning and people were talking, laughing and just having a great time overall.  There were five food trucks in the parking lot and I had decided to try Fukuburger based on the fanfare it received from all of their patrons.  

Again, this burger was good, I don't want to detract from the quality because I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It just wasn't otherworldly as many others proclaimed it to be.  I ordered the #3 and was pleased with the pricing and the speed in which I received my food.  The #3 is their Buta or "Pig" Burger and it included Applewood Smoked Bacon, American Cheese, Onion, Pickled Ginger and their version of a Japanese BBQ Sauce.  I found the burger to be small and overly messy.  It tasted fine, but I really couldn't taste the flavor of the meat itself because it was slathered with a ton of sauce, which often times hides the quality of the meat.

I will most certainly give Fukuburger another chance when I return to Vegas in a couple of months, but for now, it's pretty good, nothing more, nothing less.
My mouth is watering as I write this, I've always heard of Fuckuburger but the last couple times I went to Vegas, I just never got the chance to try it out. 2 nights ago, I decided this would have to be mandatory and made sure to make the trek out to find the infamous foodie truck that all my friends had been buzzing about all year. Well as I pulled into the Bank of America parking lot off Spring Mountain Road. I felt as though I had been propelled into a scene from The Fast and The Furious, everyone was kicking it on their trucks & the vibe was hypnotic! There was a small line & I studied the pics on the side of the truck, I settled for The Pig Burger number 3, a Naga Dog & Garlic Fries. The sweet & gorgeous Jasmine who took my order was really nice & had no altitude. Everyone around me seemed relaxed and just enjoying their food. 
As soon as my order came up & I pulled up an orange bucket, my mouth seriously started to water. DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMN the garlic fries were popping & my mouth exploded with flavor. I bit into the burger, another flavor explosion, then the Naga Dog. It was like an explosion of flavor fireworks going off one after another, my tastebuds = pure heaven. I seriously inhaled my food so fast, that I immediately ordered a Tamago Burger with a fried egg on top. Was I full, Yes! Was I happy? HELL YES! It's so addictive & I am so coming back. Crack on a Bun!
I remember when my best friend who goes to UNLV came home and said he found a better burger than Hodad's. For those of you who don't know what Hodad's is, it's the best burger down here in San Diego, period. I thought that would always be the case. I figured that I would never find one anywhere better than Hodad's. Then I tried Fukuburger. It was the first thing I did when I got to Vegas. I took that first bite, and my heart sunk as my palate danced for joy. I couldn't believe it. I found a burger that tastes better than a Hodad's double cheeseburger SACed. Damnit though this burger is so good. It was the #1 that thoroughly pleased me. I also ordered the #3 at my friends urging, he said to try them both for good measure. They're cheap, delicious, kind of small, but oh so delicious. I still can't wrap my mind around it. Yes, I would rather have a Hodad's burger since it's one of my favorite eating establishments in the world due to the atmosphere and the food, but seriously Fukuburger needs to take a road trip about 5 hours southwest to San Diego so I can experience that wonderfulness again soon. I also tried the garlic fries which were good, and a side of kim chi which was also really good. I love Fukuburger.
OVERRATED. I've heard nothing but amazing things about this place so I was pretty excited to try it last friday when they had the truck parked outside of Vanguard downtown. I waited about 10 minutes on the line to order. 15 minutes waiting for the food. So it was a 25-30 minute wait to get the food and to me, it was not worth it at all.

1st off- I made my order totally clear. I repeated myself about 3 times that I would like 2 #3's (Buta-Burgers) both with just cheese,ketchup and bacon and add an egg to one of them and fries. Again... - 2 bacon cheeseburgers plain with no sauce or onions or anything, one with an egg- i'll pay extra for the egg. And also one order of fries. When I got my order, of course, there were 3 burgers, 2 plain bacon cheeseburgers and the egg burger. Grrr. Hate that!!
 
These burgers were the most average burgers I've had in my life. Honestly, they seemed like they were frozen patties with like soy sauce or something on them. I'll give them that their fries were pretty good and so was their chili mayo.

The only way I would ever get food from them again was if I was starving, there was no line, and it was the only thing in front of me at that moment.
I tried their Fuku burger and it was delicious. It was very juicy but I think it is because there was so much sauce not because of the beef. It was so busy and expensive because their burgers are small. It wasn't very worth the 30 minute car ride, the 15 minute wait in line to order, and the additional 20 minute wait for them to finish making the order. All this for two burgers that cost $11. It was a new and different experience though. The crowd was a little creepy - it seemed like everyone present at the time were loitering stoners (or stoners just waiting for their orders).

It was around West Tropicana at the time I think, in a small strip mall close to a smoke shop. It can be cool hangout spot if you come with larger groups of people.
First time I heard about this place was from a security guard while I was locked in a room with a couple buddies inside the Venetian! LOL Nothing serious, but it sure was a night to remember (or forget...)

Anyway, on our way out of the hotel a security guard informed us of what he considered to be one of the best places to eat in town. FUKUBURGER! I've only tried one burger, but that one burger (TAMAGO burger) was amaaaaaaazing.

--Each burger is a little over $5.
--When i visited, the truck was located West of the 15 on Spring st. across the street from Lee's sandwiches. I'm pretty sure it moves around though.
--The burger only took about 5 minutes to prepare once my order was placed.
--There's a Fuku-lady (came up with that one myself -_-)  that walks around and helps with your order.
I have been going to Fuku since they started and I am never disappointed, ever. I love love love the tamago burger, its hands down my favorite burger in LV so far. The bun is perfect, the patty is always cooked just the way I like it, flavorful and juicy. Had pretty much everything on the menu and its all super tasty. Try the jazz fries, and mac salad too. This is a food truck in vegas worth tracking down and becoming a regular at.
The Vegas 'street meat' scene has really taken off as of late, I've heard plenty buzz around the Fukuburger truck, Slidin' Thru... but how good can a burger be that is made in a dirty-ish, probably re-commissioned vehicle? In this case, actually not too bad.

To start off I must be fair, the Vegas truck scene isn't just about burgers, there are grilled cheese trucks, buns, and even clothing. Of course my main thing is burgers, so that's pretty much all I care about at this point. This whole food truck scene is a bit pretentious for me, I don't appreciate having to get to one of their locations early, only to stand in line and fight to hopefully get a burger before they sell out. If I have to work too hard for my burger, then you're never going to get me to eat one. Oh and let's not forget that almost every food truck scene I've been around in Vegas has been attended primarily by our entire high school population. I tried one time to actually be at Fuku's scheduled locations, and by the time I got there they were sold out as predicted. This is the reason it's been almost a year since that time, and the only reason I ate one last week is because I happened to be on Fremont St right where they were. And good luck trying to find where they will be, if you can navigate their fairly awful, Myspace-like website, their schedule isn't always up to date so finding where they will be tonight may not always be possible unless you are also following them on Twitter or some other social media site.

As for the décor, in this case we can only really mention the truck itself as they don't have a fixed location at this point. The truck is fairly clean looking, aside from the loads of stickers, and slight grime on the shelves which you can maybe see in the background of the burger closeups. There is a hot girl taking your orders in the midst of slight madness. There seems to be some planned method for order placement and pickup, but the drunks on Fremont don't quite allow this to flow smoothly, neither do the homeless that are assaulting you for an add to your order for them. Also, the megaphone that's used to call out your name could probably stand for a replacement as whatever they are saying is hardly intelligible, and a decorative ring around the front edge fell off while I was there. Still, this is all part of the overall feel of getting food off of a food truck, so the overall mystique and character are quite fun. Plus I happened to catch this on Fremont st, which is my favorite place in Vegas.

The burger itself was surprisingly good. Although it looked nothing like the picture on the menu, it had great flavor and was quite fresh. The meat didn't have amazing flavor on its own, but wasn't bad by any means and still better than some sit down restaurants I've been to lately. The bun was grilled as well, had decent flavor, and was proportioned well, all considering it's of the more 'typical' variety. The lettuce was, well, lettuce. The Fuku sauce was lacking a little flavor, but maybe there just wasn't enough. The bacon was pretty tasty, although maybe a bit soggy on mine. The American cheese was ok, but most importantly melted, which is something that many restaurants can't seem to do somehow. Overall this is a good burger, similar to a Bachi burger in its Asian theme, although this doesn't quite come close to that freshness and overall tastiness.

The fries are nothing to write home about, I think I got them garlic seasoned or something, but they just seemed to be out of a frozen packet sprinkled with some garlic seasoning. I don't know if I would expect them to have a full setup to make amazing fries on this truck though, for their focus and main attention should be the burgers. I'll leave that up to the fry truck whenever someone unveils it.

Overall, this burger is good, and you could do a lot worse in town. The scene isn't for everyone though, many people would prefer to sit down in a clean restaurant and get their food without having to fight for it. But if you're into the 'cultural' scene of Vegas, enjoy eating your meat on a sidewalk surrounded by drunken hipsters in 100 degree weather, then definitely get your Fuku on. Just make sure you get there early or you'll be let down.
My momma was in town and the hubby and I had been talking about trying this place out, I have never eaten off of a food truck and trust me my momma hadn't probably even heard of such a thing (we're from small town midwest-some of them don't get out much!)  We headed downtown last weekend for a wonderful first experience that I can guarantee won't be my last or my moms!  We both had the Buta burger and garlic fries, that could have been more garlic-y but man o man were they good!  Loved sitting on the home depot buckets watching traffic go buy as we ate, great over all experience awesome friendly staff and a pretty cheap burger and fries:)
Disclaimer: I'm rating this establishment as a food truck.  Of course it can't compare to certain establishments that offer a dine in experience, but the food is excellent for the price (You can get a very satisfying meal for less than 10 bucks), so I'm rating it as such.

So I've been a patron of this place for a year or so, since I've discovered its existence.  I've brought many people here and all of the people have raved about it.  

Since I've tried every burger on its "regular" menu, I figured this is a good time to review.  Sadly, I'm trying to recall memories from months ago for certain burgers and foods, so I can't completely describe the euphoria in detail, but I'll do my best.  At the very most, take my following words as suggestions.

Lucky Burger:  This is their standard burger.  It combines the taste of the fuku-patty with the flavors that remind me of In-n-out. Don't get me wrong, it's not a copy-cat burger.  The fuku-patty is what makes all the difference.  It's a marinated marvel that is tender and melts in your mouth, and it's standard in all of their beef burgers.

Tamago Burger: This is an interesting burger.  It combines the classic fuku-patty with crispy onion strings, egg, and terriyaki sauce.  This probably one of the messier burgers, since the egg is not completely cooked through (sunny side up).  It's still a good burger, but I tend to avoid it because it's incredibly messy.  This is definitely one of their heavier burgers.

Buta Burger: This burger is for the bacon-heads.  The pickled ginger adds a special kick that isn't overpowering, but blends nicely with the miso bacon and fuku-patty.  Admittedly, it's hard to taste the miso on the bacon, so don't expect too much out of it.  But it's bacon, it makes everything better.

Kinoko Burger: Otherwise known as the mushroom burger, it is a slightly lighter burger.  Mushrooms are good, if you like mushrooms.  I happen to like a mushrooms, so if I'm feeling slightly guilty about going, I pick this burger.  

Karai Burger:  So, admittedly, I'm a little desensitized to extremely spicy foods, so this is actually a medium spicy burger to me.  This is also a lighter burger, so if I want a little spicy kick, I'll pick this burger. 

Chicken Katsu: It uses fried chicken!  It's amazing.  It uses a panako crust as the breading, which is a type of breading that is lighter than traditional breading but fries crisp and delicious.  The combination of the sauce and the shredded lettuce gives the impression that you've got a bento box in between the buns.  

Fries: there's the classic garlic fries, and the jazz fries.  The garlic fries are amazing in their own right due, and you can dip them in the included cup of crack sauce for an amazing synergy.  If you like eating fries with the fork, there's the jazz fries.  They're basically the same garlic fries with brown gravy and the crack sauce dumped on top.  I'm pretty much sold on the jazz fries.

There is also a burger that's off-menu that I haven't ordered in a while, but supposedly was mentioned in an earlier yelp review that I tried.  it's the "Fat Hakujin".  It's a two patty monstrosity that combines cheese, egg, and bacon and some other stuff that will probably contribute to a ride to the nearest ER one day.  If you're brave, have great family genetics, or are REALLY hungry, try it.  It's still delicious.

Strawberry Lemonade is fresh and it's good!  I always order one when I come.  Apparently it's made fresh daily and mixed in this huge igloo cooler.  Unfortunately, no refills with purchase.

So food's great, how's service?  It's pretty good for a food truck (obviously my expectations aren't high), but the people are courteous when I'm there.  Of course, order to mouth times vary depending on how busy they are.  But if they're not busy, generally it's about 5-6 minutes tops.  But the sky is the limit if they're busy.  

Probably fair warning is that there is extremely limited seating.  Seats are either a portable bench table, or a bunch of Home Depot buckets.  I tend to see tailgate parties if someone drives their pick up truck over or SUV/station wagon.

This food does not do terribly well when you take it home.  The flavor is still all there and good, but the textures start to fail, especially when the meat juices completely soak into the bun and the fries get soggy when wrapped in tin-foil.  It's best when you eat it within a few minutes of receiving from the truck window. Just fair warning.

Probably my only gripe is their typical business hours is 8pm 'til late.  I generally like to have my dinner eaten and finished before 7, so it becomes fairly difficult to justify a 16-20 minute drive from my place to wherever they happen to be.  But if I have visitors, or I just happen to be in the area (or if they're doing some daytime event somewhere) I'll stop on by.  As far as keeping a schedule and tracking them down, they're a lot easier than some other trucks that service the Valley.
Best Food Truck BURGER I ever tried.

My wife and I went to see her cousin that cooks for Fuku Burger.

We tried the Tamago Burger, Fries with spicy sauce and had it washed down with their Special Lemonade.  All of it was SOOOO DAMN GOOD, thumbs up to JJ and the crew.  Just typing this is getting me hungry.  A must visit spot to hit up while in Las Vegas.
Be forewarned, this isn't going to have amazing ambience or a wine sommelier. So please for others, do not down grade them because they didn't have a server checking on you every 5 mins.   This is a FOOD TRUCK. 

The food is pretty good for the price (give or take $10). I have easily spent $15-$20. When I get  Fukuburger, I usually get the Tamago Burger. It is basically a fuku burger with the egg, fries, and teri sauce. I have actually become a bit of a burger connoisseur, and I am a huge fan of the egg on burgers.  I really like that the egg is still pretty yokey. This is a warning, please do not wear white, or try to keep it away from your clothes if you are wearing white while eating this. It is a pretty saucey/ messy burger. The sauce can be overwhelming at times. 

You can track them on their facebook and/ or website. They are also use to getting large crowds, so they are actually quite fast. Overall, I am a fan of Fuku burger. But they aren't my favorite food truck. Let's just say, I wouldn't go hunting/ tracking them down, unless they are in my neck of the woods.
Awesome! It was good!
So I can say..I'm a pretty frequent visitor to Vegas....and I can say..maybe I have a gambling problem...but that's not the point....the past two times I've been to Vegas I've made it a point to come out to eat the the Fukuburger truck.  I love this truck actually..its got a great juicy burger and it has a nori/seaweed taste with it and you can slap an egg on your burger...definite heart attack..but what a way to go..

The hot dog is really good there too...its kind of a japadog...but they do use a good quality dog which makes all the difference..not some oscar meyer wiener.    The price is not bad..its around 5-6 bucks...the lemonade also is very tasty.

Truth be told I went to eat this place because I Saw it on the great american food truck race....when they helped out the dissapointing cheating team of Korilla....its ok...I still have love for fukuburger and hope they make their bay area move!
Loved it. As far as food trucks go, this place is awesome. Far better than the over rated In-N-Out burger
Beep! Beep! Make way for the food truck...

This mobile burger stand has quite the loyal fan base! Not only do they eat the food, but they hang out wherever the truck is parked and make an occasion of it. Seriously, I was here on a Thursday evening and there were at least 30 locals parked in the Fukuburger Truck lot, just hanging out. They must put something in the sauce.

We took ours to go, as this wasn't the time to show off my +1's Honda Fit. I had the traditional Fukuburger and we shared an order of fries. HUGE burger, dripping with sauce. Delicious. Fries helped to soak up the juicyness, btw. Even though I was starving, there's no way I could polish off that much food by myself. 

If I lived here, I'd definitely be eating at Fukuburger more often. Sadly, I'll have to settle for the occasional stop on holidays or weekend vacations. Next time, I'll come ready to race!
I would gladly drive across town for Fukuburger... Hell, I'd drive across the country for it. Their food is unbelievable. 

Originally, I was stuck on their bacon burger, now I'm usually split between that and the egg burger, but I'm always sure to get a big order of tots to go with it. 

Unlike some of the other food trucks in the area, Fukuburger is always great about sticking to their schedule, and they're super fast at fulfilling orders. 

Highly recommend!
This was a very good burger.  Not enough to chase down the truck every night, but I found it very enjoyable nonetheless.  The Fuck You sauce ("fookoo" for purists) is basically a ketchup/mustard base...what was I expecting?  The Fuku-burger ($5), garlic fries ($2) and canned drink ($1) came out to an even 8 bucks, so it's not too bad on the wallet either.  I highly recommend it, although it may be a pain chasing down that damn truck.
I have had Fukuburger at least 4 times and I have to say, I have't had a bad burger yet! The jazz fries are so good and addicting that I have had some people say that it is laced with crack! LOL! Once you try it, you will be ordering it every time! The fact that they are operating from a roadside truck would make you wonder why anyone would go there and eat. This is why I give them 4 stars instead of 5 because there is really no where to sit and enjoy your food unless you bring your own table and chairs. BUT, their great food and schedule should more than make up for it, so "DONT JUDGE A GOOD BOOK BY ITS COVER!". The prices are very affordable for the average family. Service is great and they are usually at their designated location into the late hours depending on the customer traffic. Another plus is that they take debit/credit cards so you dont always gotta have cash on hand. Of course you gotta understand if there is a grip of people in line just to order that you will probably wait the same amount of time for your food. My favorite is the mushroom burger.  All thats left for them to get their 5th star is to open up an actual sit down restaurant. Oh, btw, just go to their website, fukuburger.com to find out about their schedule of locations and specials. 8 pm is their usual time they are ready to take your order at the designated location. DONT FORGET TO TIP! From the cute girls that take your order down to the guys that cook your food, they work really hard to get you your food in a timely matter so give them a little somethin somethin!
Hit up Fukuburger a while back for the Brunch Battle at Bread and Butter and  once again, Fukuburger came out on top with their "no name" breakfast sandwich.(It really didn't have a name, just the items listed in the sandwich!)

This $6 creation consisted of mochiko chicken, maple teriyaki glaze, bacon, fried egg, and chile cranberry sauce sandwiched with two pieces of sourdough french toast.
sounded like alot goin' on, but after the first bite, it all made sense and before you know it, there was no more sandwich. They should definitely put that bad boy into regular rotation. Its better than any $6 Burger from Carls Jr....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(120/365) "The Mystery Sandwich"
Burger Flippers become Friends :) 

The first time I sampled Fuku was the Summer of 2010. It was about 100 degrees outside and the service was slow. However, Mags had no problem righting a wrong and completely hooked up our order. They're now 1,000x more efficient and have perfected the art of food trucking.

BURGERS: I'm not sure exactly when, but everyone at Fuku became friends. Mags, Colin, the whole bunch! I was there multiple times a week to hang out and eat some awesome food. There are 6 burgers on the menu. My burger of choice is the #2 Egg Burger--Most delicious and messy thing on the menu. They have some sides available like fries & mac salad. Give the Jazz fries a shot (fries + gravy + crack sauce)!

OTHER: Fuku (Loco) Moco here is spot on here. And the Naga Dog is good but a little heavy for my taste. Every so often they'll have specials like Chicken & Waffles, special burger combos, and some interesting pop-ups like a Jet Tila collab. If the Chicken & Waffles are available---try them!

EVENTS: Fukuburger is one of the few trucks that is good all-around. They've got an awesome truck that rolls around to different events. In the past, they've been spotted at Vegas StrEats, Tommy Rockers, Molto Vegas, Hondoctors 5-Year Anniversary, & more. 

Follow them @fukuburger & @fukuburgerLA or Visit www.fukuburger.com/schedule to see where they're at.
Finally got to try their food thanks to their new lunch hours during the week. I got the tamago burger which was great. I loved the sweetness of the sauce and while the egg on top was super messy it added to the wonderful flavors, Toss in some crispy onion strings and I was in heaven. But, in this heaven you'll need half a dozen napkins to clean yourself up before heading back to work or wherever.
Just because it's a little cold outside doesn't mean you can't brave Father Winter and grab some grub from a food truck. Fuku is all that and a bag of chips. Er....Fries.

I've been twice now, and both times, I've noshed at lunchtime into a heavenly afternoon. The first time, I had the basic Fukuburger. Amazing. They don't skimp on the burger patty!

The second time, I had the SurrenderVegas special...named after one of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas (per Yelpers and TMZ).  Yeah...they made a special burger named after a nightclub. Pretty damn awesome!

They take credit cards. If you want all the morbid details, read the 200+ other reviews, but take it from me...this is a fantastic spot to get your food on.

A few words of warning: Go Hungry! You will be STUFFED afterwards. Also, make sure you have a gym membership before you go. You'll need it afterwards. Also, try the Strawberry Lemonade. 

Lastly...be patient. As with all good food, it's made fresh...and it takes time. Don't be one of those overly anxious people. 

Peace.
Tried fuku for the first time yesterday with some friends and I loved it! The guys who work this truck have a great personality, are willing to accomodate picky eaters hahaha or vegetarians and make great suggestions. The fries with the gravy and crack sauce, yes I said crack sauce is delicious and a must try..... get the mac salad, add shitake mushrooms and crispy onions! I had an amazing time dining with u guys for lunch and I hope to see u again soon!
this asian inspired burger can say "konichi-hot-damn-that-is-an-awesome-tastic-burger-get-in-my-mouth-faster-little-heavenly-morsel"

its a little on the small side..but c'mon. we all know the stereotype. 

i had the tamago burg. beef was perfectly medium. it has egg and fried onion strings that sung a perfectly tuned symphony of dancing flavors on my buds. dance all night! little guys. they danced so well together i was afraid my tastebuds would just die of exhaustion. 

dont forget the jazz(-your-pants) fries for the encore
ffl =

fuku for life!!!
Fantastic truck. These guys would be a five star in Austin, and that's against some stiff competition.  The Naga dog was incredible, great combo of crisp sausage casing, spicy/sour kimchee, creamy mayo.  Others in my group got three of their different burgers, all with surprisingly complex flavor combos. Now open for lunch, so there's one less reason for putting off trying it.
I was introduced to Fukuburger through a magazine article. After reading the article which specifically mentioned the Tamago burger, I knew I had to head down to Streats to find this unique burger.

I'd have to say, I haven't eaten anything like it in my life. It was truly a distinctly asian tasting burger. I was shocked, surprised, and mesmerized, all at the same time. It was also messy- but what do you expect from a burger with a drippy egg stacked inside of it?

The service was super fun. I love how they had you come up with a nickname for your order- that was a nice touch. And the girl taking the orders was super cute- that certainly helps business, I bet!

While it's not something I'll be craving, it definitely was a unique and incredible burger. If you're looking for something that's totally crazy and out there, Fukuburger is it.
FUKU Burger is pretty good. I ordered a FUKU ("Lucky") Burger, a side of Fries and a drink. My Girlfriend had the Pig Burger and a drink. Total cost was $16.00, so not a bad price, but not necessarily cheap either. The Burger was cooked perfectly, it was thick, juicy and soft, the way a burger should be. The ingredients used were fresh and tasty and their sauce adds good flavor to the mix. There is not a whole lot to say about their french fries which is the main reason they didn't get a "5 Star" from me. I have had few better burgers. FUKUBurger truck definitely ranks among the best in my book.
fuku = bomb dot com slash famazing
Kogi burger, move b*#$h get out the way, get out the way. A true place does not have to mask every flavor with kimchi. I like to pronounce this place as fuk-u burger and you have to get the fuk-u burger with the egg on top. Also the garlic fries and strawberry drink.
Perfection on 4- wheels. Beautiful and tasty FUKUBURGER.....I crave you often.  xxoo Keep on truckin'.
Fukuburger represents everything that is right about the food truck movement. They create a fun environment, the workers are friendly, and they use fusion to create a unique eating experience. I've eaten there at two different First Fridays and loved the food both times. The first time I had their spicy jalapeno burger. It packed a punch and was unlike any spicy burger I've ever had. For the price, I found it to be pretty filling. More recently, I tried their asian burger (I forget the name). It had shitake mushrooms, pickled cabbage and wasabi mayonaisse. It was absolutely delectable and was far and above the best food I've ever had at a food truck. The meat was juicy and adequately sized for my appetite (which is usually moderate). At about 5 bucks a burger, you can't go wrong with this joint. Anytime I see them parked in the future I'll be sure to stop by for a bite, and you should too.
The fries were reminiscent of poutine from Montreal and the burgers were the hot, amazing mess that you want when you've made the decision to go to a food truck parked outside of a bar. There was a short line that moved quickly and the people working it were all really great. I'll keep my eyes peeled for it when I'm out.
I usually sleep until 12 noon because I work until 4 am, but a coworker of mine mentioned how good the Fuku burger is last night at work.  In anticipation of how good this new culinary venue might be, I had problems sleeping and even had a quick dream of the possibility of finding the perfect heavenly burger made in heaven.  At 10:14 am I rose, washed up, and called a friend of mine to invite him to Fuku Burger.  At 10:55 am we arrived in the Play it Again Sam parking lot in Chinatown.  The boys from Fuku Burger were finishing the final touches for opening:  Five gallon paint cans were turned upside down as they are improvised as seats; van wings were swung up; and the two guys took their respective positioning for opening.

My buddy, Brian, and I stepped up and placed the first orders for the day.  Brian ordered the Mushroom Fukuburger with fries and a bottled water while I ordered the Number one (regular Fukuburger), fries and a water.  It took about 15 minutes to get our burgers and fries but the wait was worth it.  The bun was soft, warm and fresh but the real magic was nestled between the bun.  The meat was fresh and tasty with a generous slice of tomato.  A bit of onion was accompanied by a small leaf of lettuce and it was all topped off with their special sauce.  It was delicious!

The fries were fine as they appeared to be a basic flash-frozen variety of medium sized potato sticks.  They were sprinkled with Fukuburger's special seasoning which did give the basic flavor a little kick (in the right direction).

Evidently, the chef felt bad for the initial delay for our burgers.  As a generous gesture on his part, he brought me and my buddy the "Daily Burger Special" to split.  The special was a burger topped with smoked Gouda cheese, a spicy Asian type sauce, with a bit of pork crumble on top of the cheese.  OMG, it was delicious and even though I was stuffed it made me want more.

Did I find the "heavenly burger" I dreamed about just hours before?  Probably not but they were very close. I will definitely be back very soon.

As a side note, the boys were very energetic about their business and loved bouncing off their customers.  I feel I not only found a wonderful place to frequent and eat but new friends as well.
Really? I have forgotten to review this truck AND nobody else has? HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?!

The burgers (and other items) from Fuku Burger are a perfect balance of Asian infused burgers. Their 'crack sauce' is seriously addicting, when you get the fries, you will see what I mean!

Colin and Mags (the owners) are very personable and remember their customers. 

If you get the Tomago burger (with fried egg) be prepared for a yolky mess everywhere! It tastes so good though, I keep going back for it. And usually follow it up with a Butta Burger.
They already had me at fries. Then they sealed the deal by adding something called crack sauce to them. Between three of us we passed around two kinds of burgers and two kinds of frie. All of it being so delicious it was hard to pick what to eat next. The guys running this little operation are upbeat, and seem to really enjoy what they are doing. It was a delicious hot mess that was the perfect fortification to continue our evening at The Gryffin.
Everything is delicious.   Their Katsu is like hot lesbian sex, but in your mouth.

Tamago is the best burger around.  Once that hot yolk hits your hand, it  changes you, man.
WAY OVER RATED!  Whoever is giving this truck 5 stars needs to get out more, maybe its just there friends?  Burgers are OK, big deal, average burger with some different ingredients.  Fries were the best food there.  I was dying to go for about 2 weeks...... now I won't go back.  Don't believe all these reviews, if you want to waste a lunch go ahead and try it.
Okay, okay. I know I'm late to hop on the food truck bandwagon, but dang. I should jumped on this forever ago!

I recently had Fuku at First Friday, early on before it got super crowded. I had their spicy burger, which was not at all spicy, but it was super delicious. It was juicy, there were drippy sauces all over the burger, and even the buns tasted good. 

I don't even know what to add to this review other than to say you need to follow this truck and eat all their foods. For reals.
If anyone from Fuku Burger is reading this, my friend is Patrick (one of your biggest fans) and he finally talked me into trying out Fuku Burger a week ago.  I just ate at your truck a 2nd time last night in the parking lot of a Strip Club of all places!

The burgers are outstanding.  I also love the fries with their special gravy on them.  I like that the egg on the burger is over easy as opposed to fried.  A trick Patrick taught me was to eat the burger over the fries so any yoke or other drippings get caught up by the fries and aren't wasted.  If that sounds nasty, get over yourself......we're not talking the Four Seasons here!

My only regret is that I didn't jump on the bandwagon sooner.  I'll be moving back to Ohio in a couple weeks and will be 2000 miles away from Fuku Burger! :-(
Their food is amazing, but their service lacked efficiency!  I got my food to go and once I got home I was missing 3 items that I had paid for.  I still support this truck, because I appreciate the idea, but hope that this experience never happens again!!!!!
WOW, my life will never be the same.  I have finally experienced the phenomenon, known as the Fuku Burger truck.  

Last night, this truck was parked outside of Freezone and a friend and I wanted to eat some good grub.  Here's what we got:

Chicken Katsu Burger- Panko breadded chicken with cabbage, katsu sauce (ketchup base) and their "crack sauce."  This whole burger is a "crack" burger and I need my next fix.  LOL.  It was so flavorful, crispy and full of texture.  I ate this burger in less than 2 minutes.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Tamago "Egg" Burger- Their Fuku patty with Furukake (YUM-salt and seaweed seasoning), teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onions and a fried egg.  I think it was over medium which made it perfect when you bit in it.  No dripping yolk.  

The staff was nice and engaging.  The food was fast and delicious!

I immediately followed them on Twitter (@FukuBurger) so I know where they're at everyday.  The only problem was that they are off on Sundays and Mondays!  I need them in my life at all times.
I visited here for the first time last week. And although it was a long wait, I didn't blame them because of the amount of orders that were in need to be completed. If you've been a witness of a busy business or better yet even worked for a busy restaurant, you would understand that people might forget who they are in need of serving especially when everything gets hectic. Overall, the wait was worth it and so was the experience. You guys should DEFINITELY look up Fuku's next location and stop by! :D
For my first review, FUKU! Tonight was my first time at West side Wednesday's @  Durango/ Flamingo (7pm). It is where people with cool cars get together and eat good food. I had the #6, which is the chicken burger. It was AMAZING! My bf got a burger and fries. The fries are even better, with a kick of spice and special sauce. You can find where their truck will be on twitter or the website. Will def come again.
Chefs Colin and Mags could care less what you think - they just want to make good food! And they deliver time in and time out - even having guest pop ups from time to time (Chef Jet Tila's pop up was amazing)!
Japanese inspired burgers - I always opt for the Tamago and whatever the special is that day. After moving back to Los Angeles, I'm just glad they opened up a storefront out here to satisfy my fuku-ing jones.
I will, however, miss the guys and the orange buckets! Awesome vibes that always support other local businesses and the growing Las Vegas culture.
Lines get long late night - so follow them on twitter for their location and get there RIGHT when they're setting up to avoid a waiting period.
Fukme.. Fuku.. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?!  Sure do, and I'll grub me some FukuBurgers while I'm at it! The take on each burger was an "Out of my League" kinda' situation!  They were all too good for me!  Each pimped out burger had a Japanese/Hawaiian/Americano fusion of a threesome.  My absolute fave would be the Tamago Burger, because nothing says Hunky-Dory like some good ol' sunny yolk oozing in between my Buns! The NagaDog with garlic fries is also topgun.  The condiments smothered on the Dog with a sprinkle of seaweed flakes makes the New Yorker strike out!  It's aaaall good @ Fukuburger and the skin on the truck is Sha-Bang Sauce itself!
I've been quite a few times since they've been here in Vegas. For the most part, I love the taste. But dislike the overpriced everything or sogginess when the sauce gets absorbed in the buns. Always great service though! I dont recommend their strawberry lemonade. However, I'll remain one of their, "here & there" type of customer. Taste & service truly can bring you back!
It's more hype than anything. The way people chase this truck down is funny because the burgers are just a little bit over "ok". I'm assuming the people that are in love with these burgers typically eat McDonalds and Burger King most of their life.
The Fukuburger truck is truly what brought me to the Fruit Loop on my birthday extravaganza.  I know I ate a lot that night, but I couldn't end the night without a great burger from these guys.  The Asian boy that takes our order is such a great guy.  He actually remembered us from last week which was really awesome.  Shows that they take the time to really get to know their clientele.  

I got the chicken katsu burger AGAIN and once again, I was thoroughly impressed.  The katsu was so crispy and the sauce was sensational.  I was in such awe with this burger. 

What really made this experience was the fact that I got to meet the founders of Fuku Burger.  They were two guys who started the truck years ago.  I asked them why the Fruit loop and they told me that this was the very first place they wanted to sell their food at.  The owners of Freezone originally told them that they needed to sell somewhere else, so they ended up in Chinatown.  Later, they moved to L.A. and eventually opened a restaurant there.  Today, Freezone has invited the food truck back to the fruit loop as they realize the mistake they have made.  I'm sure thankful that Freezone had a change of heart.
Awesome burgers! There was five of us we ended up ordering numbers 1-5. My gf had the (1) Fukuburger. I had the (2) Tamago, it was da bomb! Everyone else enjoyed their burgers. It was worth standing in the frickn cold! 
  
  Felt a little "old' ,being that almost everyone there was like half our age. LOL. The hell with that I would still go back! Only thing I would order some fries next time.
Family in town and they want to try a Fuku Burger!  It's been on their list for a few trips now, so we gotta take them.  Tonight the truck was close to the house and perfect for giving it a try.   

The crowd was already huge, when the truck pulled in and parked, the crowd almost ran to form the line.  I reviewed their menu and already knew what I was gonna try, my husband and his brother placed our orders and we waited.  The wind was blowing pretty good, so we took our burgers to the car and ate out of the wind.  

I got the Buta Burger also called the pig burger.  It has the fuku patty with applewood smoked bacon, cheese, pickles, red onion and ginger with Japanese BBQ sauce and wasbi mayo.  

The burger had really good flavor, it was a bite packed with exploding flavors, the ginger, the wasbi mayo was delicious.  My only concern was I wanted more and the line was too long to go back!  Next time, I know to order more.
THE FAVORITE BURGER JOINT IN LAS VEGAS IS FUKUBURGER!!!  Had to type that in all caps, it's that true!!!  We came across this foodtruck a little over a year ago, and after eating every burger in town, this is still the reigning champion of meaty deliciousness!  'Fuku', meaning happiness (I know, it looks a lot like something else-my family is from Fukuoka) we follow their whereabouts in Vegas and make our way over to them when they're in somewhat close proximity!

Definitely a younger, hip, skateboarder cum LA following, the owners have created a Japanesque twist that elevates the All American Classic to new heights...

With foodtrucks emerging as a viable dining establishment, it's getting harder and harder to shine from the onslaught of mediocrity that you find nowadays. And especially if you go to the food truck nights or festivals, the competition is fierce and your choices boundless.  But with Fukuburger, you can't go wrong.

With six main burger choices, (check their twitter for the burger specials)  we have come to rely on the two all time favorites:  The Tamago Burger and the Chicken Katsu.  From the first time we had these two, it blew our minds right out of our car!  It's pretty pathetic that we actually haven't tried a couple of the others (The Kinoko Burger, The Buta Burger and The Karai Burger)  but it's like when you know you have to have those two, when you drove out there for those two, you gotta get those two.....(one day, we have to starve ourselves and then order all six of them at once).  That'll be a long night afterwards...

So their hamburger meat comes from Larry's Great Western Meats over on Valley View, and the quality is top notch.  This where a great burger start and ends, it should be fantastic with nothing on it, the meat has to be flavorful and rich, (not just greasy and fatty).  So these guys got it right from the start!

The Tamago Burger; A Fuku Patty (they have their own secret ingredients to make it taste divine) with Teriyaki Sauce and Wasabi Mayo, Furikake (Japanese Bonito Flakes) and then topped with Crispy Haystack Onions and A Fried Egg.  Okay folks, I want to emphasize to you about THE EGG!!!
It's is a perfectly cooked, runny egg that mixes with the burger to create a moist and texturally satisfying combination!  The egg squirts out upon your first bite and runs down your hand and you find yourself sucking it off of everything that it lands on!  These guys have perfected the art of egg frying in such a little, mobile kitchen!  Topped with the creaminess of Mayo and soyness of Teriyaki, we are obsessed with this flavor profile, hands down best burger in Vegas!

The next on the list is the Chicken Katsu-katsu of all kinds are our favorite dish, (Pork, Chicken-fry it and we'll eat it).  I have never had Kastu like the one at Fuku, that is one tender piece of fried chicken. The exterior is fried to a perfect crunch with a deep brown hue while the chicken is moist and soft to the bite!
It's topped with shredded cabbage (an accompaniment with Katsu) Crack and Katsu Sauce. It is the personification of perfection in a paper basket-Foodtruck food heaven!

It's a shame that we also haven't gotten around to their Hot Dogs, but I'm less worried about that.

We've had the Furikake Mac Salad, it's straight up dope-it's Kewpie based, so you know its for real.

But the main side that is a must is the Jazz Fries- it awesome!  It's got Gravy and Crack Sauce on top and again a twist on an American Classic to round off the meal.

I can't say more about Fukuburger, you have to try it once and you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.  For those who haven't tried it, or can't get to the Foodtruck, I'm sorry, but you haven't lived!!!

Ratings (out of Five Stars)
Food:           5
Service:       4.5
Ambience:  4
If you haven't tried these guys yet then go Fuku yourself! Literally! Come find out what everybody has been raving about! Their food is so good that their reputation has reached all the way to LA with an actual sit down restaurant! So if you are in the Hollywood area, make Fuku a part of your lunch/dinner plans. Your hungry stomach will thank you!

As for the actual Fukuburger Truck, I originally gave these guys 4 stars because I'm very picky with who I give 5 stars to and it is very rare. The fact that it's a roadside truck and not a sit down restaurant, was major to me. BUT since I have been eating at their different locations regularly, I have grown to know the owners, Colin and Mags. You will not meet any nicer owners anywhere. Since these guys are customer friendly and they try to cater to everybody's requests, they have earned that 5th star! I appreciate the fact that they actually get back to you when you contact them. 

Now for the food. Doesn't matter if you're a first timer or not, everything on their menu is fantastic. Their beef Fuku patty is so juicy and perfectly seasoned that you will probably use it as the measuring stick to any burger you eat from that point on. What makes them unique is the different ingredients they put in their menu that you just can't find in other burger joints. Oh, and I can't forget to mention their different specials every night. Always something new and tasty. Special props goes out to Colin and Mags for actually naming their special the other night with my name! Awesome! Tell me how many other places would do that for you? Thanks again guys! Whatever you decide, you gotta get jazz fries with it. Trust me on this.

Prices are reasonable compared to those other gourmet places. They take cash and cards. Remember, it's not easy to operate a food truck and they work hard so you can have a freshly cooked burger, so don't hesitate to show them your appreciation. Whether it's by tipping or giving them a great review, it's up to you.

In conclusion, you will not find a better burger truck anywhere. Go to their website www.fukuburger.com for more info in regards to their shedule and contact info. Make these guys your regular stop and they will have you saying "TIP JELLY!"
I was at the at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest today. Me and my wife went to see and eat at the fuku burber truck but when we got there we learned that they were not there. For being a one of there "star" trucks and being from Las Vegas. And dismissing the 2nd day of the first ever Las Vegas foodie fest makes me mad. But then to come rushing in for the dinner rush I find insulting as a foodie and a consumer that they would just show up at 4:40 for the dinner rush. And just to make money to be in bad tast and unprofessional I as person who loves food will not be going there ever. If they cant respect my time and the fest douse not deserve my money.
Fuku You Fuku Me Fuku Everybody- Are you fukuing looking at me? Fuku Motherfuku 

Fukuing feels so good to Fukuing vent....

Whew, now that I got that out of the way on to the review-

Finally tried this truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest-
We got the Tamago Burger and the Fuku Burger.
Tamago Burger was the winner for us....I don't like dripping egg yolk but it still was more tasty than the other burger....
Fuku Burger was OK - it didn't really have a stand out flavor to me- I didn't taste the wasabi mayo at all.
Now don't get me wrong both burgers were good we just weren't blown away with the Fuku Burger but the Tamago Burger held it's own...
We also tried what they call their garlic fries- Umm... not much garlic taste at all - however, the sweet mayo dipping sauce that they put with the fries was hellah yummy.....
I do want to try the Naga Dog and their version of Chicken N Waffles (saw the pics and it looks yummy!!!) the next time I see them out- 
So, cool truck,cool food, cool people - till next fukuing time.....
Good burgers and convenient. Can't complain!
I've been wanting to try Fuku for a long time. It was well worth the wait.
The were competing in the Tivoli Village Food Truck Throwdown. I only go to try the Fuku-Burger "Lucky Burger". It was thick, juicy and flavorful. I couldn't believe it only cost $5. When you compare it  with some other food truck prices this is a deal for such a well made burger.
Can't wait to try another and those Jazz fries are on my to do list.
Finally tried Fukuburger at the Tivoli Village Street Throwdown and I've become a fan!

I have to admit, I have to still try their original burgers on their menu. For the Throwdown, they partnered up with Kabuki and made a slider together, called "King Kong Ain't Got Shishito On Me." What a name, and by far the most creative slider! Sandwiched between two maki rice buns tempura fried with cream cheese, a patty was topped with avocado, crab mix, and spicy kabayaki. See my photo, it's crazy looking!

I'll be looking out for their truck to try their popular burgers. I've tried a few trucks, TastyBunz and Slidin' Thru. Both good, but I think Fukuburger is my favorite so far. Did that King Kong slider sell me that much? Yes, I loved it! I can't wait to try other new concoctions they'll come up with!
LOVE Fuku burger! 

I used to always get the tamago burger but I recently decided to try something new, and I've been getting the karai burger the last few times. They're both delicious. They always cook the patties perfectly. 

And of course, I always have to order the garlic fries (with extra crack sauce). Soo addicting! I love their strawberry lemonade too. 

I can't think of any suggestions to make fuku better because its pretty much perfect in my book.. maybe, an option to upgrade to a bigger burger? Yeah, that's it.. I would definitely like my karai burger supersized!
Since moving to Atlanta from Las Vegas the main foods I'm missing is a good thai restaurant and FUKU!!! 
Id hit up this food truck as often as i could! Only thing Vegas is missing is the veggie burgers like LA had. 
Such a fan of this food truck, i can not wait to head back home this summer and get me some Fukuburger!
This is a great fast food burger.  You won't find a better FAST food burger IMO, but you will find plenty of better burgers in town.

I really like the toppings and dressings...their Japanese twist on the burgers.  Very flavorful and the $ is right.

The line can get a little crazy if you go late a night, but it is worth it.  See for yourself :)
No.2 Tamago (Egg) is my favorite burger. Taste great. JUICY!! Nice food but as restaurant get famous, their service goes backward. Well maybe they are like...you pay $5 a burger what do you expect? haha...it is just fast food so who actually cares about service. Just pay it quick and finish your burger as soon as possible. 5 star for the taste and atmosphere (kinda fun to dine outdoor). 1 star deducted for the speed and service.
I saw this food truck on food channel and just had to try it when I was in Vegas.  I am Japanese and just love teriyaki flavor burgers that I used to get back in Japan.  Their burgers are Americanized but with Japanese flavor and ingredients.  

I ordered #2 Tamago burger and my girlfriend order #4 Kinoko burger.  They were both delicious.  Their beef patties are cooked perfectly (medium well-ish) and so tasty.  I don't think I can eat any other burgers now that I have tasted theirs.  

The size of their burgers is rather Japanese....small.  I could eat 2 of them.  It is $5 each but well spent.  The people are friendly and tell you to come up with a unique nickname for your order.   I truly hope they will make it to the east coast one day.
Tried this truck out for the first time and it was pretty delicious.

The special of the night was the highlight for me. It was Katsumoco, containing chicken katsu, a fried egg, bacon gravy (wow), jasmine rice, and topped by bonito flakes. If you get a chance to try this out some time, definitely get it.

I also had the Tamago burger, which is the burger with egg, teriyaki sauce, and fried onions in it. It was a little too salty for me, but overall delicious.

I dig the ambiance here too. It reminds me of the food trucks back home in LA. Great food in it's simplest form.
Three starts for a good vibe and the very cool people that work there, but I'd like to make a request for more vegetarian options.
I waited almost 2 years to eat here because being drunk in vegas and chasing down a moving food truck by twitter with strange hours do not mix!  But when I finally got the tamago burger...it undeniably lived up to its hype!  So delicious! I haven't had a better burger since.
I've been a Fukuburger enthusiast for a year now, trying to spread the word. I feel like I'm apart of a street team seeing how my friends have the same love and desire to share this place. 

I've had most of the items on their menu and they're all good with the exception (for me) the Chicken Katsu. Their burgers have a flavor like none other and their presentation is always on point. The Fukuburger was the first thing I tried from there and I remember my first bite into it. I LIT UP and simply thought "this is the burger of my life"!! I quickly ordered a second burger (the Tamago) and was very pleased. My favorite is still the Buta.

The crack sauce is a high light of Fuku because it seems to work on everything. The fries are great even when they stand alone but the crack sauce takes it to another level! Even the gravy on top of the fries with the crack sauce is just magic! I love their menu.

The staff there are always nice and easy going and seem like they genuinely care for their product and their customers. They always stay on top of updates on their Twitter should any discrepancies happen and are always punctual.

If you haven't tried this place, it's a MUST HAVE!! You and whoever you bring with you will not look at any other burger the same after this. It's a curse and a gift. A gift, in that you will always find something to cling to on the menu as you try different things. A curse in way that any other burger just seems sub par and will take a back seat to Fuku's. It's an experience tasting their food!! Hahahah! Find their truck and treat yourself ASAP!!
As a SF Bay Area food truck fan, I put the Fukuburger truck down as a must do whenever I made my next trip out to the city of sin and followed them on Twitter so I can see when and where they would be next.

I finally made it out to the Fukuburger truck with my friend who had a car since the truck is parked in Chinatown. We were staying at the Rio and found that from there it is a very short drive.

As me and my friend perused the menu deciding on what to get, two of the Fukuburger truck staff (I'm forgetting their names after a Vegas and alcohol infused trip) asked if they could help us decide what we wanted to get.

 I finally decided on the #3 Buta Burger, a flavorful burger topped with apple wood smoked bacon, American cheese, pickled red onions and red ginger, finished with Japanese BBQ sauce & wasabi mayo.

I was talked into trying their Jazz fries, french fries covered in gravy and "crack sauce" for $3

To wash it all down I got the strawberry lemonade.

Total? $10 for everything, which in comparison to the Bay Area food trucks, is a bargain. 

I wanted to get a T-shirt also ($20) but the largest size they had on hand was a large :( - Have some XL's printed up and I'll get me one of those shirts to add to my food truck collection (Collection= One = Mogo) 

Definitely coming back to get my Fuku fix (and T-Shirt!) next time I'm in Vegas!
Love the chicken katsu and enjoyed the bbq burger. Did not care for the fries that much. Staff is very friendly and I love that they are out so frequently and so late! Not a bad way to end your night when you can grab Fukuburger at 2am. They are a bit on the pricey side for the size of the burgers, but they are good quality and have great flavor. Have not had a bad experience and hope it stays that way!
Some bad ass burgers. Cool ass guys too that run the truck. Tamago is the burger to get but be ready to get your hands dirty once that egg yolk pops. Always a good time when eating fuku.
Why is it that this weekend every time when ever i tried to hit up some food trucks it just rained...

Saw Fukuburger across the street from china town and was tempted to change my plans up but i was meeting up with people so nogo. Ended up eating a little at Anime Ramen but we kept talking about FukuBurger. So lets cash out the bill and grab some Fuku!

And then it started raining...Long story short half an hour later of walking around the plaza looking for something to eat and glancing over at the Fuku truck to see if they were gonna pack it in or not...THEY DIDNT!!

The Naga dog was a little on the salty side but grilled kimchi...i thought about it but havent gotten a chance to try it out myself but it sure works here. Could have used a little more of that coleslaw to balance out the salty.

The garlic fries werent too bad. They sure smelled garlicy but just tasted like regular fries. Great improvement if you dip them in a buddy's left over Jazzy Fries sauce.
Drove all the way from the strip to find this place- it was exactly located according to their website. Yeah. The burgers were yummy - smaller than I imagined. I expected more from the fries they were not that amazing.
I rescind my four star rating. I've tried them twice since the first time i've sampled fukuburger- this burger is seriously out of this world. The tamago burger is the best burger i've ever had- perfectly cooked to medium, raw egg, delicious teriyaki and furrikake toppings..... IT'S SO FREAKING GOOD.

This is a vegas original. everyone must try it!
I thought the flavor of the Tamago burger was on point. The price and size of the burger however was not. When they handed me my burger I honestly thought that I must of ordered the kids size burger. Maybe I'm just spoiled when it comes to making half pound burgers at home. I thought the ninja fries were pretty good, although once again I hated paying 3 bucks for a handful of fries with a few squirts of sauce on them. I guess what I am trying to get at with this review is that the flavors are unique and pack a punch but at their price point it was my wallet that was left hurting.
Tamago tamago tamagooooo, or #2 Burger

This place is yummy, but the sandwiches are kind of small.  Food trucks are a different experience as well.  I like the vibe of this place because it's really chill and fun.  The dude taking orders asks for a nickname when your order gets called, and I thought it was kinda cool even though I gave someone's real name haha.  Like as said before, I like getting the Tamago cause of that deeelish fried egg that is super awesome in your mouth when the yolk breaks.  Also, I tried the jazz fries or whatever they're called and those were pretty good.  They have some kind of white and brown gravy that was tasty.  It was a little too much for me though.  That burger already has a lot of flavors going on and the fries were kind of like Wah Pow ! extra taste.  They also have strawberry lemonade which is really really sweet. Personal preference, again, on that one.  

Downsides: It's outside haha and the weather in Vegas isn't always optimal.  Also, they're so stingy on napkins! Like whatthe, these burgers are so messy and how you gonna give me enough napkins for one of my hands and half my face? Ok, I exaggerate, but really, they don't give you napkins with your order. Plus it's hot...or cold (depending on the season) outside so that just makes it ten times worse. 

Food though=yummm! sorry for the rant! I still give four stars.
The FukuBurger Truck is a 1 of a kind, you have to turn around and go back to try them if you see them on the street.  I've eaten at their truck 5 separate times now and that includes twice in one day, as well as two days in a row and I still have the desire to go back. 

They have a regular hot spot in China town so if you are down there around 8:30 swing by and treat yourself to one of the best burgers you will ever have as well as be entertain  by all the custom cars and stereos that are on display; 

The Food is amazing and I have no idea how they make their burgers so light and full of flavor; the fries are good but the gravy/sauce they put on them is a little weird but growing on me now that I've had it a few times.  Tried the Naga dog the last time I was there and it was one of the best hotdogs I've ever had. Id put it up there with a Wriggly field dog and I'm a Cubs fan! 

I'm going to have to see if I can't convince my employer to hire them or at least convince them its worth their while to stop by my building for a lunch sale.  
Oh and don't forget the funny name for your order; it is hilarious standing around listening to them being yelled out and its even better when the cook is embarrassed by them so the dirtier they are the better!
Last time I went, it seemed like the burgers were different...

They got larger, which is supposed to be a good thing, but seemed dry and less flavorful than the older style.  Maybe it is all in my head...but my friends agreed and mentioned the same thing.

Still a solid burger and fry...just don't hype it up as much as some of these other guys do....you might come up short IMO.
Have I ever mentioned I love eggs? It was an easy choice when I saw the "Tamago" on the menu. The first time I ate it, I was in heaven. I still get it at least 75% of the time. It has their typical glazed patty, topped with a fried egg, onions, and some kind of sauce. It is simple, and hits the spot. Even better - ordered with their bacon and cheese, it becomes the perfect burger. I'd even go as far as to say... complete.

Wow. Sounds like they're serving up masterpieces. This is generally true. They're pretty good. I've had the entire menu. Aside from the Tamago, the Fuku-burger (classic burger style with some flair) and the buta (bacon and cheese) burger are pretty delicious as well. Their hot dog, the Naga dog, is fantastic. I would describe it but I'd be leaving myself open to some interesting comments. Their garlic fries are also good! Served up with ketchup and their own special mayo-like sauce.

If burgers aren't your thing, there are a couple of rice bowls for you as well. Their strawberry lemonade is a must on any hot day. 

Alright, I like it that much, why not 5 stars? Because half of their burgers are underwhelming. #4 5 and 6 have almost negligible toppings on them. I understand the idea behind creating umami. Nothing should be overwhelming in flavor and it should be just right. But these items just don't have a balance. Especially the chicken katsu. I've had it a couple times and it was like biting straight into breaded fat. Maybe it was just, coincidentally, a bad chunk both times. Also, the patties aren't as juicy as they used to be. I'm sure it's just a more thorough cooking process - but still. I have my fond memories.

Anyway. Favorite food truck in Vegas, easy. Give it a try - especially if you like leaky egg goodness. Just make sure it leaks into your carton, and not on you.
If you like have a fried egg in your burger. This is by far the best burger spot that offers it w/ a Japanese infusion ! Must try if your in Vegas !
Luv it! Melts in your mouth! Down to earth chill vibe from the employees! Reminds me and the fam of burgers in Japan!!
If it is possible to be addicted to a food truck i am addicted to this one. I go every night I am in Vegas! 

I love the specials!  Sooo Good!
Last time I patronised this foodtruck, which was this afternoon, was my first time. And it was the best 5$ I have spent in a while. Instant customer as long as they stay open and keep the same owner/management. 

It was the burythehatchet event where the Fukuburger truck parked alongside bar + bistro on First street. I was attending the Mineola Twins stageplay across the street and was more than ready to try a quick burger. There was no line because they must have just set up and I had a #2 ("Tamago"). You may have heard that this burger is amazing. Well, it is. It is a shame I had not had it before and truly a threat to self-discipline for these things to be only 5$. 

I must say that it is unfortunate that there is no vegetarian option, but it is a minor point since I am not a vegetarian (the girlfriend is). In hindsight, after finishing my delicious #2, we should have gone into bar + bistro and thereby patronised both chefs involved with this friendly showdown. Alas, if only they can do this more often. - E
This place is absolutely amazing!

My boyfriend and I visited this truck during our visit to Vegas after we heard about it from a local.  The food was great.  I had the "Egg Burger" and it was a like having a little piece of heaven...no lie!!! The garlic fries were also Killer!!!

The people who work the truck are really nice...they even called a cab for us so we could get back to our hotel.

This will be become a regular visit for us when we come to Vegas!
Adventure dining at its best :) 

I am pretty spoiled by dining in nice restaurants with beautiful ambiance, unobtrusive service that anticipates every need, and extremely high levels of comfort. Fukuburger is definitely not these things, which means it is pretty amazing to make me enjoy it so much! 

That said, this is definitely the best food truck experience I've had. 

They've got a simple but excellent menu that is Asian/Hawaiian influenced, with several burgers to choose from, a few sides, and awesome specials that keep each visit fresh by giving you something new to enjoy. My "go-to" is the Buta Burger, which has bacon, cheese, and a little bit of ginger on the burger. The burgers are hearty - just the perfect size for a full meal. At West-side Wednesdays, they have "Asian Chicken and Wafu" which is their version of fried chicken and waffles and is absolutely delicious - teriyaki chicken skewers and fried dough with cinnamon, sugar, and maple syrup. 

They also have delicious Strawberry Lemonade that I definitely recommend, particularly during the summer months when you need something particularly refreshing. 

Their system is efficient and remarkably fast considering the size of the line. They have a server at the truck taking orders as you reach the front of the line - she's always really quick but also very friendly, willing to explain the menu and make recommendations if it's your first time there. Sometimes they'll give you an idea of how long it'll take for your order to come out, sometimes not. You hang out and wait for them to call your hame for your order when it is ready at the window. 

There's no place to sit... well, I take that back - they usually have some overturned Home Depot buckets and perhaps a folding table, but considering the crowd that is usually there I wouldn't count on these :) We usually tailgate in our SUV instead. 

Follow Fukuburger on twitter to keep in touch with where they'll be, what the specials are (including pictures, which help to entice you to go find them, right this very moment so that you can order that special) etc.

Overall, it is so much fun and WAY better than anything casual you can find on the strip itself. Oh! Also the prices are amazingly approachable, which is absolutely a great reason to check it out.
What do you expect, this is a roach coach food truck!! The only thing different between this and the mexican trucks and this one is painted. The food isn't horrible, but what can you expect from a roach coach food truck?? People think this is something new?? People have been selling food out of trucks for A LONG TIME!! This "gourmet" food just comes out of a food truck that had a decal on the side. Not too impressive...  I'll stick to the taco trucks for A LOT LESS!! This is OVER PRICED for a roach truck, -just my opinion
Save your money and spend it on a reputable food truck like slidin thru. 

For the money that you spend here, the quality of the food is terrible. 

Plus the owner like to single out groups of people.
I heart food trux big time and this is my number one grrrl!

I frequent Vegas a few times a year and decided to look up some food trucks to check out during my stay. This has definitely become one of my staples when I'm in town!  

Asian fusion burgers, fries with crazy sauce and fun staff are what make me a diehard fan. 

My favorite burger is hands-down the Buta-burger: applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, pickled onions and red ginger topped with Japanese BBQ and wasabi mayo...yum town!!!  And I don't even like wasabi or ginger but the combination is outrageous. 

Look em up.  Check out the schedule.  Eat a burger.
Mmmm yum! I don't like to play favorites but this is consistently best food truck in vegas.

Its no secret that foodtrucks are popping up all over the place. Alot of people think its a gimmick but Fuku is here to prove them wrong. LIke many places, fuku serves up that "fusion" burger, - traditional american food with a Asian twist. All of their burgers have Japanese influences (fuku means lucky in Japanese), from pickled ginger, chicken katsu sandwiches, wasabi mayo, whatever, these burgers are pretty different that what you can find else where.

The truck travels around vegas, but you find their schedule on their website - http://fukuburger.squarespace.com/schedule/ and they are pretty good to sticking to their sched unlike some other foodtrucks which never show up or dip out early. Definitely worth checking out is the buta burger (bacon cheese burger my fave) and the chicken katsu which is pretty creative. 

There are a couple downsides though, they don't offer anything for your vegie/vegan/hippie friends (jk). So keep that in mind if you take your friends there. On top of that it can be a little pricey, $5 for a burger and its kind of small, but its more than worth it. Also remember to tip! - it pays off here for sure.
This is a very belated review. I have consumed many Fukuburgers on countless nights and everytime it is consistent and delicious! 

My favorite is the #5 Karai Spicy Burger with extra sricha sauce! Sometimes (if you ask Chef Mags or one of the other cooks on the truck reallyyy nicely) they will add an egg on top for you :) The buns Fuku uses are good quality and hold up nicely to the meat, egg and veggies.

All their burgers are made fresh, to order, so everytime I have eaten a burger from their truck it has come out piping hot, freshly made. 

The girls they have working the front of their truck are super nice as well, always friendly and smiling.

LOVE YOU FUKU!! :) xoxo
Onolicious! I have thoroughly enjoyed everything I've ever gotten at this truck. I'm a big eater so it usually ends up costing me a little over $15 for myself to have 2 burgers, fries with crack sauce and a drink.
Omg. 

I finally tried the Tomago...I've been here 2 times after this update. Yup. Officially my favorite. I make sure I visit this truck every time I'm in Vegas. Do it.

Do the Tomago. 
And you will not regret it!

I also tried the fries...I thought they were a tad too salty, but it may just be me
Good music. Good food. Funny guys.
Ordered the Tamago Burger and Jazz Fries.  Fantastic.  The burger was done just right, the sauce, the egg, crispy onions, all an amazing well balanced combo.  The flavors were so good and different than anything I've ever tried.

The Jazz Fries are smothered in some kind of gravy with their "crack sauce".  So freaking good, I can't even tell you.

The atmosphere was fun, energetic.  One of the owners was yelling out orders, taunting the customers, all in good fun and humor. 

Only negative (more of me not knowing what I was getting myself into, than the fault of Fukuburger) is that the owner often shouts out profanities, and has some raunchy exchanges with the customers.  I'm not uptight about this normally, and I found it to be hilarious...just more of a warning if you bring your kids.  I was visiting vegas with my family and a few months prior saw a feature on Fukuburger on the show "Eat Street".  Of course they don't show this side of the Fukuburger truck on TV, so I had no idea.  I go walking up with my 3 year old (who likes to repeat everything) and my wife (granted it is about 9pm, so kids would normally be in bed had we not been on vacation, right?)  And there were tons of hilarious exchanges between the guys in the truck and the customers.  Hey Its my fault for bringing my kid into that situation I guess, and not ripping fukuburger for this. If I was alone or out with just the wife, again, I'd have no issues at all.  

So I guess consider this more of a warning if you have small kids and you don't want them repeating things like "fu*k and sh*t" on the drive home, lol.  

As far as how this relates to the food?  It doesn't.  The food itself was fantastic and the next time I'm in vegas, I'll be hunting them down again and will either leave the kid at the hotel, or will come armed with some ear plugs.  Ha.  Thanks for the good experience Fukuburger!
I probably love the atmosphere more than I love eating the food. 

The atmosphere that Fuku Burger creates is awesome and a totally different experience that I think young crowds would find the most enjoyable (if you are an older, boring stiffy this is definitely not for you). They change their location, play music, the workers are super fun, and it's a great place to talk to and enjoy a conversation with total strangers. Great social gathering.

The food in my opinion is good, some of it is great and I order time and time again, and some of it is just way to salty to eat. (I ordered a nagadog once and could not even bring myself to finish half.)

The only thing that really bothers me is that every time I eat here I feel like I am playing Russian roulette. Because the next day I may or may not be getting the s**ts. It's a 50/50 gamble that I know other people also experience, so it's not just me! (No shame!)
Hands down these are the best burgers in town.  They have a very simple menu, 6 items, side items like fries, naga dog and on some days they have specials! If I was to pick my favorite burger on the menu... Hmm. I can't because their all so good! Oh yeah don't forget the jazz fries. You won't regret eating here if its your first time, you will probably come back for more!!! I'm gettin hungry for some fukuburger right now as I'm writing this review.  Make sure to look at their schedule posted on their website.
tamago is my fave:)
Food truck that's always at all the best events and consistently delivering the best late night meals in vegas.
I had a burger with a fried egg on top and it was out of this world.  I had lost 100bls and I had to eat three of those damm burger they were so good.  WOW,  Just could not stop......   If you get a chance and you pass on trying this burger, you missed out!
Great truck, better than "almost" every other burger joint in Vegas.....had the #2, I think, the one with the egg...it was great and most of the yolk ended up on my wife's sweater, so the messy factor was good. I thought it was gonna suck, but I'll be a regular now.
My friends brought me here to a random food truck and I was so confused on how and what to order so I picked the #4 burger with garlic fries and at first when I looked at it I couldnt believe how small it was for $10 BUT BOY WAS I WRONG! This burger was perfect! it was juicy it had so much flavor it had interesting flair to it. All I can say is wooooooow!
What's that burger with the egg on in? Bomb. Mostly for drunk food though. Who cares. Very delicious food on the run.
I have eaten many times at the Fukutruck and it is always great food. You go there for more than just food. It's good people and a great atmosphere. And its one of the few food trucks that have chefs making chef food! Why doesn't anyone appreciate what really matters- LOVE FOR FOOD. You will not be dissapointed. Oh and yes, Tamago all the way, Todd
This is the only food truck I stalk online to get a fix! The quality of their product that they are putting out is consistantly awesome. This is the truck that proves utterly delicious food can come out of a kitchen the size of a box. The burgers are always delicious and slightly messy and -let's face it- isn't that what we really want from our burger? Juicy, saucy deliciousness pouring down our faces! Yum. 

The topping are totally Fuku and can't be found elsewhere. I love the Kinoko due to my obsession with anything featuring mushrooms and my man is always torm better the Buta Burger and the Tomago. Pretty much, what I'm saying is, you can't go wrong. And if your curious, the fries are no joke and fricking delicious too. These guys (and gal) kill it on a regualr basis. If you're visiting Vegas, they are definitley worth the off-strip trip to taste the goods. Luckily, I live here.
I caught the truck outside of The Commonwealth on a school night. Had some beers in me, pretty much all liquids since 6pm that day and this was closing in on 1am. I try and eat healthy so I offered the girl I was with to split a burger with me, she had tried them before and was pumped about my generous offer. I forget what we got exactly, but it was juicy and tasty, I leaked burger juices all over a sports book table inside the el Cortez (I cleaned it). I let my date have the cardboard container it came in (another generous and gentlemanly gesture) so that what's why I leaked juices. Haha. I don't remember the fries, you can't really mess those up so I bet they were good. 

If you tip the truck you get a jelly tube. Which sounds weird and tastes different. 

Oh and the best part is...they ask you what name you want to be called out when your burger is ready ....so get creative with that. I went with Mike Hunt, classic. My date was no doubt impressed. 

Try Fukuburger, it's good.
Cool truck! I like the idea and wish there were more food trucks running around Vegas like this one. Food was pretty good, the fries were the best. Tried the #1 just to get the taste of whatsup, not the most well-done burger but good. They move around but seem to keep the schedule updated. The only negative thing is that their website is just a flippin' mess!!!! Also 8pm is kinda late to open up isn't it? Specially for $10 1/4 burger. We'll try them when they come to Findlay Fiat again
This place is absolutely fantastic!!!!
And I mean that. If you haven't experienced fukuburger then you are missing out. Everything about them is good. They have a 6 burger menu, but if you're a bacon-head like me then the pork burger is obviously your favorite. But whatever you try, you'll definately love. They have non burgers too, they have jazz fries and hot dogs too
One thing that makes them stand out alot is their customer service and involvement in the community. They're always part of events like westside Wednesday and G3. What's also great is that at events they also will make a special burger like the Ronald McFuku.Of all the food trucks in Vegas they're also quite possibly the most involved and active on social media.  The two owners are also some of the nicest guys you'll ever meet. Colin and mags are very responsive and do whatever they can to make sure everyone has a great experience. 
If you come here, I guarantee you'll leave as a fan. In fact they're so good I have a friend who doesn't eat burgers but she makes an exception for fuku. That's how we roll
Nothin but the best! I visit fuku every now and then and they have never dissapointed me. I think I have tried every burger on their menu and have concluded that the fukuburger and the tamago burger is the best. I love how they always come up with new stuff like the chicken and waffles. So Bomb!
I'm still trying wrap my head around the food truck craze, but there's nothing really appealing about trying to eat messy food on the side of the street or in your car. There are some crazy creations on this truck that I do want to try, but I wasn't too overly impressed with my first visit. I found the food overly salty and very one note in flavor.  The "jazzfries" were ok, just mostly smothered in this really decadent sauce- it was a little much for me and again too salty. The wait was a little long, but that's to be expected from a food truck. Bottom line is that I would try other things from the menu if I happen to be around the truck again, however I wouldn't drive out of my way to track down the truck.
Very small burgers, to expensive for the size. Good concept but my meat was raw inside still. Not sure of the safety of their meat to ever eat again.
^^b
I've added the Fukuburger Truck to my Twitter feed before other trips to Vegas but never got a chance to try it until my most recent vacation. It was well worth the wait and the hunt!

I love eggs, so I knew I would order the #2 - Tamago. The cute little girl taking my order advised me to put bacon and cheese on it as well, so in the spirit of Tom Cruise in Risky Business, I decided wtf. Why not? :) I also completed my calorie-laden meal with an order of jazz fries. 

I ate my meal with a fork, because I'm classy like that. But honestly, it was super messy, and I don't know how anyone could just eat this stuff with their hands, unless they had a roll of paper towel next to them. The burger and fries were good, but gotta be honest - I am a little surprised I didn't have a heart attack while eating it. Very rich stuff!

There was also shave ice truck in the parking lot, which might have appealed to me if I wasn't from you know, Hawaii. I'm definitely glad I checked out the Fukuburger Truck!
Once again a 5 star burger place gets three stars. Here is the scoop. This burger is seriously good. I do question the overall consistency of this place. I have had 3 different burgers from this place in 2 trips and they were all tasty. 

So here are the issues.Mostly dealing with consistency. The price seems to fluctuate depending on the area of town they are in and the clientele they are serving. The first time I went I spent 5 bucks for one burger. The next time 27 for 3 burgers and a jazz fry. ?????? much. As well the second time my guest wasn't thrilled at all by her burger and thought it tasted a little burnt. Not an experience I have had. As well that time I don't think we got everything on the burgers that were supposed to be on them. One of my burgers was supposed to be hot and spicy but nothing even seemed to get close. As well one of the burgers was supposed to have wasibi mayo on it and it didn't said my friend. I think this food truck is starting to live off of reputation and maybe not putting the best effort into every burger. 

As for the burger the meat is tasty and flavored well. The combination a Asian centric topping is a hit with me. Especially the pickled ginger. If you like Asian inspired food and burgers then this is the place for you.

I still think it is one of the best burgers in Vegas but depends on the day if you will actually get the burger you ordered. 

As well I would prob skip the 4 bucks for jazz fries next time. The fries are good but the portion is way small.
Lived in Vegas since '07 & somehow never tried Fuku. Play poker a ton and always saw David Williams taking up Fuku so was trying to try it for awhile now, just never went on a straight mission like I did coming from Henderson to find were they where. Left my place @ 9pm to try and get to them @ the Rio WSOP entrance before they left. My GF myself and her son showed up at 10:05 and they where just getting ready to leave for Freemont. I vented my frustrastion that I just drove all the way cross town to have them, The owner Colin said that was all we had to say, was that we just drove all the way from so and so, He yelled to the truck to take our order and they fired everything up and waited for us. Something I doubt 95% of businesses food truck or not would do here in Vegas. It's usually just, nope, you didnt make it, come back when we are open or at this other location, Thanks! But not w Fuku. They had a very nice cool and professional staff that helped us order. The only downside, & what stopped me giving 5 stars was the price, and I know that is because the venue they were at, which I forgot I read about on Yelp from other reviews they have to cover overhead. We ordered 3 burgers, two Jazz fries, and 3 sodas and it was $39 & change. All burgers and fries were Delish, and awesome like other yelpers have stated. I know if I went to them at one of their regular spots would be $5-10 cheaper. Overall I wanted to try fuku due to the great yelp reviews, the word of mouth, and the expierience, and I wasn't let down. Colin said his plan is to eventually have a sit down restauraunt in LV along with CA.
After years of knowing about this truck and months of waiting since I passed them up at the Silverton food truck festival, I finally got the chance to try these guys out. They were parked outside Kuma Snow Cream for its grand opening event. In spite of the intense heat, we opted to go for burgers instead of braving the long lines for the sweet treats.

Quickly glancing at the menu, I skipped the plain-sounding option #1 and went for #2, the Tamago Burger. They'll ask you for a nickname instead of your actual name to call your order. It seems that Pokemon were really popular that evening, but I went with... something else that you'll have to ask me about later.

After several minutes, my $5 morsel of goodness came out. It was impressively hard to eat with all the ingredients and mayo literally bursting from the sides. I ended up having to cradle the burger with one hand and to support it with the paper plate in my other hand. Then I licked my hand clean and wiped it down with the napkins. I have no shame; it was that yummy.

I never did get to try Kuma, actually. But it probably wasn't the best food available that night anyway.
I have had the pleasure of eating at "Fuku Burger" a few times now, and it's always been very satisfying! 
Everyone that works there has very good energy, which made it a pleasurable experience every time! 
This is a definite must try!!!!
I love food trucks! Was pretty excited to try this out when my friend recommended it. 

The location was kind of sketchy and hard to find but we found it in the back lot of the Backstage Bar & Billiards. Luckily got there before the line got too long. The truck is interesting, to say the least. It's plastered with stickers, they had a hookah set on the side, there are tens of orange buckets laid out as seats, and you have to come up with a "dirty" name to attach to your order. It was great. 

FOOD: I ordered a Tomago (egg) burger and the Crack Fries. The dude was really friendly and offered some good suggestions. Burger was $6 and Crack Fries were $4. They accept card but charge $.45 extra! The burger was really well put together with the egg and fried onions. The patty was juicy and savory and the bun was warm and soft. The crack fries had this salty soy sauce-based "crack" sauce over them and they were SCRUMPTIOUS. Definitely get them. My only issue was the fries got really salty after a while but I probably should have bought a water. I thought the portions would be a bit small but I was pleasantly satisfied after my burger and fries!

Great vibe & delicious food, I'll definitely be back.
This past weekend we were driving around Vegas for something good to eat and by this time we're way off the strip just looking for something that appealed to us both. Out of the corner of my eye I spotted a jackpot, like 6 food trucks in a row! It turned out to be the 1st Friday Art event in downtown Vegas, but we didn't care, we just wanted some good grub. I wanted something Asian (I'm always up for Thai) and my husband was up for anything but, so I knew our chances of finding something we both liked were good here.

We walked by all the food trucks and then as we were checking out the roller derby mini arena this Fukuburger truck pulls up and a line formed instantly! We decided this was the truck for us too. The burgers were $6 each and the patties were super thick and juicy. Overall it was a great burger. I got the #1 (Lucky) and my husband got the #3 the Buta-burger. We usually share fries and were a little disappointed when we first saw how tiny our order of garlic fries was, but that burger was filling enough that we didn't feel as cheated in the end. We both loved our burgers and that awesome garlic sauce.
 
There weren't many seats available so we sat on some buckets that I think the truck brought with them. That may have been a first for me.

Also, the people running the truck seem way cool. We'll definitely hit the Fukuburger truck again when we're in Vegas and hopefully try all of the other burgers.
I'm probably the last person who lives in Vegas to try Fuku. I've many failed attempts to go to Chinatown and food truck events to have their burger since almost everyone I know like them. I was excited that they were at the car show last night. The line was a bit long so I had high hopes.

I had the Tamago burger and garlic fries. My friend got the Karai (spicy) burger and garlic fries. The Tamago burger was too sweet and messy to eat. The garlic fries were not garlic-ky at all and the dip was also sweet. The Karai burger was a little bit spicy but plenty sweet.

Overall, Fuku did not live up to my expectations. All hype, sadly. I might have enjoyed it if I were drunk and couldn't feel my mouth. It's just not for me.
Over priced, over sauced, too long of wait for food, but the burgers are descent.
Fuku hits the spot. A definate local treat. I only wish they kept the Mac salad in stock. I don't understand why it's on the menu full time when it's only a once in a while special.  I've been told this delicious treat is only made about once a month.
Catch this late night burger truck! They move around to certain spots several times a week, so depending on what day definitely check their website to see where they will be next!

I love their burgers, they've once made my order wrong but it still tastes good! It may be a bit pricey but if you haven't tried it before, it's definitely worth it. I always order the Mushroom burger and it just tastes great each time.

The workers are upbeat and have a good attitude and are always down to have a good conversation. Short and sweet review for a good burger truck!
I don't even like burgers but this place comes to my mind (and make me drool) every 5 weeks or so, and that's addiction. My favorite is Naga Dog :)
I had my first fukuburger back in 2010 and instantly became a fan. I would come by myself and order the nagadog and eat it in my car before work.

Eventually Colin and Mags chatted me up and encouraged me to participate and experience the "fuku culture".

I always tend to order the same thing(naga dog) but have tried every item on the menu. Although they serve staple American items such as burgers, fries, and hotdogs, fukuburger has successfully added an asian culture twist to every item. I guess you would call that a fusion...

The only reason you wouldn't enjoy fukuburger is if you are a vegetarian. Even so...you will most likely fall in love with the staff and the unique atmosphere that they have created. It is obvious that they have a passion for meat. The patties are marinated and the toppings are incredibly addictive.

Warning: You will become a fan.
I really wanted to like this place when i rolled up with my babe there was a huge line and i knew that i was going to forgoe the other trucks and grab a fuku burger.
sadly dissapointed with my mushroom burger, I dont know if they were having an off night but my burger had some kind of grit in it and it was very off putting i had to toss it out. my girl had the katsu chiken and she didnt finish plus the fries were kinda soggy to boot.
I'm pretty sure that Fukuburger has replaced dirty street tacos as my favorite post-libation-snack-while-you-sober-up option.

Friday and Saturday nights they can often be found in a parking lot off of 6th and Fremont these days...and I completely support this decision. 

My standard these days is the #2 Tamago and their Jazz fries!  They do a great job with their burgers here...always cooked to a wonderful med-rare every time.  They have a couple house-made sauces that are spot on for burgers.  I would be confident ordering any of their items though.
Well, the last time I patronised this food truck, was probably the last time. 

They were pretty close to running me off the road -- I believe unrelated to my patronage of their business (I do tip) -- and, when I brought this up to their attention in a snarky manner via social media, they joked about it. I chuckled because they understood exactly what I meant even though it was being indirectly referenced (they must run or be close to running a lot of people off the road). 

Chuckled because it easier to just shrug someone nearly killing you on the I-15 than letting it upset you. 

So, no harm, no foul. Maybe they are just really bad, inconsiderate drivers. There are like one hundred thousand others out there. 

In any case, it appears as if they enjoy dishing out plenty of quips via social media but cannot take the most simplest of ones. (They blocked me after one Firefly joke.) 

So, what the hell does this have to do with their business rating? 

Well, if I cannot see where they are (blocked on social media site used to track location for food trucks), how am I supposed to remain a customer? They basically made it perfectly clear how they feel about any Firefly jokes being made. (Blocked.)

Epilogue.
The Tamago burger is okay and a steal at 5/6$ or whatever will be the pricepoint at the time of reading. They give you Japanese candy for tipping, which is a sweet touch. There is a Fukuburger brick & mortar restaurant in L.A., and maybe, that will be safest bet for being a patron of this company. I will order my next Tamago from there. - E
One of the best food trucks in town! Not only their burgers are bomb but their jazz fries are amazing too. The best part of fuku burger is that they also give back to the community and help hurricane victims around the world! Way to go fuku!! Love them!
I love fuku. All of their burgers are declines and affordable. They also always try different menu items like a chicken Katsu loco moco. Their fries are delicious too. I honestly love each of their burgers and I believe they are like 5-6 bucks each. Definitely some of the best burgers in town and they're coming off of a truck.
Absolutely the best hamburger in Las Vegas.  I have been to many restauraunts from hole in the wall joints to very expensive places on the strip and I must say that Fukuburger is by far the best hamburger I have ever had.  I think the crack sauce was made by God himself and sent down to the fuku truck.
So after my 1st review I was contacted by the owner of this fine establishment. He offer to remake my previous meal if I would come back in again. I more than gladly took them up on this offer. As the 1st time I visited Fuku was really good and the second time was just alright. 

This time I ordered the 1 and the 5. The burgers were both awesome. Love the pickled ginger on a burger and this time the number 5 had a little more heat to it. I still thing the special fries at this place are worth a pass in the long run. Just not enough fries for my taste. 

I did get a second to visit with the owner. He was a very nice guy who you can tell loves what he does. He is what more owners/managers should be like. Taking great pride in his product and making sure his customers are happy. He also explained how price is affected by were they are parked and how much a space rental might be. Makes more sense to me now. I will definitely be back the next time I am in Vegas. 

Note this is and upgraded review and the star rating reflects two 5 star experiences and a 3 star. If you want prob the best burger in Vegas then you will eat here.
I love Fuku!!!!! For those who haven't tried it, great fusion of Japanese style burgers. But what the best thing to go for is the different specials chef mags whips up every now and then. It's better than opening presents on Christmas Day! Keep it up Colin!
i love this spot!!! How can you go wrong with fusion burgers?
I am a long time Fukuburger loyalist. I always leave their truck very full and very happy!

I usually get the Tamago burger because what is better than the burger and egg combination? Lol. I get fries with my order as well and I appreciate the touch of Asian cuisine in the sriratcha mayo fry sauce. 

A couple tips, this food can get awfully messy, I would suggest bringing yourself some wet wipes. Also, visit them in a truck so you can order your food and eat in the bed of the truck and not worry about a place to sit.

Last time I stopped by the truck, they were unfortunately out of strawberry lemonade! Sad face. But when they do have it, you can be sure that I am washing it down with my yummy burger.

One time Fukuburger was invited to UNLV and the line was crazy, but being the friendly staff that they are, Fuku definitely hyped up the crowd with games and conversation and made it seem like we hardly waited at all.

This food truck definitely caters to the cool crowd, their innovative menu items, late night business hours, and fun location stops make their truck the fun place to be.
Seriously the best burger in town!!! They are almost always located on Freemont street on Friday and Saturday night. A burger from the Fukuburger Truck is exactly what you need after walking up and down Freemont Street. The eggs that they put on their burgers are fresh and do not taste like they were microwaved in to existence.
Amazing food!!! Always keep it A+!!! Been coming here for the past 3 and half year. Always there to serve you when you hungry!!! Lol
It s some stuff I recomend for people to dry. And tip for the owner, add a little bit of preserved mustard green , peanut with sugar ( crushed and mixed together), chopped  garlic with spoonful of  water that needs to be added to the sauce , few pcs of cilantro leaves and few drops of hot sauce of  hot sauce. And this will make it the most authentic porkbelly bun just like the one from taiwan and Hongkong. It will be a hit.
I Love fuku burger!!! every time i have family and friend come over, the first place we try to go to is FUKU BURGER. I have bee eating there since 2010 when I first came back to the United States from being stationed in JAPAN and it is a wild twist. a little mix between style of how food is made in USA/JP. The egg burger combo is zoo good, and that special sauce!!! yeses so good. Can't wait to see them at FOODIE FEST.. definitely hitting them up for sure.
After much anticipation I ate a fuku original burger today at foodie fest and both me and my wife agree it was the best thing we had today, burger itself was a terrific medium with tons of flavor!! Would def go back and recommend to anyone
Not worth the wait,  waited over an hour for 1 burger.  The karai,  it was tiny,  perfect for me but too small compared to other burgers of the same genre. The bread was soaked in worstershire spicy liquid the meat had an over fried edge to it and overall,  no flavor except for the liquid in the bread.  Don't believe the hype.  For Asian fusion burgers try Bachi Burger.
Waiting  30 minutes for a burger is a joke.  It's time to grow up and ditch the food truck and get a real location.
Ok going on Juuuusst under a year now I've been trying to keep my family optomistic about The Fukuburger Truck.. The food looks SOOOO GOOD & it has a dash of back Home Hawaii too.. But the problem is i can nvr be in right timing with their schdl.!! It drives me Nuts! I sware lol. I wish they'd open bit earlyer earlyer you know.. We have kids so it makes it  a little difficult to be making late night runs for dinner.. And the few times  that we wantd to, I called ahead but.. They wernt any where near our home location... I mean i totally understand that they cater to the night life.. and thats how they've done it all this time. Ill just have to wait for the perfect timing? Lol.. but keep up the awsome work guys.. The food looks Aaamazzee!! #that furukakesaladtho
Great late night snack, nothing like a runny egg on a burger to put the alcohol raging through your system in check.
And the crack sauce on the fries.  Yes.  Yes please.
Think hot dog stand in New York... But in a parking lot and instead. it's tacos.

The area in the front was a  mess. No one had cleaned the condiment area for some time and it wasn't covered. I know in most Mexican restaurants have sneeze guards but this place doesn't have that nor do they have covers... A little bothering.

The tacos are TJ Style (Tijuana, Mexico) and the flavor was OK. It was nice to be able to eat something like this since the only TJ Style tacos I like are located in San Diego.

If we're driving by and I feel like having me some TJ style tacos, I'd take a make the visit.
After the UYE @ Herbs and Rye was over there was talk of tacos, the crew all ended up going to another destination, but since I'm lazy I figured I'd check out the place 10 feet from my parked car.

The place is nothing more than a tiny shack with a big light up screen on top of it, they have menus on both sides of the windows, one in english and one in spanish. 

They don't have a ton of variety, but everything is hand made, the tortillas are hand made, and mine were made to order.

The place wasn't really busy, which concerned me a little, but I thought I'd give it a try.

I ordered a Carne Asada Taco and a Taco Al Pastor. I was a little surprised when I got my order, all there was on my plate was 2 tortillas with some meat on them, no lettuce, no cheese, nothing.

They do have a small toppings bar next to the window that had 2 salsas and a guac sauce, limes, cabbage, and jalapenos, on it, but I'm not really a fan of any of them.

I squeezed some lime on to my meaty tortillas and gave them a try.

The Taco Al Pastor was pretty solid, the pork was cooked and seasoned well, but it was nothing special.

The Carne Asada Taco was rather disappointing, the beef was chewy and barely seasoned.

The tortillas were fresh and tasted pretty good, but I have to admit for $1.75 each I was expecting more than meat and a tortilla.

The only things saving this place from a 1 star review are the fact that the ladies were friendly, the food came out quick, and the al pastor was decent.

It will do in a pinch, but there are 3 other taco places within a block, so I'd say check them out first.

Oh and there are no tables or chairs or anywhere to sit, I had to sit in my car and eat my tacos
This taqueria used to be a small hot dog stand called Senor Dogs, and my husband and I would frequent the place after some debauchery on The Strip or Downtown.  They then expanded and have a full on taco stand going on now.  They still serve the hot dogs if that's what you're hungry for, but I've ditched them and am now turned on to the delicious Mexican food that is so good after you've had a few cocktails.

The quesadilla with carne asade is huge and they do not skimp on the cheese or the meat.  The meat is seasoned well.  I've also tried the carne asade burrito and the street style tacos, both of which were pretty good.

To be honest, I've only eaten here when I've been buzzed after some cocktails, and everything tastes good when you're buzzed.  But I can say that whenever I am feeling hungry after some late nights, I'll be the first to yell out, "Let's go to the gas station taco stand!!!"  And that's where we always end up!
Mission: TO FIND THE TASTIEST TACOS ON THE STREETS

Who:  different taco vendors on Las Vegas' streets
*Brick and mortar places, i.e. Los Tacos, Tacos El Gordo DO NOT COUNT...

First up, Ricos Tacos...Handmade tortillas are always a plus, and we ended up ordering
Al Pastor,  Carne Asada , Enchiladas, and Flautas (yeah, I know I said TACOS)

Al Pastor had good flavor, but no pineapple...bummer

Asada, Enchilladas, and Flautas were decent...

Overall, good, but not good enough that I'd return...


PROS:

Handmade Tortillas

CONS:

No pineapple

No Al Pastor Carousel

Flavors are just okay compared to other vendors

NEXT!!!

**RECOMMENDATIONS**

Check out other vendors ....just sayin'...
Don't be SCURRED to hit the streets for some tasty eats!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(165/365) "Street Taco Scramble Part 1"
As you can see from the photo, super cute little tiny sliders.  They stayed perfectly formed, even going down the street, back to my car, back to the parking garage, two blocks back to my building, up the elevator... you get the picture.  The Perfect Slider (left) is very, very good and consistent with the Perfect Burger served at the LBS restaurant.  The California Slider (middle) was ok.  I was really excited about the avocado on this one but the turkey patty is just too blah to make it work.  The Ahi Slider (right) is to die for!  Perfectly done.  It's a little scary getting raw fish from a food truck, but it tasted very, very fresh and at the right temperature (a little cool on the inside even after its travels with two burgers in the same container).  One Perfect Slider and two Ahi Sliders and I would have been perfectly happy.

The fries are also very good and consistent with LBS restaurant.  Make sure to ask for the fry sauce!  But they give you a ton of fries, which is a good thing except when you are a french fry addict like me.

They have a good variety of sodas and other drinks, including caffeine-free and sugar-free options.  They had a special for kalbi tacos with kimchee.  I'll try that next time if they have it.  Maybe.  The Ahi Slider is just too good. 

In my limited Las Vegas food truck experience, these food trucks park in the strangest, most ghetto-ass places.  Maybe that has something to do with city regulations.  I could have walked from work, but I drove for fear of getting mugged.  Plus, if they didn't serve the food to go (thankfully they did), where would I eat it?  Sit on the curb outside of Western Cab?  I don't think so.

I haven't tried Slidin Thru yet (or even Fukuburger) because I really don't have the time to chase food trucks or stand in line.  But the opportunity ever presents itself, I'd be happy to compare.
Why am I the only one reviewing this?  I know others have tried it.  Fess up!

LBS Patty Wagon was back downtown the other day at the Western Cab location and I swung by to get some burgers.  Either they are afraid of the wind or the people down there, because the order window was boarded up when I got there.  But they removed the board and took my order. 

This time I tried the urth slider which I would not recommend.  Dry and with a weird pea flavor.  Even if you are vegetarian and have no other choice, don't do it!  Run away!  Just get the fries.  And the fries are spectacular.  Huge chunks of sea salt and they give you lots of fries.  Make sure to get the fry sauce.  It's not particularly healthy but it is oh so good.

The perfect slider was perfect as always and the classic slider was great as well.  You can get three sliders, fries, and drink for $9.  And they have diet Snapple!
Tried the Californian and the Perfect yesterday and I was pleasantly impressed! The burgers were mini, but packed full of flavor. I definitely want to try the Ahi and the Shoestring fries next time.

I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is curious. The only downside is the wait, but it is well worth it. I hear they have a restaurant too! Hope I will be able to hit that up sometime in the near future. 

The price is not too bad either!
Finally had the chance to try them at the Throwdown with Fuku and Slidin Thru.

I ordered the Perfect burger, which I thought was pretty good. I would give it 3 stars, but the bun was a weird texture. I was expecting the texture to be soft and spongy, but it was so weird I can't even explain it. To top if off the prices are pretty pricey, which was $7 just for a burger. Sorry, but you deserve the 2 star rating.
Maybe my expectations were higher than normal for the LBS Patty Wagon, being a mobile kitchen extension of the sit down restaurant inside Red Rock Casino.  But after trying the "Perfect Burger", I thought it was just an okay burger, composed from more gourmet ingredients (i.e., frissee, gruyere cheese, herb mayo) compared to the other food truck burgers/sliders offerings.  At $7 it was a fair value, as you can obviously get less for your money trying other food choices from other food trucks.

The taste of the burger was somewhat disappointing for me.  Maybe that has a lot to do with the all-beef patty being cooked well-done, which is a major turnoff for me right there.  But the combination of the beef with melting Gruyere Cheese, Herb mayo, Smoked Bacon, LBS Burger Sauce, Frissee, Oven Roasted Tomatoes, and Red Onion Marmalade, which looks really good on paper, ended not doing anything for me.  Hell, even Carl's Jr's Original Six Dollar Burger was a better tasting and more "perfect" burger in my opinion.

I probably will not seek out the LBS Patty wagon in the future. However, for those that are into the budding food truck culture of Las Vegas, I say give it a try and decide for yourself.  For all I know the dry patty was a fluke, and their burgers are supposed to be more juicy.

The best part of the LBS Patty Wagon experience are the sample nitrogen chilled treats.  It is definitely worth trying, especially since it is free.  Their Dessert Slider made with macaroons is a concept that I think needs refining, along with the flavor profile.

2 Stars.
So I FINALLY tracked down this truck. It seems like its always in Henderson!? Anyways, there were 4 trucks hanging out together this afternoon: slidin thru, sno-cone, foodslingers and lbs. I bee lined for lbs cuz I was starving! And I ordered the perfect burger. Oddly enough, NO WAIT! but all the other trucks did have a wait, which made me a bit wary of lbs. Sno-cones I understand, it was hot today. But slindin thru and foodslingers were more busy, and I wondered a bit as to why lbs was so unloved. Even so, it was a yummy burger with bacon, gruyere, arugala, an interesting ketchup and (yuck!) sundried tomatoes. If you didn't already know, I like my tomatoes cold and fresh, any other way is disgusting. I'm looking at you places that serve steamed tomatoes for breakfast! Anyways, all in all a good decent burger, but nothing to innovative. I think I'd prefer fuku over lbs.
The LBS Patty Wagon "Perfect Burger" ($7): beef patty topped with gruyere cheese, bacon, oven roasted tomato, frisee, red onion marmalade, LBS sauce and herb mayo. Sounds good, doesn't it? I thought so. In reality, the patty was dry, devoid of any juiciness, thin, hard, and overcooked. It was like one of those nasty burgers from McDonald's (except twice as expensive). The bacon was fatty and undercooked, although I did enjoy the flavor from the red onion marmalade and sauce. With the proliferation of food trucks in the valley, I doubt I'll ever be back.
first time at their truck. I had the Ahi sliders and the were pretty good. I would go to 3.5 stars. I've had some better but i would eat these again. next time i would try a burger.
After seeing the truck driving around in town often and never going to the Red Rock restaurant I made a point in trying at the Costco Food truck event. I had the Texan burger for $7, It has a burger with Brisket, Slaw and BBQ sauce. For $7 it is fair or you can get with drink and fries for $9.

The Burger itself was ok, too much dry bun, really thin patty, decent amount of brisket. Defiantly better than a fast food burger but lacked a lot of depth. I think if they had a thicker patty, and a better bun they would be in the 4 star maybe 5 star range.
I had the Ahi sliders, the buns sucked and barely any sauce. I was not impressed at all, I typically read reviews before I try a new place or food truck but this time didnt. Once I ate one of my sliders I had to read the reviews on Yelp which I completely agree with. I hate to say that I will try LBS at Red Rock now from the taste of my sliders. Also the girls from the office had the original and veggie patty, they all were not very impressed. Lets just say We will not be having this truck again. OH and its was expensive, $7 for 3 tiny Ahi sliders that were thrown together?  No thanks!
The owner of my company had the Patty Wagon roll up at our place for a couple of hours treating all the employees to lunch.  I am a BIG fan of the restaurant so I had high expectations.  It was a set menu of either a cheeseburger, urth (vegetarian) or a hot dog with a drink, choice of side (iceburg lettuce salad, mixed greens salad, chips or fries) and a chocolate chip cookie as well.  

The cheeseburger was a no brainer.  I was hoping to get as close to a perfect burger as possible but the only ingredient I could get was gruyere cheese :(  Still a decent burger but it doesn't do the restaurant any justice.  It was a bit smaller than their home joint serves and try carrying the burger, salad, cookies and drink back to the desk.  Now you know why I don't do trucks.  Salad was fresh and the cookie was fine.    

If I see the truck, I'll probably order but I won't seek it out when I can go to their Red Rock location for a much better experience that I can wash down with a beer or two.
Flow Rider is the New Truck in Town, they have a pretty solid menu offering burgers, hotdogs, and sandwiches.

The first thing you will notice about Flowrider is their Portions, let's just say they're BIG, and every order includes fries and a drink.

The menu is pretty expansive, I had D Porker, which can best be summed up as a deli that exploded and ended up on a bun, D Porker includes: Fried pork, beef, bacon, ham, sliced hot dog, beans, egg, muenster cheese, lettuce, tomato, avocado, served on a grill french bread.

It was a huge sandwich (camera on my phone doesn't work so I was unable to snap a photo), but trust me it was impressive!

The fries were rather forgettable, but it's nice that they were included along with a drink, other trucks are a la carte and the price can add up quickly.

My friend had the 12" Loco Dog which includes: A 12" beef dog wrapped with bacon, grill onions, jalapeno relish, special sauce, and guacamole on grill bun

He said it was really good, a little messy, but good.

I liked Flowrider, they still have a few kinks to work out, but given time they could become a contender for the vegas food truck crown.

Ok...here's my few complaints so they can work on improving and getting 4 or 5 stars on my next visit.

1- The fries are weak, they were under seasoned, a little soggy, and were rather blah. I may have just gotten a bad batch, but they were pretty forgettable.

2- The Toppings, there is a point when you reach overkill, when a sandwich has more than 10 items on it you might be going a little overboard, all of the ingredients in my Porker were great, but they got lost when they were mixed all together, I actually dissected my second half and ate it piece by piece, all of the meats were amazing, but it may be a little overkill.

3- Location I know finding places is hard when you start you, and the place you were at had a ton of traffic (rainbow and russel), parking was ok (hospital lot across the street), but there were no tables, benches, grassy areas, or anywhere to sit, I don't mind eating in my car, but if a group of people want to eat it can be a little hard.

4- Your Hours, I know you're new and you are still getting things worked out, but being open 3 hours a day 11a-2p is not enough time for people to get a chance to try your grub. I really think with your portions and prices, you would be a better late night truck than a lunch truck, you could corner the post bar greasy food market if you found the right location and got the word out!!!

I will give flowrider truck a few more tries, and hopefully they earn a few more stars, the more quality trucks this town gets, the better!!!
My BF just left home and I'm getting a call from him. Uhoh. 

Nothing to worry about- he was just letting me know that he saw Flowrider right by our house. He knows how I love my food trucks, even way before it was cool to go curbside. Gotta love a thoughtful man. 

I grabbed the Philly Rider which is Beef  with grilled onions, mushrooms, green & red peppers, topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and jalapenos on a 9" grill french roll. Comes with fries and you get a choice of bottled drinks (the usual sodas, water and some Jaritos) for $10.  

Wowwweee this was huge of a sandwich. I grabbed a fork to work it out and I definitely think they should stock a lot of fork and knives! LOL I liked my sandwich a lot and thought the flavors work well. I do like Philly cheesesteaks but I'm not a "cheesesteak person" because it gets too dense and rich with just a whole lot of meat and cheese going on. I like their take because the crisp lettuce gives a crunchy texture and tomatoes and jalapenos lightens up the flavors a bit. I might be stating blasphemy for some right now in saying that I will probably get this philly over Pops. Pops is good but too damn rich that I always have to share a sandwich and get other sides and another sandwich to break up the dense flavors.

 I ate a good amount of fries first and I thought that it was lightly crispy and good. They weren't seasoned, but apparently before they put seasoning and some people thought there was too much so they're trying without. I added a packet of salt to get it to where I want it. Since they are sitting most under the sandwich, I think that's really where it can pose a problem with losing its crispness since the weight of the sandwich is on it.

The ingredients were fresh and quality so they weren't skimping quality to make their big quantities. Some of their options are wild like the D Porker, but I think a lot of people can get into some of the other offerings. You can always strip it down if you're not a "topping person".  Theres also some "mini" options for smaller appetites and really nothing is stopping anyone to share some of these. I got maybe a 3rd of my food it before I had to take it to-go to eat a little later. 

As I was eating I got talking to the crew about food truck culture, randomness and a bit about themselves. Apparently they're not new to foodtrucks- they ran a taco truck that went to construction sites for 2 years and have gone this new route into the "culture". When it comes to this business, personable people go a long way. It's no secret that I go where food is good, but I frequent places where the staff/owners are people that make you feel at ease and makes me feel like I'm eating at a relatives house. In fact, "Pelon" reminds me of  one of my Tios.  It was very comfortable talking to Gigi who runs the orders and "Flaco" and "Pelon" manning the line. I normally never let businesses know about Yelp or that I'm a Yelper, but it was really easy to talk to them and they were very receptive to wanting to know what people think and what can be done better. I also rarely give suggestions while I'm at a business since I never want to put my mouth where it don't belong and cause tension, but since they were receptive I threw out some ideas that might help like putting fries in a paper bag on the side and maybe leaving the french fry seasoning out so people can season or not to their liking. Maybe see some locations where people can sit curbside or on some grass since that lot is really rocky (I suggested to check out the Centennial Hills Park/Library/YMCA area). I really want to see this truck succeed. 

After reading Chris M.s review, I can see where he's going with the night time venue. Don't get me wrong, I would eat this for lunch, but I'm just a late night person so I just woke up and threw on clothes at 1:30pm to catch them in the 3hour slot that they're out for the day. A few longer days or maybe a day where it's late night might bring more customers. A late night honker of a sandwich to end the night....hell yes that would be lovely. Fuku does it and they're always with a crowd. Perfect nightcap (dinner often times for night owls like me), drunk food, stoner food....and that's not a downer comment coming from me, it's a high compliment since I usually want a lot of things while in a "altered state" but at the same time get very oddly picky of what I would eat. This would be a good one to go to First Friday and those Thristy Thursdays bar crawls. 

I think for them being open only for a week they are doing good. Every truck here that's doing well had to work kinks out.  I see some promise here and hope they do well. Since they used to do a taco truck, I have to try their tacos next- The Super Tacation.

Once they get more into their Flow I can get into following this Rider.
Due to my incurable desire to try all the food trucks in Vegas I had to stop by  Flow Rider truck since it was not too far from where I live. Flow rider truck's design is interesting, you can't see in the pictures but it has a background of the strip to go along with its sin city theme.

First off I would like to say that their portions puts pretty much everything to shame. I'm thinking that goes along with the sin city theme, giant proportions that are not good for you, but you can't help. Food can range anywhere from $4.50 to $20. The $20 item is this huge burger with 8 sirloin patties and many other things. 

Anyways I only ordered two lunch specials, the mini loco dog and the mini hydrolic, but man for $4.50 it makes me regret touching subway. I believe that there are four specials, which are mini versions of their regular menu, comes with a McDonald's medium size of fries and a 20 oz soda, great lunch deal if you ask me.  This is not diet friendly food, but you only live once. Moving on the mini loco dog which is 6 inches, its a California street dog of giant proportions. The huge beef dog is wrapped with bacon and top with avocado, lightly grilled onions, relish, some kind of sauce, and maybe parsley and jalapeños? The only nitpick I have with it is that my bread broke in the middle so it was a bit messy, but good nonetheless. 

The fries were lightly crisp and nice, but were unseasoned, which is ok for me since they provide a station of the side for you to add your condiments and seasonings. 

The lady who took my order was nice, told me how although flow rider truck is new they have been in the mobile truck business for a few years.

Overall I like flow rider truck and hope to visit them more often in the future.
I tried their food for the first time last Sunday at the Clark County Library for the Comic Book fair.  There were 2 other trucks there, at the first the food just sounded odd so skip that, the 2nd truck I have eaten at a few times already, so we skipped straight to Flowrider as I have been wanting to check it out.  I didn't have much money to spend so the $6 deals were my best option although I wasn't sure it would be enough food.  Both me and my partner got the mini philly combo with just meat, cheese, onions and bread. It came with fries and a 12 oz can of soda.  We found a place to sit down and started grubbing.  The sandwich was so hot and gooey, the cheese sauce complimented the meat so well and it was hard to believe the roll could hold it all together.  The meat was well seasoned and tender, there was the perfect amount of cheese and grilled onion on it.  I was shocked, this was the best philly I have had here and I eat them everywhere.  It was so good I went to Capriottis the next day to get a philly cause Flowrider's made me crave them but the 9" sandwich I got from Capriottis didn't even compare to the 4" sandwich I got from flowrider.  That little 4 inches was so filling and delicious I could eat one every day if my arteries could take it.  The fries were kind of plain and I didn't see any type of sauce or seasoning available for them so about half of them got thrown away but it was okay, I was stuffed and got my moneys worth.  A big plus is that they sell Coke from Mexico which has less carbonation than the American version, the drawback -they charge $2.50 for one. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu now.
On my way to the swap meet noticed this white trailer on the side of the road , so stopped to try. It was not sexy looking so didn't have high expectations form the start. Walked up to take a look at the menu (which was all in Spanish)to see what they had to offer. 
(what always worries me about these food trucks is that have such large menus and such small space, makes me wonder where there food is REALLY stored at night, ya know!)
non the less I was prepared to try it anyways. The tacos were only $1 so we got pastor, cabeza , lengua an asada burrito and 2 drinks. Our total came to $10.00 not to bad! After placing our order I noticed that there were a bunch of half chickens stilling on the grill , kind wish i ordered that instead of the burrito.
Ate the tacos first, the meat was tender and it came with onion and cilantro on it, didn't need much more as it was gone in 3 bites as any street taco would be(good thing they are only a $1) 
The burrito had pinto beans and rice,very mushy, reminded me of pork and beans out of a can, large in size as it came with a good amt of meat, however dry, so needless to say that it had to be eaten with the red sauce that came with. Over all it was a very clean new looking trailer, the food was what could be expected from a Mexican food truck! If i pass by I will stop again however I wouldn't go out of my way as it wasn't in the best part of town. All in all it was a fun place to discover ..... I was def impressed with the cleanliness!
So after Herbs and Rye some of the Yelperazzi wanted to cap it off with tacos. There's so much of them here we could have done a taco crawl, but Elizar noticed a little taco hutch parked by the McDonalds that had a line going steady. Me, Elnino F, Andy T. and Elizar get tacos.

Definitely the crowd isn't the food truck culture crowd, it was straight up all Mexican. Good to me to see a crowd of people eating food from their culture. 

The tacos were $1 so I got 2 lengua/tongue and 1 pastor/marinated pork and I got a $1 canned soda (crush or coke). Not bad for $1 tacos! My lengua was soft and flavorful. The pastor was good, but I tend to like when it goes more the savory route and this had a slightly sweeter marinate to it. 

I would say it's not for the people who are germ freaks because the salsas are just sitting outside in containers. I say, I have eaten at 3rd world countries some pretty scary stuff and I'm still alive so I really don't get weirded out by little grubby taco stands.

Not quite sure if it's always there, but I think it is. They're open all day 12-12.
Don't be SCURRED to eat at a taco truck!!

Stopped here the other night with some of the Yelp-izzles after Herbs & Rye. It was Jade W, Elnino F, Eleazar A, and I. We couldn't decide on where to go so Eleazar suggested El Pollo Mobile.

None of of has been here before, but we were all happy with Eleazar's pick!

I got 1 pollo taco and 1 carne asada taco. They were only $1 each. There is a bowl of guacamole by the veggies and I put a scoop on each of my tacos. I also ate some of the carrots after I had finished my tacos.

I did not get sick, so the food was definitely clean. I will mos def come back to try some of the other tacos!!
Yes Five Star, 
I was very impressed with the food and price point. I mean, I am not into all that flash and fruo fruo looks. I look at the food. The quality of the meat was on par! They also provided pickled carrots and radishes and good salsa. This place can really compete with other taco trucks and beat'em hands down, I tell you. 

This is how good they are, there were these ghetto fabulous Mexicans from Cali with their gold chains and rings talking good ole' Mexican Spanish and ordering 30 tacos de carne asada to go! I mean you gotta love that! 

Oh and by the way, its near the Excellent Bar- Herb & Rye, so this makes for a great pit stop before or after you hit the bar. 
Til Next Time
If this is the place I think it is, its great!
We left Vegas on our way to the Valley of Fire, with our "tour guide" my brother who has lived in Vegas for 3o years when he asks if we want tacos.  The truck is  on the right (coming from Vegas) next to  the landfill. Just before the landfill on the right if your lucky and its daytime you will see a vehicle that makes the most amazing tacos. I didn't try the burritos but the chicken tacos are great. they are small so order a few., The bulk of their business are truck drivers who like the food so much they call ahead!! 
so if you see a truck parked there with a picnic table outside, you are in luck. Get the chicken ones, you wont' be disappointed!!
Recommended. The best mexican food to go. Always get the steak quesadilla for $6. Big portion food for reasonable pricing.
$1 TACOS!!!! Who can beat that?! Not even Tacos Mexico across the street, not only are the tacos cheap but they are deliciosos!!! Also, they are the only ones, pretty much, that serve tacos de pollo  (my favorite). The salsas are uncovered, but who cares they're good!!! The staff is always friendly and funny to talk to. Make sure to bring your piggy banks, cash only.
This review is for Pollo Mobile 2. At the intersection of Rainbow and Smoke Ranch
All I can say is "well done - bravo!" The chicken is grilled over chunk mesquite, and
These guys know what they're doing. The chicken is tasty and moist, the tortillas excellent, rice and beans,flavorful. An excellent choice if you're looking for a place
To swing by and grab some good food for dinner. I like these guys, they work hard
So you don't have to. Oh, they grill ribs too, but i've always been too late to get those. I'm calling it in the next time. 4 stars.
I'm giving this place a solid 4 stars.
Grilled chicken, and ribs, over mesquite. Tasty, moist, and unique. I say
Unique because food cooked outside over charcoal IS distinct. A great
bargain too. A whole cut up chicken/w beans and rice for $12. A full rack
O ' ribs for $20. The ribs go fast - so be quick.
This review is for Pollo Mobile 2. Across the street from U -Haul, on Rainbow &
Smoke Ranch. Just to be clear.
An average food truck. Tacos are tasty, but nothing to write home about. This is good location to visit if you are in the neighborhood but please do not make a special trip to come here. Lastly, I should point out the cleanliness of the place is a bit of a turnoff...at least for me (the guy making my tacos took cash with his bare hands and did not wash them before taking care of the next customer.
FYI... Health department just gave them a poor rating on sanitation standards.
I can't even drive past this cart without stopping! I used to live right around the corner from it and got hooked right away! I don't live that close to it anymore but I will take the drive from anywhere in town to get to it! LOL I'm not going to say its just soooo different then other carts but they are for sure really good! I like all of the men that usually run the cart and like a past review said, ALL YOU NEED IS $5 TO GET FULL! lol. All in all, THEY ARE MY FAVORITE!!!!!!
As I was leaving the Ho'olaule'a Festival on Saturday I noticed a food truck parked on a road side. I decided to check it out....The first thing I noticed was the Island Sushi sticker on the truck and I instantly knew I had to buy something even though I was full already!!! The two guys working at the truck were very nice and informative about the food they have to offer. 
I wanted to know if the Teriyaki chicken was chicken breast (I only eat chicken breast) I was sad to hear that it was chicken thighs but was assured that all the fat was trimmed off and still low in fat. However, they do offer chicken breast with a dressing. The guy was nice enough to give me a sample and yes the sauce was flavorful and the chicken was moist not dry.
I decided to sample the :
Ola Wrap- Flat wheat bread with cold chicken breast and Honolulu Slaw.
First off I never ever liked wheat bread so I don't know why I got this but I did and I tried a little piece of the bread- I didn't care for this. I will get white rice the next time.....
The chicken breast was moist and the Honolulu Slaw was good- it was like a tangy cole slaw.
Here's the thing- No, I wouldn't order what I ordered already but I do think that other people would really enjoy this option. Yes, I will continue to try other items on the menu , most likely items that I know I would enjoy. I did suggest that they offer healthier dessert options like Hawaiian cupcakes  made with egg whites. I appreciate that Island Breeze gives us another healthy alternative to eating as well as another food truck option and I hope everyone gives them a try!!!!
I have never been to the islands that is 2387 miles or so away from San Fransisco, but I do on a regular basis devour my Hawaiian options available in Las Vegas. Island Breeze is one of the newer food trucks that have been on my hit list for a while now, but I never had the chance since to give them a try since they are quite a distance from me... until today in which they were in the area where I was to do errands. 

At island breeze I ordered a regular kalua pig with brown rice and a toss salad. Also had a mini bento box of the teriyaki chicken. It seems that the regular size items are definitely deal as there is a healthy portion without a huge stack of calories added. The kalua pig that I normally eat is different compared to Island Breeze's. I am more used to a more fatty and salty version, but as a healthier alternative the Island Breeze version is a go. The teriyaki chicken from Island Breeze also seemed to be a healthier choice as the sauce was not as overwhelming as some places are, although my chicken was a little hard to chew, but perhaps it was an off day.

Other items available were wraps, breakfast, fried noodles, malasada, and they also had packaged snacks such as dried mangoes. 

The service was quick and no complains. They take cash and card so no need to stop by the ATM to get some "kala" to feed your appetite.
Where's the Yelp love, people?! I'm kind of shocked that this place has so few reviews! I thought Vegas is supposed to be the 9th island & that Yelpers loved food trucks and would quest forth in search of deliciousness? 

I have followed these guys on twitter & facebook since they first opened, excitedly waiting for my chance to give them a fair try. I've eaten at the sushi restaurant they're associated with and we had an edible, although not especially memorable meal.

Today, I finally tracked them down. It took a phone call after several laps around the wrong parking lot, but they were extremely friendly and helpful on the phone and I was able to head right over. Within 10 minutes and $17.50 later, I was driving home with;    

Big bento box: Huge portion! I got kahlua pork & teri chicken for the boy. It comes with big portions of the meat plus a piece of fried spam, lots of rice, pickled radish, fried noodles and salt. Since J ate most of it, I have to take his word for it. He said it was mostly just mediocre. He pretty much ate all the meat but didn't have many of the noodles, which seemed to be simply noodles, fried, with maybe some soy sauce for flavor. The piece of chicken meat I sampled had a clean, sweet & soy flavor but was a little overcooked (chewy) and I felt the overall flavor of the kahlua pork was a little underwelming. I detected a bit of vinegar? It was pretty moist, though. $7.50

Mini Kahlua bento box: A lot of food for a lady. :) I'm taking mine to work later for an easy, cheap lunch. I'll be taking a couple of packets of soy sauce, though, for added oomph. About half the size of the other container with all the same ingredients, it should be the perfect size for a filling lunch later in the day. $5

Ahi tuna Island wrap: A small whole/multi-grain pita bread filled with lots of shredded, crisp veggies and a few pieces of ahi tuna. It had a light sesame flavored dressing that complimented the veggies without overpowering them- very light and healthy, though the chewiness of the flatbread is distracting. I think a thinner flatbread would have worked much better. $3

Musubi: A thin slice of grilled spam- the same as what's used in the bentos- atop a huge block of plain white sticky rice with furikake sprinkled between the two and a band of nori wrapped around it's middle. There may have been a bit of a ponzu/soy sauce, but it didn't stand out much at all. It was just OK. I like the ones at Maui Rose better, though, for a better spam-rice ratio. $2

Overall, the food does seem healthier than the saucy, syrupy things you're often presented with in  a lot of restaurants, so for that and the friendly, enthusiastic customer service I give them an additional star. I'm a big fan of restaurants offering real, vegetable-laden, healthy food. The most vegetable drenched offering we had with our lunch, though, was my tuna wrap. The meats were cleaner in flavor and the kahlua pork tasted a lot lighter than most pork dishes I've tried. Not a bad pulled pork offering but nothing to freak out about, either.

I think with adequate feedback these guys could be great. They seem open enough that they'd be willing to listen to criticism. Give them a try & write an honest review, guys!  They won't bite! If you don't like pork they offer teri chicken & beef, as well as ahi poke for their wraps.
This place is awesome, its too bad not too many people know of  this place. Because they are affiliated with Island Sushi and Grill you get the same, if not better quality as them. Their healthy Ola Wraps are delicious, I usually get the ahi poke wrap with Honolulu slaw, their kalua pork wrap is also a winner. As for sides their corn and black bean salad is an awesome substitute to toss or mac salad.  Their bentos are fairly priced and you get a good deal because their portions are huge. They are just as good as I get them when have them back home in Hawaii.

Aside from the food, the service is great there, the two guys that run the truck are very nice, they can help you out to pick a great meal if you are not sure what to order.

I almost forgot! their Malasadas were really good, I would say not as good as Leonards(Hawaii) but its one of  the best you can get here in Vegas if you get it fresh.
I'm a southern california food truck eater and stumbled on Island Breeze while visiting Vegas. I hope the food truck rage catches on in Vegas because this truck offers comfort Island food at affordable prices.

The ahi poke is delicious and the serving was not skimpy for the price. Same applies to the musubi, which was nice and filling. Todays special was the saimen, and for $ 3 it hit the spot on this cold, rainy day. I'm looking forward to try the plates next time.
I went to the business Costco & noticed the Island Breeze truck parked in the front. After reading the invasion of the food truck article on the las Vegas weekly, I was really excited to try their food. I really enjoyed their teriyaki chicken wrap. Very flavorful! It was soooo delicious! The guys were very friendly & the truck looked pretty clean. I like its Hawaiian style. I can't wait to come back again for more tasty food.
I made a quick stop at Costco (MLK & 95) this afternoon and saw the truck in the far end of the parking lot. I drove over and saw the staffer starting to close up shop. I asked if I could still place an order, and to my surprise, he was super friendly and said "Absolutely! Order whatever you'd like!" 

I was picking up lunch for a coworker too, so I decided on Asian Chicken Salad Wraps with side orders of the black bean and corn salsa. It was artfully prepared and the portion size was just right. I was expecting the wrap to be half the size for only $3! 

Everything was fresh and so tasty! The first thing I did when I got back to the office was find them online. I bookmarked their weekly schedule and am now following them on Twitter. 

I am so glad I stopped over and am looking forward to going back next week.
Ordered their Saimin and Malasadas after Haleamano's performance at Mango's. Saimin tasted good, just like home, but the malasadas were sadly pre-done and were cold:( tasted okay, but nothing like Leonard's....ALOHA!!!
This is probably the BEST food truck that is going around in Las Vegas right now. Currently, this truck can be found on UNLV campus on Tuesdays and Wednesdays parked in front of the CBC-A building...this is where I always order food from them.

So far, there hasn't been a single thing that I have tried that I didn't enjoy.

I had the small bento box today and it was WICKED good. For $5, I got teriyaki chicken, white rice, fried noodles, and a slice of fried spam. Pretty good portion size too! 

I usually get the small Poki ($2.50) with a scoop of rice ($1), and that is even enough to fill you up if you're looking for a light lunch.

On the dessert side, the Malasadas are delicious.

The best part is that the guys who work the truck are SUPER nice as well. One day I had come up to the truck and they were out of small bento boxes, and bumped it up to a large free of charge. Talk about service!

Check these guys out soon! Some of the best Hawaiian in town!
Sorry, not impressed. Went here during the First Friday art walk. Shared a bento box with the fiance. He said spam tasted old, I thought chicken tasted old as well. Noodles was nothing special. We did not finish half of the bento box. No thanks, I will go to have Hawaiian food at Island Flavor instead.
I finally had a chance to try this at Vegas Streats festival. 

Even though it was busy and there was many trucks backed up into ridiculously long and non moving lines, Island Breeze did breeze through their line. In 5-10 minutes I ordered and after just 3 numbers called I got my order. 

Ahi Poke Asian Salad Wrap ($3)- the fish went really well with the sesame vinegrette, crunchy wontons and crunchy greens. Fresh, light and tasty. 

Kalua Pork Kimchee Wrap ($3) - kimchee was strong tasting so I didn't really taste the pork as much, but it was good homemade kimchee.

They're kinda like tacos, but the "wrap" has a whole wheat pita consistency than a tortilla. I think it works well, but I think it would be nice to have it a bit more heated for a better consistency. 

Overall, very good. Even though I didn't get to eat any other trucks because of the unorganized, chaotic lines, it was worth going to the festival to try this out. 

It's rarely near where I am but hopefully I can find this truck sooner than later to try more healthy Hawaiian.
Had this for lunch today. I was at 702 Raceway (Remote Control Cars/Trucks Race Track) and the announcer says in the loud speaker that the island truck was outside taking orders.. Hhhmmm never heard of that before, so of course I had to come see for myself or eat for myself!!

I got hungry after reading the "Breakfast Menu" - "We use egg substitute which has Lower Cholesterol"

Big Hawaiian: 2 Portuguese sausage, Spam, Kalua Pork, Fried Noodles (all that was left) and Scrambled Eggs. The sausage was better than most I've had and spam was good as any other. However the Kalua Pork was the Best I've had! Now, I've only had Kalua pork a few other times and they always tasted the same. Here it had a very mild smoked flavor, tender and not salty (a small cup filled with sea/rock salt is served on the side - addas you please, just how i like it!) Scrambled Eggs tasted no different than typical scrambled eggs (and healthier!), I think these were those Egg Beater types as mentioned previously. Last, the noodles were Great!!

I also got my favorite "Hawaiian Sun" beverage = Guava! *Slurp*!

Great Food, Service and Prices! I love island food and this truck is no exception!
The first time I tried Island Breeze, it was a quick snack between work and class and there the truck was - parked by UNLV's Lied Library.  I thought they were on campus Tuesdays and Wednesdays - got the santa fe wrap (whole wheat wrap with ahi poke and corn/black bean salsa) and it was a good little snack.

Yesterday I was starving after working 7 hours and before 6 hours of class, I noticed the truck on a Monday no less in its spot.  I was a bit stumped because the truck was out of ahi poke, brown rice, chicken teriyaki....so it was hard to make a decision.  I ended up getting a "mini" plate lunch with beef teriyaki, white rice (I asked for furikake) and the corn black bean salsa.  It was huge for a mini, and very filling.  The meat was tasty but tough, the rest was fine.  The guy taking orders was so patient with me, and I certainly appreciate that.  It was enough so I could sacrifice eating dinner and go to Yelp Drinks instead after class without food in my belly.
05/07/11 DUNCH. 

That ahi & kim chee taco was BRILLIANT. Was that ahi RAW? Man, it was SO beautiful.
First timer. Saw it here on yelp and had to try it cause it was gonna be at UNLV tuesday and wednesday.  Got the kalua pork wrap w/ island slaw for $3. When I first got my container I was like "what is this cute little thing?". First bite "ohh man this is good." it was the combination of slaw, kalua, pieces of crispy wonton, and some sauce that made it the BOMB. You gotta try this place. i'll be back for the kalua pork plate $8 w/ island slaw $2 and see if they can hook me up with the wonton pieces and sauce. my mouth is watering right now and they're already gone.  tomorrow's lunch definitely. 

I'd pay at least $3 bucks for this tasty wrap don't let the size fool you. I've seen burger/taco places offer less food  for $5.
As you all know, I'm a lover of Spam Musubi and Malasadas (Portuguese donuts). I tend to get cravings for these treats at First Friday for some reason. 

This food truck is a lifesaver. They even offer a box for 6 of those yummy malasadas. 

Being a lover of Hawaiian food however, I feel bad for not really ordering anything else from this place. Hey, I want something small and fast to eat as I walk all around The Arts District. 

Stay tuned. I'll write a more in depth review when I finally get an actual platter and not just an appetizer and dessert.
Being from Hawai'i I always like to support Hawaiian influenced businesses. 

I tried this truck once at the first downtown Streats event. Just cuz they had the shortest line. Service was ok. 

Food: was okay. I got the taco, and for $3 bucks it seems a bit steep for the size and taste of it. It's not something I would crave or track down the truck for.

I got a bag of malasadas too. They were pretty good, not bad. Warm and soft. which I liked!!! Cuz if I don't make'em at home I usually get them from the hula halaus that sell at Ho'olaule'a or other Hawaiian event.... theirs is usually cold. 

Mmmmmmmm... I want some malasadas now!
Good food. The potato salad is different than most places and very good. Try it even if you don't like potato salad.
Over the weekend I took my husband to the farmer's market to get some fresh fruits and veggies and I was excited to see the SnOw OnO truck when we pulled into the parking lot. I love snow cones and I love shaved ice even more....

For those of you scratching your head and thinking 'They are the same thing' no, they are not... Snow cones use crushed ice, shaved ice is much lighter/finer. Shaved ice is more snow like then a snow cone, despite the name... 

SnOw OnO sells three sizes of shaved ice and you can select up to 3 flavors from a plethora of different options. They also have some premade concoctions. My husband decided to try one of these, the Rasta Mon which was pineapple, lime and tiger's blood. I decided to get my own creation with watermelon, green apple and honeydew melon. I also had a light amount of the sour spray added to mine (the spray is an additional $.50). Remember warhead candies? That is what this sour spray is like. Makes your mouth pucker (like bitter beer face, haha) but still tastes so good.

We each got a small ($3) which was plenty for us to enjoy, and share. I had to try my husband's, both the pineapple and tiger's blood flavors were super good.  The person that helped us was very sweet, she gave us business cards so we can follow them on Twitter which I am definitely going to do so I can try more of the flavors...
Refreshing! Love, love, love their shave ice which can be topped with up to 3 flavors! I usually stick to the tropical flavors and tiger's blood. But it doesn't stop there cause once you hit the bottom theres the yummy ice cream and azuki beans on the bottom! They are usually located at the fresh 52 market on sundays on eastern x serene near the border of henderson. Its always a pleasure to see the ladies, chop it up with them and grab some shave ice, winter time or not!
If there's any local business worthy of an OMG, it's Snow Ono. Holy crap! I've been wanting to try them for the longest time. I'm so glad I finally made the trek down to the Fresh52 Farmer's Market on Sunday. It worked out perfectly because Sloppi Jo's was also there.

Snow Ono has so many flavors, it's overwhelming. I decided to entrust my order to Marianne. Her current favorite flavor combo is Melona, Lilikoi, and Lychee, with condensed milk drizzled over the top. Let me tell you. Snow Ono Shave Ice is REDONKULOUS! There really is nothing like it. Maybe I'm just not familiar with real Hawaiian shave ice, but this is as good as it gets IMHO.

My recurring sore throat had me ordering a small, but I can totally see myself scarfing down a large when the Vegas heat gets here. But I wouldn't wait if I were you. Track down Marianne and Roxanne and their magical snow bus and get some Snow Ono ASAP!
Have you ever had shaved ice? 

Me either.. until today and most definitely whoops the butt of any ice related dessert I have had in my life. 

There are 36 flavors and additional toppings such as condensed milk, sour spray, and azuki beans. They also offer sampling the flavors before you buy it, similar to when you buy gelato :). You can get up to 3 flavors for each order, which is great that they don't limit the flavors based on size. I had the melona and tiger's blood with condensed milk, and holy wow I don't know the origins of those flavors but mhmmm they're good. 

The shaved ice comes in four different sizes which are child, small, medium, large, and bowl. The sizes are really an understatement though, because every size is hugeeeee. I think it should be renamed medium, large, the small island, and the really big island. I think the child or small is great for individual and medium and up is big enough to share. 

I honestly don't know the difference between good shaved ice and GREAT shaved ice, but I know that the shaved ice from SnOw OnO delicately melts in your mouth very quickly like.. cotton candy.

When the weather warms up I can definitely see SnOw OnO being crazy busy because of their super value and its ONOlicious (ono means delicious).  SnOw OnO is usually found at farmer's market, such as Fresh 52, Bruce Trent park, and the Garden's Park. http://twitter.com/#!/SnOwONOShaveIce for more information :)
SnOw OnO  is so ono!  The best shave ice I've had was in Hawaii, with all the imitators here in Vegas selling "shave ice" that has the consistency of a snow cone: chunks of hard ice that doesn't allow the flavor syrups to seep in.  Marianne of SnOw Ono starts with a block of ice, and shaves it to a fresh snow-like consistency, which allows the syrups to soak into every bite and makes for a very pleasing consistency!

Speaking of syrups, there are plenty to choose from; 34 were listed on their menu today: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QOE93SXgKd8EsaUT-DaXhA?select=BooUS55rP6XFtxwKzPOgNA  There are several add ons that you can use to customize your shave ice, some free and some available for only an additional $0.50 or $1.00.  Today I went with a small Li Hing Mui with Li Hing Mui powder: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QOE93SXgKd8EsaUT-DaXhA?select=Gybt5eAcCrTM_VMPYnrD2w ; it was delicious!  Seriously, Marianne knows what she's doing (she's a self admitted shave ice addict, afterall!).  

Definitely a place to revisit.  Be on the lookout for SnOw OnO at the local farmers markets, especially Fresh52 every Sunday!
Where is the 6th star rating!?  Try the shaved ice with condensed milk. No regrets. Bowl was big enough for me and 4 friends. And for the price of 4 Washington bills, it is worth a gold crown of ice chips. Groovy!
I had a chance to try Sno Ono at 2nd Sundays at Hanshiktaco a couple of weeks ago. It was really yummy can't wait to take my husband. The servings are soo huge...even the kids size! I had the kids size with lychee, and cotton candy flavoring. The ice is like powder no ice chips here. I would like to try some of the add ons for next time!
Yummy!  Get the Marianne's special with ice cream.  It is just a combination of the syrups that Marianne likes that day and she has good taste!  But keep in mind the portion sizes are huge so get a small or even the kids size.  You won't regret it!  She has a great caramel sauce if you are feeling adventurous.
Haven't seen Marianne or Roxanne since my UYE at Sin City Sushi a few months ago, It is because thet have been hella busy servin' up THE BEST AND ONLY SHAVE ICE IN TOWN!

Coming from the island of Waiola, Matsumotos, and Island Snow, SnOw OnO tastes just like home! After lunch at Mint and some fun at The Pinball Hall of Fame, We finally tracked SnOw OnO down on Lake Mead next to that stand that serves so-called Korean style tacos.

Over 30 flavors to choose from with sweet toppings and add-ons,Wifey got cola, lime, and POG(Passion-Orange-Guava) with ice cream and a snow cap. I kept it simplemand got Banana with ice cream and a snow cap. It was SOOOOO good, that I even forgot to take a picture of my shave ice!

Thanks again SnOw OnO for bringing a little of home to Las Vegas. Oh yeah, Congrats Marianne on your little"bun in the oven"....,ALOHA!!!
I love SnOw OnO! So many flavors, perfect texture, and awesome service. The best dessert value in Las Vegas!
Forget about the snow cones you had as a child, because these mountains of powdery ice shavings trump anything you have ever had. I first had one at the StrEAT food festival. I was not impressed with the event because being downtown is not particularly enjoyable for me. Usually my gripe is about the parking, but that night, it was about the long waits for most trucks and lack of information given to guests.

Snow Ono was the saving grace of that food festival. After waiting in a few lines only to be told that they ran out of food when we got to the front, the girls here were awesome. They took our order, smiled, made small chit chat, and had that warm Hawaiian aura that I love.

On top of that, there product is like eating fresh powder snow. Their tiger's blood is my favorite flavor. They allow you to customize your snow cone with three flavors and a variety of extras. Some of these include mochi bites, azuki beans, ice cream, and caramel drizzle. 

They have so many different types of syrups that you would not be able to try them all unless you stalk them. Sugar free is also an option for a few of their syrups.
Very nice owner! Great choices! First tried them at the StrEAT festival-long line and wanted to scream but it was worth it!  Now they are always near my work-score! I like the melona and tiger's blood the most. Sadly I can not have sugar and so I am looking forward to trying the good recipe for sugar free! :) Thanks!! :)
the ONLY shave Ice I have ever had that tastes like it does in Hawaii. So many places TRY and make it right but it never actually is. THIS PLACE does it right!! Wedding cake was my favorite flavor! mmm mmmmmmm
It gets expensive to fly to Oahu to go to Matsumoto's Shaved Ice.  Thankfully now I can just follow them on Twitter and drive 15-20 mins to get some great shaved ice.

They have alot of the great toppings - condensed milk, azuki red beans, and ice cream.  We got the Tiger's blood and it was great.

I can understand giving 5 stars because there aren't many shaved ice options in Vegas and it is still very, very good, but to me the ice didn't have the consitency of Matsumoto's....maybe it is the water or the machine they use...I have no clue.

Nevertheless, this place is awesome - I'll be back.
Thank you finally for having Shave Ice in the mainland that is Ono, it was great to understand her story and also the catering was amazing they give you chok' scoops of ice and flavah baggah was unreal and was dakine go fo brok' da mouth....catch them wheavah the stay in vegas like that one manapua man you have to find cuz they get the best kine stuff...chee hee Mahalo...
Perfectly refreshing on a beautiful spring day.  Yesterday, I stopped by the Hanshiktaco Stand, and was so excited to see SnOw OnO there too! And the line wasn't bad compared to what I have read in other reviews. 

It took me five minutes just to read all of the flavor choices, but I went with what I was familiar with. Lychee and Mango with a drizzle of condensed milk.  Woooooohooooo!
Upon first spoonful, I was transported back to Hawaii. The mountain of powder was like a spoonful of silk at every bite. It is NOT a snow cone at all. It is a lil piece of heaven. 

A small is only $3 and their version of small is huge!  I can't wait to try other flavors (wedding cake, dreamsicle, strawberry cheesecake) and toppings!  I wonder where they will be today...
Let's get on to confusions first. This is NOT a snowcone! There is a DIFFERENCE! 

Snowcones is like snow, rougher, uneven pieces of ice because you use the machine to crush ice into small pieces. It's kinda crunchier pieces and doesnt hold syrup as well. Shave(d) Ice is finer fluffy ice and comes from shaving off fluff from a block of ice. It holds syrup better so you get full flavor in every bite and melts the flavor into your mouth like how cotton candy would. 

They're the only shave ice in town, but I think I could still say it's the best. There are so many syrup flavors to choose from so there is something for everyone and they're the real deal, shipped from Hawaii syrups. There are a few sugar free options too (the consistency of the ice slightly changes with that syrup- but still amazing for those who can't do sugar!). You can pick up to 3 flavors and a "snowcap" of either chocolate, caramel or condensed milk syrup on top. Premium toppings can be added on: vanilla ice cream, azuki beans, li hing mui powder, mochi bits. 

The sizes are generous- a small ($3) is way more than enough for me. Vanilla ice cream ($1 more) and condensed milk is a must! My favorite flavors so far are: melon, rosewater, green tea, POG (passionfruit, orange, guava mix), lychee.

Can't beat the quality, generous portions and variety for the price.

Customer service is really good and friendly. Yes, I know the ladies through the Yelp so I may be biased a bit, but really- they're always so nice! What Hawaiian business isn't about hospitality though?!!

It's getting hot so come and cool down with something Ono!!!
Great shave ice and a way more selections than I have ever seen. Apparently shave is hard to find in Vegas after it being easily available in Seattle. This brings back a lot of summer memories as a kid. The perfect summer treat and I cannot wait to chase this place down in the summer. I only had a basic shave ice with 3 flavors and sour spray; it was great and I can't wait to try a shave ice with ice cream next time. The girls in the truck are pretty hot too so they defiantly draw you in.
better than the ones i had in Hawaii.  IT IS NOT A SNOW CONE
I was lucky enough to have the Snow Ono truck in my 'hood two weekends in a row at Lee's Discount Liquor on Lake Mead, next to HanshikTaco.  Last Sunday, the line for the shave ice was long and I waited at least half an hour for my order; yesterday was much shorter, but it doesn't really matter--it's worth the wait!  Anyone who has had shave ice in Hawaii knows that it's nothing like a snow cone--the consistency is much finer and the taste that much better.  The ladies who run the truck always have smiles on their faces and treat each customer with respect and appreciate each one's patience.  This second time around I ordered a small with Tiger's Blood, Banana, mochi bits, and condensed milk--I was sad to see the bottom of the cup!  All that happiness for only $3.50--I can already see this becoming a weekly addiction that I will not be ashamed of.  Aloha!
i am really shocked at how many people have reviewed snow ono. These girls are always sweethearts and serve up one hell of an addiction. You can always find out where they are gonna be by following their twitter account. my son really loves the snow cones here. and me well i would not be giving them a five star if the product they were offering was not legit. stay thirsty my friends!
Any shave ice shop that offers a delicious Tiger Blood flavor, is "winning!" in my eyes. 

After seeing this place as the #1 "Resturaunt" on Yelp this morning, I hurried out to find something edible for lunch in the area and then hopped on over to the girls in the SnOw OnO truck.

One word: YUM. Alongside Tiger Blood, I also tried Wedding Cake and Cotton Candy. Absolutely delicious. Wedding Cake is especially good with the sweetened condensed milk they suggested - although I chose not to have them coat the whole thing as it was fairly hot today and to me, milk doesn't mix well with heat.

Their unusual toppings are also something I've never seen offered before, possibly because the only exposure I have had to shave ice has been at the occasional half-assed summer festival in Vegas. I chose mochi bits for $.50, but I was intrigued by the sour spray they offer as a free add-on. The cups they give you are adorable as well - very reminiscent of flower petals and fit in my cup holder just fine.

On top of the outstanding shave ice, the service was incredible - I can't tell you how many times I was told "Thank you for coming" and asked questions about how I liked what I ordered, how I heard about them, etc. -- and offered to add more syrup or toppings if I liked. The service alone would be enough to be a repeat customer of a mediocre shave ice shop, however luckily they are stellar in every way possible.

I will definitely be going back and recommending it to my friends. GO NOW! You won't regret it.
Yummy. This is a new favorite!! The texture of the shaved ice is so fluffy and light. There are so many flavors to choose from. The tigers blood is so good!!! A mixture of strawberry and watermelon I think. Get the condensed milk on the top...makes it so creamy. Too bad they don't come close to my house but so worth the drive. The small is huge by the way, and you can get three flavors in each bowl.
I have been to Snow Ono twice. I have greatly enjoyed my shaved ice both times. Both times I gt Tiger's blood on half and one other flavor (one time strawberry the other time cherry), azuki beans, and li hing mui powder. It's sooo good. Not sure how to describer li hing mui powder other than a flavor-enhancer/umami. I tend to accidentally in hale some of it when I eat my shaved ice which makes me cough, but still really like it.
If u know shave ice -- and I mean, shave ice..like da kine from Hawaii (pidgeon coming out) -- then, you know that this is LEGIT!!!!!

Ice is suuuuuuuuuuper soft. Not no ice chunks or bits but, just melts in your mouth goodness. 

And they have the best flavors! 
Just to name a few: POG (passion orange guava), horchata (with cinnamon sprinkled on there), wedding cake, king's cake, AND tiger's blood. HAHA #WINNING

This stuff is perfect for the Summer heat we about to have in Vegas. And something I could still prolly go for in Winter.
I am so glad that there is a Hawaiian shaved ice truck here in Las Vegas.  Going to food truck gatherings, especially when the weather is getting warm, it is a godsend to be able to hit up the SnOw OnO Shave Ice truck and order a bowl (largest size available) of shaved ice to cool your insides.

For those that are not familiar with SnOw OnO, you can order up to 3 different flavors for your shaved ice out of their menu of 30+ flavors.  You also have different add-ons that can be selected for free (sour spray, condensed milk, plum powder, etc) and others you can upgrade with for a nominal price (scope of vanilla ice cream $1, red beans, mochi bits) to customize your shaved ice into your personal favorite.

My favorite flavors thus far are lilikoi, lychee, and mango.  But you should try whatever flavors that catches your eyes or ask the lovely ladies of SnOw OnO to make something up for you.

Tips:  At food truck gatherings, try to hit up SnOw OnO early, as the line can get pretty long on hot days.  If the line is long, place your order, go get some food from another truck and come back to wait for your order to be made.  No need to stand around in line waiting for your number to be called.

Service:  5/5  Always service with a smile.

Taste:  5/5  Yes, it is flavored syrup on shaved ice, but it is real shaved ice!
I love this place!  They have so many different flavors and the price is really reasonable.  I like to order mine with ice cream.  The only gripe I have is that they haven't figured out how to be more efficient and often I have waited 45 minutes for my shaved ice after I've ordered.
I'm definitely not a shaved ice expert, but one thing I do know, is this stuff is tasty and goes oh so well with tequila :) A few weeks ago I attended a meetup at Lee's Discount Liquor for Tacos & Tequila. There were 6 different tequilas to taste, but no chasers :0 So after my first taste I was about to go inside Lee's to solve the issue and then I saw SnOw OnO, my savior. I got a small pineapple and tossed in a couple tiny shots of tequila and BINGO, YUMMY! Next time I'm going to have to try the Tiger's Blood (which they named before the Charlie Sheen incident) and I guess I'll have to bring my own tequila :)))
Great food truck!  Shave ice as good as Hawaii.  Heck, they even offer sweetened condensed milk on top and azuki beans as an add-on.  They also offer a bunch of great flavors.  My personal favorite is Tiger's Blood (not made from real tigers).  The ladies are also great at helping you decide on flavor combinations and additions.  The bad part is that it IS a food truck so you have to hunt them down, but that's also part of the fun!
I had my first experience with SnOw OnO today at the fresh52 farmer's market and I was amazed. Great flavor, perfect shaved ice, and great value. Can't wait to come back!
This may be the best shaved ice in the Las Vegas valley.  

I have been looking for a place that has really good shaved ice in Las Vegas after trying the Get Shaved Ice truck in the Los Angeles area.  I haven't been to Hawaii yet, so I can't really comment on the authenticity of it, but from what I tasted, I hope I won't be disappointed when I do go to Hawaii.

The quality of the shaved ice is as good as it gets.  It is like powdery snow, and melts in your mouth almost instantaneously, unlike some of the iced chipped imitation "shaved ice".

They have a lot of flavors to choose from as well as some combo items if you can't pick just one flavor.  The price is pretty reasonable and the portions are pretty big.

The workers are really friendly and their service matches their personality.  I am definitely looking forward to following this truck as the summer season in Las Vegas is approaching and this type of treat will be needed.
Saw that the shave ice truck was going to be at Fresh 52 Farmers Market so I  headed on over there. It was busy afternoon for sure but I was willing to wait cause oh how I miss shaved ice from Hawaii!

Service - Excellent! They treat you like Ohana! 

 When I ate that first spoonful I'm telling you, Sno Ono didn't disappoint.  This is da real thing! Powdery soft melt in your mouth take you back to da islands kinda shave ice.   I was happy to see they had Lychee! So I had Lychee, Blue Hawaiian and Guava w/ condensed milk and not a small cup,  not the large one, but the bowl!   Oh so ONOlish!
Well alrighty. So we were yelping this truck all week at work to see when it was gonna be closer for us and we were def. excited when we went. Lil farmers market up in summerlin side and i must say im impressed. The staff here was suuper friendly and very quick. As busy as they might be theres still very quick with there orders not to mention there shave ice is awesome. They have a TON of flavors and if your unsure of what some of the flavors are they will gladly explain any questions you may have. The prices are very fair and the portions are good sized.

Coming from hawaii, shave ice is a staple for snacks after a long day hiking or at the beach so coming here to LV it was nice to find flavors of home.
THE BEST SHAVE ICE IN THE LAS VEGAS!!! Its just like hawaii shave ice!! They have lots of flavors u can choose from!! Also different kind of tops too!! The Best service!! Love the girls who work there!! Not to be mistake for a snow cone with is crushed ice!! LOVE THIS LITTLE BUS!!! SNOW ONO U THE BEST!! WHOO HOO
Makes me feel like I'm in Hawaii again.  The best shave ice in the mainland.  All others should be considered snow cones, psssh knockoffs!  Lol.  Like in say most of my favorite food trucks, I wish they came to the southwest area at least once a week.  

Ono fa'sho!
Im fairly new to the food truck scene but OMG! Im totally addicted and cant get over how happy me and the family are with finding this truely amazing truck!! Not only is the customer service fantastic but the shave ice (with vanilla ice cream underneath) melts in your mouth. They offer a wide range of syrups, toppings, and even like I said before the vanilla ice cream under all the yummy goodness! We frequent the truck Tues & Fridays now...its now my hubbys goal to try everything on the menu at least once!LOL I just cant say enough about the friendly service and wonderful shave ice!! Now what are you waiting for?? Go out and find Snow Ono you most def wont be disappointed!
Caught these guys at Food Truck Fest 2 and they were delicious!  A relief from the heat in the Costco lot and with flavors like Wedding Cake and Creamsicle I was in love.  Plus, muy cheap!
I drove all the way across town during my week in Vegas just to try this shaved ice place out. We caught up with them at a little farmer's market and I got a bowl with coconut, watermelon, and cotton candy. It was good, but definitely not the best I've ever had. Still glad I drove over to try it out.
Just had to try this place out yesterday. Back home in Atlanta, we had a few trucks and shops that sold New Orleans style snowballs, amazing treats of shaved ice and syrup. :) 
I had pretty much despaired of finding anything similar this far away, but I heard about Snow Ono. I messaged them and they said yes, this is pretty much the same thing. 
I finally managed to drag my boyfriend out of the house yesterday to go try it, and yes, it's just about the same! Snow Ono has made a VERY happy southern girl. 
We tried the green tea and the dreamcycle. My boyfriend thought the green tea just a little too sweet, but I loved it, and the dream cycle as well. Next time we're getting the small though, large is massive!
I discovered this place during my trips to the Fresh52 Farmer's Market (Eastern & Silverado Ranch area).  Love it!  There is always a line and for good reason!  The prices are great, the sizes are HUGE, and the ladies are always nice (note: if there are guys that work here too I am sorry! I have only ever seen ladies).

Why 4 instead of 5?  Sometimes it can be a little slow even if there is not a line.  Come on - it's shaved ice and you have a machine!  But other than that, wonderful wonderful wonderful.

What to order: Kids' size coconut with condensed milk.  I think this is $2?  It's wonderful and I barely finish each time because their portions are so huge.

P.S. - Be careful of patrons who buy this and do not watch themselves (or their delicious shaved ice!).  I have stepped in many a sticky spot near the truck due to this.  -:(
We love these girls and we love their shaved ice!

SnOw OnO has been on our radar since the first mention of their truck and we finally got around to trying them a few months ago!  Boy, are we glad we did!

For the Husband and I, we usually share a large with ice cream added.  Our favorite flavors are POG (Passion, Orange, Guava), Mango, Tiger's Blood, and Melona.  But there are still so many we have yet to try! They use those plastic flower cups (that are recyclable) that are often used in Hawai'i.  We think their version is powdery soft, just like Waiola's!  

They have about 40 (give or take) flavors of syrups to choose from and you're allocated three for your shaved ice choice.  They also have sugar-free varieties too!

Customer service - these girls are super nice!  Not only do they do their best to remember you, but they make a point to thank you for coming by again and again.  (And you actually feel like they really mean it too!)  On our first visit, they made sure we had enough syrup for our shaved ice and if we didn't, to let them know so they could add more.  

This the real deal here!  No snow cone action!  Just real island style shaved ice!  The President would be proud!  If he can't make it home and has to stay on the mainland, he knows where to go now!  This truck will be waiting!

Prices:
Kids size $2
Small $3
Large $4
Bowl $5

$1 extra for ice cream, mochi, or azuki beans
Free for snow cap with condensed milk, chocolate, caramel, sour spray, or li hing powder. 

Check out their website for their weekly schedule.  For the most part, they are pretty steady on certain days, but private and special events mix it up a bit!
Ok, I've only had it once, but I'm hooked!

Like everyone says, its not a gross snow cone.  Its shaved ice.  Almost like snow... like good packing snow.  (if you're from the Midwest, you know what I am talking about!)

I had a small (which was enough for 2 people!).  I had strawberry and melona (honeydew melon) with ice cream on the bottom and a snow cap.  A snow cap is condensed milk.  Total price: $5.

I placed my order and waited about 15-20 minutes for the tasty treat.  There were a TON of families that placed like 6 orders at a time.  I didn't mind as I walked around to the other trucks- Tasty Bunz, LuLu's and Grouchy John's just to see what they had going on.

I heard my number called and went to the window.  Sure with the red and green color my shaved iced was screaming MERRY CHRISTMAS and who cares- it was DELICIOUS!  I ate the entire thing, minus two bites that my husband was able to get in.  I definitely enjoyed this shaved ice and am excited to track them down again!
I got the chance to try this place out at the Vegas Streats event last week. Its was more than I expected. Its not just shaved ice, its a cool, silky, flavor adventure. Its like they are serving clouds plucked straight out of the sky on a cool winter afternoon. When I took the first bite, it was like I bit into a York Peppermint Patty, and I had the sensation I was skiing down Mt. Charleston in some board shorts. Seriously though, this place is awesome. Try all the flavors. I sure am going to try to.
Nothing bad to say, cheap snowcones and whatever you want you get it!! Mmmmm good with this Las Vegas hot weather!!
We (me, my hubby and our 7 year old) love these ! Truth be told I a a Crystal Light Slurpee whore and my goodness if these came with sugar-free falvors I would find them daily...  However we manage about one a week and I tend to take a spoonful of my daughters...
SO YUMMY!
Ya it's super delicious, like eating a frozen sweet cloud. The secret is to get it covered in condensed milk, try peach with condensed milk, tastes like those gummy peach rings, but better.

They cater too, we had them come and park outside our house for our baby shower and it was a very reasonable price and was a huge crown pleaser.   

Oh ya they are extremely friendly too.  

Expect to wait a bit, the ice is shaved by hand, but it's worth it.
So yesterday I decided to treat myself. Just because it was a Wednesday...oh and it was 108 degrees outside and I was melting away. I knew I wanted my treat myself with something fruity and ice cold. So one thing came to mind.

SnOw OnO! 

What a great choice indeed. Such a choice I would high five myself. SnOw OnO is a truck full of pure 808 shaved ice deliciousness. I was hesitant to try SnOw OnO because Hawaiian Shaved Ice is possibly my favorite thing to eat when I am in Hawaii. SnOw OnO did not disappoint! I got the Onolicious (strawberry, blue Hawaiian, pineapple) with a snow cap on top. Whats a snow cap you ask? It is sweet condensed milk splashed on top of your shaved ice.  Don't knock it till you try it my friends.

They also have excellent customer service. I accidentally ordered a large which is practically like size of my head ( they are gracious with their servings.) and I knew it was too big for one girl to eat I asked to go down a size and with their positive aloha attitude  told me it was no problem and gave me a refund for he large I originally bought and made my shaved ice with a smile and sent me with away with a happy look on my face and nice "mahalo."

 Now I will give you this tip. SnOw OnO has a big following so don't be surprised if you wait 30 mins for a delicious cool treat. I'll tell you though it is definitely worth the wait.
Yum!! Best shaved ice ever! I've stopped at this truck a few times, and get the same flavor, Wedding Cake. It is amazing. They sure do give you a lot for the price. 3 bucks for a small is a great deal!! The small, isn't small, it is the perfect size. Maybe next time when I catch them out I will try a different flavor!
YUM I love Snow Ono. The girls are super cool and sweet! Their shaved ice is definitely different from the ones I am used to having. Instead of crunchy and chunky ice, its pure snow... super soft!!!  They also have tons of flavors and not are overpowering with sugar. Marianne, the owner, really takes pride in her shaved ice. Although it made take some waiting, its worth it, especially when its like over 100 degrees outside! My favorite is the horchata, king cake, lilokoi, and orange dreamsicle..... oh so many to choose from!!!!!! 

Great job ladies!!!! Love you Marianne & Roxanne!!!!
My experience started this way:

45 seconds, bicycle crunches,
45 seconds, inch worms,
Sprint to the line
......etc, etc.

You got it, I was in boot camp at 6pm with 100-degree, "dry" heat.  What better way to wet my whistle at 7 than Snow Ono Shaved Ice that just happened to be in the same park?

With probably 30+ flavors and free mix-ins, like condensed milk and caramel syrup (ice cream is extra), Snow Ono is a divine experience.

I had the amply-sized small for $4 with Watermelon, Lime and Blue Hawaii.  What came out looked like a colored mess of goodness not that different from an ordinary snow cone, but what I tasted was anything but a snow cone.  You can't compare it with any other shaved ice and syrup experience because, unlike the Slurpee, Slushee, Icee or Snow Cone, the ice is so fine that the syrup forms an almost non-Newtonian fluid with it - stable enough that I could drive, but instantly liquid in the mouth.  Unlike the others as well, the shaved ice and syrup are so perfectly blended that you never get to the bottom and find unflavored ice.  What you do get is a little bit of crusty ice around the edges that adds a different texture and adds to the refreshment overall.

I certainly look forward to next Wednesday's Boot Camp because until then I'll only have water to cool me down.
I am a "snow cone" snob.  I grew up in Hawaii where we call it shave ice because it is quite literally ice shaved so thin it's like snow.  There is a significant textural difference between what people perceive snow cones to be and what shave ice is.  The texture of the ice and the flavor of the syrup really makes a difference!  Having lived in Vegas for over 10 years I have been unable to find anything that matches the beloved Matsumotos and Aokis from the North Shore of Hawaii.

Until now.

Snow Ono is incredible!  I had heard there was a Hawaiian shave ice truck here in Vegas and immediately had to find out the who, what, where, when.  Following her on Twitter makes it easy to figure out where the truck is and when at any given time.

The shave ice is the bomb!  It comes in four sizes - Kiddie, Small, Large, and Bowl.  You can choose up to 3 flavors - there are over 30 to choose from including local favorites POG, Li Hing Mui, and Lilikoi.  Ice cream, azuki beans and mochi are extra but there are free toppings such as sweetened condensed milk (snow cap), Li Hing Mui powder, and a sour spray.  The price is very reasonable considering the portions are incredible - we have had the Large $5 and the Small $4.  

Long story short - they make onolicious shave ice and I will be seeking them out this hot Vegas summer!
A fantastical experience for your sweet buds!  

I haven't had this since the Truck Fest at Costco.  Just stumbled upon it on, YELP, of course.  Now I gotta hit up the farmer's market TONIGHT so I can get me some.  (Stalker mode on.)
This place tastes amazing. Youd be crazy not to try it. Smooth and flavorful, totally worth it!! 

Try condensed milk topping.... excellent on anything!!
This is Vegas, where the shade is 127 degrees celsius and people burst into flames when the sun comes out. OK, maybe it's not *that* hot, but let's face it, even the nights are hot and, the past few days, humid! Ugh!

SnOw OnO is a welcome treat from the heat. Great for adults, kids, and the kids inside our heads; it's a cool way to cool off!

The flavors run the gamut and go from fruity to tart to sweet and creamy. Mix them up and add a topping or two for even more variety (the condensed milk reminds me of snow cones in Austin!)! Keep in mind that they change things up to keep it fresh, so keep an eye out for new flavors and old favorites. My current favorite is blackberry, mango and a little coconut with the condensed milk topping. A bit of happiness for 80 percent of the taste buds!

The portions are huge and the staff are friendly, even when faced with a crowd (we've had a 30 minute wait before, that's how amazing they are!) of hot, melty patrons.
The line was long as hell, But that was due to the Vegas Streatz event. Now on to the review. After the 30 min wait i finally got to enjoy My large Strawberry Shortcake with the condensed milk. Ohhh How thee was so delicious on a warm semi muggy night. The girls check to make sure you ordered the right thing once your number is called. And NO ITS NOT A Snow Cone. This is much more classier and upscale. Hopefully we shall meet again.
I had my first experience with Snow Ono today and it will NOT be the last.  It was so yummy and refreshing.
Finally FINALLY had a chance to sample shave ice, the oh-so-elusive icy treat...at least in my eyes.  Shave ice, not shaveD ice, is the connoisseur's Slurpee....powdery ice that is the receptacle for all kinds of lovely flavoured syrups....melts in your mouth and sometimes all over your hands!  Portions are generous: kiddie size for $3, small for $4, large for $5, and a bowl for $6.  One can choose 3 flavoured syrups from a list of 30+ and top one's ice with free toppings.  I had a simple and elegant :) cherry and grape small shave ice and my husband had the "spicy mamacita," an adventurous blend of mango, tamarind, sour spray, and chile con limon (pepper flakes).  Aloha FLAVOUR.  I loved how each mouthful was flavoured ice and not ice that tried to have flavour (a la snow cones with their huge -- by comparison -- chunks of ice).  A perfect way to cool off in the Vegas heat.
OHHHHHH EMMMMMMM GEEEEEEE..I finally had SnOw OnO about 3 weeks ago when they came to my job..Not only did I get a lil quick break from work, but it was soooo DEELISH! It's now one of my favorite things. The strawberry shortcake w/condensed milk and mochi is beyond words. 5 Stars doesn't even describe how great it is! They should get the ultimate stars!! I'm hooked!
I cannot stress enough how friendly these girls are! Being from an islander culture myself, it was such a breath of fresh air to have stateside hospitality. 

In addition to their beautiful spirits, the shave ice was out of this world!!! 

I had the Upside-down (pineapple, vanilla & coconut w/condensed milk) & it was delectable. The consistency of the ice is what makes it so amazing. It's not chunky - super fine & fluffy like a cloud of ice. It's powdery almost - imagine biting into actual snow. Also, the consistency allows the flavoring to permeate all of the ice. I'm sure you've had a traditional snow cone that runs out of flavor quickly due to the syrup being watered down by the large chunks of ice. This is absolutely not the case with this shaved ice - the flavor is never compromised by the ice & there are so many flavor combinations to choose from. 

The shaved ice I'm accustomed to from the Virgin Islands is called fraco. It's delicious, but the ice isn't as fine as SnO OnO's because it's actually shaved by hand. 

I am so elated to have found this place! Fraco is one of the main things I craved from St. Thomas, but was never able to have it here in Vegas. Now, I'm able to have an even better version of island flavor on the mainland! (please understand the previous statement is very strong because islanders are wicked loyal to their roots - SnOw OnO is THAT awesome!) 

I look forward to trying all of the different flavors & I'll definitely be stalking this truck on a regular basis! Maholo :-D
This was my first experience with a shaven ice truck anywhere and boy did it ever live up to it's name!! It didn't taste like any ordinary shaven ice but more like shaven-ICE-cream! For my first experience I tried a kid size (which was huge) half dreamsicle, half tigersblood topped with condensed milk and mochi bites. It was delicious!!! Wait did I mention I drove to the other side of town (from Henderson to summerlin) to meet them at the farmers market and waited in line for 30mins!!! Well worth it though and a perfect summertime treat ;D
Discovered this little truck during the Vegas StrEATS fest and it did NOT disappoint!  The wait was like 45 minutes, but so worth it.

This isn't snow cone land, the ice consistency is smooth and sleek. It's a different texture.

The Large is $5 and the Regular is $4.

You can choose up to 3 flavors per Shave Ice. They have approximately 30+ flavors to choose. From classics like cherry and bubblegum (regular and blue) to traditional Hawaii flavors, to several types of cakes. 

Some add ons like ice cream and sour spray and other stuff I don't recall are only .50 to $1 to add. Condensed milk is free (if you've never had condensed milk on a snowy treat, do it; you are welcome). 

They have a Twitter so you can find them on the go and webpage they update! Definitely check it out. One of the cheapest and tastiest ways to beat the Summer heat in Vegas!
Just deliciously smooth and flavorful, there isn't much more to say about this place because it's uncomparable to any competition out here in Vegas. Definitely give it a shot and don't forget the condensed milk on top of the soft pillows of ice.
Mind boggling choices of flavors. But they are all good! Mix and match and prepare for brain freeze!  Perfect now that the weather is HOT!  Nice and friendly people. Not snow cones as most of you from the mainland are familiar with.  The ice is shaved meaning a blade actually shaves a block of ice.  This leaves the texture more fluffy and holds the syrup more efficiently so it doesn't  sink all to the bottom.
It's ((((('SnOw jOke!')))))  There's ice here in the desert!  Yessssah!  We couldn't believe it either until we stumbled upon SnOw OnO Shave Ice Truck, right here in our neighborhood!  We hit up Summerlin Farmer's Market at Gardens Park a couple of Tuesdays ago, and there it was...gleaming in all its icy cold beauty...the shave ice food truck!  We couldn't believe our eyes!  It had dawned on my husband that this was the very shave ice truck that his colleague had mentioned a few days earlier.  We had to try their ice.

Sure enough, as the guy in the truck puts it, their ice is shaved most similar to Waiola's.  I'd say they are very similar to Koko Nuts in Koko Marina too!  The kids had their usual, rainbow flavahz, strawberry (or cherry), banana, and vanilla, while my husband and I tried their blood orange and mango, a favorite also of one of the ladies in the truck.  Shaved ever so delicately, their ice melts in your mouth faster than it can in this 100+ heat!  Their syrups selection is great!...too much for me to remember.  I guess we will have to return again, and again, and again...!

The truck staff is uber friendly and their service is exemplary of how a small shave ice business should run itself here in this desert heat!  It's good to know that they strive for the best and most friendly service (that I have ever experienced), despite the known fact that it's way too easy for just about anyone to lure heat-stroked customers with just sweet, sweet thirst-quenching shave ice!  SnOw OnO just does it all with their service with a smile!  (^_^)*

Mahalo SnOw OnO for your friendly island service!!!  We will see you again soon!  \\m//
Best shaved ice ever.  Nothing like the usual snow cones with the crunchy ice that loses flavor.  This stuff just melts in your mouth and I seriously will drive across town just to eat it.  They come in really big sizes so the small is definitely enough for 1 or 2 people.
I recently checked out the Food Truck Festival in Las Vegas and was delighted this truck made an appearance.  The title of the truck alone clued me in these folks were the real mccoy.  Having dated a girl from Hawaii, I learned that Hawaiians call it shave ice, not shaved ice, although the grammatical inconsistency still baffles me.  I guess one could argue popcorn should be popped corn, but I digress...  The other word I learned is that ono means "delicious" in Hawaii, although it may as well be your last words when you realize you've already eaten the entire bowl and there's none left (Oh Nooooooooo!!!). 

It's the perfect dessert for the vegas summer since it is refreshingly sweet and they have a million combinations ranging from tropical (mango and lychee) to the decadent (wedding cake, red velvet) to the bizarre (afraid of what "Tiger Blood" tastes like).  I went with the lychee shave ice and added some mochi balls and azuki beans.  The ice is definitely velvety smooth without the choppiness of snow cones and they managed to distribute the syrup evenly throughout the bowl so that every bite is consistent.  Mochi balls had the right amount of chew for contrast in texture and azuki beans added some depth and color.   Sweet condensed milk and vanilla ice cream were other options, but I was already dangeously close to approaching a diabetic coma, so my only recommendation would be to request them to go easy on the syrup, but then again, my sweet tooth is a bit on the subtle side.
This is the best SHAVE ICE ever.  It's important to note that this is not snow cones.  It's better.  It's shave ice and it holds the flavors better.  

I hired the truck to come to my kids birthday party and it was a smashing hit.  All the kids loved it.  I'll definitely be using them again for another party soon.
It was good, much less syrup would have made it great and not having to wait 30 minutes after we ordered it to finally eat it would have been a huge plus!!!
I love Snow Ono Shave Ice!!! They have a lot of flavors and the ice melts in your mouth. I keep coming back for more.
Had some SnOw OnO again for dessert at the Ellis Island Hatch Chile Roast, and this time, I decided to be adventurous and go for their special event flavors-Mango Hatch Chile and Cherry Hatch Chile.

Marianne and Roxanne weren't there(She's due VERY SOON!) but Marianne's husband was holding it down in the SnOw OnO bus with a few new faces.

Back to the Shave Ice, The mango reminded me of the mango candy coated with chile powder you find in the latin markets, and the cherry barely tasted like cherry, but the chile snuck up from behind and warmed up my lips. The texture of the chile made it kinda difficult to really permeate the shave ice like their other flavored syrups do, but no worries, I enjoyed a root beer slush after I ate the syrup covered parts...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE(17/365) "Hawaiian Shave Ice"
Been anticipating to try this Shave Ice that many rave about... It was a humid night at Tommy Rocker's and instead of trying this first... we saved it until the very end. It was close to midnight when we ordered a large Tiger Blood, Horchata, and Lychee flavored shaved ice with add ons of mochi bits, ice cream, and condensed milk. Half way of making our order we were told they ran out of ice cream and received a refund for that. We were crushed by the news, since I was told by a great food source that I must get these flavors with mochi bits, condensed milk and the ice cream. Quite disappointed, but what can you do.. I know... try this truck first, then go eat the other food trucks next time.

My brother was ecstatic as can be when he first took a bite of this shaved ice. Actually he was head over balls for it! He shouted out and into the truck... "this is the Best! I'm so happy to be here!!!" He claims the taste was still great without the ice cream and for the musky weather.. it was perfect to have one of these to cool off your senses. I took a bite of each flavor and they taste true to its name. Horchata was wonderful and felt like I was actually having one, but with shaved ice. They even sprinkle cinnamon on top, like the real thing! Lychee was refreshing and with the bite of smooth, velvety shaved ice.. it was definitely a real, juicy treat. Now for the name Tiger Blood... the color was a fiery red and the taste... well I honestly couldn't describe it, but it was good. It didn't have a strong bite to it, but you can definitely taste it. I just love the color! The mochi bits gave the shaved ice some excitement and texture... they were fresh and soft. I enjoyed the slight marshmallow feel, it gave in my mouth.

After taking a few bites... I thought out loud that this is a lot and attempted to take the rest home, so my Mother could try it. So I took off and with my right hand holding the shaved ice and the other on the steering wheel.. I almost did an illegal left turn on Dean Martin Dr., but on the corner of my eyes, I saw a bike cop... so braked and changed my signal to right. Bike cops are notorious to pulling you over for anything and everything, so beware!!! So I turned right and got in the middle lane to make a u-turn, but wasn't successful in completing it.. I literally had to reverse then turn my steering wheel then put it back to drive to make the u-turn.. All while holding this shaved ice cone haha I had five cars racing down like mad bulls my way and I maneuvered everything just in time to not get hit by one. Thank goodness I'm both handed!!! Dashing away and looking like Statue of Liberty, I finally made it home to give my Mother the shaved ice that was still intact and not melted. She loved it! 

This Hawaiian shaved ice concept is such a brilliant idea to have... especially in the hot summer nights and after a long, hard day at work. We were all pleased with this delightful, powdery ice dessert. They even cater for Birthday parties, Weddings, and any Celebration!!! My brother loved it so much he's even wanting to book them for his Birthday Extravaganza! We'll definitely come back to try it with ice cream... Very kind people that run this truck. Many flavors to choose from, even sugar-free kinds, and great add ons to customize your taste buds. You can have up to three flavors/syrups and be flower powered by this shaved ice cup... it's so kawaii!!! aka cute.

Follow da Real deal and get cooled off by one of these delicious creations. Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy. This could possibly make you skip back to my car after having one or two or three!
I've been meaning to try this place for weeks! "Da schedule" is on their website which makes it really easy to find there they are at. I went with a kid's size..$3! Not bad. It's definitely plenty.. The upside down is delish! Pineapple, Coconut with sweetened condensed milk.. Such a great dessert for hot Vegas! My boyfriend got the Hot Mamacita which was good too..Tamarind, Mango and chili powder.. not a fan of chili powder but the rest was bangin! Reminded me of the Mango with chili powder carts in the Chi.. A must try!
Was in Las Vegas this past week in the 100+degree weather...  I've had authentic Shave Ice in Oahu before and I tell ya, not one of them even came close to da "ONOLICIOUS-KINE" shave ice that we had at Snow Ono's Shave Ice.  My wife and I had da Melona & P.O.G shave ice which was suggested by owner Jon and Boy was it 'ONO-ONO"... I highly recommend and suggest who comes out to the desert of Las Vegas to make it a point to find the Snow Ono's mobile truck and have a taste of da Islands in da hot lands...  We Loved it... Mahalo Nui Loa Jon and Marianne!!! Cheee Huuuuu!!! :-D

Here is their website folks:
http://snowonoshaveice.com/da-schedule/
Snow Ono is by far the perfect summer treat.  Four visits this summer and my fav is cherry, pineapple with sour spray on the cherry only .  The strange thing is every time i have Ono shaved ice, i miss Hawaii  ( as in North Shore and eating shaved ice. ) 

That's all i've got to say !
There isn't a better and more refreshing dessert in town than the shaved ice of SnOw OnO. I'm not lying when I tell you I've had 3 of these in a single night! The thing is though when you get your chance to try one, you better jump on it because the line is always around the corner! It's worth it though. I'm actually a little sad that I don't get to have this shaved ice more.

If I'm lucky I'll get to have 1 or 2 this weekend... crossing my fingers.

Seriously though summer isn't over yet people... get this shaved ice inside of you!
Sooo good. Love tigers blood. Winning!
From what I've heard, it's the best place to get shaved ice here in Vegas. 

I know they're pretty active as a truck, only having Monday's off for Oana time or whatever the islanders name their lazy off-days.

it's quick to order but it takes time to get your treat. People often underestimate how long it takes. You order right away, but may have to wait 15-20 for your shave ice.

other than that, it's pretty perfect! Don't forget to order a scoop of vanilla ice scream for a dollar more. It makes a wonderful base for your shave ice treat!
It really is "da Real deal"!!! I would have one everyday if I could!  Even when it gets 58 degrees outside I imagine I will STILL be craving some SnOw! Every flavor combination is heaven!! DON'T FORGET TO ICE CAP! The condensed milk & caramel give it that extra special touch! Everyone at the truck is always super sweet! Follow them on Twitter to get updates on their schedule.
uhmm..not as good as I've had in Maui...read http://www.yelp.com/biz/ululanis-hawaiian-shave-ice-lahaina#hrid:REo7Fn1eRPxv_dCTD4X32A/src:self

Syrup did not penetrate more than one-third into the mountain of shave ice. But I should mention that they offered to put in more syrup if requested. But the flavor also did not do it for me. 

Be sure to order the ice cold water with your shave ice if you try this truck..you'll thank me later.
Often imitated but never duplicated it's the original 808 shave ice booooooy!  

People call me silly and some even call me Mac Miller cause I'm always double thumbs up (google him if you don't know)  but in the end I only get cherry because it's my favorite and that's just how I roll. I know I know pretty plane jane but hey I know I'm not alone on this one. 

However, for those of you who are more adventurous than I, say like my girlfriend who hasn't missed a flavor on that truck. Then you could enjoy all the greatest things this glorious truck has to offer and here are a few: sweet condensed milk( you know they call this snow capped), caramel, chocolate, mochi, azuki beans, chile con limon, sour spray and a few more that I can't remember.  

More flavors than anyone can eat in one day so I advise eating 2 smalls on each visit with 2 flavors on each shave ice even though you could get up to 3 or more if you would like but I think sticking with 2 smalls and 2 flavors each time, like cherry and lime or lime and lemon would get the job done as well ans would leave you very happy and more on your way to a favorite combo of your own. 

The best thing about this shave ice is that it's "NOT" a snow cone. I repeat it's "NOT" a snow cone it's literally shave ice and when you eat this ice it's like eating a freshly fallen snow flake except one snow flake isn't  enough so they pilled a bunch into a cup and poured great flavors on top and it's delicious. I like to eat mine layer by layer as I run the spoon up the side of the shave ice peeling off a little bit of that glorious ice at a time. Warning: If your looking for chunks of ice in your shave ice than this is not the place for you because they only serve the finest shave ice in Las Vegas. 

Also, the staff has always been very nice and filled with many smiles. Hope this review doesn't fall all blind eye's  and sorry for the length I thought it was needed  to show just how good this place is. 

Your Welcome,  
The Vegas Villain
I had SnOw OnO from when their truck came to UNLV. They were giving away free shaved ice to students who had voted in the UNLV student government elections. 

I was imagining a product like a snow cone... something icy and filled with really sweet and artificial flavors. This was not it. The ice was powdery and it had the consistency of snow as opposed to ice. The flavorings tasted real and not artificial. It's what a snow cone should be. If you have the opportunity to try their products, go for it!

I had blue hawaiian which had a lovely coconut flavor that wasn't overpowering, and I also had the green apple which was tart without being too tart. They have mastered the art of their flavorings. Next time, I'm definitely going to try their red velvet cake flavor.
I got to try Snow Ono finally when they came to a movie in the park event in my neighborhood. First of all... push for more of these, it was really fun! Second of all... delicious. I got a small cone (which was GIGANTIC, by the way....) with three flavors (mango, blue hawaii, green apple), and a free add-on of sour spray.

I usually hate snow cones because they're all grainy and then when they melt, it's like you're eating pure sugar, but I really loved this. It was SNOW. it was eating snow. Like, when my friends made snow-garitas when we a had a blizzard last year in Pennsylvania, that is the consistency i am thinking of.

The flavors weren't syrupy either. I was afraid of that when I saw them pouring the syrup onto the snow, but it was fresh and delicious!

Loved it! Great value, delicious (not) snow cone!
This place is SO amazing! My best friend + I got a free cup when we voted in the student elections & OMGHHKP it was amazing!!!! The ice is shaved so finely, it's like cocaine. The flavors we on point and were so good on a hot day. The only problem was they put lemon instead of lime on mine when I asked for lime :(
Until we went to Hawaii we never understood all the hype on shaved ice.  We always thought of a snow cone that has cheap sugary syrup and crunchy crushed ice.  Boy, were we wrong...went on vacation to Honolulu and had Matsumoto's Shaved Ice and the Ice Garden.  [Note: a snow cone should in no way ever be compared to shaved ice].  The ice is shaved so fine that it appears snow like and the flavors and toppings are insane.  We were sad when returning to the mainland knowing that we would have to wait until our next trip back (who knows how long that will be) to have this delicious treat.   That was until we found Snow Ono Ice...we didn't think it was possibly to find this on the mainland let alone Las Vegas.  This place is a must go...you will not regret it.
love snow ono they did a event with Patty's Closet and it was amazing best shaved ice ever they make all there flavors and the owners are amazing
Had this today for the very first time.  We had chocolate and wedding cake - WONDERFUL!  My whole family liked it.  We are going to have to track them down for more in the future.
I was never a big fan of shaved ice before I came here, but on a hot summer day Snow Ono hits the spot. 

For me the thing that makes good shaved ice is the the texture of the ice. Some places have a granular texture which I would consider not shaved ice but a "snow cone". You know the thing you used to get from those ice cream trucks when you were little. Maybe that's why I was never a fan. But Snow Ono's ice is like nothing I've tasted before. It's nice and flaky giving it a smooth texture in your mouth. They also offer all kinds of syrup flavors and unique toppings.  

I just recently got back from Hawaii and Snow Ono rivals some of the places out there. I became a shaved ice critic and found only 1 out of 5 spots that came pretty close to Snow Ono.  

The only truck I'll be looking for these days would be Snow Ono's.
What can I say only the best of the best! Let me tell you that nobody in town serves shave ice like snowono. Period! Their velvety snow and flavor varieties topps other imitators. I tried other shave ice wannabes and taste worst than a slurpee. Not to mention they have the friendliest staff ever. It's desert at its best.
I discovered shave ice back during my Kauai adventure.  I've always loved sno-cones, but so entranced was I by these delicious treats, I would actually stop what I was doing on my trip, drive across the island, and hit up Wishing Well as fast as I could.  Upon returning home, I checked into shave ice rehab, and knew the day would come when I would fall off the wagon.

Enter South Point's Food Truck Fest.

Snow Ono actually parked in front of our business during an event one day, but I was too busy to try them out.  This time, I was going for it.

So I waited in a crazy long line, but it gave me time to size up flavors, and all the little side additions that they would put upon it.  Upon getting to the window, the lady asked what I wanted, and she must have hexed me or something, because I was pretty much answering "okay" to whatever suggestion she offered to enhance the shave ice experience.

I waited a little more, and was served this beast of a treat that was three parts tasty, four parts delicious, and another three parts heaven.  So what if it was early February and I was freezing my butt off?  Man, that shave ice was awesome.  I saved a little for the missus, and then had to fight her off from eating the rest of it.

I'm telling you now: When it hits those batmess hot 100+ degree temperatures this Summer, I am hunting these guys out.  I don't care if they end up making their way to Pahrump.  I'll still drive over there to find them.  If I can cover an island, I can make any drive.  Gollum has his ring obsession.  Mine lies in shave ice.

Actually, writing about it now makes me want one....
Small is too big but I order it every time!
A delicious treat that was sorely missed during the winter cold season. "Snow Ono where are you?" is a popular question in my house.

My favorite flavors are Tiger's Blood, and strawberry. Cotton candy is so sweet it hurts but because the snow is so soft, it really is just like airy cotton candy.
I like the condensed milk topping, and I have my eye on the sour spray for next time, but I'm afraid I will get addicted even more!
Creamy Ice - Oh yes- So darn refreshing and yummers!!!
I finally got the chance to try Snow Ono at the Fresh 52 Farmer's Market at the Sansone Plaza right near my house.
I saw the truck there before but it was just too cold but today was a sunny 74 degrees and I knew I was ready to try the Famous Sno Ono Truck.

I got a small (that size is too big so I suggest a kid's size) POG -Passion,Orange & Guava topped with Sweet Condensed Milk and Mochi Bits. Onolicious!!! You can easily distinguish all the different flavors, the condensed milk just adds to the creaminess and the mochi bits are so soft and chewy. I loved this combo!!!

The BF wanted a Rasta Rainbow so he got lime,strawberry and pineapple. He enjoyed his combo as well. I tried his and the lime was rather tart so I think next time I'll get lime with sprinkled lemon/lime salt on top and some sour spray. My lips are smacking as I write!!!

I love that there are so many flavors to choose from,other than something for your sweet tooth they also have options for those who want a sour tangy experience as well, the ice is so creamy and hello, they have mochi bits!!!! 

I have a feeling Snow Ono is going to be a constant cold treat for me this summer,...
Nice little shaved ice cone, but 25 minutes for ice and syrup? Give me a break
Expect a mound of ice and two teaspoons a flavor, but try the condensed milk. It's good!

I chased the truck forever! Last month at First Friday or something downtown, I finally caught it and I had cash (required). They have a bagillion flavors.. red velvet cake, pink lemonade, birthday cake. Interesting stuff.

I went with pink lemonade and the classic Tiger's Blood with a drizzle of the condensed milk. I dug my spoon into my spoon into the concoction twice before I reached pure unflavored ice (insert disappointment). 

Did I mention that it's expensive? Yeah.. too much for what you get. If it were a premium item I wouldn't mind paying extra, but it really didn't meet my expectations.

I'd pass!
This is an overdue review but better late than never...  I was messin around on Facebook the other day and saw Snow Ono was gonna be serving up their snowy goodness @GarfieldsRestLV... I've been wanting to try them for months now... So I told my husband we were gonna go on a little road trip and pay a visit to Snow Ono... We called our best friend and asked him if he wanted to go with us.. as I was explaining to him about Snow Ono he told me he used to get a similar tasty treat but it was called a Snow Ball back in Louisiana... He was definitely in.. So we headed out to the spot.. There was a nice show up of folks.. smiles on all faces.. We made our way to the truck and placed our order.. Scott told me to get chocolate and cherry... when i got to the window I also added condensed milk and chocolate syrup.. my husband ordered the Mango..  We got our order and my friend and I wanted a little more sauce on our snow and with not one problem the sweet gal in the magical truck took back our ice and added a little more which I thought was super!!  I took my first bite and I was in delight!!  It was sooo refreshing and good.. My husband is a plain Jane kinda guy and after he took a bite of mine he told me he was gonna be daring next time and not be so one dimensional  LOL.. that was the laugh for the night.. 

So Vegas and visitors... if your looking for something fun to do.. have a refreshing tasty cool treat than make your way to Snow Ono!!    I know I'll be there again and soon!!  Thanks Snow Makers.. you rock!!
Gave these guys another chance at the cinco de mayo celebration at nacho daddy's. This time things were a lot better. The service was a lot more quicker. I had the watermelon shaved ice w/ condensed milk. I have no idea how they make their ice but you would swear that you are eating a sorbet of some sort. It was so creamy. This is not your dad's shaved ice. I'll definetely be back!!!
This one time may be my only chance to get to try this since they don't have it on the East Coast!  But it was AWESOME!

My friends took me here telling me how great it is, when I arrived, they opened the window and told me they just closed and will reopen tomorrow!  I am from out of town so I asked them if they would make an exception because I was leaving to go home the next day, luckily they did make that exception for me.

There are many different flavors to choose from, I just got a kids size because the portions are pretty big.   I picked Mango, Coconut and Cola, topped off with condensed milk and mochii.  This combination was great, except the cola wasn't anything special, tasted like a slurpee from 7-11, i would go with a diff flavor, especially one you would think goes well with condensed milk.

I am not sure where this food truck goes, but follow it!  It's worth it.
Oh MY!!!!!! Mochi bits...enough said!!!!
I have loved this truck for a very long time. There are so many flavors, combinations, and add-ons that it is insane!!! mochi bits and condensed milk with any flavor and you have the winning combination. Not sure what others are talking about....I had syrup and flavor through and through each and every time I had this cup of fluffy shaven ice  of Yumminess!

Now depending on the events your wait time could be long(30minutes at the last First Friday event) but it was damn worth it!!!!
Unless you are a Las Vegas local you may not know that there is a huge Hawaiian influence here.  In fact, Las Vegas has even been called the 9th Island by Hawaiians that live here. This has developed into some Hawaiian traditions crossing over into Las Vegas traditions.

One of these, of which I am particularly fond, is the SnowOno Shave Ice truck.  For those of you keeping score at home, shave ice is a totally different thing than a sno cone.  I didn't believe it at first either, but I just drove thirty miles at rush hour on 215 for SnowOno and I wouldn't cross the street for a sno cone.  The difference begins in the texture of the ice.  I have seen the machine up close and still have no idea how this texture is achieved.  It comes out somewhere between actual snow and soft-serve ice cream.  They have a ridiculous array of flavors ranging from cherry, to egg custard to Tiger's Blood, I tried some of these until I fell in love with the egg custard.

There are a plethora of additional toppings and combinations that the staff quickly and professionally prepare while you wait, from mochi to caramel to condensed milk.  Perhaps, these are traditional island flavors, or maybe the minds  at SnowOno have just worked overtime to create the most addictive dessert in the desert.

As a food truck, SnowOno is always popping up around the valley.  The staff here does an excellent job with social media to get the word out about where they will be next.  For this I am grateful to them or as they might say; mahalos!
Love the Tiger's Blood with Mochi bits!  The portions were so big, I couldn't finish it. The girls are so friendly and nice.  

We hired them for a couple of events when I worked at VEGAS.com and they were fantastic.
Finally got to visit Snow Ono at the farmers market yesterday. I am a big fan of shaved ice and with all the praise, it was a no brainer to stop and try it. 

My shaved ice experience must be pretty limited because I've never seen a place offer ice cream and milk and what not on it, so being the first time I only tried a dual flavor cup, but next time I am gonna try something new. 

I got a large tigers blood green apple combo, my favorite flavors.  It was good and sweet and great for the 100 degree day we were having.  The girl that took my order was nice and gave me a stamp card with their social networking information.

Only gripe I had was that I had ALOT of syrup.  After just a minute or two I had a bit of a congealed mess, but it was hot out so it's not something that can be helped. 

I'll definitely be back for more because there are so many other flavors to choose from.
Great treat for the price!  I always go with the kid size (and usually still have trouble finishing it!).  The only reason I didn't give it that 5th star is b/c I can never seem to catch them in my area anymore.
Best shaved ice ever.  I have been in Henderson for only 5 months, and being a cali kid, the heat is killing me.  When I wake up on sunday I head over to fresh 52 to just get some snow ono.  The flavors are amazing, and its soft and tasty.  I can not go anywhere else to get shaved ice.  Snow ono is keeping me alive during the summer.
This is some of the best shave ice I've had and I am including ALL shave ice experiences...  My favorite mix currently is Tamarind with sour spray...I know I need to try the rest because I'm sure all flavors are awesome...best of all there is always a smile on either side of my icy goodness!
omg this is what you NEED when the weather is hot and the sun is beating down on you.
I had the kid's size (this is after my massive lunch of Hawaiian food plus poke) Tiger's Blood and oh my lord it was DELICIOUS!! the sno cone is not snow cone it's better than that. The way their ice was so smooth and the consistency was awesome. 
Geoff got the lime and lemon mix and that was yummy too. 
Snow Ono you know what you're doing.
Yes folks, it's Snow Ono Season!

We were at the Gourmet Food truck Block party and ready for dessert. Coolhaus was there, but their sandwiches were looking pretty much like ass, so we skipped it and went to visit Marianne and her crew.

It was hella scorching, so it called for a large shave Ice. I had always wondered what Tiger's Blood was, and when one of the workers mentioned that it was a blend of Strawberry, Watermelon, and Coconut, I was sold! Now this is my new favorite flavor, and I always get it with a snow cap and popping boba, cause that's how I do shave ice.

Marianne also told me she was working on a halo-halo concoction after she read what I mentioned in a recent talk thread which got me all excited, BUT Marianne, two things-
I wanna be the first in line to taste your halo-halo creation, and second, I'll take a super big gulp sized cup because the large won't be enough!....j/k...;0

But for reals, Snow Ono kicks the S@#T out of places back home, not even Waiola comes close! Yup, I said it....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(285/365) " Best Shave Ice- Period..."
We attended the Studio 21 Tattoo charity event and Snow Ono was on hand to provide some cool chill relief! They even had a special shaved ice concoction that included sailor Jerry spiced rum in the mix for the day. 

Finally I had my chance to try some of the ice cold refreshing bliss that was so refreshing on this humid day.

I chose half banana and half red velvet cake with a free topping of sweetened condensed milk. Mmmmm yum!

It was very tasty and everything I had hoped it would be! The girls working the truck today were sweethearts and I did see their proud Yelp sticker displayed.

Mmmm they gave me a buy 9 shaved ice treats and get one free card that also has their info on where to find them located throughout the day for my next fix!

Mmmmmm such a sweet treat to fight off the heat. Will for sure be enjoying again soon next time I need a little magic in my mouth...
ONO INDEED!

POG is my favorite flavor and I usually get it with pineapple as well.  It's like being back on da islands. Love it!
THE BEST SHAVE ICE I HAVE EVER HAD! Including Hawaii's Matsumoto's

Did some research before my Vegas trip on best shave ice places. The day I had free snow Ono happened to be a thirty minute drive away.  It was well worth it.  Best shave ice I've ever had, and that includes multiple places in Hawaii including the famous matsumotos.  I got watermelon coconut with condensed milk and mochi.  I ate every bit. Eat in the shade or an air conditioned car unless you want to drink it through your straw.  I rate them twice as good as purple penguin.  I'm going back to Vegas just for Snow Ono!  I've been craving it every day since I got back home.
The shaved ice is great! I always love seeing them at the Las Vegas Farmer's market on Vegas and Rampart Wednesday evenings. Just expect a wait if it's a nice night. We waited forty minutes last week but it was worth it. Just order, take a walk around the market, and come back. There are so many flavors and options to choose from! If you don't want a whole lot, order the kids size. It's still pretty big. The large is HUGE!
We love Snow Ono!  It's a special treat for my kids and a great way to have fun with blue tongues.
Growing up we had snow cones, hell I even had the little Snoopy snow cone maker, but this is entirely different. The moment that first spoonful hits your mouth you know that your life has changed. It is like a little cloud in your mouth, so smooth and delicate, not even a hint of chunky ice. I quite enjoy the tiger's blood and also the blue Hawaiian flavor. I also love to add some condensed milk to the top, so creamy! The portions are giant, so get a small and split it. You really can't go wrong, and the ladies that work there are super nice and will happily guide you in the right direction, which is anything on the menu. It gets hot in Vegas and on those scorching days, this is the best way to cool down. I only wish they would open an actual location so I could stop by anytime to satisfy my cravings.
Best shave ice outside of Hawaii, hands down.....  li hi mui shave ice with ice cream - uh HELLO!  Love it.
This food truck is a lot of fun. Great shaved ice, just the thing for the hot weather we enjoy in Las Vegas. If you see it cruising around Las Vegas get in line and order your cool treat. They have an incredible variety of flavors and flavor combinations so you can go back hundreds of times and not have tried everything on there menu. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
We have three favorites for shave ice.  Matsumoto on Oahu, JoJo's on Kauai, and Snow Ono in Las Vegas.  POG with ice cap and ice cream broke da mouth!

***UPDATE***
Just got back from the Big Island and Snow Ono is better than Itsu's, if that means anything to anyone.  Wife agrees.  I gotta get back to Vegas...

***UPDATE / HEART ATTACK!***
I'm way behind the times and just discovered Sno Ono is no longer in business.  After a couple minutes of Googling, I discovered the business was handed over to Oso Ono and has a reputation for putting out the same heaven-sent shave ice!  I'm relieved to find I can still get my shave ice fix on the mainland but I'll miss the Sno Ono truck.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/oso-ono-shave-ice-las-vegas
Thank goodness Snow Ono was there to cool us off during First Friday. There was a new bunch crankin' out the shave ice and I was told Marianne is more behind the scenes now, and makes a cameo appearance every once in a while.(Good for you Marianne!)

As always, I go big, and I go with a Tiger's Blood with the Snow Cap and Popping Boba cause that combo is DA WINNAH! (Try it, you'll see what I'm talkin' 'bout!!!) Softest, smoothest ice EVER!!!

I said it before, and I'll say it again- I grew up eating shave ice all over Hawaii(Matsumoto's Shimazu's Baldwin's, Aoki's, Island Snow and even Waiola-BOTH locations(considered the best in Hawaii by MANY) They ain't got nothing on Snow Ono!....and that's the fact JACK!!!...ALOHA!!!

,
Just preparing to write this review has got my mouth watering...

We're punished in the summers with the scorching hot heat from the Vegas sun, but I believe everything happens for a reason. So from this torching summer fire we endure every year, comes the birth of a snow cone food truck to ease your troubles (yes they do). 

The girls that run this truck are actually snow angels, blessing us with a gift of pure heaven! Good, soft, cool, sugary heaven. I love how they give you the option of the amount of syrup you'd like (light, normal, or heavy) and the fact they offer punch cards to redeem for a free snow cone in the future, if you fulfill the punches of course. 

I've tried the Tiger's Blood and the Melona. Tiger's Blood is a popular choice and it isn't bad.. but I prefer the Melona. Add some condensed milk and it's like you're eating a Melona Bar! ..If you haven't tried Melona Bars then you need to start looking into it, I mean it!! You also have the options to add on things like ice cream, mochi, a sour spray, etc! 

They have several flavors but I honestly wished they had more (greedy much? why, yes, yes i am hehe). I just miss my black berry. black cherry, ice tea, cantaloupe, options that I had in TX. But still I'd have to say the snow in Vegas beats the one in TX! 

In regards to sizing of cups, the kids cup is enough for one person! Small is perfect for two, and it's like a party with anything larger!
I had it for the first time at a food truck event. It was amazing and the shave ice was Huge. The flavors are endless there so many i wanted to try. I had to wait 35 mins but it was totally worth the wait.
This food truck is thee bomb! Ahhh it was so good! The ice was really soft. The wait was long but it was surely worth it! And its decently priced for the amount that you receive.
This food truck is adorable. First the snow cones are amazing and unlike your usual crunchy hard sloppy mess' that you're used to. They are almost creamy and so soft and light. They are beyond refreshing especially in Las Vegas in October. The staff are so kind and sweet.
Too add even more incentive to try this wonderful treat, I bought one for my nephew and right after he got it, he dropped half of it. A lady with two adorable little girls walked up and started helping me clean it up. I was so surprised and explained she didn't have to. She said okay well at least let me get you another new one. It was so big, that was also not necessary, but again so kind. I soon found out that this was her establishment. She was inspired to start this business after going to Hawaii and becoming addicted to this delicious iced treat while pregnant and decided to share it with Las Vegas.
She is a wonderful woman and she spreads a wonderful treat. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
Being the idiot that I am, I didn't get around to checking out Snow Ono until yesterday, when it was actually a little bit cold. Didn't stop me. After coming back from a week in Hawaii, I really really wanted more shave ice. Like REALLY. I had lilikoi with the snow cap and azuki beans. OMG So good. And the fact that it was a bit chilly outside just made it last longer. Yay! I will be back frequently!!!!!!
I've never had shaved ice as good as this!! I tried one of Snow Ono's kid sized shaved ice at Aki Matsuri last saturday. I ordered it with Blue Hawaiian, Pineapple and lychee syrup with mochi bits. I really wished I could have gotten a bigger size with what I had!! The shaved ice and mochi bits was so soft and good on a hot day. I'm definatly going to try them again.
BEST SHAVE ICE in VEGAS!!!! i don't care what you say it's the BEST! its so soft and fluffy, the give such a good amount of syrup and ice cream portion is huuuuge!! and i need condensed milk on top... best part is that its FREE!!!  i just wish they would come to my area.. i would eat their shave ice everyday, even if its in the winter if i could hahaha.. i have yet to try more of the flavors and toppings! can't wait for my next visit!!
I have known about Snow Ono for a long time, but only had a chance to try it last week. Specifically, their last two days of business. :( Yeah, I know, I am from Hawaii and love shave ice, but I don't really do well with following food trucks. :P Sadly, they have shut down for good, but I'm happy I tasted the best shave ice ever! You heard that right folks, Snow Ono is better than any shave ice in Hawaii!! Why? The ice is like a powder. You don't need to chew on bits of ice because it it smooth and just melts in your mouth! Yum!

My favorite flavors and toppings were strawberry and mango with condensed milk and mochi bits. It was nice of them to give out free shave ice (and pizza from Biaggio's Pizza) to all their customers on the last day. Although it was 50 degrees out and freezing, we could not put our spoons down until the last bite. It was totally worth it!

I'll miss you Snow Ono!
This is the best shaved ice truck in all of town! Seriously the ice is creamy and the flavors are great. You'll be surprised by just how big the shaved ices come even with a childs size.
The best Hawaiian shaved ice away from islands.  Doesn't get better than this.  You have the toppings and fixings that you would get in Hawaii.
Snow Ono is the real deal.  She has a ton of yummy flavors and the portions are huge!  Marianne always remembers us and makes us feel like we are a part of her ohana.  The customer service here is just as amazing as the shaved ice.  She closes down for a bit in the winter when Vegas gets a little chilly so I make sure to get my fill in all summer long.  There is usually a long line but its cause they are so good.  It is worth the wait!  Snow Ono is the perfect Vegas treat.

Marianne recently sold the business.  I hope whoever bought it got all her secrets and Aloha spirit.  Looking forward to the weather warming up and getting my Ono fix.
I love me some shave ice !!!!!
Love these the smalls almost too might for one person alone o can never finish it.it's really good with their ice cream know the middle dragon blood is awesome too.
Lulu's On The Move--a gourmet pastry truck. From what I understand it is owned by Bouchon's pastry chef, Chris, who greeted us this morning. As an introduction to the new business, all menu items were sold for a dollar today in the parking lot at Metro Pizza on Stephanie and Horizon Ridge. So I ate everything: Banana beignets, waffles with maple-bacon butter and syrup, velvet cake served sandwich style, apple coffee cake, a banana nut muffin topped with nutella, and monkey bread. My favorite was pretzels served with a mustard seed/orange butter; I may have the ingredients mixed up but the flavor was perfect. Everything was delicious. 

If you missed the truck today, see them on Monday, Oct. 11 at the Metro Pizza on Tropicanna and Maryland Parkway. Sounds like Lulu's will adjust the portion sizes a bit and sell most items at reasonable prices. I suggest it as breakfast or lunchtime dessert for my coworkers at UNLV.

The truck also sells cookies, popcorn and other take-away snacks. The service was great. Food was excellent. The only reason it gets four stars instead of five is because I don't know their regular prices and I might be a little bias due to the $1-dollar-deals today.
This place is DA BOMB!!  Holla!

Run by Bouchon's former pastry chef and it shows.  So far I've sampled the Whoopie cakes, chocolate chip cookies, and caramel popcorn.  

Unreal.  The caramel popcorn is perfect.  The nuts are attached to the popcorn by caramel.  So you're consistently getting all those flavors together.  The popcorn and sweet but not overly so with a nice salty sweet finish on your taste buds.  It seriously must have taken them months to figure out how to get that aftertaste just perfect.  

Chocolate chip cookies are nice and soft with high quality chocolate and sugar.  You don't get those little particles of sugar like you will with other homemade cookies.  Nothing grainy on texture-wise.  Really just a delicious chocolate chip cookie.

Whoopie pies come in red velvet and chocolate.  If I'm not mistaken, the filling on each is different.  The red velvet one is more of a cream cheese based whereas the chocolate one is more like some sort of icing.  Could be wrong about that as that night was a "blur."  :)

Can't wait for this truck to be moving along on a regular basis.  Chris told me they'd be serving sandwiches, etc.  Bring it on!
Checked out the Chocolate Fest at the Green Valley Metro Pizza last night.  Tried the beignets, creme brulee, crepes, strawberry shortcake, caramel popcorn, macaroon, and chocolate milk.  There were a bunch of us so we each had a little of everything. 
Beignets - freshly fried right out of the food truck.  Topped with bananas foster and I believe a caramel sauce.  Knocked out of the park.
Creme brulee - top was still crispy just like you want it.  Nice dark chocolate flavor.  Another big hit with everyone.
Crepes - crepe was soft and had a nice flavor by itself.  Had some chocolate and riccotta and chopped pistachios on top.  Really nice.
Starberry shortcake - Unreal.  Nice moist chocolate shortcake.  It was a sandwich with two shortcakes and the strawberry filling in the middle.  Topped with whipped cream infused with vanilla.  Couldn't believe how good this was.
Caramel popcorn - I've had this before as you can get it at Metro Pizza in the to go section.  Nice caramel sweetness and a salty sweet finish aftertaste.  Everyone I've given this to has loved it.
Macaroon - Best I've had.  
Chocolate milk - might be too strong of chocolate taste for some.  Not for me.  It was good dark chocolate with creamy goodness of milk.  It was just fantastic.

Yeah I'm not gonna have chocolate for a while after last night.  But it was totally worth it.
Prices were totally reasonable.  Basically from $2 to $5 depending on the item.  You'd pay around $8-$12 for each of them at a nice restaurant that would serve desserts of this quality.
Bouchon quality desserts for a fraction of the price. Thats bc it just so happens to be run by Bouchons head pastry chef.

Food trucks are gaga and this is a great new addition to the food truck craze. 

Everything is ridiculously cheap and full of chocolate goodness.  We got the chocolate chip cookies, chocolate macaroons, hot chocolate, creme brûlée, and some spanking good bread. 

Go with a group, order the whole menu, and enjoy!
LuLu's is one food truck that deserves to be called a *gourmet* food truck. Most others are just upscale roach coaches serving good food. The roasted pork sandwich ($6) I tried was an outstanding sammie made with several tender slices of roasted pork shoulder, mozzarella, and arugula pesto.

If you're going to try a dessert, their strawberry shortcake beignets ($5) are an indulgence worth getting. Fried to order, these doughy morsels of delight are topped with powdered sugar and sliced strawberries. Sure, they're probably a million calories, but it's only a one time thing, right?

They say they're constantly changing their menu, which could be good and bad... if you're going there for a specific item they might not be selling it that day. But, if their other items are anything like the two that I tried, than it shouldn't matter what you get because you'll be happily satisfied.
As other have said this place deserves the title gourmet food truck that also has friendly fantastic service. 

The story goes that they are opening a new metro pizza up in the northwest and they are going to have this Lulu's attached to it, a sort of coffee, bakery, food, hang out place.  Well this new location isn't going to be opened for a year so in the mean time they decided to take it to the streets and experiment a bit.  He told me that their menu would be constantly changing. 

I have only eaten here once and I was blown away.  It was cheap enough that my wife and myself pretty much ordered everything on the small menu and the one thing I didn't order the guy threw in, awesome.  I might have had the most delicious mac and cheese ever, just a very simple, very cheesy mac and cheese covered in a in bacon streusel.  How about a brat covered in cheese sauce and caramelized onions and set in a very fresh and soft pretzel bun, BOOM!  I didn't have any desert though but I can't wait to try it after reading others reviews.  

Listen up you other food truckies, this is what it is supposed to be about.  A FEW items done extremely WELL but sold out of a food truck so it is CHEAP.  That is the winning formula.  The novelty of eating at a food truck wears off quick so you have to offer more.  In fact your food has to be BETTER than what we can get elsewhere because we have to drive the F%#$ about to find you and eat it in 110 degree heat on a damn curb.  Slider truck led the way (even though they aren't exactly cheap I guess)  and these guys nailed it too.       

Do yourself a favor and hunt these guys down, it's worth your time and money.
Awesome, just AWESOME! Oh, if I could eat at Lulu's once a week I might die of happiness. But then I might miss out on all the future yumminess they have to offer.

The first time I tried Lulu's was at the Ellis Island Food Truck Smash-up. I had actually been stalking them for some time and really only showed up to try their food. The Italian Pork Grilled Cheese was simply to die for. Perfectly toasted bread, melty cheese, savory sliced pork, mmm. The aracini was very good, a bit on the vegetably side for me but tasty enough that I still ate them, which for me is a feat in itself (I do not like veggies.) I was amused that they called it "Italian Fried Rice." Since I was on a roll with the fried things, I also had the Strawberry Shortcake Beignets. These will be yet another reason I continue to stalk Lulu's. Basically doughnuts covered in sugar and then again in macerated strawberries and whipped cream. I also bought a Nutella whoopie pie (which I had a bit later) and I have to say it was okay, I think I was not enthused by the nuts in the cake.

So for today, my boyfriend drove us all the way across town to Summerlin to grab some Lulu's in the Sugar's parking lot. Hats off to them for still working even in the rain and with their lights out in the truck. My boyfriend got the prime rib and egg sandwich, deep fried mac and cheese and I got the sourdough waffles with strawberry syrup and a red velvet whoopie pie. I have to say I like the red velvet whoopie pie loads more than the Nutella, and I am a Nutella freak. Going on, those very well might be the best waffles I have ever had. They were crispy on the outside and fluffy in the inside and not sweet so as to go very well dipped into the strawberry syrup. The prime rib sandwich was good according to my bf but too many veggies for me.  However, we both had to agree that the deep fried mac and cheese was the winner for this trip. Cilantro mayo and a hint of jalapeno FTW. Crunchy, saucy and cheesy creamy goodness. So good that I had to go back for a second serving.
I had Lulu's for the first time Friday night at the Street Food Throwdown on Fremont East. Very much worth the wait. 

I was there with 5 of my friends and we wanted a taste of everything. Knowing we couldn't possibly eat everything, we opted for 2 or three things and passed them around.

For the throwdown, Lulu's offered a veal bratwurst, oscar style. The brat was perfectly cooked and the oscar was fairly well executed. My friends loved the roll it was dressed in. It was a good dish, but I would have preferred a little less on the chopped peppers and a little more salt for pop (a few bites seemed a tad bland). The sauce was a little thin for me (texture) but for what they were trying to do it was a really good dish overall. 

Let's face it, aside from my personal preferences, they were obviously doing something right because this dish was the winner! Add to that the amount of food was quite a lot (translation: great value for the money) and perfect for us to share!

We also tried the dirty chips (OK, we devoured them with abandon and debated on getting more). Salty goodness with layers of amazing flavors and a few different textures, these fresh and handmade chips are dressed and presented to be a great dish on their own or as a complement to the rest of your Lulu's meal.

The sweets were all cake/cookie types so I only tasted a tiny bite here and there, but everyone went nuts for the black cherry biegnets - perfectly fried, amazing fruit - and the whoopie pies. The cookies were good but, in my opinion, just cookies. Nothing spectacular. I thought it was a great way to make the crowd happy when the girls walked through passing them out as treats while you waited.

The service was stellar. Imagine thousands of people milling about in the rainy Vegas heat (hot, humid, hungry folks in a crowd environment? Yikes!). It felt that half the festival was at Lulu's while we were there, and yet they powered through the orders with smiles and fast service. When there was a slight delay in our order, they communicated it and gave us whoopie pies to go with our order. It was a well-oiled machine and everyone was at the top of their game.

I am looking forward to more!
I have now had Lulu's on the Move twice and I can say this food truck is really as good as it gets. The chefs here, and the people working the crowd, getting their orders, etc. are 5-Star individuals indeed.

Last week I had Lulu's down on Fremont Street at the Street Food Throwdown. I was a wee bit tipsy so when I was in line and trying to read the menu I honestly couldn't get it in focus so I had my friend start reading off menu items to me. When she said "Pork Chop Tacos" I said yes please! I got an order of the tacos and of course, an order of their dirty chips. 

It was a long wait for our food because there were so many people there, so we headed into The Beat to grab a glass of wine. Once we returned outside it was only a few minutes until my food had arrived! I shared my tacos with my boyfriend. I thought the tacos were great. I believe there was lima beans in them? They tasted fresh and not too filling, which is actually really exactly what I was looking for because I wanted to eat my dirty chips. Those chips are so delicious. The pork on them is perfectly seasoned and it's just such a surprise how good it is every time you eat it. 

It's like comfort food on the move, from a truck, right there into your eager hands.
After leaving a concert in the wee morning hours on Sunday, we had time to make it to the food truck congregation outside Tommy Rockers. Once my first Fuku Burger of the night was consumed, I figured I would try the eats from other trucks.

Lulu's On The Move was in front of me when I made the decision, found their menu, and gave the loaded tray of Mac & Cheese a try. There is a hint of bite to the cheese mix, generous portion of chicken was added to the mix. As well as some corn and other items as well.

Flavor-wise, it was good. I ended up being unable to finish the bowl, as the pasta was way undercooked. It was more al dente than I was expecting for mac & cheese.

Price-wise, can not complain at all $3.00 only for chicken and corn infused Mac & Cheese in a well filled bowl.
Lulu's was also at The Ellis Island Hatch Chile Roast and I decided to order two items on their chile inspired menu:

-Fried Rice Balls(Arancini) -hatch chiles, oven roasted tomatoes, grass fed beef, and romano cheese

-English Muffin Sandwich-Italian pork, caramelized hatch chiles, italian salami, gouda, provolone, topped with a fried egg

The Rice balls came up first, and as I was waiting for the muffin sandwich, I noticed a green apple soda they had and I was gonna try it, but I declined, knowing that Ellis Island had complimentary drinks for us Yelp VIPs....I ordered 2 items, which magically became 4...as my sandwich was ready for pick up, I also see some chocolate chip cookies,
and Chris says-"Hey Nelson, grab one of those green sodas out front, on me."  It's great to know people in the food biz :)

The rice balls were crisp on the outside with a creaminess and a nice heat on the inside with just the right amount of meat and sauce...The muffin sandwich was also a winner with the saltiness of the pork and salami, mild heat from the chiles, and the cheeses and yolk oozing with each bite...as Borat would say, "GREAT SUCCESS!"  The green apple soda tasted exactly like Jolly Rancher candy and the cookies were warm, soft, and chewy....perfect way to end my meal from Lulu's.

Thanks again to Chris and the rest of team Lulu's, you guys are definitely raising the bar on Las Vegas'  food truck scene...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(18/365) "Top Trucks"
With three rounds of Lulu's On the Move under my belt, it's time to for a review!

Our first encounter was at a food truck meet up going on over at Plant World Nursery.  All we wanted was a Cuban Sandwich ($5) and a Iced Cuban Coffee ($1).  What the Husband liked about their sandwich was that they had two variations of pork in there - slow roasted pork leg and rosemary ham.

They also gave us a complimentary order of their Dirty Chips ($4) which was so awesomely good that it had us wanting more!  There's barbecued pulled pork, Mexican cheese, jalapeno hollandaise sauce and cilantro sitting on a bed of potato chips.  

Of course, we couldn't say no to an order of their Key Lime Beignets ($4).  It's dusted with coconut sugar alongside a Tres Leches Caramel sauce and it's yum yum good!  And plenty enough to share!

As a result, we're always looking for where their truck is and the Husband got another chance to savor their Dirty Chips once again.

Most recently, we found them last week and although Dirty Chips wasn't on their blackboard, it's on their printed menu (so be sure to ask)!  The Husband wanted his own order, so we got two.  I also got an order of their Roasted Chicken Mac N Cheese ($6).  It's definitely more chicken and cheese than mac, that's for sure!  The chicken was so super moist and juicy and it had to be a crime to be considered chicken!  That dark meat sure taste good!  It's dripping with cheese sauce, and there's also some mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes in there too.

Sadly, I haven't been able to order their beignets due to a restricted diet, but they had them with strawberries last week.  Also unique was their Homemade Corned Beef Hash Sandwich that I saw a few people chowing on.  

Overall, the Husband won't bother with a food truck meet up if Lulu's and SnoW Ono aren't there.  Good thing I agree with him!

Note: Double check the prices - they are listed differently on the blackboard menu and the printed sheet one.  So confirm your final purchase cost!
awesome food!  We got breakfast from the Lulu's truck, peanut butter and jelly beignets which were great and a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese and asparagus on a ciabatta bun...it was so flavorful and amazing...I hope they don't change their menu too often cause I want it again.   The chef's are all dressed in their white outfits complete with chef's hat, very professional.
I stopped in one Wednesday evening while they were at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market. I strayed from Short Leash inorder to spread the wealthand try something new.  Their menu featured a spicy sausage sandwich,  a Caribbean pork sandwich, a pulled pork sandwich and probably another sandwich or 3 I failed to mention.  
The wonderful aroma of smokey goodness filled the air while I waited my turn to order.  Deciding on the pulled pork sandwich, to go, it only took a few minutes to prepare the order.  

The sandwich was served on a very sturdy roll that stood up to the sauce on the generous portion of pork.  On top of the pork just enough coleslaw and the top bun of course.  The price of the sandwich includes a bag of chips, a wet nap and a peppermint patty for dessert.  

The pork was nicely smoked and not overly sauced, the slaw did not overwhelm. The bread...couldn't tell if it was purposely toasted to the point of slighty dry in order to accommodate the sauce or if it was just dry. I'll. consider it the former. 

They were also at the Friday Mobile Food Court and I saw several people with their sausage sandwich. It looked so good, definitely next on my list to try here.
REVISED REVIEW:  TRY THE KOREAN PORK SANDWICH....OMG...AMAZING!!

Pulled pork sandwich with a spicy cole slaw...enough said.  It's so freaking amazing and the bread it comes on is local and delicious.  The owner is very friendly and we have always made sure to go back and try other things.  They also have a really good caribbean beef sandwich too.  $7.50 for a sandwich tots and a pc of candy to end.  Its def worth it.
i'm no 'cue expert, but I like food, so I'll toss in my two cents. I had the rib tips (a special) last night. They were dry and a little overcooked, yet still miraculously tender. They were sauced to perfection - not glopping off with every bite, but yet a good counterpoint to the dryness of the meat itself. I ate every last bite with enthusiasm. The sauce was sweet and tangy and dark and everything I want from barbecue sauce - again, perfect with the meat. 

The special came with a side of rosemary tater tots, which were fantastic. I accidentally dropped one into the paper container holding the remainder of the ribs, and let's just say it was a happy accident - the sauce and the tots got along just fine. Dipping a rosemary-flavored tater tot into delicious BBQ sauce - it's just like I invented Silly Putty up in here! 

Anyway I was filled and very pleased with my meal for $6.50 - I can't wait to try the pulled pork, but from what I could see the different specials looked pretty amazing... So who knows what I'll order (and from that, concoct!) upon my next visit.

@ritewaycatering on the twitters, by the way
It was a good sandwich, not spectacular, but good. What I didn't understand was how it could possibly take so long to get one with such a limited menu selection and a pre-cooked item. I totally understand the mobile unit thing, but its a set menu... Again, good enough, but I would not wait 12-15 minutes for one again.
I ate there last week for the first time &had the pulled pork sandwich.  The pork was a bit dry, had an ok smokey taste and the BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy.  The bread was just your average tasting roll which I wasn't to fond of. Maybe a better bread choice and a more tender pork would have made it a better experience.  If you want an ok pulled pork sandwich then you can't to wrong but this isn't the best I had and that's why I give this 3 stars.
Pulled pork over rice with compelling seasoned tater tots (rosemary & garlic).  Gutsy sauce was utterly unique!  Darryl King prepared it hot and packaged it with style for takeaway service.
Try the jerk pork
You had me at Po' Boy...Since my parents moved to St. Louis I learned of the amazingness that is the Po' Boy sandwich and to find a gourmet one in Phoenix is awesome.

I really stumbled upon them from the 4 Peaks facebook page (it's important for me to have my beer 411) saying that they would be at the new tap room. It got late and I got hungry and my desire to cook was far outweighed by my desire for the half pot roast half pulled pork special I saw advertised on facebook. The mention of rosemary and garlic tots sealed the deal and off I went towards the tap room.

As I approached I was handed a printed "secret menu" but I had already seen it online and seen and made up my mind and ordered. As I waited I chatted with the guy who I think is the owner on everything from the craft beer industry to my job search, he even gave me a tip of where to look for a position. 5 minutes later I had my Po' Boy and home I went.

The flavors were spot on for a bbq Po' Boy. The pot roast was perfectly fall apart in our mouth tender and the pork was nice and juicy with a nice smokey taste and there was plenty of both on there. And I am not normally a fan of slaw but the zesty slaw was awesome. The tots were far from your old school cafeteria tots they packed a rosemary punch and a garlic kick and were nice and crispy even after being in the sealed container for 10 minutes seaming up.

For the price you aren't going to beat it.

Hopefully I can track these guys down again and try some of their other creations. Ask for  the secret menu it has some killer combos.
Riteway is usually at the Thursday Food Trucks on Raintree. I recently tried a sausage po'boy with garlic potato tots. I was pretty disappointed. Overall, there was way too much hoagie roll; I had to pick the bun apart just to get to the sausage. While doing this, the sauce came out everywhere and was a huge mess. Overall, the flavor was okay. I'm not sure if it needed less sauce or more toppings or what. The garlic tots were not as amazing as everyone seems to think either. They tasted like frozen tots tossed with some garlic. I wish there was more depth to them, but definitely wasn't. Also, they were soft and not crispy. Big no-no in my book. Overall, I wish it was better.
grabbed a few things from this truck over the weekend.  The pulled pork and sausage sub was awesome.  the pork fell apart and the sausage was REALLY spicy which i loved (although my stomach didn't later).  We also got the pot roast sandwich and that was so tasty and good also.  the green chilli mac and cheese was awesome and so was the garlic tots.  I also got some "koolaid soaked pickles", and that was really strange and am still not sure what i think, but i had to try it :)

overall the food was good and wouldn't mind trying other items
I was downtown doing some record a shopping at Revolver Records and killing time before a Suns game when I remembered that Phoestivus was going on at the Phoenix Public Market.  I had been meaning to make it down there, but due to my career choice of Wage Slave (not as glamorous as it sounds) I hadn't been able to make it out to Food Truck Friday.  Food trucks are so hot right now.

After perusing my choices of sustenance (BBQ, Hot Dogs, Po Boys) I found myself in front of a white and orange sparkly GMC.  It was the Sunshine & Spice truck.  I was intrigued with the options of stuffing rather traditional Asian fare into a burrito or taco.  The idea of teriyaki beef, or curry chicken in a California style burritos sparked my interest, but I settled in on a mushroom burrito, a pink lemonade, and apple pie wanton (oh, they joy).

The burrito was a decent size for the price, but it was when you started maowing on it that you discover that it is a hearty wrap of tummy stuffing awesome.  You know how sometimes you get a burrito that contains rice, that turns into a rice burrito?  Not the case here.  Plenty of killer to the proper amount of filler.  Speaking of filler, the mushrooms worked as flavor sponge for the soy marinade.  Tasty town.  The home made guacamole had a nice way of pulling it all together.  The wasabi sauce was really what drew me in to ordering the mushroom burrito in the first place.  It added a very interesting flavor that set it apart from anything in the burrito/wrap lineage that I have ever put inside me.  It was awesome... except for one bite where it kicked me straight in the sinuses.  If you have gotten a bonus glob of wasabi when eating sushi, you know how it will wake you up.  Woah.  Other than the one bite that went rogue, it was good gastro-times.

The pink lemonade was pink lemonade.  Wouldn't deserve a mention if the fiery redhead who took my order didn't ladle a few strawberries into my beverage.  Nothing makes you feel more like a man than fruit in your drink.

Now we come to the best part of my food ingestion experience.  Apple pie wontons with whipped cream.  There isn't anything that you can fry that I won't eat (I proved that on a sex tour of the orient a few years back).  If a crab wonton raped a McDonald's Apple Pie from the 80s (not this baked crap they have been trying to pass off), this would be the love child.  Evidently, Goldschlager would be the god father, because this baby sparkles.  No, literally.  There was gold sparkles on my dessert.  I felt so opulent.

It reminded me of a Chappelle show skit.  I told the aforementioned fiery red head that they needed to add a tagline to the apple pie wontons of "it'll make your dookie twinkle," but I fear she dismissed my genius marketing.
Sunshine and Spice was downtown at some 'To Do' for 12 news. I think Al Roker was supposed to be there, but decided not to show up at the last minute. Anyway you can't blame Sunshine and Spice for that, that wouldn't be reasonable. That was just Al Roker being too cool for school. 

The gal that took our order was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the curry chicken burrito. It included veggies, rice, curry chicken and some cucumber raita. It was tasty and held together well, which isn't what I would expect of a curry burrito. The raita made the burrito quite mellow and seemed rather healthy. I also had the potato/yam chips with onion and tika sauce, which comes on the side. The chips were good, but the tika sauce was great. I topped it off with an Arnold Palmer, which was  strawberry lemonade and mint green tea. Next time I will do one or the other.

I look forward to trying the teriyaki beef burrito con wasabi!

Oh, and take the time online to learn their "password of the day". I myself never did, and I feel I've paid a price for it.
I have been out to try each food truck vendor that shows up at the Downtown Phoenix Market whether it be for the Wednesday evening market, the Friday Food Court or the Saturday market, they are pretty consistantly the same vendors.  However some show up more than others.  Well and I am not all that consistant as well so we keep missing each other.  

Today I took a walk to the Friday Mobile Food Court.  And since I have tried almost everyone else there it was their turn.  I ordered the bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos and their crab rangoon.  Yes this was my lunch.  I got some veggies, dairy, protein in... 

The jalapenos were roasted sliced in half and each half was filled with a cilantro lime cream cheese and wrapped with a piece of bacon.  The crab rangoon tasted like the same cream cheese filling with crab in a wonton. Both were very tasty and the rangoon came with a home made citrus sweet and sour sauce  that was really good. 

I like the touch of the girl taking your order and then placing it with the chef in the truck.  I would have liked to try their chicken curry burrito but it was sold out so obviously everyone else wanted to try it too.
I first passed this place up while walking around the Melrose Street Festival today, but decided to check it out on the way back.. the menu is full of Asian fusion tacos, which is cool. they also had some teriyaki sliders and a cold noodle salad. I had already eaten, so just went for a coconut curry chicken taco and got the wife a $2 order of fresh made tortilla chips and Tika Onion dip, that was pretty good. The taco was pretty good, but the meat was a tad dry for my taste. I prefer chicken thigh, and I'm pretty sure this was breast. Overall it was good and the service was quick and pleasant. Not sure I'll search this one out, but I'd get another taco if I was at the food court again or happened upon it at some other festival.
I am absolutely in LOVE with the bacon wrapped jalapenos from here!  They have a cilantro lime cream on them (which wasn't what was on them last time I went...they said it had cayenne or something in it...not as good) and they tacos are great too.  They're not greasy..I'm usually not a big fan of tacos but these have rice and good meat on them.  The prices are reasonable and the staff is always so friendly.
The only thing I have had here were some bacon wrapped jalapenos with a cilantro lime cream, which were delicious.
I had a burger and it was pretty good.
Back from the Sloppi Jo's launch, and lots of people came out for support and to feast on Las Vegas' latest addition to the food truck scene, Sloppi Jo's.

Ran into fellow yelpers Chris, Ken, Paolo, and Marianne...Lots of people braved the 35 degree cold(BRRRRRRRR!!!!!) but it was well worth it. We were the 6th customers in line and heres what we decided to attack:

The "Sloppi Jo"-Slow roasted pork with a red chile sauce topped with a fried egg and pickled onions.

Green Chili Chicken Stew-Chunks of chicken and veggies simmered in a green chili sauce

Pork Taco-with guacamole, pickled onions, and crema

Chicken Taco-with diced green chiles, cheese, and cabbage.

Sopapillas-Fried pillowy goodness dusted with powdered sugar and drizzled with honey butter-a nice sweet ending to a great meal!

Jo and her crew put out some tasty food showcasing the New Mexico Hatch Green Chiles regardless of the opening day jitters, timing issues with the food, and a blown out generator that left the kitchen crew cooking in the dark.

Every item we ordered had its own distinctive flavor, and the stew also had a nice heat to it. Both tacos were very tender, well seasoned and unlike any other taco I have ever tasted-in a GOOD way...Mahalo Jolene!!! We'll definitely be back to try the Green Chile Cheeseburger and the breakfast burrito.....ALOHA!!!
Awesome!
I recently watched the film "Whip It" and I've had the Dolly Parton song "Jolene" randomly pop into my head ever since. It doesn't help that Vegas's newest food truck is owned and operated by a person named Jolene.

Anyway, let me cut to the chase. Hands down, my absolute favorite item on Jolene's menu is the Green Chile Chicken Stew. Wow. Absolutely delicious. I first tried it at one of her preview events. It was so damn good, it completely overshadowed the Pork Tacos that I also tried. And it's the perfect thing to be holding in your hand, outside at a food truck, in this brrr-licious weather.

As for the Pork Tacos, they were pretty good. I'll have to try them again one day. At last night's official launch, I tried the Sloppi Jo and it was also delicious. It consists of slow-roasted pork with red chile sauce, pickled onions thrown into the mix, and topped with a fried egg. You get a couple of tortillas to go along with it. Interesting presentation.

At the preview event, they handed out Sopapillas, so I got to try a couple. They can be described as light pastry pillows topped with honey butter. Yummy and a nice way to cap off your meal.

Like I did with Jo's big brother, Fukuburger, I'm sticking with 4 stars initially. I want to try everything on her menu. Regardless, when the new year rolls around, I highly recommend getting out there and supporting our newest local biz on wheels.
Yup, I am a fan. It was one of their first nights on the road and the wait was around an hour long. Ugh. At one point I looked over and their lights were out and the guys were cooking in the dark to bang out our food! 

Here's the scoop on the grub. The Stew was INSANE! I loved it so much I contemplating ordering more. It's spicy, green chile-chicken stew served with a warm tortilla. This was awesome. Secondly I tried the Sloppi Jo. It was spicy, smokey pulled pork with an egg on it and it was also delicious. Lastly was the sopapillas which I was most excited for. Truth be told, not all that good. They were small, chewy and topped with a square of cinnamon butter (not melted) and dusted with powdered sugar. I would rather have one regular sized one that's puffy and light. They surely need to work on making these at least taste fresh. 

The prices were pretty reasonable for my wallet and the food was well above average. I am going to give them a month to work out the kinks and I will definitely be back for more stew and to try the tacos.
I am a fan of the food trucks in Veagas, and I am glad to welcome Sloppi Jo's into the fold.

The menu isn't the biggest in town, but everything is very well done. I have yet to have anything that I don't like on their menu.

I attended both the soft opening and their opening joint with FUKUburger, and it was the best of both worlds...Fukuburgers and Sloppi Jo's Hatch Chile inspired menu.

I'm including my review of their soft opening 

"Hatch Chile Cheese Burger- Burger Cooked to a perfect medium, served wrapped in a tortilla, with chilies.

I was impressed with the burger the patty was decent sized and cooked to a perfect medium, there was a little heat from the chilies, but it could use a little more bite (and I'm not really a chili guy).

Green Chicken Chile Stew- Chicken, peppers, potatoes, served with a tortilla on the side

The stew had a noticeable heat, but it wasn't overbearing, the chicken pieces were big, and the stew was great, I will be getting this again.

Next up was their Breakfast Burrito-
It was bit of a mess, but a tasty tasty mess. Tortilla wrapped around eggs, bacon, chilies, and topped with 2 different sauces, and some crema. I am not a breakfast burrito guy but this was amazing...If I'm out in the morning and the truck is within a drive of my house...I'm having one of these

Pork Taco-
The Pork could be one of the best menu items at SloppiJo's it's featured in the taco and the sloppijo, the taco was good, it had avocado on it, and sadly I'm not really an avocado fan, other than that they were delish.

The SloppiJo-

There is nothing I can say that will do this dish any justice other than YUM. It featured the pork which was topped with a fried egg and served with a few veggies and a tortilla, it was delicious, it was messy, and I will be having more of these in the future.

Sopapillas-

A perfect end to the meal...sugary and delicious."

My 2 favorite dishes are the Name Sake Sloppi Jo and the breakfast burrito.

I look forward to eating at Sloppi Jo's more in the future.
What an Amazing  Truck!!

First off, my friends and I were running a little late and we were worried that we were going to miss Sloppi Jo because they were only scheduled at Sapphire till 3am. We arrived in the parking lot 3 minutes till and it was difficult to park because of all the choas going on with the taxis. However when we walked up to the truck it seemed  as though they weren't leaving any time soon. 

I order the Sloppi Jo. This is definately a different twist than your average "sloopy joe" hence the different way of spelling they use and the owner even warns you ahead of time. The pork was very tender and well seasoned and cooked in this New Mexican type sauce with an egg all in a warm tortilla. Very pleased, can't complain. The only thing I could ask for is maybe if it was a little larger, I mean $6 is pretty standard, but the size did not match up to it's price.

My friends shared the pork tacos and said they were delicious. 

The amazing factors
1. It was pretty cold and one of my friend didn't have a jacket on and the owner brought out her own coat for my friend to wear while we were eating in front of the turck. 
2. She gave us free sopapillas, which I think was probably the best thing we ate from the truck. I've had never had them before, but boy were they good. If only the honey butter was a little bit more spreadable. 
3. While waiting for our food, I noticed a man next to us asked for a water cup. They didn't have any so she just gave him bottled water. That is really thoughtful of her rather than saying "we only have bottled water for $1." 

I can probably say this is the best costomer service I have ever experienced in my life.

Must try, 2 Thumps up for Sloppi Jo's!
Now that I've tried pretty much everything on Jolene's menu, I'm ready to update my review. There's no doubt in my mind. This is a 5-star hangout. Honestly, I think her Green Chile Chicken Stew is worth the price of admission alone. I've had it every single time I've visited and I absolutely love it. For me, it has quite a bit of heat initially, but that mellows out for the rest of the cup. I dread the day when Vegas gets too hot to enjoy a cup of this awesome stew.

As for the other items, I particularly like the Red Burger. It's not on her original menu, but rather one she added recently. It's ridiculously delicious. I also like the Breakfast Burrito. It's a knife and forker due to it being covered in Red and Green Chile sauce. I love the large chunks of bacon in it.

I won't regurgitate the other items from my original review. Bottom line: I highly recommend tracking this truck down and getting your stew on while the weather is perfect for it. It will be interesting to see if she brings on any new items once we hit triple digits.
The "Sloppi Jo", breakfast burrito, pork tacos, red burger(special), and the sopapillas are items offered by this delicious provocative yellow truck and what I have devoured so far. From what I know everything except the sopapillas have an awesome kick added. The spice is not too much, but not too weak either, and it lingers in my mouth craving for more. 

The "Sloppi Jo" is a twist on the traditional sloppy joe sandwich where everything is inside out, has a tortilla instead of a bun, uses slow roasted pork in a red chile sauce that I could just eat pounds of while watching tv, and a over easy egg, ohhhh yeah! I don't miss the traditional sloppy jo.. at all, leave this one for the adults and let the elementary kids have the messy ground meat in between two buns. 

Jo is also very nice, she keeps it personal with her customers (she even hugged me once), and makes you feel like you guys already know each other. I also like the supplies table, she has the forks, spoons, knifes, and some nice quality napkins (nice napkins is a star in my book haha) all stocked up and ready for you.  

Sometimes when I watch the food network or read some reviews I notice they really exaggerate how GREAT the food or the restaurant is. Don't you hate it when you're disappointed by your fellow foodies? Fortunately you won't be let down by Sloppi Jo's Roving Eatery truck of awesomeness. They're always working hard at some different time of the day (1130-3PM and something like 12-3am) giving you the opportunity to catch them. Find out where they are at via twitter : http://twitter.com/sloppijos  

P.S. I was at Sloppi Jo's maybe two hours ago and now I'm craving it.
I found out about Sloppi Jo's completely by accident. A few weeks ago as I pulled my rig out of the station to go on a call this bright yellow truck drove by. As it passed us I was able to read the name Sloppi Jo's in big letters on the side of the truck. Many of you are probably aware that "lunch trucks" are becoming quite popular right now. Because this truck caught my eye that morning I decided I needed to check it out. Upon visiting Sloppi Jo's webpage I discovered that they specialized in two of my favorite things: Hatch, New Mexico chiles and an owner that grew up on southern cooking. For me this is combination that can't be beat. Today I was able to track down the bright yellow truck and I was not disappointed.
The headline item on the menu is "The Sloppi Jo". I've found that anytime an eating establishment puts their name on a dish that it's the best place to start. The "Sloppi Jo" is slow roasted pork in a red chile sauce, topped with a fried egg and pickled onions. It's served with a large flour tortilla as opposed to a bun. To say that it was delicious would be an understatement! The pork was very tender and moist and the red chile sauce was done perfectly. The pickled onions didn't over power the rest of the meal and the fried egg was the perfect topper for the pork. This is an item I'm sure to order again on future visits.
While waiting for my food the trucks owner, Jo, was putting out some dessert items. The chocolate iced cupcakes she had drew my attention so I asked about them. Jo told me they were white cake with chocolate buttercream icing. The kicker was the buttercream had cinnamon and chile pepper in it. That sold me and I'm glad it did. Some people get a little freaked out when you tell them that there is chile in a chocolate dessert, but when it's done right the end result is awesome. These are certainly done right! She also had some cupcakes that are Guinness infused. That will be dessert on my next trip.
The prices at Sloppi Jo's Roving Eatery are more than reasonable. Everything on the menu is $5-$6.There were a number of people at the truck eating various items and to a person they all said their food was delicious. 
Sloppi Jo's website is sloppijos.com. There you will find her menu, schedule and some other info about the business. They are usually out during lunch time and late night on the weekends. If Sloppi Jo's is in your area they are worth checking out.
Saw it on the street today at lunchtime.  Pulled over and checked it on YELP, after which I just had to try it.
The young woman recommended the chicken stew when I asked her what to take back to my office. ..and told me to tear up the tortilla and drop it into the stew.
I took it back to work and found myself not in my office, but in heaven.  GREAT STUFF!  There's still a faint burning on my tongue, adn a slight wateriness in my eyes...and I can't wait to get back for more.  And next time, I'll get multiple orders...not that's it's not filling...it's just too damn good to not have more!!
The pork tacos here are amazing.  Generous size with crema, guacamole, pickled onions, and cheese.  The tortillas melt in your mouth.  Yum!

The cupcakes are also terrific.  I had a banana bread cupcake with peanut honey frosting.  So good.  I can't wait to come back and try more cupcakes and the signature sloppi jo dish.

I don't swing that way, but I have to admit that the Sloppi Jos crew is definitely easier on the eyes than the other food truck crews, save Snow Ono.  I really dig this new trend of woman-owned food trucks and I hope it continues!
3.5 Stars

Had been waiting for a good opportunity to try this truck out since I am a huge fan of New Mexican cuisine.  Enjoyed a sampling of pork tacos ($5), green chile chicken stew ($5) and a Sloppi Jo ($6).  The pork is very similar to carne adovada...tender with great flavor from the red chile sauce.  The stew was very good, although if you have spent much time in New Mexico it will probably leave you wanting a little more spice and substance.  The Sloppi Jo was definitely unique, incorporating the pork, a sunny-side up egg and pickled onions served with a tortilla and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again.  Although I didn't get the chance to try everything, the sopapillas looked authentic and they were even hooking up the Frito Pies.
I felt that portions were a little small for the prices, but I will likely be back thanks to the quality of food and perhaps a slight crush on the owner...lol.
This girl Jolene knows her stuff.  Everything made from scratch and with a lot of car.  Make sure you see where she'll be for the week and make sure you get there.  You don't want to miss this unique amazing truck on the Las Vegas street food scene.  My favorites are the 'Red Burger' and the 'Green Chili Stew.'
Finally able to check out Sloppi Jo's at STreats Festival. I tried the green chile potatoes and the Sloppi Jo. The Sloppi Jo consisted of very tender pork in spicy red sauce with a poached egg on top. Flavor explosion! I ignored the flimsy tortilla served with it and opted to just use a fork. 

Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, I tried the green chile potatoes. Because they were so yummy, I was nice enough to split them with my friend. But it wasn't easy because I wanted to lick the little paper boat they're served in! I would seriously hunt down Sloppi's just for these potatoes.
These guys ventured to the Gun Store parking lot so I made the trek over in order to sample some of their offerings. One thing that I like about these guys is that they were active in responding to twitter questions I had asked the night before, a show of initiative that I always appreciate. 

Walking up they have a small stand-alone sign that has their menu written on it. it's a small menu of only a few items; 2 burgers, their signature Sloppijo, 2 kinds of tacos and maybe one or two other things. They also offer Bluesky beverages, scones and muffins which is a nice touch considering their hours are all over the place.

There was a girl standing by the window who fielded the orders and handled the cash transactions so that the guys doing the cooking could focus. She was pleasant to interact with and happily described what was in the items. While I was waiting, she helped a guy customize his order so that he could avoid burning his palate. The prices are reasonable and the food was hot and flavorful.

 I brought their Sloppi Jo and the red burger home for my boyfriend and I to share. The Sloppi Jo was just that; sloppy! but very good :) it made the paper container start to go soft due to all the porky juices leaking from the red-chile drenched pork and egg. It was served with sauteed onions and a warm tortilla; the kind of food that would be delicious after a late night of sinful activities. The red burger was cooked to a nice medium rare and also had the sauteed onions with melted gooey cheese, an aioli sauce and bacon. 

Overall, it was satisfying, tasty food reasonably priced. If I'm ever in their neighborhood or they in mine, I'll be sure to stop by again!
I really want to like them.  really.  The owner is cute and friendly.

The truck is easy to find but...

the name is a misnomer and the sloppy joe tasted like mexican food.

I wanted to go have a sloppy joe ($6 each, I need two to fill up) not, carnitas.  And for the price, I can get better tasting carnitas at alot of other places.

The pork was tender enough, overly salty, not spicy, and did not
taste like a sloppy joe.  I liked the egg and pickled onions but, that was the best part.

I think they keep the price high to make up for volume but, if you have to eat in your car it should be cheap, greasy, and yummy.
From all the great reviews from other Yelpers that I follow and whos opinions I value, I came away from the Sloppi Jo's tasting experience a little underwhelmed at the recent Costco Food Truck Fest.  First it is not "sloppy joe" on the menu, just well, Mexican food.

I tried the signature "Sloppi Jo" which is slow roasted prok with red chile sauce, served with fried egg, pickled onions, and flour tortilla.  The pork was tender, but I thought it was too salty, and the flavor was kind of plain and one dimensional.  The pickled onions flavor was really subtle to the point where i thought it was just regular onions, and I didn't think it added to the overall flavor profile of the entire dish.  I do like the fried egg, but I crave the perfect simple fried egg with the runny yolk even when I am full and eating dessert.

While eating the Sloppi Jo, I was told that the Green Chile Stew was the bomb, but it was off the menu because the weather is getting too warm now.  I think if it is back on the menu, that will be the item I will definitely want to try, and maybe get a more positive food truck adventure experience in the process.

The super tall lady who was taking the orders was super nice (I didn't realize she was standing on a plastic crate until I walked by later in the day) and I have to say that it takes a lot of guts to get into the food truck/mobile food service business.  So best of luck with the venture.
It has been a while since the Vegas StrEats food truck festival. To be honest, I want to forget most of that night. If it wasn't for the Sound Clash between The Ting Tings and Cee-Lo, I would have scrapped the night as a bust. 

The line was disorganized and it was obvious that none of the food trucks were remotely prepared for the onslaught that came their way. The line was hectic, people were cutting me left and right. I wanted to yank on some old witch's weave because she knowing slipped ahead of me and then had the audacity to look back at me like she did nothing wrong. Even more so when her and her friends were behind me continued to have their conversation over me.

When I finally got up to the front I ordered the green chile stew only to be told that they ran out. I went through this process for another two turns. Eventually I settled for the Sloppi Jo. Aziz B. ordered the chili cheeseburger. We were told that they had just got a new batch of the pork so they were heating it up. After waiting 20 or so minutes we got our food. 

The pork was moist, but it was overly seasoned. It was so salty that I ended up putting it over some rice from Island Breeze. The pickled onions helped cut the saltiness and that was probably my favorite part of the dish. A tortilla is too thin to even out the sodium from the pork. My friend enjoyed his burger, but it looked messy. Yet again a tortilla just does not soak anything up and chili was everywhere. 

Definitely grab some napkins and a fork.
Attended the Las Vegas Streats Festival last night and since we got there fairly late some of the trucks had sold out of everything (Food Slingers, Fuku), some trucks had lines that were stupid long (Sliding Thru). We found the line at Sloppi Jo's to be fairly quick, I think we got our order placed within 6-7 minutes (they were out of burgers) so we decided to try the Sloppy Jo (pork chili topped with a fried egg and a side of tortilla). The way they had their truck set up it was the MOST organized of all the trucks down at the El Cortez. They had a lady taking orders OUTSIDE the truck and someone at the other side handing out orders. It went very smoothly. The Sloppy Jo was delicious and I look forward to trying the truck again to get the full experience and then update the review once I have tried more items.
Nom, nom, nom. I finally got around to trying Sloppi Jo's at the latest StrEATS. The wait for the actual food (post-ordering) seemed way long, but it was so worth it.

I had a difficult time deciding what to order. After much deliberating (hey, the ordering line was long too), I went with the green chile cheeseburger. OMG! It was pretty much the winner of everything I had at StrEATS. The flavors were so perfectly balanced. And having it wrapped in a flour tortilla so totally worked (I had some initial doubts).

So the green chile cheeseburger is a standard burger, topped with green chile and pepper jack cheese, and wrapped in a flour tortilla. The green chile was spectacular! And combined with the pepper jack, the flavors were popping and there was just the right amount of spice. It wasn't so hot it was overwhelming, but it was hot enough to remind you why spicy food rocks. And wrapped in a tortilla! Who would've thought that a burger wrapped in a tortilla would be so awesome (certainly not me), but it so totally was. Loved it!

But I can't give them 5 stars just yet as they definitely don't have the art of the food truck quite down yet. There were glitches, the wait seemed longer than it should've, and the staff weren't all that friendly and nice. (Sorry, but Slidin' Thru set the food truck bar pretty darn high.)

However, I am officially a big fan. And I can't wait to visit again and try some other menu items (though, admittedly, it will be difficult to order anything other than the cheeseburger as it was so good).
I love me some Sloppi Jo...and her food and bacon cupcakes!

This truck needs to rove around town some more!
...and it's now roving all over the place!

They have a consistent schedule now: www.sloppijos.com and m.sloppijos.com for mobile use


I will have to go with more of the low-carb menu selections, to preserve my figure for summer. Lay off the bacon cupcakes, and eat more of the Green chili tortilla burger and pork items without bread.

They say they get their meat from Village Meat and Wine. Now if they would pick up some of their prime meat and grill it for me, yum!
So to be very fair to Sloppi Jo's this was the final place I ate after eating at 7 food trucks in 24 hours during the Food Network truck race stop. I was so full but, I have been wanting to try this place for awhile and everything on the menu looked good. I had the tradition sloppi Jo which featured a seasoned pulled pork with an egg on top with tortilla. It was very good but I could not finish. I do wish it had little more spice and if they have a truly traditional ground version in a bun. But, I am very excited to try other things on an empty stomach and they had some deserts on the menu that looked unreal.
I have heard a lot of good things about Sloppi Jo's so I was glad to see the truck at a recent food truck event. I ordered the green chile cheeseburger. They used a tortilla in place of the bun. I really liked it and look forward to trying Sloppi Jo's again.
I tried Sloppi Jo at this month's StrEATS. My husband and I have a divide and conquer approach to sampling all the foods trucks. While he was in line Fukuburger, I went in search of my own eats to share. I came to Sloppi Jo and I was overwhelmed by the menu, it ALL sounded heavenly, I couldn't choose. I wanted everything. I knew I had to return with the man.

Well, he was just as torn as I. So, we ordered the sloppy jo, the BBQ pork sandwich and the mac n cheese. We went overboard considering this was our last truck of the night. The star was that pork sandwich, tender a little sloppy and oh, so good. The sloppy jo was fine and the mac n cheese was real tasty when it was piping hot. As soon as it cooled it became a congealed mess.

Next time, I must try the tacos.
Tried for the first time at the Ellis Island Smash Up and the Green Chili Mac and Cheese and the Sloppi Dog were excellent!  The credit card machine was not processing and she gave  it to us ..Gave her five bucks cash...(Didn't realize I would need cash at Food trucks...I am a newbie) then ran into her at Tacos and Tequila and paid her back and ate again  a redburger and tacos YUM!  I think I am now addicted...Cannot wait for the next time...My hubby too and my 7 year old loves the tres leches cupcakes..
A Red Burger with a pork taco on the side...I think that covers all the food groups.  Jo is a lady who really likes food...you can tell when you talk to her about it.  Andyou can tell when you eat it, because it's great.  Also picked up a couple of cupcakes; one with bacon and maple, the other a chocolate and chile...;but can't taste those until I get home and my wife gets a taste as well.
She makes me wish I was still a night owl, because she caters primarlily to the late night crowd.  I'm always happy when she does a day gig somewhere close to my job.
I highly recommend.
I've eaten here at least 3 times since I moved to LV. Fantastic food. The Hatch Green Chili Mac & Cheese, WOW! And the signature Sloppi Jo, it ain't a "manwich", it's a rich bowl of love! More recently tried the cupcakes, "breakfast" and "Elvis", both again great. If this truck is at a multi-truck event, be sure to try it.
Having only tried the bacon maple cupcake at the Pimpin' Street Fest a few weeks back, I was excited to see Jolene and the Sloppi Jo truck hanging out at Khoury's last night. 

I opted for the Sloppi Jo and one each of the red and green sliders, all protein style (no tortillas or bread). They packaged it up for the short trip home - along with some of the miniature bacon maple cupcakes, of course - and I tootled along. 

The signature Sloppi Jo was delicious. The very generous serving of pork was tender, well seasoned and, appropriately, a bit sloppy. The pickled onions were fantastic; the taste was sharp without being overpowering and everything was really fresh. The egg, once mixed in, gave a rich creaminess to the spice of the pork and the bite of the onion. (Hey Jo, I would love to try a green chile version of this!) 

The green slider, made with hatch green chiles, was good. The chiles made it for me; really fresh and spicy-hot with a great roasted taste, the chiles reminded me of dining in New Mexico (so much so I found myself looking up flights on Southwest!). The burger was a tad on the dry side, but the cheese and juicy chiles did a lot to bring it all together. All told, really great combination that I look forward to tasting again. 

The red slider didn't have the pop that the other dishes had - even knowing it wasn't meant to be as spicy - but it does have bacon and we all know you can't go wrong with bacon. The onions were perfectly cooked, sweet, and a great complement to the rest of the dish. It was a fabulous, tasty burger, no doubt about it, and I appreciated the smoother, subtler flavors in contrast to the spice and heat of the others. Still, I wanted something else with it. 

The cupcakes were fantastic. I brought home four of the minis (about an inch, maybe inch and a half square? Really mini!) and my friends went crazy for them! Candied bacon on top of some of the freshest icing we've ever had and the cake, usually a candidate for being too dry and hard when made so small, was moist and perfect with, yes!, more bacon inside! A great little sweet at the end of what was, overall, a great meal. 

Add to great food the great personality of Jo(lene). Smiley, bubbly, and sociable, she was taking orders, sharing insights, chatting up the wine and beer drinkers. She is laid back and, at once, fierce about her food and her love for what she does. She draws you in, feeds you well, and sends you off with a smile. Win-win-win!
I went here last night while downing some beers at Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits.  Sloppy Jo's was parked right in front so, why not?  My buddy and I shared the Spicy Grilled Cheese and the BBQ slider, and we each had a 'Red' Slider.  Hands down these were the best sliders from a food truck I have had.  I know some other places get the fame and glory but the meat on these sliders was cooked perfectly (and it didn't take 25 minutes to get our food)!  The onions, bacon, and sauce on the sliders just added another level to make them just plain delicious.  We both thought the grilled cheese had the perfect amount of spice to it and it was very cheesy, in a great way!  I was a little disappointed because they had run out of the green chiles and we couldn't try the 'Green' Slider or the Mac n' Cheese.  Understandable though because a bunch of dudes drinking a bunch of beers are going to get pretty hungry.  I don't see why I wouldn't try this place again because I'm sure I will go back to Khoury's and if Sloppi Jo's is out in front, I'll be in line for some more sliders!
I finally tracked down Sloppi Jo's for lunch in the southwest. The pork tacos (2 for $6) were unreal. They had a distinct "New Mexico" taste with the red chile spiced pork -- a completely different  flavor than any Mexican street style taco. Tender, well seasoned, with a touch of heat, these pork tacos with guacamole, pickled onions, la crema, and queso fresco were generously stuffed. So much so that the corn tortillas couldn't handle all of that deliciousness and fell apart. You're not going to look pretty eating these, but it's worth it to savor every last scrap.

The BBQ slider ($3) is another item that shouldn't be missed. Filled with a tender beef patty, jack cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce, red chile mayo, and crispy onions, this is one of the better sliders in town. The meat to bun ratio was perfect, the flavor was mouthwatering, and there was plenty of textural contrast with the beef and crispy onions.

With all the other items on their menu -- the sloppi jo, chicken tacos, mac-n-cheese, other sliders, and desserts -- there's plenty of reason to return.
After the last couple of weeks and then the Street Food Throwdown... this needs updating... Jo has more than earned that extra star.

Mac n' Cheese, not usually something you will find me eating... until this. Not to take away from the base mac n' cheese which is tender, cheesy, gooey, and flavorful all by itself, but Jo has specials. The one I had included hatch green chiles and andouille sausage. Probably the best mac n' cheese I have *ever* tasted... add to that amazing creaminess a roasted meatiness and a deep spiciness?

Holy. Foodgasm. Batman.

Then, the throwdown! Food trucks in Vegas are just this side of gourmet already, so you hear often of various sandwiches, dogs, desserts and drinks... but what about frog's legs?

"Ribbit!" (Translation: Wowza! Frog's legs on a food truck?!)

They were a tad on the salty side which, in my opinion, would be the only reason she didn't win. I have to think it was an extremely tough decision (see my thoughts on the winner here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/lulus-on-the-move-las-vegas#hrid:iNMumhPDcmOmHIbcE_eRAg ) because Jo's frog's leg dish was meaty and tender, spiced just right (aside from aforementioned salt on some of them), breaded perfectly, and amazingly well executed.

Add to our shared meal a signature Sloppi Jo... Food truck heaven in little paper dishes.

Sloppi Jo's continues to prove, time after time, why they deserve to be part of Vegas' food truck royalty! Huzzah!
I love the food truck craze that has struck Las Vegas.

My first experience with a food truck was at Slidin Thru, and they really set the bar high. The next place I went to was Fukuburger, who was equally as awesome. Needless to say my expectations were very high when my wife and I wen to try out Sloppi Jo's. Those expectations were not met.

While the menu provides a pretty good variety of food, we thought we'd both go with the signature dish the Sloppi Jo. You can't go wrong with the dish that's the name of the truck, right? Eh, wrong. The non-traditional sloppy joe is pork that is slow cooked in their red chile sauce and topped with a sunny side up egg. It's also served with pickled onions and a tortilla. I chose to build a burrito. The pork was a bit dry and the red sauce surprisingly had very little flavor. The onions didn't taste like they had been pickled, more like marinated for 20-30 minutes then served. I expected my mouth to explode when I took my first bite, but that didn't happen. The sunny side up egg is a great addition to the burrito as it added some moistness that was well needed. The tortilla was outstanding, but when the contents inside it aren't great it makes for a very mediocre burrito. From a presentation standpoint I thought it was just okay. Value was just so-so as the self made burritto really wasn't enough.

Now the menu is diverse so I would like to try something else. Maybe it was just an off night or maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. I'll try it again, but for me it just wasn't great this time around.
Tonight was our first food truck experience. We saw the ad for the event at Ellis Island tonight with 3 food trucks and thought this was our chance to see what all the fuss was about. Sadly, we could have skipped it. The only redeeming item we had was the hamburger from Sloppi Jo, which was tasty. The chicken tacos were horrible and we only ate two bites, the mac and cheese not much better. 
I thought the deal was the food trucks are gourmet, not the case tonight. The wait to get your food was also very lengthy, thinking we should have went to a brick & mortar.
Stopped at Tommy Rockers for the food truck meet up last night. Alot of options but i always wanted to try Sloppi Jo's and i'm glad i did.
I went with the pork tacos and they wey soooo good. The pork was moist and tender. The combinig flavors of the chillies and the crem fresh cheese all came together for a perfect taco. Only about a 5 minute wait. Can't wait to meet up with them again!
Very impressed with the food and the owner's (Jolene Manning) drive to provide both great food and a great eating experience.  Impressive menu and while the Red Burger, Green Chili Cheeseburger, and Chicken Taco were tasty (in that order) the best dish by far was the Sloppi Jo; and not a traditional Sloppy Jo in any way!  Pulled pork, a sunny side up egg with a sprinkle of pepper powder, red chile sauce, and pickled onions served on a flour tortilla.  Simply outstanding!!  I had the Sloppi Jo, the Red Burger, and the Green Chili Cheeseburger along with a Mandarin orange soda and for dessert a vanilla tres leche cupcake that required a fork to eat (not huge but a fork needed).  Also a chocolate cupcake with cream cheese topping and then a bit of chocolate sauce.  Finally, the chili peppers on the food, that the food was cooked in, or soaked in are from Hatch, NM and add an additional taste that really makes the meal(s).
Soooooooo good. My office picked up a load of 15 bunz and each of the sides and split it all so we could try everything. The order was $40 split among 5-6 people and we were all stuffed afterwards. The favorites were the ribs, the pork, and the chicken. The mac n cheese was probably the weakest - but honestly it was all good. The meat tasted so good with the sweet bread! All of the sides were awesome too. Follow them on Twitter and check them out when they're nearby!
This thought was running through my mind as I ate these buns, "Why haven't I had dim sum that offered buns as tasty as this?"  Sure, you could argue that you're not going to find spaghetti filled buns while eating dim sum, but that's beside the point!  Here's a breakdown of the menu: (pictured here http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=MZ000fT2g5Ww9Tw8OkCtYg)

Bacon Bird - cheese dough w/ creamy chicken & bacon filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=UB2iCvcS_b-gaEbgQ1K1Gw)  Probably my second favorite.  I'd probably like it with more cream sauce and bacon, but that's the glutton in me talking.

McCheesy - mushroom dough w/ truffle mac-n-cheese filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=TJH2HWSRDAAnawTsC3QSJQ) Dominant truffle flavor, not as cheesy as I would have hoped, but still tasty with that mushroom bun.

Sloppy Bun - thyme dough w/ spaghetti filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=ZcKOhk0T89Of2_HxyR2JXg)  This was my favorite!  Maria L. was spot on with her comparison to scooping up the last bit of spaghetti with your bread.

BBQ Rib - cilantro dough w/ Mom's BBQ beef filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=M21vsLD4RpfI6WtqpzNLCw)  I was surprised at how moist the beef was inside the bun.

The Dilly - green onion dough w/ Pop's ground beef filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=IEV7U49flzyc4QKdInZnpA)  Not my preference, it was okay.

Hot Pig -  jalapeno dough w/ spicy pork filling (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8z5yR4GrOmdhy9RvNt_Djg?select=bXvr9e0_TQ83RI3nZwDdsg)  I didn't really get any spice.

The Sloppy Bun, Bacon Bird and McCheesy were my favorites; you could eat these blindfolded and know what they were easily.  The other three didn't seem to have a distinctive flavor profile; yes, I knew that the main meat was (shredded beef/ground beef/pork) but it didn't excite the taste buds.  On my next trip I'll have to try the truffle tator tots and some dessert!

My one suggestion for eating at TastyBunz is this: don't come here on an empty stomach.  I ordered six buns for $11, and ended up eating them all!  In the end I was satisfied, and not overly full.  TastyBunz seems like the perfect spot to hit up with a couple of friends when you want a snack.  Split the cost, get the tots, try some desserts; I think it's more economical than spending $11 on one meal!

I'll be sure to try the sides and desserts on my next visit!
Amazing food, courteous staff, and an all around excellent experience. Follow them around the city and never cook again!!!!
bacon dog is CRACKIN!!!

me frys and me tots killer breakfast!!!
I was really excited about this food truck.  The concept is definitely unique and who wouldn't like a bun stuffed with mac and cheese.  The staff is really nice and I really like the sides.  The truffle tater tots are to die for and the Frisco garlic fries are also great.  But the buns are pretty bland.

I came to the grand opening at Costco and I've tried to visit every time they are at Costco so I could try all the buns.  I've tried everything except the sloppy bun, a bun stuffed with spaghetti, which I am eager to try but they've been out.

The pork special (now called Hot Pig?) is ok but not spicy.  

Dad's picadilly is interesting, but not very tasty.  Like taco meat with some vegetables in it.  There is dill in the bun, but I couldn't really taste it.

Mac and cheese bun (now McCheesy, I think) is mac and cheese in a bun.  There is supposed to be mushrooms and/or truffle in the bun but I could not taste either.  But the second time I tried it, I got more truffle flavor in the mac and cheese. But I think I built this one up too much in my head and it just disappointed me in the end.

BBQ rib bun was ok.  There is cilantro in the bun, but I can't really taste it.

The bacon bird bun is probably my favorite so far.  Nice bacon flavor and very creamy.  But again, not getting much flavor from the bun.

I also tried the Me fries but they are a little overwhelming with the egg.  I could not finish it all.  I'll probably stick with the Frisco fries.

The dessert potstickers are super sweet.  So sweet they hurt my teeth somehow.  Unfortunately I just can't deal with the sweetness, but I've only tried the smores potstickers, which are fried pastry potstickers stuffed with chocolate and covered with condensed milk and graham crackers. Maybe others are less sweet.  You can try all three if you order the happy ending.  Cute.

This is the only food truck I've encountered anywhere that does not include tax in the price.  So bring change or expect to get a lot back.  3 buns are $6 without tax but $6.49 with tax, if that helps.

That being said, it's a new truck and has a lot of potential.  It looks like they are changing up the menu and making new items.  So I'll likely be back for the sloppy bun and other menu items. If something strikes my fancy, I'll definitely re-review.
Staffed with super-friendly people who obviously love their work, TastyBunz has arguably the most idiosyncratic offerings in the local food truck market: bite-sized buns filled with a variety of fillings, ranging from spiced pork to mac-n-cheese with truffles. I've had everything on their menu, and I've enjoyed it all, especially their Tocino slider and their lumpia.
So my initial reaction when I heard about TastyBunz was "LITTLE BUNS STUFFED WITH SOMETHING OTHER THAN CHINESE BBQ PORK? I'M DOWN". A bun stuffed with mac & cheese with truffles? Who wouldn't be down for that. TastyBunz has a cool concept and I can appreciate the work that goes into making each of the unique buns, but it falls a bit short for me. 

I guess what first falls is that tax is separate from their prices so.. 1 bun for $3 to $3.24, 3 buns for $6 to $6.49, and 6 buns for $11 to $11.89. A litle bit pricey, but what can you do? They don't accept card so you will have some change. The buns are pretty bite size and the ratio of dough to meat is somewhat leaning on the dough side, but maybe thats the only way to cook it?

 The McCheesy is stuffed with mac & cheese with truffles, but it didn't seem to have a dominant truffle flavor. 

The bbq rib bun was interesting, cilantro mixed into the dough and the rib was still moist, rib was tasty, but couldn't taste the cilantro.

The bacon bird is probably my favorite of the ones I've tried, reminded of a chicken bake from Costco because it had a nice creamy chicken and bacon filling.

I haven't had the sloppy bun (spaghetti filled) yet because they've always been out.. arghhhh. 

The bacon dog (~$4 something) was pretty delish, it is split fried, and has a heavy garlic aioli sauce.

The packaging is pretty cool and a custom sticker to seal it is a nice touch. I'll probably visit again to get the sloppy bun and try some of their desserts. 

Side note: if you're a big eater like me then come hungry, but not starving lol.
Tried this at the big food truck meetup by costco today. It looked interesting, and I love truffley things, so it was my truck choice. I got the jalapeno pork bun with truffle tots. The bun, in my opinion, was way too small for the price. $3 for about 3 bites. The pork filling was tasty, but not spicy. Dough was pleasant, just not worth the price. The tots were tasty, but kind of greasy and not truffley at all. The "fancy truffle sauce" was like thousand island. Eeh.
Nice people, and the food has potential, but I was a little disappointed.
I love the concept of this truck -- delicious buns filled with a variety of savory options. The folks running the truck are great also. But the execution needs some work, in my opinion. My main gripe is that there was too much dough and not enough filling. Talk about carb loading...

My two favorite buns were the "BBQ rib" (cilantro infused dough with BBQ beef) and the "bacon bird" (cheese infused dough with a creamy bacon chicken filling). The "hot pig" (jalapeño infused dough with Asian pork) was decent and had a bit of a kick to it and the "McCheezy" (mushroom dough with mushroom truffle mac 'n cheese) was a little bland for my taste.

Without a doubt, all the dough was top notch. The outsides were a little crispy and the interior of the buns were all chewy and warm. But again, I just wanted more meat.

The one dessert I tried was the "Sticky Nanas" (banana chocolate filled potstickers). If you have a sweet tooth, this is one dessert you need to try! It's incredibly sweet, rich and delicious and the smell of these bad boys is intoxicating. But, you'll want to brush your teeth afterwards because there is a ton of sugar in each bite.

If you're looking for a quick bite, this is a great food truck to hit up. These buns aren't cooked to order, afterall. So you can order and be on your way in a couple minutes. It's great if you have to eat and run. At $12.97 (for 4 buns and one dessert) it was a pricey lunch that still left me a little hungry.

3.5 Stars
Hmmm I am thinking everyone who wrote the reviews are these people's friends? I don't understand. We tried it only because it was next to our favorite Snow Ono and we are always down for trying new food trucks. This truck needs a lot of work. I find the truck owners for Snow Ono, Fukuburger, and others very friendly. The person working here was not friendly at all.  We got 3 bunz. If the truck is called Tasty Bunz it better be really good! "BBQ rib" (cilantro infused dough with BBQ beef) was DRY and tasted old, not even worth the calories.  "bacon bird" (cheese infused dough with a creamy bacon chicken filling) had very little taste and was not creamy. The fiance said he could not even spot one piece of bacon. The "McCheezy" (mushroom dough with mushroom truffle mac 'n cheese)-hard to believe there is any truffle oil in there and I guess I expected top notch mac n cheese, instead I got flavorless mac n cheese, barely edible. I will not waste my $ here again.
Their BUNZ are surely TASTY!   I usually need my TastyBunz fix at least ONCE A WEEK.  Yes, you heard right... once a damm week!   'Cuz if you're not on these BUNZ, you're definitely missin out!!

My favorite items:
- Bacon Bird Bun
- RIB Bun
- Truffle Tater Tots
- ME TOTS (on a secret menu item. You'd have to look directly up when you're at the register and you'll see a pic of it!!!!): comes with bacon, a special sauce, a fried egg, and garnishes.  I'm hungry just typing this out!!!!
- Sweet OOHhhhs: deep fried tempura oreos. OMG... who would've known! So yummy, so sweet, so soft, and SO orgasmic!  

I LOVE how all the food on the truck is mostly made from scratch.  It really shows the amount of the love and dedication they they put into providing really good food.

Friendly service.  Nice personal touch on their boxes with their stickers.  I heard they also cater!! NICE!
Tasty Bunz... are YUMMY Bunz.... gotta go grab me some Bunz tonight!  :)

Finally got to try this truck at the strEATS festival the other night... 
What a great concept... the truck and the festival.  :)
How convenient that you can get bread and meat... at the same time and it's not your typical sandwich.  

The buns are on the small side... probably about 3 bites eat unless you have a big mouth and take big bites.  

Ordered:
* Lumpia - not the kind that my family usually makes with meat and veggies... this was all seasoned meat in a lumpia wrapper... and Boy, Oh Boy was it savory, juicy and tasty!  Didn't need the dipping sauce at all.

* Hot Pig - pulled pork with jalapenos... I was expecting it to be 'hotter' but it wasn't... still... it was savory and I'd like to get me some more

* MacCheesy - truffle mac and cheese inside a bun... sign me up!  The truffle flavor was slight which was good (I think) because truffle can be strong and overpowering... in this case... you could taste the mac n cheese and savor every bite and taste the flavors without one flavor dominating the other

* BBQ Rib - a little dry so I dipped it in the lumpia swee/sour sauce... I'd still get it again

The buns are soft and yummy.... again... I just love the concept.

Next time I'll have to get the tots... which I hear are killer... and the desserts which looked fabulous.
The Manny Pacquaio is the bomb!
First (and possibly last) time I tried Tastybunz was at the first Food Truck Fest....We got 3 bunz-Bacon Bird, Mac N Cheese, and don't remember the other one...Also got their Tocino Slider, and the saving grace was the fried egg on top....Like everyone says, Too much bunz, not enough tasty.

Overall, not a good first visit...its gonna take alot to get me to pay another visit(I still haven't given Hanshiktaco another visit either)...They'll probably be at the next Food Truck Fest, but I think I'll give other vendors a shot...ALOHA!!!
I finally went to a Food Truck Fest. I didn't know which food truck to order from so I did order from here and Hanshiktaco.

Must try the Manny Pacquaio tacos they are deliciously good. As for the garlic fries, they were loaded with flavor but you better make sure to bring some gum cause your breath is gonna be kickin. I didn't have room to try anymore of their food but I will definitely try them out again. 

The staff was really friendly and helpful because I didn't know what to order and the guy (sorry I don't know his name) explained the menu to me.
We tried out TastyBunz at a recent food truck fest. We got the McCheesy (mushroom dough filled with truffle mac and cheese), Hot Pig (jalapeno dough filled with spicy pork), and a Bacon Bird (cheese dough filled with creamy chicken and bacon).

They were all good. It's kind of an interesting concept: small buns stuffed with gourmetish fillings.
Food Truck Fest II at MLK Costco!
I headed down to the festival early to avoid the crowds and got my 3 tasty buns:  mac n cheese, pork, and the bbq rib.  My favorites are the mac n cheese and the bbq rib, with tater tots on the side.  This is my second time at the truck and I really dig how they're similar to Filipino siopao with a twist.  They had someone taking orders outside of the truck which was helpful: instead of having someone in the truck yelling down at you, you could speak face-to-face and get info about the menu and offerings.  Three buns plus more than enough tater tots was enough to fill me up.
The people are friendly and the food is good--that's all I have to say about that--Pinoy Power!
05/07/11 DUNCH. 

Chicen & bacon, mac & cheese &  truffle, beef curry, and those FRIES WITH GARLIC SAUCE! All fantastic.
I was a bit skeptical with the lukewarm reviews from my buddies and rave ones from others, but trying is always the best way to find out who's right. 

The BF and I tried 3 buns. It took us a while since the menu was written down but not quite in a organized manner so you have to focus in on what's what. 

Truffle Mac&Cheese- these had a good truffle flavor to it. I was apprehensive about macaroni, but it went with the chewy texture. It was a nice surprise and pretty tasty.

Hot Pig- this was okay, but I was expecting hot pig/jalapeno would have a bit of kick. 

Beef curry- This was a good idea, however I was feeling like the curry was very "raw" tasting. When you cook curry and don't blend and cook well, it kinda is a bit sharp. I wouldn't get this one again.

I like the texture of the sticky bread and would get the truffle mac&cheese again. I think it's rather small for the price, but it's not like you can get these type of buns in Chinatown or anywhere else. I'm open to trying more of this truck, but I don't think it's one I would chase around town. It's a frequent food truck fest goer and I will try some more. For the hit and miss though, I think a A-OK rating is fair.
two tries and the same result - golf ball sized buns costing about $2 / each, too much dough and sweetness, not enough filling.

Mac & Cheese - little cheese/little flavor

Hot Pig - there was nothing hot about it - no spice, no temperature heat, and sadly, no flavor.

pulled - pork - can't remember the name but it was a pulled pork filling that was ok but again - the dough was too much for me.

I like the concept, the service is good, but it's all about the flava and sadly, there's not enough for me to return !
I have been wanting to try this food truck ever since I saw them at Vegas STReats  and the line was too long. I had the 3 buns for $6 and I chose the Beef Curry, BBQ Rib, and hot pig. The hot pig was my favorite by far with a little jalapeno kick. The beef curry was not spicy enough and the bbq rib was too doughy and not cooked enough. The buns are a little small but I am eager to try again. The Lumpia was really good though and perfectly greasy and crunchy.
I'm just going to dive right in with this one. I really adored the Cafe Mocha cake ball. The lemon was pretty good as well. I'm quite enthusiastic about bite sized cakes/pastries/cookies so these were right up my alley. The s'more's potstickers were good, but then again, who wouldn't like deep fried chocolate goodness?

My coworker shared her truffle tots with me and they were quite delish. Not quite what I would order but I'm not a truffle fanatic. They were the deluxe order so it was topped with bacon and a fried egg. She really enjoyed them but commented, "The sauce was a bit over powering." I was all about the garlic fries. I think the creamy sauce and the slivers of garlic are what did it for me. 

Now I bet you are thinking, "What about buns, when are you going to get to the buns, isn't that what their name sake is?" The buns, hmm ... I frankly have to say "I think they need work." I showed up thinking I was going to score some soft fluffy Filipino siopao the size of softballs cut in half like my mom makes. Image my surprise when I lift this small palm sized muffin top out of the box. And even though it was savory (the Bacon Bird) it was coated with a sweet sticky glaze ?? The dough, not bad a little heavy, the filling flavorful but dry instead of creamy. I also think that they needed to be a little more golden brown on the top. These were as pale as Louis in Interview with the Vampire.

So in all, not a bad jaunt to try something new. At the very least, if I see them around town, I will pop over for some fries and cake balls. If I could, I would give 3.5 stars just for the fact that they had Coke made with Cane Sugar in the Glass Bottles!
I wish they would come closer to the southwest at least once a week.  I really like this food truck.  The people are friendly and service has been great as well.

We've had their Manny Pacquiao tacos 4/5, stuffed hotdog 3/5, mac n cheese bun 3/5, tator tots truffle deluxe 5/5.

Omg!  Those tator tots are frigging the bidniz the bidnaz.  Genius!  

Like I said, I wish they traveled closer to my area.  Having to haul my family to hunt down tasty bunz in the other side of Vegas is a pain in the ass.
This food truck will change your life!

I am a HUGE HUGE HUGE fan of almost all their food! They have amazing tocino gyros, truffle tots, tocino sliders, deep fried oreos, crispy pata tacos, and braised short rib sliders. Oh, also... you need to try their pork sisig fries. 

Be very careful though, they change out foods... so to give people a taste of different foods they can offer. But don't fret if it isn't there one day.... they just like to rotate through their menu. 

You can go to their twitter or facebook... and they update their location everyday.
We were at a private event at the Anthem Country Club for a car show for Fathers Day. There were several trucks: Tasty Bunz, Grouchy Johns, Italian Ice & Cheesesteak, Sloppi Joes, Haulin Ballz, and Food Slingers. We have heard so many good things about Tasty Bunz. Here is what my bf and I ordered:
1. Me tots- These tots are smothered with a special sauce and a perfectly cooked egg on tot. EGGS WITH TOTS! R U KIDDING ME?! this is totally comfort food!
2. McCheezy, Bacon Bird, and Queso- Diaz Bunz- MMmmm the bun is sweet and each has a different flavor. Our favorite was the Queso- Diaz... it tastes like spicy nachos on steroids! Sooo good!
3. Sticky Nanas- comes with 3 potstickers and the filling is bananas and yummy sauce.... it tastes like a banana cheesecake... warm.. gooey... goodness! #superbombdotcom!!!!
4. Secret Slider with guac, real thick bacon, onion rings! YUM

Try it, you wont be disappointed. Tasty Bunz you guys put the FOOD in SOULFOOD/ COMFORTFOOD!!!

:)
TATOR TOTZ HEAVEN!@#!@#!.....i always loved tator totz as a child in elementary school but it seems like now days, the only place you can get them is at Sonic.  Well Sonic, GTFO because the Truffle Tots and TastyBunz Annihilates you!!!

Also, get the freakin garlic fries, they put this white creamy gushy good sauce on it that makes it all the better...STOP THINKING NASTY THOUGHTS U PERVVSS. but seriously garlic fries.

Cant say much about their bunz since I've never tried.  Yes kinda dumb I know since it is their signature item.

Anyways TOTZ and Fries what more can you ask for.
Love the tots! I get them every time i am near this truck! Can't wait to try them with the fried egg on top!
This truck does not lie. They have buns and they are tasty.

My beef is that they never have enough buns, hence the 4 stars. I've only been able to try a few of their buns. The Mac N Cheese, the burger one, and one that was the special for the day. 

Their tots... OMG, are to die for. GARLIC TRUFFLE TOTZ. I could eat these all day, e'ery day. SOOOOO epically awesome. Really, they're so good, I wanna dip my balls in them (if I had balls).

They guys are super, duper nice and answer all my annoying questions. They're not as fast as other trucks, but I think it's because buns need to be backed and not fried.

Definitely check these guys out. It's melt in your mouth delectable!
The really good: 

The flavors were as advertised, all the way, both for the breads and the stuffing. They smelled fantastic, the flavors all went very well together, and the food was fresh. Delivered fast and hot not long after I ordered (at a busy truck fest, no less!). Bonus!

**** (4.5 stars for flavor and service!)

The not so good:

The different stuffings were really good, but there wasn't enough of them. That could be minor, however...

I often caveat reviews with the reminder that I don't eat bread. I will, when it's appropriate or especially tasty, have a little. The bread buns were, excepting the flavors I mentioned already, disappointing. There was just too much of it. Add that two of the three I tried were more than just a little doughy... I had higher hopes and it really detracted from the rest.

** (2 stars for lack of filling and the texture.)

I can admit, I was torn on this one. Overall, a tasty bit to bite into... An A-OK, 3 star bite. 

I won't pretend to know the logistics of it all, but I will say that I hope to see it change a bit. Less dough, maybe a little crispy on the outside, soft inside, with some more of those great fillings?
I have a new love for Tots... as I walked over each Food Truck to see what they offered outside Tommy Rocker's.. I came across TastyBunz. It was hard as hail to read their marker writings for the menu selections on their see through windows, but I came across the word.. Tots and a photo of it on the truck. What got my undivided attention, which people with A.D.D indeed are less prone in having... a Truffle flavored Tots with fancy Truffle Sauce... Hmmm Veeery Interesting I told myself. Something else caught my eyes, but that's something left to my imagination. Ordered one and it was steaming hot.. all packed up in a sturdy white box and had the utensils inside all ready for chow down. I thought just that was appealing to see.

As I received my Truffle Tatter Tots, the aroma filled my nose with deep heavy scent of Truffles. It even made me salivate from inhaling this flavored Tots. The portion and size was beyond generous... amazing outer crust crunch. Crisp and light... the center was soft and steamy. I literally made the Oh face hot look. I like the fact that even when 20 mins. went by.. those Tots were still packed with steam. The flavor was sexy, fun, jammin'!!! Absolutely the best Truffle Tatter Tots to date. It was the perfect blend without the crazy salt or spice. I loved it!

The service was exceptional. He was ready to take my order right when I walked up. Very attentive and made sure that's all I wanted. If the service is warm and welcoming... it can bring Anybody back. Big winner with my new love for Tots. This is on my Hot List... for more reasons than one.
I wasn't expecting to review @TastyBunz again, but after a lunch with coworkers last week, it has to be done. 

I picked up three of the bunz and a bacon-stuffed hot dog to take back with me as my contribution to our little impromptu soiree.

I wish I could remember exactly what we had (I can't tell from my own photos; I usually snap the menu, just in case)... but one was a curried chicken, one was a pesto (?) chicken and the other was, I think, a pulled pork. (Shoot, was it the mac?)

The important part is that everything was executed PERFECTLY. Just the right amount of bun and stuffing. The flavors were amazing. The texture of the bunz today? Spot-freaking- on. A light crisp to the outside, tender and soft on the inside without being doughy (exactly what I said previously that I was hoping for), and the infused flavors (sun dried tomato!) were excellent. Two very happy thumbs up!

The bacon-stuffed hot dog, I have to say, was the winner for me. Maybe it's because I can't enjoy the bread like everyone else, or maybe it was the kicked up (really spicy in the best way!) garlic aioli. A fantastic bite back from that sauce, not for the weak, and totally worth being subbed in for my salad that afternoon.

Awesome way to prove your mettle, guys, as it was a fantastic meal (and you have new fans!).
Tasty Bunz is exactly what the name states... Tasty!! Food comes in sampler portions but you get a bang for your buck. The only thing I can say that upsets me is that Tasty Bunz only serves on the depressing UMC hospital parking lot. I mean who really wants to purchase food from a hospital parking lot? Besides that, they have great food from tacos, to sliders, and the amazing MAC & Cheese bites.
Tatsy BUNZ is one of the food trucks I Frequent most.

My favorite of the BUNZ was the pulled pork and the marinated BEEF one. They have the most flavor and best bun to filling ratio out of the lot.

The mac and cheese bun needs work on its filling content. Its a great idea..just needs the flavor dialed up a few notches.

The me tots....are just awesome IMO. Its just a mindblowing mix of flavors and a heaping for a serving.

The yhave dabbled into other areas including dessert and sadly I have not tried any of those other items but will update when I do,

Final impression is this is a great idea and some good food....just think there needs to be a little more concentration of the menu items and to make the the best possible instead of trying to carry so many different types of food items.
best. garlic fries. ever.
How I love Tasty Bunz! AMAZING! They are my favorite food truck in Vegas. 

The mix of the sweetness in the bread with the stuffing is simply the best. 

The bacon birdie is the best. It is a flavor explosion! The mac cheesy could use a little work. Slightly bland. The beef (forgot the name) is my other favorite. Kinda sweet, very tender and oh so good! 

They must be fresh. I got them once at StrEATs once they were cool and they were not so great! But you gotta understand you are serving thousands out there! 

So thank you Tasty Bunz for being my guilty pleasure! (And when you pair up with Grouchy Johns you make me a happy fat kid! )
I love Tasty Bunz!!!  The Tots are amazing and the Bunz, especially the mac & cheese are all great!

You have to try the Sticky Nanas for dessert too, if they aren't sold out of it.  There is really nothing bad to eat on the truck, as I have tasted everything on it.

All the guys on the truck are awesome and they have the best attitudes when they are out working.  Thanks EJ for making some great food truck food!
Tasty Bunz was our last stop at StrEATs. We were pretty full but ultimately saved enough room for a bun with jalapenos and pancetta and an order of the nutty professor with white chocolate and carmel sauce.

I'm giving three stars because there is far more menu to sample, but first impressions were promising. We liked the bun, it was a tasty snack you don't get every day. The nutty professor? Goodness, I'm in love. Nutter Butters are my favorite store bought cookie, never once thought about deep frying them, but I'm glad TastyBunz did. I'm hooked.
I encountered tastybunz at a movie in the park in my neighborhood. I something from them because I kinda felt bad- the line for slidin' thru was absolutely gigantic, but for some reason, no one wanted tastybunz! I ordered the big cheesy.

It was ok. The dough was very good, but may have been too sweet. I actually could have used more flavor from the mac and cheese inside the bun- i didn't think it was cheesy enough. But the mere idea of this is absolutely amazing.

On the way home, I wanted to get a snack for the road, so I stopped by here and ordered the SF garlic fries. This is why i'm giving them 4 stars. they were SICK. They were basically shoestring fries, tossed in salt and garlic powder, topped with a garlic mayo-creme sauce and parsley. DELICIOUS. out of this world! Totally made up for my too sweet slightly bland bun! These things were amazing!

I love the variety of their menu. From their different buns, to their fries with bacon and eggs on top... i can't wait to try their other items!
Went here because I saw a Groupon Now offer & was close by. I was eager based on the majority of the reviews & the fact that I love food trucks. Approached the truck, no line, ordered three bunz: bacon bird, Mac n cheese, & a plain along with some truffle tots. I have to say this is the first food truck where I did not finish all of my food. The tots were greasy & not very flavorful. The bunz were meh! I just did not like them, there was very little filling, & when there was filling it was not good. I had a credit on Groupon so I actually got my Groupon & meal for free, but I feel that free is way too much to pay for this! Also, the crew was not as friendly as other food trucks were. I mean I am coming out of my way to find your truck, you can smile or say hi or something! 

On a better note, located next to this truck was Grouchy Johns. I only had a couple bucks on me & was looking for their most inexpensive cold drink. I was immediately greeted by the owners when I approached the truck. I was reading the menu to myself, but aloud, and saw sweet tea. I told them I only had a couple of bucks & they took it & gave me a large sweet tea! Nice! That is the kind of service I'm used to from food trucks. I'll go out of my way to find Grouchy Johns...I'll drive right by TastyBunz.
Bunz so tasty, make you wanna slap your GF!!!
oh...tasty bunz. you have done mama tasty bunz proud my friend! Anytime I get a chance to run into them (usually at the food truck festivals) I always see to it that I grab some of these buntastic delights! I mean whoever thought of the idea of putting these wonderful concoctions inside a beautifully and deliciously made bun is genius! Only thing missing here is a restaurant with a bunch of metal carts being pushed around by fun servers during lunch. If that idea is ever invented sometime around, let me know, and I'll order two of everything!!!

I had the The Blu which has this wonderful chicken and cheese combination inside. It was delicious and went great with the sweet soft taste of the bun. It really complements each other well. I also had the Piz-a-pizza which is filled with pepperoni slices and a nice marinara sauce. My personal favorite is the truffle mac and cheese. Its just full of that cheesy goodness that keeps you wanting more and more! Also, good thing to know is that they do take card. So if you feel like you're dying for some heavenly goodness, but have no cash at hand? Fear not for they have a wonderful device that reads your magnetic swipe. SSSSHHHAAAWWWIIINNNGGG!!!

I did want to try the truffle tots, but they were sold out. I will be back to try it out though, and best believe I'll feel buntastic afterwards!
Are you kidding me right now?  This place is awesome!  My girlfriend and I attended the Food Truck Festival at the Southpoint and this truck was the best we tried.  They had sold out of most items by the time we got there.  The had the pizza stuffed and le cordon bleu.  Both were amazing.  The dough was soft on the inside with a sweet, buttery, thin crust on the outside.  I liked the cordon bleu the best.  I don't chase the trucks, but next time I see TastyBunz I will stop and eat.
Random rant, after reading most of the reviews, I noticed one review that had 1 star.  The person didn't even try to food truck.  It was a GROUPON issue and it was his fault for not doing the research prior, I think it's just lame to give someone a poor review without FIRST HAND EXPERIENCE with the place.  It's not TastyBunz fault he drove around Costco like a dummy.  I mean, I confess I had one issue in the past where I didn't eat at the place and I gave them one star, but that was because I came inside and I treated poorly directly from the staff and I walked out, not because I couldn't find the place.  People that give 1 star reviews without even WALKING IN a place, should be banned from yelp and should just stick to eating at Olive Garden and Sizzler for all I care. Okay, my rant is over.  

Back to TastyBunz...

I am a food truck heifer fanatic and I'm really glad that the food truck craze finally hit Vegas.  It's such a nice alternative to eating buffet after buffet after buffet.  You would think I would buy maternity pants after my Vegas vacation.  I'm glad that I have a delicious place such as TastyBunz around.

Truffled Mac and Cheese with Mushroom Bun-
You had me at hello.  It was super moist and blended perfectly.  It was also served nice and hot, unlike some trucks where they serve their food cold.

SF Garlic Fries-
Just the name alone makes me smile.  Glad to see a bay dish in Vegas.  It was served super hot and you can tell it was a fresh batch and it hasn't been sitting around.  It was extra Garlic-y, just how I like it.  Reminded me of good ole' baseball fries.

Sweet O's (Tempura fried oreo's with a white chocolate and caramel sauce)-
Okay maybe I still need maternity pants or overalls after eating here.  My first time trying pretty much, deep friend Oreo's.  Worth the triple trips to the gym.  I don't recommend it if you aren't a sweet tooth kind of person.  But if you are a diabetic in training, such as myself, eat with caution.


All in all, really prompt service, really nice staff, and the food was amazing.  Also, I do love some of the Filipino inspired dishes.  I'll be back!
When I arrived at their food truck at the Foodie Festival Sunday afternoon, they were already out of buns. Bummer! 

So I ordered their Sticky Nanas, banana potstickers topped with white chocolate and caramel. A little bit of deliciousness!

Not sure if they have just a food truck, but I think I'll definitely track them to try their buns. I heard they're awesome :)
Their truck parked today about one block from my house. Score !

So the buns they were selling today were:

The Juarez: Chicken, chorizo, cheese, corn, black bean, jalapeño and ranch.

The Blu: Chicken, Swiss, and prosciutto 

They had already ran out of buns when I saw them at the last event, so I'm glad I had a chance to get some...without standing in line. 

I got 3 buns. $6. I love that they take credit cards. 

I love the Juarez, lots of flavor. I finished two buns, they look small but they're pretty filling.

Thanks, Tasty Bunz for coming to my neighborhood! Till next time!
I wanted so badly to eat something sweet at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest and with the absence of the Foxxy Ladys Cupcakes truck (Where were they anyways?) I was desperate....
While walking around I saw that at Tasty Buns they had Banana Potstickers with Caramel Sauce and White Chocolate - Hmm... maybe that will do the trick -I thought.

It was 3 mini potstickers fried with mashed bananas inside and drizzled with caramel and white chocolate. It was OK - it was really small - maybe because it was so hot outside I needed a cold sweet treat - I don't think I would order this again - it tasted like something I could make at home. 

This review is only based on the Banana Potstickers - I have yet to try the savory food options here - maybe next time....
Only tried one bun during Vegas StrEATS and it was the Juarez or something... chicken, jalapeno, black beans, etc. It kind of reminded me of the roll things at 7eleven except better and wrapped in a sort of sticky bun. Just based off the one I had, I enjoyed it but I did feel the quality of the ingredients in the bun could have been better.

I look forward to trying more and will update review from there.
One of my fav food trucks!
Tasty Bunz oh how nice it was to find you at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest; you were one of two trucks I visited more than once so  you get at least a 2nd place finish as far as I'm concerned;  I've only had one other mac and cheese that compares to the one you served me so well done!  I think it was called the McCheesy which was a Truffle mac n cheese. It was wonderful!

I actually have passed you a few times on the way to work and wanted to pull around and follow you just so I could get some great food when you set up. This is a great place to pick up a sweet treat and you won't be disappointed with their other items as well.
When I pulled into work I saw the truck. I went inside and pulled up the menu. OMG garlic fries??? Yeah I was there with 2 other co-workers. I only had enough cash for the fries, which was a bummer, because the fries were AWSOME!!!! Wish I could have tried other things... But there is always next time... Will be on the lookout for the Tasty Bunz Truck!
Tried it at Foodie Fest!

This place wasn't bad at all.  They only had two "meat-in-bun" choices, so we tried the ones that were available (blue cheese and something else).  They were both pretty tastey but not mind blowing...overall solid though.  Wish I could have tried the others that everyone else was talking about.

We also did the garlic fries...which ARE very good.  Seems like you can't go wrong with a garlic aoili poured over french fries.  I'd come here for the fries alone.

Give it a go!
I've been to MANY Two Hippies and I'm pumped there is one in the Mesa. BEST LEMONADES EVER! 

Cool decorations, bigger dining area, fast, cheap and delicious! Thanks guys!
You guys are doing awesome. I had the 3 tacos for $5 deal and all three were amazing.and they werent small tacos either I was full by the second one.  i think this is my new favorite place to eat.
love, Love, LOVE Two Hippies Mesa!  Delicious and healthy, huge servings- 1 Taco fills me up, and the lemonade is totally awesome!  I love that you can combine flavors and make new concoctions.  Blackberry/Pomegranate is my new favorite!  The Desert Pear is delicious too!  Go try them out and find your favorite... hurry already!
this was my first time going to any of the "two hippies" restaurants and i am in love! the staff was great and answered any and all questions. i got the cheese crisp with chicken- it was the perfect size and the portion was just right. their lemonade is amazing- i got a pomegranate/mango one and it was awesome! the atmosphere is super casual and i can't wait to go again and try one of their burgers:)
I've been to a few of the various Two Hippies in the cenpho area so I was excited when one opened by my office!

Today I got the chicken, fish and cactus tacos. LOVED the cactus taco (made with nopalitos)! The chicken was good, but basic  and the fish was ok, but the texture of the fish was really weird... mushy. I love the sauce they put on the fish taco though. All the tacos come with a little rice and beans on them, with cabbage and tomatoes. I'm a big, big fan of hte veggies on the tacos!
I also go the plain cheese crisp but next time I'd get one with the works.

Oh, and this one takes CREDIT CARDS! Whoop! No more NOT going because I don't have cash on hand!
Great Magic Mushroom burger, fries were a bit too soft for my taste but nice and thick...super friendly gal too. Guava lemonade was tasty, mango one wasn't very good, tastes synthetic. Great service and nice atmosphere. Cheap too.
Last night I was in the mood for a burger, but wanted to try someplace different.  Did a search on yelp, and found that Two Hippies just opened a location here in my hood!  I've heard such good things about them from thier Phoenix location that I had to give them a try.

The place is small, but warmly decorated hippie style.  Family friendly, with plenty of games on the tables for adults and kids to play.  They have a nice menu of Breakfast items, Tacos, burgers and a few homemade desserts as well.

The gal at the counter was wonderful! So friendly and helpful.  She checked on me to make sure my food was good throughout the meal.  I went with a hamburger, fries and a drink.  They seem to have an awesome lemonade selection here, but I stuck with a Sprite myself.

I will be back in the future, as i was happy overall with the food and experience here.  Next time I will probably try the tacos.
Awesome lemonade and the pork taco was delicous. Also had the carne asada and chicken tacos which were also good but pork was my favorite. The kids got the cheese crisp with the works it was huge and really good! Hubby got tacos too and liked them!! We will be back. I REALLY liked the lemonade and all the different flavors :) And the service was great too! Everyone working there was really friendly!!
I loved my visit to Two Hippies Beach House!! I had the Greek Hot Dog with feta, bacon, olives, and pesto mayo, and a Carne Asada taco. The Hot Dog ($4) is a meal in itself, and is served on an amazingly awesome fresh roll... toasted, and buttered... NOMZ. The taco was HUGE for $2, and there's just no such thing as skimping at Two Hippies. The staff is SO welcoming, and friendly, and seem to be very enthused to be there. I love the environment of this little place too!! My only complaint it was HOT in there. Really.. really.. hot. I realize that sometimes new places have issues getting up & running fully, and that maybe the A/C wasn't fully functioning when I was there.  I would also suggest some lower carb items: everything is CARBORIFIC!! :)  Finally, if you like Chipotle, eat here once, and you'll probably never return to stupid Chipotle... :)  ALSO: Received msg from establishment letting me know that they accommodate low carb requests! YES!! :D
How cute! My sister and I loved everything here. Two people could easily share the three tacos for $5. Red beef was excellent. Cute ambiance, delicious churros (just mention them on your FB), and friendly people.
From the outside it doesn't look like much and the decor consists of rejects from my grandma's garage, but once you bite into their special pesto-mayo, bacon, tomato & onion hot dog, you'll be singing their praises.

This little shop is run by some very friendly people who put together some deliciously unique "fast" food.  The menu is simple - hot dogs, tacos, and burgers. However, don't be fooled into thinking the food itself is simple.  The tacos are overflowing in both flavor and portion (3 tacos for $5) - I think the chicken is the best.  The hotdogs come on homemade buns and the dogs themselves have a wonderful "snap" when you bite into them. And your meal just isn't complete without one of their exotic icy lemonades -- I'd highly recommend the dessert pear.

Since my first visit only a month ago, I've been back several times and plan to keep going back.  Now I just have to try their breakfast menu.
Definitely worth the time to come over and try there food. It is a cool little place with a ton of character.  Very good food too.
Try the lemonades!
Excellent tacos, I recommend pork and red beef and of course the lemonade - blueberry, outstanding
The food is decent, the prices are very low and the decor is super cool. You can definitely stretch a dollar here. It's a fun place worth checking out if you're in the area!
Honestly, I was really surprised how good the food was.  Custom hotdogs and hamburgers that are super tasty and original.  Good enough for any food snob.  The best thing is, is if you have no taste buds and it makes no difference whether or not the food you eat tastes good, the prices are phenomenal and you won't have to bring a happy meal when your friends want to eat lunch here.
Awesome, cute place, great service, and vegetarian options.  Best vegi-burger I have had out yet.  Free refill on an icy flavored lemonade. Will return!
Had the nopal burrito, not a fan of the rice but liked the tortilla and carne.  The btead they use for the burgers and dogs is unique an dc tasty..almost sweet, very good.  The sweet potato fries are slightly addictive and done right..eat them hot.  All in all we would go back..especially given yhe friendly stafd and pricing!  Glad they moved here.
like orgasms? Then you'll like 2 hippies. Go for the orgasms, stay for the tacos.
I wish I could rate on food but they never gave us a chance to try it......on their website it cleary says delivery so we called 25 minutes before closing offered the driver $10 and had a order for about $35 for a simple 2 and a half mile drive.....but nope we got nothin but a sorry can't do it
I got the 3 for $5 Tacos.. (i picked two fish and one cactus) they were just ok, nothing special or distinguishably special.  It tasted like i could make it at home. They use flour tortilla, i prefer corn, which they DO have offer to gluten-free customers, i did not want to ask to substitute-- maybe i will next time so i can give them a better rating on their tacos.. 

I wish i tried the lemonade, didn't have extra $3. They have like 15 or so flavors of lemonade-- i wanted to try the Cherry.. next time next time!!

I had one taco left and i was FULL. So on the way home i saw a homeless man off highway 60 with a cardboard sign "HUNGRY",  so i gave him my last taco. I hope he enjoyed it, if only he could YELP about it.. hmmm....

It does fill you up at least.. :))

I gave them one more star because of the friendly service. The girl at the counter was attentive and answered my questions.. I appreciate good customer service anytime!!
First timer!  Read yelp reviews and got the mushroom burger.  YUM.  Also that lemonade is fantastic.  I got the cherry one but then over heard someone get a free refill and mix flavors.  Second flavor was Blood Orange and Pomegrante Delicious!  Cute decor and nice people...I will be back
I came here for breakfast this morning and it was absolutely delicious! I got two breakfast tacos with eggs, cheese potatos and chicken, each only being $2.  Service was awesome, food was delicious and I'm glad that I'm a fan of their breakfast now!  Will be back in no time flat.  Nothing beats a hot tasty breakfast on a Saturday morning with great friendly people.
This place is great.  Very fresh  and high quality ingredients, very laid back atmosphere,  It's in a strip mall on the sw corner of Alma School and Baseline.  It's convenient to get in and out of, parking is good.   My egg and red chili breakfast burrito was really really good.  This place is about 1.5 miles from my house and I had no idea it was even there.  I bet there lunch is really good too.  Fast service too.  A great place for businesses to stop in for lunch.  I know I'll be back.
Very cute place and you can get bags of food without hurting your wallets feelings. They have a variety of specialty hotdogs, about 8 different tacos to choose from, burritos, burgers and a few desserts as well. My boyfriend loved the hotdog he got, I personally do not eat them so I'm going off his review and he really enjoyed it. The tacos were just o.k. They just were not what I was expecting a little plain in taste for me even with meat in them. Don't get me wrong they were not horrible, I'm just glad we took our order home so I was able to dress them up a little bit. Their "cheese crisp" is actually a quesadilla which we found out when we got home. They do offer lemonade in a bunch of flavors we tried the mango and it was tasty. The best for me was the red velvet cupcake and their homemade churro... BOMB!!
I went here on Friday night to try something new and because it is SOOO close to my house!!! Unfortunately, it was pretty not good at all. I had the carne asada burrito and the BF had a bean and cheese burrito. I was impressed with the size of the burritos, quite large, but I came to find out that most of the bulk was cabbage. The food was all bland. Even the 'volcano' salsa was weird tasting and not that spicy... My burrito had maybe 6-7 teeny tiny pieces of carne in a sea of undercooked beans, bland rice, and cabbage. I honestly would rather eat Filiberto's than go back here....and I am not a Fili B fan. So if you like essentially eating mushy styrofoam until you are full...this is the place for you!


PS check out Palee's Crown next door if you enjoy flavorful food.
5 stars all the way!  Excellent food at a great price.  The hot dogs with the homemade buns are high quality and the best I've ever had.  The tacos are huge and filling.  The lemonades are made fresh to order and are very refreshing. The service has always been outstanding.  The employees are sincerely friendly and go out of their way for you.  So glad to have this gem in my neighborhood.  Everyone I bring here becomes a fan.
Very fun place, the chips are amazing, burger was divine!
My old girlfriend was a too hippy b**ch so the mere name of this establishment, Two Hippy Beach House, gave me the chills. But word on the street (and Yelp!) was this place is awesome, so I mustered up my courage & headed over.

This place is incredible! Basically they do tacos, burgers & hot dogs, but with creative quality toppings that make them exceptional. I had a red shredded beef taco & two green shredded beef tacos. Best taco I've eaten in quite awhile! They also do pork, cactus & chicken tacos. Also chips & guacamole. Yum!

They also do flavored lemonade. But unusual flavors like blood orange (what I had). Very tasty! Not bitter like my mom's personality.

They also do breakfast, so I'll be trekking over to check that out another day.

So, in conclusion, are you hungry? The mellow out man...and get yourself over to the Two Hippie Beach House.
My family were all in the mood for a hot dog, so I pulled out my phone and pulled up Yelp. I read the reviews and decided to Two Hippies Beach House since Mickey's, which was closer to us, is closed on Tuesdays. Myself, my husband, and my 5 year old son were all super happy with our orders and are definitely going back.
I had the #8 and a cherry lemonade, my husband had the #4 and a desert pear and guava lemonade, and my son had a #1 (w/ ketchup) and a blackberry lemonade. 
So yummy! We all agreed that the hot dogs were some of the best we had ever tasted and the homemade buns were to die for. The gentleman working the counter was so friendly. He made us feel really welcomed and had some great recommendations.  While you are waiting for your food they have games at the tables. My husband and I asked each other  Trivial Pursuit questions and my son played with Lincoln logs. Overall a wonderful experience definitely earned the 5 stars. Can't wait to try the tacos!
While I'm a huge fan of supporting local eateries, I'm not sure this place is worth going back to.  They have a great sellection of lemonade flavors, all of which have free refills.
I always ask the employees to suggest their favorite menu items and usually order what they suggest.  This time, the girl said that the fish tacos are wonderful, so I ordered 3 tacos, one fish, one pork, one chicken.  The fish taco was, by far, one of the nastiest things I've ever eaten.  It was soggy and pretty tasteless. My husband agreed.  However, the other two tacos were great and the chips were fresh. 
We ordered guacamole with our chips and it was pretty bland.
Overall, I might go back to try some other menu items, but it was not enough to get me to eat there regularly.
Hippy Likes to Hoola Hoop
By The Rue

Knitted hemp beanie, 
Patchulie and dreadlocks,
You can order the weanie,
It's where the stoner flocks.

If it's tacos or a burger,
That you might desire,
Then please look no farther,
No, I won't light your fire.

Lemonades are a plenty,
I ordered non sweatened,
Spend more than a penny,
Just one stop this weekend.

This time I had tacos of fish,
Next time I'll try pork,
When I shoot 3's they go swish,
I won't even use a fork. 

Peace!!!
Ate here once and have been craving it ever since. Friendly staff and everything is delicious. Can't wait to go back.
Five stars for atmosphere since it is a really fun place and the food is four stars.  The lemonade is awesome and it is fun to try different flavors.  Also, I've had every single taco option on the menu and the french fries.  The french fries were right out of the fryer and since they had different sauces I put on some malt vinegar and rooster sauce and they were awesome!  Of course some of the tacos are better than others but they are very big and filling.  If you want a good fun meal for a fair price then you should definitely give it a try.
Hippie Chick Rocks!  Good place, great food, wonderful attitudes and customer service.  A regular joint for us.
Yet another food truck to hit the streets of LV. Is it good? Bad? Are we reaching food truck saturation yet?

BBQ Boy (with its energetic chef/owner, Woody) was at the Food Truck Festival today at Costco Business Center. It was my first time trying them and I came away fairly impressed.

My day started out with a free sample of Woody's BBQ Chicken. It tasted just like the Filipino BBQ that I'm used to. Woody's is probably just a tad more tender and juicy.

I decided to order a plate of Sisig for $8. It comes with two scoops of rice and a couple of Lumpia Shanghai. To be perfectly honest, it wasn't the absolute best Sisig I've ever had (that title belongs to JAC in South San Francisco), but it was still very good. I've never really had bad Sisig anywhere.

Holly C ordered some Siomai. For $3, you get 4 of them and she let me try one. It was hot and freshly made, and oh so delicious. (For a little back story, Holly and I both ate Shumai at a few of the buffets during our Buffet of Buffets pilgrimage - a little running gag we had going).

From my initial impressions, it looks like we have another quality Vegas food truck. I'm certainly a fan.
I got to try this food truck at the Food Truck Fest at Costco.  Woody, the owner, is extremely enthusiastic about his business and it's contagious!  I tried the siomai (shumai dumplings) and the chicken bbq.  Both were excellent.  The siomai comes with a nice sauce that isn't too spicy.  He has sriracha if you need more spice. The chicken bbq, cooked on a kabob, is nice, juicy, and flavorful.

The truck is spray painted instead of the normal wrap, which is a nice, unique touch.

I can't wait to track down BBQ boy down so I can try more.
Also tried BBQ Boy's food for the first time at the recent Food Truck Fest at the Costco on MLK).  I thought the food was decent overall, as it was just BBQ, and unless you burn it it is hard to mess up.

I tried their Mix Combo: 1 skewer of BBQ Chicken, 1 skewer of BBQ Pork, choice of rice or noodles (but I think the noodles were out and more were being made, so I ended up with 2 scoops of rice), 2 "Shanghai" (AKA fried egg rolls or lumpia).  $8

Let's talk about the taste first.  The BBQ Chicken was my favorite, it had nice tangy BBQ flavor and the chicken was juicy.  I would order this a la carte at $3 each in the future.

The BBQ Pork was okay.  Same BBQ flavor, but the meat itself was a little tougher (maybe it was the cut of pork used).  Given the choice of pork or chicken, I will go with chicken.

Their "Shanghai" was not interesting.  It was super hot, as it was served immediately after it was made.  But I probably will no try it in the future.

Their Shumai has good reviews from other Yelpers that tried their food over the weekend, so I will give that a try next time.

Service/friednliness, etc.  The owner was a great promoter and gave out samples of the BBQ Chicken to onlookers and patrons waiting for their orders.  If he keeps up his friendly and passionate nature about promoting his food, he will have a great following in no time.

3 stars.
BBQ Boy put Filipino Food on the Vegas Food Truck scene thanks to Woody!

Got to try the Sizlin' Sisig Special as suggested by Woody, along with some Lumpia Shanghai, and a BBQ Chicken Skewer, and they all were pretty good.

I plan to try other selections in the future as soon as I know where their
other food stops are in town...ALOHA!!!
First Filipino food truck, is surely, one of a kind. I was really impress, that some one had an idea to take the food truck business and go all Filipino on it. Even though there are some restaurants out there that does sell Filipino food. But not that many people know about these restaurants. Making Filipino food mobile, and taking it around Vegas, is one hell of idea to get Filipino style food out in the open. 

I was attending the Food Truck Feast that was off MLK and in front of Costco. Never really seen so many food truck in one place. On the other hand, I never really went to a food truck event, cause I thought it was just horrible food. But I was really impress with the quality of these food trucks. 

BBQ Boy really stuck out, cause it does remind me of home and how mother use to cook. Even though we only had the meat sticks, it just brings me back home. I would of ordered more, but it seem like a popular truck that we didn't want to hold up the line. But the quality of the meat stick was awesome. 

If you ever get the chance to encounter BBQ Boy food truck, take advantage of it, cause its really worth it. At least try the meat sticks and taste it for yourself.
Sisig on a truck... OMG Yum ! 
Was heading home the other day and saw them parked at the Pawn Shop on Rancho and Bonanza. Read somewhere that they had Sisig and I had to stop in and give it a try. 
I always love the look I get when I order sisig from somewhere because culturally it's not mainstream but honestly everyone should give it a try at least once! 
We got an order of Lumpia which were meaty and not overly greasy with the perfect amount of crunch to the rolls. 
Two orders of the sizzling sisig that had the perfect amount of heat, cheeky crunch and lemon. 
The owner brought us out a few of his Shumai to try too and WOW. Those were spot on. 
I have tried the Sisig at almost all of the Filipino places in town and even though I am a die hard Cafe Moda fan this place rocks, plus I don't have to listen to the crappy Karaoke to get a decent plate of food. Looking forward to you guys taking off, your doing a great job so far and I look forward to catching you guys on a street again soon.
Nothing else takes me back home, than BBQ Boy. 

I finally got a chance to get a BBQ Pork Combo, which I think is priced very well. Two BBQ Pork meat sticks, two shanghai egg rolls and two scoops of rice, is a very good combination. 

The first time I saw them was at the food truck fest at Costco, off MLK. I saw them again at Costco, on my way home from work and had to make a U-turn on MLK. Ordered the BBQ Pork Combo, and the difference between my last review to this 5 star review is the way everything tasted. Don't get me wrong, the first time was very good, the second time was even better. The first review was off a few meat sticks, this updated review is off the combo and the quality of the food.  Mainly got a chance to experience more.  

It was cooked to order this time around and it was fresh off the grill. Not did I stop by once, I stopped by twice in one day. Came back with the wife, who also love their food. 

These guys are great, the cook was awesome, and the lady who took our order was so nice. Sure enough, I'll be going here again soon and if you guys ever get the chance, go out and visit BBQ Boy where ever they go. You could find them on Facebook or Twitter. BBQ Boy is the best Filipino food truck out there.
Never heard of BBQ Boy until StrEATS. I was a little annoyed that it took a good bit to place my order. No line, I suppose they were just tied up. I got a mix combo and an order of lumpia, not realizing the combo came with two pieces of lumpia. I would've gotten pancit, had I known... ah! well. The pork and chicken were both tender and had good flavor. The lumpia and rice were fine, but neither particularly notable.
I finally got to try BBQ Boy at the Vegas Streets at El Cortez, I have to say it was just okay. The BBQ wasn't anything special to me. I ordered the Chicken BBQ combo which came with two chicken sticks, rice, two egg rolls for $8.00. I'd like to try the Sisig so I'll give this place another shot. 

My overall experience was just okay, the service was not bad, took about 15 min to get my food.
I wish I could support and promote local Filipino businesses, but I was quite unhappy with my experience with BBQ Boy and Catering today. I tried their truck at the Food Truck Fest at Southpoint and I was left completely underwhelmed.

There were about 20 food trucks in the parking lot. The line for BBQ Boy wasn't that long so we decided to give it a try. That line was deceiving. We waited for our food for literally 50 minutes (we timed it). The food truck fest was scheduled from 11 am to 5 pm, and even though it was only 1:30, they were already out of sisig and pork BBQ. 

I got the chicken BBQ combo. The BBQ was good - tender with a delicious marinade. They must have run out of rice because I was supposed to get two scoops but instead it looked like I got 1/2 a scoop and they just spread it to look like more. The lumpia shangai tasted store bought.

I was hoping that the food would make the almost one hour wait. worth it. Maybe they just didn't expect such a huge turn out at the food truck fest but I''m sad to say I wasn't satisfied with my experience.
I've tried my share of food trucks and BBQBoy is quickly becoming one of my Las Vegas favorites. I love that it brings filipino food to people who otherwise would never have a chance to experience it.  

I've had it about 4x and the food always tastes good and flavorful, especially the bbq. My kid loves the lumpia and we always have to have at least 2 orders of it. 

I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for my food, which is an amazing feat for a food truck. And I've always been met with excellent, friendly service. We'll follow you wherever you go, bbq boy!
I have been following the launch of this new truck on Twitter the last couple of weeks because honestly, what is better than a great Grilled Cheese sandwich. When we showed up at the Las Vegas Streats Festival last night and found the Mucheeze Truck there and still melting it felt like fate. We got into the line (only about 5 or 6 people in front of us) and since it was our first experience we wanted to try the basic Cheezy Lovers Delight so that we could see how they do on the simplest of items and I have to tell you that it delivered on every level, the bread was grilled perfectly (just to the edge of being "burnt", not in a bad way), the cheese was super melty and stretchy. Overall this one sandwich was perfect. We will hit up this truck again soon and get the full experience and then update the review once we have tried more items. 

BTW - The guy who appears to be the owner seems to be super personable, he was hanging his head out of the window chatting with the people in line and keeping a good count on the number of people in line so he could everyone when they were going to run out of food.
Muncheeze is exactly what I expected it to be. Gooey, cheezy, delicious ingredients culminate in this sister truck of Slidin' Thru. 
I had the T.H.C. and I added Bacon. The bread was perfectly grilled, the tomatoes were fresh, the ham had great flavor, the bacon was nice n crisp, and the cheese was plentiful and nicely melted. The beauty of this truck is the simplicity of the menu and concept, who doesn't love grilled cheese?! I can't wait til I can try Muncheeze again and tackle the other menu options.
I was so excited to try out the eats from here. And I finally got the opportunity at the last StrEATS. 

They didn't get off to a great start. Glitches prevented them from opening on time and left a few of us waiting in line for a long time salivating and exercising our patience. But hey, they're a newbie truck, so you have to cut them a little slack.

The lobster bisque (one of their soup offerings) was absolutely fantastic. It was served in a bread bowl and filled with all kinds of yummy. Temps outside may be rising, but don't pass up this tasty delight.

For a sandwich, I opted for the one with the pulled pork and mac 'n' cheese. It was good, but not great. It was missing the ooey gooey cheese. But props for an interesting combination.

All the sandwiches come with fries and a dipping sauce (like ketchup, but not). Hint: try dipping your grilled cheese in the dipping sauce.

My main complaint was that it was a lot of food. Especially in a setting with so much food goodness (in other words, so many eats I wanted to sample), the amount of food was overwhelming. It was also awkward trying to balance everything and eat so much while standing up. The portions and packaging didn't quite lend itself to street food. Offering half sandwiches and fries as an optional (not automatic) side would be nice.
Despite some of their first facebook reviews on the day of vegas streets, i think Muncheeze is delish!!! Their tomato soup defines what comfort food is.... i can eat this stuff every day!!!! YUMMMM... We took everything to-go, the Piggy Mac was so good, it reminded me of the Pulled Porky Slider..

Try it! If you love Slidin Thru and their quality of food, you wont be disappointed with Muncheeze!!!!.
The concept of this truck is awesome. The execution still needs a little work though.

I appreciate the trendy food truck craze that is currently overtaking every major city. I think it's awesome. Muncheeze menu is outstanding. There's a little something for everyone. You have the grilled cheese that includes pulled pork and mac n' cheese, or the one that has steak, or the classic ham & cheese, or a combination of cheeses and bacon. Everything in that last sentence flows so beautifully. I'm a cheese enthusiast, so if there is cheese on something I'm usually gettin down with the get down.

Unfortunately where Muncheeze falls short is the quality of the food. Unlike their sister truck Slidin Thru, they miss on a few key points. If I order a grilled cheese, there better be a lot of cheese on there. If I order your grilled cheese that includes 3 different types of cheese, THERE BETTER BE A LOT OF CHEESE. That was not the case when I ordered the Cheesy Lovers Delight (I selected American, Cheddar, and Mozerella). The cheese was barely noticeable, that was disappointing. If it had more cheese it would have changed my whole experience. I decided to get the combo meal, appropriately named the Munchbox Combo which included a tasty glass Coca-Cola and Mac-Bites featuring Holla-peno ketchup. The Mac Bites were a bit greasy and lacked a real cheesy flavor, so those fell short as well.

Another disappointment was that they were out of Lobster Bisque, or, they never really had any since we got to the truck 20 minutes after the windows opened. At first they weren't sure if they had Mac Bites as well. I thought the organization was a little all over the place this time around.

With the awesomeness of Slidin Thru I definitely had high expectations for Muncheeze. Unfortunately they fell short. Knowing that they are run by the iconic slider truck I will give them a second chance.
I doubted Muncheeze Truck.  A grilled cheese truck?  Isn't grilled cheese one of the first things we all learn to cook ourselves when we're children?  And as we grew up, we threw more than just cheese into our sandwiches?  For me, a grilled cheese sandwich is a clean slate where you open up your cupboards and refrigerator, see what random veggies and meats you have, and throw them into your own creation.  Pickles, chips, bacon, tomato and whatever was laying around and doing a bad job at getting eaten.  Why would I pay someone else to make me a grilled cheese sandwich?

Because, unlike Muncheeze, I don't have what amounts to Pulled Porky (Slidin' Thru) ingredients in my refrigerator.  That, and my curiosity had to be quenched; this is the sister truck to Slidin' Thru after all.  I ordered $10 The Munchbox Combo (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/75lNzRwmjHpuMwSaNxrMBw?select=mpiJd-Oce51nSrAv40SWsw), which includes:

-Any sandwich; I went with the Piggy Mac (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/75lNzRwmjHpuMwSaNxrMBw?select=kzXgIx3n3pYd6YEX23Jobg): pulled pork with jalapeño, bacon, mac&cheese and BBQ sauce.  Think Pulled Porky slider with mac & cheese.  The one ingredient that fell short of expectations to me was the mac & cheese; it had that re-heated consistency where the macaroni appears to have absorbed the gooey cheese that you have when it is fresh.  I also don't think it's plausible to have a fresh batch of mac & cheese made for each sandwich, though.

-Six Mac Bites (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/75lNzRwmjHpuMwSaNxrMBw?select=YP__n0J35JtAdi4DlcdPOg): Little macaroni & cheese poppers that comes with a "holla-peno ketchup."  It was marinara sauce with a slight zing to it.  The bites themselves (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/75lNzRwmjHpuMwSaNxrMBw?select=VeHYtE8SFymSQHZrRjCKIA) suffered from the same critique I had of the macaroni & cheese in the Piggy Mac.

-A drink; I got a 700ml bottle of water.

If you go strictly by the menu pricing, the Munchbox combo saves you a dollar: $6 sandwich + $3 Mac Bites + $2 drink.  If you go by execution I think it falls a little short; I was hoping for more cheese!  A gooey Piggy Mac that struggled to stay together because the macaroni was swimming in cheese!  Mac Bites that burned the roof of my mouth with cheesy macaroni!  Maybe I was just a hungry kid that grew up putting way too much kids in my sandwiches.  But that is what I was hoping for.

Either way I will be returning to the truck.  I gotta try the Tomato Soup and Lobster Bisque; maybe even the Chi Chi and Sassperilla.  As for their Piggy Mac?  I'm honestly tempted to take home some Porky sliders and pair it up with some fresh mac & cheese for a homemade Piggy Mac...  Let's call it an optimistic three stars, with a guaranteed opportunity to get bumped up in the future.
I SOSOSOSO want to give this a better review and hopefully it will change. Grilled cheese is/was my favorite comfort food as a child and now. We were also recently spoiled to have a visit Roxy's Grilled cheese truck from Boston visit Vegas so I got a chance to compare to what a true grilled cheese truck should offer. (I wrote a review for them in another entry)

Anyways Grilled cheese musts.....are CHEESE! GOOEY Cheese, Hot and not Burnt.
Well thankfully this sandwich was not burnt. I ordered the 3 cheese with bacon for $5. It came on standard white bread. The cheese inside was partly melted but not all the way. The Mac bites on the other hand $3 and 6 of them was excellent! It came with with Holla-Peno Ketchup and was well worth the $3. 

Muncheese is the sister truck to Slidin Thru and I know they start making some kickass grilled cheese after they start looking at the product better at the lab.
My only suggestion is using a thicker bread like a Brioche or Texas toast and unique cheeses like Brie, Maytag Bleu and Muenster. At least add thicker cheese and make sure it is gooey/stringy when pulled apart, I will keep visiting and I love the concept and will change the rating as I know you will get better,
This is good stuff no doubt. Same guys as Slidn Thru so you know the 
service is great and the food will be original and BOMB!!
I went to Muncheeze one Thursday night on the SW side. 

The fleet design and the name of the truck are awesome. The website design is great, menu is comprehensive. And I think the best way to properly serve a grill cheese sammich is via the immediacy only a home kitchen or lunch truck can deliver. All around Muncheeze is a superb idea. BRILLIANT! However: 

I stood in front of the order window with no one in line in front of me for a good seven minutes before I got a greeting. 

I got the OG ($3), just a plain grilled cheese sammich. I also wanted a $5 Tomato soup to dip my OG in and my bf wanted Mac Bites ($5) and the Lobster Bisque ($6). The soup warmer was out, so no Tomato Soup, no Lobster Bisque for us. 

The OG was good. My bf said the Piggy Mac was good, too. Not overpriced. But the service was subpar. I'll be willing to patronize again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to seek them out like last time. Novel.
I saw them on a Twitter post from FukuBurger and decided to check it out today.  I had the Piggy Mac, and it was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I have ever had.  I've had bacon on a grilled cheese before.. but adding BBQ pork, mac & cheese, and jalapeno to it... greatness.  

The guys working there were super nice, and gave off a friendly feel to the place.  I felt kinda odd paying $10 for a combo meal, but the sandwich, mac & cheese bites, and a drink... I'm OK with this.  Definitely going back.
I love to support the food truck scene in Vegas so when I heard about Muncheeze I had to check it out! A grill cheese food truck is brilliant and much more feasible. It definitely cuts down the waiting time you might encounter at the other food trucks. 

My co-worker and I decided to try this place during our lunch hour. First impression- great looking truck! The graphics were cute and so was the truck name...Muncheeze (genius)!

To be a fair judge as always we ordered quite a few sandwiches (Sassperilla, Chi-chi and Piggy Mac) to judge the quality of the sandwiches. I must say that I was impressed and thought that the Chi-Chi and Piggy Mac were pretty dang good. I prefer the Piggy Mac more over Chi-Chi. The bbq pulled pork was just right because it wasn't drenched in BBQ sauce and did not hide the taste of the other ingredients. The Sassperilla was drenched in A1 sauce and by the time I ate it, the sandwich was soggy. The Chi-chi was my second choice, great concept but it was a little dry. 

We also had a side of Mac bites and well I wasn't a big fan of the holla-peno ketchup. I think they should have a spicy ranch dipping instead or maybe just serve with a ketchup/marinara & ranch. 

My co-worker was a little disappointed that they didn't have the tomato soup on that day so another day that I went again they were out of soup...do they ever have the soup? 

For $10, you can get a sandwich, bites and a drink, this saves you a couple bucks, which isn't bad considering the prices of the food truck combos. 

Overall the experience is worth it. Some people get annoyed with the guys blasting the music with your favorite song or whatever they are in the mood to listen to and still they're still getting a hang of the biz but this shouldn't distract you from attempting it just once. C'mon Vegas support your food trucks! Follow them on Twitter, Facebook or their website to see where they end up next.
It's the Piggy Mac that warranted two stars, they cheesy Lovers was just a mess. The Piggy Mac consisted of bbq pork with jalapenos and mac n cheese ($6). The potential was there, but the wheat bread choice was really poor. The Cheesy Lovers Delight with Bacon ($5) was not good on any level. Dry flimsy bread, congealed cheese and bland bacon. Yes, bland bacon. Seems like an oxymoron doesn't it?
I love cheese everything and anything.  I was so excited to hear about the Muncheeze truck, and when I tried it out- disappointment.

I had the OG and mac and cheese bites.  I would have ordered the lobster bisque (I LOVE LOBSTER BISQUE!) if it was available, but they didn't have any.

The OG was ok (I've had better grilled cheese sandwhiches at home) and the mac bites were greasy.

Sorry guys, I would do you dirty if I wasn't telling the truth.
I was roaming from truck to truck at Tommy Rockers on Staurday night and saw this beautiful cow with glossy eyes staring at me. His name was "Stoney" and i believe we've met in another times forgotten space.
The Truck was not yet open so i vegged near it for a few minutes. As it was time to order i immediately saw the Piggy Mac and went for it. It was mac and cheese with pulled pork and bacon, need i say more?!? i ordered as a combo and it came with mac bithe and a drink. The mac bites were good, as good as deep fried mac and cheese could be with some jalapeno ketchup.. 
I can't wait to meet up with my friend"stoney" soon and try some of the other tasty treats Muncheeze has to offer.
20 minutes to wait for food from a food truck at a very busy strEATS event - okay. 

To wait 45 minutes - NOT OKAY.

I really wanted to like Muncheeze truck because I love, love, love cheese! When I started following their Twitter and saw that there was a new menu I decided I would go down and try it out. To my surprise this Vegas strEATS was packed! I guess it's gotten a lot more popular since I went to the first couple times.

The Muncheeze truck line was long, but I figured, hey, it's a food truck, they serve out the food pretty fast. I waited in a long line at Lulu's before, but the wait wasn't too bad. Boy was I wrong on that account. Look, the people taking the orders were super nice, I'll give them that, but the guys in the truck making the food? They just looked like they were pissed and moving at a glacial pace as everyone outside their truck stood around and sweltered in the heat.

The food did not make me happy either. I opted for their version of a tuna melt. Welp, it was not melty. Yes, it had tuna in it, but sheesh, there wasn't even any melted-goodness cheese going on! I also got the buffalo cheese curds. The curds were inventive and good, but I wish they had been more ooey gooey rather than rubbery. Luckily I opted to take my food home and popped it in the microwave - 20 seconds later, voila! My curds were actually perfect. 

I've done a sampling of a few of the food trucks here in town and I gotta say Muncheeze is now at the bottom of my list. I suggest they start putting a little more effort into the food.... I think they have a novel idea, but gotta work on it guys.
Some of these bad reviews I'm reading about Muncheeze Truck just amaze me because I've gone to Muncheeze Truck MULTIPLE times and never had this experience. I think since the truck got new management, especially, the food has gotten better. Although, I am a fan of the old menu. 

The mac bites are delicious. Anybody complaining about a fried food being greasy is ridiculous to me. I LOVE getting the Cheesy Lovers Delight with bacon added. I always leave the cheese choice up to the cooks and it never disappoints! It seems like it's gotten even cheesier since the new management. Also a fan of the Piggy Mac, but the Cheesy Lovers Delight with bacon is by far my favorite.

My service has always been fast with the truck unless I'm at something that's crazy busy like Vegas StrEATS, but you know going into that place that you're going to be waiting for a ridiculous amount of time because the amount of people that are there ordering food. First off, LOOK AT THE LINES! You can easily judge that you'll be at each truck for about 45 minutes to an hour. (I waited at Fukuburger for an hour last time I was there and they were out of half of their items!) A lot of other trucks have food that can be pre-prepped, where as a grilled cheese can't be made ahead of time. And for people bad mouthing grilled cheese businesses and saying they'll always fail, maybe if these don't do it for you then you should check out how successful the Grilled Cheese Truck in Los Angeles is. 

The only thing I'd like more with the truck is for them to be open more often. I haven't seen any dates posted lately...
Changed ownership mid year and the new staff is remarkable unimpressive.  Food is not good and service is horrendous... like this is their first food serving endeavor.
****This review is only for the service, since it was so bad and we waited so long that we canceled our order, and 5 minutes later they bring out the order anyway while we wait to speak to the manager****

So before the Gazillionaire Elite Event at Caeser's my friend and I decided to go to Muncheeze for a quick bite due to our time constraints.  I personally think and hour at a casual dinning establishment is more than enough time to sit, eat, pay the bill and leave but I guess I was thinking the wrong thing in this instance.  

We were greeted by the hostess and seated quickly.  As we arrived we sat next to a couple who had just sat down and ordered, the waitress then took our drink order at the same time and I asked that a TV be put on a specific game.  We order our drinks and she gives us a minute to look at the menu.  5 minutes later the table next to us gets their drinks and she takes our order.  10 minutes after that we get our drinks (15 minutes just to get drinks?) and the table next to us gets their food.  15 minutes later the table next to us is done eating and are given their check (now in most cases the server would see that we are right next to them and we don't have any food AND the TV that I asked to be changed was never changed) another 15 minutes passes as we watch them pay leave and their table is bussed before the server comes back and says "you don't have your food yet?!?" in which I answered "no, and actually I have to be somewhere at 8pm, I'm going to have to cancel our order."  She said "OK, but I can check on it for you, do you want it to go?"  Now since I was going to an event I didn't want to have to carry this stuff across the Casino and then have to eat it while at the event.  So I declined and asked to speak to the manager.  Before the manager comes out the table the food comes.  Now I'm even more irritated.  We have already cancelled the food, obviously we were hungry otherwise we would not have been there, but to not have enough common courtesy to not put the food in front of me that I can't eat now because I have no time to so would be great.The manager seemed friendly enough though about the situation and was very sorry for the incident but the damage had been done.  He offered to get the tab next time we stop by but I'm not sure if I want to do that, I think they lost me at the 45 minute wait.
How is there not a business profile for this? Today I got to try them at the Costco Food Truck Fest. 

This truck features types of  meatballs served as "ballwiches".  You can get 1 for $5, 2 for $9 or 3 for $12. I thought they might be tiny servings since they had multiples pricing, but the portions are fair I think for what we got. 

There are 4 types currently on the menu (Godfather, Zorba, All Thai'd Up, and Porky(, sides like skin on fries, sweet potato tots, and truffle mac&cheese. There was something on their handout about a "blue ball special" but I didn't inquire about the funny name. 

The BF and I tried the "All Thai'd Up" which is turkey meat, veggies, sweet chili sauce in a lettuce wrap. One serving came with two wraps with maybe 4 meatballs in each. The meatballs were small, but juicy and the thai sauce was pretty good. We also got the sweet potato taters ($3) and these had a great texture with a nicely crisp outside and moist, sweet inside. I'm normally not a fan of plain sweet potato fries, but these were slammin on their own without a dip. 

So far, my impressions were pretty good. I will come back to try other ballwiches and the truffle mac&cheese for sure on my list. I am a fan of the tots and for just that alone even I will return.
The Haulin Balls Truck arrived a little later than most of the trucks that were at the Costco Food Trcuk Fest #2.  So my stomach capacity was mostly already spoken for with food from other vendors.

After checking out their menu, which made everything sounds so delicious, I ended up ordering the All Thai'd Up. Which was an Atkins diet friendly turkey balls with veggies in lettuce wraps, dressed with Sweet Chili Sauce.  One order comes with two wraps with a slightly larger than golf ball size turkey ball in each wrap (although Jade mentioned in her review she was getting maybe 4 small meatballs in each wrap). The overall flavor was good, kind of like a Thai or Vietnamese salad featuring ground turkey balls as the protein.

The concept of selling meatball sandwiches from a food truck is definitely a unique one (thus far) in Las Vegas.

A fellow Yelper who ordered the Zorba (Lamb Balls) really enjoyed his sandwich, especially after making sure it was not lamb 'balls".  Although some others were decidedly disappointed at this.  Or maybe they were disappointed that the Blue Balls Special were not on the menu today.

Anyway, like Jade W wrote in her FTR review of Haulin Balls, their pricing is petty simple. One sandwich for $5, two for $9 and three for $12 ($4 each) and you can mix and match your sandwich order.
I recently tried them at StrEATS and I was honestly a little disappointed with my selection of The Zorba, which was suggested to me by a fellow yelper. When I first received my sandwich I was already discouraged at the size because it was rather small. It had 2 balls and was probably half the size or a regular sized hoagie. For the price of $5, this should have been at least long enough to hold 3 to 4 balls. The flavors were good, but were a little weak. A cucumber sauce would have been nice. Although the worst part was the taste of the meat because it was a little off. I've had lamb in gyros and this taste was very different. Unfortunately it wasn't pleasant. The bread was practically on the verge of being soggy, maybe they should toast it on the grill before serving? I will definitely be giving them another chance in the future, but probably with different selection.
Haulin Balls had us sold with the menu, being big fans of lamb we went with the Zorba. By the sounds of it it should've been a homerun, meaty lamb balls, fresh herbs, feta and tzatziki. It was fine, but pretty unmemorable. Had it not been our least tasty bite at StrEATS it might have been forgotten altogether.
My family and I were privileged to be the very first customers for Haulin Balls when they launched their truck service at the first El Cortez Vegas Streats Festival.  

We tried the Godfather and Blue Balls Special and both dishes as we say in Hawaii was "broke da mouth" or "simply delicious!"  

It was a definite change from the normal massive plate lunches that were so accustomed to eating growing up in the islands.  Every once in awhile you crave that change in taste and Haulin Balls served that desire!  Their unique meatball wraps were fresh, very light, healthy, and extremely tasty.  The portions were perfect and left the three of us content.

Ultimately, customer service for me makes or breaks a business.  Everyone from the cooks to the cashier were very friendly, genuine and sincere, in Hawaii we call that the "Aloha spirit."   

Hoku in Hawaiian means Star and 'elima means 5.  

My final rating for Haulin Balls = 'elima hoku
This was our first time to try a ballwich...We found them parked outside Khoury's WIne Store on Eastern whcih was pretty awesome as we live a couple of miles away!   My daughter loved sitting on the sidewalk to eat... My 7 yr old loved the Mac & Cheese and my hubby said it was the best meatball he has ever eaten (I am trying not to be offended) and my Zorba...seriously excellent!  However I have to say my favorite thing hands down were the Sweet Potato Tots!
Tasty balls...as in the meatballs that is....! Fast & super friendly staff! The Mac & Cheese is divine & goes perfectly with the Godfather sandwich.
Love it, love it, love it!  They have renewed my faith in food trucks.  I tried them at the Great Las Vegas Beer Festival.  It took a while.  But, OMG, the Zorba, Godfather, and mac and cheese are sooooo delicious!!!!   So worth the wait and the friendliest staff ever.  Plus a frequent buyer card!  I'm hooked!!!
I am a total fan of the Zorba and the Porky. I follow them on facebook and when they are downtown at the El Cortez or somewhere close to the downtown area I go to where they are. I can't get enough of my two favorite sandwiches!
Since my first review we have become Thursday night regulars  - they are at Khoury's Wne Store on Eastern (Henderson) and could eat the All Thai'd up daily!
This might be a bit bias, since I am not a fan of meatballs, but I wanted to give it a try.

I tried the Godfather sandwich, which is actually pretty good. The meat seemed a bit dry though. 

I have to say though... that the pulled pork sandwich was GREAT!!! My friend got one too.. and he finished it within seconds. It was in his hands one min... and the next, it was gone. 

If you are a pulled pork sandwich fan... you have to try theirs. 

Nothing too special I say. I would go to a few other food trucks before I would go to theirs.
Greg and the group behind Haulin' Balls are great! I have hit them up a few times either at Khoury's or one of the food truck meetups around town.

I like that they have different flavors for everyone and are always working on new things. 

I've had the Godfather (italian style, beef meatball), Zorba (greek, lamb), and All Thai'd Up (thai, turkey), and the Porky (BBQ, pulled pork).  The leaner meats are a bit drier than the beef and pulled pork, but the garnishes and sauces really punch the flavors to match the themes. The ingredients always look, smell and taste fresh (a happy five senses makes a happier meal, eh?). Make sure you get plenty of basil, it always seems to be so pungent (in the best way) and set off the rest of the food.

I order them all protein style, so no bread for me, and the additional lettuce adds an extra freshness/crispness that really makes it for me. Meatball sandwiches aren't the lightest fare, but this is an easy and delicious way to alleviate some of the heaviness (especially in the summer!).

The sweet potato tots are tasty and their mac n' cheese is really a treat. I might like it with a little more crunch on top but, even as it is, you get a creamy, cheesy, and very flavorful incarnation of an all time favorite.

As the Haulin' Balls people will tell you... you need some balls in your mouth!
Forget about all the ball jokes. This is one food truck that should be taken seriously because of their tasty eats. The Godfather was a hit -- 2 ground beef meat balls with fresh basil, parsley, garlic, onions, pomodoro sauce, pecorino romano, and plenty of melted mozzarella in a soft, chewy bun. The savory meatballs had plenty of depth in flavor and were perfectly tender, not mushy.

The Zorba (ground lamb, fresh mint, oregano, parsley, garlic, served with a tomato-olive spread, lettuce, feta, red onion and homemade tzatziki sauce) was decent, but the taste of the lamb wasn't overly appealing. I did enjoy the olive spread and appreciated the subtlety of the mint, but I don't think it's a sammie I'd get again.

The pricing is as follows: 1 for $5, 2 for $9, or 3 for $12. Two sandwiches should be enough for most people, but if you're really hungry, add on a side. I was starving so I got an order of skin-on fries ($2). I have no idea if they were made fresh or were frozen, but the portion size is quite large and they were crispy, light, and delicious.
I didn't ever think I could like meatballs as much as I like the ones from Haulin' Balls. I love the Godfather. Tender juicy meatballs covered in tangy marinara, melty mozzarella and a chiffonade of basil. The bread is soft and holds the sauce well. Its still a bit messy, but I don't think it would be a worthy meatball sandwich if it was not. I like putting extra garlic on mine and for me one is enough. I cannot say enough about the "crack and cheese" as they like to call it. Truly is quite addicting. The noodles are not overdone, the cheese sauce is nice and creamy (garlicky too!) and the breadcrumbs on top are a nice touch.

My bf had their Zorba with the lamb meatballs he said it was good but after tasting my Gotdfather was quite impressed and liked it much better. I have had their magic bars for dessert and they were yummy, lots of chocolate and coconut. However, I am still waiting to try that yummy looking lemon bundt cake that keeps flashing across the top of their website ...
My first Balls experience...Can't wait to try it again.
I had the Zorba...the lamb balls were light and tender, the topping brought the whole Greek taste together. Bun was soft and fresh. Yum.
I really try to support local cuisine so I'm sad to write a less then positive review, especially because Haulin Balls has yummy food and the service was friendly.  We tried the Godfather, thai balls, dragon balls and the mac and cheese.  The problem with Haulin Balls isn't their food or menu - it's their high prices and stingy portions.  Delicious as they were, $6 for 2 dragon balls that were the size of donut holes is a rip off.  The Godfather was really fresh and tasty and the meatballs were moist and tender but it was priced at $6 for a small, 4 inch sandwich.  I'm not fat and have an average appetite...I would need 2 Godfather's to make a meal, which amounts to $12 and no sides for an 8 inch sandwich.  I have no problem spending good money on food but I felt ripped off.  Bummer!
GOT BALLS?

Haulin' Balls is one of my favorite food trucks! The thing that made me try them for the first time was their truck...I see a big black food truck with a mural of a badass flamed out '50 Mercury on the side and I just couldn't resist! And meatballs are such a simple premise, yet this truck shows with a little bit of creativity and fine ingredients you can turn them into a delicious dish.

I'm a big fan of their All Thai'd Up. Who would've thought how tasty a turkey meatball with pickled cucumbers, carrots, daikon, and thai sauce would be when wrapped in lettuce? These guys, that's who!

The Porky is also very good. Their smoked pulled pork is better than you'll find at 95% of restaurants. And they put spices in it, then top it with a chipotle mayo and BBQ sauce, all on a delicious roll. Very tasty indeed! The Porky Nachos are the bomb too! It's hard to eat regular nachos now after either the pulled pork nachos from here.

Their Blue Ball special is always changing. Sometimes it's Crab Balls, sometimes it's Buffalo Chicken Balls(which I am a HUGE lover of). 

I also recommend their Sweet Tots, which are super tasty sweet potato tater tots with an Asian spicy flair. The Mac & Cheese is also a good side, the truffle bread crumbs separate it from all the other similar dishes you'll find out there.

If you EVER see this truck out and about, do yourself a favor and come place your order. Your taste buds and your stomach will thank you, that much is for sure!
What a difference!
Visited Haulin' Balls while at the Tivoli Village Food Truck Throwdown, since I hadn't had any Zorba balls in so long:/
There was really no line. Ordering process went smooth, they added free fries for checking in on Yelp. I unfortunately tipped them prematurely.
I waited and waited and waited til I saw someone that was behind me in line get their food. My husband inquired about my order and they told him they didn't have any Zorba's. What!? Okay I want my $$ back. The guy that took my order heard the conversation and apologized and cleared things up, I wasn't willing to wait any longer so I said forget it and that I still wanted my $ back. The woman serving the food was apologetic as well, said she'd give me my money back and get a Zorba to me as well if I was willing to wait 1 minute. So I got my $6 back. Never got my free fries, they got $1 tip for wasting my time.
 They were very nice to give me a Zorba, it did take 1 minute but somehow it was cold.
The Godfather is a great meatball sub.  I was just introduced to it at the Gourmet Food Truck Block Party held at Suncoast.  Two savory meatballs bathed in a rich and mild Marinara Sauce are nestled in a soft 6-inch bun, with Mozzarella Cheese melted over all interior contents.  I just wish this fine sandwich would be bigger, but one can always buy and down two of them.

French Fries here are made with frozen skin-on potatoes, but they tasted very good with Heinz Tomato Ketchup drizzled on them.  The ketchup and napkins were thoughtfully provided by a Haulin Balls staffer.  Both the order taker/money collector and cook were friendly and hospitable.  Ordered food was served up 10 minutes after the order was placed, but this will largely depend on how large the crush of patrons is.

I like food trucks in general, and have very little of a negative nature to say about any of them I have sampled thus far.  But, from now on Haulin Balls and its delicious Godfather will be one of my favorites for mobile vendor comfort food.
The food truck craze seems to still be holding on strong and Haulin Balls is no different. They've got great service and some pretty tasty balls (har har). They like to liven it up by playing some good ol' rock/alternative music too.

As for the food, 2 of us shared the Zorba, Porky, Mac n' Cheese, and fries courtesy of the Yelp check-in.

Zorba: Quite tasty! It has all the traditional flavors of a classic Mediterranean dish packed into 2 compact balls, shoved into a sandwich. The tzatziki sauce was well flavored and the red onions in the sandwich weren't too strong or overpowering, as they can be sometimes. My only complaint was that the lamb meatballs were a little smoother in texture than I like, but they still tasted good.

Porky: This is a pretty standard pulled pork sandwich. They pile on the meat and it's super tender and juicy. The sandwich was so juicy that the bun was falling apart beneath it. Definitely be prepared to get your hands dirty.

Mac n' Cheese: It's flavored with truffle oil and I really liked this one because it had a light hint of truffle, but it wasn't too strong. It also has a nice crispy crumble on top of it for a little crunch.

So far, it seems like Nevada has some pretty good food trucks to offer. I can't wait to be back to try their BBQ pork nachos next time!
They were at Khoury's last Wednesday and I ordered their Blue (crab) Balls. It was $8 for two crab balls, which I initially thought was a bit pricey. However, when I got my order I was pleasantly surprised. They were about the size of a golf ball and were so moist and delicious that I was hooked. The order comes with Bibb lettuce (for wrapping) and a phenomenal cole slaw.  If this were served in one of the "upscale" restaurants on the Strip, the price would be double.  The Haulin Balls team were extremely friendly and I loved their music. I highly recommend this truck!
Finally tried Haulin Balls at Vegas StrEATs recently.  I was unfulfilled from the special at Slider Truck, so I figured I'd try something I've never had before.  The guy working the window was friendly, and he convinced me to try the tuna balls.  He said I'd love 'em.  Well, I didn't.  They were ok, but I was hoping for something a little rarer than the deep friend tuna I ended up with.  Even worse, it was $10.  Seems a little pricey for what's a snack at best.  If it was half the price, that'd make much more sense.

A friend of mine tried the same thing at a different event and was only charged $9.  What's up with that?
I got the opportunity to try Haulin Balls when they were at the Monday Night Fundraiser at Johnny Fontane's Beach House last night. It was really great of them to be willing to donate a portion of their sales to the Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy relief. I ordered the BBQ pulled Chicken on top of french fries. It was pretty amazing actually. And really filling as well. But a couple hours later I seized the opportunity to try their actual meatballs since they were still there. I got the Godfather which was basically a meatball parm hero. You get a couple massive balls on a hoagie roll with sauce, parm, mozzarella and parsley. Overall, it was a good sandwich. The meatballs were great, the sauce was pretty good and the cheese wasn't melted. I guess that's part of the territory being on a food truck. If they had an oven to toast the roll a bit and melt the cheese, this would probably change a really good meatball parm hero into a fantastic one. I definitely would recommend trying Haulin Balls if you ever get the opportunity. The guy running it, Andy, was awesome and very friendly. I'm glad I got the chance to finally try them and will definitely order from them again.
Very cool of these guys to come out on Monday night to the Fundraiser at Johnny Fontane's Beach House. They were very friendly and served up some good food! Tried the "Godfather" and the BBQ fries. The "Godfather" was good but melted cheese on top and maybe a toasted roll would have made it that much better. The BBQ fries were awesome and would absolutely get them again. 
Big props to them for contributing to this event and donating a portion of their sales to Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy Relief. Very friendly staff and look forward to grubbing with them again!
Haulin Balls was the BEST Holiday addition to our corporate party!!  Friendliness, customer service, and BALLS...were above and beyond!!!  Multiple employees approached me and complimented them to me on how they even remembered our names!!!  Highly Highly recommend them for food and fun!!!
I've eaten from this truck numerous times both at different event/festivals and at a few of their lunch stops.  I enjoy the Zorba sandwich, which is the lamb, the best.  great flavors, great service, friendly, clean, fun.
find them and try it
I really wanted to like Haulin Balls.  I am a big food truck fan.  I've tried them 3 times now and think I am done.  

My first visit I drove across town only to find they closed/left early.  At least send out a tweet or something. It was disappointing but things happen.

My second visit I caught them at Saturday Night Truck stop and got the Maryland Crab balls.  I believe they were $8 or $9.  Crab is expensive so I went with it.  I got two very small balls on a piece of wilted lettuce.  The balls were bite size.  The flavor was good.  I just felt they were to small for the price and the lettuce was unappetizing.  

I decided to give them another try.  I kept seeing people tweeting about their bbq pork nachos.  I went to Vegas Streats and they were sold out.  That made me want them more so I finally tracked them down a few weeks later and got a order.  The flavors were good.  Maybe it was built up to much in my mind I expected more.  They advertise fresh homemade chips but I got cheap yellow tortilla chips.  I mean if your going buy store bought at least get some good ones.  They really ruined the nachos.  I really wanted to love them but they were average.  I might give Haulin Balls another try in the future, but I won't search them out.  There are to many other food trucks out there.
Breakdown of Haulin Balls when I had them a few days ago: 

FOOD:
I ordered the Zorba, Fried Ravioli, and Fried Mac n Cheese bites (not listed on their website).  The Zorba didn't have enough seasoning, too much olive, and was only on half a sandwich roll.  When the food was ready, I was so confused on the size of the Zorba for the cost (of $8).  You get two meatballs and half a bread roll... great... 
The fried ravioli and mac n cheese bites were okay but then again they didn't make the food since it was pretty much store bought and they just deep fried it for you.  

SERVICE:
The service was okay.  The employee that took our order was polite but it what i didn't like was that she took forever doing the math.  She actually made circle dots on her order sheet and counted them to give me the total... really?!?!

With so many food trucks out there, I definitely will not be going to eat here again.
When I first heard about Haulin' Balls, my inner 12 year old boy giggled and was determined to check it out. A few First Fridays ago, a friend and I went on a quest to find the food truck with a funny name, but couldn't find it. We asked at the info tent and they said they saw the truck pull up, but there wasn't enough room, so they left. We checked Facebook/Twitter, but they hadn't posted anything. That would have been a good way to let people know they weren't there! We ended up at Roamin' Dough and had delicious meatball sacks (she said sack.)
This Friday, we finally found our balls! (Heehee.) They had two types: Godfather and Zorba. We decided on the Godfather. We asked the gal how big her balls were (heehee, I'll stop now) and she said they were big enough to share. We were glad because $10 for a meatball sandwich sounded a bit high. She then informed us they were out of cheese...mozzarella AND feta. Blah. We went ahead and ordered it to share, along with some sweet potato tots.
Are you kidding me? Ten bucks for TWO average sized meatballs on half a sub roll? It needed more sauce and the cheese sure would have been nice. The meatball itself was flavorful, but the texture was a bit gristly (granted, I am super picky about my meat.) The sweet potato tots were fine, but nothing magical for $3.
I'm bummed. I REALLY wanted to like Haulin' Balls. It's not that it was BAD, it was just overpriced and I don't get how you run out of cheese at 8:30pm at First Friday! You kind of know it's going to be busy!
Let me start by saying that Carefree Catering has 11 trucks around the valley so your experience may differ.  I believe these are the trucks that typically service the construction sites but have branched out because of the recent food truck craze. Also, when there were two Carefree Catering trucks parked within a block of each other outside my work (the courthouse), I noticed that the menu items and prices were different for each truck.  The trucks that come by my work are all white and don't have any distinguishing characteristics.  I know there is one that is painted but I've never eaten from it.  I have no idea how to distinguish the plain white ones.  

I ordered a California burrito for $5.50 at one truck.  Maybe California burritos have been bastardized outside of San Diego, but, in San Diego (the home of the California burrito) a California burrito is carne asada, French fries, cheese, salsa, sour cream, and guacamole.  This was ground beef, French fries, and a little bit of sour cream.  The ground beef did not taste good so I stopped eating it and I ended up getting sick later in the evening.  

Later, I did notice that another Carefree Catering truck was selling California burritos for $5.  No idea if they differed in any respect from the other truck.  I wasn't willing to risk it again.

Basically, this truck chain is a crap shoot.  I have encountered some people who enjoy the food from their neighborhood Carefree Catering truck.  If you have a favorite Carefree Catering truck, stick with it.  But don't expect consistency between the trucks.
I've learned there are several food trucks under this name, but I have only been to the one outside the RJC on 3rd Street.  I had a 5-Speed breakfast burrito this morning that was AMAZING.  I don't think I'll eat breakfast anywhere else before work. It had eggs, hash browns, bacon, ham, sausage...delicious!  The girl in the truck is very nice too, and they take phone orders in case you don't want to wait outside in the cold for your food.  I love this place!
We stumbled upon one of these trucks by accident while trying to find another restaurant. However, it was so hot outside we gave up trying to find the other place and ate here since we saw a lot of local people ordering and eating around the truck. What a happy accident! The food was so good, it's probably one of the best food trucks I've been to! Highly recommended if you can track them down... they said they move around several times a day, so may be hard to find, but well worth it if you can!
Carne Asada Nachos. The best nachos I think I've ever had.  Moved them from the RJC and my life hasn't been the same.
Our cafeteria at my work has been under remodel for a couple of months now and we have had several food trucks that have been brought out.  This was one of my favorites so far!  They had a large selection to choose from and the prices were reasonable too. Quick service as well!

I ordered the three beef taco plate.  It came with three snack or street tacos, beans, rice and chips.  The tacos were filled with beef, topped with lettuce, tomatoes and cheese.  They were delicious!  The meat was well seasoned and was grilled to perfection!

The second time I had a beef burrito.  Perfect size for lunch!  

These guys were quick and were brought back several times to our location, which says a lot!!
Finally got to try this food truck at the Midweek Munch on Wednesdays at the El Cortez.  Super yummy!  My favorite is the philly tots - tater tots covered in grilled onions, peppers, and thin slices of beef.  They also offer a BBQ pork sandwich which is pretty darn good.  I can't wait to try their philly cheesesteak.

Everything tastes very fresh and the people running the truck are very nice.  Gonna be back soon!
This is a time I wish there were 1/2 stars, it was 2.5 star worthy. Had the Philly Cheeze Steak ($8). The bread was dry, but meat was tender and the cheese was nice and melty. However, overall, it was pretty unmemorable and hardly worth the wait.
One word ~ Rib eye. Yep you heard right, there steak and cheese sandwiches are made with fresh rib eye. 

This is the best steak and cheese sandwich in Las Vegas right now. They use fresh rib eye meat and chop it up even more as they grill this glorious sandwich to perfection. 

Things that make a great Philly: 
1) good meat - well food slingers uses fresh rib eye so that is one of the best available meats for a Philly and it's always a nice portion of meat not to stingy. 
2) Soft bread - There rolls are very soft and have just the right texture to enjoy this delicious treat. Not flaky at all. 

I have had at least a dozen of these sandwiches and will continue to eat their Phillie's until a better shows itself in Las Vegas.  At $8 it's a good deal because your eating rib eye that is filled with plenty of flavor.


P.S. after typing this review my mouth started to water for one of their Philly cheese steaks.  That should help better understand just how good they are.  

The Vegas Villain
The first time I actually got to try Foodslingers was at the trick or treat food truck fest last month. Lately, I haven't been in the mood for burgers or red meat but my sister & everyone kept going on about how good they were & how they they use fresh rib-eye & grind their own burgers. 

The owners are a very friendly cute couple. I ended up ordering a cheeseburger & a philly. I don't know what took me so long to try Foodslingers because it was soooooo good!! My companions & I agreed on how amazing the burger was. You could just taste the freshness of the burger. From the bread to the meat to the cheese to the veggies. Good stuff. My family, sister's family & my 2 cousin's families are hooked. Ever since I tried their cheeseburger, I haven't stopped thinking about it.
These cheesesteaks are not only the best within 5 miles but I personally think that they are the best cheesesteaks I have had anywhere made by anyone!  Don't let the fact that it is in the Outpost Saloon fool you for one second:  THIS IS SOME OF THE BEST FOOD YOU WILL EARTH IN THE NORTHWEST.  I can only think of one or two restaurants that serve better food.  These guys apparently used to be a food truck, but decided it was too hot during the summer to cook cheesesteaks in a truck so now they are camping out in a bar.  I WOULD GIVE THESE GUYS 10 STARS IF I COULD.  The loaded vegas fries were amazing and its good to see a business who isn't afraid to but bacon and ranch on some fries.  Furthermore the Cheesesteak was delicious.  Moist on fluffy bread with just the right amount of cheese.  This place just opened up a couple of weeks ago so definitely go hit this up!
If i could give this no stars i would.  I had no chance to actually eat the food so this review is based completely on how my experience was with this company and the owner. 

According to their website :  http://www.vegascheesesteaks.com/Menu.aspx

Minimum Delivery Amount
The minimum order amount for delivery is $15.

Delivery Area
We deliver within 5 miles.

Delivery Charge
For any delivery additional $2 as delivery charge.

Sooo  you would think that would deliver within a 5 mile radius right ?

WWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGG


They don't deliver.  The funny thing is why the heck would you have your website set up this way and allow the order to be delivered but not honor this... make any sense ??? 

PLUS ON TOP OF THAT !!!!   THE ORDER RECIEPT THEY GET PLAINLY SAYS  DELIVERY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( see below ) 
Vegas Cheesesteaks & More contact@vegascheesesteaks.com to me
 
show details 6:14 PM (1 hour ago)
 
Vegas Cheesesteaks & More(Tel: 702-778-4608)
2200 N. Rainbow Blvd., Las Vegas, Nevada 89108 (http://www.vegascheesesteaks.com)

Order Type: Delivery [ ASAP ]
Payment: PAID

So instead of seeing their receipt , seeing the fact it says deliver    they charge my credit card and make the food......  They should have called me right then and there and said were sorry we dont deliver and we would have gone to pick it up... but NOOOO instead We waited 45 minutes ( they say on their site expect 30 to 45 minute wait depends on time of day ) then i called to find out the status and was notified they needed to caller the owner and he would call me back..... 

Owner calls me and gives me excuse after excuse as to why they cant \ dont deliver and doesnt even offer me a discount just basically tells me sorry for waiting for 45 minutes all we will do is give you a refund. 


I will not be going here because they are false advertising the fact they deliver and cannot accept plain excuses from an owner who obviously has no idea what they are doing.

So now im out 45 minutes of my personal time , i could easily be enjoying some hot enjoyable cheesesteaks but now i never will and will tell every one i know to stay away from here.  

The owner and this company does not deserve to be in business. 

PLAIN AND SIMPLE.

P.S.  To the owner if you actually see these... take delivery off your website ... its called false advertising......
Still waiting on my so called Refund...  Called the owner no answer.  Left a message.  Has been 3 days no call back.   Called my bank , put in a request to fight the charge.  Now i have to wait 30 days for a refund.

So this guy keeps my for 30 days and i dont get my food , nor even a SORRY.    

This is B S !
In the interest of full disclosure, I've know Vegas CheeseSteak's proprietors Bruce & Brandie for a number of years, and nobody deserves their success more than these two.  Grilling in a food truck in 110 degree heat, before food trucks became haute cuisine, proves their mettle.  But also, full disclosure, I'm originally from Philadelphia, so I'm not going to roll over and pump up a mediocre cheesesteak either!

B&B will be the first to tell ya, they aren't in the business of recreating a Philly cheesesteak.  Instead they're creating their own classic Vegas cheesesteaks, and there is a distinction, mostly in their bread and anything-goes attitude of putting meat & cheese on every stretch of the menu.  First, the roll - soft and buttery but surprisingly resilient to the mountain of greasy goodness packed within.  Stubbier than your normal submarine-length but with still plenty of room for a sizable sandwich, the super-hungry can double up on chopped chicken or steak for a reasonable up-charge.  (If you're hung up on the chewy crunchiness - or crunchy chewiness? - of traditional Philly Amoroso rolls, then just go to Pop's already and stop whining, then hit these guy's up when you're ready to break out of your cheesesteak cocoon.)  Veggies are cooked to perfection, grilled but not to death, further adding to the sandwich's mighty heft.  Not feeling a bun, try some cheesesteak nachos or cheesesteak fries -   any bar food you can think to "cheesesteak-ify", these guys already got it down.  

The crown jewel of the 3-page menu is the $37.77 Sin City Cheesesteak Challenge.  Eat over 3 lbs of sandwich in 30 minutes and you get the meal gratis along with an induction into the "Cheesesteak Mafia".  I'm sticking with the "3-Of-A-Kind" (mushrooms/peppers/onions) and a side of fries, as tempting as all that sounds.  But if you miss the 6-lb B3 Burrito Challenge from the shuttered Sahara's NASCAR Cafe, this could be your new go-to gastro-test.

The environs - the Outpost Saloon - can get a little noisy.  Video games, karaoke, poker tourneys, televised sports, video poker and overhead music have a tendency to do that, so be prepared for a boisterous blue-collar environment.
This is one of the perks of living in northwest las vegas, all of the hidden culinary gems, waiting for you to stumble upon.

The cheesesteak sliders were spectacular, the steak was perfect tenderness, and the mild taste of garlic butter on the soft rolls it was served on was subtle, in perfect balance.  Sinful.  

Having never had a cheesesteak wrap before, I was impressed by the addition of crisp lettuce,  tomato and mayo to the traditional grilled onion, mushrooms and steak. It was much lighter than on a roll.  Inventive and addictive.

The wings were slightly crispy outside with tender chicken throughout, buffalo sauce, and honey bbq spot on. Perfect

Bruce took amazing care of us, the DJ at the bar was playing some cool mash-ups, nice crowd with a friendly diverse mix of patrons.

I will be back next week and I have to try one of their cheesesteaks on a roll

Let me finish by saying to Scott W, who gave this restaurant 1 star, that if your favorite restaurants are chains like subway and blueberry hill, and you rank mediocre mexican restaurants like mi tierra as 5 stars, yelp was not invented for a**clowns like you. GO EAT AT APPLEBEES
All I can say is AMAZING!!! I am two weeks late writing this review as with the holidays I didn't have time. My room mate and I went there after we went to the magical forest of lights after I found the yelp deal . Think it was 15 for 30? The only draw back I can think of it was kinda hard to find. We walked in thinking it was would have seating and be well marked as a place to eat. After a minute or two of looking around I asked the bar tender if I was in the right place. I think the woman's name was Dee-Dee? She sits in the corner with signs for Vegas Cheese steaks. I think we were blind since it wasn't what we thought it would be. We ordered a lot of food...We both couldn't decide on a burger or a Philly. So we were directed to the Philly burger. It was a burger with Philly cheese, mushroom and onions. We also got the fried mushrooms, cheese sticks and two kinds of fries. Cheese and I think it was pizza. 


Burgers... juicy, perfectly cooked. The veggies were done just the right amount without being soggy or crunchy. Over all one of the top three burgers I have ever eaten. Perfect if you can't make up your mind or just want something new and utterly yummy.

Mushrooms... now I am a big fan of mushrooms. A kinda picky one at that. The order was huge! I would say at least half a pound of mushrooms probably more. All nice and golden brown and crunchy. The mushrooms themselves weren't soggy so you would tell they were fresh before they were breaded and fried. A must return for these alone!

Cheese sticks.... again nice and golden brown and crunchy. Cheese was nice and stringy without being powdery tasting. Large cheese sticks as well. Not the rinky dink ones you get at fast good places or some restaurants.

Fries.... we got the pizza fries and the cheese fries. We couldn't not try the pizza ones. Yummy pizza sauce and cheese. Only thing that would make it better would be adding little cubes of pepperoni to it. Still trying to figure out how the fries stayed crunchy under the sauce. The fries weren't thin cut or steak cut. Kinda in the middle. The cheese fries crunchy golden yumminess with fresh melted cheese. I liked that they used real cheese instead of nacho cheese. 

Bar tender... sadly I didn't get his name but he was super friendly and quick to make our drinks.

Server/cook .. amazing. She helped us pick out what we wanted when we got the omg so many options glazed look. Quick friendly, but didn't hover when we were trying to talk to ourselves. 

Over all value ..amazing. For all the food we ordered it came up to $30.31.  Large portions. I can't wait to go back and try one of the Phillie's. They looked just as good as our burger. Which did heat back up nicely the next day. Had my doubts it would dry out but it didn't. So worth the drive to North Vegas from South Vegas.
So yesterday was my 2nd time attempting to go there and eat. But yesterday the restaurant was gone. The place was inside of another place. Ask the Bartender and he said they moved and dunno where they went. 

How lovely they moved without posting it on their web site and they don't like to answer the phone when people call to get more information. Waiting on yelp to refund my deal that I purchased from them.

Grrr =T
In the recently renovated Tropicana, this was a quick choice that seemed affordable. But, the caesar salad looked like it was from Wendy's and my pizza slice was decent but cost $7....for a slice.
Located inside Topicana, the South Beach Marketplace is the fastfood place to go if you're ever staying at the hotel.

The food of course is cheaper compared to the joints on the strip, but a little pricier. Though the food does seem healthier compared to your usual hubbub of fastfood chains in the food courts on the strip.

The pizza is good. 

So, if you're ever staying in this hotel and you'd like to save money but feel full, then this place is pretty fair.
Not sure why the other reviewers call this place fast food. It was neither fast, nor fast food quality. The food was pretty good. The breakfast sandwiches (served all day) were great. The pizza wasn't as good as what you'd find at New York, New York, but they still weren't bad. $7, they say? Nope. It was $4 for a slice of cheese pizza. And these slices are huge. Yes, it is pricey, but everything in Vegas is pricey. Compared to other restaurants of similar quality, the prices were average, if not a bit lower than average. This place is opened 24/7, which is a huge plus, as there isn't much on this end of the strip that is opened late. Another plus is the gelato/frozen yogurt bar that is housed with the deli/diner/pizzaria. The gelato was very good, though again, a bit pricey. They give a 10% off coupon at the register that is good for your entire stay, so it makes a medium (which looks like a small to me) about $6.50, including tax. Their frozen yogurt is "pay by the ounce," but it is about a nickel an ounce less expensive than a similar shop at the Mirage.
Wow! Another new truck in the Vegas street food scene. Awesomeness! I was able to try them at the last event of Yelp Geeks Out. I ordered the Milwaukee and it was pretty good. Lots of flavor from the grilled onions and the mustard. I also loved the fries, I'm guessing they hand cut them from the potatoes. And if not, I still love the fact the potato skin is left on, which adds to the texture contrast. This truck has the same concept as Haulin' Balls, but with sausages. From trying both, I would definitely have to say I'd prefer these sausages over balls. Hahaha! Can't wait to come back and try the other sausages they have to offer.
Being a straight male, I am not into Sausagefests. That could be fun for you ladies that roam Vegas in packs, or you gay guys looking for a cruising selection.

Actually, speaking of Cruisin the Sausagefest, that is exactly what this is, a Food truck, named Sausagefest, cruisin downtown, looking for wiener eaters!  

It is only about a month in business, and when I saw it, it was parked right in front of the wiener cart on Fremont street. I don't think Fabian of the Cheffini's cart liked that. 

In the Sauagefest, Oliver runs the truck, and had his cook heat up the wieners for you. They serve eclectic Asian fusion type dogs, pretty good flavors to mix with that round steak to stuff in your mouth. Like Curry flavored, Italian, Langunisa Banh Mi, or other eclectic ethnic flaves, sauces and ingredients.  

It was pretty darn good. And like most late night food trucks, they get a lot of good reviews, people love them. Why? Because reviewers are usually drunk out of their minds and anything tastes great! 

But these really do, even sober!
Finally tracked down Sausagefest at StrEATs. Originally, from Chicago's southside, we put the Polish and Hot Italian to the test. Both measured up! The Vietnamese rolls untraditional, but they totally work. It's a great bun to meat ratio. It's soft and chewy yet strong enough to hold all the tasty bites inside. The fries are skin on and fried crisp just like we could get back home, too. Rock on, Sausagefest! We'll be back for more.
Disclaimer: I'm rating this establishment as a food truck.  Of course it can't compare to certain establishments that offer a dine-in experience, but the food is excellent for the price (You can get a very satisfying meal for less than 10 bucks), so I'm rating it as such. Things such as schedules become really important to me so that I can adequately track down the truck and plan to go if I'm in the area on a particular day.

Review:
Sausagefest.  It's the 1:30AM phenomena that happens to a good majority of clubs on the Strip.  As a straight male, it's when all the eye candy leaves the club, and all that's left in the club are a bunch of drunk dudes that push and shove as they try to find out where all the girls are.

While not a fan of the name of the truck, it's definitely a place that has great sausages.  Oliver says that all his sausages are made by a German shop in LA and has them shipped over. (He's right, I haven't really found any exceptional fresh made sausages from the local meat shops here.) 

But wait, it's not just the sausages, it's the extra toppings that make them even more amazing.

Example: The Bollywood: Take a nice fresh chewy bun, put a sausage in it, top with ground beef curry and raita.  Yeah, it looks like it could kill you, but it gives your tastebuds life.  I assure you that even though it looks like a chilidog gone wrong, it tastes much better than a chilidog.

Other sandwiches I've tried are the Bahn Min (really good, one of their signature dishes), and the Italian job (also good.)

Fries are pretty good too.  They're the skin-on type fries.

Does the food keep well if it's take-out?  It does reasonably well for trips less than 10 minutes (actually tested).  Fries, not so good (but they're pretty hard to keep in prime condition, no matter who's serving them).  They come in Styrofoam boxes if you order it to go.

My only real gripe about this truck is that scheduling is a bit haphazard.  You basically find out about where it's going to be probably 2-3 hours before they're there (if you're lucky you get overnight notice).  Not ideal for planning. (-1 star here.  If they correct, they can earn it back!!!)
These guys dish up sausage that would make Linda Lovelace blush. 

& OK, I'll just come out and say it...I Love Sausage. There...now that that's out of the way.

I caught the truck a while back for the first time during lunch hours just as they were setting up. As far as the truck goes...well, it's a food truck. Not much going on. They hit up the StrEATs parking lot across from El Cortez during lunch hours some days. It's right next to my building which is super convenient for me.

These guys really serve up a quality product. The sausage as previously mentioned is huge. This thing can only be adequately handled by a french bagguette bun.
I opted for the Polish with grilled onions, kraut, and a little fresh onion on top with a good spicy brown mustard and some hot sauce.
Wow. Great black & red pepper flavor to it without being too spicy. Very filling. I don't think I would ever need a combo meal there. Just the sandwich is good for me.
I did get the combo the first time, not knowing how big this John Holmes inspired meal was going to be.
As I recall it came with some fries and some sort of mayo based side. Mac salad probably like most of the trucks do. (Are they co-op buying that stuff?)

The only reason I won't give it 5 stars is that it's a little bit pricey considering I don't want the combo really. I just want the sausage. I think I remember paying $8 for the combo & I wasn't even that hungry at the time.
If you want the fries it's probably right up your alley, but when I'm getting something like this i just want to carry & eat on the go. I don't want the styro container to contend with. I'm gonna hit it up again and see if I can get just the sausage.
& I'll try more of the menu & decide how this place really measures up.
We were lucky that these guys were the ones that were serving up the grinds at last nights event at The Royal House. It smelled amazing.
After a few drinks we needed something to absorb the booze so we walk outside
and order up some italian sausage with onions and peppers and an order of chorizo french fries. The sausage was pretty good but the fries..well thats a whole different story. They were amazing. Perfect shoe string fries covered in an amazing sauce. They were so good.
I have to find this truck again..soon..just so I can eat those fries again.
Do you like the sauseeege?! If so this is a great food choice, you have to follow these food trucks on twitter or Facebook or you'll never find them. Half of the venture is finding them, the other half is the great food. The customer service was awesome!! The chorizo fries are awesome!!!
Gave this place a try at work a few weeks back, wanted to give it a try and feel like I possibly choose the wrong sausage to give a real try.  Ordered the 'lunch special' 1/2 chicken sausage and fries.  It was reasonably priced (been to long to remember exactly how much, but hey they brought it to the door at work!)
Chicken sausage with onions and green bell peppers on a bun, but just seemed to be lacking flavor.  Looking back chicken doesn't have a lot of flavor, unless it's added I don't feel there was much added but the casing in this instance. Fries were a bit to greasy and lacking salt...but I've decided I'll give em another try based on the reviews and the rave from my fellow co-workers who have tried more than I from this truck and were very pleased.  Looking forward to giving them another try in two weeks!
Every time I see this truck I want to try something different, but at the end of the day I get the Longunisa Banh mi.

Vietnamese style bun that's stuffed with the filipino sausage longunisa with the traditional bahn mi accompaniments of pickled radish and carrots, cilantro, and spicy peppers. Spread with a spicy chili sauce. Bomb. The owners are really cool guys and have done a great job tearing up the social media to advertise their truck. Whenever I see this truck around, I always order something.
i tried the Longunisa Bahn Mi today at a food truck meet up at Tommy Rockers. I was torn between that and the Sonora but a person who may have the owner picked for and he was spot on. I may not be Asian but my belly is! The sausage was delicious and the bun was awesome. Some chili paste and jalapenos were tasty and not too hot as i thought it was going to be, which i was fine with. The ranch fries were very tasty. FRESH CUT FRIES with some ranch seasoning..Yeah Buddy! Love fresh cut fries.
We ran into this truck at the Foodie Fest over the weekend.  We tried the vegan sausage with peppers, onions and mustard.  It was just as expected, nothing fancy but we're greatful that they recognize that not everyone eats meat.  I did really enjoy the bread.  It was fresh, soft and the perfect size for the fillings.
I love sausage! ;^)

SITREP

Haha!  And obviously I'm referring to the products of the Sausagefest Food Truck (I hope!).  Meeting some local Yelpers the night before at Yelp's Fremont Street Experience, I had a hankering to go back the next night to Fremont Street and take in more of the local sights since I pretty much stayed put the night before where our Yelp party was.  And boy am I glad I went out the next night.

SETUP

Like most Food Trucks, they employ at best a very random schedule that takes them all over Las Vegas (to maximize their coverage - and possibly avoid violating local ordiances requiring a food truck to not stay in one location for more than 60-90 minutes.

As luck would have it, the Sausagefest Food Truck was making the rounds and I was able to catch it, and grab a great sausage with grilled onions and peppers.  Along with some fries we were looking at only $9.  Well worth it just to have something different and not associated with a Casino buffet for a change.

PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION

The vendor told me that they actually get their links from L.A. and they are delivered to them.  I can believe that since their spiciness rating from my tastebuds puts them on par with some of the best links I've had in L.A. when hitting the clubs their in Hollywood.

I wasn't too crazy about the soggy fries, but that is just one thing mediocre amongst so many things done right.  A solid 4-Star experience.

THE LOWDOWN

The Sausagefest Food Truck is a great local tradition here in Las Vegas!
I first had Sausagefest at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest @ The SIlverton. 
It was so tasty and had so much flavor that we went back for 2nds.
Now I follow them on Facebook to find out when and where they will be next!
I just wished they came to the Summerlin area because we would be in heaven.
Our sausages were $6 each and had what looked like maybe sauteed celery and onions?!?! Either way it was just yummy flavor.
I recommend following Sausagefest on either Facebook or ( I don't tweet) twitter so if you haven't tried them you can give them a try and see for yourself.
Across the land there is food being made in large, brightly colored trucks with hardly a vegetable to be seen.  This vegetarian girl wanders from truck to truck, hoping to find something to tame her hunger but she finds disappointment more often than tasty, meat-free food.  Until one day, a beacon of light shone by a bar and led her to: Sausagefest.

Ok, I may be a bit dramatic, but it's hella tough for this veg girl to get some meat-free food truck goods.  So imagine my surprise when this meat-heavy Sausagefest truck showed up at Tenaya Creek Brewery and served up not only a veg-friendly sausage- but a vegan one!  And better yet- they had two flavors!

So they may just be Field Roast vegan sausages but that is perfectly ok with me.  They are high-quality, full of flavor, and ready to take on whatever toppings you choose.  

My husband had the Tenaya Creek Special, which had a Sage Apple sausage, sauerkraut, grilled onions, and grain mustard.  The regular version of this also comes with bacon (we of course nixed) and is cooked in Tenaya Creek's Calico Brown Ale.  I'm not sure if the vegan version is cooked in beer too since I only took a small bite of his to try.  It's very good, but I've just never been a sauerkraut fan.

I got the Smokey Robinson (without bacon).  It has a spicy Chipotle sausage with barbeque sauce and grilled onions.  It's also supposed to have cheese, but I think they left it off of mine to keep it vegan which I thought was thoughtful.  Since I'm not vegan and pretty obsessed with cheese, I think next time I'll specifically ask them to leave it on.

The bread for these sandwiches is great- a nice doughy inside with a slight crust on the outside and it's perfect for holding all the ingredients of your sandwich in place.  Also, the fries are a great deal (only $1 extra) and really tasty.  I only wish they offered bigger containers for ketchup.

Don't worry, meat eaters, Sausagefest was popular with everyone I saw, so you should give them a try too.

The employees (or owners?) are friendly, the food is good, and they are veg-friendly!  Peace and harmony has finally reached the land of food trucks!

Note to vegans:  There is a $1 surcharge for vegan sausages.  Also, please check to make sure the bread is vegan before ordering (I forgot to ask).
Tried this at the Foodie Fest!  Overall a decent choice.

I forgot what I ordered, but it was essentially a sausage wrapped in bacon, which had a nice crispness to the dog.  This was worth a 4 star.

But we also tried the chorizo fries and it was very dry...not very fresh tasting at all.  All the oil was dried up, and it seemed like a dry topping almost...this is what brought the review down to a 3.  I don't know how you can mess up chorizo, but this wasn't the way I expected it.

I'd skip the fries and go for the other options next time around.  You would probably have a much better experience.
A lot of us at work have been making fun of the name Sausagefest.  It is a rather amusing choice for a name, although some people are offended enough to not want to try the place!  

Anyways, I was only brave enough to try the hot dog and fries. They were hot and tasted fine. I enjoyed the fries in particular. 

(BTW: Someone's review mentioned fishy tasting fries. Mine didn't taste fishy, but I've heard others at my job mention it from time to time, and someone said they're supposed to taste that way. I"ve never heard of such a thing and don't think I want to taste it!)
I've always smelt goodness walking to and fro in between classes, but never stopped to get lunch at the food trucks in the UNLV's free speech area.... 

Until Today! I walked out of class and found people with food truck lunchwares and saw sausages, fries, a table of condiments... 

I wasn't hungry, hungry so I opted for some Chorizo Fries (without sour cream) and was delighted to find yummy-chorizo-burrito flavored fries ! I managed to scarf the whole thing down before I even thought to take a picture :(

Looks like its a must-try with their sandwiches next time they're around.
Sausagefest made another appearance on the UNLV campus last week.

The menu had some promising choices; I had a hard time deciding what to order.  I settled on the longanisa banh mi and ranch fries. My two girlfriends got the longanisa banh mi (she broke my rule of ordering the same thing in a party!) with chorizo fries and baja chicken with fresh cut fries.

There were two registers open which helped speed along the checkout process. One sandwich and fries set me back $7; so I can't complain too much.  The food came out super quick too.

The ranch fries were super salty, and they were just okay. They were just fries tossed in hidden valley ranch powder. My friend's chorizo fries were good though. Maybe it was the slew of goodness smothering the fries (chorizo, cheese, jalapeños, etc.) but I wished I had ordered those instead.

The sandwich itself was just okay. I didn't think it was that spicy honestly.  The longanisa was overpoweringly fatty and I felt the sandwich was a tad one note.  It was missing the spicy jalapeno kick and salt from the pickled vegetables.  Although I could see garlic chili paste on the sandwich, I couldn't really taste it - and my heat tolerance isn't even that high.

Overall, it was okay. I would probably try something else off the menu if I ran into the truck again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find them.
Saw this fun looking food truck parked outside the entrance to the convention center while I was attending the NAB show a few days ago. Decided to give it a shot for a quick bite as I had little time running back and forth between client meetings.

Holy crap are they kidding me? All sandwiches were $10? Are we being held hostage here or what? I have to admit the Milwaukee Brat sandwich was pretty tasty but it was not all that large and not worth ten bucks. All drinks were $4 so for a brat and something to wash it down with was $14! If I would have gotten regular or ranch fries it would have been another $3. Yikes!

I'm all for free enterprise and everything but why did my butt hurt when I walked away from this truck?
Sausagefest is a great food truck!! I love their Chicago Polish and the Sausage and Peppers. Also make sure you order the ranch fries; all they do is put Hidden Valley powder on them, but they are to die for! The customer service here is top notch. My first visit to this truck was lacking, and Jynx apologized for the 30 minute wait and gave me a free soda. Can't beat that. 

Good sausages, great prices, superior customer service. This is a must for all.
Tried Sausagefest for the second time this past weekend. 

The first time I found them at a fundraising event and ordered the Milwaukee Brat... 
YUM.. Nice brat topped with sauerkraut and served on a fresh toasted roll. 

Saturday, they were at Greenfest.. I wanted to change it up and they recommended 
the Baja Chicken. Chicken sausage topped with chipotle sauce and avocado. 
Unfortunately the sausage was overcooked and very dry. The chipotle sauce was very flavorful so it made eating the sausage a bit better, but it was then served on an average bun... nothing like before... or so it seemed like it. 

It was served with a side of fries, which I wish there were more.. Fresh with skin on the outside, crisp and soft on the inside.. 

We'll be sure and try them again and something new the next time I see then truck!
I had high hopes for this sausage truck but they definitely did not deliver! My overall experienced can be summed up in one word, bland. Seriously nothing special really. I honestly can say I could whip up better dogs in my own kitchen with my sausage stuffer!....

Coming from California where i have had food trucks galore in both San Francisco and LA, this truck would not survive...there is simply no wow factor.
I'm sold! Got to try this truck at the 2013 Las Vegas Foodie Fest even though it initially was never on my radar.  Casually passing by, I noticed that aside from the obvious meat options, they also had veggie sausages for sale too.  Now, it's very rare that I find a veggie sausage to be somewhat of a departure from the usual soy- or gardein- tasting fake meat.  But, after watching a few people come back asking if their veggie sausage was really veggie or if someone in the truck jumbled their order and having the gentleman out front confirm that it actually was veggie by the look of the sausage, I was intrigued.  So I ponied up some money ($8, I believe) and ventured to try out the vegetarian sausage.  I had the Mexican Chipotle sausage "S & P" style with grilled onions and peppers and I was pleasantly surprised.  Retrospectively, I should have taken a picture of my sausage sandwich but it was so good that I just kept eating and forgot.  It was pretty tasty that I would go out to say that this was the best meal I had at the Foodie Fest this year.  Simply yums.  Yeah, it was a little pricey.. but the veggie option here cannot be outdone.  Not sure how the regular sausages taste, but the veggie sausage sure is a treat.  Nice job, guys!  See you around UNLV if I'm ever in the area.
Soggy fries and burnt franks. How do you manage that? Good thing they give such tiny portions so we don't have to feel guity about wasting much food by tossing it in the trash. That was a pretty insulting $7 spent. Go to 7-11 instead and get a spicy bite in 20 seconds instead of waiting in front of this crapdog truck for 20 minutes.
I am generally not a food truck person because I don't like standing in a long line to order food that you then have to balance on your lap or eat in your car.  There was a bit of a change yesterday when I tried the Sausagefest truck at the Ugly Sweater run in downtown Las Vegas.  There was no line and I could bring my sandwich back to an area where there were some seats and be comfortable eating.

I walked over to the truck after fellow Yelper Edwin P. walked over.  I was looking at the menu boards when the gentleman said they had a breakfast burrito.  I looked at the filling and decided that would be it.  He gave me a choice of chorizo, bacon, or half bacon - half chorizo.  I went with the 1/2 and 1/2 option.

In a short time, my burrito was handed to me.  It was quite large and it was very hot!  The burrito was filled with scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions, cheese, peppers and both chorizo and bacon.  I had asked for it spicy and the sauce they used was spicy although I could have walked back and gotten some Sriracha.

The sandwich was very tasty and very filling.  I will look for the truck at CES where he'll be out front.  It will give me a chance to try something different.
I love it when food trucks come to UNLV because that means I can easily walk outside the library to grab something tasty. The Sausagefest food truck has been on campus for awhile. Yes, the name is suggestive, but the food is good. One day I had the baja chicken sandwich meal and another day I had a longanisa banh mi sandwich meal. A sandwich, regular cut fries, and a drink currently costs $9. They also have a card that's "Buy 9 meals, get 1 meal free!" and you can purchase a meal either at the Sausagefest food truck or their sibling truck, Tacofest for it to count.

baja chicken - baja chicken sausage, avocado, tomato, onion, chipotle salsa

longanisa banh mi - longanisa (Filipino sausage), carrot, daikon, cucumber, jalapeno, cilantro, chili paste, mayo

I feel like there's too much bread/too little sausage in the sausage-bread ratio, but the food is delicious and I'm left full afterward.
Five star for a food truck.  Love the sausage and fries. 

Food, service, and experience all melded together for great experience.  I had the polish with fries and it met the expectations like the old Chi Town feel. The buns and fries were excellent. The sausage was thumbs up.  I will definitely return for more when I'm in Vegas.
I tried Sausagefest at last year's AFAN's AIDS Walk, but wasn't really impressed with my selection. I don't recall what I had, but I just remember that it was underwhelming. After the Ugly Sweater Run, I was hungry and still had my beer in hand so I figured I should get something to eat. After reviewing their menu, I was intrigued to give it another whirl.

I went with the Mexicali ($7) which has a bacon wrapped beef hot dog, chorizo, cheese, tomato, onion, mayo, and mustard. It's served with fresh cut fries. Really good flavor and completely satisfying. I also tried their special, Pulled Pork Fries ($6), made with 12-hour smoked pork, cheese, BBQ sauce, sriracha aioli, cilantro, and onions. Good stuff! I love all the flavors in both selections. 

The dog is pretty pricey, but I'd much rather have this type of food at festivals, etc than stadium food! The guys were also really friendly and helpful with selections. It's a worthwhile choice for a food truck!
And they are lucky to get one star! I ordered a Chicago style dog, it came with grilled onions and grilled peppers. OK, well I guess they have never been to Chicago! Well I guess I'll roll with it, so I went back up and asked if I could get a little sauerkraut. The guy said sure and started to reach for it when the super friendly female worker (sarcasm) said, "no that makes it an $8 hot dog!" seriously, for 10 cents of sauerkraut? I said "well this really isn't a Chicago dog"  she said "too bad, it's what you asked for" really? At this point I just asked for my $7 back which she was more than happy to give. Advice to this Roach Coach... If you are going to sell something called a Chicago dog wiki it at least, second if someone wants 10 cents of a hot dog topping on a $7 hot dog, it's FREE.
We went to the Brews & Blues Festival at the Springs Preserve (an awesome event, BTW) and decided to grab a bite to soak up some of our beers. Although there were several food vendors to choose from, the Sausagefest menu was most appealing.

My husband had the Smokey Robinson, which is a hot link with bacon, cheese, and BBQ sauce. A little too much sauce, but that was one tasty sausage. I wasn't as impressed with my bahn mi sausage. The longanisa was fine, but there wasn't enough of the toppings (cucumber, daikon, and carrots) to give it much flavor. We both enjoyed the crunchy rolls the sausages were served in, but we didn't care for the bland, overcooked fries we ordered as a side.

I'd give this place a lower grade except service was friendly and super fast, and the prices weren't bad for a food truck ($7 per sausage). If you see the Sausagefest truck rolling your way, stick with the Smokey (or maybe the Mexicali, which looked good as well), and avoid the fries.
Not like anything else you'll find here in Arizona, that's for sure!  

I stumbled upon this truck at the new farmer's market over on Central and Northern.  They were there along with a couple other trucks.  

The menu had probably 15-20 different hot dogs and sausages to choose from.  I got the "Frenchie" dog, which had pieces of brie cheese and pear along with dijon mustard.  This seemed pretty cool and not what I would normally try or find anywhere, but I figured I'd give it a shot.  It was sweet and creamy at the same time...the combination of flavors/ingredients worked surprisingly well!  The hot dog itself had that snap that you find in really good hot dogs and I think it was an all-beef dog.

I also got fries, which tasted like real potatoes vs the cardboard other places pass as potatoes.  

To top it off, I got a peach tea they had from Italy.  Apparently this truck sells drinks that are usually tough to find around here.  Definitely a nice surprise!  

Overall, a really cool concept and a nice looking truck.
I had heard about this food cart and was happy to see it at Maker Faire. Read the menu and I'm not a fan of blu cheese so that cut the choice in half, since almost every hot dog came with blue cheese. I could have left it off....but there wasn't much left after that. We both ordered different dogs. After she took our order and money she told us it would take 30 minutes. I was stunned. It is a hot dog! 

Then I noticed that many people were waiting around for their food. People all around us began complaining and asking when their food would be ready...I thought " well they must be really great hot dogs."  

Nope. Plain old boiled hot dog... Or maybe microwaved. Bun was dry. Relish was flourcent green. Awful. 

For a food cart that specializes in hot dogs they need to up their game. Luckily the crowd at maker faire wasn't overwhelming. There were two people in the truck and one person outside taking orders. She could keep up but they couldn't. If you are out and want a good hot dog go to teds in tempe. Epic doesn't even compare to dairy queen
I stopped here at the central/northern farmers market recently and loved it! I'm kind of picky when it comes to food trucks, but this one was super clean and sanitary, and all of the indredients seemed really fresh. I got the "Frenchie" dog which had brie cheese and pears slices with a little dijon mustard-it was unique and fabulous-not greasy at all, like other hot dog stands can be. I also had some fries, and was shocked to get real potatoes-they were the kind of fires you'd expect in a sit down restraunt-very impressed. Overall great experience-would definitely recommend this place!
Got to try out their cream cheese with caramelized onions at the Food Truck Festival at Talking Stick Fields, was pretty good. My girlfriend's cheddar jalapeno dog was pretty good too. Fries were amazing!  Almost forgot to mention that. Then again, after waiting an hour to get some hot dogs and being hungry for hours before finally getting to eat, my mind could be playing tricks on me. 

As far as food truck hot dogs, I prefer Short Leash, but if I'm craving hot dogs and these guys are around, I'd be sure to hit them up.
This week was Arizona beer week and I was stopping by Taste of Tops to be a part of the celebratory activities and lo and behold, along the side of the adjacent liquor store, Tops, was this lovely little food truck, with a wide variety of hot dog and a number of other sausage options.

My food experience was rather significant because, and I have a dark secret to share with you oh fellow yelpers, even though I've lived in Phoenix for over a decade...never had a bacon wrapped hot dog. I know, crazy right? Well, I took care of that little third tier bucket list item this week and had one with mustard, chili, grilled onions, and some sauerkraut. I had it with bourbon barrel aged stout from Firestone Walker referred to as a Merkin (a subtle bit of humor, go google the definition of Merkin). The hot dog, thanks to its luscious pork belly wrapping stood up well to the strong flavored beer (which, it seems, I did not, based on how I felt the next morning).

I give the truck 4 stars because one of the owners really took the time to explain the history of the business venture to me, the fact that there was not yet, too many yelp reviews of the truck and helped me find his business on yelp (Epic hot dog, not epic hotdog), where I unlocked a discount on a fries upgrade and so I ordered some of their fresh fries with chili, cheese and sliced jalapenos. I will say I think they should look at doing the twice fried french fries for a crispier texture, these seemed to be fresh sliced and fried once, so not bac but without the crispy, crunch texture of a twice fried french fry (you partially fry, let cool down, and then when you make an order, you fry them again). I know, food truck, so that may be too much, but something to consider.

All in all, nice to have a food truck experience in my area. :-)
So, the husband and I got a little taste of epic at the first food truck event.  We didn't get to sample all of their items, but  the ones we did were great.  The ones we didn't get to try there made us vow to track them down and try them out.
I am a short leash fan, after this my husband was an Epic fan.  We were a divided household.  
Well, we found them at first Friday and I've got to say, not only do their hot dogs impress, but these guys are seriously friendly.  They chatted with us, answered any questions, talked about the food truck scene.  They were great, you can tell they enjoy what they do.  They really won me over.  Genuinely good guys!
Then I took a bite of their dogs.
Holy crap.  So good.  
We had the  Good Morning Dawg, a true testament to the power of eggs ( is there anything you can't put an egg on?!) the Seattle dog, cream cheese is NEVER a bad idea, and the Frenchie, with brie dijon mustard and pears it is not your average dog.

All were impressive, and we will be back!  You won me over Epic!
So, I was cruising along listening to the sounds of the International Festival at GCC and lo and behold, FOOD TRUCKS! I walked up to Epic and ordered a Sonoran Dog... I wish it were spicier, but it definitely did what it was supposed to do... Make me whole again. I must try a different rendition at another time. I'm following you guys on twitter just like I said. I devoured the dog in about 2 min. Folks, this is what happens when you take a food truck into a college campus, hungry college students await. Thanks Again, hope to see you folks soon... -Chris Robinson
I grabbed some grub from this truck at First Friday and really liked it. Granted all I got were cheese fries but they were fabulous. Tasted like they were just cut from the spud itself. My friend had an actual hot dog and scarfed it down!
I decided to visit La Pizza after 4 days of staying at Paris and walking by it every time I walked out of the hotel.  I dropped there by during my last night right before they closed.

I opted for their special combo which was 2 slices of pizza and a soda for $9.99.  It's a really good deal considering that their slices are huuuge!!  I picked up a Margherita slice and a slice of their Wild Mushroom pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zSc_PmocVDJEtQwin0ts2w?select=fs9gvLG0jPvW9u-DtLDyCw).  Both were really good!

The spot is conjoined to JJ's Boulangerie and is open from 11am-2am so it's definitely a spot to consider for those late night munchies on the Strip.
Decent and cheap. The two slice and soda combo is only $10. Their marghrita pizza is pretty good. The combo slice was pathetic. Only 1 1/2 pieces of pepperoni and a few pieces of other toppings. Kinda soggy, but the crust was good.
Been there a few times now on two trips.  

First trip the pizza was hard at the end, but it was near 2am, and I dont think they were making anymore 

This trip we went 2x , first time was great and selection was good, 

second time it was the weekend, and there is an inside and outside order station, since we had a group we went inside.  There were 4 pizzas while in line, staring right at us, but one person was working the outside station and was quick as hell, there were two workers inside who were helping at the register, they took your order there.  We stand in line for 20 minutes and get to the register, we ask for pizza and she says is there any there???  I said there was while we were standing there, maybe one of you should help with pizza while the other does the register, she says if you want it faster maybe go outside and order it.  I then try to explain that if there is none inside for us, there is none outside for us right, she says maybe next time.  

I deduct a star for this but only one, I like their pizza, it's cheaper than sabbaro and taste better.  2 slices and a soda for 10.80!!!!

D
Ended up here with the kiddies after realizing that we did *not* want to wait in line for the buffet at Paris.  We ordered a whole pizza, half cheese, half pepperoni (if you have kids you'll get it).  It was decent, although I like the pizza at my local joint better; plus it was a bit pricey ($40+ for a pizza and four drinks, although this *is* Vegas).  Older son thought the crust was too chewy, but I didn't mind. An okay choice if you need some grub in a pinch.
It's 11:50 pm and we are getting the midnight munchies. Thank god for Vegas- a city that rarely sleeps. I've walked by this place everyday since we were staying at Paris and finally I decided to give it a try since it was still open and it was literally a minute walk from our room.

FOOD: I got their two slices with a drink combo for $10 and in Vegas, that's fairly cheap. Ordered two of their pepperoni pizzas with an orange soda named 'Twister'. The slices were HUGE and loved the fact that they were that big, definitely worth my money. BUT, once I got it up to our room and started eating it, it was SUPER greasy. Beyond what I've ever eaten back home at Pizza Huts and Domino's pizzas. Made me feel so lethargic after I finished it. D: Then again, the flavor and the size of the pepperonis were at least pretty decent. The breading was really thin and the crust wasn't too appealing because it got kind of hard at the end. Also, our drink didn't have any syrup in it- it was like dry carbonation liquid (you get that bitter soda taste because it doesn't have any sugar in it). Yeah, that was a bummer. :-/

Overall: A decent place with good prices if you want a late night meal!
Good place to grab a quick bite to eat or take something to go.  Their special is always a favorite that comprises of two slices of any pizza and a fountain drink for $9.99...pretty stellar deal considering we're talking about a Las Vegas casino eatery.  Make sure to have ample time in your hands if you order a whole pizza (10-20) since it is made to order.  I recommend their artichoke and margherita pizzas...they've never failed me unlike the pepperoni and mushroom pizzas.

Horrible thing about La Pizza though is that if Le Village Buffet's buffet line is long you're most probably gonna be bombarded with passerbys saying "excuse me" to you or rudely nudging you a bit, constantly, as you line up to make your order.  Good place to go when everything seems busy at the Paris Hotel & Casino.
Good pizza for $9.99 two slice of pizza and drink for $9.99.
Quick and cheap pizza at Paris Hotel & Casino.

We just needed a quick bite and there wasn't a line as we were passing by, so we decided to stop in.  They had a pizza deal for 2 slices and a soda for $9.99.  Perfect to share with someone.
My boyfriend and I were walking through Paris and decided we wanted something quick to eat to hold us over until our dinner reservation. We walked by La Pizza and saw their sign for the 2 slice and soda combo for $10.00. 

The presliced pizzas looked good while we were waiting in line. I got margherita and my boyfriend got pepperoni. Mine was delicious. I loved the dough and cheese. My boyfriend's pepperoni was a little on the greasy side but what do you expect with pepperoni? He said it was really good and the pepperonis had a spicey kick.

I was eyeing their desserts but decided not to go for it. But now that I look back, I really wish we made a second stop in there for dessert before we left Vegas.

When I come back to Vegas, I will certainly make a pit stop at La Pizza again.
Was here February 25, 2012. Needed a quick bite before a poker tournament. Surprisingly this pizza was really good.
2 slices of pizza and soda for $9.99. Or swap the soda for a beer for $10.99. It was a nice place to grab something to scarf down quick as I strolled through Paris to see the sights.

Nothing particularly special about the pizza- it's actually on the greasier side (the grease will definitely help if you're going to do some major drinking later on in the night).

Cute little tables you can sit at to enjoy your food as you watch the passersby. 

The only major con was that there was only one lady and one little counter. She was trying to take multiple orders simultaneously, but I'm not sure that really helped her save any time.
The Paris seems to be going into a downward spiral. The quality of the buffet has declined to a new low.  They increased the prices at the crepe place so that all crepes are now $10 each. And it looks as if they are trying to recreate the stereotypical French attitude since they are extremely rude to the customers at La Pizza.

I went in one late night last week for a slice of pizza. The lady at the register was a real pill. After I got my $4.50 slice of mushroom pizza, I took a bite and immediately spit it out since the bottom was completely burned, I mean the tip of the crust was the color of charcoal. 

I brought my piece back for a replacement.  The lady went over and looked at the bottoms of all pizzas and brought back a piece of slightly less burned cheese pizza.  The problems with this scenario are (1) I didn't want plain cheese pizza, and (2) cheese pizza costs $.50 less and I couldn't get a refund for the difference.

To add insult to injury, there are no free cups of tap water for paying customers. They charged me $1.00 for tap water on a day when the temperature reached over 110 degrees. It is absolutely ludicrous to charge for a cup of tap water, but you would at least expect them to waive the $1 fee on hot days since you can actually die of dehydration and it is quite easy to become dehydrate in Vegas in late July.

The pizza itself was okay. Aside from the burned crust, it was a tad too salty and needed to be blotted twice since it was so greasy. I guess I am lucky they don't charge for napkins too.
Solid slice for a good price (relatively). A slice is $4.50, or 2 slices and a soda for $10. The crust was crisp and not too thick, and the slice itself was well sauced and topped. Good for a meal in between buffets
I know Paris has a lot of options in terms of dining and eateries, BUT La Pizza is my favorite go to spot in Paris. They place itself doesn't offer much room for diners - small tables and often occupied, but still that doesn't bother me. I don't mind being a vulture to grab a free table, which in my recent experience, took 20 mins.  But long waits are full tables means the food is good!   A pizza place it may be, but that's not how I view it. What comes to mind is food court - but not in a bad way,  La Pizza has so many things to offer - breads, pastries, sandwiches, pizza, dessert, etc, etc, etc. so yeah, a food court, right?

Don't ask me why I came to Paris Hotel two times in one week for that Smoked Salmon sandwich?!? And why did I buy a sandwich at a pizza place?  ok, i'll tell you - I think it's because it's yummy and so simple, and something I could not have made for myself.  And maybe it's because it's next door to the crepe place so I can eat the sandwich, while friends ate the crepe and some pizza....and pastries.  and it's also because the bread reminds me of the bread I had in Europe - soft, and soft and soft....I like soft bread.
Very convenient to grab a slice for a quick meal or late night snack. We arrived in Vegas late, it was midnight East Coast time and we were starving!!! We ordered a bunch of slices from Le Pizza and basically inhaled them. Having a quick pizza counter right downstairs was super convenient so we didn't have to walk around to find food or order overpriced room service.
Ok really, I can make better pizza than this. Its over priced which is no surprise since it's in a casino on he strip. The pizza crust is decent but the sauce lacked flavor and I thought the cheese was very good quality, you can tell when you bite into it. Its also greasy. You want pizza you ll do better at one of the many pizza places outside the strip. 2 slices, 1 soda and 1 beer $20.

The price for a whole pizza is like $25
Greasy and overpriced.
Best pizza ever!!!
3.5 stars. My go-to pizza spot if i want something quick in Vegas at this moment. The pizza is always delicious for some reason. 

It's a little booth at the dining area in Paris. We passed by this several times on our way to our Bally's room and it's great for a quick snack/meal. I ate this while playing slots and it was divine. $4.50 for a slice of combo, its bigger and taste way better than Costco pizza. It's super oily and greasy, thin crusted, but I think that's what makes it so delicious.  I ate here twice for dinner during our Vegas trip and I must say, it saved us from starving. We had no time to walk to McDonalds nor eat at a sit in restaurant, so this saved us time and energy, as well as money.

LA PIZZA! While passing by it my friends and I always say it in a French accent, then Italian, then Spanish. Good times.
I've had plenty of New York-style pizza and this is some of the best ever. La Pizza is inside The Paris on the strip and blew my mind.  My wife and I shared a full-sized pizza (combination) and gobbled it up in one sitting. We ate some quality pizza in Manhattan last summer but THIS place was better than most. It'll be our first stop when we're in Vegas next.
La Pizza, or also known as JJ's Pizza Window, is located inside the Paris Hotel & Casino. It is connected to JJ's Boulangerie. I was waiting for hubby to get finished at a store and decided to try a slice of pizza from here. You order from the walk-up window and they sell pizza by the slice. The cashier was very friendly and told me that fresh pizza was just coming out of the oven. She also said they use san marzano tomatoes in their pizza sauce. I just ordered a simple slice of "Cheese Pizza" priced at $4 before tax. It was a decent size slice. Next to the walk-up window there is a small seating area with about 4 tables that have 2 chairs at each table. The pizza slice was pretty good. I did have to dab some grease off of the top with a napkin, but that was just my preference, it wasn't too overly greasy. The crust was crisp and the pizza was nice and hot. I think next time I will get a slice with toppings and see how that is. I also will ask for a side of sauce since I didn't taste too much of it on the pizza and I usually enjoy dipping my pizza in sauce anyway. I know in the picture I posted it looks like there was a decent amount of sauce, but I really couldn't taste it. The pizza slice is 3.5 stars for me. I give a full 4 stars total because the pizza was edible and didn't taste bad (it just didn't *wow* me), the cashier was friendly and I enjoyed sitting at one of their outside tables by myself having a quick slice and tourist-watching. 

The daily special (probably everyday) is 1 slice of pizza, chips and a drink for $6.99, but I had a drink already so just the slice would do for me today. If you are passing through this is a nice place to grab a quick bite to eat.
I got into town late-- and I mean Late! Or was it early by Vegas standards? Well, anyway, I got ripped off by my taxi driver before I even got near the strip, and was starving. The people I was supposed to meet had their flight delayed and weren't getting in until the next day. I was tired, cranky, and needed to hit the sack. But I was starving. Yum-Yum-Tum-Run, what did I find not but a hop and a skip, no jumps!, away from the elevators to my tower? But this lovely li'l Pizza joint tied to a sandy shop. Got a coupla pesto chickens, took 'em back to my room and chowed, then crashed. Good place, and really didn't seem any more pricey than anything else there, maybe a little less so. 
/Recommend
I would be way more satisfied eating a Hot Pocket.  This little pizza window inside the Paris hotel was open late so I decided to grab a slice since I was starving.  I ordered one combo slice but was served two giant slices.  Normally, this would have made me really happy, but the pizza was super greasy and salty.   I can't complain about the price since it was only a little over $5 dollars after tax but I would definitely have to be drunk to eat here.
Wow this pizza was so delicious!!!!!! I wanted more after my boyfriend and I finished the entire box by ourselves!  You must try it if you're in vegas
You know, this may not be a fair review. I'm comparing this to Boston's Pizza. It doesn't even compare. I had a meat slice and a pepperoni slice. These are New York style pizzas. The crust was still crispy, but the kicker was that there was a ton of taste in each bite. The pepperoni had a strong meaty taste and the Mozzarella had tons of taste in itself. If you're in Paris, check this place out!
Ordered the mushroom pizza here. I was drunk and it was delicious. It also had squid on it. The following morning, I ordered a 3 cheese slice. It was pretty good, I mean how good could a cheese pizza get. The mushroom pizza was perfect though, and the squid was a unique touch that gave the pizza a perfect amount of saltiness and extra texture. I'd try it. 

This place is also open late (not sure of hours).
My family was in town, staying at Paris so we were craving a late night snack after drinking all day. I had a slice of the supreme which was extremely too greasy and almost impossible to eat because it just fell apart when I picked it up. The place is kinda dirty too.. Felt like I needed to bathe after being there :/
Spotted this cute food truck while checking out the cars out at the Super Run Classic Car show.  

I didn't want to order anything too cumbersome to carry since I wanted a free hand to take pix of the cool cars while walking.  I wasn't really hungry either so those corn nuggets they had on the menu would be perfect! 

The young lady who took my order was friendly. We talked about how they need to start tweeting since I have never heard of them other than they said they did Vegas Streats. I rely on social media to track many of the food trucks around town. 

Wait time was less than 5 minutes . The nuggets were in a paper tray and very hot from being just out of the fryer, but it didn't take that long to cool off . Golden brown, had nice crunch when I bit into it. Inside creamy and kernels of sweet corn.  Nothing spectacular, but I liked it! It was portable, it wasn't messy and didn't get all over the place so I was happy with my first order here.  Looking forward to trying out their other menu items if I can track them down next time!
Best burger I've had...first time eating buffalo.  Amazing
Friendly staff. I also love the advertising wrap on the truck itself- it really does remind you of a chuck wagon, with images of hanging cast iron pots and other cookware.  

As for the food, I just can't say it's worth the price. I had the wings and fries combo for $8.00. The wings tasted exactly the way I'd make them, which is to say, buy some premade buffalo sauce and douse the cooked wings in it. The fries looked like crinkle cut frozen fare that was deep fried on the spot.  I'm not saying the food is bad; if you're hungry for lunch it'll do. 

I like the people running the Chuck Wagon so I hate to give anything less than 5 or 4 stars but I'm being honest. If I can make the same quality meal at home with little effort and much less money, why pay $8 for it?
i got the buffalo chicken wrap and wasnt impressed. totally something i could make at home. they are nothing special.
Super yummy!! Loved the buffalo burger. And the staff where all super nice.
We had The Chuck Wagon come to our home and cater a birthday party.  The service and food were amazing.  Kathy Smith, the owner, is a wonderful gal and along with her crew provided some of the best food anyone could have asked for.  From meeting with them for the party menu, set up and take down, the whole experience was flawless.  Everyone attending the party raved about the food and service.  Looking for a great experience with some of the best food, you need to give them a try.

The menu we had at the event was Smoked BBQ Pulled Pork (So good and had a wonderful smokey flavor), she smoked this herself and pulled it the day of the party, Marinated Grilled Chicken, Mac & Cheese (Again this was a homemade treat that was creamy and delicious) Coleslaw and Potato Salad, Corn Nuggets (Don't miss these wonderful treats) Fries and Dinner Rolls.

Don't be fooled by some of the other review's because I promise your going to love having them if you need an event catered.
When I got to the South Point Gourmet Food Truck Fest, they were out of everything but pumpkin cheesecake and pozole.  But the pozole, a spicy chicken soup with cabbage and lime, was pretty damn good.  Fresh ingredients, super hot, great flavor.  Apparently this truck will have guest chefs.  Can't wait to see them around town.
I was super excited to hear that Ichi Mas Truck was going to be at Tommy Rocker's weekly Saturday Night Truck Stop Event. So last minute planning.. a group of us went  after work to check them out. 

Instead of food first... I dived right in to dessert first. I read and heard many great things about this.. San Leche Cake. The sponge cake was Super moist and drenched in what tasted like a tiny bowl of refreshing, melted delicious milkshake!!! The whipped cream frosting was so light, fresh, and fluffy... the juicy, fresh diced strawberries sealed the whole flavor together! The cake tasted so light, yet the flavor gave this richness that embodied what looks like a simple looking sponge cake... but easily became the most delicious cake you ever came across. 

Eyes poppin', happy dance movin'... a bite full of smiles. I was hungry when I came to this truck strop, but having that cake... I could skip happily back to my car and head home. It was enough for me to be full! I was so jolly after eating this.. I was glowing with delight!!! I was beyond impressed and bought another one to go, so my Mother can taste this cake greatness. I even got all my coworkers to buy this dessert, since I couldn't stop raving crazy about it. Even one that wasn't milk friendly couldn't resist!!! They all enjoyed it as much as I did. 

Ichi Mas Truck knows how to make a statement with their San Leche Cake. That screamed volumes in my taste buds. Service was friendly and fast. Always had a smile every time I came back. Love this cake!!! Dreaming about it ever since...
All I ever read or hear about is this San Leche Cake. Which only added to my sadness when they did not have it. My first experience with them was at the most recent South Point Food Truck Festival. With the guest chef, we got Wong Wings, Spam Musubi, Braise Pork Sandwich, and Ebi Ceviche. I ordered the last item and thought it could have used jalapenos or more citrus to liven up the bland flavors. 

I want to give them another try since I love Spam Musubi and any soaked cakes. The concept of having a new guest chef also adds to the fun. Even if a customer does not  enjoy one visit does not mean that they will dislike their next one. A bit of Russian roulette never hurts anyone. Actually, I will retract my previous statement...
I was lucky enough to find this little gem at the Truck Stop last night.  I didn't get to try any of the actual food b/c I became obsessed with the cupcake.  Holy Cow!  I don't remember what was in it....Boones and some other alcohol I think, (I had too much of some other alcohol in me to remember)!  But it was the BOMB!  Can't wait to try everything else!

Welcome to the Vegas Food Truck scene guys, you ROCK!
I love fried pickles and was so excited about getting them. Waited for over 20 minutes to finally get them and I received 3 measly spears that were over cooked because the pickle was chewy and lacked the crunch I was craving. Came with a side of ranch straight from the bottle (where's the special sauce that should come with this?) 4 dollars for this?? Not worth it. These are not typically on their menu but they should not have it at all. If you do something subpar, just don't do it at all. Not impressed by the menu or prices.
The Buttermilk Pie is fucking awesome.  After biting into it for the first time, I had serious concerns that I may have shit myself from its deliciousness.

Awesome selection of hot sauces as well.
Yum!  I tried the pork bowl and the steak bowl.  Both were awesome.  The pork bowl had a very smoky flavor.  They have a variety of fresh hot sauces ranging from mild to very hot.  The hottest one is Ghost of Granny, meaning ghost peppers, which has a surprisingly good flavor but kicks in about 5 seconds later with the heat.  Brillant!  Get everything loaded.  Guac, sour cream, cheese, jalapenos, etc. Don't be a picky wimp.

The chocolate pork balls were also delish.  Chocolate, granola, and BACON! Friendly folks.  Got a yee-haw out of them for something . . . not sure what though.  Definitely a keeper.
Save room for the pork balls. They are surprisingly good.
While I was enjoying Fried Pickles in the form of deep-fried discs at The Rusty Pickle Food Truck during the Las Vegas Foodie Fest, a lady who was unknown to me tipped me off that if I really wanted to taste a great fried pickle, I should visit The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck that was not very far away.  So, although not really hungry for more pickles nor very enthused about the name of the company but intrigued nevertheless, I decided to not let this opportunity for a head to head comparison pass me by.  So, I strolled over to The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck, and ordered the only pickle dish on the menu: Deep-fried Irish Pickle Spears, and a Coke.

Before I got my completed order, I was summoned by name to the truck window, and was handed $4 as change that I had forgotten to wait for just after I placed my order.  This alone was worth an extra star.

And when I received my pickles soon afterward, what initially came to mind as I first saw three fairly thin pickle spears resting in a small paper basket was "This is all I get for $3?!"  But then I liked crunching down on the warm battered spears and tasting the thin length of pickle inside each one, and by the time I was through noted how very filling and delicious they were, with or without ketchup or a mild white remoulade applied.  I don't know how Irish pickle spears are different from other pickle spears, but these deep-fried beauties were mighty tasty--even though priced at $1 a spear.  In fact, they narrowly won my personal Fried Pickle Throwdown pitted against The Rusty Pickle's more lightly battered but also tasty, deep-fried slices. 

And, the friendly employees of The Redneck Kitchen didn't seem rednecky at all.  I am now an enthusiastic fan!
This Year, Redneck Kitchen was servin' up their tasty grub in the VIP Tent which knda hid them from public view.

On Friday Night, They served up a Meatloaf Spring Roll with two sauces, a ketchup-mayo one, and some kinda gravy based one. The crisp outer texture was nice, and the meatloaf inside was well seasoned.

On Saturday night, We got to try their Deep Fried PB & J Sammies which was pretty grub-not too greasy and not overly sweet either. The batter also had a nice crunch to it without being soggy which was great. Looking forward to trying other creations in the future.....ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(92/100) "Upscale Redneck Grub"
Dirty, delightful, heaven!
In the Lee's Discount Liquor Parking lot, a lone food truck sits. No, not Hanshiktaco, they've sadly  closed. Roamin' Dough is it's replacement. Roamin' Dough serves up pocket pies, fried dough pockets filled with yummy meats and cheeses, along with toasted ravioli, Parmesan fries, and other goodies. I tried the beef and cheddar pocket pie today. It was pretty simple, beef, cheddar, onions and red peppers, inside the pocket, but it was DAMN good. I'll be back for more, since it's near my house, and let you know what the other pockets are like when I try them.
Update: Just had a chance to try out the panzarotti (pepperoni, cheese) and the bacon wrapped dates.. The panzarotti was oh so yummy. And the the bacon wrapped dates are like heaven.  Actually, they accidently overcooked my first order, so they gave me extra dates when they remade it. Happiness!
It's pretty rare that I rush home and type up a review  immediately after eating but I feel compelled to after eating at Roamin' Dough. Sadly Hanshiktaco is no more but luckily it was bought by some damn good(and friendly!) cooks.

The idea of a "pocket pie" just sounded strange to me because I immediately though hot pocket(YUCK!). Roamin' Dough actually serves up what can be considered the sick, twisted love child of a calzone and a hot pocket. Warm, flaky crust packed to the edges with tasty meats and veggies. I had the southwestern pocket pie and it was really interesting. The Avocado cilantro dipping sauce was the real star of the whole meal and brought every flavor together perfectly.

Dan R. wasn't kidding about those dates either. Holy crap it's like I went to Firefly heaven! I was reserving judgement because Firefly dates are my unhealthy obsession but this place hit the nail on the head. Not to mention there were around 10-12 dates in my container compared to the 4-5 you get at Firefly. 

Roamin' Dough truly has a good chance at becoming the next big thing in Food Trucks and I truly hope they take the ball and run with it. Can't wait to try another pie!
The red stationary truck in the Lee's parking lot has gotten a makeover, a new owner, and now serves delicious "trailer made pocket pies". I picked up a Panzarotti (pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato) and a Southwest (chipotle chicken, green chili, corn, black beans and cheese) and both were still piping hot when we got home.  It was a little greasy, but what do you expect from some fried dough goodness. The fillings were plenty and the dipping sauces were the perfect compliment.  I actually found myself saying "Mmmmmm" after my first bite. And the second.  And the third.  

I also ordered the bacon wrapped dates and they were the perfect combo of sweet and salty.  The blue cheese crumbles also had me begging for more.  I'm so glad it is in my neighborhood because you can bet I will be back again to not only get my fix of bacon wrapped dates, but to try the other delicious dough creations. They are also wallet friendly- only $5 per pocket pie.
Just picked up the bacon wrapped dates and their last pulled pork pocket. One word "Delicious!". The dates are filled with a smoked almond which add a great flavor/texture. The pulled pork has a nice tang to it. Highly recommend trying this place!
Alright, I'm bumping this up to 5 stars after going back at least 3-4 times in the past few weeks and receiving nothing but the most amazing pocket pie concoctions and over the top customer service.

I mentioned a twitter promotion they were offering and how I was upset I couldn't partake in it and the owner gave me the promotion no questions asked. I really wasn't expecting that and it is service like that that will have me coming back time after time. Throw in incredible daily specials and there is always something new to try which keeps the foodie in me happy. Keep up the amazing work!
Found this thru the yelp blast that went out today.  Read some reviews and headed over.  Delicious, the pastry was light enough to taste great, but firm enough to hold the meat.  I will be back, especially because they have a semi permanent spot. Don't forget the bacon and blue cheese dates - so good.
I was able to check out Roamin' Dough at Tommy Rocker's this past Saturday. There was a selection of food trucks to choose from, Roamin' Dough caught my eyes because they offered up bacon wrapped dates. 

My pal Jaime W. ordered the dates (and some fries but I didn't try those) and was willing to share with me, so I ordered  the Panzarotti, which is like a pepperoni hot pocket only WAY better. Neither order took very long and both the dates and the pocket came out super hot.

The pocket was ok, it was jam packed with pepperoni and lots of yummy, melty mozzarella cheese. I waited a little too long to eat all of it and it ended up getting a bit soggy on the bottom.  The dates on the other hand were fantastic, anytime I see Roamin' Dough out and about I am going to get an order of them for sure.

If you are a fan of the bacon wrapped dates at Firefly, you should check out Roamin' Dough, chances are you'll be a fan of their dates too!.
Holy crap this truck/trailer/potentially mobile food service entity is GOOD!  I tried the cordon bleu pocket and the bacon wrapped dates.  The bacon wrapped dates rival Firefly's . . . and from a truck!  But the pocket stole the show. Only $5, huge, and oh so tasty.  Creamy sauce with generous chunks of ham and pulled chicken.  

I think the cordon bleu pocket is a special.  But if the other pockets are even close. . . holy crap.  I'll be here every chance I get.  The side of the trailer says they serve breakfast, too.  Score!
Not the kind of food I expect or want to eat out of a truck in a parking lot.  To me, trucks are about burgers and tacos.  Some of the best versions I've had have come from trucks.  What I don't want is a bacon-wrapped date, fries, and a chicken cordon bleu hot pocket.

Hint to food trucks...  do one thing really well.  Don't be everything to everybody.  Do great hot dogs or burgers or doughnuts or ice cream or tacos, but not all of them.
I'm hooked, and thanks to Roamin' Dough, I will never look at a hotpocket or any pocket pie the same way again! If specialty filled dim sum buns are your thing, then I promise you my friend, that specialty pocket pies will ALSO be your thing. 

I ordered the Panzarotti, Trailer fries, St. Louis Toasted Ravioli, and the Bacon wrapped Dates. 

o0o...the dates! the dates! Those are my favorite. Although its not a pocket pie, I'd still have to say that their dates are my fave. It's a sweet taste thanks to the smoked almonds, and the blue cheese crumbles cancels out the sweet flavor so that its not too sweet. The nice bacon crunch also made it a good combination. I'll never have another stuffed date again unless it's with their sweet wine reduction, smoked almonds, blue cheese crumble, and wrapped in bacon.

Panzarotti, its huge! it's very filling, and much like a pizza hotpocket just with that nice extra doughy crunch to it. If you're looking for a quick snack, this would be a good choice. It's like a mini calzone. They split it in half for you so you can go halvsies with a friend! 

Trailer fries are addicting! The herbs and Parmesan cheese make it go great with your Panzarotti. Thanks to the seasoning, the fries don't taste boring at all. 

St. Louis Toasted Ravioli is like the pizza pocket pie, but just a mini version. if you get the ravioli, I'd suggest ordering a pocket pie that doesn't consist of marinara or any similar tasting to pizza or ravioli to widen your variety and taste buds.

Service was wonderful. They were so friendly and accomodating to my requests. I'll be back for more. Thanks Roamin' Dough!
LOVE Roamin' Dough!  Tried their vegan southwestern pocket served with chipotle sauce ~ to die for!  Hopefully they keep the vegan option but think they will since it's becoming requested for.  They are all over town.  Follow them on Facebook or Twitter!
Don't know why it took us so long to try Roamin' Dough, but I'm glad we finally did!
They happened to be at the Gourmet Food Truck Block Party this weekend, and Wifey
thought that the Southwestern pocket pie sounded delicious, so we got one of those along with an order of Bacon Wrapped Dates.

WOW! Nothing but good flavors and textures in the filling paired with the dough which seems like a cross between a very flaky pie crust and puff pastry-SO TASTY!!!

Looking for a hot date? You can find 'em here! These bacon wrapped bad boys pack such a flavor combination that you can't eat just one! Roamin' Dough's version definitely
ranks up there(I think it surpasses them) with Twin Creek's and Firefly's ones.

Definitely worth a visit if you haven't tried them yet...ALOHA!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(277/365) "Pocket Pies...The NEW Hot Pocket!"
Finally checked this place out, as it's only a couple blocks from work. As a fan of delicious flavor, I'm sorry I didn't try sooner.

In a nutshell: Tasty, tasty hot pockets / empanadas.

What I tried:
1 turkey, bacon, cheese, and caramelized jalapeno pocket pie with a side of mango chutney; great flavor, very nice bit of heat from the jalapenos, and the chutney was a great flavor counterbalance.

1 southwestern pocket pie: chipotle chicken with cheese, green chile, sweet corn, and black beans, with a side of cilantro avocado cream sauce; not spicy, but more flavorful than the turkey/bacon one. Very filling.

1 side order of mexi-fries: fries with chili, lime, and parmesan flavor, covered in sweet corn relish; decent flavor, but a little too sweet/tart for my liking.

The pastry pockets themselves were hot, crispy, flaky, and chewy. I ordered too much food, because I wanted to try a few different flavors, and each pocket is quite large - think a bit smaller than a large calzone. Luckily, I brought them back to work and was able to share with some coworkers.

Bottom line: Great pastry, great fillings, great price (~$5 each). Will definitely come back, and definitely want to try their bacon-wrapped dates next time. Gave it 4/5 because I think I'd have to try other items on the menu to see how they compare, and because the mexi-fries were only average.
Just tried Roamin' Dough for the 1st time today at the First Food Truck Smackdown.

The two ladies in charge of the food truck were extremely nice. They explained the entire menu, even though we were there for a sample. I loved their menu but promised myself I would only do the sample to keep a fair and open mind. 

They gave us two of their bacon wrapped dates, sprinkled with feta cheese and drizzled with sweet vinegary sauce. Not liking dates, I tried them anyway. Always giving the benefit of the doubt. Sadly I was not a fan, it was very sweet but i still can agree it was full of flavor. Sweet AND salty. 

The customer service was great and they gave my daughter a cute blue pin wheel to have. I cant wait to come back and update with their famous pockets!
Roamin' Dough is normally located in the parking lot of the Lee's Liquor near our home. I have been wanting to try them for some time, but every time I think about checking it out they are closed. Even during what is supposed to be their normal hours.

I finally had the chance to check them out at the food truck smackdown. They were serving bacon wrapped dates. I don't really like dates, but these were the real deal. A touch sweet for my tastes, but definitely way better than anything I expected off a food truck.

I can't wait to try their other offerings. Just hope I catch them open some time.
Delish!
A friend and I went to First Friday and ended up at Roamin' Dough for dinner. It was awesome! We had been looking for Haulin' Balls, but they weren't there, so of course we had to try the Meatball Sack (hehe, Beavis, she said ball sack.) That was one tasty ball! Ok, seriously, the meatball was really flavorful and wrapped in a yummy dough and came with marinara sauce on the side. The star dish had to be the fries, though! They were so good, fried perfectly, and covered in herbs and parmesan cheese. We also had the cilantro avocado dipping sauce for the fries...amazeballs! The price was also good...$10 for 2 people. Give them a try!
Here is the breakdown for Roamin's Dough when I had it a few days ago:

FOOD:
Panzarotti (Pepperoni with smoked mozzarella and Parmesan) - taste like a bland pizza stuffed in a flat piece of dough that was super greasy. 

Buffalo Chicken Pie (Spicy chicken, celery, green onion, and spicy buffalo sauce) - This was the better tasting item if I had to choose if you put a gun to my head.  Amazingly this pie was greasier then the Panzarotti and you can feel the oil coating your mouth.  

The taste of the chicken was a lot better then the pepperoni but if you were to look at the exterior (without cutting the pie open) they look exactly the same - flat, greased up, limp, and definitely nothing like the photos on their website lol

SERVICE:
Thankfully I didnt ordered from them directly since if their service was as good as the food I would probably put negative 1 star.
Roamin' Dough is definitely going down as one of my favorite food trucks I've tasted.

I've heard my friends talk about this truck and how much I have to try their pockets. I saw them and gave in to the southwest pie. The $7 I paid for it was worth it. The pie was beyond what I expected. The dough of the pie was soft and every bite had flavor.

Waiting for the food wasn't a problem either. Compared to other food trucks that take awhile to cook their food, Roamin' Dough didn't take that long. It was probably a maximum of 10 minutes, and if it does take longer I would not mind.
Grub!  Gotta have it Grub for flight crews and airport employees only!  Our on private taco truck and more.  Good service until it gets busy.  Somehow, Monkey always gets order lost in the mix.  Otherwise, it's the best place to eat in the entire airport.  Good prices for good food.  Tacos, burgers, tostadas, sandwiches, breakfast burritos - absolutely filling and don't forget the ice cold drinks and treats.  Monkey usually do:  ASADA TACOS, CHICKEN TACOS, BREAKFAST BURRITOS...
Great food for a good price! The deals here a really good. The Las Vegas airport is expensive for almost all food. The "Roach Coach" is the best deal around. Honest fast friendly service and the food in its to go container is perfect to take on the airplane!
Big portions, great price. Fresh cilantro. I haven't had anything bad here. I was somehow persuaded to try a "wet" burrito. It looked really awful and was sloppy to eat (be sure to grab a spoon), but it was really delicious! I'll definitely be getting this again.
I always get their Ck.tacos. You get 3 tacos with rice and beans for about $7 bucks. I hear everything else is pretty good as well. I will have to try their Carne Asada tacos next time around.
This place has gotten a new name, a paint job and some giant cards on the wall in the last year. Welcome to Aces! Yeah I know what an original name for a giant food court at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Can you feel my sarcasm?

I've been eating at this place since the South Hall has opened up but I will review the new location. Not much has changed! There is still a giant salad bar in the middle at lunch time and fresh fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, cereal at breakfast time. Fruit costs $1.50 per piece. I know but remember were at a convention center. Salads come in large and small and you only pay for what you cram in there. A good bonus for those who know how to pack really well! The only thing the new management added is a giant rope around the whole thing which makes it even more confusing. I really hate it. There is no room to pass, so I have to wait behind indecisive people with there large bags full of literature (they will never read) on there shoulders. I really love that! Again more sarcasm!!!

The food is okay...runny eggs in the morning and overcooked burgers in the afternoon. The sandwich shop is good. There is also an Asian option and a pizza option too. The pizza slices are pretty large and greasy. I've noticed that there seems to be a new refrigerated case with some grab and go items. I think that is a great idea because the lines at lunch time are out of control.

Once you get into Aces, there is a line for every food station, so be prepared to wait. Oh yeah more ropes too. In fact they set up a switchback that was so tight I could hardly make it down. In fact, I gave up and went around and entered from the front. The people in line were laughing so hard because I made some funny comment about it. They all said that I made the right choice by going that way and they wished they had chosen my route prior to my arrival.

The food here is not great. I really try to stick to the fresh salads and fruit, at least I know I wont be bloating on 10,000+ milligrams of sodium. FYI there are not many options around. I've gone over to the hotel and the quality is a little better. Sometimes I just hop on the monorail and head towards the strip and get off at the first stop to find a better option. This place is here as a convience and you would never eat here by choice.

My rating is for the quality and choice of food. I do like the employees they always seem really good. They just keep working away trying to get you in and out but they are fighting a losing battle. So my review rating is not for them, in fact I would give the workers here 5 stars.

Also the room is really big, so you you can always find a place. I usually always end up sharing a table with others. I call European rules here...so sit with new people, share a table and make friends!!!
Like the old saying goes, you can put lipstick on a pig, but in the end you are still making out with a pig! Since the last time I was here at this food court at the convention center they slapped a coat of paint on the place and redecorated a bit. Renamed it "Aces". Woo-Hoo! How appropriate for Vegas. Too bad the food comes up far from aces.

The problem is that you are still being served up mediocre food offerings at a high price point for convention center slop. Think bland burgers, rubbery grilled chicken, fake Asian food, and greasy pizza. At least there is a salad option here but that is about it, along with some pre-packaged stuff to grab and run.

The one thing that didn't change are the long ass lines that makes you want to kill someone when trying to get a bite to eat here during lunch hours. At least there are a lot of tables here so when it's crowded you can do the hover and grab a seat when someone moves.

God, I really hate convention center food.
If you accept what you're getting - and considering the tradeshow atmosphere - this place is decent. Extra star for being a decent place to eat. 

The following cuisine types were noted

American Grilled Meats
American Chinese
American Italian
Rabbit food

I'm a fan of the rabbit food, even though it can be a 15-30 minute wait during peak lunch hour to start building my bowl of bagged mixed greens, artichokes, canned olives, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, and croutons and garbanzo beans, it's a faster line than the other food stations. 

Cashier stations are efficient as possible (considering the chaos) - it most of the cashiers are retirees making an extra income. But I normally wait in a cashier line for about 3-7 minutes - pretty typical wait time for here. 

There are typical tradeshow prices - which is about 30-40% higher than what you can find in say a regular grocery store, or a strip mall, but that is life in Vegas.

Normally, the mess hall is filled with every single seat taken when I stop for lunch. What I usually do during lunch is take my food outside and take one of the benches along the perimeter of the building and enjoy the sun. If there's no benches, there's always the grass to sit on. :-)

Tip: Please - don't be a prick in while in line. It's a tradeshow - everyone is wired and stressed. People need to lighten up and take it in stride.
Great breakfast burrito. Very friendly and not shy on the serving size!! 

The tortilla is soft and flavorful and the bacon is nice and thick. I couldn't even eat half of it so I'm looking forward to leftovers tomorrow.  I just wish they gave you more salsa!
We ordered two combos...
tthe refried beans were a bit watery-other than that it was pretty average. The rice was pretty good. The meals were under $15.00 for two people.
The Best Street Side Tacos in Phoenix! I've been searching for real tacos in Phoenix for years and this place has them. Cabeza, lengua, carne, pastor and there served up with grilled jalepenos and onions. Everything is great their tortas, beans, rice, ceviche. The flavors are spot on.
Food is excellent and a great value. The unassuming taco stand (off freeway Downtown) delivers the goods. The horchata is a little too sweet for me, but still drinkable. Service is speedy and you'll see a lot of customers hanging out. The neighborhood looks sketchy, but there are two police command stations within a half mile which keeps the order. The homeless along the boulevard do not disrupt the business.  Also, the taco stand is right off of the Cultural Corridor by the Cashman Center which means that you are close to everything (e.g. freeway, downtown, the Strip, Fremont Experience and North Las Vegas casinos).  I only wish they had somewhere to sit momentarily.
Correct Name: Tacos El Buen Pastor, NOT Taqueria El Buen Pastor or Tacos El Pastorcito

Correct Location: Corner  of Las Vegas Blvd. and Bonanza, NOT Eastern...

This is a duplicate listing....

Yelp HQ please handle this!!!
- The Skinny - 

Service: 4 Stars
- Cashier was friendly, food served quickly

Food Quality: 4 Stars 
- Ordered the "puerco ahogado" (A pork and bean sandwich "drowned" in red Salsa. It was good and a good portion size. Also had the "Chia" drink which was good and refreshing! 

Pricing: 4 Stars
- Afordable Mexican Food. CASH ONLY!!!

Atmosphere: 4 Stars
- Looks and feels authentic. Felt like I was in a little piece of Mexico :) 

Comfort: 4 Stars
- Booths were comfortable. Moderate sized place. 

Location: 4 Stars
- On a busy street, no trouble parking. 

- The Fat - 

Came here with my brother to try the Al Pastor tacos he loves from them so much. We tried going to their food truck location but they were closed for an extended cleaning so we were directed here. Sadly, all they had available was pork... We both enjoy pork so we pulled the trigger. I enjoyed the service and feel of the place. I would like to try their other menu items.
Love the carts. Pretty much love all the carts. But whenever I eat from any of the carts this must accompany my meal. She has a really large variety of fruits to make smoothies and you can mix and match. There are also non-fruit things that you can add like chocolate but I always stick to the fruit. MmmmmmmMMm.
Nice smoothies but this review is more a plug for their spring rolls-- not sure if these are a regular item (there was a sign taped to the straw dispenser advertising them), but a single spring roll here was nearly as big as a burrito-- so a spring roll and a smoothie will pretty much set you up for lunch!
We generally head to Madison a few times per year to hit up the Dane Co Farmers Market (because it's amazing!). The Natural Juice cart is almost always on the agenda because, let's face it - the market is CROWDED. The sea of humanity can get overwhelming, especially on a hot day.

Enter "break time" at the Natural Juice cart - the ladies that work here are fast and pleasant. Their juice is fresh and delicious and reasonably priced. The Mister generally gets a smoothie but I stick with refreshing, tart limeade.

One other plus - you can get creative and design your own smoothie flavor. Want a soursop and blackberry? Chocolate and avocado? Blackberry and jackfruit? No problem - they'll make it for you.
Situated in front of the Showtime Carwash, I had driven by this taco stand several times a week for the last month.  I am not sure exactly when they're open but definitely on Friday and Saturday nights.   

After subpar al pastor tacos a few days before, this was a must check out.  You're clearly able to see the gigantic spit of al pastor even going by at 50 mph.  It's almost as if time stands still and you hear voices singing from the heavens!  Not really but it looked pretty fucking good.

There were 6 people in front of us with a few waiting for their orders but the cooks churned out the stuff pretty quick.  Most tacos were a $1.50 but we splurged (wink) for another 50 cents and got 2 lengua tacos along with 4 al pastor and 2 carne asada.   I was immediately psyched when the guy taking our order asked if we wanted pineapple with our pastor.  Yes.  Yes we would.  

They also offered quesadillas and burritos but we were in total taco mode.  I was impressed with the condiments they offered including 3 salsas (mild green, really spicy dark green and mild red pepper cream), very spicy onions (awesome), chopped raw onions, cilantro and radish.  They also offered grilled onions and whole jalapenos which were also free.  Most customers chose to stand and eat but we bagged everything up and ate at home.

The pastor was pretty good but not the best I've had.  The carne asada and lengua were very solid too.  We actually contemplated driving back to get a couple of more tacos. Definitely will be back.  Maybe we'll bring lawn chairs and a six pack of beer next time!  I hope they stick around.
The best taco's in Las Vegas!
Oh my goodness! How am I just discovering this place? One of the guys at Those Guys Pies recommended them to me. 

Yelpers, they are so good I ate there two days in a row. They offer burritos and gringas and different things but I say go with the tacos. Hubby tried them all and loved them. I as usual chose al pastor, two rancheras (with avocado and crema) and two regular. The meat is SUPER moist and flavorful. Four really wasn't enough, they are extraordinarily light! I could've easily eaten 20! 

As if super tender, moist meat wasn't enough, holy cow the salsas are amazing. And really, you can have sub-par meat but a good salsa elevates a taco. Oh man the green one was sooo good! Super hot and onion-y. It will give you terrible breath (as I write this I still smell to onions) but that's how good it is! I brought a bunch of containers home and have used the salsa to make huevos rancheros, poured it into a bowl of clam chowder and used it with fish. FYI, they are open thursday-sunday. 

Go get yourself some great tacos for dinner tonight!
This is exactly what I'm looking for in a Street Taco Cart!

They have great Pastor Tacos...image that...and from a place called Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor?!?  They give you an option of pineapple with the Pastor as well...the correct response is "Yes please!"

They also do really solid Asada and Lengua.  They have other meat options too, but I have not tried them yet...and in addition to tacos, they also offer other selections such as Burritos, Gorditas, etc.

One of the true highlights for Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor is the salsa bar!  They have some wonderfully flavorful and spicy salsas.  I like heat, but don't like it when there is only heat without strong flavor...don't have to worry about that here!

Thanks to Alison Y. for pointing this place out to me!
this is my favorite little taco stand we have gone at least 5 times since i have discovered it.. al pastor tacos with pineapple and their yummy green salsa ... delish
This place is conveniently located so that's my favorite part about coming here. They can be found most weekend nights in the Showtime car wash parking lot on Tropicana, just east of Jones. 

My fella and I come here when we want a quick street taco fix and don't want to travel too far away from home. The meats are a little on the dry side, but still flavorful. The salsa bar is limited to three salsas and some other fixings that didn't looks too appealing so I settled for some salsas and took them to go with us. 

They packaged the tacos well. They never spill or slide around on the plate during our drive home. My favorite was probably the asada. That's pretty strange for me since I usually prefer el pastor, but this one isn't my favorite. 

Still a solid choice in the area and the service is pretty friendly and efficient.
This has to be the best taco spot we've tried on this side of town. As many of you know, there aren't that many set up in the southwest part of town. We live close by and we pretty much come here EVERY weekend. My favorite is the al pastor, I've tried all the other stuff but nothing compares :) Their sauce has got to be the best also. They're so good that you can't stop eating them!
Definitely not bad at all, its the closest stand to a taco stand in Tijuana that you're gonna get here in Vegas. The tacos al pastor had good flavoring as well as the carne asada tacos. Loved that they had a variety of salsa and accompaniments, not too many tacos places offer more than radish so the fact that they have cucumbers is great. Not to mention it was clean (BIG plus in my book).
Checked this place out since we were in the area. Tacos are $1.50 each and we tried the cabeza and al pastor to see how it stacks up with the competition ...

The meats were pretty good, but pretty skimpy. The tortillas were slightly dry and on their way to hard.

Would I be back? Not likely, knowing that Taqueria El Pastorcito still owns the streets, followed by Taqueria El Buen Pastor(formerly Tacos El Pastorcito) ....IMO....ALOHA!!!
There are 2 of these carts in Vegas that I know of, and oh....my.....there is no better taco in my option. These are simply amazing. $1.50 each for small double corn shelled bites. The pork and pineapple are the best but the beef is great too. I wish I could review more but every time I go all I can do is stuff myself sick on the pork- unbelievably yummy!
Awesome pastor tacos! Quick easy and hella good. Chorizo really good too. Wish they were there all week. Not just Thursday - Sunday.  But glad they are there none the less.
The taco stand here has leveled up, and is now a full blown trailer!  I don't know if it means different owners, but the menu looked a bit different from when it was just a stand.  The meats also tasted a bit different; when it was a stand I really liked the pastor.  Currently their cabeza is my favorite meat.

Tacos are around $1.50 each, orders are served up fast, and there is a full salsa bar.  There are no tables or areas for seating, so you'll be eating outside or in your car.  The only frustrating thing about this place is that the hours don't seem to be consistent.  I've driven past on Friday or Saturday nights expecting them to be open, but either they haven't set up yet or they have already closed.  Still, this is one of the better taco stops that I've had in this part of town.
Unless you're looking for a taco stand, it's easy to miss. While on Tropicana Avenue, it's situated in the parking lot of Showtime Car Wash, just east of Jones Boulevard (pass the Albertson's). There's no designated spots to park, so find a space that doesn't disrupt traffic and keep an eye on your vehicle. You won't be there very long anyway.

Tacos are just $1.50-2/each. Al Pastor (Pork), Asada (Steak), Cabeza (Head), Chorizo (Sausage), and Pollo (Chicken) are $1.50 and Lengua (Tongue) and Tripa (Tripe) is $2. You can add cheese and sour cream for $0.50/each or guacamole for $1. There is an extensive salsa bar that houses fresh salsas (I really liked the medium orange-colored one) and great toppings like diced white onions and cilantro.

There are other menu selections like quesadillas and plates (maybe tortas?). Soda cans, water bottles, and Horchata are offered for $1 (Horchata may be more?), but I would suggest bringing your own beverages.

I ordered two Al Pastor tacos, one with pineapple and one without it. I wasn't sure what I'd like since this was my first time trying Pastor. The tacos are small (normal corn tortilla), but piled pretty well with meat. I was surprised how much I liked the pork with the pineapple (I guess I shouldn't be too surprised since I like ham with pineapple), but it added a nice sweetness. The pork wasn't very flavorful and lacked juiciness and tenderness - most likely from being chopped so small and cooked on the flattop a tad too long. The tortilla was also warmed too much resulting in a slightly dry texture. So, overall, just okay. It was still good enough to fulfill a craving, but definitely no sparks.

I wouldn't say I would never visit this taco stand again, but I probably wouldn't order the Pastor. It could possibly just not be my favorite taco meat or they may do Asada or Pollo better. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt or just have the salt shaker ready.
It's not that Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor has changed--they still do a good job.  It's just that my eyes have been opened to the finer side of Al Pastor after this week's Taco Trek UYE.

Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor will still do in a pinch, but if I have the time I will definitely be heading to other parts of the valley for my tacos.

Stop by if you're in the area as their tacos are good here!  Otherwise check out Taqueria El Pastorcito or Taqueria El Buen Pastor.
I don't drive up and down W. Tropicana Ave that often, so it is not surprising that I have never noticed that a taco truck would be operating in the parking of Showtime Car Wash on selected evenings.  On a recent Saturday, I was here to check out this new to me West side taco truck as part of an organized street taco crawl around Las Vegas with many other Yelpers.

The food truck overall looks new and kept clean.  The two man crew making the orders to order are pros and kept up with the Yelp rush like no body's business. Looking over their menu, I noticed that their price is probably tied for being the lowest for their tacos (almost everything is $1.50 except Lengua (Tongue) and Tripa (Tripe) which are $2 a piece).

As the event is billed as The Al Pastor Tacolympics, it was a no brainer that I had to order an Al Pastor taco with pineapple.  I also ordered their Cabeza (Cow's Head Meat) taco as I was pretty hungry, just to round it out, but still forced myself to not order any more so I can pace myself for the rest of the pit stops we were expected to make if we kept to the plan.

The wait for my order of the tacos was minimal and was ready sooner than I had expected.  The Al Pastor taco looked good, but the pineapple seems like it wasn't grilled at all, the Cabeza taco looked just okay.  But the main test was the taste test, and the Al Pastor seems lacking in flavor and the Cabeza was rather dried.  Their salsa and condiment bar helped but overall I was not impressed at all.

Why you should check this place out (assuming it is open at this location on the night you want to check them out)?  The main reasons would have to be your immediate proximity to this location and their pricing.  Otherwise, get in your car and drive NE to other taco stands that offer mucho better tacos for 50 cents more.

Besides tacos, they of course also offer burritos, tortas, and quesadillas on their menu. For something to wash it all down, they have your typical bottled water, canned sodas, and their Horchata.

Oh, expect to stand and eat or go a bit more upscale and enjoy your tacos in the comfort of your car.  What ever you decide, just be courteous to others and dispose of your trash in the provided trash receptacles. 

Parking is where you can find a spot, on the street or in the lot, as long as you are not obstructing traffic.

2 star-ish.

Review #13 of 2014
For street tacos, I got the asada... they are good, nothing special. I've had better. The price is good and staff was friendly and fast. Seemed clean enough.
It's better than Taco Bell or Del Taco any day!
Parking is kind of weird, they are set up in the parking lot of a carwash/detail center, so parking can be at a minimum at times and lot can be busy.
Area seems safe, non-seedy...I left my car there for a few hours after the taco stop late at night and it was good when I returned. Yay!
I used to live in this area and back then there wasn't a stand. 

I got 2 tacos : 

Cabeza - it was ok... mine was greasier than others I think because I somehow got the bottom of the pile or something as others complained it was dry that day. I thought it needed salt though.

Pastor - I wasn't a fan of how small the meat was diced as it lost some of the flavor. 

I got a horchata to wash it down. It was creamy and had a lot of spice, but a bit sweet for my taste, though I can see others liking it as is.

I came with a group of Yelpers and their service is fast and the tacos were cheap at $1.50 but overall this was just alright. I wouldn't go out of my way for these tacos...and I'm never in this hood either.
Great tacos! Nothing fancy but great food before heading to the strip and fast.. Don't expect to much.. Just good old Mexican food! I've said it before but in Vegas you don't find too many good Mexican places and this place is definitely top 3.. This place reminds me of being in the valley(San Fernando valley) hanging with my cousins after a night at city walk! People need to stop being stuck up with this place! Its not a 5 star or even 4 star restaurant! Its a taco stand! Fast.. Fills you up and can cure a hangover with its salsa!
One word review Meh...

The meat does not have the same flavors of other places like El Gordo. The tortillas were not fresh and the flavor was not there. I had their pork tacos with papaya and pineapple, it took them 2 minutes to prep them, but the quality was not really there. 

On a side note, if you have a friend who can't eat pork for religious reasons, then this place is not suitable since they skillet is shared for all meats.
Wadaa is attached to Barney's Boathouse and is both delicious and an incredible bargain. The menu consists of only two items, steak tacos and chicken tacos. The meat is marinaded beautifully so the flavors are intense and satisfying. And they are only $2 each! Incredible bargain! Cheese is an extra buck. You really will be blown away by something so tasty being so inexpensive!

It isn't advertised but they will also make you a quesadilla for the same price as a taco, and I find them a bit more filling! So if you want to get something a little bigger for the same price try one out!

You really can't beat this deal in oldtown and they are superb!
Good food,when the lazy douches decide to work. Oh ya...we are open sundown-3am  WED-SUN. BIATCH PLEASE!!! You are never open Sunday night any I went there THURSDAY night ay 9pm and guess what.....the owners were too sleepy to be open. I starved all night so I could get your food at 8pm, when you were supposed to open,and I went but again at 9pm and NOT OPEN! So now I am starving because you  are LAZY! This is war. Enjoy your FB and Yelp because I will make you feel the pain I feel in my stomach right now, you lazy border jumpers!!!
I hate to open up a business listing with a mediocre review, but so it goes. Luang Prabang dishes up inexpensive Thai food in large portions, and that ultimately means shortcuts. Consistent with that expectation, my dish was pretty forgettable. Friendly service, low prices, and a smile could not make up for chopped rice noodles in red curry paste dressed up to look like Pad Thai.
AVOCADO SPRING ROLL. For $2.50 it's a steal that you get essentially a large burrito of avocado-y, cabbage-y, spicy, peanut saucy goodness with mint and noodles bundled in a rice wrapper. This is my go-to grab on Library Mall for something veggie-filled and cheap on the go. Sometimes I go over there just for the spring roll actually.
How can you not like this food cart? The cook here is the friendliest among all the food carts at Library Mall, and every single person I watched ordering here know Kai by name and obviously, she knew them by name too. 

Food - cheap and large portions. Haven't found anything I do not like here, but I usually order the same few favorites.

(Monday special) Laotian sausage. The sausage and the sticky rice is the perfect combination, you just keep going back. 
Khao Moo Deng - pork with fried sticky rice and super tasty avocado salad. Really good. The pork is like chinese BBQ pork (Char siew), and tender and great flavor. I'm not sure what they put in the sticky rice, but its brown instead of white and so much tastier!
Mango sticky rice - mangos are always sweet. Rice, the last time I had it, was more like a pudding, but still tasty sweet and sticky like you would want it.
Avocado spring roll - favorite among most people I watched ordering, and you can request for not ordering certain things in there.
Pad Thai - very very very tasty. the best you can get in Madison. 

I love the food cart so much, I will brave the Bascom Hill back and forth just so I can get some tasty Thai food. Good service, good food, cheap and large portions - what more can you ask for?
No use repeating what's already been said, yet I'll do it anyway!

Avocado Spring Roll. Get it. Only $2.50? Get 2? OK!

Huge. Delicious. Avocado-y. Avocado makes everything better.
Super nice! I go downtown just to eat here. The pad thai is awesome, u can get it super spicy. Spring rolls are great and inexpensive.
The pad thai is usually my go-to dish when benchmarking a Thai restaurant (or in this case, food cart), and I am sad to say that the Luang Prabang pad thai is extremely underwhelming.

Although the flavor was okay, the noodles were overcooked, resulting in sad, limp clumps at the bottom of my take-out box. The chicken was also way too dry. The only real thing that Lunag Prabang has going for it is their prices, which undercuts their competitors by $2-3 per entree. 

I may be back on a whim to try out the avocado spring roll, but that remains to be seen.
I have to say this Colombian spot located on the southwestern corner of Sahara/Torrey Pines Dr, carries one of the most unique flavors in Colombian appetizers. I would strongly recommend #6 Patacon de Carne desmechada! You can't go wrong with it, and comes along with a very humble friendly staff! Enjoy!
Arepa Xpress is the only place in Vegas to get your fix of so many great Colombian treats!  I strongly recommend the Colombian style hot dogs, definitely a must! The best hot dog you've ever tried, I promise! It's colombian fast food at its best. U can even call in or text your orders ahead of time so they can have them ready for u. And now with the cold weather upon us they will bring the orders out to ur car, can't beat that!
I have never had an arepa before. And now, I am a big fan, we especially like the cilantro sauce served with it. The vegan arepa with the plantain and avocado is worth going to find this truck. Prices are good, the people are nice and we are happy they have such a lovely vegan option.
Food is amazing!!! Typical Colombian Arepas and much more!! I highly recommend it, can't wait to come back!!
Authentic Colombian food and it tasted amazing as well! Don't let the little truck fool you! Highly recommend it! Will definitely be coming back. Had the salchicha (hot dog) and it was perfect!
Great and easy place to stop for a bite right on my way home from work down W Sahara. It was my first introduction to Colombian food and now I try to go once a week! Really friendly and helpful staff; they make you feel like family. If you're a first timer, they'll explain the different items and make recommendations, but really, everything is delicious!